The surprise is that you didn't have a heart attack.
Isn't either one with a weak heart after you saw how he shot his friend?
I just decided that you're the Dr. Frankenstein of radio sports flunkies.
Me?
Yeah, and what?
You're the guy that invented the Clarence Darrow, you invented Stugots, you invented all
these evil little and then you just turn him loose on the rest of the world.
Yeah, I had food, Chambi.
Yeah, look what happened, look what happened with that.
He's doing very well.
He could be doing a lot better if he had any brains.
Oh, you're wrong.
He's doing college basketball on ESPN.
He's doing baseball on ESPN.
Let me say this to you again, with all due respect.
To be the voice of the New York Mets on the radio in New York, a team that is your team.
That would be like my like Joe Bowen calling me up and saying, I got for a bit.
I got a terminal disease.
We want you to be the play by play broadcaster, the Toronto Maple Leafs.
You think I would say, oh, I don't think so, Joe.
I got his great deal here with QAM.
No, that's not why you turned it down.
Why did you turn it down?
He turned it down because he had to leave Dan LaBasterd.
Oh, he did it.
You know, Josh Cortis gets real upset with every time he sees that show a supernatural
with those two brothers sleeping in the same room.
Well, last time I checked Boog and LaBasterd aren't related.
He didn't turn it down to continue to work there.
He turned it down because he's got a good network deal with ESPN where he's doing, and he's
making more money there.
He's doing voice of the New York Mets.
He's doing 60 network baseball games.
He's doing it easy.
They're my work that I'm on television.
He does post-season on radio.
Lazy.
I don't agree.
There are guys who, O'Brien took a network job too.
Yeah, and who hears about him now?
He's all, watch ESPN.
He does the main game.
But let me understand it.
But who hears about him?
Who knows for me?
He's just another one of these canned voices, like Joe Buck.
Only Joe Buck gets a little bit of press.
But who hears about Dave O'Brien?
What's the difference?
He sounds like his voices come out of a...
There's 80 guys that sound exactly like Dave O'Brien.
I don't know.
The Dave O'Brien is in the upper echelon of baseball and answers today.
A bigger pardon?
He's in the upper echelon of baseball and answers today.
Okay.
Well, there's not a whole lot to choose from anymore.
Well, so he is...
He is what he is.
I'll go along with that.
Against the group that we're talking about.
I got this for you.
I take Joe Angel any day over Dave O'Brien.
I like Joe Angel too.
Huh?
I like Joe Angel too.
Yeah.
And Dave O'Brien really does.
Where is Joe Angel?
He's stuck at the end of the game.
Joe Angel's in number two guys on Baltimore.
He's stuck at the Duff.
You're mixing subjects here.
Exactly.
To keep you off balance, that's the strategy.
Don't you see?
I'm sticking to my guns.
Oh, by the way, you even stick your guns in at Gritzky's story.
To I thought about that later on for about 10 seconds while I was making my big comeback
at Woodbuy.
Yeah.
I broke even. I had a great day.
No, I was losing my ass in it and my machine.
Oh, you know something?
Come coming back after losing your ass is winning.
Oh, yeah. I left there for like a one-ten million.
Yep.
But anyway, the Gritzky thing, you see, the comment wasn't that they bet a hundred thousand.
But it was like, see, I totally we should have bet.
In other words, it was exaggerating, obviously.
But in other words, he was that confident in the outcome of the game.
I don't know whether it was...
Oh, and I just say...
You know, we say that all the time.
Right.
Exactly.
Like when your horse is opening up ten length lines.
Oh, yeah, I should have bet a two hundred.
One hundred thousand on it.
Exactly.
And that's the thing.
But the point, the point of the story there from Bill Waters was that these are people
both of them.
I mean, obviously husband and wife don't live in a vacuum who bet, who plunged their guts out on sports.
Now, it's okay if we've done the sports book, there's nothing illegal about that as long as he wasn't bettin hockey.
But there's a guy that lives in Phoenix and in LA, he's got a home in LA, obviously.
So he was in one of those two places at the time.
Well, I know that both locations are fairly close to Vegas, but I don't know about you.
I don't know if any sports books in Phoenix or in LA.
Well, there are some states where you're allowed to maintain an offshore count.
Yeah.
So you can bet there.
It's like betting with a bookmaker.
Or maybe a Jersey account with Rick Tockett's friends.
Yeah, absolutely.
Rick Tockett's...
Have you ever seen Rick Tockett's nose?
By the way, it's not illegal to bet.
It's illegal to book the bet.
Or arrange the bet.
Right.
But we already know that Rick Tockett was Zillian, all these bets off for all these people on the table.
And he was bookmaker.
Right.
But the aggressor in his wife were betting.
And if he was the assistant coach of the team, you think he was operating in a vacuum?
Oh, I understand that.
Yeah.
I just aggravates me the way they cover up for him here.
He's like a legend here and they're like obsessed and they're like, it's like a sickness here.
That needle nose piece of crap makes me sick.
He couldn't lick Bobby or his ass, even with that nose.
Anyway, I was just thinking across the street, you got Jefferson pilot.
You know what we got?
A QAM?
I don't know.
Automatic pilot.
Automatic pilot.
I guessed it.
What do I win?
Automatic pilot.
A million dollars.
I'll take it.
I'll take the million dollars and I can bet.
I'll line and tell it to cut the check.
And I also tell it to cut the crap.
You're going to autopilot.
Clarence is playing Junior Basketball in List again in Boston this summer.
And we've got major issues and he's just... he's AWOL.
I'm going to bet 100,000 on the canes tonight taking 10 points in a game.
I'm going to bet 10 million on Duff becoming program director again in your little underling clearance sleeping with the fishes.
I'll take that.
I may have to call a brick talk and see if he knows any piece.
Duff is becoming salesmobile.
Maybe Clarence could just go Duff cunning with Dick Cheney.
That's an idea.
Maybe that's where he is now.
Now, warmly-sourning Clarence is busy being UM Flunky.
I think he ought to be the PD at VUM.
I think he's a perfect position for him.
Although that's a big, there was a several perfect positions for him, but that's another story.
I thought that was the beast.
What's that?
PD is the VUM.
Nah, he's outgrown after the... you know, everybody likes the beast now and other his nemesis are going on.
The Todd Dreck is just... he's... he's problem.
He's... he's trouble.
If I could tell you the story, if I maybe George will tell you the story, it has to do with one of our accounts that I'm a cow.
He's a cankerwin one year.
I've had grief like you wouldn't believe.
And this Todd Dreck did... but it'll be... but it'll be... but it'll be about...
and you know, always pass the buck and tell make up stories.
Well, you got to do this for me. You got to do this for me, you know.
I know.
I know what you're talking about.
I wouldn't wish our sales department on a till-of-a-hunt Adolf Hitler, Joseph Stalin, Mao Zitong, or Clarence.
Clarence?
By the way, the new sales manager...
The new sales manager starts tomorrow.
Yeah.
He starts when?
I think tomorrow.
No, March 1st.
Oh, March 1st, because I was told he was coming in tomorrow.
Well, he may be coming in tomorrow.
Oh, he's coming down tomorrow.
See, and Joe Bell could be there too, except that Greg won't get his stuff out of there or clear out that damn office.
Greg came by yesterday, I guess, during the hallway.
Was it in the hall, George?
Yeah, they're about... yeah, in the hallway, passing the ships in the night, says to George,
Oh, tell me, I said, hi.
I have one word for you, Greg.
Bye-bye.
So that high was worth about... how many thousands?
That was his day of consoling. He said, hi, you.
Oh, I see what you're saying.
Yeah, he's getting paid by the high.
Yeah.
Right.
Kind of like the vice president who was duck hunting with his girlfriend and his booze.
A few beers and a few broads, man.
So you notice he goes on Fox Network to do it.
Yeah, I got a column about that, yeah.
About him going on their... Critic slantini's interview choice.
Jack Caferdi on CNN, who's the only human being on CNN, the only guy I really like on here.
He said it was a little bit like Bonnie interviewing Clyde, seeking a safe haven in Fox.
Amen.
Nice going, Jack.
That's the only guy on CNN that should survive.
The rest of that place needs to be taken out.
Except for our good friend Susan Candy on it.
She's a sweetheart.
Yeah, I like her.
Yeah, she's great.
Another local person who made good.
Right.
So what's going on we did today?
Speaking of local people who made good...
What's going on with me today is I'm going to pretend that I have my brains unscrabble.
I'm going to do four hours here.
I'm going to tell you something.
Seriously, remember what I told you?
The faces change and I just had a little chat with Joe Bell about 20 minutes ago, 10 minutes.
And the faces change, but he understands he's got a lot of stuff he and Harry Downey's not going to solve it all in four weeks.
But it would be nice to start solving some of the things that have to do with us.
It's like maybe one would be good for starters.
You know what?
It's just more...
He's responsive.
You could tell him something and he gets it done.
Really?
Yes.
Well, maybe for you.
Do you know by the way that they actually could heat up the studio if they wanted to?
Really?
For three years I've been told that we don't have any heat here.
I mentioned it to him yesterday and guess what?
How come we have a nice studio?
Somebody actually showed up yesterday to fix it after I've been begging for three years.
So guess what?
The engineers finally got off their butt to do something.
Yeah.
Because Joe Bell made sure they did.
I love Joe Bell.
Huh?
The guy's great.
He actually cares and he wants to do things that are right.
And do things the right way.
It's...
Well, I hope you're right.
I think it'll change.
I have a lot of confidence in him.
He's inheriting...
You know, it's like...
It's like...
Like I was talking about the Humpty Dumpty and the Broken Egg.
Yeah.
The egg is broken into a million pieces.
It's like being president after Bush.
Yeah.
Who's going to clean up the mess?
Who would want to be?
How do we get out of a rack?
It's a big job.
How do we calm down all these crazy schmata heads?
But this guy's okay, I think.
We'll see.
Time will tell.
I'm going to give you a benefit from the doubt.
Yeah, but at least another day.
I'm going to give you another day.
That's good.
And I'm going to tell you you put it perfectly.
Okay.
You want another day.
All right.
Any pressure, Joe, we're going to give you another day.
24 hours.
We're going to have you...
Gillatin.
We're going to get...
Oh, Jay and there with that machete.
So it's 24 hours, Joe, to get it fixed.
Well, this...
This other situation was not...
I'll have to ask Joe.
Yeah, ask Joe.
He'll tell you.
In fact, as soon as he tells you your head will spin around like a dreidel and heat.
As soon as he tells you what it is, you'll know.
I'll do my exercises to that.
But if you...
We always have to do a favor for this one and a favor for that one.
We all...
Yeah, it's just...
I'm tired of favors for people like...
Wouldn't give me the time to do it.
I know.
You know what?
He's got an advertiser out there that he wanted me to do some kind of deal for.
Yeah.
That I'm supposed to go out and say and tell the world that...
I don't want to go out there and tell the world that...
I don't know what it is.
Yeah.
That's the same as you.
It may be the same one for all of you.
Yeah, that's it.
This is an evil person, man.
An evil person who will tell any story, any lie, fabricate any kind of BS to strip a...
Stuff a couple of bucks in his pocket.
Yeah.
He's got his own little boiler room going on back there.
That's the thing.
When instance, sales manager comes in.
I don't know what kind of hair piece he's got, but it's going to fly straight up in a year.
Skin...
Oh, he's a skinhead.
Good.
I...
Good.
Maybe he can borrow Moe's Vibruscrat.
Or maybe he can borrow that Luis Miguel Muscrat that's sitting back there.
Man, I heard that thing is still crawling around here.
Yeah.
That's what I heard.
Tall, tall, tall, tall.
Well, I'm sorry that I chased him out of town.
Do you hear that guy a few days ago?
That was a classic call.
Some old toad.
And another thing.
And I sounded just like...
Oh, yeah, yeah.
He was in my opinion.
Another thing, yeah.
And you did this and you did that.
And like I said, he chased himself out.
Like, he has every other place he's ever worked.
Moe.
And that's the one.
How did we get into that?
How did you leave him?
I did not bring him up today.
You sure as hell did.
I was talking about Wayne Breckian.
You started with Moe again.
Absolutely.
You have a disease with it.
No, you have you have moe it is I think that's a good line or across the street
It's Jefferson pilot and on this side of the street QA is auto pilot. I like that's correct. Yes
Morody clearance man. I got news for I better not see him again
Well, I must he get unless the Cains play in Toronto you probably know I might have to do a Dictini on him
Spread a few pellets around I'll have to go to say spray spray some in his face
But who'd I would know the difference a clearance you idiot you fair?
God yeah, he was supposed to follow through and take care all this stuff and I get an email from him for 25 yesterday
I'm at wood vine on my blackberry I get an email
Well, what was the problem you were having and I thought to myself you in this little man you are just
pathetic a child
We could if I could resurrect my little miniature pinch your tiny he'd make you make a more effective pd
And clearance zero, but again like I said he's one of your monsters that you wind up it. It's it's fun
You wind him up and you turn him loose on the human race like stoo gots
You invented stoo gots I did well hey regrets. I've had a few you'll probably you'll probably lose a big bet someday
And it'll be all because of that just just in your mind do a little linkage there just remember I told you
I'm gonna get the carman turned around they are
You better start working on you better repent find the Lord. I am repentin on some things good bet would be one
Well listen have a great day. I'm just I don't know whether I'm on
Or planted or your rain is said I don't know where to go. I am I have to go see George. Yeah, go see you
I know the same deal
I would bet I would bet Todd Rex life on it. I bet you $100,000 say goodbye. Goodbye. Oh, yeah, and even money. Okay. We're done
Know that the Lord even loves seal Rogers
Nothing like
I'm a bird.
It's me, Mary, one of the ways.
Oh, by faith.
Oh, by faith.
By faith.
Have my shadow.
I'll kill you.
I'll kill you.
I'll kill you.
I'll kill you.
Keep your mouth shut.
Anyway, 10-15 already.
Can you believe that?
10-15 already?
Wow.
Yeah.
Time is flying by.
And I have no idea what to plan on them on.
I'm not joking about that.
Anyway, we got Geltie to the staff now.
A mad dog at four.
That's Geltie in the 2-to-4 mode revolving dough.
A mad dog at four.
Hurricane warm-up at 630.
And then it's Clarence and Josie Gackie.
Oh, my God.
Josie Gackie sucks, OK?
OK.
UM basketball is Boston College up there.
That's why we have no program director.
That's why we're on auto pilot today.
And he can't do the basketball game.
That's our award-winning schedule here at Auto Pilot Radio.
10-16.
This is Neil Roger.
That's how you're going to next spring.
This is 5-16 Q-A-O.
Sales people are ice-holes.
Good morning, Americans.
It's Paul Harvey.
Standby for news.
Bill and his wife Buffy were sitting in church.
Bill sleeping Buffy, knitting.
The priest asked who created the earth and man.
A Buffy poked Bill with her knitting needle and Bill screamed God.
The priest looked at him and said, that's right.
And he asked who is God's son.
Once more, Buffy poked her husband Bill with her needle.
He screamed Jesus again, the priest said correct.
Finally, the priest asked what did he say to Adam when she didn't want any more children?
Well, Buffy poked her husband Bill again, but this time he screamed,
poke me with that thing one more time and I'm going to rip it off.
The priest said that's...
Right.
Paul Harvey.
Good day.
21 past 10 at 5.
So do you have a little conversation with Hank for about 10 seconds?
Yeah, and he also thought my dance impersonation was really hysterical.
I did the Todd Direct Dance.
Oh, I see.
Now was it the same issue or was it something different?
Well, he had a different issue with...
I see.
Very similar kind of...
I see.
Bada Bupada.
Right.
Exactly.
Well, that's Todd Direct's middle name.
Bada Bupada.
And then of course we find clarity.
You know, it's passing the blame and down the road to go.
And of course it's kind of difficult to deal with any of these issues when there's nobody in there.
And when you keep sending emails and they keep getting sent back to you.
Now, why does that happen?
I'm having issues of my own with my email client, so I don't know...
No, I'm not.
No, in this particular case it's not.
I didn't put a...
I don't think I got a...
I don't ever get my emails not delivered other than this particular case.
You know, it's balanced back from the mail or daemon.
Right.
Is that what happened to yours?
No, mine just...
It's like I never even existed.
But I think that's something something's going on wrong with my settings over here.
I see.
22 after 10 here at Autopilot Radio.
Let's take a look at the poll result from yesterday.
I just went over like Halava in Manhattan.
I'll tell you that 1890 votes.
Pretty impressive, if you ask me.
The gayest thing a so-called straight guy can do.
Kiss another guy.
263.
Oh, thank you.
Put a little tongue in there and it goes up to about 4,000.
Make it fraternity hazing 237.
Like running naked on a beach with your bodies.
It's the greatest thing that a guy could ever experience in life.
Make no mistake how that.
Take his word for it.
We're a thong at the beach.
Especially we're a thong while you're running on a beach with your buddies.
221.
We're short shorts, 102.
Real short.
Like up to your navel.
Guys with navel or town piercing.
All the navels all the time, 92.
Hold a small dog while driving a widow dog, 74.
Especially like a poodle.
Well, I tell you, I'm being a dog lover but I don't like poodles at all.
No, I don't either.
I don't like poodles.
I don't like people who have poodles.
They're just something about the whole thing.
It's great.
They don't care.
No, it's like people that have a prop.
It's not like having a pet.
It's like a prop.
You know the difference between a pet and a prop?
Yeah.
A prop drives a plane and you know.
Where a fanny pack or a fag bag 71?
Ties sweater around you next 70.
Listen to Neil Rogers.
Gay 69.
Oh, look at that number.
Get a manicure or a pedicure like him a bull camp or 67.
You don't like it?
You got an issue with him?
Take it up with him.
Yeah.
He'll beat this stardaria from distance.
Watch Bear Ass mounting 62.
Highlight your hair 56.
Shaving your body here at 38.
Vote Democrat 38.
Ass Laughing 33.
Wear a thumb ring at 31.
That's what thumb people say.
Use body wash 29.
Watching figure skating 28.
Guys who like cats 28.
Guys who like musical 28.
Expressed a musical cat.
Plocking their eyebrows 21.
Watching soap operas and wearing pink shirts 20.
Ride a scooter of F-Buff 14.
Guys who like McCauley Culkin 13.
Going to Michael Jackson concert 13.
I bet you that the guy with the eyes probably likes McCauley Culkin.
I'll ask him next time.
Well, he's probably too old now.
Going to the gym 10.
We're green on Thursday 10.
How did you notice whether Josh is wearing any green today?
Uh, what color are those stripes?
He's wearing a white shirt with some stripes.
Uh-oh.
I am not.
Then I'll wear those stripes there.
Blue.
They're black.
Blue.
Black and blue.
I'm wearing gray.
I can't.
I kind of feel a little black and blue today too.
Where are ladies watched in?
Where colored contact lenses that should say tinted.
But again, color.
I'm sorry.
Color sound like a racial thing, you know.
I don't think that the dark folks wear uh, uh, tinted contact lenses doing?
Sure.
What not?
They do?
Yeah.
You know any?
Absolutely.
I've seen it.
No, I don't.
I don't know.
Yeah.
No, no, no.
Dark guys who wear tinted, I'm not saying that sounds awfully.
Yeah.
To me, girls mostly.
No.
Well, that's different story.
You mean real girls?
We're a bracelet, six.
Right at 10.
Well, there's a different kind of girl.
There's real girls than there's girls.
Yeah.
Right at 10 to by five.
Buying carpenter CDs only two in Crop and a movie too.
I'm very impressed by those lines too.
What a self-confident bunch of guys we got out there.
Only two of them would feel bad about Crop and a movie or buying a carpenter CD.
I can't wait to look at the yellow and state dry.
Come on.
I think admitting to buying carpenter CDs is another category.
But just doing it.
How about admitting to something?
And when you're bringing it out?
I don't know.
I can have brown paper wrapper like Hustler magazine.
For those days?
Yeah.
Yeah.
You go into like a lot of those magazine stores.
I have adult stores and in the back section they have Playboy and Playgirl and Hustler and
whatever.
And they would give it to you in a brown wrapper.
As a matter of fact, I remember subscribing to the advocate for years as I have.
And I don't think they do that anymore.
But once upon a time when it was not fashionable to be out.
Yeah.
They would deliver that to your mailbox in a very nondescript way.
Well, that's the wrapper.
Come to the opaque plastic.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Let's say talk about a Josh Nifer.
It says 431 p.m.
Oh, this is from Iadon.
We don't read your faxes.
Okay, Iadon.
See, it's a good thing to look at the header before you bother sending me the...
Well, I said it and I put a disclaimer at the bottom of it.
I didn't even get there far as soon as I saw the Iadon at the top.
I said to them.
That was bull crap anyway.
Bye-bye, Iadon.
Yeah, some crap not going to mad dog.
We don't knock mad dog on the show.
He's one of the hidden hanker people we like, NIDK and Claire and Curtis.
I want to say Claire and sorry.
Yeah, you talked for a minute.
I know you love him.
Curtis Stevenson.
The best cartoon character of all time.
We better do the break.
Because when we get back, that'll take us till noon when I get through reading the list.
I'm only going to read it maybe twice.
It's just too long.
So I'll read the top vote getters.
I agree with the top there.
734 votes for the best that you do, huh?
I don't.
I voted for Batman.
Oh, wow.
He's doing pretty good.
I mean, he's in the pack.
I was very torn between the three that are in the lead.
Really?
Really?
Well, yeah, of course.
See, I don't view any of the ones I grew up with.
Yeah, but I don't view South Park as a cartoon.
It's a TV cartoon, but I don't know.
I don't know how they cast it.
No, it's kind of like a different category.
But nevertheless, we serve Love South Park and Cartman.
Or as a dude, somebody would say Cartman to them.
I don't know, but I'm going to talk about her when we come back.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516-Q-A-S.
Come and listen to the story about a gal named Spears.
Started out of where Mickey Mouse clovey.
Lenshua sang her with really big moon.
Until she met that bear, London.
Fake rapper.
Real poacher.
Well, the next thing you know, she's gotten off the...
Got herself pitched without a prenup.
Rimsals said he just after your tag turned new into sorry life track.
Praylor Trav.
Gary Sprayer.
Now it's time to say goodbye to Mr. Business Pears.
Never should've gone and tried to pierce the baby's ears.
Telled it better, get the kid or else he won't survive.
Or they can run, kill the lizard, don't know how to drive.
Wait, bye-bye now.
Don't look back now, here.
I realize I'm a little bit slow and a little bit stupid.
But this big tiny is shooting the bird thing on our website.
How does that thing work?
Oh, you just wait for the quail to come up and then you press the shoot button.
Click on the above picture.
The big tiny quail hunt.
Okay.
Let me try it.
I'm trying to start.
I just don't have any success with this.
It says the shoot button will be right where the start button is below.
Then click the start button and be sure your aim is true.
It says wait until you see the quail fly from the bushes.
Then click shoot to make a shot at it.
It's harder than it looks.
Just keep waiting for the shoot button there.
Okay, I'm waiting.
Waiting for the quail to come flying out.
There's Danny quail.
Do you see the quail yet?
All right, first I'm clicking on the picture.
Oh, we did that.
All right, well, I'm behind.
I'm way ahead of you.
And the tiny start button there with it.
All right, I'm holding...
Oh, there, yeah, I got it to work.
I'm over that.
All right, I'm doing it again.
Oh, damn it.
How'd you do it?
You mind just a shoot?
Didn't you see the quail?
Refresh.
Refresh.
As soon as you refresh, hold the mouse over the shoot button.
Yeah, well, I'm doing that.
I'm poised.
I'm ready.
You'll see a quail fly out there.
I'm doing it.
I'm refreshing it.
Okay, I refreshed it.
I got my mouse on the shoot button.
I'm waiting for the quail.
I don't have time for this shoot.
Let's go ahead and shoot.
Oh, okay.
Oh, now the other thing comes up to go.
Okay, start.
Oh, I got the girl.
No, I can't hit the quail.
I can't hit the bird on mine.
But you don't get the quail.
If you hit shoot again, it'll take you back to the other screen.
I take your word for it, okay?
There's something to keep you guys off the streets today, okay?
A little, a little, a little, a little bit of a bit of a beat.
Oh, I got the other hunter, guy.
All right.
The best cartoon character of all time is we have 771 votes today.
We got a good shot in the thousand again.
I would think by 1130.
Bugs Bunny 147.
Okay.
Homer Simpson 89.
Cartman from South Park 85.
Which, you know, again, if you consider, I guess they are, I guess they're cartoon characters.
Right, right?
But the moment only third, which you think they'd do better.
Excuse me, but I do believe that sounds bad.
Okay.
Why the coyote in the road runner 51, Tom and Jerry 34.
Oh, come on, Tom and Jerry.
Yeah.
Get out of here.
Bebison, but had 34, Rocky and Bullwinker 31.
Tom and Jerry 34, Rocky and Bullwinker 31.
See, there we go back again.
Right.
I don't even know why I take the polls because I always get agitated with the outcome.
And then, you know, Superman 28, Batman 26, Mickey Mouse 21.
What about Mighty Mouse?
They better remember Mighty Mouse?
I do, sure.
Oh, he's on here.
I watched Mighty Mouse.
He's on here.
Charlie Brown and Snoopy 19.
I guess Mighty Mouse was Mickey with a cape on.
Charlie Brown 16, square bob...
I don't even care today.
Square bob spun pants.
15.
Fred Flintstone and Barney Rubble 15.
I guess you couldn't separate him.
Kind of like those two brothers on Supernatural.
Oh, yeah.
They slept in the same room with Wilma and what's your name?
What was the other one?
Betty.
Scooby Doo 13, 11 for a wren in Stimpy, underdog and daffy duck.
Daffy duck with Crencute.
Speed racer 10, Boris Bedanoff and Natasha.
What is it?
Natasha 1?
Fatal 9.
Oh, Fatal 9.
Because my thing just skipped on me.
Snoopy 8, Mighty Mouse 7, Popeye 7, Donald Duck 6.
Well, that's pretty weak for old Donald.
Mr. McGoo 6.
Maybe they'd like Donald better if we play just a little bit of that bit that we certainly can't play.
Why?
Well, just a little teeny tiny one.
I don't know what you're doing.
I don't know what you're doing.
I feel so good.
Okay, good.
That's what we're here for.
Make you feel good.
Oh, I think that's on the new disc.
Go ahead and repeat that.
I don't hear.
I know.
I don't want to hear about it.
Mr. McGoo 6.
I don't want to know about it.
I want to hear about it.
Phoenix the cat 6.
What do you would pecker 5?
That's pretty weak for what do you would pecker.
I think he'd do better.
No, I guess that's a, that was Walter Lance.
And what if he was hit on Mike Lance?
No, no, no.
Yeah.
Yogi Bear and Boo Boo 5.
Top Cat 5.
Betty Booth 5.
Daryl, I have no idea who that is.
It's a, it's a, it's kind of rye, but it's alright.
Four for Daryl.
I have no clue and I don't want to know.
Twittien Silveth or four.
Dick Tracy four.
Only four people like Dick.
Bobby Hill from King of the Hill 3.
Fat Albert 3.
Bart and Lisa Simpson 3.
Well, oh, I see.
Okay.
Craig Meyer from Family Guy 2.
Porky Pig 2.
Gil from Schoolhouse Rock 2.
Gumby 2.
Oh, this is going to go on forever.
Woo.
Well, I just want to make sure they know the ones we got on here.
The Powderpuff Girls 2, never heard of them.
Joe Polucat 2.
Andy Cap, Wonder Woman 1.
Tom Terrific 1.
Georgia Dejungle 1.
We need a poo one.
Arthur 1.
Heckle and Jekyll 1.
I like Heckle and Jekyll a lot.
And were they like, they were magpies, right?
Yes.
And Jekyll, now play the beginning of that again.
If that doesn't sound like the Olympic theme until it gets to a Georgia Dejungle.
Yeah.
I got it.
Oh, get it back.
Heckle and Jekyll 1.
Angela Angelica Pickles 1.
None for Peter from Family Guy, Alvin Machipmunk.
Oh, come on, poor little Alvin.
Here it comes.
Right?
You're in just the first, uh... that's it, that's it.
Space Ghost and Josie and the Pussycats, Gerald McBoing Boying, Pikachu, and Captain Marvel
have none.
Captain Marvel has none.
What is wrong with you people?
Shazam!
Are you crazy or what?
Good God!
Aren't you?
Aren't you?
I'm just saying, Shazam.
Is that the dated thing, you know, some of us grew up with Captain Marvel and other people
did.
I understand that, but if people remember Batman and Woody Woodpecker, a lot of these
goes back well.
I guess Woody Woodpecker.
Are they still making those cartoons?
The Captain Marvel or the Woody Woodpecker?
Woody Woodpecker.
No.
Walter Langston did a long time.
Yes, he has.
I see.
You know that story, though?
Oh my God.
Are you ready for this?
An armed robbery at a family dollar store in Detroit.
Isn't that big national, international news on CNN?
Oh my God.
Somebody needs to blow up that CNN building.
Make sure Susan Candy, the audience, act carefully to get out first and make sure Rick
Sanchez is still inside.
In fact, he could be the only one inside.
We'll pay for that.
Him and Clarence.
Remember I speak at a Dick Chanian, what a liar he is about everything.
So why should this surprise anybody?
Remember what he was telling us about the insurgency was in its waning days?
He said it's waning outside.
Right.
Everybody opened the window and looked out and said, yeah.
Well, yes, we're waning dead men.
A few large groups using sophisticated communications increasingly have come to
dominate the rags insurgency.
A report released yesterday said, Iraqi insurgency more confident and coordinated.
That's the headline.
The report from the international crisis group, a non-governmental organization that tries
to solve conflicts, notably insurgency, no longer is a scattered, erratic, chaotic
phenomenon.
Groups are now well organized, produce regular publications, react rapidly to political
developments and appear surprisingly centralized the report set.
And all thanks to the Bushmeister and Cheney, and all these other neo-coms.
Ramesh Feld and Wolfowitz and Richard Pearl and Lion Roland Cullen and the Mushroom Cloud
Counter-Laser.
It, nobody insurgency predominantly, Sunni Arab movement has grown more confident, better
organized, coordinated, and information savvy.
That has survived even thrived, despite being vastly outnumbered and outgun.
Suggest the limitations of the current counterinsurgency campaign the report said, it adds
that the insurgency emergency carries profound implications for policy makers.
The report in their own words, reading the Iraqi insurgency used voluminous insurgency
communications, called from websites, videos, tapes, leaflets, and a partridge in poetry,
and stuff that was written and scrapped on the side of a palm tree.
How do you like that?
That exciting?
It said it's waning, and that was months and months ago.
It's all over, we prevail, we kick the rags, everything else, great.
When we hook the big queue, the oil fields, etc., and so on.
And how can Halibut and get a piece of this action too?
This is Neil Rogers.
What's all in this is 5.62 A.S.
This is Katie Carrot from the Today Show.
When you see me every morning with my hair so shiny and bouncy, you may wonder, G Katie,
how do you keep your hair so soft, manageable, and sexy?
My secret, Clareol's new Olympic Pigeon Poo shampoo.
Every morning, I drop a portified dollop of Pigeon Poo on top of my head, massage it in, and rinse.
So, if you've watched overpaid egotistical talking, it has on television just like me,
and wanted to look as beautiful as we are, while your first step is to put a nice big glob of Pigeon Poo right here in your hair.
See it?
See how it's caked up in the park?
And now running like sound lights scouts?
Take a look, America.
I'll bet you're feeling more beautiful already.
Join me, won't you?
It's Clareol's new Olympic Pigeon Poo shampoo.
Just part of our new line of shampoo, also featuring Larry Bird Poo shampoo from In and Big Bird Poo shampoo for kids.
10.46 a.k.u and boy, I can't even see her talent.
No, what? She just sends me.
Well, she is short.
There you go.
Well, it figures you like her.
Cliff says, my favorite cartoon kitty cat is her white cliff.
Yeah, well, okay.
We do things for Cliff, which I really can find her tall cliff and just keep walking.
Nice cliff. You're okay. Don't let George Irving ask.
Unless he feels like it.
5.670560.
I'm not going to read this thing about Dick Taney took full bling yesterday.
Hey, I don't want to.
What's he going to say?
Huh?
I mean, I have to find her.
The other articles they were from an aunt.
I'm sure everybody was having a party with her with two women, not their wife.
John Nichols writes, Cheney Aburr to an a gun in the nation.
And then we also got the Matia Gold in the LA Times Critic slam Cheney's interview choice.
I still I love that line by Jack Kennedy on CNN.
The interview was a little bit like Bonnie interviewing Clyde.
Brett Hume on Fox News interviewing your shoot him up by President.
Brett Hume, a card carrying goose stopping Nazi if there ever was one.
Anyway, John Nichols says Vice President Dick Taney, who was forced to leave here at University because his pension for late night beard drinking exceeded his devotional with studies.
I can relate to that.
And he's one of the small number of Americans who can count to drum driving bus on his driving record.
May have been doing more than hunting quail on the day he shot a Texas lawyer in the face.
You know, that's interesting.
Both the president and the vice president got this drunk driving.
Right?
You know, I know it.
Maybe that explains what's going on in the world today.
Good excuse.
Sure.
Catherine Armstrong, the wealthy Republican lobbyist who's a member of the politically connected family that owns the ranch where Cheney blasted his hunting partner, acknowledged to a reporter for MSNBC that alcohol may have been served in a picnic which was served Saturday afternoon on the Dude Ranch where Cheney shot Perry Wittingson.
According to an MSNBC report that appeared briefly Tuesday on the network's website.
Armstrong peddled a line that she didn't believe that alcohol played a partner shooting accident, but she admitted there may be a barrier to in there.
But remember not everyone in the party was shooting.
There may be a beer or two in there in where?
Can't you remember?
Oh, the MSNBC story which appeared only briefly before the website was scrubbed for reasons not yet explained has been kept alive by the able web investigators at rawstory.com and other progressive blogs.
And so it should be as the prospect that alcohol may have been involved in the Texan since it takes the story to a whole new direction.
By any reasonable measure Armstrong's attempts to downplay the presence of a beer or two raises more questions than it answers about an incident involving a vice president who liked George W. Bush was a heavy drinker in his youth but who unlike Bush never swore off the bottle.
He never got off the sauce.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
As for their over the top favorites to blame Washington the victim forgetting in the way of Cheney's bird shot blasts Armstrong's line on liquor smells a little more like an attempt to cover for the vice president in full disclosure.
This is where the hunting accident incident becomes a serious matter.
The role played by the secret service and preventing questioning of Cheney on the evening of the shooting becomes a new take on new significance.
If Cheney wasn't any way impaired at the time of the shooting it was certainly the vice president's advantage to put the official investigation off until the next morning.
Cheney may be able to say unequivocally that he was not an impaired in an impaired condition when he shot a winning tin but he does now need to start speaking to this precise issue and to all the other questions that have been raised.
They know it's not enough for the vice president to take a few softballs on Fox News.
The administration's house network is the White House crisis management team arranged for me to do it two o'clock yesterday afternoon when legitimate questions arise regarding the role that secret service might have played under my name the investigation of a shooting in order to protect the vice president from embarrassment and possible legal charges.
Those issues have to be addressed fully and completely and they must be addressed in a setting where reporters are able to press the notoriously KG Cheney to actually answer all the questions that are asked.
Up until now the whole hunting accident controversy has been a little more than a diversion for more serious matters involving Cheney not least among these the investigation into whether the vice president authorizes a release of classified information as part of a scheme to discredit critics and administrations rush to war.
But if Cheney used his secret services unit to prevent a necessary and proper official inquiry at a time when it might have uncovered relevant information regarding his condition when he shot a man then the vice president's abuse is office in a most serious manner.
The prospect that such an abuse occurred requires Cheney and any White House aides who were involved in managing the story put Carl Rover at the top of this list to stop still and walling and provide a detailed explanation of their actions and the hours that followed the shooting incident.
This is certainly not the only issue in which the vice president needs to come clean but it's no longer a joking matter or more precisely it's no longer merely a joking matter.
That's what John Nichols' explanation for the old John you go John or you can't take it.
I just incase anybody missed this yesterday that Huffington picture of that old to a bitch that he was a what do you think Fred McMurray I can't think of anybody else that comes close.
Little old monster I would say kind of a cross between John Kerry Herman Munster and Fred McMurray with a bad piece.
Anyway, J.S. goal and having in post wrote Cheney's champion to the real story emerges we read it I read it yesterday but it's worth repeating.
The real story is already emerging if you're willing to do a little digging.
Cheney and Wittington went hunting with two women not their wives there was some drinking and Wittington wound up shot.
Armstrong didn't see the incident but claim she had Cheney refused to be questioned by the sheriff until the next morning and a born-of-get evangelical physician has been downplaying Wittington's injuries since they occurred.
Neither the press nor law enforcement seems to find it investigate.
Before the right wing commentators how there's documentation for all these statements let's take them one by one says RJ.
In addition to Cheney and Wittington the hunting party included Catherine Armstrong who was in the car at the time of the shooting.
After lots of the ace of comments that they only referred to a third hunter we now know her identity Pamela Willerford the US ambassador to Switzerland who looks just like Fred McMurray.
Then there was this Armstrong quote an MSNBC picked up by fire dog late Lake later dootfully scrubbed but preserved on the Google cash cash.
There may be a barrier to winter Armstrong said they remember not everyone in the party with shooting.
Interestingly Armstrong's playing with words here she later said that she Armstrong hadn't had anything to drink so at least one of the other three must have been drinking and the other three were shooting.
So while her statement was literally correct correct not everyone was shooting it gives a false impersonate nobody drank and shot.
Then there was this item courtesy daily costs.
Armstrong said she saw Cheney security detail running toward the scene.
The first thing that crossed my mind was he had a heart problem she told the A&P.
In other words she didn't see the accident all of her statements replete with colorful sidebars about getting peppered pretty good.
You have the false impression she was an eyewitness which he absolutely was not.
And what about Dr. David Blanchard who made such light of winning ten centuries before the heart attack occurred.
Blanchard gave no indication that pellets that ended winning some torsor or major organs we now know that at least one other pellet under it is liver.
One end of the heart one end of the liver.
I found an interesting quote he says after asserting that spiritual beliefs help people recover more quickly which studies have suggested maybe true.
Blanchard said this to people without a body and near death experiences.
These people do quite well in their disease processes.
He said the word wasn't quite ready for them yet it makes believers out of them like the monkeys for example.
It's likely that Blanchard is also the same Dr. David Blanchard is listed as vice chairperson of World Hope International Christian Evangelical Aid Group.
Blanchard certainly in town of his own beliefs and World Hope International is the same guy who has done some good work.
Albeit with a proselyzing and proselytizing vent.
But most evangelicals in this country are ardent supporters of bush chaining.
This may explain to the otherwise puzzling word choices Dr. Blanchard made a plate-albodington's injuries especially before the heart attack that made it more difficult to do so.
So with chaining drinking and was there anything inappropriate about this hunting party we don't know and nobody is investigating.
There's reason to be suspicious. We do have the suggestion that drinking was taking place.
We have inconsistencies in a pattern of deception to Armstrong statements.
We have a shooting injury that's far more serious than originally claimed.
And a Sheriff's Department of National Press that have already proclaimed the VP innocent of all wrongdoing.
I was right to call this Cheney's Tamp Aquatic. The parallels get stronger every day.
Of course Tamp Aquatic happened almost 40 years ago and Ted Kennedy turned his personal life around.
Cheney's action happened this weekend. There's reason to be suspicious of the vice president's behavior starting with the cover-up itself.
They're trying to spin it just as badly as a badly handled case of press relations but it could be a whole lot more than just that.
Don't answer that right?
Right.
And of course all the other lies about far more important things but nevertheless.
This is the kind of crap like I said the other day people get all whipped up to a frenzy about it.
WDQYM, hello.
Daniel.
Yes sir.
I guess I'm pretty bold.
I thought Elmer's good.
Elmer, how can we leave Elmer off in there?
Yeah, I think they took those rabbits and then shoot them in the head.
Amen. Okay thanks, Stanley.
Have a good one.
You too.
Elmer fun.
Well we can put them all on there because that takes the fun away from the audience.
What else is there?
Elmer fun.
A lot of things in Elmer fun.
Actually before it took place 20 or 30 of those bits.
This is Neil Rogers.
Oh, this is 560 QA.
Now look at that.
I almost played this beer is for you.
Yeah.
And then what happened?
No, I just caught it like just at the last second.
As opposed to the other thing I was supposed to play at the top there.
Well I'm going to laugh my feet today with how I'm looking for Elmer fun.
So I'm paying.
That was.
No, I was thinking more like this one.
Hello.
Hello, I was calling about the wabich.
You have for sale in the paper.
Okay.
What kind of wabich are they?
Okay, I have some wabich.
Yeah.
And I have some lopsins, some spotty lopsins, some silent colored lops.
Oh, wonderful.
And I have a straight ear go and I have two dwarfs.
What a dwarf.
They're small radii.
Oh, okay.
We have a farm.
And we like to play with the wabich on a farm.
You wouldn't have to have any like little wabich handcuffs.
Do you want?
Little handcuffs for the wabich.
A handcuffs.
Yes.
I'm sorry I never heard that but once we used them when we hunt them on the farm.
We like to hunt the wabich.
And we take them and nail them to a tree by their ears and in skin and alive.
There was.
Hello.
And now I think that's what you don't do at least, wabich.
Sir, I couldn't say you were ready.
We have a little game we play called all wabich must die.
No sir, no sir, no sir.
I wouldn't say you were ready.
A firm fifty dollars.
I like to hunt the wabich.
Well, it's okay.
You go out in the world and you hunt wabich but these aren't for keel.
I like to put them in a little pin and then hunt them down unmasively.
No sir, I'm sorry.
I wouldn't say you were ready.
Sometimes we even spare them due to head with a rusty water.
Maybe that's what the vice president would like to do.
Put them in a pin and then one of those phony hunting expeditions and I hunt them down mercilessly.
Yeah, that's what they do.
1102 at 560 WQM.
I don't think I'm going to make it to my 30th anniversary.
So what's the date today, the 16th?
I doubt it.
Yeah.
Like two weeks from yesterday.
I don't think I'm going to make it to my 30th anniversary.
Criticslam, Chinese interview choice.
Yeah.
For days, the White House news course,
pounded the Bush administration,
demanding to learn more about vice president,
Dick Cheney's accidental shooting of a hunting companion Saturday.
Cheney finally addressed the incident yesterday,
but the former one he chose to do so,
in an exclusive interview with Fox News host, Brett Hume,
quickly became another source of contention.
Fox News executives cast the stoop as a result of persistence
and the growing clout of the top-rated cable news network.
We've been after the vice president, sorry.
We've been after the vice president since Sunday, as everyone has,
and our efforts paid off to John Moody.
Oh, that could be the same John Moody that drives at Windsor and Hazel Park, couldn't I doubt it?
John Moody, Fox News senior vice president for News Editorial.
I think you wanted to make sure we got a fair interview and a good interview,
good in a sense of thorough and brilliantly preeminent journalist in Washington right now.
That's what Hermann Gehring would tell you, and Joseph Thierbels, and George Gowbal.
But some Democrats in competing broadcasters charge the Cheney Chosespeak only with Fox News
because of a perception that cable-to-table channel is sympathetic to the Republican administration,
a perception, right? They called for the vice president, or the news conference,
with the rest of the media.
Now that he feels forced to talk, he wants to restrict the discussion away friendly news outlet,
guaranteeing no hard questions from the press corps,
Senator Frank Lautenberg, Democrat and the joys he said in the statement.
On CNN, commentator Jack Caferty called the interview,
a little bit like Bonnie interviewing Clyde.
I mean, running away to the Fox Network talking about seeking a safe haven.
The interview came after days of sniping between the White House News Corps and White House press secretary Scott McCone
over why news of non-ingactivity wasn't released earlier than national media.
Supporters of Cheney quoted a non-issue that was only of interest to the media itself, right.
Although Fox News is known for its outspoken conservative commentators,
network officials reject the idea that partisanship creeps into its coverage.
What we try to do is not shut out any points of view, Moody said.
Cheney wouldn't have come to Britt Him if he wanted to softball interview he added,
calling the criticism soured grapes.
Fox News sought to make the most of its exclusive on Wednesday,
or in excerpts of the interview throughout the afternoon.
During an appearance on Studio B with Shepard Smith,
you ferry.
He'll preview the highlights of Cheney's comments,
even as he questioned whether the public was as upset as the White House News Corps
about the administration's handling of the incident.
If my email is any God and the things I'm hearing from just people in the street
that you talk to and people, you know,
I don't think that much of the nation feels especially deprived
and that they found out about this on Sunday afternoon,
or even instead of Saturday night or Saturday morning, Sunday morning,
human said.
What a sense of humor he's got.
A real life riot.
That's a humor.
Yeah, that's what I said.
The best cartoon character of all time on reading only the top few.
Bugs 1 in 185, Homer Simpson 101,
Cartman from South Park 96,
William Wiley, Coyote and Road Runner 60,
Femus and Butt-Head 38, Tom and Jerry 36,
and the Rocky Bulwinkle 36, Superman 32, and Batman's God.
The third man.
So far.
Now, Arianna Huffington was huffing and puffing as hard as you can.
Says,
Cheney talks, the cover up continues.
I don't want to read more than like 2,300 of these stories.
None of this is the last one.
Like I said, there's so many bigger fish to fry.
Where it comes to these grave robbing butchers and murderers.
But this is the kind of thing that can see everybody whipped up into a frenzy,
including the media.
Arianna says, watching Dead Eye Dick Cheney break his silence on Fox.
I kept thinking,
this is what it looks like when a man who's used to getting away with covering up the truth
finally has to explain himself.
He did a lousy job, especially on the key question of why it took so long to let the public know.
He offered a host of reasons for the 18-hour delay.
He was more concerned with taking care of his friend than about notifying the press.
He wanted to make sure Wittington's family got the news before it hit the airwaves.
He didn't know for sure what kind of shape Harry was in.
You need to really wait and nail it down.
And he wanted to make sure the complicated story was given away reporter
with some degree of understanding,
as opposed to the first reporter, Catherine Armstrong spoke to,
who didn't now know the difference between a rifle bullet and a shotgun.
Of course, not these explanations explains the 18-hour delay
or what have precluded the release of a simple announcement.
Even Brett Hume was having a hard time buying into the vice president's justification.
Hume, there's one thing we've all learned over the last several decades
is that if something like this happens, as a rule sooner or is better.
Cheney, well if it's accurate, if it's accurate, this is a complicated story.
Hume, but there were some things, you know, I mean, you knew the man had been shot.
You knew he was injured, you knew he was in the hospital, you knew you'd shot him.
Cheney, correct.
Nevertheless, Cheney insisted on keeping the story under rapture
so long was the right call, and that he's comfortable with the way he did it, obviously.
Obviously, one good thing about your conscience no longer functioning
is that you're comfortable with everything, especially with what washing the truth.
That's what Todd Drex is.
So taking a page from Orwell, Cheney assured us again and again that by keeping the story hidden,
he was already trying to make sure the truth got out.
Indeed, he used the words accurate and accuracy eight times in a short chat with Hume.
Never's accuracy had been invoked more than the name of inaccuracy.
Watching Cheney continue the shooting story cover up reminded me of my own experience
with being stoned while by the Vice President of Staff this summer,
when I stumbled upon the story of that Cheney while in veil for his speech,
I've been taken to the hospital for an EKG.
Check out the four posted in a story here, here, and here she got four links to check,
and you'll see a similar pattern to the way the much bigger shooting story has been handled.
In veil over the space of 48 hours, I got three different stories.
First denial that Cheney was ever at the hospital, second in acknowledgement that he was at the hospital after all,
but only for an old knee injury, and third that he was checked for the knee injury
and afterward was taken to the cardiac unit to have an EKG that only profil actively.
He was taken there and they gave him a profil active animal.
In Texas, Cheney went from saying nothing to having the story brought out in a way that minimized,
that maximized administrations control over it to another out of silence
to finally give an exclusive though far from forthcoming interview to a partisan outlet.
They constantly shifting explanations at multiple levels of denial are utterly familiar
as the refusal to level with the American people.
PS, the human interview contained a pair of Tivo-worthy moments that left me wondering,
did I really hear that and reaching for the replay button?
Tivo, who at Tivo moment number one.
After Cheney walked to whom through these specifics of the shooting,
including a cataloging of winning in his injuries,
he was struck in the right side of his face, his neck, and his upper torso on the right side of his body,
he whom inexplicably followed up with his jaw dropper,
and I take it you missed the bird.
The vice president has just painted a verbal picture of blasting his friend in the face
and Britt is wondering about the bird.
Did you say to the bird, Tivo moment number two,
who massed Cheney if the shooting will affect your attitude toward this past time you so love in the future?
Cheney, I can't say that, you know we canceled the Sunday hunt.
I said, look, I'm not, we're scheduled to go out again Sunday, I'm not going to go on Sunday,
I want to focus on Harry.
Wow, how many guys out there be willing to cancel the Sunday hunt?
The focus on the fate of the man they just blasted in the face with bird shot.
Not many, self-sacrifice in the face of overwhelming temptation.
That's Dick Cheney for you.
You go, area.
Wow.
Look at those fallen's baby, dead is a door nail.
Wow.
Yeah.
How's it getting ready to go into a whole slew of, you know what?
No, you weren't.
Now what?
Where are you?
Well, why not home?
Well, because I thought you had more of these stories about Dick.
No, I do have one of them but it's down about that though.
It's about Cheney says he has the power to decastify information.
He just makes it up as he goes along.
Right.
He's got lots of tourists babies, lots of issues, lots of issues.
I mean, take a look at all of them and you got scooter Libby gate.
You got Jack Abramoff gate.
You got Duke cutting him gate.
You got Tom Delay gate.
You got this bird shot gate.
You got Iraq gate.
Iran gate.
Kyle Elysian gate.
Marshall Mkod gate.
Iraqulate.
And all these.
That was one other I was thinking but Joyce wouldn't approve.
Just take it later.
Right.
The best card, well, I'm not going to read the whole list.
It's unfortunate when we do a poll.
We got 9-11 though on here.
Oh.
And that's interesting 9-11.
9-11 votes.
Do you think there's something symbolic about that?
Oh.
I sure would like to find out where clearance is right now.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
I'm so wild about it.
Hey, really?
And Harry's wild about it.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going, Blondie?
Okay, sir.
Yeah, there's a picture to be off about the whole thing.
Okay.
The exact same thing happened to me.
I was hunting with some friends.
And I got caught hunting without a stamp.
And the game morning came and took about going away.
They locked me up.
I went to court.
They took my hunting license away for a year.
And I had to pay a $3,000 fine.
And I need to shoot somebody.
Well, I will teach you not to do it again, I guess.
Quit poaching.
Yeah.
Quit being a poacher.
Okay.
In other words, yeah, I just got channy got off.
Because he's the VP of this guy.
He wants to go out there and have a stamp.
How about like a 37-cent stamp?
Or is it $39 now?
I'm good confused.
I don't know.
A few people at the post office, by the way, heck of a job.
About minutes after 11 and 5, 60 WQM.
Almost as good as the people at some of the other way.
I don't want to get to go there.
Oh, it's picking up a post office.
Yeah.
I'm related to the email.
I'm finding out that my emails aren't going out for some reason.
Tommy's trying to send me an email from the building here yesterday.
I never got it.
Joe never got the email.
I sent him this morning.
So I think I said because he got returned.
Right.
So we're having problems sending and receiving emails here in the building.
Just thought you might want to know.
I see.
But just in the building.
Because all my other emails are just fine.
Yes.
And how come I got the email at 4.23 yesterday from Clarence, apparently telling Baratik.
Oh, I see.
And it's like everything else.
Kind of like certain kinds of service are sporadic.
Somebody's got it and somebody's you don't.
Oh, but it's easy.
In fact, most of the time you don't.
12 minutes after 11 and 5.60 WQM, we got Geltie into the sand for no-wow.
What a treat that's going to be.
Mad Dog, it's for them at Hurricane Basketball, Childish Crap, and Eddie K. after the basketball game tonight.
And I'll tell you what the Amal Coast continues to set people's ears on end.
Have you ear on reer on end?
The Amal Coast is for this number one Asian gourmet buffet as rated buys to get restaurant review.
And now every Friday through Sunday night at the Amal Coast, enjoy delicious lobster fest featuring main lobster served thermidor style.
Or is that enjoy lobster fest featuring delicious main lobster served thermidor style?
No matter how you slice it, it melts in your mouth.
And every night is crab-fist with a laskin-stowe crab legs, dungeon-is-crab, and jona stone crabs.
The menu still includes fresh oysters on a half-sale and a sushi bar with over 30 different items.
The Amal Coast also serves juicy, delicious, succulent New York steak cooked just the way you like them to your order and hand-carved prime rib.
And zillions of Chinese-Nethered Lices as well on it menu.
Man, everything is fresh and delish.
And on the weekends for dessert leave room for the Amal Coast's famous 40-inch chocolate fountain.
You can end up your own strawberries in that thing.
Marshmallow stick all kinds of decadent treats in there and people will just be breathless watching you eat those things down.
Check out their new Auditake-Need sushi bar featuring sashimi, tuna tataki, over 20 different types of sushi rolls and much more.
The Amal Coast has got three convenient locations for you.
You'll find them in sunrise, sunny hours beach, and crispy just pepper pies.
Reservations suggested you want a real pig-out man.
If you're like frustrated because you work with a bunch of idiots, if you're frustrated because people lie and cheat, and you just want to go and just eat yourself into oblivion.
This is the place to do it.
The Amal Coast for reservations call 954-572-3822.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62-88.
The Rogers, guys.
I'm dying to live here.
Absolutely.
Anybody here?
See Jack gave from home.
He and his orange jumpsuit and foot dog run.
He's screwed a lot of people, but he sometimes get caught.
But dog is the rioting Neil comes.
Anybody here?
See good fresh and soft food?
The people roll round their tongue.
He's not the biggest animal for truth before he's done.
Taking a shower with his son.
Avers and eyes is what the White House is capable of.
Or it is Christians who know what's best for you and me.
Averball, that means he was in some people.
In other words, do we have anybody here?
Please take the time to lay me in.
Gordish, skeleton, hot the hoys.
These times of slides they've longed and can't stay wild.
Averball doubts him and comes.
This backseat is shocking.
Thanks a lot Stan.
Yes, Stan says.
I've been listening since my first day on WKAT March 1, 1976.
Oh my god Stan, you must be an old fart like me.
But anyway, thanks so much for promoting Firefox.
My grandson Blake Ross invented it.
We like that guy.
By the way, Ross Marlowe is off guiding light.
He's on another soap now.
Everybody else on that show?
What a joke.
Anyway.
Can you believe this?
Yeah, I believe it.
Blake has started a new company and has a new invention which will be on the market
surely.
Please read his website BlakeRoss.com and his blog, Look Under Schmutz, You'll Have A Good
Lath.
I wonder if that's Brian Schmutz.
We got one guy in our sales department just came back.
A great guy Brian Schmutz.
He's a real salesperson and we like him a lot and he's a real guy.
Anybody else I'm missing?
No.
Let me think about it.
Is I guess Billy's long gone, huh?
Oh yeah.
What about Bethesdale?
Of course he just started.
Don't forget.
Of course.
You are not alone guys.
Of course.
He's been.
Hey, Muff, if you send me one more email today, I'm going to come there personally and
blow your brains out.
You're a good guy but leave me alone already.
This radio station, this is a prediction.
We'll put me in an early grave.
That guy that called a couple times, I want to know when I'm going to die so we can come
and honor me in my funeral.
I'm going to be giving you a date sometime in the next few days.
Because this station is well on a way to put him in an early grave.
So it's just the way they do things, okay?
Like I said, and of course you would hank our mesmerized.
I'm glad I'm happy that you're happy.
That's good.
I'm not.
Because there are just little things that don't require, we don't require it convening the United
Nations, having a big committee meeting, calling it all the aborted directors of the
recently broadcasting BBG, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I,
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I
is
Jesus Abraham, Solomon, Martin and John,
about the Thompson and Tom,
and you're sending me work cards.
What are you saying?
You can go then.
I'm going back to this.
I really am.
I love it, I love it.
Why are you doing this?
First you sent me that iodine thing
and I sent me freaking card too.
There was funny.
I don't have time to read him.
Don't you understand?
Well then you put him to the side.
I don't wanna put him to the side.
I'm gonna wipe my ass with him.
I was at.
From the hobbit?
Oh geez, you said that.
I was thinking more of Jesus.
All right.
WDQYM, hello.
Yeah, I know.
Alfred E. Newman.
Good one.
And who would have ever known
that he'd send me become president?
Very exactly.
And on that note, what scares me the most
is the 39% that start thinking he's doing a good job.
Yeah, where did they find those people?
Well, I know where they find them
like in Texas and Alabama and Arkansas and Oklahoma.
That's where that vitamin added, of course.
And of course in the pain handling
floor down over there in Tampa
and the lutes in Temple Terrace.
That's where they find those people.
It's like Steve O'Rite said,
he's traveling across the country
he'd rather be on the edges.
Don't forget, there's a lot of trailer parks in the USA.
Hello.
Take care, Neil.
Alfred E. Newman, you got it?
We gotta go zooming up that list.
What?
Me worry?
Right.
Excellent point.
Have you seen Ross Perot and Alfred E. Newman together?
No, nothing.
WDQYM, hello.
Before we're done over there in Tampa.
QA?
Yeah, yeah, like speak to Neil Prince.
Speaking.
Neil, how you doing?
Good.
Hey, listen, two things I like to vote on
P-body and Sherman.
Oh, good excellent choices.
And I can't wait for Saturday night life
when they do a thing about Shane.
OK.
OK.
Thanks, Tony.
Right.
P-body and who?
Oh, and Sherman.
Now that was a offshoot of,
maybe it wasn't really.
No, it was part of the show.
Rocky, it was part of Bullwinkle.
Yes.
But still are different characters, though.
Absolutely.
You know, we have a little offshoot.
And Schmendrik on there, we've had a journey.
We have that.
But during the show they had a graphic fairy tale.
Thank you.
It's not that big of a book.
It's a paperback, although it is, I don't know, 260 pages.
So it's not that small.
It's sizable paperback.
Welcome Foolish Mordals, life and voices of Paul Freeze.
Like this one, for the poor, by June Corane.
There you go.
Good night.
Tell me, do you write?
Write.
No, have got to do well.
Let's get him on the right one.
Listen, I know my Bullwinkle man.
You're messing with a wrong guy, Paul.
How do you know your Bullwinkle?
Winkle, Winkle.
This is a great book.
Thanks again, chicken act for this book.
This is really good.
And this guy was very talented.
All these people were talented.
And they said part of it is other than June 4, they're all dead.
Hans Conn Reed, Dawes Butler, Bill Scott, Bill Conroy, William Conrad.
And now, of course, Paul Freeze, they're all dead.
We did all those voices for Rocky and Bullwinkle and Dudley Do Right and Dudley Do Wrong,
and so on and so on.
Maybe our clients could take Do The Voice for Dudley Do Wrong.
He's your good-lucky practice.
Seriously, I would like to take a, you know, you'd have told me you had a flat tire this morning.
Yeah.
I'd like to take the crowbar out of your trunk.
The tire?
The tire?
The tire wouldn't be good, too.
And just shove that thing back down inside Karen's body and like spin it around a few times,
give an old airplane spin with that tire on and see if that'll like grind any sense in his hand.
I don't know what a four-parter says.
Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16.
Q.A.
You'd crushed back in?
Mr. Gonzalez is the true that you as White House Council wrote the memo which basically
OK is the use of non-traditional interrogation of combatants of A.K.A.
torture to gather information.
Oh, and that is not correct, Senator.
Mr. Gonzalez, would you like a minute to think about that answer?
No, Senator.
I didn't know.
OK.
One more time, Mr. Gonzalez.
I never thought I'd get away with it.
Now before I release the dog, Mr. Gonzalez, may I suggest if you like your family jewels
in one piece?
Senator, I never...
OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK
OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK
OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK
OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK
OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK
OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK
OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK
OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK
OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK
OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK
OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK
OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK
OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK
OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK
OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK
OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK
OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK
OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK
OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK
OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK. OK, OK, OK, OK. OK, OK, OK
There's a cyber space, pushes watching you
Fown your answer, rain
He'll be dropping
There is no such thing as privacy pushes watching you
Or counts you see
Stunnerly, totally
He's even got some clips
But he was both dead
Just
Never seen you all day
Never was you safe
From that simple hello
To that deep tissue, go pushes watching you
You're gonna call it on tape
Where the sea on tape pushes watching you
Good news, I finally got the quail hunt to work
Oh, very good
The Janie quail hunt, yeah, and the only problem is that I picked off whoever was on the right of that group there
Yeah
Game over, somehow you managed to miss the quail
Better luck next time
Feel free to hit reload or refresh try again
This time was slightly, slightly better aim
Yeah, I got everybody eventually
This is a hoot
Oh, you got them all?
Oh, yeah
You know what they say to White House, went and doubt, wipe them out
I did
You either with or against it
1024 votes, Jay, how do you like that way over the thousand markets, not even noon yet?
Not amazing?
Pretty amazing for a week poll like this
Yeah, for a very week poll, I think it's a childish and you know, it's not important
Some of the polls that when the history of the human race is written, they'll say
Wow, February 16 2006, did you hear that?
Did you see that?
Did you see that bring it fast from Jay?
Hey Jay, I got a suggestion for you, okay let's see
Five words, blow it out your ass, so dig to any of the questions
What do you call it, KD?
WQA and hello
Oh, I speak to Neil
Speaking
Play me, you know, just wondering if you have Tom and Jerry on the poll?
Tom and Jerry are on there and they're doing, not to bad, they got 40 votes
Oh, okay, my opinion that was the best
That was the best?
Yeah, yeah, my kids still watch it today
Okay, I guess I'm just out of touch with Tom and Jerry
Thanks, Pally
Thanks, Pally
You watch Tom and Jerry, I don't watch cartoons anyway, unless you count some part of the cartoon
As you get older, you realize there's a difference between stuff that was good enough when you were a kid and stuff that stands at test of time
Oh, and I'm not gonna see that's bad
Like Rocky and Bullwinkle for example is always funny no matter how old you get, you know, bugs, bunny cartoons
But Tom and Jerry, you know, I watched it again years later and it was like, oh, they look at that the hurtiest thing
I gave me, but I do believe that stuff is
Yeah, it did
Okay, well that's what he's saying about
Well, I take it one thing, in fact, if we had to choose those upper ones here, I would vote for Carmen, certainly first to head of bugs of money and the Homer Simpson
For as just for laughs
Oh, I just, right, genius
You can't even describe it, it's so hysterical
Especially when Tom and John were holding it together in a closet door
Oh my god
Oh, this is really what the Scientologists believe
And that was where the way they could put it on the screen
Like, we know you're laughing at this, but guess what? This is really what they believe
They believe this, they believe over Lord Zee-New
WNQ-I-M, hello
Yes
It is Neil?
Sounds like me
Sweet, yo, Neil, you have to have master's shake on your pole
Master's shaky, shaking it
Do you know who it is?
No
Now, I'm the team on your porch
Oh, okay
So third on
Okay, thanks
Put it on there, throw it on
I haven't watched Aqua-Tone on your porch, I'm sorry, I apologize
Sorry, sorry, sorry
You're like three in the morning for Christ's sake
Am I allowed to take a pass on that? You can pass
I mean, I rather watch the supernatural myself
It's good, but...
See, when you get to be my age, you're not really that much into cartoon characters anymore and you're like living and breathing people
Like, get with the pops
Right, oh, I'm with it, believe me
Except what I'm with this place, oh my god
No, you're laughing, I'm not exactly what you're gonna do
This just never ends, either laugh or not
You're laughing, right?
They never end the experience, you know
We're not talking about rocket science, we're not talking about asking for the moon with green cheese on it
We're not asking to reinvent the transmitter to go eight million watts
To give us a 90's share and a 50 million dollar bonus
I mean, all of those things would be nice, but nobody's asking for that
Just a little, you know, and you know what really cracks me up
Is this situation which I can't go into details on here, but I was asked yesterday, it was kind of an offer you can't refuse
Do it for Joe, the new boss, do this for all...
Okay, so I did it, and what do I get in return?
Nothing, nothing!
You know what I'm saying?
What he said?
What I get in return is a lot of service, baby, a lot of glee in aggravation
And, oh, this one didn't do this, and Todd direct didn't do that, and Clarence is off to an abasque volume
And Joe is down there at kiss because Greg won't take his crap out of the office, and our general manager doesn't have a place to sit
When you saw Greg in the hallway the other day, he has no authority over you anymore
You should have said, hey, Jack, ask why don't you get your crap out of there already so the good guy can sit in there and get some stuff done here
Why don't you say that?
Sorry, I was going to put the admiring of the jacket
Is that what it was?
The head is nice, a little faggy haircut there, his Louis McGill haircut, or the plot jacket
And his births brother, Jacket, probably was green too, probably wearing this today
Hey, Greg, go away already, we're going to play this just go away
Clean all that boxes of crap out of there
In fact, you know something, I just thought of a great new revenue stream
Yeah, I just made one
That's a great one
That's a great one, fact
Yeah, God only knows what he's gotten those cartons that's been there for like a hundred years at QAM
Probably some really neat memorabilia and media
And especially all the sports stuff, can you imagine how much money we could make with that?
We got some in this studio too
Right, let's start
What do we sure do?
And I know just so we could bring in to sell it on the website
Well, I'm not even getting started yet, you'll see
5670560, you guys okay?
Oh, I'm looking at you
Look at me, look at me
How high is 60?
Yeah, seriously, it's like I was saying to Jordan before the show
Ordinarily when a dog makes a mess, you know on the floor and you discover and you scream and like
Oh, Jesus, the dog will either like go into the corner and kind of like, you know
Try to curl itself up against the wall or go in the other room and hide, you know
Put his head between his legs and like hide and embarrassment because he knows he's done something wrong
And price to lay low for a while till you get over being peeled
But in Grace case, even he doesn't know anybody
And he just keeps running around oblivious because he's still
He's still beginning to big bucks for basically walking around being a big shot
Oh, I'll be sure to say I don't need a lot
And everybody come and say
And you wouldn't even invite him to be growing your way party for Grace
So I think that says a lot
As he hit it, you like poison and the feeling of course is mutual
5670560, pound 56 and the Verizon WQAM, hello
QAM
Yeah, the WB frog, everybody does the mission to run
That will be run
Right, I'll leave that to you
WQAM, hello
Frog have a name
Hello
Hello
Hello, you love my black man, hello
Yeah, still black man, why should work on okay, lighten up a little bit about three shades
WQAM, hello
Hello, Q
What's going on?
How you doing sir?
Man, I had two good ones for you probably yesterday but I couldn't get through
You know what I know what they were?
No
Okay, today for the poll, how about Optimus Prime?
Who is it?
Optimus Prime, that's George, you'll know
Optimus Prime?
Yes, well everybody under 40 knows
Oh, I don't know
He'll know
Okay, that's wrong, that's wrong
Yes
Don't know
Okay, thanks
I have no idea what you're talking about, Transformers
Just a different character
Don't know nothing about Optimus, pessimus
He's a little Megatron but he'll do
Okay, Megatron is the coolest
Do you want to know what tomorrow's poll is?
All right
Well, maybe if you stay tuned I might tell you
This one may be a little rotten
Eric's already got it on there
Yes, nice car Eric, it's universal
Hey, yes
It's more hard to do
And this portion of the Neal Rogers of your 12-to-1 hour
Is brought to you by the Liddett 12
One-to-2-4-5-6-8-5-11-12
The Lices of Pizza
All for me
And air, tough, tough, tough, tough, tough, tough, good oil
In theaters now
When a stranger calls
Hello
Hi, this is Paul from Surprise, Mike's son
We have great news for you regarding the content, sir
Hello
You're lucky Jill
We were so thrilled to find your babies that are at the last minute
Paul
This is great to have an iconic eye
The entry form that you had built out as
Keep some cool
And you're safe inside that house
What are you doing?
And what do you want?
Hello
Unfortunately, it's the next time again
But we have this list
Stop calling me
Jill, it's the police, we trace the call
It's coming from inside the house
Here, please, it's coming from inside the house
The stranger calls
You guys have actually wanted one of our top four major prizes
Wooo
Okay, 12-0-5-60-WDQ-A-Mum-Go-Home
1056 votes on there, isn't Q56
And look at the ones that have zero
Yeah, we're looking
I mean, I just, I can't believe it
Can't the Marvel, okay, I guess Chazam went out with the Nickers, all right?
Right
And Pikachu, well, I guess if you were a
What age of five?
But Alphardine Newman?
Pikachu
Alphardine Newman?
I don't think I know votes
He reads Mad Magazine anymore
I mean, some of us grew up on it, but
I don't read Mad Magazine anymore, in other words
In other words, I still have to read it to like it
Or to think that it was great?
No, no, I guess, but you have to read it to the right
Don Mark, we're of five versus five
I gotta be reading that, I think he's dead by the way, Don Mark.
No, but I have to have read it at some point in your life
To know who those people are
Right
So, I'll just say that all the people in whom I had magazine
Alphardine Newman, they're all dead now
Or you go watch Mad TV too, he's
That's very epitaph of Mad TV
Right
The picture, but they don't necessarily
He's everywhere
Every day there's a press conference he's on there
What else wrong with you, Mon?
We're in a speed of demand
Renee Provo was declared the winner of Hades' presidential election today under an agreement
between the interim government and electoral council
Stabby off a crisis over the last place disputed vote
And the Western Hemisphere's poorest country
How about coughing up a few shuckles for the Mahasians?
What do you say?
No, no chance
When nearly all those counted, Provo had been just shy of the 50.1% margin need to go ahead and run off
And under an agreement, yeah, but they were subtracted, yeah, whatever
In other words, they fixed it up
Sort of avoid any more murder and bloodshed, they're going to make him a...
El President, they headed the interim government
And then maybe they'll do it again and have some more writing in the streets
And people say, I'll just go on source of our baseballs and put acting like that
And go back and starve again, is what people say
Well, I'm telling you, it's just the way it works
And then they'll turn around and say, she can't understand why these poor sluppers
I'll keep showing up here in these rafts and boats and getting smuggled under our shores, you know
What do they want?
Oh, speaking of evildoers, oh my god
Angela Merkel, the German chancellor, may sit over for a cup scot
Oh, this is a must-be tape, it is
She was just down there with the fewer again with the Bushmeister
Oh, the leap and tonic bla
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60
Don't forget when Todd Red comes in there, just look at him and go
I don't wanna
That's all, let's say that
No matter what it is, somebody QYM, hello
QYM
They did, I like
Yes?
Hey listen, I see a couple on there, I'm wondering, you got Mickey Mouse on it?
Of course we got Mickey Mouse on the other side
I mean, I don't know, man
What's wrong with you, my name is Mickey Mouse
I'm not sure if I was in a mighty mouse, it's a jupy dog
Yogi bear ought to be on there
Yeah, he got me
Mighty Mouse designer, what was the last one?
Jupy dog, speedy, Gonzalez, typey-loose
Speedy, that's all
The less play that my pet bull in the speedy, Gonzalez, what's wrong?
I'm off it's your hand in there too
If I speedy, Gonzalez, my pet bull in the other one
And I'm down in the community
50 play the Fupy dog, be alert
Yeah
I don't know if I'm Fupy dog, I'm sorry
I know all of them are, that's a good one
People on it, that sounds like in the east, the east, the east
Let me say it, oh yeah, oh that one
Yeah, I do need that
Yeah, of course you do, everything you do
What was that other dog with the, oh yeah, can you, that was the bull-winkel dog, what was the one?
It was a moon that's night
Which one, the one with a quick drum agron
Or augi doggy and doggy daddy
Now, the one that used to do the, when they used to do the nursery rhymes
With Edward Everton
Right, the fractured furry tails
What was that dog, there was a dog?
Yeah
A doggy used to do, huh?
I'm thinking the dog you do, okay, you're gonna look up fractured furries
5670560, pound 560 in the horizon
So, there's like any million choices on here
And Jade, all of a sudden his pool is really weak
Because he's too intellectual to be worried about like cartoons
And the funny papers
Even in the godfather, Marlon Brando was talking about with Michael Corleone
He even reads the funny papers
Remember that, right?
And the down Corleone thought that was most amusing
Remember in the, they're in the car on a way to Louise in the Bronx
So, lotso, a closky is driving
I know he's not driving, he's sitting in the passenger seat in the front
And he turns around and frisked Michael
What I want, I don't want anybody bothering my father again
Remember a Michael, the Santa, that can barely talk his nose is broken
And the snot keeps running down his nose
And McCloskey said, I missed my chance, I am the hunted one
Remember that?
That's right
And I was a good scene, I am the hunted one, I had my chance
Hit him with five shots and he's still alive
WCYM, hello
I wonder if that was Dick Taney saying that, QYM
Or maybe maybe I made me say lotso said I hit him with bird shot and he's still alive
WCYM, hello
Hello
Yes sir
Oh, sorry, I need to know what's going on
Your idea was Mr. Peabody, Mr. T-Body, right? Mr. Peabody was a dog
We already talked about that
Oh, I'm sorry
That was a different, that wasn't fractured, very sorry
Oh, well whatever it was
And what about Mr. McGoo?
Mr. McGoo, Jim Beckus
I was afraid when I never, I was afraid when I never, I was afraid when I was going to bring that one back
Yeah, I was afraid Jim Beckus back, he was a hoot
Okay, thanks a lot, Kelly
Jim Beckus was on an awful Gilligan's island show but he was also on eye
Mary Jones, before you were born, a million year old, for your born
Jim Beckus was funny guy, yes he was
And he did the voice of Mr. McGoo
Yes he did
No, Mr. McGoo is not on there, that's what I'm telling you man
We've got a lot of work to do with Mr. McGoo
And Peabody, do we have Peabody on there?
Durant Peabody should be on there
Oh, they are on there, Sherman and Peabody, that's right
Sorry
The Peabody and his daughter
Sorry, Mr. I better run down the hole, I'm sorry
The best cartoon character of all times is a thousand 69 votes
We'll have 1100 before you can say Jason Idiot
By the way Mr. McGoo is on there
Oh, sorry
Well, you know when you got 4,000 monitors, trying to hurt your card
Or a hard to heap hack
Bugs Bunny 192, Bugs has got it I think
Homer Simpson 122, Cartman from South Park 111
Come on man, he makes Bugs Bunny seem like a Dodo bird
You kidding me?
Even an old coot like me says that
You know, Wiley Cody and the Roadrunner said
I only wish there was more South Park movies
I gotta be honest with you
I voted for Cartman for what it's worth and you're right
There does need to be a series of them
Yes
Wiley Cody and the Roadrunner 71
Beavis and Butthead 45
Now don't we have like maybe we don't
I thought we had a Beavis and Butthead
Something happened here
Oh, we got
And now it's the continuing episodes of Beaver and Butthead
That's cool
Oh, let's see, I don't think I want to take that too
We have like 5 or 6 of them
We have this one to say
How do you think you mean?
Oh yeah
Rocky and Bull Michael 43
Should be way up higher than that
What is rough?
What's wrong with you people
Who did more for cartoons
And for amusing us, for amuse you
I just can't deal with it
Bugs Bunny's got a hundred out of 82
And Rocky and Bullwick are got 43
Tom and Jerry 41
Superman 37
Batman 35
Mickey Mouse 30
Mickey Mouse has got what?
3rd man
Charlie Brown 26
What they'll just happen there
Thing just
Oh, he just changed again
Superman 37
Batman 35
Mickey Mouse 30
Fred Flintstone, Brandy Rumble 26
Charlie Brown 26
SpongeBob SquarePants 25
Charlie Brown and Snoopy
22
See, why didn't we do that?
I mean, there's separate characters
Who doubled up a bunch of them now?
Okay
I don't know, Rennon, Snoopy is 16
Snoopy, see, and then there's Snoopy again 16
See what I mean?
We can piss it
Who don't that?
If that's Snoopy off it or pleaser it
If the first there would be Charlie Brown
Let Charlie stand on his own
Alright, we'll separate them
Snoopy 16, Scoopy new 15
Daffy duck 15
Speed racer 12
Mickey Mouse 12
Popeye 12
Boris batted off an attache of fetal 11
Donald Duck 11
Mr. McGoo 11
Santority was on there
Underdog 11
Felix the Cat 8
Woody Woodpecker 6
Darius 6
Hatt
Yogi Bear and Boo Boo
Wow, whatever, you say Darius, I say Darius, I say Darius, I say Darius
Yogi Bear and Boo Boo 6
Heckle and Jekyll 6
I like them a lot
They were like I said
And I say they were magpies
Yes, they are
And what is the really such a thing as a magpie?
Absolutely
There is
Scavenging Blackbirds
Not like a Macaw
Very similar, yes
I see
Topcats 6, Betty Boop 6
I see a cat by her, Macaw's a parrot
Bobby Hill from the King of the Hill 5
Tweety and Sylvester 5
They were good
Barton Lisa Simpson 5
Dick Tracy 5
I had my Dick Tracy watch when I was a kid
You know, I used to sit in
Yeah
Did it actually, was it a walkie talkie?
Did it actually work like a walkie talkie?
No, I didn't think so
I don't like a little two-cent piece of crap
But you get like the box top from like a person
Kind of kill or something
And you send it in with long, 40 cent
And you get that Dick Tracy?
I loved it, Tracy
But explain something to me
Because I tried to read those comic scripts when they were still running in the newspapers
Yes
I thought they were boring as dog crap
Would they just go over my head or what?
Yeah, they were good
And like to know how many
Plus they were in English
I see
Dick Tracy, well, what I live off here
I don't know where I am anymore
What's he got?
I don't know what the hell is he
I got a certain point in this thing
I was doing just fine
Maybe he got 20 votes and then moved up the list
Did he get 20?
I don't know
Maybe 30
What a hell is he?
How many is he got?
You find him right now
I think I'm losing my mind
This is a...
Oh, there he is
Quite a bad problem
Almost done
Craig Martin, family guy 4
Peter from family guy 4
Fan out with 4
Wonder Woman 3
Dudley do right
Dudley do right
He only got 2
Elmer Fud is only got 2
Jesus, porky pigs only got a small pair
Space goes 2
Bill from schoolhouse rock 2
George the jungle 2
Gumby 2
The powder puff girls 2
Power puff
Power puff
What about, but I'm a cheerleader
That was not a game the other day
And you'll never guess
I didn't want to yet
Oh hell
Let's get this face
No
Joe Polo could 2
One for Jessica from Roger Rabbit
One for Alvin the Chipmunk
Come on only one for poor Alvin
Tom Terrific one
Winning the poo one
Arthur one
Gerald McBoyne going one
And Jellica Pickles one
I wonder if that's like
Jero Keach's related her
You know them
Pickle people
I don't
Yeah, you do
Rokieach
Great one
And no votes for Michigan J Frog
Which I never heard of that
That's the problem
That I was talking about
Oh, I never heard of that
You see that card said
No, I haven't
Sure, yeah
Master shake none
Peabody none
Sherman none
We put them on separate
And they still have
How can they have none?
I don't know
Maybe let's put them on together
See if they do
Maybe there's a little bit too intellectual peabody
You know, he's far that was
Everywhere Ever Horton
Alfred Inouman has none
I mean, come on people
Heathcliff none
Josie and the pussycat's done
Pikachu has none
And Captain Marvel
Shazam
He's still got his cape on
But you have any votes
God
Oh, right in the middle of lunch hour
And Sean says this thing about
Gross things people
Blow their nose in a restaurant
Oh, good pull, Sean
But I'll put that on
Covered up a little bit
Right in the middle of lunch hour
He wants to discuss things like that
Like sliding oysters down their throat
Right
He's got things on there
We can't even begin to talk about it
No, I'm sure of that
Oh, does he?
We haven't even read them all
I did
I see
I don't even understand what that means
And I couldn't begin to explain it to you
What does some of those mean?
They don't fit in the cards
I have to tell you all
How many Sean said it
A lot of pressure, okay?
A lot of pressure
12 minutes past
No wonder a lot of pressure
I'll tell you that
I feel like my brains are going to explode right in my eyes
Go, by the way
The guy that keeps writing in characters for our crumb comics
Nobody has ever heard of the
The character that he's talking about
No matter how many times he finds it
What's the character?
The toilet
The, well just that's where to stick those
The faxes man
And the toilet
Love our crumb
But nobody ever heard of those characters
I've never heard of any of that
Groovy guy
Give it a rest already
I think I can't forget about these faxes
From that iodine crap
By that way, iodine
We're not reading your faxes anymore
We're tired of you
And that Riley creeped too
Laying down the law this year
Laying down the law
1213 already
We got a gilded coming
And he'd come in a little early
If he wants like about the 1230
It would be good
And when you're shopping for shoes
Comfort fit and value
That's what it's all about
Anybody knows that
And if you want to always get those
And make sure you get a perfect fit every time
Then head your ass over to brandy shoes
For the most comfortable fit
And your favorite style
And the top brand name is a shoes
Like Rockport
Echo, Floreshine
SAS, Mephisto
New Balance
All the others
And Brandy's professional shoe fitters will make damn sure
You got a customized fit of that favorite comfort shoe
As per Arnie, he'll take good care of you
Don't forget Brandy's even specializing
Wide wits as well
And probably hard to find a most shoe stores
You want them?
They got them
So Brandy is worth your trip from just about anywhere in town
For that unbeatable combination
Comfort style fit, value, and selection
Always think first of brandy shoes
You'll find Brandy's the 1290
North Federal Highway
And most prestigious Pomato Beach
Brandy's open every day
Monday through Saturday till 9
And every Sunday till 5
And this week again
Is a stupendous time to buy your SAS shoes at Brandy's
Because you can still take 20 to 40 bucks extra off the retail price
Of all great men's and women's SAS styles this week
So be sure to get your fat ass model into Brandy's this week
Or do your shoe shopping online
Right on their website at brandys shoes.com
This is Neil Rogers
This is 560 QAL
What the hell are you doing to me?
What do you mean sir?
Why am I reading in the paper?
You're gonna put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn?
Well sir, we're just scouting locations
Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs! You are killing me!
But sir, we've done what New York City Times Square
We're not in street
Hang on!
Raymond!
Raymond!
Come on, Mabaccio!
Don't quit, Raymond! Get that blue bird out of here!
Oh, me, boss!
I, sir, look who we don't admit down man
Had 40 seconds to eat is incredible
I don't want public land, I supported that
But you took all the porn away!
You're killing me! I'm going through Gabblescom like Pizz!
We're just scouting areas calm down!
Wait for me but, Munch, don't tell me to calm down!
We got lucky with Lee Lowen's Stitch, $128 million!
Now, you're trying to ruin my whole network!
What kind of programming are you running?
Hang on a minute!
Raymond!
Get that blue bird crap all over your shoulder!
Bring yourself up for heaven's sake!
And time off the module cleaner!
Good God!
Sir, the network is fine!
Why couldn't you come up with American Idol?
Good God, you're still running James Bond movie!
There's 60 years old!
Why don't you just put steamboat william on and be done with it?
Lisa, I make a couple of damn dollars!
Well, the movie division's fine!
You mentioned we were in Stitch and now we have the new M Night Shummel on movie coming out later this summer!
I know, it's fine! What the hell does that mean? Stop sign, yield sign!
You've got to start swinging some of these titles past me!
Please!
Raymond!
Raymond!
Get in here, you bastard!
I know you can't hear me, Raymond!
You're still running on the vacuum cleaner!
You're done mad, Bob!
Get out of here, Raymond!
You take that blue bird with you!
Alright, I'm sorry!
Yes, sir!
I'd be very careful the next time I started my car!
Why were you...
What do you mean, sir?
I'm not done with you!
What?
I'm not done!
Sir, I'm not done with you!
I'm not done with you!
You're terrible!
I'm sorry!
Baby, I put lemons in there!
I don't want to be president of Disney Remus!
Oh, man!
What a wonderful day!
Get out of here, you nut thang!
Twenty afternoon in 560 W.Q.A.M.
I'm going to breach in here.
You're reaching for it?
Oh, no, this is a good stuff!
It's a good stuff.
She may be smart enough, this is from what?
Where is this from?
Palm Beach Post.
She may be smart enough to earn millions from her acidic political bar of his,
but when it comes to something as simple as voting in her tiny hometown,
hardcore, right wing pundit and coders attack confused, hey, and...
You're fairie!
Palm Beach County Supervisor Elections Records show,
coder voted last week in Palm Beach's council election.
Problem is, she can't develop an appreasing four miles north of the one where she owns a home,
and that could be a big no-no!
No, no!
Coder owns a $1.8 million crib on Cbre's Avenue,
should have voted in precinct 1198.
It covers most homes on her street.
Instead, record show, she voted in precinct 1196
at the northern tip of the island.
And I think this is just the tip of the iceberg, don't you?
I'm sure.
Tip of the Goldberg.
A favor on the college speaking circuit.
And the occasional target of cream pies to the face.
Coder registered as a Republican, no kidding,
with these supervisors off as June 24th.
That's three months after she bought the home and moved to Palm Beach from Manhattan.
Here's the sticky part for the rights lady McVeth.
She wrote down an Indian road address instead of Cbre's on her vote as registration application,
and she signed a certify the information is true.
She never lived there.
Since Suzanne Frisbee, owner of the Indian Road Home,
I'm Anzvielter.
I know she used this address to forward mail when she moved from New York.
Coder didn't respond to requests for comment,
but the blonde GOP pit bulls from her agent,
Joni Evans, last year toll page,
to the Coder left near city to escape stalkers.
I like that.
So I like all the Islam they might have in Florida, like OJ,
and MJ, and all of these things.
All of these things.
Todd Dreck.
Rest my case.
All of us in bad puppy news, man.
Oh, no.
A canon contender from this week's Westminster Kennel Club dog show is missing.
He ran away after escaping from a travel cage at J.F. Kennedy International.
The dog, a female whippet named Volmes-S-Lavigne,
was scheduled to travel with her owners on a Delta flight to California from New York,
where the dog showed her place when she broke free from her cage about noon and ran like hell.
And can you blame her?
No.
People that subject their dogs to this, it's just like it's the same as like Jon and Bene Ramsey.
It's the same crap, right?
Oh, the dog and Bene Ramsey.
Love it.
Not evidence.
Right.
By the way, we don't hear too much about that anymore, except now,
oh, they didn't do it in the auto-apologize, but why?
No.
I still think they did.
I still think they were abusive parents.
Florida Authority Police said they dispatched a helicopter aid in the search for several hours when Zane said the dog was spotted in marshlands around the airport,
but authorities on the ground were unable to catch her.
She's running for her life.
She don't want to be subjected to this crap in no more.
According to American Whippet Club, I knew they had that in Amsterdam.
I didn't have that in America.
So they get around.
The American Whippet Club, they whip it as a medium sized member of the Sighthound family,
and it's very similar in appearance to a Greyhound only a little schmar.
So it's a little Greyhound.
Thought a whip it was something you did with the catacool with.
Oh.
A whip it.
Whippet.
So Ann Coulter can't figure out where to hold a vote, and the dogs that have been abused by their owners are running away, which is good.
They got free.
Right, Ranzia the Chief at the end of Kuhuznest.
Yeah.
When he finally lifted up that damn sink, and just took out a running start and smacked it through the window,
and went racing out there into the woods never to be seen again.
Got a little tear, I think.
I think he went to him and Johnny Horton went north to Alaska, if you ask me.
Remember what you were saying?
He was going to Alaska.
Right.
Too bad that old Mr. Rwatsuddinam couldn't go with him.
It all worked out because that was the inspiration for it, but then it met Murphy.
Yeah, what was the name J.P. McMurphy?
I think so, yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I just seen it the other day.
I want my cigarette out of that scene.
But that scene is so great.
I mean, all the scenes in all the movies all the time, the scene where he just goes ballistic.
And finally, Jack Nicholson gets so exasperate, he smashes the window and reaches in there
and grabs the curtain of cigarettes and here, he's shot up all right.
And he's just going crazy.
Well, I mean, he's not going.
Another great part of the movie is where he finds out that pretty much everybody there is voluntary.
Right.
He's one of the few that can't leave one every one right.
Including Billy Babbab-Babbab-Billy Babbab-Bibbit.
Right.
You people want to be in here, you must be nuts.
Oh, wait.
Poor little Danny DeVito.
W.C.Y.M. Hello.
My team.
Mr. Martini.
I think this guy just had a couple of your vice president.
W.C.Y.M. Hello.
Paul Neal.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
Good.
He's speaking of Cartman.
George is probably seeing the skin of Cartman telling that a wrist-to-crack joke.
Have you seen that yet?
Has it been in the movie?
Yeah, it was in the movie the original.
I'll send you a copy of the movie if you want Neal.
Really?
Really, old money.
No, I've seen the movie.
What do you want to send me to the movie?
I've seen the movie.
And also, Neal, one more thing.
That Eisner's skin that you only put in.
Well, what is that?
It's so funny.
It's an Eisner's skin.
It's a Mickey and Eisner's skin.
That's what it is.
It's really funny.
No, I'm glad you enjoyed it.
OK.
You go to hell, you dad.
Exactly.
56670560, 560.
Oh, look at that.
There's a pigeons flying runner.
And looks like Katie Kirich's out of my mouth.
Can you clean it up, scraping up that pigeon poo?
And putting it where Matt Lauer's hair used to be?
Well, that whole thing, man.
You talk about vanilla.
What are all of that?
Goodness.
Let's see.
NBC, that they're still molting from the embarrassment.
And I wish that I found an alternative to Brian Williams,
because he's starting to read it out.
I was just going to say that because now that they're recovering the Olympics of gold.
So the NBC news is the Olympics news now.
So there's nothing to watch.
Right.
And not only that, but almost everything they have on it is taped in the beginning.
Plus, I don't watch any of it anyway.
But I'm reading about people, ripping Chris Zelkovich in the star,
just ripping them in an ass for the fact that they put stuff on taped.
And nobody knows whether it's taped or live or happening.
And then the other deal he does, he spends about five minutes on it,
giving the results.
Okay, if you don't want to know the results, we'll put them on a screen.
Turn your eyes away.
Let's know what's pushing.
But none of that bothers me as much as that terino crap.
It's like, I think every saw NBC want to shove that down your throat.
Oh, it's the everybody.
But all the coin of the peacock, you know?
That's right.
No, everybody's doing it now.
No matter what channel you're watching.
They said, I knew the terino right.
Except ABC and except here where we got civilized people,
you know, got a brain about the rest of the world.
They don't need to compass in the roadmap every time
they're more than two blocks from home.
Uh-oh.
And you can say, that is a day I will never forget.
There you go.
There's your vice president.
He's good, huh?
He's good, doggy.
He's lying to his teeth.
And he shacked up with it at the nasty-looking bitch too.
Oh, you're coming.
It's hard to tell that bitch from a hairy-witting family
to look real close.
I think it's the same person.
This guy is Neil Rogers.
This is 5'16 Q.A.
Show me yours.
I'll show you mine.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
That's not mine.
Okay.
Where you from is giving you a gig and really gotta do it.
It's 25.
Oh, right.
Where you from singing and a song, you're smoking a bomb.
It's 25.
Oh, my God.
Ah!
Well, in the name of the day, you got people in the name.
Let's go.
Let's go, let's go, let's go, survive.
Oh!
Let's go, let's go, survive.
Let's go, let's go, survive.
Let's go, survive.
Let's go, survive.
When it was easy for gal and the new bow needed.
So, goodbye, bye, bye, bye.
This is black crow, then drive any grinds.
So, goodbye, bye, bye.
This is me and I from Annville,
It's traffic, bye, bye, bye.
Let's go, survive.
Let's go, survive.
Oh!
Let's go, survive.
Yeah!
Let's go, survive.
Ah!
Let's go, survive.
Oh, do, do, do, do.
Yeah!
Let's go, survive.
Let's go!
Everybody's so low!
I'm so low!
I'm so low!
I'm so low!
I'm so low!
Well, they're supposed to be some words here, but I forgot them because I'm supposed to work by.
I was allowed to lose it, everybody out there was smoking by.
I saw, blood and belly, and they're not really that much left over.
Thank you!
I'm coming over here.
It's on 27, 27 before we are at the hour, whatever the hour is.
2070 for one are you kidding me? Holy cow. The wood for sure was like about 330 already
And what I'd say yesterday went away those pictures those
Blue
Website
How do you guys do is click on it? I don't think that we had a huge look at it
Probably a lot of people didn't want to see all these scars and all that stuff all the blood and the gore right or that extra foot
Yeah, I would be the extra foot is kind of provocative
In fact right under they right under they a dig-chainy
Bird shooting thing there the quail shoot is
Australian Australian when you calm him down put him in a straight jacket, okay?
Just like Mr. McGrurphy. I do have a straight jacket Australian TV that's what I heard
You have a great one Australian TV station releases new operative
Torture photographs and you click on there. There's all the pictures man
There's a bunch of pictures from raw story and that one is especially raw now. How do you know? Maybe he's got three feet
You know, I heard a wreck you know people who are come to say oh, I'm all feet today, you know and all are all thumbs
Maybe it's a thumb it could be a foot or could be another thumb or maybe he's just
Got a growth maybe he's a growing goi. I don't know why we're there it is for you
When you through we'll play with the dig-chainy bird the shoot the
quail shoot and
What did I tell you when we talked about that yesterday? It's gonna be another reason for these people to get
I don't know but they're all whipped up into a frenzy new footage of British soldiers beating up your raccumin
Oh, no, that's not those pictures. This is the one the video game the other day wait till they see these pictures
New footage of British soldiers beating up your raccumin and Amara City in 2003 and a release here we go
I told you a more photographed by atrocities by US soldiers against Iraqi DT knees and DT knees
I've got a person is spread out rage across Iraq the timing of the new images is potent in the wake of the violence spread
In throughout Iraq and much of the Muslim world over cartoons of profit my hammered carried by that Danish newspaper and then
Repreded by other European publications. I better get that those images off my screener
We in Bosnia have decided not to cooperate in any way with the British troops 43-year-old food merchant Ali Shabbat Najeein full IPS
These are this is an enterprise service these occupiers of Bosnia are invaders and we will not sell them any of their requirements
Now gee maddened none of us will work with them any longer either my cousin used to work with them inside their base
But not no mo he refuses to go to work
We've decided to show our content for them in every possible way
But why didn't they hate us?
Now he said people are especially angry over the Danish military presence in Iraq
He said he had first accepted the presence of occupation forces
But now I think it's about time to tell them we don't respect them since they're behaving in a very bad way
He be seen after that footage of British troops beating the crap out of younger rakis with fist and batons the government
The governor of Vazra what those a governor rate
I don't know and I'll still have severed ties to the British military
This included cancellation of joint security patrols joint security patrols
We condemn any of these actions by British and American troops and torturing our own people former head city counselor of Vazra
Governa rate Casimata algebraie told IPS all these names basically like you know Johnson and Schwartz and Jones and Smith
All sounds the same to me. I mean personally. I like something fancy
560 505 60 pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless lines
Galvia to Mad Dog at four after that. It's you and basketball with our AWOL program director clearance to Schwartz
Well, I'll take it that situation is like a gigantic tumor man like a giant cancer
See I don't know about you, but I'd sit that child. I keep repeating this
But I'm not trying to tell you about how to do their job. I'm just telling you about my management style
How would be I'd sit his pucky little last down a chair in a corner, you know
I would tie the those like those electric wires to his toenails and I would just tell him look make up your mind
You want to be program director of a major market important radio station or you want to be a little boy sports
Can't to do an easy one if you want to be a you and plunky all your life man
You want to be microzontal junior make up your mind clearance what do you want to be who do you want to be today?
Remember that last deal with my paycheck and a whole deal I had to go through a whole song dance and get Joe involved in that
Couldn't get it done and now this deal here yesterday when the day is almost over he finally emails me a song and a dance and then he takes off
And that's it of course that's assuming you believe time direct story. Who do you believe who does Josh believe you believe parents are time direct
I don't know what was supposed to have who does Josh believe
None of the both. Yeah, I got no comment there. Okay. Oh, no, I know you can just like George and Priscilla
You'll be playing a wine check depends on one of them
Oh, I don't think there's no depending either one of them. Don't you have direct deposit I do well
So what else I got you then the dollar your paycheck the mouth of his salary my ass his salary depends on clearance
That's like saying that my salary depends on clearance. It's not like saying that. Oh, okay yours doesn't oh
I want about yours. Yeah to an extent it depends on clearance. Well the one you're so depressed these days Jesus
So who do you believe I don't know what was supposed to have happened what were you told I wasn't told anything
Oh, well then I believe that
What do you think I was so pissed off about exactly and still p old you don't know I know about I'm supposed to do
Somebody a favor and do this and do that because the bees leave want the money and God direct don't want to lose his coming
Okay, fine. I always try to be cooperative and then return what do you get a slap right in the face and a good
No, pick any ass man. I'll cover right with a moon. Don't shine. It Todd told me you were gay. I go look up for your girlfriend
There you go in other words you're trying to tell me that Todd Dreck is a perverigator and a BS artist
I would immediately respond by saying absolutely
Correct right but also if I were to tell you that currents is a slacker didn't get anything done because he's too busy
Word about being a little boy sports guy. I think I would also say
So you put that together and say lethal
Valtable combination that gets absolutely nothing done except making Todd Dreck a bunch of money
Well, I think they're here for you, huh?
Isn't that what we're here for? Well, we're all here to do that
But then not everybody else is expense so to make Todd Dreck money. We're all doing that. Oh well of course
There's a lot of sand and you know what my responsibility is yeah, I don't want to I don't want a Todd
I want I want one thing I want Todd more than anything in the world
I want you did I want you in a box Todd in a box
Maybe that'd be a great game for Mattel is Mattel still in business. We'll be swell
It's would tell Todd in a box would have to be a big box
He's just a little guy kind of funny looking would it be a jack in the box kind of a thing?
Are you starting with a JFK jokes again the best cartoon character of all time?
No, actually there was a guy in Kalamazoo Michigan
I figured what his name was he went on the year after in 63 and he said all one thing
I've always wondered was a jack in the box and they fired his ass and rightfully so 1161 votes
The best cartoon character of all time bugs bunny 210 boy. They love bugs
Homer Simpson 132 Cartman is making a little move from a soft park 123
Wiley Coyote in the road runner 75 what's not to like Rocky and Vola
Uncle are making their move now 53 they're on the move
Beavison but head 48 Tom and Jerry 41 Superman 40 and Batman 38 Mickey Mouse 32. That's all reading Charlie Brown's on their twice
Right won't write after the other one. Why is that if you put them together? He's got 49 votes. How come Charlie Brown's on their twice?
He asked I thought oh I try to get them separated
I thought I try to get Charlie and Snoopy just separated
Well we originally had that done and it was and now we got Charlie Brown twice and Snoopy so you put them all together
You got about four million votes now the good news is I think I've seen it here before Al pretty new man got a vote
Oh, yeah, hallelujah for the South Florida audience man and
Winning the one out here already had one who else didn't have any I don't know Elmer Fudds only got two like I said
This is like like Jason. This is a tragic
Jason stands for nothing very man hello
He's had a ton of hits but none as painful as the one he took when he walked into a wall and broke his nose
And now very singing about it in his brand new CD can't smell without you with
Bracketed versions of very hits like Kova Cabana
I broke my
As well as a re-nastered in really nasally version of Mandy recorded a thumb moment of impact
That's not all very man-alos can't snow without you is swollen with hits you knows and love like I break the
Shnurts I made it through the pain looks like I broke it and a title track with Barry's trademark hook
You know I can't smell without you
I can't breathe without you I can't
And I can't fix it looks like I face
Wish it was a prick very man-alos can't snow without you walk into a wall mark
And pick up a copy today. Oh, I got to a bad cartoon spirit of a very man-along bad music
Okay and bad snows is old ancient both depressing Nancy. Oh
Nancy and Slogo. Yeah and little or Fnanny. Okay. I bet you chicken. I can remember both of them
I bet I never understood the whole Nancy and Slogo thing they weren't funny. Yeah, I just think well
Didn't I already preface my thing? Yeah? Somebody will like it. They'll get a voter to or tree Nancy and a little or Fnanny
I think she was kind of like short fat Fanny by Larry Williams on that co-recus
Yeah, yeah, short fat Fanny the rescue member that I have a short
You got it you got short fat Fanny by Larry Williams. I have a chance to give you a million dollars if you got it there
Right now I'm booting it. No, you know I'm booting it up. You really got it. Oh, what year's that more or less? Oh, jeez
You have to look it up. No, I got Fanny by the Bee Gees
No, we don't want to hear that that's what we're sorry
It must have been a real sexy a garbage and don't start with the Bee Gees
You already the whole show on the Bee Gees and that probably killed us. It was like doing a hockey show
Nothing short fat Fanny their whims may
1957 holy moly rat man what that's not even 50 years ago only 49
Who did it?
Larry Williams learn at co-record short fat thing is a novelty record. It was cute. I'm gonna leave his mash
WQ a.m. Hello
Q. I.m. Yeah, yes, sir. How you doing? That okay welcome to autopilot radio
Very good. I'm saying the pink Anthony. Oh my god. How could they we blew it man?
In British every even said a word, but you just sat there and laughed your ass off right thanks, pali you got it
Who and all huh he was breaking up. I didn't hear he said the pink pan through. Oh, yeah, I might even have that
Then I know
Peter Sellers is turning over and it's great
We don't want to talk about Steve Martin or any of the Southern. Yeah, it's really interesting
Right, you understand that it's number one. No, you understand that very man will is the number one came on the chart on the hot
100 on the hot 200 albums is the number one album very man
Well came on the first week number one. So you put all those together. What do you got put all these important?
You got this vice president out there bird hunting and bird dog and shooting guys you got the president who's a little bit
And dangerous and what do you got that's it?
There it is. You have me
You'll have to
The one who did it I thought I was gonna be kind of happy. No, I thought I was in a man singing but what do I know?
Oh, it's in a man scene like that. Yeah, he was the ball ball on the on the same show
We're gonna go back
That sounds like you need go back to no
But
Norman Solomon writes I'm coming dreams that or Norman Solomon your uncle. I wonder if he's kid know that was Abraham Solomon
That was my grandfather died long before I was born AB
Norman Solomon maybe someday I'll meet old AB Solomon. In fact probably pretty soon away this outfit's doing
They're killing me man. You're killing me
Glad you guys are happy you and I Hank maybe the two of you can loop. I don't even be happy about yet
Well, that's that's what I keep trying to tell you if you like to make a premature evaluation man
I'm not making any at all. Yes, you are
Well, I'm making one and so far over three is out of good batting air. I tried like welcome people with open arms and legs
And try to say hey everything is great and all I ask is one one little thing
That's all one thing make a call get somebody to do something
Somebody else to do something that's that's all remember what Archie Bunker said what's that patience is a voygen
It's a voygen that's what he said
Cheney's Dodge taking responsibility when dig Cheney suffered a surface on Wednesday long enough for an interview with Fox News
Eminence Britt Hume and event that CNN's Jack Caferty like I told you before promptly like into Bonnie interviewing Clyde
The vice presidential spin emerged from a time-worn bag of political tricks
Cheney took responsibility whatever that means the New York Times website swiftly made its top headline
Cheney takes full responsibility for shooting 100 just before Fox News channel aired interview segments in length
Is summary from anchor Hume told viewers that Cheney had accepted full responsibility for the incident hours later
The Washington Post front page to read led this way vice president Cheney accepted full responsibility as today
Ironically while news outlets keep using the phrase full responsibility the transcript of the interview post on Fox News
Dotcom showed that Cheney never used any form of the word responsibility
Whatever their exact words the politicians who can't avoid acknowledging culpability are often the beneficiaries of excessive media
Plaudits for supposedly owning up to what they've done wrong
But those politicians really do more than just what to spend dr. Ortered
It's not brave even forthright for an official or express the contrition that seems advisable from a PR standpoint
When a convicted defendant voices were more sensitive for sentencing the statement is often viewed as a little more than
Apploi dictated by circumstance
But when a politician ostensibly takes responsibility in the quarter public opinion
Much of the media coverage attaches great significance to an essentially hollow statement
That's a transparent effort to extinguish a scandal fueled firestorm
In almost every instance when a politician takes responsibility with great fanfare
There's no penalty attached to the proclamation across the terrain of political media
I take responsibility maneuver is the equivalent of a hit and driver offering an over-the-shoulder yellow
Sorry about that while speeding away from the grizzly scene. Sorry, mister
On July 30th
2003 several months after the occupation of Iraq began president Bush held a news conference while U.S. forces continue to search in vain for those WMDs
High up in a front page story the New York Times reported that Bush took responsibility for the first time for an assertion in the state of the union
Dressed about a rack's nuclear weapons program that turned out to be based on questionable intelligence
Well, they must be talking about his
Bush told reporters I take personal responsibility for everything. I say of course
I also take responsibility for making decisions on war and peace
And I analyzed a thorough body of intelligence good solid sound intelligence
That led me to come to the conclusion that it was necessary to remove sourmussing from power
In that instance as in so many others the president's declaration about taking responsibility
With nothing more than hot air for inflated rhetoric a dodge that divert attention from indefensive elections and evidenticeptions
Last year on September 13 at the White House the president said Katrina exposed serious problems on our response capability
All levels of government and to be extent that the federal government didn't fully do its job right I take responsibility
policies during the five months since then have compounded the administration's deadly negligence and response to Katrina
underscoring the diversionary significance of the I take responsibility scan
Why when Brett human digtainee did their Fox trot they were performing the kind of spectacle we've seen many times on TV
Network correspondence and powerful politicians know the boundaries in the steps their footwork may look simple
But it's fancy and well-practiced
contrary to pretense the probing journalist doesn't probe too much and the forthcoming politician merely hunkers down with the new twist
And so it goes whether the media for her has to do with a quail hunt or lethal negligence connection with a hurricane or chronic deception for a war
Top officials may finally opt to take responsibility
But that's nothing more than a propaganda technique for those who do lying is an essential means of governance
I wonder where he did include Greg Readon there too by the way. Oh hi Greg. How you doing pal? Good luck to you get out
He lost clear out that desk and that office although don't take all the good stuff because if you get for an auction online
You know I mean Josh is gonna be busy with that power 96 thing and this show and Marlon stuff. He's gonna be a busy beaver man
But I know who could run it real good
Think there's a lot of money. What do you think? Sorry, listen to the TV. Oh cartoons run them
1256 at QAM your autopilot station
This is Neil Roger
Oh boy, it's the one to two hour
You will know I was dead as dead can be
I'm glad that my life made a hit movie
No mom a named you for best pictures crap
I'm glad I'm in
The longer
Capoteon broke back my finger game
Cowboys never this bad back in my day
Good night and good lord was a total bore
Munich was long it made me snore
I
Reached with her school played my June Carter catch
Better than Dylan or Cheetle and Cratch
Wish I had a chance with reason the sack because once you go blank you don't go back
I'll be looking down from having that night
Watching the awards on my satellites
If we don't win well then the heavenly choir will help me bring a ring of fire
Hello, I'm Johnny
I take it one thing old Todd Pettinville sure as I hope a good Johnny canes don't he as he does all right
As opposed to Todd's wreck now how come Johnny canes couldn't be be alive and Todd wrecked me in that box anyway
Now you know who Barbara star is at Pentagon course bumman on CNN who looks like he who's definitely is a guy
I'm gonna say she looks like a guy bar the star as lices. It's a guy. You're in T. She's got a big package
It's more than a man culture
Right man colder
Jeremy scale and common dreams rights on CNN the real Abu grave scouts are Abu garr
Res game was the photos not the abuse on CNN the certainly not news network who belong in hell
CNN's Pentagon correspondent Barbara stars should be given some kind of award for the most
Outragesly off-target reporting on the newly released photos and videos of US torture and abuse of prisoners at Abu garr
Prison in Iraq in her no more appearances during the morning news cycle on CNN after the images were first broadcast on Australia's
SBS TV start to describe what she saw is the root of the Abu garr
Prison scandal as such let's start by reminding everybody that under US military law and practice
The only photos that can be taken are official photographs for documentation purposes about the status of prisoners
Whether a military detention that's it anything else is not acceptable
And of course that is what the Abu garr
Prison scandals all about what here
I thought this scandal was that the US military was systematically abusing prisoners these new photos with a documentation of violently inflicted open wounds
Obliterate any notion that what occurred at Abu garr
Was anything short of torture by all accepted definitions of the term that we reveal some horrifying scenes of naked
Humiliated bloodied prisoners some of the parent gunshot wounds maybe dig chainy was over there for a while
In a video broadcast on Australia's SBS naked hooded prisoners were seeing being forced to masturbate in front of the camera
But according to CNN star the real transgression was that some sort of documented the torture
In violation of US military law and practice in a later report that in the morning star
We turned around rages characterization of the scandal beginning her report by saying as we look at a couple of the photos
That's remind people that's why these are so inappropriate on US military law and practice and procedure
You simply cannot take photographs as we're going to show you something right now
You cannot take photographs of people in detention in humiliating positions positions that are abusive in any way shape or form
The only pictures that are ever allowed are people in US military detention would be pictures for documentation purposes
And clearly these pictures are not that that is the whole issue that's been at the root of the
Prison scandal that it was abusive the practices in which soldiers engaged in if you cannot take photographs of people in detention in
Humiliating positions the reason that are abusive in any way shape or form a corne to star
But apparently it is okay to place them in these
Humiliating abusive positions or to at least not worth commenting on these reports on CNN star
Continued her report describing Pentagon reaction to the newly released photos
But the Pentagon certainly is not happy that these pictures these initial pictures
Which had not been distributed publicly in the past
The Pentagon is not happy that they're out and the reason is the Pentagon had filed a lawsuit trying to prevent their publication
The US out of concern they say that it would spark violence in the air border to see these photos
And then it would put US military forces at risk
The release of the photos will spark the violence no US torture a prisoner's spark massive outrage and just a
Vibrato more over this outrage should not just be confined to the Arab world
But should be felt everywhere especially in the US
Besides Pentagon lawyers have already tried this defense in federal court and a judge ruled that fear of facing the consequences of
Your actions is not a legitimate defense
Star concluded another report saying the Pentagon is concerned that if the images appear in the Islamic world
They're concerned they will incite unrest in the Islamic world
And therefore put US military troops at risk
CNN anchor Zane Verge then shot back and they were swiftly put on Arab TV as you say they're out there
They were swiftly put on Arab TV as there's something TV is about that is Arab TV somehow committing some transgression against freedom and democracy
By broadcasting the same images that were first put up by Australian TV in a country that bush pangs as his ally
All the images of torture at Abu Gharrah
Should be made public as the Center for Constitutional Rights and ACLU have been fighting for because they're an accurate
Representation of what's been happening and continues to happen in US run and supported ghoulogs around the world
When and if they're released barbist are should be reminded that she's supposed to be a Senate CNN reporter at the Pentagon
Not a Pentagon's post per a spokesperson to CNN bitch
Oh brother. Why hate that CNN? They they give me shfilkeys. I mean, I love Todd wreck compared to the way I feel about CNN
Is that the scull out of for you clearly look guys? They just they make me nauseous
They in a bash all these little sucklings manage sucking up and kissy kissy kissy
Lude dobs who had his two moments of a righteous indignation last Friday and that was the end of that all these phony's man
And of course wolf blitz rig who's the champion of all that and then of course you're very favorite Mrs. Limbaugh
Oh, yeah, I can used to be a little bit. I'd be like all that right wingism is rubbing off on her ass
She took her boobs into her belt really well, you know something. I bet you that's not all she talks in
Yeah
Like buffalo bill. Yeah, that's it
And you know why she does it
Oh, brother. I wasn't thinking so much about it puts the lotion in the basket
It puts the oxy in Russia's piss. Oh
I was thinking of people who are above the law like rush and like your president and vice president and like the Pentagon
Jackson's custody of kids upheld you see for justice. I guess we got to go to Don Corleon
All right, then maybe Don Corleon could take care of Todd wreck Michael Jackson Wayne Greskey all of the all of these issues
You know like remember Michael. I'm selling all family business today first
I'll bet to help I'll be there for the baptism of counties baby
I'm gonna be good. I first. I'm gonna be godfather counties baby. That's what what remember that all right
And then I'm taking care all family business and appeals court in LA wins
They reinstated order grating Michael Jackson's sole custody of his two children with his ex-wife Debbie Row
I would more I believe he was married to Tommy Row
Despite her concerns over the singer's child molestation trial
This goes to show there is no justice
California's second district court of appeals ruled that row who in 2001 signed away her parental rights to the 47-year-old
Performers two-olders children Michael's junior and Paris had no legal grounds to terminate that arrangement
Row who was married to Jackson from 97 and 99 Lays but never lived with a self-styled king of plop for a swed in LA
Superior Court judge who overturned the child custody agreement in 2004 on legal grounds
Row's petition set in accusations of child molestation against Jackson and his association with a nation of Islam
Whose members briefly provided security for the singer during the trial big black guy named Ben was there too as a matter of fact
The molestation case and well we know that
I could lower court refuse Jackson's request to overturn that order
He appealed to the second district which ruled in favor of the entertainer and held at the original order
Terminating Rose parental rights should stand
Row who is working as a medical assistant for a dermatologist when she met Jackson was called as a person
How much do you think she got? How many million interesting five third man?
At least I'm thinking like me at the yeah, and I'm not all of a sudden
She's got this righteous information like she really cares about her kids or anything else. Yeah, her she sold her children for rich
nasty bitch to a pedophile
He was called as a prosecution witness and his trial but defended him on the stand saying that he was a kind selfless and generous to a fault
Well, so there you go for about 30 million you probably lie too, and I'd like crazy
I wouldn't sell my children though. I think Josh you do for like 30 bucks. Well, maybe one of me would add rather deal for 30 mail though
It's a nice lie. Now you better watch your peas and fuzeman and quit talking about that prize closet
Otherwise somebody's gonna get on your ass
What I'm just telling him giving the little advice okay? I've been around the block in this station man for eight plus years now
I know where the bodies are buried. I don't know where you're talking me. Yeah, yeah you do trust me when I tell you after the show
By the way, I'll give you some pointers on it pull a website deal
There's a great scam waiting for that and just get real close to Greg
He's got boxes and boxes for the good stuff
Jackson who has spent much of his time since the trial in Bahrain has a third child prince Michael the tooth by an unknown mother
Also by an unknown father of course. He was married to Lisa Marie and other Scientologists
How come Lisa Marie wasn't in the closet with John Revolta and with Tommy Cruz and with our Kelly
Yeah, I know Michael couldn't be there's only one room for one pedophile if I said it
Yeah, but Lisa Marie and other Scientologists right now you better not pick on him Scientologists man because they come on
They were showing up and you're right. Yeah, great clock in the morning. That's right. Yeah bring it on go ahead and know like
Taster Tom Cruise posters all over your front door. I got overlord Z knew in my pocket
WDQ AM hello. How about would he would think there? He's on his sorry. Hey Neil. Yes
Um, you know there's a track record at Campano, I'm sure I agree. WDQ AM hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey one for the poll. Okay
Fargo or late horn
Fargo or late horn. Excellent. It is a good one. That was good. Okay
You go ahead a little while ago you guys had a poll on TV shows that people watch over and over again
Why don't they see you guys and get a little raise just for Pete your eight that are your tended 12 hours from two to four
Yeah, most people are not nothing up nothing up nothing up nothing up no no
Yeah, we wouldn't know you know most people are in an out all day they don't hear everything
Yeah, believe me most people who work at this station are in and out all day if you catch my drift
No, and that that business be a little overexposed if you part of that expression
I'm not a good idea and that's like WSU and revisited. Oh if you like Neil for four hours today
How about 30 hours today, huh?
Yeah, and if you like 30 hours today, how about 70 that was that SU India man. I don't want to start thinking about that again
Sure was cost effective though, huh? Oh, yeah cost effective. Well, that's cost broadcasting for me
What about your geniuses real rocket science is oh my god this whole industry is such a swill, you know
Do I know? No, I'm not the only the only good thing I can say about is I'm making a lot of money
If that's the end of you and there aren't too many of us who are doing that there are a few of us
But other than that this this industry just blows in fact
It's almost going to inspire me to to yank out these discs, you know
I'm just putting those WKR and the CKLW jingles
Well, here's the C a CKLW history. How much of that's in treading, you know
Yeah, just a little taste okay, maybe maybe a mic lance is out there because you're the starter woodwood picker
And the Walter Lance. How about Walter Saber
But here 1960
1961
1962
64
64
Dave Schaefer my favorite hi everybody. This is Dave Schaefer. I have taken the time out here to
Introduce to you now our newest member to CKLW and I hope that you will welcome him and make him feel at home mr. Terry Knight
Yeah
Why Terry Knight here from now until 11 o'clock at the great eight either
We're gonna make it tonight. Let's go
Listen here minutes by minute for CK radio news
In a million is throwing husky
You really have oh my god. I'm near that in the coons age man. He'll be the heaven for the husky
You ever hear that before capital records? I used to play it. You played hillbilly heaven?
I want I filled in for the country. I wonder if I bet you a Johnny cancels up there singing a hillbilly heaven right now
You know you think let's be I don't know if they're doing drugs. I don't have that particular furlund husky
Oh, man, I love that continue music. Not
I'm gonna go out by me a double-wide just lock myself in here listen to cutting music
Marty Robinson a white sport coat and a pink carnation a new like that you got that if you got that
I say something good about you I don't hate no way you're in Venice
You know I don't have that one have a pasta on that
No, pass one and I also have this
Oh, that's a little too honky talky for me remember honky talk by Bill Dawgett. Yeah
Oh
That was a
Okay, that's enough set them dark hunting with the of heap
114 teen already a QAM finally a TV experience like no other
Comcast digital cable on demand is easy to use has lots to love and today you can track for only 3499 a month for three months
Why is TV so much better with on demand for a start?
You shouldn't watch a wide variety of movies and shows whenever you want it's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV
On demand is a library of thousands of programs ready to start when you say so with programming including
free movies kid shows music videos cooking shows sports home improvement shows guitar lessons and so much more
You'll always have something good to watch right when you want to watch it and don't forget about control with on demand
You can start stop pause rewind fast forward programs using that remote you sure can't get all that with satellite
With up to 250 channels puts on demand you can build your own TV schedule who could possibly acts for more and best of all on
Demand is free when you had Comcast digital cable so pick your show time sit back and you wonder how you ever make God law without it
Call today order Comcast digital cable HBO with the power of on demand for only 3499 a month for three months
Indeed call 305 Comcast and in 954 Comcast
This is Neil Rogers
This is 516 QAM
Brandy lives hello Randy what are you looking to me? No
Oh
Welcome well I drive up to turn semi go truck in and close the coast
I like my rig I like the rule but it's not good I love most there's a gal I left in press tool a sweet young fine name
Rolls and the best thing playing about her she lets me wear her clothes well on proud feet country
Best time all right and I love the words the girls close all day
Laces rough a pretty blast a stupid negative chase now. I'm still a macho tough guy in a hope you'll understand
How's more than a big black mustache in a six back in my hand
But when I go out for them I do it well the twist a
Worst draft this evening down in a nose game on my wrist if I'm proud to be country
best time
And I love the word the girls close all day
I close my lips. He's my heart's sleeping. Long to read now. I like the way I'm living
Don't get me by my clothes from all the merke and he man. I love legs any old
So don't look at me funny or I'll puck out your life and the last thing you remember
There's a trucker in fishnet tits. Get some pads to me country
transvestite
And I love the words the girls close all day
Painted lips padded hips my straight legs on display. Yes, I pass the
country
In music
To get these padded holes on here. Nobody don't get a run
You know I hate that I hate that you know when you chip your nail and that thing flakes off
That's terrible. You know when you gotta go back home just for the new nail polish on this
I always take home up with something you can just put it on the party. You wouldn't have to do it everybody. You know what I'm playing
I could use a bubble bath. I really could
And I'm gonna go to the shop. I am my sport
From 145 votes and I pull baby even though our jacess is a really sus today, but too bad
The best car to enter it to roll time. I'm just gonna give you like a little taste one little taste instead of the
What you're done with this money. That's right. What you're withle
288 Homer Simpson 142 Carman from South Park 128. He's making a little move now
Why any County and Roadrunner 76 Rocky and Bullwinkle 50s eight or as uh, what's his name would say?
The former allewival and UM coach Howard smelly burger. That's bush mint. That's bush mint. That was one of his favorite words
Never trust a guy that smokes a pipe and cleanses it real tight in his mouth
Rocky and Bullwinkle 58. Peterson but hit 53 Charlie Brown 52. We got that straight now. Thanks Eric
Tom and Jerry 41 Superman 41 that man turned on and Mickey Mouse 33
Oh look who's a Fred Flintstone embody rebel of both god
Together join the tip. Will them. I don't have any all right five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
And the rising singer to roll the science seems like only what 20 30 hours ago. We sat down this morning at least
WQ a.m. Hello
Two a.m. Hey me oh, how are you?
The last great to the last great team on the CKLW first of the motor slip was
Gary Burbank along with uh,
Byron McGregor and uh, Randall Carlisle but there's no one I called about byron
Well, what a set of pipes here, huh?
Yeah, anyway, anyway, uh, what I called about was have you still got chainy tells his grandkids a bedtime story
That is one of the funniest bits and now it's apropos
Chainy tells his grandkids of bedtime story and scares the dickins out of them
Ashtords it's around this somewhere you play the ones to walk on
I've never heard of it. Never heard of that. Well, I see the remember it and she was saying bad
You're fighting in the kitchen. Got to grow up. They got to be tough. Maybe I heard it somewhere else. Anyway, I think I've heard it. Maybe okay
Good luck to his father. Well, maybe it's this
No
Not ain't that you think it's this
No, maybe this
The tag panel got him a full song
He's not coming home
Hey
With his name's Bush
He's a hemorrhoid in the
Big the guy who would die so we be alone. There's nothing in his empty
Oh
Yeah, my pet goat. Yeah, he's the goat. I believe you may got my goat. I think chainy's the sheep and he to go
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 6 where girl to you two mad dog is four and of course that you and basketball game from
Blastin they're playing Blastin College. I bet you Josh will be hanging on every word on that, won't you? Maybe we'll see I doubt it
Dominic Q.M. It's line nine. Watch it Q.I.M. No, yes sir. Hey, how about running skimpy?
Good honor starts
Okay, good choice. Thank you. Thanks for you. They're too late. What I mean?
How about I got a fast finger man. You better speak now or we're holding real tight
When in stimpie. I thought we had a monitor ready. They are. I was pretty sure we did
He's playing with my memory. See figures. I'm an old couton. I can't remember nothing
Brandon stimpie you're already on her, but thanks. You're right for sudsake. Let's see here is the green
I got the theme here's like Chinese
I didn't when that guy ever tried the Rick Riley's doing a stock market thing on the internet somewhere
I just I just about peed my pants when I heard that that is got to be one of the most amusing things
Well, what is it? What is he calling redneck stock tips?
I won't know stock cars and stock car market. Yeah
But maybe that's what it is. You got confused. Maybe it's time about stock car racing
Couldn't possibly be like stocks and bonds and stuff like that crap like that. I do mean crap
What is that? Redneck stimpie? Yeah, I remember rent is to be I remember the music
Do you like rent is it?
It's so long. I remember rent is to be I was all right. I'll be dope you slow. It's hard if you remember what happened yesterday
I'll smoke no joke. It's funny. It's funny. You mentioned that because it's so readily available here
And people on many attention and there's like people open really smoking it on the street corner
I'm thinking of taking it up now. Yeah
Oh because of this place I mean this radio station may as drab in me
Some people get driven to drink I can't do that double-edged sword you know
He's a little call me down, but then you'll want to eat so don't do it. Oh, not good idea. No
Especially when I got down to 190 this morning finally
Finally, is that ex? I think that's what that's what you need. Okay. How about some oxies would be good?
Order of his anybody. No, no, that's too bad
We go and I hate to get him because he's other he confused annex with
Poppers
Few ain't straight guys it like use poppers. I sure hope like that
That would have been another good one for the poll yesterday. Oh, yeah, like locker room the
Oh my god, that is the one that we're smelling crap. That's what you're talking about right the little jars the
Yeah, right with it. Yeah
My god, that's like sniffing glue
No much worse than that the smell will just yeah drive you to commit suicide makes everything yell or two a lot of
Queens gay into that crap
27 past one at five sixty w. Q. A. I'm gonna come to matrices speaking of who you're sleeping with a lot of gimmicks out there
Latest are sleep numbers otherwise known as air matrices and believe me. This is hot air at its finest
They're only warranty in full for two years. They squeak they pop
And they lose their setting during the night probably at the worst possible time too
And it cost a fortune to arm in 17 legs if you really want a high quality brand name mattress that'll last you for years
News you're sure as I know what to do now just sit there on your fat pimple as to make that one easy called a
Dala mattress one 800 mattress. That's what I've been doing for years now every time I need new mattress when you call that number
You get no run-arounds no showroom shenanigans just factory direct prices and the best brands that you know and trust when you call one 800 mattress
You'll choose from Florida's largest inventory of silly sirda Simmons
King Quayle temper pete Steerings of an antifaster already for same day deliberate prices lower than the so-called big name chain stores
Even their supposed of big sales call that number one 800 mattress
You can have the video you want delivered the date and time you want you pick the delivery time wherever way to that
But they let you do it in a two-hour delivery window. That's convenient for you like noon to two one the three two to four
Etc. I've been a satisfied customer down mattress for years and I guarantee you I'll bet you the water Nazis life on it
You will be too call one 800 mattress right now. No, be there in no time at all knocking down your door or lock up their website
Vatres.com 1 800 MATT RES we off the last as because it stands for stupendous saving
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.62
I can't baby
Gotta change my whole page quick
It's really kind of close with a lady with a face
One that's not wrong
Yes, I know those great surgeons
Given you that's no good job
I just can't be those teacher pictures anymore
But I'm so sick in those hotels that disgusting and afraid
So sick of me, friend
I talk with Dr. Faye
But showing me a picture of herbose
One for little song
What's your mid-disk and look at that face anymore
So I'm sure George is flited by that and things that's very tasteless and I was thinking that when I was doing
And the least he has a couple nights ago and I thought oh who cares right what who cares
I think she oughta demand a refund. That's my take. Okay, I'm makeover. Let me 50 percent
Maybe they could have like Joan Rivers on there one of those stupid TV makeover shows
I think you're a cruel heartless bastard. That's correct
27 till two we got
Guilty come up top of the air in fact. Don't we have that that is what we're I don't have half of those droppings here
But that's all right. I could have been gathering together little by little. I'll put them on a CD for you
One of your talk about it. I also got a brand new
What is that? He knows
You talking about Dr. Astralis now, right?
For yours talking about my packet
Dolphins Macintosh arrested for domestic violence
Police arrested dolphins offensive tackled Damian Macintosh under domestic violence charges after you allegedly
Pushed his wife to the floor during an argument yesterday morning official said
Officers arrived at Macintosh's debut home in the 2100 block of links
Avenue to about 10 30 yesterday morning and referenced to 9-11 call Macintosh's wife 27 called the police from a bathroom
Where officers found her unresponsive and laying face down on the floor the recipe for it said when officers asked Macintosh
What happened the recipe for it said he showed them a study on the west side of the house and said we got into an argument
I pushed into the floor she had her head pretty hard
Police tried to interview his wife but she was in co-herited unable to speak the recipe for it said
She suffered a possible head injury was taken a Cleveland clinic in Weston
I wonder if she's Weston comfortably Macintosh 20 it who started 30
Second of games you left tackle for the offense was arrested on one category of domestic violence and booked on
The felony charge in the Brewer County main jail Macintosh 64 320 pounds attended MacArthur high school in Hollywood and later started Kansas state
We understand the serious nature of the charges and certainly don't condone in any way the type of conduct
Which has been led said dolphins coach Nick Saban. However, we won't make a comment about this specific matter until we collect more information
I mean I got so many you know criminals on a team in that organization anyway, right?
That was like a story with a Randy McMichael. There you go
The McMichael and who is that guy that like tried to off himself by like
Shoken himself to that the one from Michigan state. I keep forgetting his name me to command. You know, I'm talking about though
I do yeah now there was all series of these guys and anyway that's and and it was marked dooper wasn't it?
There was not a lot of me trees underwood to me tree center were very good. Let's hear it for the Josh Meister
Love is you can set raise just based on that interjection all right. We'll keep asking me questions
There you go
So let me ask you again. You think it's side-track or our clearance a wrong question
Republican senators criticized the Bush administration yesterday over its policies in Iraq Iran and the Palestinian territories as Secretary of State
Condra Leezer's rice versus testimony in Capitol Hill months exposed her to what tough grilling from some members of her own party who looked at Condra Leezer and said
You're fairie. I don't see Madam Secretary. How things are getting better. I think things are getting worse
I think they're getting worse in Iraq. I think they're getting worse in Iran
Senator Chuck Hagerlovener brought a good full rice and she appeared before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee
Rice also had a tense exchange with moderate Republican Senator Lincoln Chafee of Rhode Island
Over the pace of progress toward Israeli-Palestinian peace and implication of the Hamas victory in Palestinian legislative elections last month
Typically soft spoken
Chafee tercely questioned whether the West could have prevented Hamas from coming to power
Opportunities missed Chafee lamented after rattling off the list
Opportunities missed after reading and lairaffling or all the ranting off the list
Well, let's raffle that off too on our website now. We have very very disastrous situation of a terrorist organization winning elections
As a matter of fact speaking on websites
I was just thinking of somebody who could partner with Eric and make a lot of money on our website
Especially if we're going to like break into Greg's office before he takes everything out
Rice said she agrees it's a difficult moment for the peace process, but responded
I don't think the USA is responsible for the election of Hamas. No, I don't
But I mean to the boot put about air right your mama
Your mama's so soft and hell
Condra Leezer
Let's play the original one right now
Do it that at that at that at that bitch. Oh, and this is what America is becoming now
You know and I will say this I'm gonna preface my story by just saying this I
I despise the virulent anti-smoking thing the people right because you know
I used to be a smoker all that's a long time ago in college
Newport spiderweights are real great thing. That's what I thought but anyway
Uh, and so I've always been very offended by these people if you don't want to be around people
So you're right smoking get away from people to smoke that's all just go to rest around what is no smoking or
But anyway, I will say this to the falls view casino Niagara falls unlike woodbine
I can't say too much good about woodbine because the ambiance there is like you know toilet
But uh and Niagara falls casino is beautiful as falls you is the brand new one
They lost smoking now. I don't know how long it's going on because I think I think I think it's only a city to run
Or think we're all the smoking bands going on public places, but
And the people sit next to you and I machine mine and even if you got a good machine
You don't want to get moved just because somebody is smoke and they what they do is they not only smoke and blow the smoke in the direction
But they also hold the faggot in their hand in such a way that the cigarette smoke is wafting
You know what I'm talking about and the tears are forming your eyes and I don't want to start being a butch boss about
They like put that faggot down or put it out or get out of here already, but it does bug me
Maybe she gets some gambling goggles. That would be a good idea
A gambling mask a schemand with your own air supply right now. I can not that big on them
The new calabella calabases second-hand smoke ordinance which would prohibit smoking all public areas of the city including parks
Side walks and outdoor bonuses will take effect by the middle of March City officials and calabases california said
Final passion to the ordinance. Oh look at that. In fact, this probably is old news even though it's on air
Why why is it under today? Well, it is old news this website the eight corn is who had this on their website?
I think probably been sandals. Hey then get with it. Well then sandals by the way is also a guy
Do you know that I hear she's open with barbers start explain a lot
Officials from the other now that explains why she was so enthralled with shepherd smith oh chef this and chef that yeah
Chef this
And this whole faghy thing man. So this story is already outdated anyway. What the deal is is that there are all outdoors indoors on your roof
No, no way last month california became the first day to declare second-hand tobacco smoke a toxic air pollutant
They said how do you like that
In a state where the pollution coming up and of course that's a spell that I sell a real expensive gas in california
It's used like whatever the hell it is
That's what's it no new. I'm talking about that different
Kind of gas in your car because of the pollution problem out there. It's almost as bad as a Roma
You know those old games in a Roma and forensic and financier look and Bolonia and Wunshin. Ah, you know those
No and Parigi. Yeah, what if they were holding the games in Paris where they say Parigi
Yeah, Tadiano for Paris. All you phonies on here Brian Williams dick dick ever saw as the anti-crested
They're right there right now. I hope that he and Todd wrecked a scheme together
Remember sunny bono and that Kennedy guy? Yes, I do and I hope for the shame that he's off and he knows the first day
I didn't see any because I'm not watching it
But on the news case they keep showing this crap the very first day they were like having all these wild accidents and skiers breaking their neck
And all these losers losing like crazy and like just unbelievable
It's kind of like an SNN contest is of course the way sporting competition
Right like an SM watch some lunatic good do this masterkiss to be in trying to kill herself
new Roger
This is fine like evil comedian friend
Something my crout next friend
Hi, this is Clay Aiken. Thank you for making my new single the number one song in America
You
Now girls listen yes
We all have our moments are difficult times when our little friend comes to visit. I know what you're thinking
Clay is it true? Do you have menstrual cramps like us?
Why of course I do and that's why the maker of America's favorite muscle relaxer and painkiller has asked me
America's favorite hee she to endorse the all new American
My
American my dog but those times you go bloated you're cramping and you feel just down like bitchy, you know when you're well you're
Aiken
American my dog endorse like me clay Aiken the guy gal who finished second to that no talent Ruben stutter
And you know, I still can't believe you people voted him as your American idol. I mean I had no idea
There were so many fat loser people out there who could operate a damn phone
I mean what did all of you call from the pay phone if they all you can eat for faith place?
I mean really I have no idea what's going on American my dog for those times when life seems a little unfair
He was only as directed so I think you're Clay Zaken
Sorry, it was across the room. I'm sure he's a good. Oh, well. I was just reaching for something
I'm not that you asked lawmakers formerly asked the Bush administration today to reconsider its approval of a sale giving that
Company in the United Arab Emirates control over a significant operation that six major American ports including Miami
Remember that story the other day? Yes, that is very disturbing
The lawmakers including four senators and three house members sharply criticized the UAE as inconsistent in support of US anti terrorism efforts
Much a Shmata heads
They also said the country was a key transfer point for shipments of nuclear components into Iran North Korea and Libya
And was one of only three nations that it recognized the Taliban is Afghanistan's legitimate government
outsourcing on the operations of our largest ports to a country with a dubious record on terrorism is a homeland security and commerce accident
Wain to happen said truck shumer of New York the administration needs to take another look at this deal
Keep up cook take another look the Bush administration defended its approval of the sale a spokesman for the White House National Security Council Frederick Jones said today
That security implications of the award rigorously reviewed right
rigorously reviewed I'll tell you one thing you want to fly Egypt there you think oh no, thanks. No
Anyway, so it's our shimmers and I'll go ahead and do it
This one says this and this one said that but it'll be better move from the push comes to shove
Maybe whatever you want anyway. I proud of an attorney who represented billionaire investor Kirk Kirkorian
Was indicted yesterday for his alleged role in an illegal wiretapping scheme involving Hollywood celebrities and executive that's already ensnared
Nine others Terry Christianson. I wonder if he's given Hayden Christianson. I hate him Christians
Who looks good with a lot of makeup on man? I'm gonna tell you an excited way to tell you about that movie shattered glass
I don't think we talked about on the air do we got enough?
No, it's a good movie. It's about Stephen Glass who well wrote for the new republic and he fabricated all those stories
Uh-huh, and then their ass was not water because then come to anyway just just a classic liar a brilliant kid
But just unbelievable compulsive liar
You just got making up all this stuff and make up stuff and G. A. L. A.
Yeah, in the new republic well, that'll teach him right anyway. They deserve it
They they made a turn to the right anyway
Terry Christianson 65 of Beverly Hills was charged with one kind of conspiracy and one kind of intercepting wire communications
If convicted of both counts you could face up to 10 years in a slimer and federal prison
Prosecutors alleged that Christianson conspired with private investigator Anthony Pellicano who's name ends in a oh
Right to illegally wiretap the phones of Kirkoryans former wife Lisa Von Der Kirkoryan who was involved in a court battle against the
Unnamed Christensen client he allegedly paid Pellicano with least a hundred grand for the wiretap court document show
That's a shame what a waste of money to get a bet that on a basketball game
Christians that would use the information gleaned from the illegal wiretap to secure a tactical advantage in litigation by learning Lisa
Bodder Kirkoryans plans
Strategies perceived strides and weaknesses other confidential information a previous indictment on COS
Weakson information gathered by Pellicano when associates was used for threats black male in some cases to tilt litigation
Federal investigators have named their clients would disclose if they may have known about his methods
However the court documents did reveal that the phones of actors subest just alone in Keith Caradine were tapped in addition to names of more than six
People included comedians Gary Chandling and Kevin Neelon were once replaced in government databases the one that anybody want to tap
Gary Shandling's phone
I know to see if he's really Jewish legal experts believe the wiretapping scandal could unlock some of Hollywood shady dealings that implicates some of the industries
Power players how do you like that?
Not good throw them all together all but the whole world is a whole bunch of crooks. Thank God. We work for a really honest company
So anyway getting back to the thing on our website. Okay, let's take a look at this support
I don't know what you're so quiet about. I think it's a great idea
I think it's a splendid idea
See if you're close friend Greg since your body with him so much on his way out
See if he wants to donate like curtains and curtains full of stuff that we can we can panel right on our website on eorogies.com
Make millions
We'll throw Greg the occasional bone
The best cartoon character of all time we got the 1291. We're gonna have over 13 and revoked
So there's that lost little puppy dog that is shame. I feel so bad a little little greyhound
I don't feel bad. Why not? Oh, no, and I feel good because the dog got away from those bastards right people are
You people are a sport your children and your little dogs men and strut around there like a bunch
See don't you understand everybody is laughing at you. Don't you understand that they're not applauding for you
They're applauding for the dogs having the balls to go out there and they'll put up with your crap
That is where the dog is very valuable and it probably was insured so nobody lost any money
So I see it another just suggesting maybe the dog sleeps with the fishes now. No
Or maybe this was just punishment from out winning the grand prize and will teach him not to
You know do it strut his stuff the best cartoon character of all time
I bet you got 13 1291 like I said. What do you got any second? They'll go to 1300
I mean then what thingy 1292 they're coming in by the ones they're pouring in here right at the s end of the show
And it was jay gonna say well, maybe the pool wasn't so bad after all some people were interested
Everybody's interested in cartoons, right even Jack Walzk bugs bunny 230
Homer Simpson 147 Carpman from South Park 128 Willie or Wiley why do I keep saying that Wiley, Kioe and Roadrunner 80 rocket
Bulwinkle 60 oh so much better than Roadrunner
I mean this in butt hit 54 Charlie Brown 54. Where are you?
Superman 44 common Jerry 42 Batman 41 now we're talking Robin
But it's amazing like it all the video stories. I got all the um all the seasons of Batman and all the it's just amazing
I was Batman. I may have to actually buy that what might it go wait for them to come out on the HDD or the HD
Yeah, then you can really check out Robin's sites or I can anyway making us 37s first after what you told me
Fred Flintstone and Barney rubble 32 sponge body square pants is got
That he duck 21 snoopy 21 renin's snippy 18
Speed
Speed racer 17 underdog 16 Scooby-Doo 16 top i 15 forced that off an Natasha of fatale 14 down in luck 14
Mr. McGoug in back is 14 mighty mouse 15 when I was an old cartoon mighty mouse
And they said that's the round or not no oh come on Peter from family guy 10 Felix the cat 8 Betty BOOP 8 yogi bear and booboo 7 top cat 7
Quackmart from family. I never thought I'd be saying you'll give your in booboo on here
Woody Woodpecker 6, Quackmart from family guy 6
Sixth and I'm not gonna read all of this these Alfred E. Newman finally got four right on dip crazy's ass. He's got five
Uh, Evan the chip monster only got three. It just read a couple of these
Uh, Elmer Fuzz only got two dead. They do right so they got a pair. What is rock porky pigs only got two
Jesus got on by me. What's the world coming to
Five horn you know who like leg horns of the guy to think a one. What's he got?
He went over the old late
and
And Joe Poluka's only got a three. Well, that's it. There's over 40,000 names that are free to choose and peruse and lose
This is me a Roger
Solid this is 516
Your god
You
Every call you
He
Everything is
Trace there's
I
But space pushes watching you
Your answer
He'll be dropping
There is no such thing
I'd probably see pushes watching you
For how to see
Stunnerly
He's even got some clips
But you with all
Every single day
Every word you say
Clio
It's so
W!!!
I have a hat
OOOO DO VERY
