Oh, and T-A-Y, S-U-C-A-S!
Park near the bell, sweet silver bells
All seem to say they don't look like
Crashy cheer, dying in the chimp
The young enough, dying in a boat
Daily, only don't die
Is there some day joyful ring
Wow, Caroline, once into the words of the cheer
From everywhere filling the air
Oh, how they found rage in the sun
Oh, here and depth, tell me, and tell
Daily they ring, wow, people sing
Songs of the cheer, Christmas is here
Baby, don't eat, don't eat, no, it's not
Praise the people, they're in hell, they're illiterate
They want to sit down, without any
They're troubled to see where we're hung
Park near the bell, sweet silver bells
All seem to say they don't look like
Gone, they sit on, without any
They're troubled to see where we're hung
Ah, King Kong, King Kong
Ding dong, which is dead.
It's a 10-o-1 at 5.60 WQM.
It's a two weeks from Christmas.
Is it not two weeks from today?
Yes.
Oh, right.
Well, how do you like that?
That's pretty exciting news.
And of course, the people out there,
well, how about your paid fee of chest today?
Really stop. Well, guess what?
They're going to be in the playoffs,
and certainly going to win the division.
And, you know, dolphins will not.
That would be my response to that.
I knew it was going to be a really ugly game,
but I didn't know it was going to be that ugly.
So I made an unscheduled trip out to a woodbind
to find a good machine mine.
And I got off the good machine,
and went crazy, and it paid like four grand in about an hour
and a half only. I wasn't on it.
But nevertheless, didn't have too bad of a day.
And, you know, I was recording the game.
And when I got home, the first thing I did was erase it.
That's why I had a chance to see any of it.
Yeah. That was following it on the blackberry.
And I thought, oh, my goodness.
This is a, they missed the team bus.
Pay for its Mr. Bus.
So that's the way it goes.
So all those people out there want to gloat.
It's say, yeah, a Pirate victory is a sangro.
It's whatever it is. What does that mean?
It's a moral victory.
Here's the fall from last Friday.
Neil's Thursday show was, we had 1916 votes.
Didn't hear it. 828. That's 43.2%.
Can you explain that to me?
No.
Is a Ricky Riccardo would say, can you explain?
I guess not.
43.2% didn't hear it.
This is a poll we took on Friday.
That's going to about to show the day before.
Very, very, I don't know.
I need you to be wondering about the people voting on the poll
and the people in general.
On land.
You know what I'm saying?
On land.
Didn't hear it. 828.
One of the best ever 209.
Got seat 205. Have I got a big pair or what?
Absolutely.
A pair or something. Yeah, they're hairy.
Moves.
It was OK, 157.
Fascinating 143.
Gay.
123.
Ponderous 80.
Crap 62.
See there we go with the negativity again.
Because it's South Florida.
Just like Bowen and Dickany were just saying about 700 toys
being brought the toys for kids at the game yesterday.
You got 60, 70,000 people.
What about hell's showed up?
And there's 700 people bringing a toy for kids.
And of course they're blaming it on the guys across the street
because that's more fun to do it that way.
I blame it on South Florida.
Look at the great job we did.
Thanks to Miguel coming up with that.
And if the idea of doing that,
another one of those fundraisers,
when did we do that last year?
It seems like only yesterday.
Yeah.
Embarrassing.
What was did we ever get a final total on it?
I could remember.
It wasn't much.
It wasn't much.
I don't think we even would.
About 30, man.
Maybe 30 grand.
30 grand.
That's what I hear.
Of the show's spectacular 45,
I would agree with that spectacularly gutsy and fascinating.
I hate this poll only 37,
mere 1.9%.
Heartwarming 27.
And it warmed the cockles of my heart.
Maybe feel that the old man is such a humanist and such a wonderful,
which I am.
And I still think that probably a tremendous percentage
of the people who heard that show still don't understand
or get where I was coming from.
And you know what?
I really don't care.
I'm not here to try to prove anything to anybody.
I'm here to collect a paycheck,
which showed up real early.
This paid a nice going, boys.
How do you like that?
Medicineema.
Yeah, showed up real early.
It's kind of a holiday gift to also,
thanks to whoever is starting to fix
in some of these other polls now.
We got a really good one for tomorrow.
We need help.
How about your friend?
We need some help on these polls.
Right.
I don't know where to put it.
Oh, here we go.
No one knows the thing.
I need help.
Who wants to brainstorm when you got old Rick Riley?
You're good close buddy.
Here's the poll today.
I'll say this is my poll.
It has differentiated between some of the ones
that have been sent in by our vast audience out there.
Which of these do you want to hear no more about?
That's our poll question today.
No more about it.
I can't take no more.
Paris Hilton, she got my vote.
And as usual, I know how to pick a winner.
Just like I knew yesterday, the game was going to be a desire.
I didn't always going to be that bad.
That's really embarrassing and humiliating.
But that's a part of the course.
Paris Hilton 200.
Brittany and Kevin, 167.
The multi-talented Kevin, this figure line,
and Brittany's cry, etc.
Yo, yo.
Neal's buddy Jacob, which of course Thursday and Friday
was the essence of the whole deal.
80.
Brand gelina, 62.
Sports talk, 61.
Brady Quinn, 50.
They don't want to hear any more about Brady Quinn.
Well, guess what?
You will.
Oh, and he came in a distant third and a husband voting.
Speaking, I don't want to get into a sports oriented by
a solid little bit of that New Orleans Cowboys game yesterday.
But at Reggie Bush, he's got moved to heaven and vinegar.
Do you see that Miguel?
Did not.
Oh, man.
He is phenomenal.
Anyway, he ain't no downtown Ronnie Brown.
Brady Quinn, 50.
Iraq, 44.
You know something?
I almost voted for that.
Not that I'm not interested in what's happening,
but it just, you know what I'm saying?
You become overwhelmed with it.
And it's just a blood bath.
We know it was based all on lies and BS,
and all these people are dying.
And what's the use?
And all these different committees and reports?
Oh, yeah.
I have another committee with another report.
You know?
Politics 39.
And we just had a election in a big song of dance.
They want to hear more about politics.
Christmas 29.
Yeah, here it is.
It's only the 11th of December.
I think some people are Christmas out already,
especially the Jews and the atheists.
And the Muslims.
And the Muslims.
And the Shmata heads.
I hate this poll 23, a mere 2.9% and global warming only 21.
They want to hear a lot more about global warming.
So we're going to do a whole series of shows on that.
Well, let's see.
We don't talk about Purisult and that little is possible.
We got a few bits on that bitch,
but that's about it.
That nasty needle knows bitch.
Britney and Kevin, although she's making a resurgence now for whatever reason.
And of course, I think of the divorce.
The divorce kind of like spiced it up because she was flashing her cooter.
And those two, she was flashing at Hooters.
Is that what he just said?
That's what he just said.
Positive, that's what he said.
I would have sworn.
I would have bet your life on it.
So those two are like way out ahead of everything else.
And as far as the number three,
there are nails buddy, Jacob.
The only thing you'll hear more about that is,
if and when this great reunion takes place,
which I'm confident it will soon,
and I'll give you like an update.
That's it.
And if not, well, who knows what that's all about.
But we'll see.
A congresswoman appears into it.
And by the way, if it doesn't,
if it turns out to be another ugly episode in my life,
that's all my gals fall.
I just want you to know since you're there.
I'm not talking behind your back.
Sorry.
I'm talking right to your face.
You, Mr. Myspace.
Aren't you a little bit old to be,
I mean, I realize that you know who this one on here.
And of course, look at me.
Am I not a little bit old to be diddling around?
Or am I a space but it's our page now thanks to you.
A congresswoman appears in a video clip calling for a
Fidel Castro's assassination.
Says the footage is fake.
See, I started right off with a Castro story just because
Miguel is there.
You know, what a boring story.
I'm not holding a grudge against him for all the angst
and grief that he had caused me.
And I know it's a plot.
Yeah.
I like how the media is playing this story up like it means something.
Though she adds she would herald the Cuban leader's death.
And of course, the anxious, the one-dimensionally obnoxious,
the nasty, ratty, smillin,
Iliana Rosanna-Dana-Latin, the name of Miami,
who was recently tapped to become the taper publicant
on the House International Relations Committee.
She was tapped.
They stuck along,
CHOO!
Appearance.
Appears in the 28th second clip being circulated on the internet
by makers of a new British documentary,
638 Wails to Kill Castro.
Thank you, Abe.
And she says,
I welcome the opportunity of having anyone assassinate Fidel Castro
and any leader who's oppressing the people.
But the eventabour lawmaker claims the filmmaker's
splice clips together to get the sound bites.
She said it bites.
I think she bites.
I think she makes me nauseous.
Still the clip is fake.
And?
And nothing.
It's much do-bout-nothing.
If it makes her look bad, I like it.
I haven't seen it.
But if it makes her look like her,
I'll see it.
It's which you.
Blarry and children can see that it's fake.
It's twisted in a way that gives the viewer a totally long impression Rosanna-Dana-Tolde-Hill.
I've said the community has moved on
that those strategies are not being used today,
but apparently the filmmakers still think we're in a
60s mentality.
Whatever that means.
Well, I'm going to 60s.
And as far as the constituents go, it does not.
They can look bad.
No, because nothing would make her look bad to them.
One dimensional slimeball.
A spokesman for Rosalite and said the congresswoman has never called for anyone's assassination,
though the politician himself said she can't rule out that she ever mentioned Castro
in a potential assassination.
If someone were to do it, I wouldn't be crying, she said.
Rosalite and said she's seen the document.
It's interesting to me, but when he crows, which probably be fairly soon, then what?
What are people like her?
What are they going to be pandering about?
She said she's seen the documentary and the clip didn't make it into the final cover.
A link to it is provided on the front page of the film site.
It is available through you.
She's not sure about saying she wants Castro dead.
But it moved.
And I apologize to even though she's been dead a long time.
What's her name?
Gilda Radner.
I have a brain fart on her name.
I know Gene Wilder.
He's still alive and she's dead.
I don't like Gene Wilder.
I just don't think he's really all that funny.
He was in some really bad movies.
He was in young Frankenstein, wasn't he?
Right.
He's not pretty good.
Willy Wonka.
Willy Wonka.
794 votes on the poll today.
We got 1,000 left.
No sweat.
Here's our very first call of a great week.
QAM. Hello.
QAM.
What did I tell you?
First call of a great week on the phones.
QAM. Hello.
Okay.
There's two for two.
Let's make it a clean sweep.
QAM. Hello.
Okay. There we don't even need the swiffer duster for that.
Wow.
Wow.
Hey listen.
These people are busy, man.
They've really found that we're getting off that phone.
Remember how we had done it?
Let me try one.
Here's another one.
QAM. Hello.
All right.
Let's have four hours of that sound.
Let me try it again.
Oh, now it's not doing anything.
Hello.
Oh, he sounds good today.
This is going to be a banter week.
The biggest thing is slow.
Best talents in the basis.
Me, Roger.
No, no, no, no, no.
You do not belong and hear your damn crackhead.
Go smoke your crack, please.
Kid, rock, bat, bat.
And with his upcoming divorce.
Kids singing all of your favorite holiday classics as only.
Kid, rock, and deliver.
Presenting.
Kid, ties one on for Christmas.
You'll hear Kid Rock sing.
Oh, holy.
Beats got blown over by a reindeer.
Richie, the Red Does think to please come home for food and Christmas.
Heart, the divorce lawyer's sing.
Referment is coming to town.
Guide, rescue, hepatitis, docks.
You're a mean one, Mrs. Booz.
And last Christmas with George Michael.
Kid, ties one on for Christmas.
Available at Barnes and Noble and Cochrane.
And kid needs somebody to act.
I'll tell you one poll we've never taken.
Who is probably the most classless person you can think of?
You know, somebody famous.
Donald Trump.
No.
Donald Trump has compared to Kid Rock and Pamela Lee,
which I thought you hated her like poison and...
I do. Pamela Skank.
Anderson.
Oh, these are the Skanky slimy people.
Yeah.
Oh, what's her name? The Chick from Hole.
Courtney Loes.
Oh, speaking of Chick from somewhere.
So I saw a movie.
I'm worried.
It's how do you like that?
Word Association.
Hello?
Goodbye, like that.
Man, listen, I'm getting old.
Into the blue.
That tells familiar.
It's from last year.
It's directed by my favorite person in the world, John Stockwell.
That tells real familiar.
And it's really bad.
It's a horrible movie.
And it's about these deep sea divertide people
and they find this plane that's got all these drugs.
No, universal.
No, Jessica Albin.
Jessica Albin.
That's why I was going to recommend it to you guys.
Jessica Albin, including some very provocative bikini scenes.
And we have the pictures.
Paul Walker is in it.
One of my very favorite people in the world who's like walking around almost naked in the whole movie anyway.
So there's something for everybody.
But I couldn't get through the whole thing.
It was just so bad.
Man, I did that.
How come Paul Walker was never in a good movie?
I mean, it's not that he's a bad actor.
I wouldn't say he's a great actor.
But he's got something.
And he's getting pretty old too.
He's 33.
Ancient.
But you haven't seen Into the Blue?
I don't think so.
Well, Jessica Albin, the factor might, you know, if it just pops up on your cable, you might want to take a look.
I'll take a look at it.
I heard it.
So.
I think you're pardoned?
I heard it sucked.
Yeah, I just got through Tonya.
Maybe that's where I heard it.
It was very, very weak.
And if you look it up on IMDB, which I don't know what it is about me, but does everybody do this?
Once you find that rating thing on there, I mean, I don't need somebody else to tell me that they like the movie for me to know that, you know, I have a good taste or whatever.
If I like it, I like it, you know, but it had a 5.5, which is really weak, you know.
Anything under a six is really lame.
But I still like John Stockwell on Spider-Man, and I like Paul Walker a lot.
But he was always in really cheesy movies, you know.
What else was he in?
Wasn't he in one of those movies?
Oh, that's hilarious.
Oh, oh.
Fast and furious.
Oh, you're right.
He's never been that furious.
He's never been that furious.
I know I would do him fast and furious, but that's beside the point.
I'm sure he could run like a son of a bitch.
834 votes on the pool.
Oh, I guess speaking of...
What's he lost in about Hepatitis and all the other?
You notice how these cruise ships have got like a real run that runs on this deal going now.
Didn't see these stories?
Oh, yeah.
Of course.
For the third time in two months yesterday, luxury cruise ships sailed into South Florida,
ports bearing sick people, puking their guts out.
Oh, yeah.
See, I keep telling you, and you'll do whatever you want to do, because you all know better than I do.
If you want to waste your money and have a really bad time and get very, very sick possibly,
and maybe have your wife or girlfriend or both raped and the beaten and murdered whatever,
then they go on a cruise.
More than 100 passengers in crew arrived in Port Everglades on Princess Cruises,
son Princess, showing symptoms of neurovirus, a gastrointestinal illness that resembles stomach flu.
And 99 passengers and 11 crew members came down with the virus on Royal Caribbean's Freedom of the Seas
for the second time in a week.
For the second time in a week.
So this is the 100-mommy-based cruise line of federal regulators.
They're puking their guts out, maybe they're on their hands and their knees.
All hands on deck, literally.
Freedom of the Seas, the world's largest cruise ship, was held over at the Port of Miami for additional cleaning.
How'd you like to have that job?
No, thank you.
Under the direction of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,
two additional doctors and 45 more cleaning staff aboard the ship for its next Caribbean voyage,
now scheduled to begin tomorrow.
Any volunteers want to step up in line who wants to go on a next cruise on that ship?
The CDC issued a no-sale recommendation for Freedom of the Seas,
folks have been courteous out on the Seas.
It's fairly rare that we show a no-sale recommendation.
He says it's been several years.
On December 3rd, the same cruise ship returned to Miami with nearly 400 people
eiling from the same symptoms after a seven-day puking your guts out cruise.
It's the puking your guts out cruise.
On the some princess, the latest outbreak struck 97 of the 2013 Pazgios,
as well as six crew members, acted a vessel returned from a 10-day Caribbean cruise,
spokeswoman Julie Besson of the Santa Clavida California-based cruise line,
said those drinking were complaining of stomach illnesses such as diarrhea.
All right, wild screaming, that's right.
Those are the safe sounds.
Don't go get enjoy-solved that out of shape now with a danger like that, sir.
That's me pouring a glass of water into a bite.
Diariate cramps, that's cramps without the M, and vomiting.
You can adjust that.
Although not yet confirmed, the illness is expected to be neurovirus,
Benson said the highly contagious condition quickly spreads aboard ships
through human contact, contaminated food or liquid,
or by touching an infected surface, and transferring the virus to the mouth
as MOUF mouth, as in smash mouth football.
The sun princess said about extensive cleaning yesterday,
Benson said the ship departed 530 yesterday afternoon,
Benson calculated the stricken passengers at almost 5% of the ship's total roster.
This was not a serious one, she said.
Now this was just a little minor puking and the crap in your gutsa.
On November 19, Carnival Cruise's Liberty pulled into port ever,
laid after a 16-day cruise in which 534 out of 2,800 passengers complained
of an intestinal virus of the 1186 member crew 142 were treated for.
In other words, if you want to get sick, here's a really expensive and nasty way to do it.
And of course, you know, eat up all your vacation time too.
All your leisure time, all your vacation time,
and all your hard earned money, right down the old toilet,
literally and figuratively.
I don't know what old cruise.
Now you think we're going to have any calls that are going to actually come through today or not?
Maybe we'll make a clean sweep.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Hello, is this New Rogers?
Yes sir, is this a voice?
Yes, it is. It's me, Danny. How are you doing?
Okay, Danny.
Can I speak to Neil?
Is this Danny of Jimmy and Danny or just plain roll Danny?
This is Neil Smith and Danny.
This is a plain old fashioned Danny from Waterdale.
Okay, let's go to Danny and for Waterdale.
Hello, Danny.
How are you doing there?
It's not Danny.
He did Montreal, Canadians and Amsterdam.
By the way, the leaf stuck, the Patriots stuck to join out.
It's been one of those deals.
Yes, go ahead.
Okay, I'm back with you.
Hey, Dale, when you're going to bust the reins of this conventional radio and hop over to satellite anytime soon or anytime?
No, I'm doing okay.
I'm making a couple of bucks.
I'm just going to go away, Danny.
Oh, brother.
What is wrong with these people?
Okay, I don't need any career advice.
I don't need any advice.
How to do the show?
I've been doing this a long time.
I'm doing just fine.
Thank you.
Okay, that's all.
And last week I could have used a little psychological assistance, thanks to McGill and his Myspace.
But that's okay.
I think that's all ironed out.
I don't know.
And life will go on.
One way or the other, my life will go on.
I was thinking, though, and now this, and I'm only saying this joking, man.
I wanted to say that right up front real fast before anybody takes me seriously.
I'm having relapse.
But you know how they have all these horrible, and I do mean horrible, segments, these prefabricated segments on our sports shows.
Certainly the ones they've waited the morning down with, you know, like, uh...
Herb Kirk, Jerk Street, and all this other stuff.
I was thinking maybe since, you know, he enjoys the attention so much.
Maybe we could have the Jacob segment on the show, like once a week, like every, you know, for 15 minutes.
Okay.
It was just a joke, okay?
It was just a little laughing on the inside.
No, you're not.
You're crying.
You're crying on the inside.
Which of you are crying for me?
Which of these do you want to hear no more about?
We asked 849 votes pretty good.
Especially, here we are just two weeks before Christmas and the Glam are all very, very busy, you know?
Their lives are all like spoken for every minute of every day.
Pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, they're like all wound up, like a Hanukkah bush.
And on the 15th, that's, uh, Saturday, right?
Uh, Friday is Hanukkah.
Yes.
So this year, the Jews get to jump on the Glam, baby.
And of course, the Iraqis are the only people that jump on anything they can.
All those virgins.
Which of these do you want to hear any more about?
Paris Hilton 214, Brittany and Kevin 187, Niels buddy Jacob, 86.
Pretty week third there, Jacob.
Although, I guess he probably should be happy with that.
Branch Elena 67, sports talk, 65, George Hauden for that.
He don't want no more sports talk.
And after he has to, after this weekend sporting events, I'm giving him the sports up.
2D printing, sports talk, 65.
Brady Quinn 53.
Well, don't listen to this show if you don't want to hear about Brady Quinn normal.
When you agree with that?
Absolutely.
I mean, there are some other people that, you know, one way or the other all depending on what happened.
But in Brady's case, I'm just...
And it came in a very, very week third and he has been voting.
I thought that was, uh, like a slap in the face.
By the way, somebody sent something that I forwarded along to.
It's in your, uh, real email address.
About what?
It's Brady Quinn.
It's funny.
Oh, it's a TV TV video.
And then the thing they're putting there would be Tom Brady.
I think that put the jinx on it for that game yesterday.
That thing you sent me.
Which thing?
I forgot.
No.
Maybe that's the one.
Now, see you're confusing Tom Brady and Brady Quinn.
What?
What a Brady, that's a thing.
It was fun.
Oh, yeah, I think he's doing too many more vato spots, Tom Brady.
Instead of playing football, you got to play a little smash mouth football out there, Tommy.
He was pathetic.
I didn't watch any of it though.
I'm proud to say.
I saw the low lights and read about it.
Tragic.
Iraq 50.
No more about Iraq, please.
We're just denonced.
We're puking.
Just like the people on the ship.
Politics 45.
Christmas 35.
Enough already with a Christmas carols.
It would be a hockin' with a Christmas and a Yoshiki and this and that.
And away in the manger and dough holy night and cetera.
I hit this pool 26, 3% and global warming will need 23 out of 856 votes, man.
But we had Danny on there.
That was a good start to the week's calls.
And what was he doing?
Giving me advice about how I ought to be on satellite and about.
Bap, bap, bap, bap.
I'm 180 years old, Danny.
Okay, I'm not looking at them just to go.
Two years to go.
Two years in 19 or 20 days.
Nothing I'm counting.
Although I'm going to extend.
I'm extending that just so I can keep everybody else alive.
And I can leave a lot of money in my will then.
Isn't that interesting last Thursday when I did that show?
And then again, Friday when we hit kind of like a follow-up.
A lot of people out there want to be in my will, okay?
And that interesting.
Kind of jump at the opportunity.
You think they will?
I would say no.
No, not the ones who think they will.
26 past 11, past 1.
Gee, this thing is flying along, isn't it?
So far.
I hope.
I wish.
Is it Friday?
A couple of weeks.
I've been here for a while.
Is it Friday yet?
Oh, Friday at 155.
Please.
Great be only.
Just in time for Christmas.
Elton John's biggest hits on one CD including your song.
It's a little funny.
This feeling inside.
Don't let my lunch come out of me.
The best role in the win.
It seems to me you lived your life like a kid.
You're like a fool.
Saturday night's all right for a few days.
I guess that's what they call it.
The flu.
I guess that's what they call it.
The error.
I'll get you worse now.
1031 at 560 WQM Happy Monday too.
Let's end by the way Friday, current screw me up again.
This last Friday?
Yeah, he gave me a set on the schedule mad dog at 2 at Hooters in wherever the hell it was.
And then I hear a Ken doing the update just before I shut the thing off.
And you know, Curtis standing by for the mad dog.
Am I correct?
I don't know.
I heard it.
I heard it with my own one big fat ear that's connected with my rear.
I heard it.
It might be something like Oprah.
You know, she had the things she talked through her body part.
You'd be surprised what you told her.
Your ear was connected to your ass.
At any rate, spending in the contentious Ryan Klein,
I'm really tempted to take a whole bunch of calls here just to see if they're going to,
what's going to be between now and the end of the year?
I think it's going to be pretty lame.
Of course, you're thinking,
Monash Tana Halalajaze.
That's right.
Why is this dated from many other days?
I knew that.
Don't be talking, you know, Yiddish crap on, you know, Hebrew crap on Hanukkah.
Well, there's another one of them, semites over there that said Malachim.
And that's the thing about the Arabs and the Jews against me.
They're all semites.
They're all circummations.
They shouldn't be fighting.
They shouldn't be killing each other, but they have been for thousands of years.
They are.
It's not going to stop.
That's right.
Castor is dead.
Etc.
Well, my Armanzki's home was on again, you know, a stand-vography.
I'd already seen it, but I love the Jack Amazing clip.
I love it.
I can't turn it off.
That's my, that might be my favorite channel of all of them, is biography channel.
That's a good channel.
It's a great channel.
And people are saying,
What are you watching that for when you can watch Inked and Dog the Boundy Hunter
around A&E, man?
And, uh, and flip this house.
You know what I do?
I see that flip this house.
I flip off the screen, man.
I hold up all ten things.
I actually got stuck watching some of that.
I thought, oh, I flipped through the house.
I flipped through the house.
Yeah. Well, one of these people thinking about it.
Who are the people who are watching flipped this freaking house?
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
Sounds.
A silence.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
I told you we had Danny so far.
Danny, you could be our only caller all day today.
Hello.
Q.A.M.
Yeah, like I said, Danny could be our only caller.
And he had nothing to say except, uh, idiocy.
Give me career advice.
That's it.
5670560.
Count 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
That's the end of our calls.
That could be the end of the calls for the whole week.
Now, I know why you're going on vacation next week.
And why I'm going on vacation a week after that.
In fact, maybe I'll take both weeks off.
Let's charge to the show.
Yeah, let's show up next week and discover.
He's the only one there.
Okay, guess what, Josh?
You're running the board.
You're doing a show and you're playing the spots, et cetera.
And, right.
Right.
And sending yourself the facts is too when they come in.
Running in the other room.
Mm-hmm.
Why not?
But you know what?
Clarence is.
It only takes one person to do this show.
That's what Clarence is.
He's got Joe Belkinvets to that.
Oh, I'm sure that.
Just like they had Greg.
Remember the day that Greg came in there with Muff?
And, uh, I forget who else.
Maybe just the two of them.
And they were looking around like, uh, like, oh, yeah.
Let's see how this really works here.
Do we really need three people to do this show?
And then he wasn't here.
Do we need two people on the, yeah.
And of course, on the sports show, they got to cast it like 75.
Because that's important.
That's important to grab, you know, going all the way.
That's important to our unimportant crap.
WDQ-YM, hello.
WDQ-YM, hello.
That must have been sand.
WDQ-YM, hello.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Brown County Courts are in joke.
Yeah.
All right.
Okay, Brown County Courts are in joke.
There's a hole in.
Everybody laugh on QO.
Okay, there's the joke.
He's almost as funny as Bill Marb, but not quite.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Your face is locked up.
I told you.
Wow.
The whole week is going to be really special between now and to the end of the year.
It's only three weeks.
What are you worried about?
And you won't be here one or one or one either.
Mm-hmm.
Thanks, God.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Q-YM.
Hello.
Is it the new Roger Show?
Yes, man.
This is he.
Oh, hi.
I just want to tell you that I love your show.
I listen every single day.
You're the best thing on the radio.
And I graduated high school with Norman Kent.
Oh, well, I'm so sorry for you.
Oh, my God.
Everybody in life has certain obstacles to overcome.
And I was one that you finally, a hurdle you jumped, I guess.
I guess so, but I just think they're awesome.
I said the funniest thing on the radio.
Well, thanks and give Norman a big kiss on me.
A cheek.
If you got George Rodd, I don't know.
Okay, thanks.
Bye.
Oh, how do you like that?
Oh, the same.
I'm graduating from high school with Norman Elliott Kent
when I've quit.
You're free.
89 votes on the pool.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Q-YM.
We're going to the strip of all.
Yeah, you're going to the bowl, all right?
Okay, just like the people out of cruise ship.
Okay.
Take some sharming with you.
Okay, and take some, take Rosie and the, uh,
Bounty on the counter.
Okay, mutiny on.
Yeah, maybe that's what it was mutiny on the counter.
I think she's dead, isn't she?
Rosie lived in the Bounty spot.
I'm sure she is.
I think so.
Remember Rosie?
Well, the things that are up there.
I think they wrapped, yeah, they wrapped her up, uh,
they wrapped up her carcass in Bounty, big roll of it.
And it's still leaking.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing, buddy?
Okay, Pally.
All right.
What did you think about the factory scam yesterday?
I know our name is Portio, but I know you're a factory's fan.
What do you mean what did I think?
What would you like me to think?
I didn't watch it.
I went to a wood buy.
I didn't watch it because I knew they would miss the bus.
And they did.
They stunk.
When I played crap teams like Detroit the week before the
Alice Blue that came, Patriots for years now,
when I played garbage teams, they played out of their level,
they just didn't show up.
They stunk.
They were in embarrassment.
They were humiliating and degrading.
Is there anything that needs to be said?
I already said that.
Did I, before we got started?
I don't want to spend a lot of time on you, you know,
on you hot shots.
So, the dolphins beat your team big, thinking deal.
And the dolphins start going to make the playoffs,
and the Patriots will still run into the vision,
and they won't go anywhere anyhow, because they're highly overrated.
They're just not that good.
In fact, the whole league, take a look at what happened.
Jacksonville pounded the Colt yesterday, 44-17.
Am I right?
Am I right?
Am I right?
Am I right?
Am I right?
That was crazy.
That was the score.
The National Media Equity League, man, you got a whole bunch, I would say,
BOT-3rd, man.
Maybe, okay, team.
In fact, you got some that are embarrassingly bad.
And then I'll tell you who impressed me though,
is I told you, Reggie Bush and the Saints.
What was the final score that came about, a hundred percent?
Maybe, I would just glide and watch that much,
because they were just kicking ass last night.
Kick and Dallas ass, which is a beautiful thing.
896 votes on the pool will have over 900 easy, by the end of this hour.
A simple deal.
Slide right in there.
She went to high school with Norman Kanchi graduated.
Aren't you impressed by that when you put that on the resume of your life?
Oh, yeah.
I'd be embarrassed.
I wouldn't tell me.
I wouldn't tell a soul.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
See this thing ain't even working now.
Oh, there it is.
QAM, hello.
I knew.
Yes, sir.
Who's wondering if you could give me some information
since you were related to people in the station?
Yeah, I'm related to people in the station.
Let's see.
Let's see.
You know everybody in the station.
Yeah.
It was something that was disturbing me.
Do you know one single athlete or sports personality
that the Humphor has not had dinner with in the last six months?
No, there's no such person on the planet.
Okay, he's trying to say that Humphor's a named rapper,
which we all know.
We still love the Humphor regardless whether he dropped it or not.
I'd take it one thing if he would drop the fork as fast as he drops the names.
He wouldn't weigh 700 pounds right now.
I don't know how he's doing, but I sure hope he's okay.
Happy holiday, St. Hopper.
Happy Chanooka.
Never going to recover from seeing him on that thing.
Let's see.
Here is a, oh, look at this.
You were discussing on Friday your favorite ice cream slice,
people watching Spots in Berlin.
It isn't really ice cream.
No, it's not that that's my favorite ice cream.
No, there's much better ice cream than Hagen-Dauze in Germany.
Oh my god, I got like a moving pick and whatever.
They got great ice cream there.
And Hagen-Dauze ain't it?
It's still watery.
I just like eating there because I can take a little cup of ice cream
and sit there on the Akudam and one of those little umbrella tables
you know and watch the beautiful people walk by.
And my tongue is down on the sidewalk.
I'm like, eh, eh, like that.
Oh, man, you want to see some really great looking people.
Do not forget about Florida.
I'm not saying that there aren't any good looking people.
Well, that's because most of the people I see in Berlin
are under the age of 100.
That's why.
And didn't just come off a banana boat.
It isn't really ice cream but there's a good joint on Lincoln Road called
Jellot to the Eiff Parmolot.
Oh Parmolot, that's the place where they had all those billions of dollars missing
in other Italian scandal.
An Italian scandal, that's unusual, isn't it?
Jellot to the Eiff Parmolot, which is good or better than anything you get in Italy.
Oh, I can get out of here.
Get away.
Get away.
Jose.
Of course, the people watching on Lincoln Road is on parallel.
It seems a good place for a sugar daddy to take his boy toy.
So perhaps you might take Jacob there.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
His boy toy.
All right.
The reason why Tom Brady always plays terrible when he comes down here is because of the
distractions.
He's a party animal.
Last year he was in South Beach, partying within a week of the season ending.
He was also down here during this year's by a week.
If a crappy team like Tampa Bay or Detroit, drafts, Bady Quinn,
would you become a lion's and a bus fan?
No.
Well, this is a little on the sarcastic side.
And as if I'm only a patriotist fan, which I became long before I ever heard of Tom Brady,
I would bloodshed over the quarter back and they were stinkin' the joy now.
But again, you know, dilute yourself in whatever you think, whatever the hell makes you happy, okay?
Oh, brother, this is, you know, something, this is a good fact.
You wonder why?
Because this epitomizes both out there.
And when I did that show on Thursday, I guarantee you this represents,
and somebody wants to hit some nice calls and some nice stuff on the online.
But this is the majority thinking out there, you know?
And of course, I know that I'm the only person on the face of the globe who's a sucker for pretty face.
When you're with that, wouldn't you both jump right in there and say, oh, yeah, no?
Yeah, nobody ever feels that way.
You're just an old perverted defect.
And of course, I readily admit to that.
And your heck is the aim of best talent in the face is pure Rochester.
Yeah, you know, in that DIY, as you seek a hell.
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, do it.
When I go walk, once guys to go, when they look at my chest,
while a pair that will fill up my sweater.
Now that A cup wants a D cup, I deserve some new breasts.
I have really been a good girl all year.
Rest in plan, rest in plan, rest in plan, rest in plan.
I really want bigger boobies.
You dance in the battle.
You dance in the battle.
My huge smile, my huge mouth.
That's what I once Christmas day.
Okay. 1046-5600-wQ-yam.
How many votes have we got on that pool?
Nine, or something.
927.
Not bad.
Have a thousand and lick at his foot then it'll be George and Miguel till two o'clock a rat
Also anyway, I never gave the schedule out because I got interrupted their bitch and out clearance
Forgive me bad information on them for any of the did mad dog at two
So it says in my schedule whether he shows up or not
I you have to tune in find out power hour with Humber and a mad dog together four to five
Hank will be dropping a lot of names Humber solo five to six thirty and then whoa
Take a look at this take a puket this schedule speaking of all the people going on
Four came warm up at six thirty u.m. And Mississippi state college hoops from 79 followed at nine
Eddie K works till a one a.m. I
You impressed by that hurricane hoops. Oh, we should be a gigantic tune in for that
I bet your carus is gonna be on that thing. Isn't he oh?
Yes, you bet
927 votes which of these do you want to hear no more about no mo
Parasultant 237 and the Britney and the Kevin two away if they're pretty damn tight and of course
Paris and Britney are pretty tight is anybody care about that?
Oh, you know, you know, it's you know what it is to me
Well, at least Britney of nothing else. She's consistent. She's got bad taste in her friends and her boyfriends and her life
You know, she's got bad taste. She hangs with trash
Holding this case trash with a lot of money. Here's a certain two thirty seven Britney and Kevin two away
Neal's buddy Jacob 93 years that boy toy
Brangelina 71 sports talk 68 Brady Quinn 57 Iraq 56 politics 46 Christmas 37
I hate this pool. Look at that. How many votes does it got?
3.2% and global warming only 24 as we approach that thousand mark. Let's take a thousand calls here today, huh?
Because if the world is good as so far and of course that first back so that it was really heartwarming to
Didn't didn't make you warm the cockles here. I warned something like there
Warm by them as WQ I am hello
WQ I am hello
And then yes sir
Me
We've calling is this Neil?
Yeah, Roger. Yes, sir. Yeah, Roger. How did you was a back boy?
Why
What I'm here what he said a what boy? I don't know a budgie boy. Oh, budgie. Yeah
I don't know that's what it sounded like to me. So what that was so funny about it. You're like your breathing
That wasn't me laughing. I was impersonating his breathing. He was Roger the Indian boy. Okay. He was on her
He was on tape
Hey, listen, he was trying to get a grassy one light
Five intellectually challenged like most of our callers five six seven oh five sixty pound five
Sixton the Verizon singular wireless line. It's all phone call our request last part of the year between now and the end of the year
Another good idea do it. No
Well, I've been staring last week. They stare with all these out of out of the field
I don't know where making these answer white for requests. I don't know what that's all about
Well, it's because they have no material because we open the phones again a couple weeks ago and they have nothing else
Well, let's build a pool. What do you say no?
WQ I am hello
Q I am
Yes, but oh Jay on that fall in the old today, okay? No, okay
That's all okay. Thank you
See you like put it. He's given directions again. Just like the first call to that Danny guy who's gonna be directions of my career
Shall we actually get over to satellite radio and get off of this terrestrial a crap?
And I'm like like Howard get on there and like lose 95% of your audience like he did of course in my case
I'd be gaining a tremendous audience, but who cares?
It's all about the money baby in this business all about the cash and I'm doing just fine
And believe me whatever I lost, which was a very mind-re-mouted yesterday
It would buy and punch in my guts out. It was well worth it not to see that game or get involved in any way shape performance
That's my blackberry with it
See you know ESPN has got a great for those of you people who got well everybody can do it on their cell phone or on their
You know
Blackberry just click on the ESPN website on an FL scores and then you click on whichever game you're interested
And it gives you like a play-by-play of every play
Now you don't really think I was sitting there watching every play while I'm sitting in my machine
Do it because it was not but often enough to see was a disaster the master of disaster
Maybe Tom Brady was like a stoned off his ass over the weekend and a parting a little bit too much
Uh, maybe that was the problem especially this time of the year
Too many Movado spots
WQ I am hello to which Jason
By the way, are they ever gonna fix that line one or is this gonna be a permanent part of the show? Yes
Oh
Ha ha ha ha
George says they either will fix it or will be a permanent part of the show
They'll fix it when they fix that CD player that never plays right that name when they get around a bit our crack engineering staff
Man they are on top of it just ask that George Corso
That's what we'd like for Christmas as an engineering staff
WQ I am hello
Hello Neil yes, how are you? Okay? I was traveling so I had to vote I didn't hear the show Thursday
That's what that's one of those I was happened to be a fabulous. Oh, sorry
Yeah, it's not that bad anymore. You haven't been there a while sir. I've been there in a long time
I have no desire to go back. I would agree but I was a miss the saga over summer is pretty nice up there
Mrs. Saga. Mrs. Saga. All right. The Hershey center. Uh-huh. It's nice up there with some a little warm there in July
But you know it's gonna be hot everywhere right? Okay, well see you around
Hey, if you guys have some good material. He was insane. Lewis and Mrs. Saga. He gets around
Sweet and here the show on Thursday a lot of people didn't hear the show Thursday
And I'm not gonna I'm not gonna rehash it for a second time. That's the last thing I need to be doing right now
Okay, the last thing
Because one thing I've discovered in my own people nimble mind life goes on, you know
We want to say it's about a Miguel trying to screw up my life with this my space page this plan
We still have 814 friends on there that number doesn't seem to be increasing even like a tad now
And of course it does a wobble a little bit back and forth
Sometimes we lose some because we have some people on there who want to be our friend
And then Miguel realizes who it is in the the answer off it real quick. Don't you that I do I see who could this possibly be on a bat line Q
I am you know
It's a girl course. It could at least get her name. There aren't that many women that call me
It's not asking too much once 20 years. I get it. Go call me
It's a little bit late to try to change your image now miss Kent. It's a little bit late normal
I mean this is really shocking
What do you want? Don't you understand you've had 400 chances on a radio
They've all been dismal failures on stations that have that old points in the ratings. Okay. What is it you want attention?
You have to go in a rear. I mean maybe I can hook you up with Jacob
Okay, because you have one thing in common you both love attention go away normal
Although I wouldn't do that to Jacob or anybody else. I don't think Jacobs you're on a way yet
Although maybe he has again
942 votes on a full normal. Is that amazing or what is this just I knew it would happen
You know what I made it all was waiting for him to call for a normer to call because that woman called
She was a very nice lady. She said she graduated high school with him
That didn't mean we were inviting you to call you had nothing to say. Okay. You had nothing to say
You should have been calling about Danny that called to start the show about how come I'm not on terrestrial radio
Since you're my agent lawyer in a hot shot and you know
Responsible for me being on this horse ball radio station
making these Paul free dollars and
And you know I'm gonna say another thing if he was really a good lawyer
He would have been able to take care of that thing with my will without asking for all these additional and then that would they would have been
Overwards see if he could have done it right
You know what I'm saying what he said I'm saying he could have helped me avoid all that source and grief and angst you know
It's always good to blame things on somebody else as you know
Usually it's George
Hey
Oh, and that building it's usually poor little George
Evil Neil doesn't like me because George is saying that's correct just like
WQ a.m. Hello
John
WQ a.m. Hello
Q a.m. Well, yes, sir, you want to go fishing with me? No, thanks
Although several things do sound fishy to me and you're one of them WQ a.m. Hello
I think that got one to drop his pool in the water Q a.m. Hello
Hey, I did not go to high school with Norm Kess. Well, congratulations to that good speaks well for you
Happy all day, sir. Okay back to you. Well, there's a guy didn't go to high school don't ever call on that bad line again
Norma don't call period just go away
How come in the middle of the day like that he you know guy like him hot shot attorney? How can he's not doing some work?
How come he's calling and trying again desperately to be a radio celebrity?
Yeah, call in the Joyce Kaufman show that's more of your alley norma Joyce Kaufman
I wonder if she's kind of George S. Kaufman who used to be on what's my line ask chicken at hilltider
950 votes on the pool. We got that thousand licked real easy man
Which of these do you want to hear no more about Paris Hilton and Brittany and Kevin they got the they're way out in front
It's basically a two-hoss race
The Paris Hilton thing is just that that's what's wrong with the world and what's wrong with America right there George W
Bush and Paris Hilton those two ever seen together
No
Maybe daddy now what's gonna happen when when Sunny boy this one gets impeached do you think daddy's gonna be crying about that?
Oh, I can't wait for I can't wait for the next speech
And how come he didn't take more crap for that you know
What a lunatic
Oh
They said all those terrible things about his boy and his boy didn't win that election because and I read it
We had an interesting article on the website about the fact that the you know his whole game plan was that the first
It was gonna be two terms for W then two terms for the Jebster course in his own case
It was only one term because Bubba kicked his ass with his thousand points of light and read my lips
The neo-Roger show
Kramer what is the deal with your behavior?
But
Guessing
30 of your apologies
You
Will
I want you to say, and you keep saying the word.
I think it's myself, just saying the word.
Just love, I just love saying it.
But you keep saying it.
Now you're in a lot of trouble.
I get how bad you are, my friend.
Make some bourbon home boy, that's calm.
I thought it was more like the water Nazi myself.
But what I know, there is no water Nazi, keep that in mind.
976 votes on the poll were on the precipice, run on the edge of a thousand.
Pretty exciting.
Pretty good, great cramp.
Not as good red as the calls though so far.
Spending in the contentious, run-clang clay-shock and rational contest this year reached
the most stratospheric levels by election day.
The total which exceeds 13 and a half million dollars works out to $63.51
for every vote cast in the briar-pombeach-conidestory.
63 and a half bucks of vote.
Clines victory in November was the culmination of one of the most expensive
and rational contest in the USA.
The reason is no secret any South-Flover team with a TV set.
The contest was fought largely over the airwaves and one of the nation's most expensive TV markets.
Clined a Democrat from Boka and shot a Stagie, a right-wing Republican from
Fort Lauderdale, spent a combined $7.7 million and an addition 5.9 million would spend
on their behalf with 96% of that cash coming from the Democrat and Republican committees
charged with supplementing the audio-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-
ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee e
wooooooooo!!! Okay, man, they're good today and I'm sorry I did not predict this before we restarted, before we embarked upon this adventure, this adventure in lunacy and insanity, 56670560 and 9506 in the Verizon and Singular wireless line. Whoo!!!
WDQA and hello. Hey man. Yeah, man. What do you- What do you gotta guess with women, man?
How long have you been working on this accident, man? How long have you been working on this 40-active, man?
Yeah, man. That's right. I'm a faggot man and happy about it.
Mon get back on a banana boat and go back and see areas
Elephantay
Smok
I'm a 84 votes. You're a foggot man. There's a bulletin' for you. Niels a faggot.
All right
WQA and hello
Talk to me. Speaking
Neil, I got one for your poll. It's a frequent poll subject but it's one you haven't done in a long time. It's restaurants. We love that are gone
I'm gonna give you one that that I think you probably
What do you mean? I've got one for your poll. I don't understand anything you just got to
Saying what line would you speak? Sir a future poll. Oh
That's future poll not today's fault, but future. Oh, okay. All right restaurant we love in South Florida that are no longer around
Right. You've done before. I know you've done about a million times right. He knows that he just got to say that
But here's the thing. There's one that you didn't put on there, Neil but I think you would have liked you
I'm going to do the pull again so we can add one more for you.
What restaurant is that, sir?
That is Harrison Perilhouse in Pompa, no beach.
Remember that one?
Never heard of it.
You can stuff your face with mediocre food.
It was great.
Never heard of it.
I don't know how you could have missed it.
Okay, well listen, I go stuff something right now.
Back to him.
I need you now in the pull world.
I love it away from a thousand.
Wow, I bet your wheelchair in it would be proud.
Make well proud, okay?
Make daddy proud.
WDQYM, hello.
Hey buddy.
Yes, sir.
You ever tried that to Hagen Daz and Hollywood Beach?
It's pretty interesting.
Is it really?
The Hagen Daz and Hollywood Beach, I'll have to give that a try.
Wow.
Seriously, these people are in desperate need of mental help.
But then again, you already know that because you're stuck there.
Yeah.
I'm not.
And it makes me so much happier when we finish, when we conclude at two o'clock on a day
like this, which is almost every day when we're taking calls.
It makes me feel so relieved not to be there.
WDQYM, hello.
Torreg.
WDQYM, hello.
Yeah, Neil's boyfriend there Tom Brady didn't perform too smoothly yesterday now.
No.
Yeah, I told you he was an excatier if you were on.
Oh, I see.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, let me say it again.
The Patriots are going to win the division.
They're going to the playoffs.
How your dolphins going to do, huh?
See, I knew that.
There are two things in my mind.
I knew beyond a shadow of a doubt.
After doing that show Thursday, it would be getting calls and factors like the one I just
threw in the aircraft were there, the facts.
And I'd be getting like this after the Patriots stuck the joint out.
OK.
Yeah, we want a game you moron.
It makes me a moron because my team stuck the joint out.
OK, and lost the game.
Let's see, they're nine and four.
The fish are six and seven last time I checked.
Am I right about that, Miguel?
Six and seven.
Yeah, it sounds like a losing record to me, but nevertheless.
See, this is the mentality of these sports nerds.
My team is better near team.
Therefore, I'm a better person than you are.
Yeah, you should lose so long.
You schmuck.
I beg your pardon.
They watch the game.
That makes them better because they picked the winner rather than the loser, you know.
No, they didn't pick the win.
See, when their team on those rare occasions, when their team plays well and wins a game,
then all of a sudden, you know, they talk big, which is the typical softball to F and
way, you know, because that's all they know.
And you want to know why?
I have no life.
That's it.
Because they're stuck.
WQA Am Hello.
You know, that's like a chicken in the egg question.
Were these people this way before they got stuck in South Florida as a result of being
stuck there or is this what South Florida is all about?
You pick A, B, or C.
That's a good point.
Good.
It is.
Let's take a poll on that after we do the restaurant in Hollywood where you can eat all
the crap or wherever the hell it was.
That guy was brilliant too.
Yeah, do that poll again so we can add one more on there for me or place where you need
a lot of, what do you say mediocre food?
Great.
I can't wait to try that one.
Sounds like my favorite automatically.
WQA Am Hello.
QA Am.
You're dying over there.
No, I'm not dying over here.
You're dying over there.
I'm dying over here.
And that's because you were there and I'm here.
That's why.
WQA Am Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
I think some people are just being their whole life.
I don't think people really changed like that.
You know, I think it was probably just now.
I think it was actually miserable people forever.
Uh-huh.
But you agree?
I agree, yes.
Hey, there's something else I wanted to say if I could if I, uh, you know what I was
regarding this thing?
You're like, take two, three, four hours.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
Actually, you know, I tried to call when you were sick last week or whatever.
It's about to do or just been a stolen a man.
This is a guy I had a class to me and I was stolen a man as it went along and I just
wanted to tell him I got a river.
Excellent.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Oh, and also for the poll.
Yeah.
I was going to say first off that anybody who, when you answer the phone, asks for Neil,
you should hang up on it because how much can you have listened to this show and not get
the idea that you're answering the call.
We've been called one screenless on a show for at least six or seven years now and you know,
it's just, again, that I'm going to listen to their material.
You finger it out, you know.
Yes.
Hi.
Can I please speak to Neil?
This is Neil.
Oh, this is Neil.
You know.
But, anyway, regarding the poll using the N word, I think one of the choices would be
and I use the N word any time I see a broken vera bottle.
Maybe you didn't see Claire.
Yeah.
I've seen it.
Thousand six votes on the poll.
How do you like that?
Oh.
And this guy, yeah, I think that they didn't reverse it.
You know what I'm saying?
Well, who knows where they put the tube in his back?
Um, thousand six votes on the poll, man, we all right.
It's only 11 11.
We struck a natural.
It's 11 11.
We got a thousand and six votes.
Man, old man, a chevets.
You see one thing about South Florida, this bit, oh, 1010 now.
1010 wins New York.
Uh, this time of the year changes nothing.
In fact, I think they become even more rabid at this time of the year, don't you?
Absolutely.
You know, they, that's the, they are rabid.
They're the statistic that you know very well.
What is the murderers, the suicides, crimes of violence, all that goes up around this time of year.
Yeah, they become a little more crazy this time of year.
Well, that's because the pressure resign, you know, and they're probably,
if they're in Florida, they're probably thinking, I have no luck with that.
Or maybe, I'm dying.
I'm dying.
You know, probably it's after 11 at 560 WM.
I like it though.
I hope that all week long we can continue the momentum, this level,
this level of enthusiasm and grotesqueness.
That's fine with me.
The Roger's got it.
I'm gonna stop each one here.
You're not feeling this old queen up here that right now.
You're fairly.
I thought there were little things I'll sing.
For me to go to pointy.
Who'd believe their heaven said,
With their speech in heaven and...
All right.
Christmas joy, their fairly bringing.
That was through their nose and singing.
Jesus truly did us wrong.
When he made the same whistle.
We belong to their left angel sing.
For me will make no pointy.
1117 at 560 WM.
Pathetic is the word for these calls, but the audience wanted them back, man.
And I caved to the pressure of public opinion.
That's right.
That was also on my space.
And your place in my space.
Thanks a lot McGuffer, that my space.
It's certainly added to my life tremendously.
Any time.
We couldn't live without it.
We still have 814 members on it.
I would imagine that those people are probably cut above the people
who are hearing from on the phone today.
Not much, but like a cut above.
A notch.
Oh, and you're gonna have to be happy to hear this.
The governors will refuse that you're fat ass governor.
Is satisfied that for Lauderdale City Commissioner Carlton more received no preferential free
miller who stopped by sheriff's deputy December the turtleneck.
Our preliminary review is complete.
There'll be no further action taken by this office.
The governor spokesman Anthony don't call me Dom Delewese.
At the time of the traffic stop, more than half his driver's license instead produced a city ID card.
Prompting the governor's office to review whether more was using his position as leverage.
A lot can't imagine anybody doing that.
Can you?
No, not in this town.
Or in any town.
More stated by a BSO's deputy for driving where they suspended a license according police
reports.
More has knowingly been driving where they suspended license since August Court document show.
The commissioner has accused the four Lauderdale police union of setting them up because of his criticism
of the department's use of deadly force, especially the shooting of two men who officers pulled over in November 28.
For driving a vehicle, I was reported to car jacking coke on a creek.
Troy Eddien's 21 was killed as passed to your Troy Jackson was wounded in the shooting which occurred in the system
of the area in Fort Lauderdale.
Which, what the hell is that?
I did it with this fact this guy's driving up.
But again, all your fat ass governor said that I had no problem.
No harm, no foul.
Is that what he said to him?
Like that?
And believe me, when your last name is Bush, unless it's Reggie, you're probably pretty foul.
1027 votes on the poll.
Not too bad.
56670560.
Count 560, the Verizon singular wireless line.
Go outside and you want to think the phones are smoking now, aren't they?
Smoking something.
Yeah, George needs some of the help for the holidays by the way.
He needs a, he needs a reinforced supply.
So I'm trying to like find some good crap around here.
I appreciate that.
A nice truckload of things.
Yeah, that would be good.
WQA and hello.
I put a 40, 40, 50.
Good, I'm real happy for you.
WQA and hello.
2A and.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
I would like to discuss the problems around with George.
The problems I'm having with George.
It's a guy again, remember.
Is the, is the ability to mean we know.
Yeah, yeah, your inability to be like a human being and to breathe through your nose.
Okay, stop breathing through your, okay, he's got a long shoe.
You know, and he keeps breathing through it.
Don't forget, in the blue you'll like what's your name in there?
What's your name?
I'll just see Alba here.
Like we're already.
See her name.
I like the, what's his name?
What's his name?
Oh, I did, I am DB him by the law.
He's reminding me on the close the link.
There's a, a movie something in the South Pole because I looked at his, his whole filmography.
Yeah, but it's a South Pole, he won't be naked in a whole movie like he would be wrapped up like in a, in a parker.
But that's the only one that might not suck.
I saw a little bit of it and what I saw didn't suck.
All the rest of the stuff that he's been in is atrocious and you couldn't pay me to watch.
I can't do blue, it's really, you know, you watch that because there's a lot of, there's boobies in there and all kinds of stuff.
Check it out.
All the boobies, it's a movie for boobies, about boobies.
And about the people almost naked this one and the, what beautiful cinematography in there too by the way.
Good, lot of underwater crap.
That's why there was catfish like it down there.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And pound 5, 60 and even rising in singular water.
You people are dropping your pole into water and eating them catfish.
Oh my god.
I don't know what's more disgusting to me.
Eating sushi or catfish, which would be, I like them both.
Ooh.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Neil, it'll be awesome if you could do like a two-off type show.
Just a little bit.
Yeah, okay, great.
Somebody QAM, hello.
QAM.
Is it Neil?
There he goes.
The other guy was right though, even though the guy was a jackass.
He was sticking his shoe like it was back.
I think it was empthing his bag in the corner as he was calling.
Is this Neil?
Yeah, he's right.
Every time somebody pulls that crap, immediate dial tone.
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
Your Patriots lost their girl.
Oh, your Patriots lost the king.
Waaaaah!
Waaaaah!
And your teammate could have made the playoffs again.
Waaaaah!
Waaaaah!
Too bad.
Make sure it changes my life.
WQAM, hello.
A whole nother Christmas without Tiny, you bastard.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh, man.
I'll bring his asses over to your house in the sprinkle of Monterrey.
Right, go to your like that, sweetheart.
We'll give you something Tiny.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Half-herb or a caller called Andy.
Call you a T-boy.
That's the guy.
You know what you say that?
I don't know why it's cutting out.
Bati Boy.
And what is that?
Boy, that's Jamegg.
Perkype's cutting out.
Oh, that's Jamegg for a game on.
Oh, well, I'm really offended.
Well, thanks for spying it to me, okay?
The boy.
Bati, I have no idea what that is.
And that's probably jealous because every now and then I find a good machine on.
A good machine on.
That whole Jamegg thing, man.
It leaves me a Jamegg into be like, illan.
That's the way it leaves me.
Kind of like that whole, uh, whatever.
That whole affectation, you know.
And I kind of like condescending attitude, but nevertheless,
1035 hosts here on a Bati Boy show.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, Neil, you shouldn't let these people bother you, Ian.
You know, in Sweden, I know that everything that you're doing is a big deal.
Let me ask you a question.
Yeah, because I know if it's not a series called, couldn't possibly be.
Who said these people bother me?
Oh, I know they don't.
I think it's actually funny the way they call it.
Because you know what?
Especially when they're talking about the dopants or the Patriots.
What have the dopants won since 1973?
You know what it is?
They won't look in Italian.
Who got?
Yeah, Stu gots, uh-huh.
5670560, San Luis Stu gots his boyfriend.
Make no mistake about that.
Not fooling me.
Probably another Bati Boy.
Oh, man.
No, he's Jamaicans.
They really get to me.
Yeah, he shouldn't let these calls bother you, Neil.
Yeah, they really, they only bother me the most.
And that's on the 10th and the 25th of each month.
Usually a couple days early before those dates lately.
You cry and cry and need that check to see what I'm going to do.
Oh, dude, what am I going to do?
They're being mean to me.
What am I going to do?
You're going to act like a man?
There you go.
Act like a man.
That's the way to do it.
Still like an overgrown child.
Dominic, where you at?
Hello.
Hey, Pally, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
There was a Howard, no Howard David Sighting in the press box yesterday.
Yeah.
And basically, uh, after he leaves, people talk behind his back and say,
did you ever see a guy when you're like to have more opportunities in the industry and blue
and more?
Right.
He used to do it himself out of all these things.
That's correct.
That is correct.
Yes.
See him.
Right.
Another thing.
A friend of mine driving home for Orlando on a turnpike.
He went five ports from and he had to go to bed.
He had a bolt on the side of the road.
A highway trooper, bolt him over.
Gives him a ticket for urinating in public.
Puts him in the back at a car and says, sir, I have to write you a ticket.
I said, I've been a Warren officer.
I give to the police, 11 of society and everything.
And I go, here's the ticket, $900.
Go, what?
$900, sir?
$100 an inch.
Goodbye.
Happy holiday.
Boy, no.
If I didn't know the show was going to go this way.
Yeah.
I find that he was going to be as funny as that.
I don't like actually paid attention.
I had a call didn't busy this morning.
Oh, give another 10 minutes.
You will be if you're not already.
1042 votes in our world famous pool, man.
This one is, it's what it is.
You know, it's a pool.
Which of these do you want to hear no more about?
Paris Hilton 268.
Brittany slash Kevin 233.
Neil's buddy, Jacob 98.
His boy toy.
Branch Elena 6, 84.
Sports Talk 77.
Brady Quinn 64.
Now, why is it that they don't want to hear about Brady Quinn?
Are you going to explain that to me?
Maybe it has something to do with my being a butty boy.
That could be what's.
And I think it was going to get a lot more faggy as the time goes on.
And I do it intentionally because I know it just drives some people crazy.
And I love that more faggy.
Yeah, much more faggy.
Iraq 60, politics 53.
Christmas 42 is that X-mas.
I hate this pool 37, 3.5% and global warming only 26.
So state tuned for our global warming segment coming up every day.
The heart warming in between that and what's his name?
Do Rosen, the house, Dean Bergen, the other guy, what's your guy's name?
That's Can You Me Go?
That's the other guy.
We're walker street, Paul Walker street.
You're a Kirk Street bird or whatever those are.
All those good segments that Lawrence has lined up to do his best to try and sandbag and destroy the morning show.
I hope you told Kenny that at the Christmas party.
I did not.
He was going to show it to his wife.
I just want to say one thing to you.
In all sincerity, in life there's a time to shut up and wait.
Not necessarily in that order.
Wake up and shut up.
There's my suggestion to you.
I'm already worried that you don't want to discuss on here.
The good thing I like you, that's all I can say to you.
Is it better that my space stuff you do?
Well, I will see how that works out.
The verdict on that deal is still up in the air.
You know?
Better make some calls for you.
Deal Rogers.
I have sneezed here so I am a handbag.
What's the hack-and-pull Christmas?
No, I don't have a clue.
The creature was stern.
Only a bunch of them.
I couldn't sleep so I lay there in bed.
About 9mm close to my head.
I heard an oil in that jumped up the seat.
What in the hell are I?
It could be.
I looked around the corners quite hard to believe.
I saw Santa but he did not see me.
I stood there silently.
I didn't make a sound.
He pulled toys from his bag and he spread them all around.
He filled my stockings with cartridges and then he sat down.
What I saw next is motion to us now.
He walked to the tree and he tore off a branch.
He reached in his pocket and he pulled out a match.
He scraped off some needles and stuck them in his pipe.
Then he struck the match and he gave it a life.
His eyes grew small as cheeks started to blow.
He walked to the tree and he filled another bowl.
I started the hole but it came out.
He was a knight.
Let's send a class card bus.
My smoker and my Christmas tree.
All right.
I said congratulations and Santa Claus did not know.
But you got high.
He said how do you make a stand cold and a wide and reindeer fly?
Where on up in all the cookies and milk if I wasn't high?
Then that was the night that Santa Claus got one bus by smoking my Christmas tree.
What happened to our friend?
He went through that again.
He didn't want to do this anymore.
I didn't ask you that.
I guess he was still up there and was pulling the lounge.
I think that got a call about my problem with you.
I think he may have a point.
56670560.
You see now a butter boy?
That was in 1957.
It was a machine.
You probably think I had some bias towards making people.
You probably think I was a bad guy.
I think I was a bad guy.
I think I was a bad guy.
I think I was a bad guy.
I think I was a bad guy.
But in the company I already knew I wouldn't be able to tell the true story.
But in the company I don't know the fact that that was so bad.
That's just simple.
View what it said.
a song when she was singing.
I got Shibos brain.
I got Shibos eyes.
I got Shibos grave.
I thought there was something that she did.
Well, let me take a look and see if I got it.
OK, I'm looking at the face.
I'm going to have to tell you how it is.
And make believe.
What do you think?
Not making playoff this year.
What is he talking about?
What are you?
Raving lunatic.
No.
Maybe the same one because he's another breather.
No, no.
That was some ethnic guy to call me for.
It was like some Indian guy or something like that.
Well, I don't know breathing.
There was a telemarketing kind of people from India.
Well, there was a thing on it on CBC last night about the Indian telemarketers.
And it's all sitting in this big orifice.
You know, and you're all making the big bucks and whatever.
Nine grand a month.
Almost as much as you're making.
Almost.
5161 votes.
I don't know if that's a dollars or rupees or whatever they've got over there.
Maybe they just pay them in like curry sauce.
Maybe they shimmer a little curry on it.
It's Terry Shivow's thing.
Is it what that crazy one is?
Oh, Terry Shivow's thing?
Yes.
Are you sure?
It's a, yeah, it's bogey bit.
But that's a Christmas thing?
No.
Oh.
From the producers of America.
Well, I'm not going to play it.
Then we've got all kinds of Terry Shivow bits.
I don't want to hear about Terry and her.
Shee-o.
Okay.
That was kind of like with me like alien only not quite as hysterical.
Almost no.
And the president had to leave his Crawford ranch and rush back to Washington and Congress
had a adjourn again.
Arah, go back to whatever they were doing.
One of their four days of war you that they worked.
They had to convene again so that they could vote on Terry and her.
Shee-o.
Right.
Because their pandewing to those far-bisoned igoyama.
That's what it's all about.
That's American politics for you.
Who can be the biggest bunch of pandewers?
It's one thing to be a panda bear.
It's nothing to be a pandewer.
But there's Hothma Dindjav, which I got a story about him.
A Monday night.
Iranian students have disrupted the speech by a person at Mosque with Hothma Dindjav
at a prestigious Tehran University setting fire to his picture and heckling him.
They were going like, he he he.
Not too loud of course.
Some students chanted radical slogans and inflamed the atmosphere of the meeting said
that the Amir Kabir University said the semi-efficial far-snews agency is today which is
close to Hothma Dindjav.
A Monday night.
That's him.
A small number of students shouted death to the dictator and smashed cameras of state
TV but they were confronted by a bigger group of students at all chanting, we support
Hothma Dindjav.
A Monday night.
That's the guy.
Nice outfit by the way.
He gathered at the JC Penney's on sale.
I thought it was a K-Mart.
It was the latest in the series of student demonstrations in recent days, the first
time in at least two years that such protests have taken place on this scale at Iranian
universities.
Hothma Dindjav responded by describing those students chanting the slogan says, an oppressive
minority.
A small number of people will claim there's a pressure creating a pressure and don't
let the majority hear my words he'd be saying.
According to the student news agency, whatever it holds is ISNA.
Hothma Dindjav responded with a student's chance of students can die but they don't accept
degradation by lashing out at the USA.
I'll see a Mrs. Saga, eh?
That guy to keep telling me who's in Mrs. Saga.
Well congratulations.
Maybe you'll make it up to Asha was someday if you really make the big time.
Today the worst type of dictatorship in the world is the American dictatorship which has
been cloned in human rights.
He said, our students are free and they fight and die but do not accept the foreigners'
missions or bend to them here.
They don't bend.
It is my honor to burn for the sake of the nation's ideals and defend the system.
I'm going to say they're not a bunch of body boys.
They don't bend over like that.
He was a quoted as time protestors set fire on his picture.
Americans must know that even Asha Miningjad's body is burned a thousand times for this
purpose.
Asha Miningjad will not retreat even a centimeter from those ideals.
I like people that always talk like in the third person like that.
Is that the third person?
Kooky.
Yeah.
What is it?
Kooky Kooky.
Kootney?
Yeah.
And I don't start with that crack you were talking before about Britney.
Okay that was really, I mean I thought that guy died at the crock hunter.
Right?
Crock?
Yeah he died.
All these people mess with all these vile animals man.
That's what happens in the end.
You get it in the end.
Just like that guy who was screaming about his vag got ripped open or whatever.
Your buddy that called you last week?
Yeah that's the closest person.
Your best close personal boss we all have.
We all have so many of them you know.
A thousand seventy two votes on the pool so far man we are rolling along seeing this all
getting some great calls today.
This could be one of the all time best of the end.
I'm pleased this punch.
Especially to find out after all these years that I'm a butter boy.
Aren't you pleased?
I bet you never do that.
No, batter up.
No.
I bet you Miguel knew it.
You know.
1072.
Which of these do you never you want to hear no more about?
Never again.
Parasultant 275.
Brittany slash Kevin 238.
Neal's buddy Jacob 101.
Who knows maybe he'll do another vanishing routine.
It's possible.
I never know without child.
Brangeline in 91.
Sports Talk 78.
Brady Quinn 66.
That to me is just see the rest I I can live or take you know as far as your attitude.
Your attitude toward my buddy Brady is very hostile and inexplicable and inexplicable.
They're just jealous.
Iraq 62 politics 54 Christmas 42.
Here it is the 11th of December 2 weeks before the Glowishah holiday and there's 42 people
who I hear no more about Christmas.
I hate this pull 39 3.6% global warming only 26 to 0.4%.
I think I have a stock for that.
Do you?
I do that.
Well I shouldn't have probably played that right there but then again you know me I'm in
talk with.
And the way I'm looking at this show it's like already 155 is what I'm trying to.
I'm Friday.
Right.
The last Friday before they sell the staging game pay everybody off their big contracts.
That should get you to nice Friday anyway.
You know this thing that I just.
Huh?
I'm looking at this thing that was faxed to me by that hank or rarerol guy who fancies himself
as being a sales guy.
I remember when our salesman anger came in there and told me what a sticker for detail
he was and he was going to do it.
You know this is just it is what it is you know it just is what it is.
I read through the other thing out the old one so I just you know.
Oh it's just astonishing to me.
Oh we heard somebody to write copy Q.A.M. and you're going to see a big improvement here.
Yeah right tell me another story Joe make me laugh okay tell me something that will
make me laugh.
Give me anybody.
Yeah.
I do you know honey.
I'm 27.
I'm 27.
There.
Excuse me.
Are you sure you got 27?
I got 27.
You know I mean say you have 28.
Oh yeah.
Who just won that was a 7.
What will it be Mac?
Well I have a pound of morta.
Anything else?
Yeah I'm pounded a shybo's brain.
Okay.
It's a little old.
I don't think so.
See that was worth playing I think I would have ever played it again.
There you go.
There you go.
I know I sold the charge.
12 minutes to the moon at 560 W and we got a thousand 96 votes on the full will be over 1100
in any second now.
Man in the audience out there they're writing it down on their wrist like that poor guy
in the memento.
They're writing it down on their wrist.
They're making a list and checking it twice to see if they're going to be naughty or nice.
And of course on the phone today it's been a real it's been a tweet.
As it oh yeah.
560.
560.
The Verizon singular wireless line senator Barack Obama inch closer to a presidential run
with his first visit to New Hampshire.
Home of the inaugural primary election in the campaign for the White House.
Obama who went to the granted state yesterday they had a headliner Democratic Party victory celebration
told reporters that people are very hungry for leadership that moves beyond the small and petty
slashing learned politics that we've seen over the past several years.
That's what Barack be saying.
Speaking later to a sold-out crowd at the right as a hotel in Manchester, the Illinois
Democrat outlined an agenda that includes universal health care, new energy strategy that takes
advantage of alternative sources of fuel, physical responsibility of the national security policy
that is tough and smart.
Not dumb, like Fredo, but smart, like me, like him.
Buzzer round in Obama run has intensified since he said in October that he's considering
seeking the Democratic presidential nomination in 2008, he plans to make a decision in early
the mid-January.
The freshman senator and former state legislator refers to track the national attention with his
keynote speech to the 2004 Democratic Convention as quickly vaulted toward the top in polls measuring
2008 contenders.
He's moved alongside or ahead of former senator John Edwards in North Carolina who is just boring
as a dog turd and other potential challenges trading behind former senator Hillary Clinton.
She's the front runner, but he's right on her ass.
Probably got a nose clip, wouldn't you think?
I bet.
He has an aura of charisma said Mark Wright in Political Science, Professor of the University of New Hampshire.
That's a big draw at the moment.
Clinton is widely regarded as the candidate to be if she decides to run yet concerns about her
favorability ratings, her low favorability ratings and independence and Republicans have some
Democrats looking for an alternative.
Stephen Hess presidential scholar with the Brooklyn's Institute in Washington says,
Hillary is a terribly smart person, but she's been our face since 1992.
She's annual face, baby.
He said Democrats are looking for somebody new, especially young people.
Somebody knew not the same old face, the same old smell of Hillary.
At 45 years old and barely two years of watching an experience, Obama would be among the youngest candidates in the race.
JFK, who at 42 was the youngest person ever elected president, had three terms in the house, eight years in the Senate.
Obama's lack of a couple of experience, coupled with no foreign policy or military background.
Maybe a liability of field of seasoned senators like Swarley, he can slip on a banana peel at any moment, has said.
See, now to me, I look at that as a racial comment.
See, then he can slip on a banana peel. Don't you well look at it that way?
It's like Richard is a pretty good model.
You've got to use that as an extended routine.
Slip on a banana peel.
Very, very nice.
Very nice.
Stephen Hess, my ass.
111 votes on the poll.
WDQYM, hello.
Yeah, you buying less today?
Yeah, I'm buying it.
And you're eating it.
WDQYM, hello.
QYM.
Hello, Neil.
Maxwell, smart here.
I have an answer to the trivia question.
He ain't no Mike Spindell.
I'll tell you that.
Let's get a trivia show on with Mike Spindell instead of that jock sniffing.
What is that show we got in the weekend?
Jock sniffing jock smells.
Jock straps with Tom Alexander.
In the history of my life, I never heard anything so ridiculous.
A show called Jock strap.
At least they're all.
I will say this.
That copy situation that I just encountered there, that epitomizes everything that's going on in that place right now.
That's why we're not like we used to be.
Kicking big fat, nasty, hairy, smelly ass.
Like we should be in there used to be, and it could be.
Slop.
We've got people in that building who are just slocking and sliding their way through life.
Like Hank Guerrero, for example.
He would know a piece of copy if he took ten of them and stuck them in his ear with a mallet, with a ball-peen hammer.
Hank Guerrero, my ass.
And your salesman just got the cuss putt to come in there.
Remember that thing?
He came in a couple of months ago.
Oh, this is a guy that's really on top of the thing.
You don't have to worry about Hank Guerrero.
He's going to have a copy of that over here.
Like I said.
Boy, does he have a lot of cuss?
Wow.
I think he came probably swam down from the Coooolawazi River by way of entry.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Do I have it out?
I've punched it, nothing happened.
QAM, hello.
Oh, no way, man.
There you go.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, what is cock taste like?
Chicken.
Five six.
Five six seven, oh five sixty.
Five sixty.
Five sixty.
The Verizon singular wireless line.
Whatever, ask that.
I do.
Call them a name, that's all.
We'll be hearing that all morning.
Where you relaxed.
Jesus, God, you are.
You did a line.
That was good.
That's what we always hear.
I would have thought something else but that makes sense.
You really are.
Whatever he just said.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Domino is just editing.
Yeah.
They got a meat lover.
People are going on now.
They're calling it the Wilton Manor Style Pizza.
Yeah, pass the phone back here, boyfriends.
We'd all right.
Schmuck.
WQAM, hello.
Well, this thing is doing funky things this phone.
QAM.
It's probably crumbling from the pressure of the calls.
It's giving one end out.
It's giving out.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, I didn't graduate with Norma Kent.
We'll make my holidays as far.
You play that bit where he's at the drive-through.
That's the best.
Check in the box.
No, Norma Kent.
Where he's ordering.
Norma Kent is at the drive-through.
Where he's looking on your gun, right?
But the cheese burger is more important.
Oh.
Hold on.
I've got a burger for you.
I'll have five pizza burger combos with a super sized diacol
can fries, a new contract with a two-year extension,
and a dozen, simply.
A really paper bag of griveness,
a gallon of pistachio, a mid-dice cream,
a industrial-sized box of cornflakes,
a one-month membership, a blue boy online,
and a quarter-summy-on-guy.
Yeah, a cool-go sandwich on Pomparnico,
a line-flavored grisco fluffy, a box of tripe tenders,
10-neely burgers, a bromo-seltzer,
and a pocket full of miracle.
For now, yeah.
For now, yeah.
Anyway, Neely, you still there?
With these contract negotiation underway,
I should bring your attention.
Hey, you're not going to need it, Neely.
Hold on a second.
Excuse me.
Excuse me.
You said trace.
I said trace.
That's a face.
Trace tenders.
Oh, I think you still have the free baseball card
because of Fabi-Leeds.
Okay.
Okay, this is your best line-up.
All right.
Now, there was a good call,
because he requested something I never would have played again.
It's called Norma Camp, by the way,
for future reference.
Okay.
Norma Camp.
And I got it.
You got it.
1109 on the pool.
1109 votes for those who will keep track.
I'm sure we got some lifeless people out there.
They keep, like, keep scoring every day.
They got, like, a little diary out there.
How many votes will you vote for?
You'll get today what?
They got their little notebook.
Yeah, that's right.
The little spiral pad.
By the way, guess who was it?
Whoop, I guess they did.
We got what the guys looked like.
He, I'd get anywhere near that clown.
Oh, brother.
You know, you travel the world
and you know somebody just unbelievably annoying
and retarded, oh, and just idiotic.
And you think, oh, well, that's one in the,
one out of six billion, you know.
And then you find out, oh, he's got a twin brother.
And there he was.
Oh, don't look at my machine.
Okay, don't look at my machine.
Now, look at this, okay?
See if you can count this high.
This is very quick.
Whenever I shape my ball, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1-hour.
All right.
Oh, you can tell your fans.
You don't like their demands.
If they have some request, you'll just say no.
And then they'll warm up, can't.
To tell the management.
You want nobody missing with your show.
Go round from pinning through.
And when your shift is through,
tell George you can relax and slow some weed.
All right.
And then go tell Joe Bell that he can go to hell.
He even almost makes you miss Gregory.
But don't play a part with the sound of a fart.
I don't think Joyce would understand.
Because if you play a part, the sound of a fart,
you'll be in trouble with the beastly clam.
Don't play a part.
Okay, 12-0-2 at 5-60.
Let me ask you this.
How do we go from 814 to 835 friends on our Myspace page so fast?
Because I just sat there,
approving like 20 people or so.
Really?
So you actually get involved with that stuff.
He maintains the page.
Are you sure as hell won't maintain it for a long time?
Because it was like a whole, I mean,
whenever the hell you got me involved in that thing last week,
I went through the deleted like 87 billion things.
Yeah, the emails?
Yeah, whatever the hell they were.
Yeah, mesglos.
You don't need to delete them.
You can't delete them there.
I don't want to leave them there.
What do you want to leave them there for for crying out loud?
Because it takes effort to delete them.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, you know, get with it.
Get with the program.
But he's got other things to worry about, you know.
12-0-3 at 5-60, WQM.
I got a really, remember, you probably don't.
Because you don't pay any attention even though you claim you're the one
I want to hear me read these.
Huh?
Yeah.
Nick Pachoni, remember I read a thing about God and about all
another, that was a good article.
That was on the Tiger.
Well, you know, another really good one too, by the same guy from a
rhotic.
It's on the Smirking Shimp.
In God, we trust it's on the money.
It's on the money, honey.
He says, is there any other culture in the world that has exploited
their religious icons like Americans, Christians have exploited God
in Jesus?
It's old news that George W. Bush and Carl R. R. R.
created a coalition rooted in Christian support to win their
relations.
It's newer news that abortion, Sider, has exposed the gimmick,
and exploitation of Christians by the Republican power brokers.
Liberals had this puzzle piece together years ago when Republican
masterminds admitted that the We Vote Pro Life movement, how frustrating
it was to crawl with someone who votes pro-life based on the single
issue of abortion, while ignoring monumental environmental problems,
the proliferation of guns, rampant corruption, neglected the
mentally ill and impoverished.
It seemed amazing that Republicans spread it just where able to get millions
of Christians to vote for candidates because they were supposedly wearing
the Christian label while blatantly representing the ancestors of
everything that Jesus cared about.
But then again, Jesus never could have envisioned, could he have ever
envisioned heavy power pickup trucks adorned with metallic,
anxious fish, and glowing bumper stickers proclaiming what his legacy means
to swarms of Americans.
Real men love Jesus.
His pain is your gain, punk if you love Jesus.
This car is prayer-conditioned.
In case of rapture, this car is yours.
TGIF.
TGIF.
Thank God I'm forgiven.
Would you follow Jesus this close?
For all you do, his blood's for you.
Oh, God!
I persist on a hear the voice of Fredrick from Woody Allen's Hannah and her sisters in my head.
If Jesus came back and saw what's going on in his name, he'd never stop throwing up.
He would think he'd been on a cruise over the weekend.
Republican puppet masters aren't the only ones benefiting from the manipulation of a simple
mind that would adorn their cars with this twaddle.
Obviously, the telephangelists are the most direct beneficiaries followed by the rest of the
ministers that pass the collection basket and enjoy all the loisuries of life.
Let's talk about the immensely lucrative industries that have been spawned by giving the faithful
what they want and need.
All the aforementioned slogans are also available on coffee mugs,
t-shirts, sweatshirts, bookmarks, banners, and wall plaques.
If you're so inclined, capitalist Christians have the ideal item for you,
and they have a Mr. single heaven sent gimmick.
Sended candles promise to fit your home with the biblical odors of frankincense and
mure, while various other rumours are designed to quiet your mind and lead you to more picture-perfect devotion.
And who would dream of burning their candles without a candle holder inscribed with the words,
I am the light of the world.
Your walk-clock takes away the seconds while the hands of time sweep past inspirational messages
like, as for me and my house, we will serve the Lord.
And just to keep you mindful of your piety while in the kitchen,
while not investing some Christian kitchenware including scripture inscribed poet,
pottery, podholders, servingware, pie plates, cutting boards, napkin rings,
coasters, and aprons.
And don't forget when it's time to drive the dishes, you'll need your Thessalonian dish towels.
Whose bathroom would be complete without some fruit of the spirit bathhouse?
That's right, you can even dry your work or worn hands on luxury interior cloth and voice
with inspirational quotes from some of your favorite biblical action heroes.
And when it's time to eat your rough biscuits and a beautiful basket ornamented with a Bible verse
that makes mealtime more inspirational than ever.
Made up of solid maple, each basket is lesured with, give us this they are daily bread
and extraordinary addition to any table.
How about a lazy Susan painted with the verse 2 from Corinthians?
It's the ultimate compliment to your right-winged napkins that are lovingly embroidered with,
come Lord Jesus, be our guest and let these gifts to us be blessed.
Why stop it that they grow when you can eat and array of foods
from the most ingenious company called Food for Life?
They offer breads, buns, muffins, pocket breads, cereals, tortillas and pastas.
There is eager line of food stuff is inspired by a Bible verse that actually gives the recipe
for whole grain products.
Their whole grain breads are made from the seed-bearing trees as mentioned in Genesis,
packaged with colorful artwork of doves and Bible quotes.
These fine foods are available in your grocery's freezer and they're sure to feed you up in more ways than one.
Don't overlook the kids, just in case they're not already embarrassed or slightly frightened by your fanatical lifestyle.
You might just want to turn off the TV and set them to play with some wonderful Bible-based wooden building blocks.
Who needs Barney when your offspring can amuse themselves and build a fort from rich and great with Bible verses,
it all stacks up to hours of fun?
Joys the name of the game for the whole family with incredible Bible memory matching games,
good by Candyland, hello Holy Land.
And the teens in the family will have a genuine hoop with a furious box-competitive games like Bible Madgab,
Bible Outburst, and the Life of Christ's Board Game.
Put away Monopoly, Clue and Taboo, and have some fun with a Holy Book.
Don't pass Heaven, don't forget to tie the 200 bucks.
Now let's go to the office where your business card holder bears witness to your devotion.
And when you're signing those pink slubs contract and imperative memos,
use your lovely Christian Rosewood pen, the perfect tool for the very special executive.
It's laser engraved with Jesus Christ as Lord and can be used for years because you can refill it with standard cross refills.
And when it's time for bet, isn't it a comfort to know that you're greasy here and running a drawer,
assorting a pillow that reminds you that I can do everything through him who gives me strength?
Just be careful not to put your face in the pillow to read as you dozing off.
Suffocation can be unforgiving.
These products are just a few of thousands if there's money to be made.
America's Christians haven't missed any angle.
It's a jamboree of gimmicks, poisons, and dollars.
How appropriate that the unfailing slogan on all US currency boldly claims, in God we trust.
It's hard to argue with the relevance of that one.
I think it says,
we trust.
You know what it says?
Some more than others.
Some more than others.
Hey, so here's an update.
Yes.
Fix it just came in to look at that CD player.
Yeah.
Fixed it before when I wrote that memo you know during my big lunch meeting.
Mm-hmm.
So now he's examining Miguel CD to make sure that the problem is this CD.
No matter how many times we tell them that the player was broken when it came in here, nobody's going to believe us.
Yeah, it must be the CD so we're going to, you know, fix it on the case and look at the payment on the CD that Miguel was using.
All right, thought maybe we're going to say that Hank Guerrero was in there or maybe the CD player was in there.
No, no, no, no, no.
Not being that important like a sponsor.
This is a true story.
We once had, it was some kind of a restaurant.
I think I'm pretty sure it was a restaurant.
And the piece of copy I had was a new sponsor on here.
It had no phone number and no address.
Excellent.
Remember that?
Did it mention the product that we're trying to sell?
Just vaguely.
No phone number, no address, no city, no town, no state, no country, no planet.
Maybe they want to be mysterious.
Mercury to Eurasia.
It's really a great place if you can find us, you know, like that.
We really got some good crap.
Come and see if you can find us.
And for reservations called, you like that.
1132 votes on the pool.
So fix it on the case.
Now, that tells me everything I need to know about that.
But like you said, take the check twice a month on payday.
That's what it's all about.
That's what they want you to think it's all about.
Because that's all with them.
It's all it is about.
It's all about the money.
Sonny.
Which of these do you want to hear no more about?
No more.
Can't take it no more.
1132 votes.
Pericilt and 292.
Brittany and Kevin 257.
The old buddy Jacob is doing well with over 100 votes.
Now 104.
Brangeline 94.
Sports talking 82.
Brady Quinn 73.
That just that one just pushes me a little over the edge.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't get it.
What's not to like?
Iraq 63.
Pound 654.
Christmas 45.
Enough with the goiishah holidays already.
Okay.
I got Christmas lights coming out of my ears.
I got a wreath sticking out of my rectum.
I hate this pool 41.
3.6% and global warming 27.
I don't even know why I put global warming on there.
You know?
Although it isn't the last place.
It means they want to hear lots more about it.
So wait till we have hercestry talking about global warming tomorrow.
We got a special segment.
And then we got through Rosenstein Houseburg.
You're going to be talking about Uranus.
567.0560.
Pound 5.
I mean the call.
Why did I interrupt with stuff like that?
Unimportant crap like that.
When we had so many great calls today.
You know?
That's right.
This has been a banner day.
December 11th.
Mark it down.
567.0560.
Although we did learn what is it?
It's a box of boys.
We learned that.
Never heard of that before.
I heard a buchi ball.
Yeah.
I heard a buchi boy.
I thought a buchi is like a parakeet.
Yeah.
Isn't it?
Yeah, I think so.
Oh.
WDQA and hello.
Neely.
Yes, sir.
What's the deal?
Hey, isn't that here you say last year that you fell out on the street and you busted your butt?
No.
And then some old man helped you up off the street?
Oh, yeah.
In the ice.
Yeah, right?
Yeah.
So it didn't bust my butt though.
I just slipped on the ice with everybody.
Even if kids were falling down.
Okay.
So I don't feel like a stodgy old man.
All right.
So why wouldn't you wear your feel cleated glosses that George sent you?
Because I didn't.
That's why he sent me schmuck.
Jesus.
Good.
So he needs to update his notebook.
Yeah, update your life.
Okay.
Update your little notebook.
Get out your little spiral loose leaf of binder there.
And right in there.
Oh, after he fell on the ice last year when they had the ice day, George sent him a bunch of steel cleats to put on his shoes.
Okay.
Just still belted radios.
Seriously, you wonder why people are just pouring out of that place.
I know they're pouring in too, but don't unpack your bag.
I don't know about that.
Anybody that just arrived in South Florida?
Number one.
Here's lesson number one.
You made a bad mistake.
Lesson number two.
Don't unpack anything.
Give it a couple of weeks.
You'll say, oh my god.
What did I do?
Oh my god.
That's why I just like that.
What am I doing here?
What did I do to deserve this?
The biggest name.
So best talent for this is me, Roger.
Take your children.
A cellum to some Haitians.
We go by, we go by, we go by, we go by.
We go by, we go by, we go by, we go by.
Cavalers and my dough.
I'm singing jingle bells over and over again.
I'm singing jingle bells over and over again.
I got a migraine.
I can't take it no more.
Disagreeable kids outside.
They're really one big thing in my behind the updates.
Singing jingle bells at night door.
I still can give them a dollar.
It's just a go away.
Singing the jingle bells off key.
They're just bothering me.
Singing my dough bell.
They're just feeding me off.
Brewing my Christmas.
I just wish some Santa Carol learns we don't win.
Cavalers said my dough.
Singing jingle bells over and over again.
Singing jingle bells over and over again.
I got a migraine.
I can't take it no more.
I put a jingle bells over and over again.
I put a Christmas Carol.
I put a Chachke's and I put a Chachke's and I put a whatever.
From my teen, I was just debating myself during the last break.
I was just analyzing these calls today.
Yeah.
And even though there were a couple of contenders in there,
I decided not to leave any of the callers today so far in my will.
They're going to be crushed.
A couple of them weren't like right on the edge there, right on the cusp.
Wait till you hear this.
And of course this is in the British Oedigardine,
which they're obsessed with crap like this and it really is crap.
The American Secret Service was bugging Princess Diana's telephone conversations
without the approval of the British Security Services.
On the night that she died, it did it, according to the most comprehensive
informed on death, which is going to be published this week.
They were bugging your phone.
On the night she died, let's call in Joe Friday.
What are you saying?
They did it, they did it, they killed her.
Among her story, her details do emerge in the report by former Metro Police Commissioner
Lord Stevens.
Is the revelation that the U.S. Security Service was bugging her calls in the hours before she was killed
and that car crash in Gay Parry in Badaboy Parry.
And it moves that raises fresh questions over transatlantic agreements on intelligence here.
Now maybe that's something really disgusting and filthy in the, you know,
that Badab, who knows?
Maybe you better get a hold of one of your Jamaican translators.
All right.
You're doing your next, a translator during your next transaction.
Let me just say this with all due respect because I do smoke a lot of weed,
but I've never done so with a Jamaican or bought any from a Jamaican or a wild any too
a Jamaican and there you go.
But I know a lot of people.
Maybe you ought to get in touch with the year old buddy Joe again.
Who?
Joe.
Oh, Jimmy Joe.
And it moves that raises fresh questions over transatlantic agreements on intelligence
ensuring the surveillance arm in the West has admitted listening to her conversation
as she stated the rich hotel, but failed to notify MI6.
Stevens has understood to have been assured that the 39 classified documents detailing Diana's final conversations
did not reveal anything sinister or contain material that might explain her to Ezif.
Like do we really care about Diana?
No.
We'll get back here at Diana.
I'm glad they killed her.
Now why would you say that?
Just for some reason.
I hate royalty.
I hate royalty.
Well, she married into a world.
She wasn't really a world.
Exactly.
And then he ended her like a royalty by seeing the fact that the police were coming in there like poison meant that I like to even though I didn't know.
She chose it.
The van.
The van.
The van.
The van.
The van.
The van.
The van.
The van.
The van.
Stivingaero
The van.
Thze today.
The van.
It has sent four other pieces of evidence.
And ourDODIA
auch an 85th outfit.
Paul himself had an accident caused by Paul driving too fast through the pont-dollum mall underpast and purse while under the influence of drink.
Tessive confirmed that Paul was more than three times over the French drink-drive limit and was traveling at excessive speed.
The inquiry will cost a number of conspiracy theories that have circulated the audio. We don't care about conspiracies. We quite frankly don't give it a crap about Diana.
But the fact that the US was bugging her phone, they were bugging her phone.
5.670560.560 and we've arrived in a singular wireless line. Let's see if they can keep up this tremendous pace all week long.
What do you think? Or like at least till at 2 o'clock. You think so? No. I doubt it.
1162 votes on the poll. 835 friends on our Myspace now. Thanks to Miguel for the updating that. How does that work?
They send a request to be your friend and then you have to approve it. I see.
How now can Miguel decide who's going to be our friend and not? Who died in love with the prison?
Generally speaking unless he knows that they're one of these obnoxious people that we don't want to have anything to do.
Oh, all those people that we don't want to have anything to do with and then we wish we'd die and just go with everybody.
5.670560. They can't keep it up till 12.30. Marshall has still two o'clock today. Look at that phone.
1st.45 minute delay. Then you're going to see an outburst and outpouring of emotion on his phone.
The likes of which you never hurt in your life. You'll see not WQA and hello.
Like I said. What are you laughing about? WQA and hello.
Talk to Neil. Speaking. Oh, he's gone. See, that's an easy way not to touch me.
I'm just, you know, almost forgot.
Look at that. Dead. Let's go down in one at a time. Oh, that's right. Line one doesn't work.
Fix us in the studio right now. You might want to tell him. Yeah. Line one doesn't work. Fix it. You idiot.
That's not his fault. It is his fault. He's part of an engineer. We can tell somebody. Schmock whose fault that is.
Let me just say it again. Line one hasn't been working since Jesus was an infant.
Okay. Since he was in the manger with a and the rescuer. Yosuke. Yosuke.
You know, saved the green stamps or something like that. Has it worked in a long, long time?
I just mentioned that in, you know, in the spirit of the holidays and in the friendess and love.
Somebody Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. Yes.
Hey, now, the one that kid ran like that. I'm going to the money in the world again next year.
Yeah. Okay. Great. Dominic Q.A.M. Hello. Yeah. Neil, please. Yes, sir. It's speaking.
Yeah. How about another poll? I ran out of somonix.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello. Q.A.M.
5.6.7.05.60. I told you. I just had that feeling right at that point.
And that was when I decided not to leave any money to these people.
Now, you probably would feel differently since it ain't your money. Oh, yeah.
That was a good way. Hello. Neil, look at Nate.
Watch this Friday.
Yeah. 5.6.7.05.60.
It's the beat those on. I think we're going to play like all bits between now and the new year.
Just like I did on whatever day. What was that day? Was it like the day?
It was the day after Thanksgiving. Okay. And it was a great show if I do say so myself with a fabulous choice of really
marginally entertaining stuff. Since that's all we can play anymore.
We can't play anything that's really funny because it's probably good joy. So I've been on the show.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
I'm Camille. Yes. Good morning. How are you, sir?
Okay, sir. Good evening. Good. Good. I'm calling from Pala Hathy.
Just cut the letter and do your conversation. There we go. You guys have a MySpace page?
Yes. How do I locate it now?
MySpace.com slash Neil God.
All right. Rock on Neil.
Okay. See you, Pala.
Or George would say backslash. I'm not going to argue about what you did.
I do not say that. And I've been told that you are a backslash or anyway.
Right. I have never said that.
The head you didn't you told somebody that last week.
Last Friday somebody asked about the address of the MySpace page and you went on the bus.
But it was grams. I've never said backslash.
Listen. Never have. Yeah.
It's it's slash or forward slash.
Well, what are what are it? Flash me forward slash.
You don't have to say you don't have to.
But some people think anybody with an eye to people that can go online.
That can get that far. No.
You can give that far to type in MySpace.com. No.
They do it all the time.
Oh, that's wrong. I forgot.
It's our crowd.
For guys, no.
So I'm just going to ask if this is Neil Roger and Zimbotson Boyking.
Absolutely.
Return to Santa Boy.
Return to Santa.
I got a sweater from my grandma.
It was pink and black.
But don't worry, be a happy.
What grew into the owner's badge.
He wrote a heart and a right return to Santa.
He wrote a heart.
And I the one and only gift from Santa.
 Turn that hat around for dad and his friend.
A whole needs this junk.
But this year's Christmas,
A real Easter,
We wrote a heart that returns a Santa.
Don't mean to be rude.
But this Christmas,
I got scrooched.
That's a blue.
A return to Santa.
A return to Santa.
Come 32 boys.
Let's get these in the next 20 days.
Let's get them in the new year 2007.
It's going to smell like heaven.
And it's going to be on 11.
1189 and a full almost 1200 already.
That is really impressive.
Not as impressive as your call is today.
You notice how the holiday season brings out the best in the South Florida.
Always does.
Oh yeah. The cream rises to the top.
56070560.
Tom 560 and the Verizon Singular wireless line.
1189.
I bet you next time I refers that we're going to have 1200 votes.
You can take that and put that in your pipe and try smoking that.
Okay. Hook it up here.
I'll smoke it.
You'll smoke anything.
Go away and hello.
Meal.
Yes sir.
Happy holiday.
Happy Christmas in Tannuka man in Kwanzaa.
And you know, belated face off.
Yeah.
Meal, you remember the other week you were talking about Ricky Tiki and his eternal cap?
Yeah.
He wears it everywhere.
I mean, can you imagine if a DJ had made a bad choice initially and he was stuck with it like carrying a surfboard in front of his gut?
Well you're right.
No money in my will for that guy.
What would you pay for that call?
How many cents?
About 30, man.
You pay for that call.
But he was trying very hard.
You notice he was trying to formulate like some material there.
He could even work it on it.
And the material too.
He got a sharper ear than I do.
Oh I heard it.
He was trying very with great difficulty, man.
Like have something to say.
Be very clever.
See that's one of the reasons it's so depressing being in South Florida is that people not only are not funny or friendly or amusing or interesting.
But they're like desperate desperate desperate.
Desperate.
You like that?
Oh speaking of people who are desperate and pathetic.
Remember that fax you sent me and I have no idea where you sent it.
Probably just to add to my depression list.
That's right.
That's right.
That was like borderline suicidal.
From your good buddy up there in Greg and Poisson, Lucy speaking of.
I had a lot of that.
Try to get on our Myspace and before Miguel even got to it already bumped him out of there and deleted.
Turn him down.
We don't want you on there.
Get out of our lives.
Okay talk about poster child for pathetic.
In fact that's what the P stands for.
PST, Pathetic St. Lucley, man.
Tragic.
WQAM, hello.
How can I punch these things up and sometimes they do and sometimes they know where it is QAM?
Hello.
Okay good one.
One of the better ones QAM, hello.
Well maybe it was in my key.
WQAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
Going for five, hello.
I'm Neil.
The show has very little pace today.
Yeah, how about a plot?
Did you ask Georgia if he could play old Neil?
It kind of goes with it.
Yeah okay.
By the way we saw your numbers and they still suck okay.
That was Joel Feinberg doing a stick.
So stick it.
Love 92.
Yeah the show has very little pace today.
Why is this song on X?
WQAM, hello.
Neil showing on.
Yes sir.
George.
Yo.
Who's going to win the T-Dore Teets and Trump's an Elf?
Some stuff.
Right.
3D QAM, hello.
QAM Sports Line, hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
I appreciated last week's show.
It just showed you just a regular guy almost.
I'm a human being, four goals and weaknesses and stupidity and whatever you know.
And also I think I've seen you've been seeing a lot of bad movies lately.
Maybe you should watch Brazil.
Brazil?
Yes.
It's one of the money pipes on type things.
Okay.
Thank you sir.
Thanks pal.
Should I see Brazil or not?
I would not.
Why not?
How are you?
I don't know.
Nice time to like.
That may have been our first real call of the day.
You know I'm not that he was great but at least he sounded like a real good.
No, no question.
It's one of those movies that looks really good.
It's just a not.
Does that make any sense?
Like the same photography and everything is great and you want to like it?
Yeah, what I told you about with what's your name with just like an album and Paul Walker.
And lots of skin.
Lots of skin.
Blue balls.
What is it called?
Into the blue.
Beautiful underwater photography.
I mean just fabulous.
You know it's really looking on my big big screen TV.
So when Josh comes back from vacation and when you come back when we're all back together again.
And he buys you that HDTV.
For the holidays.
Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised if he gets lucky out there in Tahoe.
I'm talking about gambling.
He gets lucky out there and that would be surprising.
Well, if he says he had like a nice 52 inch.
Right.
HD.
What do you do like that?
Or you haven't seen anything.
And of course the movies aren't.
I still haven't decided about that.
About the DVD player.
Right.
Still thinking on that.
I'm pondering it.
I mean there's so little material out on there and plus everybody's telling me well the difference between watching regular DVD.
And the HD, it's very little.
You know.
But it's a good way to put money in the circulation.
Right.
Instead of leaving it there, I will for all those Nerda Wells that you're always bitching about.
Yeah.
WQYM. Hello.
That was the worst Eddie of all time.
Wouldn't you say?
Absolutely.
Excellent.
Worst Eddie of all time.
Congratulations.
Now there's a guy who might leave a couple of bucks.
I doubt it.
WQYM. Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I was wondering when you were going to reveal to the world that you're the one who knocked it up.
I think Jamie's home with a daughter.
No yeah.
Well, I was trying to keep it under cover man.
5670560.
There he goes.
Starting to pick out that poor diesel bike again.
Linden Cheney's daughter.
Just because Linden likes to write those steamy bulldog novels.
And their daughter got.
And then of course I love the way that they talk about this while they're not revealing.
The couple isn't revealing how she became prickling.
You know, it must have been a macular contraception when you think since the Cheney's are so close to God.
I would think so.
I'm guessing turkey based for myself.
Yeah, that might have done it.
Or maybe a little rule in the cucumber patch that might have done it too.
You never know.
Lord works a mysterious way.
He's got it from a door knob or a toilet seat.
1200 and one votes.
We look at that.
We're over the 1200, 1203 now.
Man, oh man.
We are really unfired.
And not as hot as the colors though.
I got a hint at two of them.
22 before 1 to forget we got the mad dog today.
And I'm sure that the dolphin fans of all become, oh we kicked ass on your Patriots yesterday.
Well, you know what, big deal.
I knew it.
I smelled it.
And when I got home, man, from that marginal machini yesterday and losing a little bit of money.
And I immediately, I raced right to that TV, turned on my big HD TV.
I went to my digital cable.
I knocked my PVR and erased that whole thing.
I never saw one play.
Never saw one second.
Never saw one play.
I read the rundown of the Boston Globe and it was, it was, it was weak.
And of course George is probably just crestfallen, you know.
What?
Well, the dolphins didn't lose and I always bugs you.
Because you're so negative, you know, about everything in South Florida.
Pridians, dumb as dirt.
Greg, looking at the malls with cons of credit.
Oh, it is the season to get in dead.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
At the mall with my friend, Derral.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Parking wood, art, lighting, hair on.
sentir bells like light, light, work wasted.
My long lines and browning face is full on the wall.
Read us both with verbal disgrace and scum.
Riz, much shopping, sure no pleasure.
I must resort to drastic measures.
Sprawl, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull,
lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull, lull,
I'm the manager you got a problem.
Jack, I only wish the happiness to the holidays to you and your son.
Hey kids, come here, come here, come here.
Help me sing, okay?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
I gotta get out of here.
And Merry Christmas, yeah.
Well, it's gonna be a long drive home.
Oh, 14 to 1 at 5.60 WDQM, 114 votes on the poll.
The calls have been really something we can use the word on the year.
Which of these do you wanna hear no more about Parasilton 320,
Britney slash Kevin 270, Niels Buddy Old Jacob 110,
Brangelina 101, oh, she's getting right on Jacob's ass.
Sports Talk 90, Brady Quinn 81, Iraq 66,
Power Tix 56, Christmas 49, I hate this poll 43.9%
and Global War in 28.
We're in.
A homeowner said Friday that whoever stole the baby Jesus
from his manger scene and passed down the hamster
was disrespectful because he replaced it with an empty beer can.
Strong with that.
That is disrespectful if they had replaced it with a full one
that would have been better.
Bob Chuljane said that the Jesus figure was stolen
from the manger scene on Wednesday that last week.
Chuljane said he made the inattivities
seen more than three decades ago with his childrens.
It's something we kind of give it together, we said.
He just wondered what was in the person's mind
who actually did that, what was the reason for it?
Why leave the beer can?
What's the connection?
Said Chuljane who doesn't want to price charges.
Chuljane said Chuljane said he doesn't want to price charges.
Charges for leaving an empty beer can in the manger.
Chuljane cut, let me say it again,
wouldn't cut out some sheep and cows remain.
Only two of the three wise men stand on the other side of the manger,
Chuljane said the third was stolen eight years ago.
He said he'll replace the illuminated figure with another doll
for the time being.
Another doll.
I hope it looks like Jesus.
I hope it looks just like Jesus.
I hope it ate some like Betsy Wetsie doll, something like that.
Or speak of that.
I did a little research over the weekend
for those who think that I just go and lose my ass at wood buying.
You know what's about?
Remember I asked on Friday or whatever the hell they were?
About what they did before toilet paper?
Oh yeah.
Well, I'd like to know.
Obviously it says toilet paper hasn't been around forever.
We can be pretty sure that those living before the late 19th century
weren't able to drop by their local,
quickie-marked megastores to pick up a case of sherman triple fly
or cut and nail flushable moist wipes.
Rather than the innovation of a roll of toilet paper
is very modern product and convenience,
which today is arguably become a household commodity.
In most households that is.
Arguably.
So then how did we go from nature's fruitful leaves
to the multiple choices that were bombarded
with every time we had the tissues section at the grocery store today?
You know, back in the day I'm sure before you were watching TV?
Well, maybe not.
But when they were advertising like sherman and stuff like that,
they couldn't say toilet paper on here.
Oh, yeah.
I knew that. You also couldn't say or show an arm pit.
So it was T.P. or then it was toilet paper.
She'd have to, in a spot she'd have to whisper toilet paper.
Yeah. Don't say that out loud.
How far we've gone.
It's like farting.
You know, if you fart,
one thing to fart, you know, real quiet.
You're trying to find it here.
But if you do a real sub...
You know, like, see?
I barely hear it.
Oh, there we go.
Real quiet.
As opposed to...
Oh, God.
That was just a raspberry joy,
it's a boysenberry.
Evidence seems to suggest the original material used in place of toilet paper range
anywhere from leaves and sticks to cobs of corn, even linen.
It is believed that although the earliest former toilet paper on a roll wasn't introduced until 1880,
people may do with very many...
I know.
People may do this with any various items that come from their environments.
Well, what an educational show this is, okay?
I mean, I wish we could cram about 100 of these really great calls and they were removed this right now, but we won't.
For example, those living in the northern parts of the world, especially the Eskimos,
used tundra moss when available in the summer months,
and handfuls of snow during the bounce of the year.
Oh, yeah.
Now why should we stop thinking about how good all these people must have smelled?
You know what?
Oh, man.
Woo-hoo!
Better get another piece of tundra moss, uh, uh, e-egg-egg-egg-err.
Those living in coastal areas are tropical settings used,
muscle shells, or old coconut shells.
Muscle shells, or old coconut shells.
Boy, oh boy, you talk about popping some bad oil.
Those living in the colonial times of America when farming consisted of 75% of the U.S.
practicing workforce used corn cobs,
more hung paper products in the form of mail order catalogs, like those this year's roboc.
You don't like the series catalog wipe your ass with it.
An ancient Rome, the popular item, was a sponge attached to the end of a stick immersed in salt water.
Hmm.
If this were the case today, don't you think it's possible?
We might take the coin phrase wrong into the stick a little more seriously.
It says, ha-ha.
Yup, yup.
And there's a picture of the policy in El Coliseo, which I have no idea other than the fact that it's in Rome.
What does that mean?
Even more inconceivable, many societies in the eastern parts of the world saw it socially correct to use their left hand.
Some theorists believe that this is why most cultures use their right hands to meet new people.
Oh, I see.
So now there's a wipe your butt with your left hand, and then shake hands with your right hand with the new people you want to meet and greet.
Your wipe and hand, and your eaten hand.
Right.
And don't confuse them, whatever you do.
This previous form of hygiene is still transgressed in those cultures today as they find it rude and socially incorrect to shake the left hand of each other.
Regardless of what was used, or how gross our associations of toilet paper in the bathroom may be,
the product itself has made life easier for everyone and has made finding things to clean ourselves up a thing in the past.
Today, there are over 5,000 different companies producing bathroom tissue around the world trying to make our lives more convenient, clean and efficient.
In a study that went back in 1997, it was estimated that 71.48 frugal people contributed to the waste of one roll of a thousand sheet plate toilet paper every day.
Do you understand that?
No.
It was estimated that 71.50 frugal people contributed to the waste of one roll of a thousand sheet single pie toilet paper every day.
I don't understand that, it doesn't make any sense.
With little over 6 billion humans living on earth, that cost for the daily production of 83 million 48,000 166 rolls per day with no days off and over occasions 30.6 billion rolls per year and 2.7 rolls per second.
How do you like that?
Strangely enough, that's 80% greater than our daily consumption or use of salt, 63% greater than our average use of milk, and 84 billion more people served annually than McDonald's fast food restaurants.
Yet still, we often, time, remain oblivious to toilet paper and take advantage of the convenience it provides for it.
Hey, you take it for granted.
Not me, as opposed to saying, oh thank you, Lord, so much for my charm and thank you, Mr. Whipple. God bless you.
I think that this holiday season, say a little brocco for Mr. Whipple for Christ's sake.
Furthermore, Americans skip to the Lou. Oh, skip to the Lou. We're about to be smart.
Skip to the Lou.
And every just six times a day, adding up to as much as 47 minutes in a single 24 hour time period.
Women spend more time with the fluffy white stuff than men, approximately 32 months in lifetime versus 25 months for men.
All you guys out there, 25 months of your lifetime, you're going to be spending in the can.
However, women on average also tend to live longer than men, which object, and object most often men leaving the seat up.
Well, too bad. Tough crap. Oh, sorry.
Each time we reach for the cotton save, you're an average, terror, 5.9 sheets is ripped from the roll.
44, oh, here we go again with you in Jocostello.
44% of people, right from front to back, and 60% look at the paper having just what?
42% fold, 33% crumple, 8% both fold and crumple, 6% oh no!
6% wrap it around their hands, and at least 50% of people have a one time or another wiped with leaves or something foreign to toilet paper.
8% with their hands, 1% with money.
Really?
That money in my will? Wipe your ass with it.
In case of emergency, you have to worth a dollar.
Yeah, well I hope it's a big old dollar bill. I'll say that.
That's worth 5.
Although toilet paper cares an amazing historical past and significance to our lives, frequent more times daily than the toothbrush, hair spray, shower, dinner table, we too often forget about the importance of toilet paper.
Whether it's due to the bad rat that comes with association with the bathroom, what goes on in there, or just a simple fact that we never had to do without it.
This multiple purpose paper provides for us, makes things more convenient for us, ultimately helps us look feel and be clean.
And it says some people like to poke fun at it, like signfail to MTV's Beavis and Butthead, others like to waste it or eat it.
Huh?
You all know what I'm talking about. The 10th person consumes half the role per trip to the bathroom because the one bad experience that comes to be petrified we've been getting their hands dirty.
Well, it goes, I don't want to, it's just middle of lunch hour man, enough is enough, wrapping around their hands, okay?
Now I wonder if it's that before or after they've used it.
Huh? Think about it. I'd rather not.
Okay, well why not? Life is a bunch of crap, often times and especially if you weigh in, life will full of crap, that's especially the sales department.
The biggest name of the best cashier in the world, you idiot. You're fair for 20560, you a man.
Well like you, like it very much.
As here is the king, I don't have a middleman in a row much for a while, but I want y'all to know what up here in Rock and Roll Heaven.
I'll be thinking of you, best Christmas.
And I have to give y'all a special Christmas message. A message of peace, like how about a little piece of that fat guy going by.
Like I was saying, Christmas is a time of ho, a time of joy, a time of old urban, and I sure would love it, take slides that beat you to go out there.
Like it, oh, what was that? Oh yeah, Christmas. The Christmas to me means family. Family means friends. The friends means getting together and getting together means eating.
I'll pass you that drumstick, which please.
Well, thank you. I'm going to run my mind.
Now just want to say to you right now, you know, I may be a big star, maybe too big, but ain't nobody so big.
You can't reach out a helping hand, a helping hand.
Oh, would you hand me a helping of those knives that date us over there? What do you believe?
Like it. Like it. Like it.
Now I was trying to, ain't nobody so big. You can stoop to help a friend of neat over the holiday season.
Speaking of season, you want to pass me that self-sucker when you get the chance. Like it. Yeah, just just unscrew the cover. That's right. Like it.
So this Christmas, why don't y'all take a tip from old A.O.s?
Now now, leave those steak tips right where they are. You know what I mean? You know, appreciate it. Thank you.
I want you to remember we're all part of God's great big family. You know God made men unto his own image.
And look at the mirror. I have to say God must be a big, big center for you know what I mean? I like it here.
But I especially want y'all to remember this one last thing. You know all the whom is Christmas stringing that popcorn up on the tree.
Save a big, big bowl for the king. Extra butter to what I mean. Like it here. Like it.
Like it. Like it.
One, two, five, six, you know what I mean? One of the banner days, man, we haven't had calls like this in a dog's age. You know in a long time.
And I think it was appropriate that you know shove the old toilet paper store right in there too. That was great.
That was informative.
According to the investigation of allegations related to improper conduct involving members and current or former house pages, what's become known as the page report.
Congressman Jim Colby of Arizona received and tried to suppress sexually explicit communications in October 2001, sent by Representative Miss Mark Foley to a house page Colby its sponsor the previous semester.
That communication, the former page told the office of the report involved Foley making reference to the size of his penis by instant message.
The former page contends that he affixed the I.N. conversation to an email he sent to Colby asking Colby to take care of it.
Soon thereafter the former page received an email from Foley apologizing for making him feel uncomfortable.
But later in the report Colby denies that he knew the precise nature of the inappropriate communication, the page said that he had an email from Congressman Foley according to Colby's defosition.
I didn't see any communication that the former page had received and as far as I know my system hadn't either.
Later in the report, though, according to the former page Colby warned him, it is best that you don't even bring this up with anybody.
There is no good that can come from it if you actually talk about this. That man Foley has resigned anyway.
According to the report, Colby himself is under investigation by federal authorities. The investigative subcommittee was provided with information concerning certain allegations made regarding Representative Jim Colby in his interaction with former house pages of the report reads.
Another report concludes that an investigation of Colby would be within his jurisdiction and the subcommittee heard some testimony about Colby's actions.
Representative Colby did not provide full and complete testimony regarding the allegations, citing the pending federal inquiry.
How do you like that? The major federal inquiry as to whether Foley made reference to the size of his penis by instant message and whether Jim Colby knew about it.
About the message, not about the site. From 140 votes on the poll so far on a very marginal Monday.
Which of these do you want to hear no more about none? Zipity due to a Parasult in 329. Brittany in Kevin 279. Niels Buddy Jacob 111. I think we can go along with that. No problem.
Brangelina 102. Sports Talk 91. Brady Quinn 83. I cannot honor that wish.
Iraq 67. Politics 57. Christmas 49. I hate this poll 44.39% and global warming only 28. Out of 1240. So 40, WGV agent even in New York. It's not up to one of me to make me play a young Niel, but I won't.
Almost enough to make me want to play a young Niel. And old Niel, I don't have any way.
I have old Niel. We went through that last week. I know it's not that old. It's going to be one of those CDs somewhere that you've got.
Well, it must have been pretty weak. Ticked onto the floor. Must have been really bad. I thought it was cute.
5670560. Pound 560 and they've rising in singular wireless line. WQIM. Hello.
Like I said, man, my finger was so sharp today. Good thing I wasn't nearly as victim with my finger. WQIM. Hello.
QIM. Hey, what's up, Niel? Speaking. Hey, Niel. What's up? Long time caller. First time listener. Uh-huh. Turn that around. Hey, I want to get back to the toilet paper saying, how do blind people know when they're done wiping?
They don't. Excellent question. OK, that's a very good question. How do blind people know when they're done wiping their mechanism? Agnosticism questions. Something that most of us cited people had ever given much thought. The answer is they don't. They don't think just probably by the aroma. Huh? Maybe. You think that's it. You know, once upon a time in here on this floor, the lights went out while I was in the middle of some business. Yes. So I had to figure out the answer to that question. And the answer is you don't.
You just take a good guess. You just do what you normally do. I try to be neutral. No matter how and no matter how week the job was, you know, sure as how I had to beat the e-skimos, I did my usual routine, but like three times. And with all due respect to that pissed off caveman in the guyco spot, yeah, they probably were all at sanitary either. OK, could be wrong. I have a feeling. Never the last. That's nobody's that never knows. QIM. Hello. And it's up in there in the wind. Go. What we do? One extra refreshes the hell out of me.
I'm a man. WQ a.m. Hello. But these are good. And they just keep getting better. WQ a.m. Hello. The he had to take a deep breath before unleashing it like that. Always a good idea to take a real good, you know, get a full head of steam for your quarter second of fame. 5 6 7 0 5 60. I got a pretty decent pile here. You know, in fact, I'm thinking, you know, this how long ago do we start taking calls again?
Two weeks today. OK, it's been it's been an interesting experiment. One that may not last through the end of this year.
You know, I was thinking maybe we might carry it into the new year. I have my doubts. WQ a.m. Hello. Q. I.m. Hello. Yes. Let me say it again. Yes.
Oh, I was. You buy. Emile. Cool. It's not open over here where I am. I want to. I don't know. 88. The only opens again. I'm going to be open for.
I call them up and ask them. OK, call them up and ask them. I'm sure they'll be more than delighted to tell you.
247 votes on the pool. Wow. They just the hits keep on coming. Man. See now I really buy all rights based on what that guy said before.
And I think a nice one point. I should have had on her ass too, but I would have been bad. You don't know what she looks like for one thing.
Let me say it again. I don't care. WQ again. Hello. Yeah, you know, yes, sir. Just one in two parts on some information regarding the very similar and Paris Hilton thing.
I'm going to be free bowling from now on. Yeah, OK, great. 5 6 7 0 5. He's going to be for.
He's going to be free basing from now on is what he said.
250. Oh, man. They are just beautiful. Got a letter of skin it's song. If you had any free bird, free of all. Yeah.
Get any idea how grateful I'm going to be to him. I'm going to kiss the floor in my apartment at two o'clock.
I'm going to be kissing it. 3 2 3. Hello. Q a.m. Neil. Yes. How are you? Love your show. I'm great. Love whatever you do calls inside talk. Whatever you got.
Side talk. Yeah. There was an excellent interview with Brady over the weekend during the Heisman coverage. If you didn't see it, if you find it, you'll probably probably love it.
Brady Quinn if he's in it. I love it. It's an interview. I don't. I forget it was the end of one of those channels. I think you would really enjoy it. That's all I have to say. OK, thanks, pal. Thank you so much. There's a real call. OK, not that anything like Earth shaking or cymbal lady, but a real call with a little bit of information there.
And of course, they're tired. Let's see. We got 84 people sick and tired here and about Brady Quinn. Too bad. I like him. See, that's the one thing about this show.
I know it comes as a grave surprise. Although, granted, I, you know, I give him the opportunity. I always like to give them a chance to vent. It was my poor idea.
I put it up there. I made the choices, but it beat that a little bit about. But I know this comes very hard to understand. I'm going to talk about whatever the high want to talk.
Isn't that a radical concept? I am. I will say this in regard of that show I did last week.
And this is just for informational purposes for anybody who might care that there won't be a sequel. You know what I mean? In other words, that was it. That's that was the end of that.
There won't be a sequel. So whatever happens case or raster raw and life goes on. In other words, when you act like a dumbass once and make a grotesque mistake and demean and humiliate and degrade yourself, that's one thing.
But if you do it again, then you need to be locked away in a rubber room. So a bush said you got a sign here in Texas to fool me.
Yeah, fool me once. So I can't get fooled again. That's right. Just call me W. W Q. I am. Hello.
Yeah, I want to talk to Neil. Please speaking speaking. Let me say it again. Speaking. This is he. How you doing, butter? All right.
No, I just wanted to discuss a few things that he had in reference to the political thing with the Obama. I keep coming Obama for our first thing.
Yeah, Obama's left Alabama. Yeah. Yeah. I think he's got it, man. I really do. I do too. I think he's got it. I'm glad that you a solidify that for us. There is the call. That's the one we've been waiting for. He's got it.
It's December 11th, 2006 in Barack Obama. He's got it. I think he's right. Don't you? Whatever it takes, whatever you need, he's got it. It's the unmentionedable, the undefondable, the intangible, whatever it takes to be the man. He's got it. He's the man.
The biggest name. The best talent. This is me. What a solid 420560. You.
Microsoft. What every kid wants. Parents. The checks. The malls everywhere. Now the tearing their hair. The baby in the shells. What's up? They from hell. They stole the right away. Christmas, day, time. You'll hear your kid whine. It's a really shattered week. Good to stay. Sorry.
I'm in that field of just me. Your kid wants me. The line. Strangle bill. It's boy. That would be me. That's the way it goes. Yes. I know it.
All the crazy people all the time. I want that freaking Xbox baby. Or else 117 to Q.A.M. Happy holidays to you, man. You can tell by these calls the spirit of love and compassion and humanity and all this crap.
You know, I've been in here. You know, almost. You know, almost smell. Maybe they didn't work that good this morning. Could be.
Nobody Q.A.M. Hello. Yeah. Yes. Thank you for me. I like that. That was pretty good. Short sweet to the point and long gone. 5 6 7 0 5 60.
Pound 5 60. The Verizon singular wireless line. W.D. Q.A.M. Hello. Hey, Neil. How's it going, man? Okay, sir. I got a little information for you. Every president elected in a year. Anyone zero has died in office. Yeah. We already know that boring. Hold. He's got his fingers and legs crossed. Okay. That's great. 5 6 7 0 5 60.
The older than Mathuseless grandma. Okay. Wow. He had a little information for me though. I'm not good. How is it possible? Seriously? How is it possible to go through life to exist?
365 days a year and 66 on leap years? How is it possibly to be on the face of the earth and not absorb anything? Anything useful, meaningful, significant, worthwhile? You know what I'm saying? Oh, yeah. All the time. Yeah. What do you do? No one? I'm saying because you're there.
How's Miguel doing? Is he still alive or what? See? Oh, okay. I don't know. You became so coma-inducing. I guess because you're putting all those people on my space page. Well, I was busy with that. Yeah.
The head you were. And let's face it, you should be in heaven because I hardly read any bedtime stories today. In fact, the one most significant was about the toilet paper. That's great.
Which I liked. And of course I didn't talk about your people at the old, you know, ABOILA's who taken, you know, put it in the waste basket. Yeah. And then it came up in the box. Well, it's a waste basket with a lid on it and it looks like a box. Oh, no.
In a case they need to use it again later on, at least there's a lot you've been. Yeah. Why do you make things up like that? Why would you put it in a waste basket?
It's a European old world thing. The pyro narrow wash it. The pipes are narrow. And if you if you try to flush it, you'll clog the pipes for it.
And I will say in a trotteria in Rome one time when nature was calling. And I went and oh, yeah, this is too gross, even for me to tell in here. And I went into the magic room. And there was a hole in the floor.
Okay. For the paper. I mean, there was no, there was trouble paper, but there was a hole in the floor. Oh, that was the toilet. That is correct. So I guess what about these things?
Yeah. That's what you can't do us that paper because it'll clog up everybody's pipes. Flush it. Get rid of it. Get away from yourself. I mean, get it away. Go away. Okay.
That's just my suggestion to whatever you like. WNQA and hello. QA and Ola.
You know, it's not the holiday season meal until somebody gets shot for a parking space here in Miami. That is correct. You got it. You got your finger on it.
I'm sure to pull it. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and they've arrived in Singular wireless line. WQ I am hello.
Q I am. How come this these lines don't they don't do not have. Hello.
Dave. God does morning drive an I.O.V. What's the world coming to? And he still far to the studio.
I know. WNQ I am hello. I love the way George puts in game. I ball. Okay. Good. I hope you have a great holiday with it. Okay.
Balls enjoy for the holiday. So it's got to get. Yeah. WNQ I am hello. Q I am.
Neil, I love the old fact theme and I wish you would do more of it. I think it's great. The old fact theme. What does that mean?
Well, you know, when you're kind of getting more back into the fact stuff, that's cool. Why is that?
I just love it. I think it makes your show most entertaining and I'd like a request if I could be.
Yeah. But beads. But beads. Oh, yeah. Right. Yeah. He's not talking about the bid. He's talking about like a little one. You know.
Let's go. Shucks. Yeah. Okay. That's as much. Here's the fact. And says Neil, I've been listening for about eight years.
I'll not see subject Neil and Jacob and Brady Quinn and Tom Brady. And I've always been entertained and formed. But on Friday,
when he went into day two on the subject of your obvious total obsession with Jacob, I had to turn you off for the first time ever.
It was as you like to say, ponderous and just playing bad radio. It's one thing to obsess over some of them.
But don't continually subject your answers. Please. I know you'll say too bad. I write this with good intentions.
Says somebody unnamed. Eight. It's what is it? Well, you continue.
There is that even repeated what was from Thursday is because we had many people who said they'd hear the show in the pool.
Almost half the people didn't hear the show on Thursday. They kept golden. Yeah. That is right. What was it all about?
And addition to which you had to turn off the show because of what?
Because again, in your own mind, you're incapable of understanding what I was saying. And I'm sure that's the case with the majority of the people out there.
Too bad. I don't apologize for me and for like being a human being. Okay. So to you.
For the first time, I had a way like you're obsessed. Yeah.
I'll tell you one thing right now. There are damn few people on the face of the globe in this business or outside of this business who would have gone on the air,
especially with all the crap you get, especially somebody out of the closet in the first place, who would have gone on the air and told that story because most people would have misinterpreted in the first place.
Damn few I can't think of any. Right. That's exactly correct. And I thought I'm looking for anybody to kiss my ass for that, but that just happens to be the truth.
Probe 173 votes on the pool and addition to which I think I even know what's on our pool today.
If I mention anything about that. No. No. Did I in fact, did I just say before you don't have to worry because there ain't going to be like no chapter two?
I think I said that. So you can't you can't be especially if you're gay. You know straight people, I'm sure all, you know, they're all very altruistically retention and they never try to like get over on some female because they want to get in their pants. That never happens with the straight guys.
But if a gay person like, you know, like somebody or is obsessed to use that term with somebody, it must be sex. You must be trying to get in their pants and like I have some kind of sexual obsession, which I don't.
But I don't know. The straight person says that that's what I'm exactly what I'm thinking. I beg your pardon. If a straight person said that, that's exactly what I would be thinking. Yeah.
Well, I don't know. I can't I can't answer for that because I don't know how straight people think about women. I don't know. All I'll give you a hit.
You don't have to give me a hit. If I had a friend and they were obsessing over some woman and they were trying to tell me that they had no sexual desires.
I never said, wait, I never said that saying you're the one that's starting this again because of the facts you're starting up with this again. You're right. I never said I had no sexual desires. Well, you know, but that certainly isn't in my mind. That's not what that was all about or is all about or maybe all about or whatever it is. You know, I call them a crazy person. That's what I'd say.
Oh, okay. Well, we know I'm a crazy person. So I admit to that. There's no question about it.
And the fact that I would allow myself to become so emotionally unravelled and who knows maybe I have no idea, you know, right?
And see, that's the thing I'm trying to tell you with this whole my space thing and talking and meeting with people online.
You know, they can come across as having the greatest intentions in the world. You don't really know if that's true or not. That's what Judge Judy said.
Well, there you go with that picture. You're obsessed with that picture. Yes, see, I want to have her be. You're obsessed with Judge Zuni. Okay. I'll take him over her any day.
I want to do it with her right there on the corner. You know, you deserve it. You deserve it. I think it's an ex-made and purgatory.
277. We're going to make 13 today on the two weeks before Christmas. That is pretty damn impressive. Write that one down in your diaries. Okay.
W-Q-A-M. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I just turned in with the project.
What's up with him? Yeah. Follow him up and find out. W-Q-A-M. Hello.
Thanks for asking.
Soon in tomorrow for the Jacob segment. We're going to have him on like a rose and I was 15 minutes every week. Yes, sir.
Back to a children paper for a second under George is a huge fan of the Roman Empire. There were butt-wunch slaves of the Roman Empire. Their whole job was to stand around with damn cloths of the rich people.
Yeah, clean your butts and then for a pupil back for it.
Yeah, right. That's the act of a job.
Well, they knew how to live. Didn't they? Yeah.
Yeah, no more.
They sure know how to do it, man. Okay. Well, thanks for the good news. All right.
Five, six. Long as they didn't have Roman fingers.
Where did that expression ever come from? Roman in the glomon.
Roman in your abdomen.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60 pond five, 60 in the Verizon Singular Rital Slime.
Educational show, baby, learned a lot about tourler paper. In fact, if you Google toilet paper, I mean, I could have gone into much greater, you know, all through the history.
It would have been really talk about ponderous.
Talk about real. And again, going back to that facts, not that I really want to let it disturb me because I know better than that.
I don't think I like rehash the whole episode from Thursday that much on Friday. Correct me if I'm wrong. No, I won't.
I don't think so. I don't think I wanted to demean myself to that level again.
But it's just, you know, they feel obliged, you know, instead of saying boy, that was a sure, you know, all the way, you know, had some stuff.
We had some good stuff and we had some bad. And I can only imagine the kind of stuff that he must have got. You know, I can just begin to imagine on that my space thing.
That's just my caution. Anybody out there when you start dealing with anonymous people on a website, whether it's my space or your place or on my face, whatever the hell it is, beware. That's all. That's my suggestion.
You don't know what they're all about or what they're up to or who are you talking to. WQAM. Hello.
Is this 560? This is 560 WQAM. Yes, sir. Can I get on the air? You are on the air.
Oh, okay. I want to talk about that. That's what we think.
We use a stone. Yeah. A nice round stone. Okay. Well, good. I'll tell you what. Bend over right now. That's a good place. Insert. In fact, put it in the long shoe. This is your shovel right in there. Wow.
He said, well, you ought to be related. He said something about when he wipes. It's only because he's stoned. Yeah. Something like that.
Probably one on the poll work or racing toward the 1300 mark. Man, it is incredible. 27 after 1, we got the mad dog at 2. That's what my schedule says. If he's not there, don't be blame in me for it. Okay. I just want to read what's on the schedule.
Now that anybody from sales, I realize this is an amusing question. Yeah. Well, seriously, that thing is unacceptable tomorrow morning. That needs to be dealt with and taken care of. Well, address that.
Give me just a generic sheet of paper that's some agency guy game or whatever. And don't even read it. Don't even proofread it. Don't see if any phone numbers in there like any meaningful information. Just hand this to the old man and he'll make magic with it.
Thank you, Rarrow. You imbecile. You ferry. Experience the difference at Mercedes-Benz of Palpato during their winter event. It's going on right now. They all knew 2007 Mercedes-Benz CL550 has just come in and joins the 2007 S550 to create an unprecedented driving experience during the Mercedes-Benz of Palpato.
And the Mercedes-Benz of Palpato in the winter event, enjoy at least in finance specials on C, E, ML and our class vehicles plus the motor train SUV of the year, the GL450.
Mercedes-Benz of Palpato has got over two of the employees dedicated to providing and comparable service, offering convenient service hours, courtesy vehicles and complimentary car wash and surviving customers too. They even offered dinner miles to their service customers.
Rouse their Indirexpo with over 150 new and premium vehicles or on the web, click on benzpapato.com. That's B-E-N-Z, benzpapato.com.
Experience the difference during the winter event at Mercedes-Benz of Palpato, your final item at I-95 in Copen's Road, call them toll free 1-800-New Benz, any W-B-E-N-Z that's 1-800-New Benz for Mercedes-Benz of Palpato wishing you and your family a joyous holiday season.
The biggest name of best talentizes me, Roger.
Where are the exploding balls?
This ex-Mess, you don't want to offend anybody on your holiday gift list?
I give them the new politically correct, non-denominational holiday record.
We wish you all very non-denominational celebration. We wish you all very non-denominational celebration. We wish you all very non-denominational celebration.
And I have been changed to the calendar.
Who could possibly take issue with songs like these?
Yes, we've taken the Unimu out of Christmas.
Make everybody happy. Get your copy of the non-denominational holiday record today.
What 32 at 560, your Fag Station for the New Millennium? How many votes we got?
12 88. 13 we got a lick. No problem.
An ex-communicated Roman Catholic-Garbyschup speaking of gay.
Continued to defy the Vatican when he installed a... and look at this, it's not only is it chopped off, but like half the sentence on all of this is chopped off?
No, say it.
No, say it.
There you go.
Stay the thing.
You don't want to hear about that anyway.
No, I didn't. It was a bad story.
It was a great...
Well, here's a good story.
I want her cliff. Remember I want her cliff?
I want her to get a spoiler.
Yes.
Bush and the Family Franchise. How George's W Bush has ruined the Family Franchise, right, Eleanor?
Now, I could take some more of these really great calls, but I don't want to push these people and I don't want to overdo it, you know?
As we go through the week and then of course next week you'll be off.
I bet you they're really going to be good next week, week before Christmas.
And I always wait.
The week between Chanooka and Christmas.
On the eve of report that repudiates his son's leadership, former president George Herbert Walker, Bush broke down crying when he recalled how his other son, Florida fat ass governor, Jeb Bush,
lost an election a dozen years ago and then came back to serve two successful terms.
The elder Bush has always been a softly, but this display of emotion was so over the top that it had to be about something other than Jeb's long ago lost.
The setting was a leadership summit Monday in Tallahassee where the elder Bush had come to lecture and pay homage to Jeb, who's leaving office with a 53% approval rating, putting him 9th among the 50 governors in popularity.
The former president was reflecting how well Jeb handled the feat in 1994 when he lost his composure.
He didn't whine about it, he said, putting a handkerchief to his face in an effort to stifle his sobbing.
That election turned out to be the pivotal because it disrupted the planned poppable shant for his sons, which may be why he was crying and why the country cries with him.
The family's grand design had the number two son, Jeb, by far the brighter and more responsible, ascend to the presidency while George, the partying and fretboard type, settled for second-vest in Texas.
The plan went awry when Jeb conquered a conventional wisdom lost in Florida and drew it unexpectedly defeated and wretched in Texas.
With a favorite air on the sidelines, the family calculated, shifted, they'd go for the presidency with a son that won and not the one they wished it won.
The son who was wrongly lost has made such a mess of things that he's ruined the family franchise without getting too edible.
It's fair to say that so many mistakes George and W. Bush made are the result of his need to distinguish himself from his father and show that he's smarter and tougher.
His need to outdo his father and at the same time vindicate his father's freedom to get re-elected makes for a complicated stew of emotions.
The irony is that the senior Bush dismissed by Junius Kraut as a country clump of tradition looks like a giant among presidents compared to his son.
Junius told off their Bob Woodward for his book plan of attack that he didn't consult his father and planning the invasion of Iraq but consulted a higher authority pointing presumably to the heavens.
He was pointing to,
The father also consulted a higher authority, family fixer James Baker.
The Iraq study group co-chaired by Baker pulls no punches, oh no punches pood.
And calling Bush's policies a failure.
It's a statement of the obvious but when you have a collection of Washington wise men plus retired Supreme Court just saying that they, they'll counter perhaps doing penance for a vote that put Bush in a White House during the disputed 2000 race.
It's the equivalent of the last rights for Bush's Iraq policy along with his presidency.
It's not a plan for victory because that doesn't exist except in Bush's fantasy.
The recommendations Baker and Company offer of more international engagement and shifting US troops to a backup role to Iraqi forces may help the administration manage and mass defeat.
Even so, that may be hard for Bush to accept.
His body language when receiving the report while polite was dismissive thanking the eminences assembled for breakfast at the White House for dropping off a copy.
This president has lost all capacity to lead.
11 American servicemen died in Iraq on the day Bush was presented the report which caused a situation near grave and deteriorating.
Events on the ground threaten to overtake even this grim assessment and were left to analyze Bush's tender ego and whether he can reverse course on the folly that is killing and naming countless embassies along with the White House.
The Americans are already debating whether Bush is the worst president ever just among the four or five wars.
He has little choice but to accept the fundamental direction of the Iraq study group.
He's up to his neck in quif sand and they've thrown him a rope.
It's trendy to make fun of the over the hill types in Washington but they've done a noble thing in reminding us that war isn't just about spin and a way to win elections.
It's about coming together to find a way out however unpalatable.
Bush was asked during the campaign in 2000 what would happen if he lost.
He said he'd go back to Texas, watch a lot of baseball and have a great life with Laura and the girls.
He's an accidental president a man who was involved in an into a job he wasn't prepared for and who treated war like a lark.
Bush's father observed between sobs in his floor to speech a true measure of man is how you handled victory and how you handled the feat.
He was talking about Jeb but surely it's his first born who triggers the tears.
With all of us by the way there you go Eleanor Clif G. Eleanor I think you're swelling I might have to play that.
She is just an hour of the holidays you know since it's all requested December for the host.
Isn't it? Yes it is.
It is.
23-2-2 at 5-60-7-2 and we have 292 votes on the pool here's what it is.
Which of these do you want to hear no more about and we'll certainly respect the audience's wishes if I feel like it.
And if not I'll talk like I said I'll talk about whatever else on my mind and contrary to that facts I just torn to 85 pieces.
It was bad radio.
So we got the one guy the first caller of the day Danny remember Danny boy.
He's given me a song and an answer about I should be on satellite.
What am I going to get off this terrible terrestrial radio and then we got this fact here.
This anonymous fact here.
Give me a song and an answer about how for the first time in eight years they had a turn it off.
Well I apologize profusely.
Not.
From 92 which of these do you want to hear no more about Paris Hilton 348.
Brittany and Kevin 285.
Neil's buddy Jacob of session 117.
Ranjeline a 103 sports talk 97.
Brady Quinn 87.
Iraq 68.
Pallet 660.
Christmas 51.
I hit this full 47.3.5%.
And global warming continues pulling up the rear end 29.
In last place.
Maybe we got to have like a global warming expert on like once a week like they have on the sport shows you know.
We have a Jacob segment on Tuesday the global warming guy on Wednesday.
We can have her herb herb jerk street every Thursday jerk herb street.
What are we going to have the buchi boy segment we're going to have the when that's not botchy but what was it?
We got the bottom boy said that.
I want to hear a lot more gay talk you know.
Wanted it wanted the butt beads in fact George is going to bring him over right after the show.
I got a spot to do.
That's twice I did that today you know that's not good.
That's not good.
When it comes to sports.
Now we're not we're just in fact we like to extra five six hours okay because it's just bad radio.
And in fact is Rick Shaw would say my good close personal friend it's just shock radio.
I wish I still had that drop in.
Do you remember that I do.
This one is a jerk and that one is it's just a horse since then he's come to know me and love me you know.
Just like they all do.
Even with the cap.
I'm gonna get ready to fall so we can call this Christmas.
It's not politically correct.
The ACLU.
I said the object.
Santa's no longer jolly.
He's differently sized.
And he's not a white man.
He's melanin deep right.
The L's are not the town.
They're vertically cut straight.
So men are so person.
Oh God what a pain.
So car Christmas trees.
Your botanical friends.
Much more of this do do.
I'll need a deep hand.
Girls are now free women.
When they're under 10.
But in the beginning.
Word we all see men.
Or we must be so careful.
And not to defile.
So please stay the homeless.
Our undomest side.
Because our kids.
Confuciancy.
Your fail is achieving.
Our deficiency.
If you want to be.
Our DC insider.
Then start calling hovers.
Let's care providers.
So we can call this Christmas.
It's not politically correct.
The little silver.
What the hell do you expect?
146 at 560.
1301 on the pool.
And that link.
I'll try it again after the show.
I don't think it's going to work.
Who cares?
Thanks a lot for that.
I'm not going to be a fan of my space stuff.
Swipboat veterans for truth.
Significant fines.
America coming together.
After two years of FEC school.
During the time.
I wonder if he's kind of like Murray the K or Madeline Murray or hair.
Arthur Murray.
During the 2004 presidential election.
During the 2004 presidential election.
Texas for truth.
The joint victory campaign.
Economic Freedom Fund and majority action.
We're likely to find for their conduct in 2004.
One observer of the process.
Major infractions were occurred.
The pursuit of big fish.
What if the big catfish?
You can't eat like bread.
I don't think they have like in show needs and places like that.
It's not the kind of craft they serve.
I'll say what I do like.
What do they call those?
I can't think of what they call those things.
They're like breaded little corn like fritters.
Corn fritters.
They're all carbs.
I'm sure they've got all that breading on the outside.
Yes.
I guess what I'm going to have for lunch.
I'm going to get some scallions.
I got some E-colleye all over them.
I'm going to smear them all over like some good corn fritters.
I'm going to cruise right across Lake Ontario right to Rochester.
Go to the 12 quarters and get some baseball cards.
Don't eat too many fritters.
Why not?
Not on the schmitter.
Sure hope you have a lot of T.P. around.
Something that we don't take for granted.
I don't take it for granted.
I have a rule in my pocket right now.
One of the worst things in history is to go into a public tea room.
Sit down and of course I've learned a hard, long, nasty lesson over the years.
Sit down on the throne.
Do your deed and then realize that inside those big steppes there's nothing in there.
I think there's all kinds of toilet paper.
That's bad.
Always check first.
If you go in and do a dump in a public restroom always make sure that there's toilet paper.
That's one of those things that only happens to you once in your life unless you're an idiot.
Unless you're a total moron.
So get so many times it's happening to me.
Once.
Try to think of that.
Luckily there was nobody else around.
There were more than one stall.
I was able to slide with my pants around my knees.
I was able to slide over and do a limbo rock into the next stall.
I just pray that nobody would come in.
What's this crazy person doing?
He sliding around from the stalls.
This stalling for time.
God.
And luckily of course it was my very good fortune having lived a good wonderful clean life that I have.
There was plenty of toilet paper on the other side.
That's a good question to ask. Will there be toilet paper in heaven?
You will need it.
Whipple will be up there and hand it out.
Well why not?
Because you won't have a...
How do you know that?
That's what they said.
What are you going to be doing saying you're singing, I ain't got nobody.
That's right.
Nobody.
But how long is that?
Oh the Christians.
How long does that have all that sex up there if they're going to have nobody.
You know?
If you don't cut the equipment, look at this.
They got what they are Jefferson and Louisiana.
You want to run off over the weekend and with the 90 grand this freezer, that cold hard cash.
See they like people like that.
They like people who want to leave you a lot of money in your will.
They like people who got lots and lots of cash in their freezer.
WDQYM, hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay sir.
I was in a long line the toilet paper and underwear and all that stuff.
I had an accident on an airplane one time.
One of the rest room took my underwear off, left it, got back on the...
In my seat without my underwear.
When I landed I realized I was in college.
My mother had sold my name inside my underwear.
Oh lovely beauty.
I was waiting to receive it in the mail.
I was just busted.
No wonder the world hates you like boys.
Okay thanks pal.
I will say this.
I have had accidents where I, you know, in fact that...
One episode I told about in Denys, I think it was in Orlando.
And had to use the underwares.
Oh and then have to use them but I mean hand just leaving behind, you know.
No I've used them and that one occasion.
I'm a good partner.
I used them then.
Oh I used them all because there was no toilet paper.
But I don't think they had that.
That's pretty creative though.
You got to admit that.
I would hand it to them so to speak.
Well these are the better my socks and...
I made a comfort choice.
I don't know any socks there.
There's a good message for all of you to punch out there.
Wear a socks because if you ever go in and have one of these instances,
one of these team room emergencies.
And there's no toilet paper.
At least if you got socks man.
That's right.
Something really handy for you.
You can always turn them inside out and use them twice.
Or just wrap them around your hand.
Do sock puppets.
Like a glove.
Take all this one howdy-duty.
Yeah I bet you do.
Howdy-duty.
Howdy-cue-am hello.
I just wiped my hand.
Well congratulations.
It sounds like it's coming out of your mouth now.
Man.
Go see Shoe.
What comes around?
Goes around.
WDQ way and hello.
After those are...
Yes sir.
Or are you?
Great.
Two things.
First you're thinking of punch puppies.
I'll just let you know.
That's what I was thinking.
I said hard puffy.
Yeah.
Oh man.
Be careful with those.
Speaking of that.
Wow.
Oh because exactly what George said.
It's the butter.
There's a lot of butter in it.
Yes.
Oh yeah.
And...
I'm...
I'm gonna stay close to home.
I would say this happened to me at a denny's also in Las Vegas.
Luckily I had a pack of tissues.
Oh, lucky for you.
Hey.
When you say a pack of tissues, I mean there's like Kleenex packs or whatever.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Those are like really small tissues.
Man you must be.
Hey buddy.
So why?
I don't want to get very grabbed.
No, that's not getting there too deeply, right?
You know, you just sort of go through the whole pack and let's put it that way.
Yeah.
But let me tell you that was an emergency man.
Two o'clock in the morning and there was no way.
No way to make it back to the hotel.
Happens to the best of us.
Hey.
All right guys.
Thanks, Pat.
Take care.
I pooped my pants.
Yeah.
So you couldn't believe I told that story on here and you thought that that was much more demeaning.
That happened to everybody.
Almost.
I don't agree with you.
Oh, here's the fact that it says, I've never had a puppy.
He's the one from Longzion.
So it was a pretty good, I do mean a hard puppy thing.
So it was the other corn fritter and the high spuppie.
I think the high spuppies are like cornea and butterier.
Anyway, I put my pants thing.
I pooped my pants.
That's much less degrading and embarrassing as mediating.
And certainly I didn't have any kind of, you know, emotional duress from that.
Yeah, I'm a person, you know.
And the other thing is the same thing.
That's what somebody that's idiot still understand.
When you're a person, a living and breathing, not just a voice that's coming over to speaker in your radio.
That's why a few people actually like that thing on Thursday is because it was humanizing.
Like here is a person who like, you know, has feelings, emotion, sensitivity, stupidity, etc.
Allow all these things.
Right?
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
I bet you're McGill was like peeing in his pants over that show because he's of course responsible for whatever comes out of that.
I told you it was all part of his plan.
He'd get in half.
I know he's, he's in for half on the will.
The biggest name, the best talents to the best is...
In the raw tree of the day.
The worst radio 560.
You A.
Bye bye!
