That my junior honey.
I'm not a baby back.
Baby, the daddy is meant to be.
Cause he thought it was a rental.
He wants him back like it over in Duke Library.
But he wants to get his baby back.
He thinks that Madonna is a little boy crook.
And so he wants his baby back.
And the deal was common with an option.
He wants him back.
And his baby back.
And his double definition of adoption.
But still he wants the baby back.
Right and where the children's on it.
Oh, I think it's very common.
He never better lives with the material girl.
I'm thanksgiving Hillie Turkey instead of this world.
But he wants him back.
But not a better kid herself for good attorney.
Cause he wants his baby back.
And things are not worth it all weekend with Bernie.
He wants him back.
I think that's a fundamental.
Cause he thought it was a rental.
And there is very day money that guarantees.
Maybe so have the fine to kid and tell us.
What does that have to do with?
How about those heat?
How about those panthers?
Not a good night in local sports.
In fact lately, every day has been a disaster in local sports.
Isn't that a shame?
Aren't we cursed?
We are cursed down here, aren't we?
A charter jet's nose gear collapses.
It landed this morning, igniting a small fire under the aircraft
at Fort Lauderdale Hollywood airport.
None of the 10 passengers or two crew members aboard the HS-125 arriving
from Mexico City were injured and the fire was quickly extinguished.
Cause of the problem, not immediately.
No one had plane landed about 230 this morning on the airport's main runway,
which was scheduled to be closed till mid-morning until the plane was
the defueled and moved.
Meanwhile, they're using an alternative runway.
That's just crap with these small planes.
Don't be a final puddle jump.
No.
That's just my suggestion to you.
And my life has changed in the last hour about 400%.
Now why didn't you do that a long time ago?
You've kept saying it didn't work.
No, you're laughing.
You're such a jerk.
But I resist.
Did I resist?
No, did I resist going through that?
I'm very easy.
When you don't know anything about something like computers like me,
you're very easily influenced.
Just like downloading that Internet Explorer 7,
which I wish I never would have done.
Here's my advice to all you people out there.
Don't get sucked in.
No.
Because we've already told the Internet Explorer is the antichrist.
They just keep making it worse.
And now they got the new and the deproved Internet Explorer 7,
which they're begging you to download that baby.
And it's a piece of crap.
It'll screw everything up that you got.
And now I got rid of Alexa.
I got like a real email account on there.
And on my Mozilla Firefox, Internet Explorer,
of course, you can't remove it totally from your computer.
It's part of Bill Gates' evil empire.
That's right.
So it's in there forever.
It's in there when you get your computer and it'll never leave.
I don't even know if you can get rid of that icon.
Can you?
You can drive it from the dust.
You can drag it?
Yeah, you can drag it to the tripod.
You're trapped in there.
Yeah, but it's still in there.
It's in there, though.
It's just lurking, waiting to...
And then, of course, if you never have to go on Explorer,
then you stay on Firefox all the time.
And plus I also eliminated Alexa from my computer.
I got rid of that.
Oh, right.
What a day.
Yeah.
And we actually made it work.
Thanks, Eric, as usual.
Leave it to Eric to bail us out.
Josh Schitt's fine.
He listens.
And he's learning slowly but surely.
Were you involved in that?
Well, you were receiving my emails anyway, right?
Yes, I was.
Which you said about that.
And now that I can do that, it's a clip of a butt with no Alexa, no BS, no crap.
You could just imagine how many stories I can send you every day.
Oh, I can't wait.
He's open, you'll send some during the commercial breaks.
Oh, OK.
Blame it on George, it's his fault.
If a word for him is straightening up that thing.
You could've done that a year ago.
I was just...
I was telling you it's quick and easy, but you didn't...
Because you're stubborn like you've always told us.
Here's the poll from yesterday.
What are you most addicted to?
Sex 311.
Sugar 191.
Porno 181.
You arrived your show 180, which has been accused of being pornographic, but that's back in the day.
Longer Joe.
Now we can't even do one of those.
Math 133.
That's totally bogus.
Let's say, you know, what did I tell you?
I voted for it.
Like I said, 133.
TV 120.
Pot 115.
Booze 114.
Refine carbs 87.
The Internet 69.
I hate this poll 58 3.2%.
That's a far cry from what we got today.
Caffeine 57.
Sports 34.
Gamble 31.
Cocaine 21.
Sigeret 20.
Sleeping pills 19.
Heroine 16.
And painkillers were somebody said, how could you've gotten this far in the show not added that?
We only had four.
By the way, I don't believe it, but they say now that math is the most addictive drug in America.
Yeah.
Well, it started out pretty slow.
And as soon as I mentioned it about how every community in America is just being torn to ribbons because all these meth addicts out there and now all of a sudden it's got 133 votes.
Remember how it started rising like crazy 98 degrees and rising as Nikola Shea would say, how's he doing?
He's got all her money, doesn't he?
Nice going neck.
He took a chunk.
Squeeze the bitch.
Now today's poll, which we turned around to what we had a couple of days ago.
And again, both of these polls are inspired by listener Sean.
Okay, so if you're pissed off about the poll too bad, go beat him up.
Now, the one we did about women the other day, the worst thing about women we had almost 14 of votes on it.
And let's see, I hate this poll.
There was only 89, 6.4%.
That's still fairly high.
But today, I hate this poll is leading because we turned it around.
What's the worst thing about men?
And because we have almost an entirely male audience, they're like, oh, hey, this is bad.
In other words, like, see, and again, what they're doing is in their mind that comparing it to as versus women.
See, that's not the question.
What's the worst thing about men as versus women or those we can't really decide?
That's not it.
Well, look at that.
Harold Ford says Senator Kerry should have published that of the truth.
You know, Harold, just go back to your playmates and cut the crap.
What he is not said.
I saw the clip and of course it's Kerry sticking his foot in his mouth again because he's a bummed bird.
He's about as funny as a heart attack.
But it was very obvious what he was talking about.
He was referring to Bush and that crowd, the neo-fascist being uneducated.
But he didn't express himself well.
So, next when they jumped on that, and I think what most people wish is that John Kerry would just go into hiding until next Wednesday.
Yeah, just just go away.
That's right. Just get out of here already.
But meanwhile, Harold Ford says Kerry ought to apologize to the troops.
He wasn't insulting the troops, okay?
You jackass, Harold.
Got all mighty.
Or we like Harold Ford a lot.
What's the worst thing about men?
745 votes. I mean, we'll do okay.
But it's not going to be some like spectacular, spastic total of A.
Is it, you think?
I doubt it.
I hate this pool lead.
See that never leads.
Right?
Right.
209, 28% say I hate this pool.
That's because they're all men who think that they're perfect.
You know, this nice scene, the audience, believe me.
Oh, obsession with sports 120.
I know they've seen me too.
And same, same thing.
Obsession with sports 120.
There's Slob's 92.
In fidelity 74.
They lie like hell 71.
Especially in this business, man, there are so many freaking liars.
By the way, George ran into our sales manager in a hallway yesterday and he went by a beep,
but a loop that went with a kind of a sudden draw on it.
Exactly.
Chris, just stay the hell away from us.
Okay, you're dangerous.
You're evil.
They're inconsiderate men 62.
They rape 51.
That's the Georgia's wife wanted that on there.
And they rape 51.
It's close to home.
There are too many of them.
47. That was Georgia's choice.
Too many of them.
Too many men.
He doesn't like the competition.
That's a problem.
Right.
I think if we were going to say too many ugly ones, that would be different, but never let them.
They can't commit 21.
And nothing they're great.
We just put that on there equal time.
Like we've had an ambulance pull.
There's four already out of 762.
Kind of reduced that.
I hate this full number.
We got to get that baby way down there.
I mean, it's on Sean's list here.
And what the hell?
It's a pull, right?
What the hell?
What the hell?
The white hand.
How about these ball games?
I'm convinced after the last five minutes again today.
They got some football experts who was about every game in the company.
Did you hear or can you talk about that?
Kirk Herbstry.
Who the hell is that?
He's the guy who...
You might be supposed to know who that is?
Well, yeah, you probably know who he is if you saw him.
The guy who does college game day with...
Get out of here.
I watch college game day, you're ass.
Get out of here.
What?
Are you using some kind of a sports nerd sitting here watching all those pre-game and posting?
No, I do not.
I'm just saying you probably know who he is.
I don't know if I'm even dark in my screen.
Okay, and my big screen, Toshiba, but he's white.
So what does that have to do with anything?
Now, I don't know if he was black, I wouldn't watch him, but if he's white, I'll watch him.
Well, you said he would be dark in your screen.
Well, I don't care if he'd lighten my screen.
How do you like that, Mr. Hotshot?
I guarantee you one thing, eight, no Shannon Sharp.
Who?
God Almighty.
How can they put that on the air?
Why isn't the NAACP demanding he be removed immediately if not sooner?
Anyway, so it's a sports show.
That's what I was trying to say.
Through all that convoluted crap.
I'm so excited about that thing.
I think George has got a point.
During the break, I'm going to send like 80s in, because it's WW.
It's Woodline Wednesday.
Right.
I won't be here this afternoon, maybe even this evening, depending on how long I'm going to get my machines over there.
What?
You better get a head start.
Okay, I'll leave right now.
Now that it's so easy.
Here's George.
Right click and send.
Oh wait, I got some music here.
Right click and send.
Wait.
Is that how I do it?
I'm the stories?
Yeah, any story that you're looking at.
Just right click on the screen there.
Oh, let me try one.
Oh, boy.
Oh, this is strong.
Kerry says he botched the joke.
Well, we don't care, okay?
And of course, that's the big, that's the big right wing of thing.
Oh, John Kerry said this and he, and uh, and sold of the troops.
Oh, here we go.
The scandal of the loss of had a governor's race.
Okay, uh, there it is.
There's the story.
Mm-hmm.
Right click.
Anywhere on the page there.
Yeah, send link.
Oh, look at that.
That was easy than I've ever thought.
Oh, that was easy.
Wow.
And there it goes.
Look at that.
Connections.
It's connecting.
Uh, uh, uh.
Now we got a problem on here.
Houston, we have a problem.
That one didn't work for somebody.
Why?
He screwed it all up.
Okay, let's not do it while we're running here.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
Let's take a little break.
I'm going to organize here.
It's Wednesday.
It's November number one.
Election day is less than a week away.
Aren't you excited about that?
Not really.
I don't know.
The anticipation.
It's like, uh, I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
Tonight, the concerts are going to rock the foundation of America and blow the roof off.
If you can only see one show this year, see the show that explodes in your face, the rage, the pain, the power of the diva, barra straight down.
You're the best, you got the best.
One night a ball through the wall, fire, breathing, bone crushing sound, ripping through your head like a shotgun blast.
It can only be one woman, barbra.
You don't bring me through.
Don't miss the concert that Marilyn Manson calls a f*** nightmare of sight and sound.
Barbra Schreysen.
No bottles, cancels, please.
Smoke, show to the happy minute.
So I got some good news for Josh.
Just a thing that George did that didn't work anymore.
I tried sending two or three more stories during the break and it just doesn't work.
It's all balled up and it keeps coming back and flipping back your e-mail address and past where all the crap again.
It keeps coming back up just like it was before.
So it's not working right and I tried it three or four times and I said screw this.
Thanks a lot George.
It's probably like a limit to how many stories you can send.
Yeah, yeah, that's it.
Yeah, that must be it.
Well, I have a theory that you don't want to hear it because it has to do with that hotmail account being in there.
I'm not giving it my hotmail account.
So you're going to say, I think, why?
I knew that's what you're going to say.
If you take the hotmail account out of your outlook express, it has nothing to do with your outlook account.
I mean with your hotmail account.
Oh, we're going to go through that whole thing on the air again.
Well, it's not.
But never the last.
And that'll be some really compelling listening is one of that the jerks set on the phone at one day.
You're really compelling.
You're getting confused.
But it has nothing to do with the...
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, it's getting confused.
My computer's getting confused.
Your outlook express is getting confused because you have two accounts on there.
How do you follow crap?
Okay.
Okay, let me just try one more time.
Here's a story.
Over 40 Shiites said, Kidnack's in Iraq.
Okay?
I'm not even going to right click.
I'll go to file and send the link.
And the box ain't even coming up anymore.
It's not even coming up.
That's not possible.
It's back there somewhere.
It's behind something.
It isn't behind anything.
It's not in front of anything.
It's not behind it.
It's not around it.
Oh, there's the little box though.
There it is.
That's the one.
And I'm clicking it and it's...
I can't right back up again.
And you click OK and it comes right back up again.
And again.
Which one?
The verify password thing?
Please, either.
And you're using the name and password and the audio, audio, audio.
And remember this.
And you click OK.
And although I'm really pleased looking at Jimmy's Franco's picture there, he looks pretty good.
But...
Well, we'll figure it out.
Forget about it.
We'll figure it out tomorrow.
Yeah, the hell with this.
Okay. Now if I can just get rid of that box.
What's in the box?
Oh, and now the thing is popping up again.
Okay, I'm sending it.
I don't know what I'm sending.
But I'm sending that through.
Oh, and there's a little box coming back up again.
Please, any of your...
You're killing me, man.
Just get rid of that.
My life was so simple.
My life was complete.
I like the life.
Even though the stories were getting so screwed up.
You had to use that Internet Explorer 7, which was a pain in the ass.
I'm going to destroy your life.
I didn't have to use it.
It was in there, but I didn't have to use it.
Hey, we got 802 votes on our poll today.
We're under the 27% mark on the...
I hate this poll.
Thank God.
We gave them in.
Some places else to go.
And told them, quit being so damn sensitive and taking it so personal.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
If there is...
Instead of looking at it as opposed to the women the other day...
You're thinking of staring at the person.
Right.
Anyway, getting back to bads, that cow.
The funny girl wasn't laughing.
Superdiva Barbara Streisand had a drink lob that her Monday.
After a skit with a George W. Bush impersonator that poked fun at the president.
Streisand's publicist Dick Gutman said a paper cup filled with some sort of liquid
was thrown on stage that apparently did not hit Streisand during her second performance
in the 4-Later-Day El Suburb of Sunrise says the story.
Well, the 4-Later-Day El Suburb.
I'm surprised, doesn't say the plantation suburb of Sunrise.
Streisand's manager, Martin Erlichman, said she shrugged off the incident and responded
to the angrily, as I remember by saying, it's a free country and they're in
Tettle to express their opinion.
It's at least the third time the Bush skit is angered Streisand's audience.
A Hitler targeted her at the Philadelphia opening of her 20-city comeback tour government said,
and Streisand made headlines with a response to a girer at Madison Square Garden last month.
Erlichman said Streisand believed the skit was in good fun and noted an impersonator
Steve Bridges who wrote it as a Republican for Christ's sake, for Christ's sake.
Gay. This skit has been so massively covered by the media it's impossible it still
could come as a surprise to any of the Bush admirers with who bought tickets Erlichman said.
Despite the controversy Erlichman said the skit would remain a part of the tour.
It stays in the show except for a few performances where Steve has a conflicting
commitment Erlichman said, Streisand outspoken a little history in the country after
a tub of your absence from the stage offering fans a repertoire that you
repertoire to puke from. How do you like that? Of all her hits,
of all her big crap. I'm really depressed. I went from a euphoria to total depression
and Josh I'm sure is breathing a deep sigh of relief at this point.
Heavy brewing, huh? Heavy.
Well, what do we do about this? It doesn't work at all now.
We'll figure it out tomorrow.
It's working just fine before.
One little, I know, so it doesn't make sense and we'll figure it out.
Probably one stupid little letter or a line that's wrong.
I already got like 20 from this morning. We'll just go with that.
Obviously if it was working before there's some stupid reason in here.
Let me just grab a little arrow here, okay?
Alright, send a link, okay? Send a link. I'll look at the fresh.
There's the thing. I'm typing in the things first to type in.
Which address comes up when that little deal you have?
We know we interviewed there.
I can trigger.
Now, and there's the little box again.
Okay, but it's not good. I see that little box you need.
It comes up again. That little box should not come up.
Right.
And that little box that comes up is asking for your Neil Rogers task for guests.
Yeah.
Okay.
It's making sense.
I'm not going to type it.
This is bad, man. This is why nobody gives you the reason that box should be coming up.
Now, but it just keeps coming up. I click OK and it's instead of connecting and it doesn't connect.
I had that problem before and I fixed it and I forget how.
Well, that's great. That's terrific.
This is the reason I resisted so long. Okay, I kept my honor.
Well, look, I'm not a computer guy.
Well, I'm sure it's hell not. If you're not, what the hell are you saying?
You know, troubleshooting. That's Eric's department.
Well, get him on the horn there. Get him on the screen.
What do I do, Eric? I'm stuck. Thanks to George.
Eric says that you need to select the right profile to send from.
Well, what the hell does that mean?
Exactly. From the accounts. That's why I'm not going to go back to the beginning.
I know. I'm not going to do it on the air.
We figured out the morning.
Huh?
We'll figure it out in the morning.
In the morning, using them to show up in the morning after this kind of crap.
I'm not going to send Josh all these stories about my Alexa that you caused me.
I know he got through accounts. Eric, he doesn't want to hear me because he thinks that if he does something with the other account on the Internet Explorer,
then it's going to do something with this hotmail account, which it won't.
If you would tell me what to do, I'm not the least bit concerned about that.
You told me that once in a while.
Yeah, really?
How do I do that?
How do I do that? Hot shot.
Why did you close my thing over here?
No, Miguel, because it's gone.
White House and Senator John Kerry traded their harshest accusations since the 2000 presidential race yesterday with President Bush accusing the Democrat of troop bashing and Kerry calling the president's men hacks who are willing to lie.
If you see Kerry get all bent out of shape yesterday afternoon, if he would have gotten that force will back in 2004, the election wouldn't have been close enough they could steal Ohio and steal a hold-and-thing again.
Kerry, he is scary that old John Kerry.
The war of words tough even for this hard fought campaign season came after Kerry told a group of California students on Monday that those unable to navigate this country's education system gets stuck in Iraq.
And it was pretty obvious if you watched the clip which I did a couple of times when he was talking about.
He just as usual expressed himself very poorly and he botched the joke.
The two parties are searching for any age in which the occasion Democrats could take back the House and possibly win control to send it next week's midterm elections.
That's why Harold Ford and Virginia jumped on the van wagon in Tennessee rather.
Bush rose in Apalqueria, it was an apology.
It's just perfect.
None of this has to do with anything that would have done the problem.
Who's picking on who and who's the biggest pervert and who's the biggest bigot and who's got the darkest skin and who's the biggest horrible or all that stuff.
Like I told you, Anita Party's got any solutions for America and that's why this is all they can talk about.
It's slamming crap back at each other.
You can almost smell it.
And then it goes down about Tony Snow.
So it cares about what they'll Tony Snow.
It's true Tony Snow.
And then it were he used to work at two, okay.
The fascist news network.
And of course the people who watched it are just a bunch of automotons who get sucked in now.
Am I going to get like a fax or something instructing me how to straighten this thing up?
Because I want to get straightened out now because I have to send my 800 stories during the show because Josh knows damn well.
I'll be leaving it to a clock.
I didn't hear like a bat out of hell.
And as a result, that means I can't send them the 4000s.
That would have been the fun part of this whole thing George.
Yeah.
He's just aggravating him a little bit and sending like 100 stories on the first day.
Not that I would do it again.
I cut it down to 90 tomorrow.
Tomorrow will teach you how to send stories from your blackberry quick and easy.
Just think how good it would be.
It would make me exciting, huh?
Wow.
I never thought about that.
And I would slow down my plan to machine the new mom.
I've sent stories half as much.
I've sent Josh stories while sitting on the toilet with my phone.
And we take the twice as long to lose 1000.
Like in other words, instead of 10 minutes, like 20 minutes.
Yeah, but I'll send you facts.
I'll sweat it.
You will?
Sure.
I mean, I thought we had that corrected.
I thought it was me as it were regressing.
We went through the whole thing.
We had that problem originally.
You told me what to do.
I did it.
And like, and it worked.
Bingo, that little bastard in pop-up,
and connecting that little green line that's slimy line went across.
That's why it leads me to believe this story.
He got to slime on it too.
And what's not to like?
I thought, I'll ride.
We're in the ballpark.
And then of course, like everything with computers.
Oh, surprise.
See, that's the one thing I don't like about computers.
They're like women.
They're very, very specific.
That's right.
And much like women, usually the problem is something very simple.
And so, but it's a...
I'm not interested in ever knowing what kind of crap they're going to sling at you.
More complicated than it has to be.
Right.
Just like women.
Right.
Just like your mother.
Yeah.
27 after 10, what's that schedule look like?
It's Wednesday, November 1.
We got Mad Dog at 2.
The power hour with the Mad Dog, I guess alone, 4 to 5.
I don't know.
I never know what his schedule clearance is.
It's such an idiot.
The Humber is in Louisville.
He'll be on 5 to 7 from Louisville,
where the Churchill Downs had got the breeder's cup this weekend Saturday.
Hurricane Hotline, a game works at the shops at sunset, place 7 to 9.
The Beast at game works 9 to 10.
I say feed him well, and the 80 K at 10 o'clock is usual.
No Panther game tonight.
The Panthers end the Leafs in the Macaroon in the Marnight.
Gonna go see that?
Oh, yeah.
Come on now.
Go there, root for the Leafs, root for Paul Maries and the Leafs.
You know, an auto accident said, traumatic experience.
They're shocked.
They're stressed.
They're a tourist.
They're a grief.
It's something nobody wants to happen.
But it does.
And what it does, you're gonna need to help answering all the questions that will race through your mind.
What do I do now?
Do I need medical treatment?
Do I need an attorney?
In my entitled to compensation?
What the hell do I do?
And where do I turn?
So many questions in so little time.
You need to be sure you call the right number the first time we need to do need to help after an auto accident.
1-Triple 8-Crast 61.
It's a free call.
There's no obligation.
1-888-Crast 61.
1-Triple 8-Crast 61 because you need answers now another accident.
24 hours a day, seven days a week, you can talk to these folks.
1-Triple 8-Crast 61.
It's your auto accident hotline.
1-888-Crast 61.
It's toll free.
There's no obligation.
Get all your questions answered about your auto accident.
Get some peace of mind right away before the shock and stress does barrier.
Call toll free.
1-Triple 8-Crast 61.
And they'll help you out.
1-888-Crast 61.
The biggest name of the best talents.
This is PioRotterus for 20560.
Get in and hold it.
Get in and hold it.
Get in and hold it.
Get in and hold it.
Get in and hold it.
Get in and hold it.
Get in and hold it.
Get in and hold it.
Get in and hold it.
Get in and hold it.
Get in and hold it.
Get in and hold it.
Get in and hold it.
Get in and hold it.
Get in and hold it.
I'm out of the job.
Come out of the job.
Fuck, fuck.
Boy!
Boy!
Boy!
Boy!
Boy!
Do you want to get those arms out the door?
And that's a piece.
Go all the boys, grin, and those out in the street.
Same thing will happen like it.
To me, folks, he's going to bump, bump, bump.
Your light light before.
Bring your song to the lump, bump, bump.
Just like the ink for.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
So, what for?
Oh, what for?
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh.
So, what for?
You're all the same thing, boy.
I don't have to worry about that little box popping up anymore,
because even the original one doesn't pop up.
And you press send link, the outlook expressing doesn't even show up at all.
So, okay.
This thing is totally erroneous.
All right.
Erroneous and phologous, so you worry about it.
Well, anyway, it's 1034, and I'm trying to print something out in the end.
I'm just hoping that this didn't screw my whole computer up, which will surprise me.
Well, this is tomorrow.
Tell them, although it's selling two of its hit telenovelas and shows from its cable network,
Monten 2, to be available on iTunes in partnership with Apple, a company said today.
And then exciting.
Okay.
The telenovelas shows will be included in a new section on the iTunes retail website called iTunes Latino.
Latin Music has been a huge hit on iTunes, and now we're bringing music fans even more of what they love and dedicate.
They read on the iTunes store said,
Eddie Q. Apple's vice president of iTunes.
I don't see any facts here with any more instructions on what they were.
I should stick it in the right place.
I wasn't right in the show, but I don't have an conversation with Eric here, but I'll wait.
Yeah.
Well, tell them now that the box, in fact, I've probably been trying to send Josh that story.
The one I just read you.
I'm clicking send link and it doesn't do anything.
Nothing happens.
Okay.
And I'm not going to sit here and wait.
And neither is the audience okay.
They're getting pretty impatient and pissed off about this.
I'll tell you that right now.
I can smell it.
We'll play with it more tomorrow.
Yeah, but you will.
839 votes on the poll.
What's the worst thing about men?
I hate this poll.
Oh, thank God it's coming down.
223.26.5%.
That's still staggering because you guys are taking it personal, okay?
Jesus, like somebody is picking on them or something, which of course this poll is.
What Sean's just trying to even it out.
A session with sports 129.
There's slabs 101.
They lie like L 83, right, Greg?
In finale 79, inconsiderate 68.
Too many of them says George 62.
They rape says George is wife 55.
Well, she would know.
They can't commit 22.
And nothing there.
Great 17.
Nothing wrong with men.
Of course, the whole idea of these polls is stupid anyway because it lumps everybody together.
Like all women are like this and all men are like, they are stupid.
It's a poll, you know.
Yeah, it's just fun.
It's not going to change the future course of mankind.
Any more than whether I can get my outlook expressed working or not, which I doubt.
See, the thing that bothers me about technology is that you get something working once.
And it's great.
And then all of a sudden, like, you didn't do anything and all of a sudden, I guess why they don't work anymore.
They're sending them a copy of it.
What?
For no good reason.
For not even for a bad reason.
Just out of the blue, out of nowhere.
Had that baby lick, man.
We went through all that angst and grief and sewer said I'm clicking and pressing it.
I'll throw it out of here.
I'll just throw this up.
Stupid setting that we'll fit.
And Josh is sitting there quaking in his booth where I'm going to send him 200 stories because I'm a maniac.
Well, there's a lot of good stuff on there, you know.
Yeah, there is.
He's got plenty of time now that he moved into his new digs with his old roommate.
I'm not out yet.
I still got a lot of moving.
So take it easy.
You're not out yet?
No.
Yeah, that's what Charlie Chris said, too.
Yay.
Anyway, here's a story from a little lady.
There's a story about a...
How did that go?
The Brady Bunch?
There's a story about something lady.
What was the word?
About a goofy lady.
Anyway, your buddy writes the right dark Thompson, although his name is non-ness, but it's on a capital that he'll blue the red.
John Kerry, another Moronic presidential wannabe, he says.
In 2004, the buffoons who ran the Democratic Party and their voters in primary elections gave us a political idiot named John Kerry and tried to convince us that he could be president.
Christ, John Kerry.
I remember the lateral excuse for a senator strutting under the stage of the Democratic National Convention,
snapping that ridiculous salute announcing he was reporting for duty.
What he should have been reporting for was the psyche ward at Bellevue.
The psyche ward?
The nut job ward at Bellevue.
The incredibly stupid decision by Democrats to run John Kerry's Aronomy in 2004, virtually guaranteed another four years of despotic rule by George W. Bush.
Bush may well go down as the most corrupt person in U.S. history.
He certainly is the most ignorant and the most devoid of morality.
Yet John Kerry might have even outstripped Bush when it came to stupidity.
On Monday, Kerry tried to tell a joke on the campaign trail.
Kerry may be a clown, but he should leave Joe St. Late Night talk to your host.
He's a bad senator and a crummy politician, but he's an even worse comedian.
Speaking of passing into city college, Kerry said.
To tell the two kids in the future, there's Kerry.
He says, you know education if you make the most of it, you study hard, do your homework, make an effort to be smart, you can do well.
If you don't, you get stuck in Iraq.
How's that again, Senator?
You apparently meant to jab Bush for his lack of education and knowledge, but the way you said it sounded more like an attack on the troops serving in the tobacco-caldor rack.
Kerry's office quickly sent out a clarification saying the senator did not stick to his prepared text and was supposed to add just as President Bush to the end of the statement.
Let's see, a man who claimed he could be President can't even read the lines of his speech correctly and fails to deliver the punchline in a joke that's supposed to be the major focus of the speech.
And this clown wanted to be leader of the free world.
There's no doubt towards W. Bush is a blithering idiot who murders the English language just about every time he opens his mouth.
He lies, he cheats, he makes illegal in a moral decision that cost labor market men and women their lives.
But John Kerry is no less a fool.
As many missteps in the 2004 presidential election gives political science professors endless fodder for classes and how to blow an election for your father.
It's stupidity this week created an environment that for a day or two at least allowed Republicans to divert attention away from the relicions of the campaign.
Thank God this moron never became president says so confident.
It's very surly and like I'm getting to buy, I don't see no facts.
I thought you didn't want to play with it during the show.
No, I don't mind doing it during the race. I don't want to do it on the air. It's a bad radio.
All this dead air while you're sitting playing at the 1902 Rudy Valley music or whatever the hell it is.
And I'm over here like, poxking around and punching buttons. I mean that's not what they're paying me to do.
Last time I checked. Yeah, I understand that.
Not that I'm mine. I wouldn't mind sitting here poxking around with a computer the whole time.
Well, it's going to be difficult because I don't know what's going on over there on your end.
So just sending a facts for instructions for you to follow, you know, well I press send link and nothing happens at all.
So it indicates to me that that whole that that thing is basically a kind of difficult to believe.
Although I went back to my desk after this down the little box was there again.
In fact, it just keeps coming back. It won't go away. I keep giving it okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.
And it just it won't go away. It keeps popping up right over our James Franklin.
It happened to me before and it's a setting that we have to correct. Well, we'll worry about that in the morning.
All right. In the meantime, I'm sure that I'm capable of sending Josh at least two 300 stories by the time I get out here at two plus.
I'm not going to send you any more or less than I would ordinarily. Okay, Mr. Hodget. Just relax.
And just thankful. Just kissed the ground that Eric Vail was saying. You know what the most red story was yesterday on our website.
Josh, let's because you talked about it all day. You talked about, you know, pay that in here. Talked about it in my ass.
And George is also full crap on his Firefox about the text size that I have to keep increasing again.
Yeah, I mean, I like Firefox. Don't give me wrong, but there are some minor glitches with their hair.
There are two text fonts and you have to set the line. I don't want to hear about it. I know.
That was the most red story on our website yesterday. There's the the pissed off eight man on the guy who was spotty.
He's one that walking elevated there. On the movie escalator, the airport. So easy. A cave man can do it.
Anyway, a GOP homoerotic cabal and Chris and his sweet 16 friend, 530. It's got the most reads from any story we had on yesterday.
Nice job, Eric. Thanks a lot. And Josh is learning every day a little bit slowly but surely just like me slowly but unturly.
18 to 11 at 5 60 WQM. It's Dalmatrists 30th birthday.
30 man. And to celebrate, well, we just had the guy call guy. Well, might as well do it, right?
Yeah, I got the check. Got a code. It's perfect.
OK, and like I said, it's Dalmatrists 30th birthday. The celebrate Dalmatrists and Simmons are offering the lowest price of the year on the best selling Simmons beauty rest pillow top.
Right now you can choose from soft orders biggest selection of Simmons beauty rest and get same day delivery.
If you're finally ready to get a good night's sleep for years to come and do it the smart way like I've been doing for a very long time, just make one easy call.
Call Dalmatrists at 1-800-Matfress and get yourself factory direct prices and award winning service with no nonsense.
Dalmatrists offers you 12 month financing and that unmatchable delivery deal.
You pick the 2-hour window any day of the week, 7 days between 8 in the morning and 10 in the night.
And that's when they show up like noon to 2, 1-3, whatever day in time you want in that 2-hour window when it's convenient for you.
Even the same day that you call. So to make a long story short, if you call right now, just pick up that phone.
You can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight. That's why Dalmatrists ranked number one in the world of customer satisfaction.
Even the dumbest of the dumb at QAM, even they use Dalmatrists. You don't have to be a genius to figure out this is the best way to go.
On the web, check them out at mattress.com or call them at 1-800-Matfress, 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
What you've got that last-ass, like I always tell you, it stands for Stupendous Sensational Savings.
The biggest name, so best talent to the business, for your Rochester's 4th radio 560-U-A-M.
Oh, Salpe, Salpe!
We are going to break down the door. Fire are gone. We have been caught, shall we?
If you do not have any air, we will make you disappear. And let you do exactly what we want you to do.
We are going to pull out your air, what screws in your skulls, ramaglose your cup of your tube.
They touch your belasven past, their bush and have a name act, and there's not a stupid thing that you can do.
Cube!
And a murderer, praise for his lord and king, for you will go to the kitchen and cook you two hundred green, feast them in life.
Enjoy the brown dirt light, or I will make you disappear tonight.
In a bunch of pockets or eyes, who will have your cup more?
Driver's might as well do your feet and hands.
Cube is not what you say, but it may be good to be, or else will make you disappear.
But we can't. We're going to have to repeat you with the rubber holds again.
But don't you want to buy a budget, just your debts?
OK, 1048 or 2M, I did see gas light more than once.
OK, so I know that when people are trying to drive me nuts or convince me that I'm...
Maybe it's a senior moment.
Yeah, it was. I'm not in the wrong hour. I'm in the right hour.
You're in the right hour, but there was no live spot to be read. It just says dial mattress to spot.
When you know something, it doesn't really make any difference. You want to know why?
Why?
Because it's still the same spot, back to back, side by each. It's still the same account.
Well, I'm not the one that wrote the log, OK? In addition to which, after all these years, why not give dial mattress to free spot, huh?
Why not? In fact, maybe Chris Jones can give him to pay a little extra because I did it live. How's that?
I'm sure he's calling them right now.
Yeah, get on the horn right now and say, hey, guess what? Neil gave you a live one, Aaron. We're going to charge you like an extra 100 bucks.
You willing to pay it? No.
Whatever.
So it was a senior moment, OK, my bad.
I love it confused. Although you'd be pleased to know George, that when I clicked file and send a link that now the outlook is press boxes back.
Oh, good. Because Eric says you're somehow the password got changed. And for some reason, he's getting a wrong password.
What does that mean?
That somehow.
Well, how do I go?
I work before and I re-type it in. OK, well, whatever. Send me a fact. Don't burden the audience with all this technical, very much.
I said, let's play with it.
What is gobbledy-gook?
No, but you know me. I get the upsides again. I do.
I focus. I focus, man. Focus, focus. I'm on the focus.
Go eat some merry james and relax. I wish I had some. Oh, my God.
Oh, I don't want to say another thing.
And then I found out I found out that downtown is a store.
Oh.
A mutual acquaintance of ours named John told me the other day that there's a store right downtown where they have like all the old time.
They have all kinds of candy.
I know exactly where he's talking about to.
I haven't been there yet, but aren't you proud of me? I went through a whole day and didn't go there.
Very good.
And I certainly can't go there today because at two o'clock I got my W-W Wednesday.
What about Wednesday?
Oh, I could have my cabbie turn around and maybe if you're lucky to lose so much money you won't be able to afford candy.
That's a good idea.
I'm going to like punch extra to them. I'm going to double double. I'm going to play two machines all day side by each.
As for overreacting the Bush carry non story, a slow news day is detrimental to in-depth news coverage.
It seems while the cable news producers may think it's important.
It's not likely that anyone in the voting public cares about this carry business.
Iraq, that's a different story altogether.
The Wall Street Journal says present of Bush is getting a bit more credit from voters for positive economic news.
But there's little sign the modest bump is benefiting fellow Republicans in the midterm election campaign dominated by voters anxieties about Iraq, a mess, a nightmare.
A week before Election Day, the new Wall Street Journal NBC news poll yesterday showed the president received improved marks for handling the economy.
Initial Republicans are increasingly emphasizing in their desperate 11th hour attempts to hold their congressional majorities a mid-rising stock bite using falling gas prices which were sure just coincidental.
Mr. Bush essentially breaks even on the issues with 46% of voters approving his economic stewardship, 48% disapproved.
That's up from 39 approval and 56 disapproval in June.
Yet, raging violence in Baghdad in recent weeks has further darkened Americans mood about Iraq.
The issue voters call most important that their election decision making next Tuesday.
The result voters want Democrats instead of Republicans to control prime risk by a 15-point margin, 52 to 37%.
That gap matches the record for the question in journal NBC poll set earlier last month.
Last month. It's been amazing it's November 1 already.
What do we decide yesterday? We got some important stuff coming up in November in the early days.
Let's see, tomorrow's the second. We got the Panthers in the lease at the Macaron. That's important.
Saturday we got the breeder's cup at Louisville, a Churchill Downs. What was happening on Sunday?
Oh, Sunday is my birthday. And the Tuesday is Election Day. Wow. All of these. All that crap.
Iraq sits in the middle of this election says Bill Macinture, the Republican pollster helps conduct the journal NBC survey.
While Republicans may welcome voters improving attitudes toward the economy, as Democratic counterpart Peter Hart,
they're getting a swamp on the issue of Iraq.
In fact, the poll demonstrates how attitudes on Iraq in effect translate into voters' valid choices.
A 54% majority of the electorate now says removing Saddam Hussein from power wasn't worth the human and financial cost, no kidding.
The highest percentage in the journal NBC poll since the war began in March 2003.
And you see, the interesting part of all of this is that the majority of the American people don't even realize how Saddam got in there in the first place.
Who put them there? Among these voters, 48 and 10 want Democrats to control Congress after elections.
But among the 37% of state of war has been worth while 7 and 10 want Republicans in charge on Capitol Hill.
Among all voters, 61% today feel less confident the war will end successfully, while just 27% feel more confident about the outcome.
The generic polling numbers support the thesis that littlers changed, and according to the poll, if you think Iraq was, if you think the Iraq war was not worth it, and that's 54% of the public,
you'll want Democrats to control Congress over Republicans by 82 to 10%.
Got that? Got those numbers? 82 to 10%? Got it.
Speaking of numbers, let's take a look at that poll. That important poll. Oh, there's that box again. I don't want the box now.
893 votes. Well, if there's something with the password change, why don't I get a fax on that?
I'm right in the memo. I'm right in it. Are you right in it? Yes. I said, pass it along. Okay. Send it. Expony Express.
893 votes. What's the worst thing about men? And again, they take it very personal. It wasn't meant to attack. We realized that we have an almost almost 100% me a lot of audience, because certainly what women are going to listen to this radio station.
We used to have a few, but then we started with that all sports radio. You know, women are saying, well, they don't want us.
We got a few. We got about 10 worst thing about man. I hate this poll still leads, but down to 25.6% 229. Nobody's going to top that. They don't like it.
They're taking it very personal. And maybe there's a reason for that. You know, sometimes you resemble the remark. Obsession with sports 135. There's slabs 104. They lie like hell 89. In fidelity 85. They're inconsiderate 73. There are too many of them 67. They rate 59. Nothing. They're great. See how many people voted for that?
And they can't commit 22 out of 893. The worst thing about men. We couldn't take a poll tomorrow about John Kerry and I'm not going to waste my time with that though. I wasted more than enough time with him already. He just he's a fool. And the fact that they let him out. They should have him in a room closet somewhere locked up until next Wednesday. That shows you how done the Democrats are. The fact that they let him keep running around. Although he did book up later on the day. You see that? He got really pissed off and fired up. You think that makes a difference? No. Now, in fact, every time we take a poll on who the Democrats should run into
in 2008, he comes in not just last, but he with a minus in front of his number. Like the guys across the street like Joel Feinberg with a minus in front of the number except in the morning when they kicked our ass in the book. Did they kick our ass in the summer book? Oh, yeah. And in that last month, wow, in September. That's where we're making the transition. Give Kelly. Can you vote chance? Okay. Once they get quit talking about that sport stuff and quit having all those what's the guys name her herb street? Yeah. And I'm supposed to know who the hell that is. You probably do.
Maybe if you saw get out of here. Herb Street. You're a crazy person. I think I think you're getting swat. You're getting swamped under with that sport. You're the sports. The huge is just swamping your ass under the watch. The dead you just sport. The incessant sports of barrage that you get hit within that building. Kirk, what's his name? Your curb street? That's it. And then you got that. I run a windbag and you asked all these other men. Of course. Oh my God. Eric Reed was on her yesterday. Tom's a student. What are they? How much do they lose by?
Last night. See they got their ass kicked really, really bad. Yeah, it was pretty bad. It was a bad. It was like almost 40 or something. And then the Panther game. I noticed they don't even put an attendant stuff for that. You could have gone bowling in the stands event game, which they blew in the last seconds of the game. But a stupid penalty. Nice go on. Marta and Jell and I use silly ass frog. Nice go on. Idiot. Of course, when you got a coach named Jacques, Marta and also too much frog stuff. That's the problem there. Too many frogs kill a pod. Anyway, they lost 10 57 at 5 60 WQM. Any interest? The Panthers and the Leafs tomorrow night.
Let's give away some tickets. Not. He racing fans. Now I've been the right spot because I want to check with you. I want to double trick him. Yeah, you're good. This is a pompino park. That's right. Well, you know, I saw a data. Matt first now. I mean, can you fault me for assuming that it probably? I don't know. I just saw it. Hey, you had a guy on my yellow highlighter there. And I highlighted. I said, this is a highlight of my life working for Joe Bell and Chris Jones. Of course, he is something. Pompino Park is giving way what you love the best cash. Make sure to come out this Saturday, November 4 for Pompino Park.
First grade cash giveaway free drawings throughout the night to win $2,500 and free betting vouchers. Or you might also win great tickets to an upcoming football game. You've got to be 18 or older to win only one win for a person on the night free. If you blanks will be given out starting at 6 PM at both entrance gates. And best of all, both admission and parking are free at Pompino Park. Pompino Park is open for live racing and poker every Wednesday, like tonight, Friday and Saturday. Poker a post time is 725 and the smoke free poker room is open from noon till midnight with tournaments to. Simal casting as well. Of course, every day, 70.
And it's a week from noon till one in the morning. And don't forget now this Saturday, November 4 is the great cash giveaway. So come out and win your share of $2,500 and betting vouchers or maybe some great football tickets to Pompino Park racing and poker a block stop.
This is the Neil Roger show. This is your boy. Any question?
I want to play a game. Oh yes, there will be blood. He is one of the most sadistic killers in history. Now he's returned for the third installment of this trilogy of Terror.
Oh my god, this place is a mess. Whoa, and what's with me being changed in a while?
Jessica sends a pain in suffering her words that you've inflicted on millions of people with her awful music.
Whatever. Now the time has come for pain and suffering to be placed upon you.
Oh, get it. I want to play a game. Cool, I like games.
Saw three. Are we going to play red? No. Not playing? No.
No. No. No. No. No. Saw three starring Jessica Simpson.
Okay, before we start the game, I just have to say that you need to send over it made service. This place is at pig's thigh.
There is play at this place. It's seven out maybe. Please show the top.
The five star hotel is definitely as much. Sometimes we can see the movie that will make you scream.
Oh no, I have splitter.
Look, I just unlocked the door for you.
The keys to unlock the chainsaw in your back pocket used to make it up.
Please, I have a massive headache.
Do you know if any good manicures in the area? I'm totally chipping now.
Oh, good God leave.
So free.
Okay, so I got this whole fax here from George.
I went to the little thing, nice to meet you.
Give it a try. Give it a beer.
Huh? Sure.
Let's give it a whirl now. Let me try to send the Josh 20 or 30 stories while waiting for this.
And there's that tiny print again too.
Text size increase.
Oh, we're going to have tomorrow.
I'll write it down.
Okay, then it's not a big deal.
I'm not that lazy, okay? It's not that I'm making a big issue out of that all I probably am.
It's tough when you're in different countries.
When you're one.
When you're out of touch with the audience up there in Toronto.
You know what? It's difficult when you're not looking at the other person's computer screen to see what the problem is.
Carry cancels campaign events. Look at that.
Oh, there's a square out of the Senate.
Yeah. Good news.
White House insists carry a apologize.
Well, let me send the link.
I'll look at the press. Let me.
Oh, this could be exciting.
It might just work. What do you think?
I don't know. I got everything connected.
Let's see. Is it sending it?
Yes.
Setting a message for a 12 5 or 12.
Oh.
How do you like that?
10 or 12.
12 or 12.
So that's 12 stories you got there.
I'm sending them all to you.
Well, that's the one good thing about computers.
They had that great memory.
I'm like, oh, yeah.
And so that even if you screw it all off that the other stuff is stored in there.
Just waiting for you to get it done.
That's not the guy.
They got a lot of money.
You got like you got 100 stories for tomorrow already.
All right. You're all set, kid.
He's not in the sun.
Too happy about it.
Oh, you're so thrilled.
He's dancing.
Prosecutors are expected to charge state representative Ralph Arza
and his first cousin today with felony counts of tampering with and retaliating against a witness for their excellent of lace phone calls from Miami Beach Lawmaker who found their messages threatening.
According to charges close to Arza and the investigation.
Both are third-degree felonies.
Arza planned to have a press conference.
As a matter of fact, 11 o'clock this morning, we have it right now to announce his resignation from his state house seat to stave off the criminal charges
but was told the charges would be filed anyway, the source to say.
In other words, too late, sweetheart.
One reason for the charges coming now.
Arza was scheduled to speak in telehance into the House Select Committee to investigate the conduct of representative Ralph Arza.
The committee was established after the representative Gus Burrow gave police fire recordings of messages left by Arza and his cousin Polino Barbone Jr.
Then he used to pitch for the reds.
Two weekends ago in which Arza called him a bitch and used a racial slur that began with an N.
Burrow had just filed a House Rules complaint against Arza, alleging the highly illogical and twice used racial slurs to describe Miami Dade's black school chief Rudy Crew.
I wonder if he's came to two live.
Shortly after Arza left a second message, Barbone allegedly called and was far more explicit saying one of the things they would crack your head open.
Did you get those 12 emails by the way? Those are stories?
He's looking for the police.
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
Huh?
I said you know I did.
I don't know.
Is that wrong with my email? If you sent it, I got it.
Arza is still expected to be resigned as thrown out of the Florida House by 2-3rds vote when it convenes in its first post election season of November 21.
When Arza's friend Marco Rubio is to be installed as the Florida's first Cuban-American House Speaker.
Arza's told some friends he wants his success to be a school board member Frank Bolanios, who ran a vicious but failed campaign to once see Miami-Center Alex Villalobos this year.
Villalobos said Bolanios is unacceptable.
Unacceptable.
Anybody that Arza and Sista would be a bad choice to make things right as to not have his guy in there.
That's his guy.
Whoever his guy is that the wrong pick just look at his track record said Villalobos.
And rather there's no ventin' with this going on.
You know what I'm saying?
Ventin' yeah.
But there's one chain of your right arm and the nasty bull bike novels.
Speaking of that, Tim.
And a biting insult.
Oh, get out of here.
Get lost, honey.
Get lost.
They're trying to spin on us.
See, leave it to Carrie.
Leave it to him.
To give them something to start harping on.
You know what I'm saying?
Man, oh man.
I wonder if Senator McCocco is just playing the Jews harp in Virginia.
He's probably harping on it.
Speaking of that, Israeli jets fly low over Beirut.
Oh, see that?
Nope.
The Israeli Air Force states mock raids on Hezbollah targets in Beirut and parts of the Seven Leopard on on Tuesday,
according to 11 of these security forces.
The world planes flew at low altitude over the city and dived at targets, but no bombings.
Maybe they had some of the many nukes on there.
Aides Israeli planes involved in the operation, according to the lesbianese security officials.
The mock raid was the biggest show of Israeli air strength in lesbian on since the 34-day conflict in in August.
It knows how far, how fast the media forgot all about that and the public too.
You can be sure of that.
Remember, we were like on pins and needles every day when that was going on?
Oh, yeah.
Needles and pins with the searchers.
Israelized previously one that would continue to fly over lesbian on a prevent Hezbollah for me,
rearming with weapons far off from Syria.
UN peacekeepers and Lebanese security forces said that two days mock raids violate the UN brokered ceasefire between Israel and Hezbollah.
The one that A.E. hosting, tiller, have any impact on the Israelis?
Ever.
No.
924 votes on our poll, and the I hate this poll is down to 25.1.
If we can get that down to a more reasonable number instead of you guys taking a personal stop in St. Gimages of Crime Babies, be like women.
You're acting like women now.
Two commercial planes bumped into each other yesterday on a Newark International Airport,
but there's a lot more of these stories every day now.
You notice that?
Ah, actually.
Not a lot more airplane horror stories.
Ah.
Kena Hora.
Two commercial planes bumped into each other yesterday on a Newark International Airport runway delaying hundreds of passengers on a transatlantic flight.
Loftons of flight, LH403 headed to Frankfurt, Germany.
I've been there.
You don't want to go there.
bumped into another plane said, Loftons of spokeswoman Jennifer Urbaniac.
A wing on the Loftons of Boeing 747 was damaged.
The airline was getting the 294 passengers off the plane.
No injuries report.
They had to get another aircraft.
The second plane was an empty continental airlines Boeing 757, which was being relocated to a remote overnight parking spot.
It was in a stationary position when a contact occurred.
The airline said in the statement.
It was apparently brushed by a taxing Loftons of 747.
It appears the 747's left wing brushed to 757's right wing.
Well, that's something when the left wing and the right wing.
You notice there's something symbolic about that with the election just six days away?
The left wing is brushing the right wing or whatever the hell it was.
If you want to fly, flap your arms.
That's my best suggestion to you.
Loftons is okay, but disappointing.
I thought they'd have great food in business class on Loftons.
They did not.
Are they expensive?
Are they expensive?
Do chickens pee? Are you kidding me?
Are they expensive?
Of course they're expensive.
Well, then you know how it expects some good food.
Well, you don't get it.
Like KLM asks me, is KLM expensive?
You bet your sweet ass it is.
Do they have good food?
And this business of airplane food, you've heard me discuss it a million times.
You're out here to want to hear it again.
It's just there's no point.
They just aren't in.
They should stop trying to be in the food business.
They're in the flying you from one spot to another business.
And let the food thing get done by I want sandwiches.
Even though I shouldn't be eating the bread, I can just eat it to fill in, you know?
I want sandwiches.
Well, I'm turning out.
I can send a whole bunch of stories.
What?
Well, it's your fault.
Don't get pushed off a mead, Josh.
Blame him.
Beat him over the head.
Otherwise they're handy anyway.
I just want to make sure that this keeps working.
I don't know how that, uh, how do that?
I mean, I mean, what you sent me for the password, you think I actually used that dumb bell or whatever it was?
Of course not.
I think this story just went out like lightning, man.
Not only is this working out, but it's sure working a hundred times faster than it was before.
By noon, I could have 600 stories for tomorrow on websites that haven't been invented yet.
I'll just make some stories out.
How's that?
Got it.
Yeah, that'd be your first.
What does that mean?
You mean like Captain Harrison or Plane?
Yeah.
You mean, that's not one of those planes.
Oh, maybe that's why they brushed the, uh, maybe the captain was on a way to Frankfurt.
Good place for, by the way, as a crappy place.
Of all the places I've been in Germany, Hamburg is beautiful, but I don't know.
I wouldn't go back there.
Probably because I had a bad experience because I stayed in a beautiful location.
A hotel right on this big lake in Hamburg, but no air conditioning.
It was the middle of the summer, it was a hundred degrees in the shade in the way you see.
Germany is very chinsy when it comes to air conditioning.
Berlin is beautiful, it's beautiful, but forget about AC, okay?
Bring a fan, bring somebody really nice to wave you with a fan, you know?
Or something.
Or bring a bunch of ice to sit in, sit in the bathtub and a bunch of ice.
That's another thing in Europe, they're very chinsy with his ice.
Like if you want to, you get a coke or something, you want ice in your soda.
Oh, they give you a look like, are you kidding me?
You want ice?
What are you, some kind of a lunatic?
I guess you're going to have to take your own when you go over there.
Yeah, take your own bag of ice.
935 votes, well if they don't get 56 people, percent of people say America's on a wrong track
and that new NBC Wall Street Journal pool, all they get that bitch Lynn Cheney on there,
talking about her lesbianist novel.
That's not just on the party.
Get out of here, go dress up if you're having his underwear.
The worst thing about men, 25% were down to, I hate this pool, 234 still leads.
Isn't that amusing though?
Well, we were picking on the women the other day.
Yeah, well they got a hit.
I only had this pool only had about 6.1, 6.4%.
But now that we're picking on the men and finding out, you know, just taking it personally as if,
maybe we've worded it wrong, maybe that's transport, maybe we should've said,
what's the problem with some men?
You know what I mean?
Most women, most men.
Yeah.
I mean we're not saying that all women are a bunch of stony bitches like you said the other day,
or that all men are slabs or compulsive gamblers, or that they go out raping people,
or there are a bunch of perverts.
What's wrong with being a pervert?
I like it.
Right.
Right?
What's wrong with that?
Nothing.
I think everybody ought to be a pervert to a point.
What does that mean anyway?
You've got to know where to draw the line, unlike Miss Foley for example,
who likes him a little bit too young, and even if they weren't too young,
see that's another thing that they keep dwelling on, these 16-year-old page,
even when it got to be 21 and he was having sex with these guys,
the fact that the matter is that was inappropriate.
He's supposed to be their guardian, he's grooming him so that when they can look to show their ID and their over 18,
he can be diddling them.
That's what that was all about.
Maybe he could go into the dog grooming business.
Oh, I'll tell you one thing, I sure wouldn't have left him alone with any of my dogs.
Miss Foley, how long would it want to miss Chris?
Yeah.
Has to say about all that.
Are they asking about that?
Are they putting his feet to the front?
And Tom Feeler, I saw his ass, his ugly little ass there the other day on MSNBC,
from the hero, you know, a little BDI Tom Feeler,
without the yellow trench coat that he used to wear when he was chasing around Gary Hart and Donna Rice.
How come you're not on top of Charlie Gay?
Chris, huh?
Since you're so interested in everybody's bedroom activities,
and since he's one of the big hypocrites of all time,
and he probably going to be the next Florida governor,
how come that Tom Feeler ain't involved with that?
You don't think because Gary Hart was an Democrat
and Charlie Chris is a Republican, do you?
He's an artistic Winston.
Oh, it's possible.
Now, that wouldn't be any more of the hero's pandering
would it be the certain constituent?
It could be, but...
Who hates them like poison in wishes they would all croak?
1113 at 560 WQM, we got Mad Dog at 2,
we got the Humper is in Louisville for the Breeders Cup on Saturday,
so he'll be doing a show today from there,
and then we got Gildy tomorrow, I see.
We got Gildy at the Antisett of the Marbley for the Least Panthers game.
Let me tell you again about what you ought to do with your carpets,
and that is have dry concepts, dry clean your carpets,
so the only people in the world who use this method,
and it sucks out even the deepest down dirt
and the fibers of your carpets that you can't see with an naked eye,
but the good news is it leaves your carpets looking and feeling
and smelling just like brand new.
They smell a lemony fresh, and it makes for a healthy situation
all over your house.
More reasons to use dry concepts is that your carpets will last longer
because you keep it dry clean.
It stays clean, you're longer too, comes out softer.
The colors come out looking brighter,
and like I said, your house smells lemony fresh.
And dry concepts right now has got to plan to make frequent cleaning easy,
the cracks in the cost of regular cleaning.
You'll never have a dirty carpet again if you use dry concepts.
I've been using them for over 21 amazing years in my house.
They never let you down, and they give you a written guaranteed price right up front,
before they start doing their fabulous unbeatable job on your area rugs,
or re-ederal rugs, your carpeting, your furniture, your drips,
your poultry, all of these things.
In Broward Caldera concepts at 9.5.4.370.778.
That's 9.5.4.370.778.
And they've been pombiated to a toll-free call.
1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071.
Don't forget nobody knows where it does it for you, like dry concepts.
The biggest name of this taxis is wheel Rogers,
4th radio 560-UAM.
And now, a telephone conversation between Paul McCartney and Heather Mills.
Hello, this is Andrew McCartney, resident.
Who's him on the phone?
It's uh...
Uh, Tilla, I want to talk to uh...
Telling him I'm in my bubble bath.
He's in the bubble bath.
He's not in the bubble bath.
I just heard him.
What the schmuck on the phone?
She knows you're not in the bubble bath.
Got a shop calling me.
Hello, Paul. It's Heather Mills McCartney.
For the love of all that's good and green,
stop using Heather Mills McCartney.
We'll get the divorce.
I'm still your wife.
You're not me wife, Linda's me wife.
You're just a bad bit of lasagna before bed.
You're going to regret saying that I am going to drag you through the mud.
My friends told me you were lying,
scheming black men a little bitch.
There's nothing beloved about you.
Way too everyone finds out who the real Paul McCartney is.
Your own father said you were a gold digger.
My father was a schmuck, just like you,
except you're the one who'll be writing a check for $600 million
to Heather Mills McCartney.
For the love of all the leaves and the tree,
stop using the last name.
It's still my name,
and I'm going to be filthy thinking ridd.
I feel what I shouldn't be having in the contact with you.
I just wanted to tell you that I'm going to start telling the truth about you.
You're a crazy.
I'm a crazy.
How about the time when I was pregnant
and you stabbed me in the arm
with a broken wine glass during a fight?
You lunatic.
That was a fight between Carlos and Gabi
on desperate housewives on the telly.
How about the time I asked you to bring me 12 lemons
and you only brought me two.
Baby needed 12 to make a centipede.
You crazy, Banchi.
It was from the movie The Breakup
with Vince Vaughn and Jennifer Aniston.
You've lost it. You've lost it.
How about the time when we turned from vacation
and you screamed and we constantly
just ate up in the case, Anja.
Up in the case, do you love better?
Why do they hear that story?
Why do they hear that story?
They'll know immediately.
You're talking about the TV show Deal and No Deal with Howie Mandel.
You thought the deli confused with reality?
How about the time you were an undercover police officer
in the Boston Mafia?
How about that one?
How are you going to deny that form of carton?
I'm a beetle.
You're talking about Leonardo DiCaprio
in the motion picture of the departed.
How about the time you made me play kickball
with my bad leg?
Kickball, I love kickball.
I love kickball.
Kickball's like my favorite sport.
And you knew that about me before you married me?
Yes, way to Heather Mirzma Cartney gets you into court.
We all live in a yellow shop Marie.
A yellow shop Marie.
That was one of the three and the best thing about this
look-as-pressed thing about my new email deal
is that those things are far enough like
like grease lightning now.
Mm-hmm.
During that last break I sent a couple more stories to Josh.
What would he do if I sent him like 200 bedtime stories to put on the website tomorrow?
He would save for everyone.
Would he really?
I'd have a fake heart attack.
Would you?
Let's figure that out.
I nearly had a heart attack yesterday when I opened my weekly
FedEx package from Chikinek.
Not only was his disk in there, but also
a DVD of All Fall Down.
Oh yeah.
Which I watched in the video.
Thanks a lot Chikinek.
That was great.
It's not a great movie, but it's pretty good.
It's got Warren Beatty and it's got Wethelas her name.
I better Google it.
It's got the Carl Maldon.
Oh, her.
And it's got Angela Lensbury playing a really
nagging, just a doding, overbearing, dub-noxious mother
which some of us can relate to.
Let's see, all fall down.
Too much computer crap today.
Although I'll tell you one thing, nothing works like a charm.
Good.
Don't know how that weird password got in there.
One of those grammar links.
Probably Alan Luden had something to do with it.
In between the making cough drafts.
Let's see, all fall down 1962.
And of course it mainly had had 20-year-old, what's his name?
Brandon DeWilda in it.
6.6 out of 10 on IMDB.
How do you like that?
Even Marie St. She was the blonde.
She was the one that Barry Barry had his eyes on.
He was a dooner.
And then of course she died in the end.
Car crash first said.
Carl Maldon, Angela Lensbury, even Marie St.
Brandon DeWilda, Constance Ford.
You know that Brandon DeWilda was born the same year that I was 1942.
The only problem with that is he's dead.
He died in a car crash at the age of 30 in 1972.
A lot of even numbers there.
And this movie was made in 1962, so he was 20.
So I don't feel like Gildy watching it.
I don't want to have to feel Gildy watching.
I watched scream last night.
Again for the umpteenth time.
I've seen it before.
And I have no idea what the actor was played.
And who else was in it?
And that Campbell was in it.
She's alright. She's nothing special.
Plus she was schmutzed up most of the last half of the movie.
Everybody had blood all over her.
And the last half of the movie.
Scream.
I didn't find like one scary, I like the scary movie one better than
Scream parts one through one hundred.
Didn't you?
Yeah, the star is being camped.
At least amusing.
I didn't find anything very amusing or scary at least bit.
No.
Here's some chilling news.
Chilling.
Winter might actually reach South Florida this year.
Moderate El Nino conditions are same events that help suppress hurricane activity this season.
Our expected to profile waves of win-three weather to the region during the next few months.
According to local forecasters, this means a relatively wet dry season.
Sweaters in the subtropics, even the possibility of tornadoes.
Oh my god.
Due to the return of El Nino this fall which should persist into the spring, South Florida's dry season may not be as
dry as in previous years said Robert Moyetta, the National Weather Services severe weather expert in South Florida.
More importantly, this may also mean that the threat of severe weather will likely be greater this winter
and spring than the past several years.
Moyetta planted news conference today to discuss the issue.
El Nino's a curb when water in these two in specific become unusually warm.
The child.
So that whole El Nino thing, it's just it's so sad and it makes you want to cry.
During the summer and fall El Nino's can produce cross winds that inhibit hurricane development.
During the winter El Nino's can cause the jet stream to shift farther south, allowing northern cold fronts to dip into South Florida.
When those cold fronts arrive in Florida they sometimes collide with warm moist tropical air creating severe weather.
That's what happened in 98 when a ferocious storm struck the entire state in early February.
And then three weeks later a swarm of tornadoes, poverty or land-aware, are killing scores of people.
Three years ago a moderate El Nino delivered relatively heavy rain.
That helped them to long drought in Florida.
No one can predict the precise effect of the current El Nino but forecast to say history offers a lesson.
That should be remembered even though hurricane season is nearly over, Floridians should keep an eye on the weather.
Take an eye out and stick it on the weather.
Put it on your barometer.
There's a possibility we make for it's the most active winter in spring severe weather season since at least 2003.
Moyetta said that's three whole years holy moly man. That's record breaking.
Another saying.
It's chilling.
I just love the way. Of course they try to be cute little play on words chilling.
But everything is chilling breaking news hysterical earth shaking much a crap.
970 few votes on a pool and we're down to 24.6% I hate this pool.
We're starting to take a little bit less personal which is very good.
Isn't that good? That's great.
I think I also did the wrong. I did not do the spot in the Farong break. I'm out of sync man today.
It's because of this computer business. Did not just do the dry concept.
I wasn't going to say anything to you.
Why not? They just go with it man. No big deal. Why not?
I don't want to do like you know and seeing the good I could do it again.
And then we can charge the client double as no one it's all about because basically the new sales department that's our modern analysis.
Just put a bunch of spots on the log and if we can get people dumb enough to pay for them that's that's what we care about.
I bet you have to spot some of the logger sliders. You know what sliders are?
I don't know. I don't know.
Larry Kent used to explain to me what I and Z with sliders were.
And they're contracts that sales people make up. They nobody ever agreed to.
And they just turn them in and they build a client and see if people are careless.
They're sloppy. We're dumb enough to actually pay for it.
The biggest name.
So it's a bad amount of help to pay the business without her writers.
They're describing over there.
60s uam.
The lollipop little boy.
Where come?
No one will survive our next attack.
These are the stakes.
You will all be destroyed.
You will not go to board our republican group.
These are the stakes.
You mustn't stay the most in Iraq.
No stay in Iraq.
As they say until the jump is over finished.
That will end the scene with this not completed yet.
Tammaraqah, who joined at least day until late finish building it.
Are the stakes.
God gave us the only leaders.
Man or man who could have placed will need a bomb.
These are the stakes.
Praise put up and on Iraq.
These are the stakes.
Are those stakes?
I know Mr. President of these are the stakes you ordered.
From Omaha?
Not exactly sir.
They came from the basement of Walter Reed.
Nash and Rare.
No, no, no.
No message.
I approve by 10 mailman of a gay old party.
I just approve it to you.
I painted my chest all blue.
27.
I'm sorry.
I have two bad pieces of news for you.
The hot mail thing is doing the same thing again.
Not the hot mail.
No, no.
Eric just told me that he's getting that same weird password for some reason.
Why is that?
I don't know.
Let's play with it in the morning.
I don't want to play with it in the morning.
Also you just sent me a cover page from Keith.
Listener since the KET says.
Oh, that's a pervert.
I don't know who that is.
He's just sending me a porno in the mail all the time.
Well, I can't make it out because it's a pervert.
Oh, it's a pervert.
It was a pervert day card.
Oh, well, he does it all the time.
You have the pervert.
I kind of guy.
96 votes on the poll.
You mean to say I can't all done sentence stories to Joshua tomorrow?
Holy cow.
It could have been more than 40.
I guess so because I think it worked in no mold.
Nearly half of Americans uncertain that God exists according to a new poll.
Okay.
Deal.
Good on.
Nearly half of Americans are not sure God exists according to a poll that also fund
divisions among the public on whether God is male or female or whether God has a human
form and has control over events.
In other words, like that, all the God BS.
The survey conducted by Harris Poll for the found that 42% of U.S. adults are not absolutely
certain there is a God compared to 34% of felt that way when asked the same question three
years ago.
Among the various religious groups 76% of Protestants, 64% of Catholics and 30% of Jews said
they are absolutely certain there is a God.
While 93% of Christians who describe themselves as born again feel certain God exists.
Wait a minute.
Only 93%.
Yeah.
So I'm a born again Christian but I'm only so, so certain.
When question on whether God is male or female, 36% of respondents said they think God is
male, 37% said neither male nor female and 10% said both male and female.
He's got it all.
He's a hermaphrodite.
Only 1% think of God as a female according to the poll.
But that's something.
Ask whether God is a human form, 41% said they think of God as a spirit or power that
can take on human form but is not inherently human.
In other words, a bunch of gobble to gook but a beep, like that.
So the good news is, yes, Eric changed the password to that weird one that keeps coming
up.
So now you shouldn't have any more problems.
All right.
Let me try something.
What's that password?
Does it mean something?
I tried telling him that no.
Oh, don't look at me.
I'm not changing it.
I'm not sure.
I'm trying to explain to him that what we're doing, he thinks we're both nuts.
Okay.
Let's see.
Not that thing that didn't work.
Still popping up.
All right.
So I'll like to say we'll play with it in the morning.
Oh, crap.
You see, just when I thought that I had some really magnificent thing here, this was going
to work real great because you hit Alexa like poison.
Have you removed it from my computer?
Yeah, it sucks.
Just because Internet Explorer is a piece of garbage.
That too.
Here's another fact that says, that's what it says.
By the way, something who done more for American, who done more for American African American
broadcast is good ability.
Shannon Sharper or Lanymore, it says good question.
It's tight.
It's tough.
So George Bush is getting on Carrie's case for botching her phrase.
That makes sense.
Oh, W is a master thing.
We're starting out for the poor men are too homophobic.
Okay.
Okay, let's put that on there.
Too homophobic.
He's from Ken who must be gay.
Okay.
Okay.
Thanks, Ken.
Butchup.
Anyway, as to whether God controls events on Earth, let's see.
As to whether God has a human form, 41 presents it that said they think of God as a spirit
or power that can take on human form, but it's not an heavenly human, which is just,
you know, a bunch of nonsense.
As to whether God controls events on Earth, 29% believe that to be the case.
Well, 44% said God observes, but doesn't control what happens on Earth.
Well, I thought he was supposed to be omnipotent and omniscient and I'm present and whatever.
He would all, right?
But maybe he just likes to watch.
Maybe he's a sadist.
That's what I'm thinking.
Your God is a sadistic God.
It's almost take a moment.
Nine hundred and eight nine votes by the time we do the next break will have a thousand
votes already.
That's not such a big deal.
A lot of people, a lot of guys didn't want to vote on this poll because they took a personal.
Although we are down to 24.2%.
What that make you feel a whole lot better once we get under 24%.
Yeah, not really.
It'll make me feel relieved that they're not taking it so personal.
They're all voting for there too many of them.
What's the worst thing about men?
Nine ninety two.
I hate this poll 241, 24.2%.
I'm saying, how can we didn't put two homophobic coming right up?
Just be fresh.
As opposed to a little homophobic.
A little bit so.
Okay.
In other words, if some bag comes running after you try to grab your goods, you're on
like a son of a bitch.
That's okay.
But if you're thinking everybody that smiles at you is trying to put a move on you.
That's the thing about me that really amuses the hell.
It's just a lot of guys who are just uglier than sin.
A lot of straight guys and think that there are gay guys who are like, well, some of
them are.
Oh, look at that Virginia Senate race.
This opinion research web 50% macaque wits down to 46% 4% of the Senate.
It's headed on a wishes butt man.
But Jim Web is four points ahead.
How do you like that?
And Senator macaque wits is he's trailing.
He's ill and is that incredible or what?
Yeah.
I'm going to try that story one more time.
Well, maybe he hadn't done that yet.
Have you already done it?
It's possible it hadn't taken yet.
Should see the conversation we're having in the little chat window over here.
Are you really?
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm doing it.
I'm sending it and it didn't work.
Okay.
Because he told me did you try this and of course it's everything that we already did this
morning.
Didn't work if you think I'm a thing in the ass.
I guess I love you Eric.
You're great.
Yeah.
Plus who now wants to have that funky password on there?
We're having to type it in again.
Like I'm going to remember that.
We're going to we're going to take care of the Zorro Eric.
The Zorro.
Remember why there's a grumlin in there?
Well, we have what we have straight now.
I'm sure the audience is just on the edge of their seat.
Like I said, they're clicking notes.
They're clicking notes.
They're right now.
They're down.
Internet Explorer and Alexa.
Okay.
They'll never let you down.
And of course, Alexa is a pop of a button too.
Josh knows how fast I can send those stories with Alexa.
Thing like that.
That's on his way.
Yeah.
Just like that.
Like, there you go.
But unfortunately now I'm like caught off in the past.
So if like the world is coming to an end, I tend to have next to two and a half hours.
It's two hours and twenty minutes.
I'm not going to be able to send it for tomorrow's stories.
If it's coming to the end like over the weekend or something like that, you'll never
know about it with our website because unfortunately, thanks to George, Patrick and my, and
telling me, oh, and this is going to be great.
It's just going to take six clicks is all it's going to take.
That's right.
Always exaggerating, man.
Always excited.
Always trying to let go show us how smart you are and how dumb I am.
That's basically what it's all about.
Isn't that what it is, John?
How smart he is and how dumb the rest of us all are.
That's basically George's goal.
He'll Rogers.
Go.
George Rodriguez.
No.
So you should have done the other way around.
What's that?
You know, you're going to hold your buddy, Scotty Mac.
Oh, yeah.
George Rodriguez is good.
Neil Rogers, no good.
He shouldn't have done that one.
That wouldn't be funny.
It would be most amusing.
19 till noon at QM.
We got the mad dog at two o'clock.
I'm sure there's going to be a lot of commissaration, man.
The local teams are all taking it right up the old queue.
Hurry Keynes lost the Georgia Tech on Saturday.
The dolphins had had to buy so they didn't lose before they're really ill and panties
blew the game in the last minute last night.
It's stupid late penalty.
They got beat by the sharks two to one at the Mac Arena.
They heat with their opening game in the season with all that big hull of blue we had,
wasting hours on the station.
And then they were getting blown out by the bulls no less.
I thought the bulls were weak.
That little box keeps popping up by itself spontaneously every now and then.
It's trying to send.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm talking about the one that says, oh yeah, you've got to say what?
It's trying to send whatever you tried to send the last one.
Well, that's a good thing.
Once we get all straightened out, then we'll have like 50 more stories that I'll go
at once to Johnny.
You know, the biggest name of the best talent.
Oh, wow.
You're a Roger.
Force Radio 560.
You AM.
And this is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
That's a movie.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm not talking about that one.
Let me 27 at 5.60 W.A.M.
Big doses of red wine extract help obese mice stay fat and happy.
Huge amounts of red wine extract seem to help obese mice eat a high fad diet
and still have a long and healthy life.
Suggest a new study that some experts are calling landmark research.
Oh my God.
The big question is can it work the same magic in humans?
I've started sucking down the red wine right now if I was you.
It's like you're all mulled in that movie all fall down.
And he never stopped drinking during the whole thing.
Of course if you were married to that bitch.
Oh.
And if you had a son like Barry Barry rhymes with you fairy.
Scientists say it's far too early to start swilling barrels of red wine.
But some are calling the latest research promising it even spectacular.
The study by the Harvard Medical School at the National Institute of Aging shows
that heavy doses of red wine extract lowers the rate of diabetes, liver problems,
and other fat related ill effects in obese mice.
Fat related deaths drop 31% for obese mice on the supplement compared to unfreeded obese mice.
And the treated mice also lived long after they should have a study said.
Astoundingly the organ of the fat mice that got the wine extract looked normal
when they shouldn't have said study leader author Dr. David St.
Claire Harvard Medical School.
And St. Claire said other preliminary work still be done in the live show
as the wine ingredient has promised in lengthening the lifespan of normal size mice too.
I'd go out and get a bunch of grapes right now but red grapes.
What is it that they're extracting from the red wine so good?
St. Claire has a financial stake in the research.
He's co-founder of a pharmaceutical firm, Cipfras Pharmaceutical Link of Cambridge Mance,
which is testing the safety of using the extract on humans for treatment of diabetes.
For years red wine has been linked to numerous health benefits.
But the new study published online in the Journal of Nature shows that mammals
given ultra-high doses of the red wine extract, what is it?
Revera-trol.
There it is.
Can get the good effect, what?
That's the question I asked.
Revera-trol can get the good effects of cutting calories without having the
pain of actually doing it.
If we're right about this, it would mean you could have the benefit of restricting calories
without having to feel hungry soon, Claire said.
It's the holy grail of aging research.
The holy freaking grail, baby.
Try the wine.
Revera-trol produced when plants of under stress are found in the skin of grapes
and other plants including peanuts and some berries.
The Revera-trol treated 55 obese mice on a high calorie diet.
One scientist called the name McDonald's Diet and not only about his health he is normal mice.
There is agile and active unexercise equipment as their lean cousins showing what can be considered
a normal quality of life higher than usual for obese mice since study co-author Raphael
de Cabo of Nestle and Stunna and aging.
These spad old mice can perform as well on the skilled test as young lean mice,
and Claire said, well when Hopper gets back from Louisville give him some grape juice.
See what happens.
All right.
See if he starts hopping around.
He drinks the grape soda here all the time.
Oh, that ought to do it.
Maybe that's what keeps him so, so, spur and, uh, whatever.
Spray.
Spray.
Spray.
Spray.
The only major body measurement that didn't improve aside from weight was cholesterol.
That didn't seem to matter in the overall health of the mice.
Huh.
The study is so promising that the aging institute this week is strongly considering a repeat of the same experiment
with Reese's monkeys coming the closest to humans after successful Revera-trol experiments on yeast.
Worms, fruit flies in our mice, said Institute Director Richard Hodes.
Which means you ought to be eating loads of, uh, red grapes.
I'm going to start right?
Yeah.
Of course, if you diabetic, it's not a good idea to be too many.
I mean, of course, if you diabetic, you can't have that great, wealthiest grape juice.
Well, that's one of my favorite things in the world.
I can't drink it.
So, get that extract instead.
Yeah, get some of that Resvera-trol.
Whatever that is.
1021 votes.
And I hate this poll is down to 24.2.
If we can get that baby down to about 20% by the time we get out of here at two o'clock, it'll be, it'll be something.
I don't know what, but it'll be something.
It'll be quite an accomplishment.
When we started out this morning, we were right on the verge of-
I mean, it was personal.
You even noticed that yourself on there, the year, you know, leading the way that's the number one answer so far.
Oh, speaking of the number one answer, if you noticed there's that new family feud, the 18th incarnation, they keep trying to bring that show back and guess what?
They don't have the right host to do it.
No, I hadn't noticed.
I mean, you had an integrated Richard Dawson in the beginning, who was, of course, the best in the Egotist and Maniac, but nevertheless, he was good.
And then you had, what's his name?
The short guy that boozed brains out what was his name?
Oh, uh, Holmes.
Ray Holmes.
And he was, he was very well in bed, although, see, the thing with Ray Holmes is he thought he was going to be the next Johnny Carson.
Remember, we were, that's true.
Yeah, yeah.
He thought he was going to be a really superstar, and the best he could do was be like the host on family feud.
That's good enough?
Well, not for him, or was it?
The first thing that boozed brains out, plus the bitch, I think, made him do it.
Uh-huh.
And a nasty marriage, go out straight.
And then they had the Louis B. Anderson, who was, oh my god.
I don't rather have Louis Armstrong, and he's been dead for a few years.
Louis B. Anderson was supposed to be very funny, and the only thing he was was fat and very annoying.
Then they had another guy on there who I have no idea what his name was, and now they got another one.
I think they got the fifth or sixth incarnation of family feud on the year.
I mean, to show the, you know, the concept is good, except for that all-life fakery when the family is sitting around in a huddle like grabbing each other's ass off on the side, you know?
They're plotting, they're plotting.
They plot this.
Schmuck.
A bunch of crap.
John Kerry cancels all events, but called into the Imer Sanemies and we see this morning, because nobody was listening or watching.
Oh, man.
Can you imagine that?
No, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Sure, but I would miss that.
The two more mumbling of the year.
I know, I remember that.
Threats of bloody retribution and accusations of American involvement erupted across Pakistan's tribal areas yesterday.
After that missile strike, they killed 80 people in a rate radical Madrasa.
An estimated 20,000 tribes were encrowded into cars, six miles from the school that was shredded by our strikes on Monday.
The cries of down with America rang up as radical clerics addressed the turban protesters, the Schmuckthans, many of whom brandished callushtikovs or rocket launchers.
Our G-Hod will continue, God willing, funded.
Molana Fakir Muhammad is another faker.
A firebrand preacher would links to Al-Qaeda and our people will go to Afghanistan to ask the American British forces he'd be saying.
In the Aat or Rezman, I wonder if he's related to Ray Remind.
Planned to have a squad of suicide bombers waiting to kill Pakistani soldiers, imitating Iraqi attacks on Americans.
When he asked the crowd if they'd support the measure, the tribes would reply with a unison.
The protestors claimed that Monday's strike in Chingayah village had killed innocent religious students, not international terrorists, but the Pakistan government insisted the school was a front for an al-Qaeda meeting facility.
One official speaking on the condition of anonymity said the Madrasa had frequently been vised by Osama Yomama's deputy, I'm in the Pymon Al-Zawari, and by Abu Abo-O-Baita Al-Masseri.
An Egyptian militant who was suspected of masterminded last summer's alleged plot to bomb transatlantic airliners.
But he said neither one of them was at the Madrasa at the time one is attacked.
Oops! The Kararadi was the largest and several across northwest frontier, Symed and Punjab provinces where American flags and refugees and George Bush were burned.
Addikosan, you know, just making friends all around, of course the Pakistanis those are really our good friends, aren't they? The Pakistanis?
Oh yeah. 1026 votes on the poll and we're dead 24.2% hate the poll. Men.
Speaking of polls, everybody's got their eye on them. We've got six days left. Democrats are ahead in the races for 12-15 key Republican-held states in the US House a week before the November 7 elections placing them within striking range of when in control of the House quarterly latest Reuters' Zagreb poll released today.
In fact, I don't know whether this story went through or not, but I'm not going to try to send any more stories to.
I mean, I could do it just the old fashioned way, you know. No, you probably shouldn't. I think I might. I think I'm going to try during the break.
Five Democrats had comfortable double digit leads in the battle for the Congress with just one Republican, Michelle Bachman, a Minnesota holding a double digit advantage.
Seven of nine Republican incumbents trailed Democratic Changes in the polls and Republicans were behind in five of six open Republican-held districts.
Democrats have to pick up 15 seats to reclaim control of the House and the polls found Republicans struggling to avoid being swept from power for the first time since 90-fold.
Since the last round of the Reuters' Zagreb polls in early October, when Democrats led in 11-15 races, Democrats improved their standing in nine districts and Republicans gained ground in six.
Three districts switched leaders with two Democrats, Ken Lukas and Katakian Bruce Braille and Iowa, and when Republican represented Fema Drake of Virginia moving in lead after training in October.
Democrats are getting very close to that magic number of 15 polls to John Zagreb said Republicans are really on the ropes.
The polls were taken between October 24th and 9th and 15 to the most competitive House districts across the country.
The surveys have at least 500 likely voters had a margin of error plus or muscle-minus-4 and half points.
I keep showing John Kerry again over and over.
There was a message at the dinner table.
Oh, God. Somebody oughta sent him a message.
Put him in a broom closet locked at or okay until at least next Wednesday. In fact, if you want to leave him a little bit longer than that,
you can use the name of the best talent to defeat this real Roger Crissus.
For 20560, who am I?
This is Dick Kenney. I like to relax by having Mary Magdalen beside my balls while listening to the real Roger's 12th of one hour.
And hey.
People I don't know why you're upset.
Bring my private jet to the third world. Just like when you're meaner, I adopt it a baby.
This is just one of Roger's.
But you think it's for publicity. I can't breathe out the kiss.
Keep the cameras rolling. Please. People don't preach. I'm his new mommy. People don't preach.
Cause I've got money. So I've done all the lies. I'm taking this baby.
Who am I new as a kid baby? People don't preach. I'm a good mommy. People don't preach.
I've got the best money. I'm gonna give a cost baby.
People don't preach. I'm gonna give a cost baby. People don't preach.
You'll fare 122560 W2A and Bag news for you, Josh. In fact, can we check your email or you'll notice you got a bunch more stories on there?
Shock. I fixed that thing again during this last break. I fixed it.
I went back in there and I re-each-ed changed. In fact, you gave me great instructions there on that one sheet.
As long as I don't lose that one sheet of paper. I'm in the ballpark.
So don't be changing the password again, Eric. I mean, you did a wonderful job there. But cut the crap. Leave it alone.
Go eat some sandwiches. Mark Foley was the debt to playing the world of a Republican Congressman trying to save ad risk kids.
He did a preliminary 12 years as chairman of the House Caucus on missing and exploited children.
He also did a high camp low budget action club called Strike Force that went straight to DVD.
In the film, which also features a cameo by Bert Reynolds, Foley plays the congressman identified in the credits only as Republican Fairchild,
who has a band of violent jet-setting vigilantes to rescue his kidnap daughter.
Shot and pumped each county floor to which Foley represented the firm was originally released in 2001 as the Librarians,
named for the vigilante group that collects overdue people. Isn't that cute?
That's funny. Lionsgate bought the rights and re-released in 2003 as Strike Force,
or maybe it was Jeff Striker Force, maybe that's what Mark Foley was in that.
Whatever it's called, the movie opens with an awkwardly choreographed gunfight.
At least it doesn't have those bad guys to come to Bullet Wounds before the leader of the group played by William Forsyte,
rescues Fairchild Spawn, setting up a father-daughter reunion and a wooded road.
Forty emerges from the back of the black stretch limo, a gold pin resembling those worn by Merzer Congress glinting on his lapel,
and kneels as the girl rushes into his arms, setting up this exchange of inspired dialogue.
Foley eyes climpsed.
Oh, I missed you too, baby.
Grool, there were a lot of bad men. Foley, I know, baby, but it's all over now, deep sigh.
God, I love you. I love you too, daddy, she says. Isn't that sweet?
Grool, Root Root.
Greg Hoffner, a Pompage Grins resident, served as an associate producer on the film says,
Strike Force needs to be viewed in context. It's not going to win any Academy Awards,
but it's a good little rainy Sunday afternoon movie, tells Radar.
For a $4 million movie, it looked like it was a 10 million or $12 million movie.
Or maybe like...
About 30, man.
...a 30 cent.
Since its release, Greg Ford has aired on Showtime is available for $12.99 on Amazon,
a price-one review was asserted with too high unless you really like poor storylines and bad acting to boot.
Hoffner says he's known Foley since before he was elected to Congress in 1994,
and thought he'd be a natural fit for the Republican Fairchild role,
or at least the part where he was on his knees, but not necessarily with little girl.
He'd been our Congressman for a long time, and he was crazy about the movies in the entertainment business,
as Hoffner.
Indeed, Foley was regarded as one of Hollywood's go-to Republicans,
and seemed to revel in the intention of his status supporting him from actors like
Julia Roberts, Celine Dion, and Tom Sawick.
Aha!
Tom Sawick and Bert Reynolds, he starts seeing this picture.
Mm-hmm.
At the 2000 Republican National Convention in Philadelphia, he was faded at a nightclub party hosted by then MPAA,
President Jack Valetti, Visny, Viacom and Time Warner.
Not that Foley was ever bashful about his close relationship with Hollywood,
in fact, he told the Washington Times in 1999, acting as in my blood.
Foley's appearance in strike for certainly wasn't motivated by greed,
according to a mandatory disclosure statement filed in 2001,
he donated his $400-feet of charity, and that's wheat?
Yeah.
If somewhat ironic Hopper concedes that Foley's most significant forewaring to acting,
landed him in a flick about a quest to save an endangered child.
Of course, it was supposed to be his own daughter, he notes.
It wasn't like it was a congressional page who was kidnapped or anything like that.
Whatever that means.
It means whatever you wanted to, how do you like that?
Oh, back up to 24.6%.
See, they do not just do, because they think it's going to piss me off.
Ask me if I really care about it.
I care about it as much as the result on this poll is I care about any of them, you know?
Just get a lot of votes, it's all we care about.
That's all Eric cares about.
Get a lot of votes, each vote he makes another ten bucks.
Doesn't he wish?
Wouldn't that be great?
We can split it like four ways.
In fact, George promised me that he'd cover whatever I lose this afternoon in the woodbine, he said he'll cover it.
He said before the show, John, and he said he'd max you mountain give it to you too.
I'll write you a check.
Yeah, I'm sure you will.
I'll frame it.
567 votes out of that poll we got, let's see.
We're not doing this as fast as we did in the one yesterday.
What that was yesterday is about.
Remember what yesterday's poll was? I haven't got a clue.
Oh, well, the addiction?
Oh, yeah, what we addicted to.
I guess voting on our poll must have been the answer, because we sure had a lot of votes on the poll.
But today, uh, way down.
And you want to know why it's your fault?
I know.
Or your everything else.
Well, no, because I'm too preoccupied with poshking while I was staying computer today, and not paying enough attention to business.
Too much monkey business and enough real business.
Although, let's see, we got this and we got that.
I don't know, I like that we're going to have to stack page on it.
What?
I'm looking.
I'm taking a puke at it, okay?
That's enough.
I'm not looking at no mold.
I'm going to go watch, uh, all fall down again with Brandon the Wilder.
Sports agent invited in smuggling scheme for Cuban baseball players.
You see this story?
I bet you were all over this like stink on Greg.
No, what?
A California baseball agent and four assistants were indicted yesterday accused of financing and organizing a smuggling scheme to get Cuban baseball players out of the communist island.
How do you like that?
Thank you, but.
Agent Gustavo Gustem Ingez of Total Sports International is accused of having four men to help him get 19 Cubans out of the island August 22nd, 2004, including several ball players.
Some of them now playing for minor league teams in the USA and three children identified in the indictment only by their initials.
Though this case involves a Beverly Hills sports agent talented baseball players.
It's remarkably similar to the human smuggling operations and immigration and customs enforcement encounters every day.
I see I see assistant secretary Julie Myers said in the statement.
The ring leaders put the lives of illegal immigrants and at risk and soft to profit from their labor.
It's unfortunate that those who claim to support major league baseball paint America's past time with these illegal human smuggling operations.
What are we going to do about the illegal?
Get little dogs on the case.
A rally.
The main guest Beverly Hills company represents some 50 baseball players including pitcher Jason Simon Tatchy, former Marlon Greg Corburn and Cuban defectors Eddie Auropesa and Andy Morales.
Remember Greg Corburn?
I remember him.
Yes.
You don't say to enthusiastically.
Wasn't he first base?
Mm-hmm.
I like that.
By I sure know my Marlon's not.
I didn't the beginning.
I used to go to a lot of games and then it got to be really ponderous.
The embankment accuses Morales of depositing 50 grand into a commercial capital bank account to finance the operation.
The embankment accuses the Minges of renting an apartment in Woodland Hills, California, late July of 2004.
Four days later, Jeffrey Rodriguez boarded 22 Cubans on a 28-foot boat in Cuba.
The moment turned back by customs and border protection.
A month later, Hernandez went back to Cuba to pick up another 19 Cuban nationals.
Many of them from the first aborted trip.
A few days later, the Minges transferred 25 grand to commercial capital bank.
According to the indictment co-defendants Jeffrey Rodriguez and Roberto Yosabni Hernandez operated go fast, both used in the two smuggling ventures.
Roberto Yosvani Hernandez.
Aid Ramn Batista and Guillermo Valds allegedly transported the players from Florida to California, a rented van.
Batista provided meals and clothing, used money to Minges provided the diamonds.
I'm going to get a bunch of red grapes with seeds.
Okay.
And I'm going to take them, I'm going to sneak them in my coat in the casino, and I'm going to throw the seeds from the grapes into the machine.
Talk about sour grapes.
Wouldn't that be fun?
Oh, yeah.
The indictment charges off five defendants with a conspiracy to bring aliens illegally into the US, transporting the aliens and violations of law and, concealing and harboring the aliens from detection.
The Minges Rodriguez and Hernandez.
The Minges Rodriguez and Hernandez are separately charged with aliens smuggling, and Rodriguez is charged with assaulting the US Customs and Border Protection Marine and the Indrician agents.
Violent bastard.
The Minges Batista and Valds accused of transporting and harboring from detection illegally.
They want out of Cuba, here we got a little mole, and they want out of Honduras, we got a little mole in El Salvador.
They want out of Nino, Agua, Panama, all the way in America, right? They want out of Mexico.
That's only the first bad mistake.
When the first Mexican illegal crossed the border, that's the beginning of that.
You know what I'm saying? There was money to be made with Emilie Gilles.
That's what they said in that movie.
You always name it the movie?
In Tijuana?
Losing it?
Oh, yeah.
With your buddy cruising it.
How much of a time now?
I wonder who Tom Cruise was chasing around in that movie.
Shelley Long.
Couldn't have been John Stockwell, couldn't it?
Tom Cruise was chasing Shelley Long for you.
Even watching too many movies, man.
You've been by my and in too much pressure in the movie, you know.
Right.
Back up to 24.8% I hate this poll on that thing worst thing about men.
They don't want no more polls like that.
Just keep that in mind.
Okay, next time on vacation or if I croak like today at the casino.
Just remember next time you put up a poll.
Don't put one up there that'll piss off the men.
Right.
In fact, if you want to get a lot of votes, if you want to really suck up,
what's the worst thing about your bitch, you know?
Right?
Sure.
Works for me.
Which one of these words best describes the woman you hate most?
Slut?
You know, there are a lot of women who can't say on the air.
The biggest name.
Mother of the best talent.
That means this is Neil Rogers, 4th radio 560.
You hate this point of history.
Oh man.
From 18 to 560 WDQ, I'm happy Wednesday.
November 1st, El Una de la Nova Inverte, man.
Isn't it?
Yep.
No.
Are you eating now or what?
Uh, a tarot, yeah.
I knew it.
See, how did I know there was food?
Because I got a food story coming up next.
Josh also eaten there.
He better not be eaten because he don't have time.
I sent him a whole bunch more stories.
Now, I hate, I'd like 10 this morning.
Not that many more just for your four, okay?
In fact, anything I can find on there, any interest that maybe even one person might read,
I want to make sure we get it.
We don't want to get scooped by anybody, do we?
How many scoops?
Mmm.
Four sounds good.
Four scoops of Rocky Road with hot fudge and white snowows and cherries on top.
Anyway, this Roger's Cadenhead, I don't think I've ever found anything interesting
that he wrote on his website Workbench, but once in a while I check it out,
because there's a link to it from a like Dredge Reetort or something.
Arby's double dip in tenders go to the way of the buffalo he writes.
Now, I haven't been to Arby's in a long time.
Josh is a big Arby's guy.
Do you know about the double dip in tenders?
Uh, no.
Well, now you're going to find out.
He says the coating is nothing special, but this buffalo dipping sauce brings the heat.
He has the beauty of Arby's double dip in innovation is that when I wanted to cool it down,
I could first do a buffalo dunk, then do a second dip into the ranch dressing tub.
It was like spraying a flame with fire extinguisher foam,
and I could control the thermostat as I pleased,
right food could accruced however in the Palm Beach Post.
On Sunday night I was watching the Dallas Cowboys throttle a caravan of Panthers
when an irresistible craving for buffalo double dip in tenders writes Roger's Cadenhead,
a new offering from Arby's that's about the worst most delicious form of arterial glue imaginable.
Processed chicken strips fried in fast acting concrete better
that you can dip in two sauces, molasses stick ranch dressing,
and to vast-grispect buffalo sauce, a delightful combination of hot stays hot and cool stays cool.
Because I have four impulse control and a t-bow, I paused the game and made a late night run to Arby's.
The buffalo double dip in tenders were gone, and the employee was strangely combative
when I lamented the disappearance from the menu.
Three inquiries about the fate we were interrupted quickly with, we don't sell them anymore.
I never got a chance to dig for any remaining terms of buffalo sauce they had on hand.
The next morning after a good night's sleep,
understood by the digestion of spicy chicken tenders,
I thought about the conversation and began to suspect that there's more to this story.
I stopped at another Arby's in Jacksonville and got the same response.
Before I said more than buffalo double, the clerk said no longer on the menu.
They've also disappeared completely from the Arby's website.
Arby's marketed buffalo double dip in tenders, heavily as recently as October 4,
as you can see from a commercial, he's got a link to our tab by video search engines and TVIs.com.
A clueless husband disregard his pregnant wife's labor
because he's distracted by his desire for buffalo double dip in tenders.
I can empathize, he says.
Liberal blogger Joshua Marshall Lexus sent his readers out to engage in pack journalism,
each one hounding an individual member, Congress of the tough question that pins them down on a subject
such as social security privatization.
I'd like to do the same on workbench, but not for something as pivotal as government accountability.
He says, please go to your nearest Arby's and ask them about buffalo double dip in tenders.
If the employee permits a follow-up question,
try to find out what they've abruptly dropped the heavily marketed and that I mentioned delicious menu item
just weeks into its introduction.
Maybe I'm being excessively conspiratorial here, but the American fast-food industry
does not introduce products with multiminating dollar ant campaigns and drop them weeks later.
McDonald's took years to abandoning McDLT after dis now exanders saying his praises.
Something smells here, he writes, and it isn't the delectable aroma of spicy buffalo sauce.
Maybe it's just the aroma of buffalo.
Ooh, man.
God.
Maybe it's the aroma of amherst or the pew.
Maybe that's why they say, ooh, the pew.
Or a handbag near a combo of buffalo raceway.
Well, he never been to buffalo, huh?
No, I'd be mighty proud of that if I were you.
It's not even on the list.
I had that on my tombstone.
He never went to buffalo and people will say, alright, God would good taste, you know.
I mean, with excellent taste, then they'll find out that he worked at QAAM
and they'll say, well, maybe not.
Nobody's perfect.
I got an article here which under, it's a news story.
Otherwise, I couldn't read the headline of the story by Bob Geiger in a smurfing chimp.
He says, our president is allowing scumbag.
Now it's a news story so I can read that.
Okay?
How's that for stating the obvious that headline he asked?
It's difficult to pick any one day when George W. Bush is worse than another.
He's cleared the sorry's excuse for a president, our country's history,
and yet amazingly, he still finds ways to be even worse almost every day.
He had another low on Monday when while speaking at a Republican rally in Texas,
he spent the majority of the speech saying that the people voted the Democrats
to the terrorists to win.
Some say immediate redeployment.
Some say they wouldn't spend another dime on our troops in Iraq said Bush.
Some say that the idea that we're going to win this war is an idea that unfortunately is just plain wrong.
Well, however they put it, their approach comes out of this.
The terrorists to win and America loses.
Aside from the fact that no Democrat in Congress has ever proposed not spending enough
to dime on our troops in Iraq, this slime is coming from the same man who has often said how important it is
that I'll all pull together in the time of war.
The office of Senate Minority Leader Harry Wieden of Attta issued a quick response saying,
contrary to the president's intentions, Americans are just saying no to his administrations,
no plan, no end of approach to Iraq.
Then we have Senator John Kerry discovering the painful lesson,
many politicians should learn about trying to tell jokes they shouldn't.
At a Democratic rally in California, primarily attended by college students,
Kerry had a joke written into the speech in which he makes fun of Bush's weak intellect
and tell students to stay in school in their history,
less days someday, get our country in world in a stupid war with no meaning.
The line was meant to be delivered like this.
I can't overstress the importance of a great education.
You know where you end up if you don't study, if you aren't smart, here in Lexus Relaisy?
You end up getting us stuck in a war in Iraq.
Kerry blew the line, DEVVA is slightly from a prepared test that came out like this.
You know, education if you make the most of it, if you study hard and do your homework
and you make an effort to be smart, well, you know you can do well,
if you don't, you get stuck in a rack.
No matter what Kerry truly intended to say, and it's his intent that Republicans immediately began attacking,
the GOP from Bush right down the local Republican dogcatcher went on the offensive,
saying that Kerry had insulted the troops in Iraq and implied that if you're dumb,
you went up in the military.
Of course, that's not what Kerry meant, it was an hour of bungering the joke that Republicans all knew that.
But that didn't stop them armed with the facts of what Kerry really meant to say about our idiotic commander in chief
from going out all day and misleading people about what Kerry believes.
There was a Republican party chief liar George W. Bush knowing full well what Kerry really meant,
telling people the opposite in the speech.
The members of the U.S. military are plenty smart and there are plenty brave in the Senator from Massachusetts.
I was the line of apology he said to resounding booze from a sheep-like audience.
Kerry who received a similar bashing from White House press secretary Tony Snow and Republican Senator John McCain fired back
in a way many of us were dying to see when he was attacked by the swift-boat liars in 2004.
He said if anyone thinks the veteran would criticize them more than a 440,000 hero serving in Iraq
and not the president who got to stuck there, they're crazy.
This is the classic GOP playbook.
I'm sick and tired of these despicable Republican attacks that always seem to come from those who never can be found to serve in war
but love to attack those who did.
I'm not going to be lectured by a stuffed suit White House mouthpiece standing behind a podium
or a Dowdy Rush Limbaugh who no doubt today will take a break from belittling Michael Z. Fox's Parkinson's disease
to start lying about me just as they've lied about Iraq.
It disgusts me that these Republican hacks will never be one of our country lined up so blatantly and carelessly about those who have.
Kerry also correctly said that his Bush and his entire administration ought to apologize to military families for everything they've done to them.
The people who are truth and apology are George W. Bush and Dick Cheney who Ms. Light-O-Mark into a war
and are given a say Katrina foreign policy that is betrayed our ideals, killed and named our soldiers and widened the terrorist trend instead of defeating it.
So Kerry, these Republicans are afraid to debate veterans who live and breathe the concerns of our troops and not the empty slogans of administration that send our brave troops to war without body armor.
And Kerry is so right. It is indeed our crooked president who should apologize to all Americans for lying our country into a war and he should really apologize to the families over 20-100 troops who have died for nothing and tens of thousands have been wounded in the GOP's war of choice.
He might also want to cross in some remorse of the veterans who have seen their benefits cut under this administration and the children whose future has been mortgaged for a war that didn't need to happen.
And what's so galling about this whole thing is that George W. Bush demands that John Kerry a highly decorated Vietnam veteran who shoes Bush's not fits a shine, apologize to military people for a blown joke.
Kerry said it well and thrown together press conference in Seattle after the gas in California. I apologize to no one for my criticism of the president as broken policy saying that the comment was a botched joke about the president and the president's people not about the troops and they know exactly that's what I was talking about.
Since the president as people claimed to love playing spoken folks so much I'll be remarkably playing spoken.
George W. Bush is a lying Craven scumbag and an embarrassment to our country in the presidency. If we didn't know that already he's proven it beyond dispute in the last two days.
He said yeah. Well it's a new story you know I understood. Oh sorry Joyce.
This is a big yeah 118 votes on the pool and I know that we have a live in this break.
Do it. You sure? I just want to check with George before I do it again. He says oh you're a godoring old fool man it's another senior moment.
He's going to be his net a lot in days to come along with senior wensers old man's have another senior moment with senior wensers. It's all right.
27 past noon there's the anxious obnoxious Joe Scarborough there on MSNBC. Oh my god.
Let me tell you again it's Dalmatris's 30th birthday in a celebrate Dalmatris and Simmons are offering you the lowest price of the year on the best selling Simmons V der S pillow top.
You can choose from a South Florida's biggest selection of Simmons V der S with same day delivery.
This is the only way if the old Macrias has had it you got to get yourself a new one the only way that anybody with a brain gets a new mattress.
They sit there on their ass and they make one easy call. This call Dalmatris one 800 mattress for factory direct prices and a world when he's service with no nonsense no BS no off name brands and nobody ever heard of.
They offer you a 12 month financing deal and the best delivery deal in the world. You pick the date and time for delivery any day seven days a week from 80 to 10 p.m.
Even the same day you call and Dalmatris shows up on time virtually every single time like 10 to noon noon to 2 1 to 3 2 45 to 4 45 etc.
That's why I've used them for years and why Dalmatris is ranked number one in the world and customer satisfaction just about everybody at QME
is in you ought to be doing the same on the web just look up macris calm or column toll free one 800 mattress one 800 MAT T R E S.
We've off the last as because it stands for sensational savings and slimy sales holes.
The biggest name of the best talent to the best is Neil Rogers for 20 or five years.
Neil.
Gah.
The problem is all inside your head she said to me.
The answer is easy if you take it blackically.
I'd like to help you in your struggle to be free.
There must be 50 ways to leave your lover.
You just slip out the back jacked.
Make him plan this and you don't need to be for it.
Roy just listen to me.
Ha punn of us just you don't need to discuss much.
Just drop off the key.
We'll get yourself free.
Okay one moment massive paper jam what what's going on here today you know.
What about this man one moment please.
Okay fixed it.
That'll put me on the engineering payroll too you know it.
Oh yeah.
God how do I do it just amazes me.
But like you always say you know when you don't have all these other people coming in touch.
You know what you always say I always say that.
R's are resigns.
That's what I was trying to print out.
I didn't send it to a Josh yet although I'm I'm just so excited about that new outlook
expression of that new email.
We'll get it all.
It's a good thing for Josh that I'm off to it.
It's Wood by Wednesday.
Wait till tomorrow.
God we dangerous.
There's something about when you know when something hasn't been working and then you finally straight it out and it tends to be working like your balls.
Like your ball then you just want to sit there on the throne all day long.
Man just shoot the old cube.
State representative Ralph R is an underfare for excellent of lace phone calls to a Miami Beach lawnmaker.
Resign his office this morning on the steps of highly a city hall and city would not see reelection next Tuesday.
The resignation came as prosecuted by the file criminal charges of witness interference against Arza surrounded by family and friends.
Arza asked for forgiveness saying he hoped his replacement in the state house would focus on education and saying he was resigning because he didn't want to be a distraction for what will be the House of Representatives next two years.
Republican Party of Florida will choose Arza standing in next Tuesday's election.
Arza resigned shortly after he was expected to visit the date state attorney's office to offer his resignation.
Workedly that word had leaked out that prosecutors were expected to charge him and his first customer felony counts today of tampering and retaliating against the witness for those phone calls to state representative Gus Barerro.
Arza had also been scheduled to speak into how I see a noon to the House select committee to investigate his conduct but nevertheless.
He's out. Got it.
Got it.
There's John Kerry again.
Hey let me bring in Mike Farnacle.
Yeah you go ahead and bring him in Joe Scarborough. Why do you make me watch MSNBC? It's because you got that obsession with I'm a.
Oh yeah.
It's because I know I don't want to look.
There's all these people we don't want to watch. We certainly don't want to watch your what's your name is.
Mrs. Limbo. I don't see her on there anymore.
I don't need it.
I can't even think of what the hell her name is anymore.
Darren Kagan.
Darren Kagan.
I'll decide out of mind.
I don't see her no more.
And at one that I hate like poisonous on there. Oh man I can never think of her name.
That's Rita.
No. No.
Rita.
In fact let me turn back to MSNBC. Don't miss that at one. I think he's on a one every day.
Okay. 1137 votes on a pool. I think we'll get to 13 today. Okay. Lucky number for going to would buy a number of 13.
Lucky Wednesday, right?
On main attorney who really.
Now what were you eating there while all that was going on?
Oh char-hut.
Yeah. What'd you have?
Char trees.
Char-hut.
I like to saucy our cheese and onion from char-hut.
Oh.
Oh.
A main attorney who released information in 2000 about President George W. Bush's drunk and driving conviction
was arrested yesterday after he dressed up as an al-Qaeda leader or some have been locked in and waved their fake gun at traffic.
Hey what's Halloween was in it?
Police in South Portland, Maine arrested Thomas Connelly for a night of Scarborough, Maine
and charged him with criminal threatening. He was released on bail.
Lieutenant Todd Bernard sent the police department received calls about a man wearing Middle Eastern garb and he'd been lawd masked
and carrying fake dynamite standing along in their state highway when police arrived they saw Connelly holding a gun.
Where'd you get fake dynamite?
Oh you make it out of hot dogs.
Hey my genius, you know where's your good it?
Dino Mai.
They ordered him to drop the weapon several times and eventually comply.
It turned out the gun was fake Bernard said.
In a phone interview Connelly said he'd been trying to protest a plan change in local tax rules.
I didn't expect to be arrested. He said obviously I touched a post 9-11 nerve.
No.
Days before the 2000 presidential election Connelly released information about Bush's 1976 drug and driving conviction.
The Bush campaign said Democratic dirty tricks were behind the disclosure that an age 30.
But third man.
This has been arrested for drug and driving in Kinnebunk Ford, Maine.
Clearly guilty paid a fine and had his license suspended for.
But third man.
In the days Connelly had Democrat ran for governor, Maine 1998.
South Portland, Maine is about 100 miles northeast of Boston.
Have you ever been to Maine? I never have.
No.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
It's a country.
It's a country.
Oh, it's God's country.
Yeah.
Wow.
Like, well, you're not welcome yet.
Where the tumbleweed.
Heathens aren't welcoming.
I'm not a cactus in the Mexican Arizona.
Rocky mountains are different.
No tumbleweeds in that dry scrubbing boss.
Waterfalls, lakes.
Gray.
This is beautiful.
That's why there's nobody who lives there.
Visiti bears.
Moose, that's right.
Nobody lives there.
Listen.
If people lived there,
it wouldn't be nice.
It's called the wilderness and it's beautiful.
Molly Ibbens writes, victory looks likely prepared for not gloating.
She says representative Duncan Hunter, Republican of California, announced his candidacy for
the president of the U.S.
Until now, he's barely been noticed as a guy who took money from Brent Wilkes and Mitchell
Wade, who was bribed to do cutting him into his resignation from Congress and a plea of
guilty to bribery charges.
Hunter is widely expected to be the next congressman indicted in the scandal.
Oh, we didn't know that one.
We had that story yesterday.
Did we?
As for the chair of the House Armed Services Committee's presidential candidacy, we've
been thinking of scarcely little else around here.
It's about time we had some good news.
There's so much evidence stacking up in the cantees people do anything right file.
Its suspect their secret strategy is to reward in competence.
It's like the hiring of brownie brown and FEMA or John Bolton if you win.
It's just hard to imagine why.
So now the latest report from the special inspector general for a rack reconstruction says
we have lost track of hundreds of thousands of guns we ship to a rack, many of which are
now likely being used to kill our soldiers.
For this administration, who's in charge of getting the plastic forcefully patented
the cell that the company picnic has deadly consequences.
A depressing story like this and the week has really even begun.
I hate to imagine what will be on our plates by Friday's, Mrs. Molly.
So with the Bushies continuing their tailspin, it might be time to review the rules in case
we win in the upcoming midterm elections.
I realize for many Democrats it's been so long since we won.
We've completely forgotten the etiquette and I realize I'm taking a chance here.
There's nothing more dangerous than overconfidence, but you have to practice for victory as well
as for defeat.
First, no gloating.
Actually, there is gloating allowed, but only the exclusive presence of other Democrats
gloating in the face of Republicans is rude and unsportsman-like and just gives them one
more thing to complain about.
Also, remember there's a possibility that maybe some Republicans on the civil service
staff, I've seen this when the R's win and it's really not good matters to watch them
waiting around with their eyes burning with tears.
Second, I'm sure we'll all be full of grand theories if Republicans lose and we win.
Democrats will be ready to be helpful, offer advice and sort of try to perfeive the R's
up.
I don't recommend this.
It somehow never feels to me when R's are dumb and truckloads of advice on the D's that
they are actually sincere about it.
Third, celebratory jigswields and renditions of Danny Boy are limited best to Irish bars.
Fourth, try to be framed from insulting Republicans on mass.
A good start would be, you know, it was mostly the ones under indictment that hurt you.
Good ol' Molly.
Good ol' Molly always says the way it would work.
One hundred forty nine votes on the pool.
Back up to twenty six point four percent just to aggravate me.
I could care less.
We can get eighty percent.
They don't like the pool.
They don't ever take a pool like in men again, okay?
So, keep it in.
I'm so glad to see you.
And it's cool, I'm taking a very first place.
You're a broad person.
Fourth, radio five sixty shoe A.M.
I'm taking a starting part.
Tell me is the all new family feud hosted by Master Thessian John O'Hirley.
The one in Kings one and only one of the contentious competition brought to the
rebel jury and for a quality colloquially known as the hero.
You know him as Seinfeld, honey J. Peerman.
Now, he's bringing his super-silius answers to America's favorite game show.
My valued competitors, one hundred individuals have been meticulously queried.
And the six most prevalent responses on the board.
Buzzers are ready.
Name something you would put in your pickup.
I understand.
Uh, uh, uh, uh, dirt.
Show me tarot, fernah.
Remember one answer, a technical rejoinder.
Well done, not well done indeed.
Then refused to average families and one pretentious host.
In his ins of TV lab, I'm John O'Hirley and I cordially request the honor of your presence
for the spirit.
It's a reprieve, Danny Brooker, he's family feud.
Fanny, well, and Godspeed.
Virtue of bad hosts, one after the other.
They have one two good hosts.
I mean, uh, Ray Collins.
Pretty good.
But then after that, just, just get rid of the show already.
Okay, if he can't get the right host to be on the show, forget about it, right?
Right.
Stayed attorney to probe coders, leds voting violation.
Somebody just facts this in from the Palm Beach Post.
It's a damn good thing you're out my machine all straight.
Now, there isn't it.
Yes.
I had a paper jam there.
I put a link in a jagged piece of paper.
Then we got like, all, all balled up there in the middle of the worst.
Now to take the whole machine apart.
Being the expert that I am in that particular machine, man.
I've had several of those.
And they got real fast.
An alleged voting violation by GOP, punted and bet a best selling bitch and coder will be investigated by Palm Beach County State Attorney, very Christmas office.
Arthur Anderson, Palm Beach County's election supervisor, said today he would refer the accusation that coder voted knowingly in the wrong precinct.
February 7th in the town of Palm Beach, election of the state attorney within 48 hours.
Anderson said that coders since the allegations are just made efforts to distract and divert focus on the process regarding this complaint.
I did express my frustration of the state attorney in recent meetings and warned him I may need the services Anderson said.
Ironically, Anderson said that coders voting rights would not be rescided for next week's election.
Anderson's been investigating whether coder voted illegally in February in the municipal election in Palm Beach.
Registration shows an address that is not hers.
Coder may have cast her ballot in the wrong precinct because she registered at the address of her realtor instead of her homestead.
Coder owns her home on Cbre's Avenue near Worth Avenue.
She actually claimed an official election documents to be living at the Indian River Home Road of realtor Susanne Frisbee, which Frisbee denied.
I wonder if she likes to toss the Frisbee around, but she will.
In July, Coder's lawyer said she applied to strike receivables Avenue address from records.
The Florida statute showed very narrow reasons that would address the erase from records.
These include people in law enforcement, corrections, judiciary revenue collections, and code enforcement, though I also provide hard to get exemptions for the victims of domestic violence or aggravated stalking.
One thing we have to say to the Ann Coder, okay? Listen carefully, Ann.
You bet. You've brought few more.
What other than that?
Let me put the eight.
That's the number on that poll. We're going for 1300 a day. We can do it.
All of a sudden we're still over 26% on. I hate this poll because it's picking on men. Men are perfect.
Why don't we put that on there? Men are perfect. We should.
Yeah. I mean, we got nothing there. Great. We got 73 for that already. But nothing there. Their perfect would be good.
And internally, ABC radio networks memo obtained by media matters from America originally from a listener to the Peter B. Collins.
So indicates the nearly 100 ABC advertisers insist that their commercials be blacked out on air America radio affiliates.
How do you like that? Black list. According to the memo, the advertisers insist that none of their commercials air during air America programming among the advertisers listed our bank of America, ex-son mobile, federal express, general electric, McDonald's, Microsoft, the US Navy, and your favorite.
Walmart. Walmart. How do you like that? It's on our website. Take a look at it. In fact, when you see me or Rogers that come from here on in, you're going to see thousands of stories on there every day.
And don't get mad at me. It's all George there. It's all little George sitting right there showing me how to like mess up your life. That's what he was hoping for.
I don't know what to say. You like it. Because remember the days when I used to be on vacation in Georgia, it seemed like 100 stories in a day.
Right. Till we bitch them out about it. Till we out in them. I still do. Do you? Yeah. Does he? Yeah. Why? Because that's how many I find.
If I sent Josh all the stories that I thought might be of interest to somebody that I find every day, we have like three. He'd never have time to even do a dump.
Or he's got a laptop with a wireless connection. That's true. We can be doing them in there. Let's see if there's anything here on the Fudge report. Let's see if Miss Fudge came out of the closet. A week before the election. Now not yet. Come on out wherever you are, sweetheart.
You silly goose silly person. He's not just a gay. He's a silly goose. You know what I mean by that? Yeah. I don't even. Anyway, here's a website. Wings of Justice. Where the hell did I find this? Michael J Fox.
It was Ernest Hemingway who said the courage is grace under pressure and Keith Oberman paid homage to Michael J Fox for his comportment after he was savagely attacked by right wing radio hustler.
Oh, this is on BuzzFla. This week's reader who nominated Fox for the budget flashes, Wings of Justice award felt likewise for putting himself on the front line and advocating for stem cell research in the most public style and apparently most dangerous as well.
For responding to the horrific barbaric attacks on him by right limbaugh with dignity and grace for allowing the public to see the symptoms of Parkinson's disease and illness that attacks so many he as he supports and as others to support candidates who care about the quality of life for others not just themselves for being true to himself and true to his fellow human beings despite the right limbaugh of the world.
Let the limbaugh of the world enjoy their hedonistic sex trips to the Dominican Republic and their legal medications.
Nobility of the spirit is not measured by the death of one's the property. It's the right from the compassion ones in her soul in that spirit.
BuzzFla is proud to honor Michael J Fox with this week's Wings of Justice award where others only know how to dispense hate he offers hope.
How do you like that? That's kind of neat.
I want to be BuzzFla's readers which nobody cares who he is.
GOP staff assaults constituent for asking questions. How do you like that?
In a turn of events that shocking even by Republican standards a Virginia man has been assaulted by the campaign staff of GOP senatorial candidate George Felix don't call me mccocco with Alan for asking questions at a campaign appearance that they found unacceptable.
Mike Stark, a first year law student at the University of Virginia resident of Virginia and a former Marine was wrestled with the ground by mccocco with his staff when he tried to ask the Republican senator questions about his mysterious arrest record.
Video from a local TV station shows a peaceful start surrounded by at least four people wearing Alan stickers and despite showing no resistance or violence toward his attackers being pushed several times grabbed around the neck and a headlock and thrown around in a large plate glass window narrowly escaping serious harm.
This is how the mccocco with campaign is striking back. Now lovely with their fists and the good news is that Jim Webwoods are always a three or four point I think four points ahead.
I believe it's full this morning in Virginia. I had a senator mccocco with the U.S. intelligence community yesterday unveiled its own secretive version of wikipedia saying the popular online and secular pdf or Matt known for its open is key to the future of American espionage.
The office of U.S. intelligence is our Jean Agropante the butcher of Honduras announced in telepidia which allows intelligence analysts other officials to collaboratively add and edit content on the government's classified intel link web much like its more famous namesake in the world wide web.
A top secret in telepidia system currently available to the 16 agencies that make up the top U.S. intelligence community has grown to more than 28,000 pages and 36 hundred registered users since its introduction April 17.
Less restrictive versions exist for secret and sensitive but on classified material. The system is also available to the TSA national laboratories.
Intellipidia is currently being used to assemble major intelligence report known as the national intelligence estimate on Nigeria as well as the state performance annual country reports on terrorism.
Someday it may also be the path intelligence official state to produce the president's daily intelligence briefing intelligence briefing for this president is that kind of like a little waste of time but the system which makes data available to thousands of users who would not see it otherwise has also steered
problems about potential security life is falling in recent media leak of the national intelligence estimate and caused a political uproar by identifying Iraq as a contributor to the growth of global terrorism.
We're taking a risk and now it's Michael Worfheimer the intelligence community's chief technical officer. There's a risk it's going to show up in the media that it'll be leaked. There's always a risk when you take a leak.
Intelligence officials say the format is perfect for sharing information between agencies. A center piece of the reform learned displacement established in Agropante's office as national intelligence director after 9-11 attacks.
They also said it could lead to more accurate intelligence reports because the system allows a wider range of official scrutinized material and keeps a complete permanent record of individual contributions including the sending points of view.
That help might help avoid areas of the kind of led to the widely criticized 2002 national intelligence estimate that said Sodom Hussein possessed large stockpiles of weapons of mass destruction intelligence officials are so enthusiastic about until a period they plan to provide access to Britain Australia and Canada.
Today they don't trust our drugs baby but they trust the violence because Stephen Harper is a Bush junior Bush light. We got one vote for nothing that are perfect and that pathetic men are perfect.
Perfect. What's the worst thing about men? I hate this pool 3626.1% in alarming number because you're taking it personal. That's that's okay. If there's anything worse than having four skin it's having thin skin.
What if you have four skin? What if you have four thick skin? I hate this pool 306 obsession with sports 158. There's slabs 127. They lie like hell 104 in fidelity 103. There are too many of the 98 in considerate 92. Nothing they're great men are grade 75. I would agree certain ones are they rape 68. They can't commit 28. They're homophobic 11 and nothing they're perfect men are perfect.
They're just ask them Solomon Taguno.
I'm here to talk to people that's small and we still miss races to close the call.
I'll be depressed if I can't a nation because they're so cute for election day. Will the format told me so we really need your money?
Will that you see a lot of people can't be with you today? If you're not the catcher got the shot from my life. The center was called with a woman not his wife.
Now I know what can't be done on them. There ain't no cure for election day.
Okay, you have sports time is one o'clock it's our big one or two already a mad dog or two and then what is it we got? We got the humpers and oh that's right. I guess mad dog is going to be doing so well for the fire we don't know.
When you look at this schedule you can't make heads or tails of it that's because clearance is doing it. The humpers at Louisville for the breeders cup if there's a big horse race going on the humpers there you can be sure of that.
Five to seven it's a hankin Louisville and then we got all that hurricane crap and he can't tend to night.
No, that's not the hurricanes that are five and three that actually lost three games already. Are they playing again this weekend? Josh or number 23 ranked or Virginia Tech?
Oh Virginia Tech that made make five and four. It sounds like to me. Wow wouldn't that be bad five and four? How about you I've actually the charity orange bull down if that happens. Is this going to be a home game? Yes it is. No man like I said police are on the lookout for man dubbed the foot fetish fiend.
I wonder if he knows George George also has a foot fetish right. Why do you are obsessed with feet? I will say that you know what I'm saying about why you always have noticed things about people's feet. I don't look at feet. Okay I bet you would. Well they had really bizarre feet. Yeah. That's the point.
The Brigham reportedly entered a steward home and licked a woman's big left toe as she slept early Sunday and on her block of Dicks as she slept in the 900 block of Dicks. He laid in steward early Sunday.
Come on to a police report. He licked her big left toe. The start of woman woke her husband who changed the suspect described as a bald black man about six foot two from the house and down the street.
The suspect was wearing a black hooded sweatshirt white shorts and white shoes according to report investigators asked anyone with information about the incident contact.
He had a train of clothes to crime stopers. I don't want to give that away. He just left her toe. I'll throw it that. Maybe he knew Cecil. Maybe he knew Cecil Collins. Cecil the diesel. We got 1177 votes on the pool and we're going to get to 13. I'm not even close. Are we? Oh Sean. Huh? Because of that bad bowl idea. No well they don't like it. Sorry Sean.
They don't like your pool. They don't like the one where they have the chance to you know bitch about women but the one about men. They don't like that at all. They can't handle it. Pretty depressed. 1180. 1180 W H M in Rochester boy talk about a really boring station. Wow.
Marine Dowd's got a comedy haunted by the past. How much you want to hear what marine the queen asked to say. Don't you? Yes. I'm sure thank God. I don't want to get like long winded this hour. You know whatever that means. What does that mean?
Means what I really want to do is get over here and just flip out about 60 stories real quick. So Josh has some to do all day. Many Republicans have been
tutting about the author of the odd. The audacity of hope having the audacity to hope. I think people might want a little more experienced than I given the nature of time as we live in Dictiny told Sean Hannity.
Charles Crowdham wrote that this by Senator Barack Obama's terms. He couldn't win in 08. The reason is 911. The country will simply not elected novice and wartime.
But if there's one thing W's rain proves beyond a shadow of it out it is this experience like affectations can be dangerous. They will fill up history books with all the myopic misjudgments made by a war console with a couple of centuries experience.
Blunders that undermine America's security and integrity. Rector act loose Osama and made the world more dangerous not less. Those on the president's dream team of foreign policy advisers were haunted not strengthened by the years of past service and top jobs.
When they got the chance to run the country again under W all they wanted to do was finish on finished business. Misapplying old ideas to new crises like those who sabotaged new romances with baggage from old relationships.
On his initial tourist defense secretary for Gerald Ford. Rummy felt that Vietnam watergate and then Jimmy Carter brought him up his opportunity to rain in the military brass who always were impudent enough to have opinions about the military.
Determined to banish America's post Vietnam fears about using force he ended up creating another Vietnam that spurred more tears about using force.
As Bush's 41 defense secretary Mr. Cheney prepared the 92 defense planning guidance strap with his AIDS poll wolf afflits in Scooter Libby.
It called for a swaggering world domination in the wake of the Cold War. A certain that America should intervene to stop any countries allies or foes from challenging its supremacy.
A decade later with a more jazoon Bush's president and more jittery post-9 left America Cheney and company brought back the loony plan and renamed it to Bush doctrine.
Vice and Rummy corroded the constitution by using the terrorist attack as a pretext to correct the past. As Ford administration big shots they fell emasculated by the post watergate reforms.
Three decades later they saw a chance to shoot some steroids into executive branch powers.
Condi Rice had been a Russia expert in poppy Bush's White House so she and the older older Cold War is like Rummy and Cheney readily saw the Red Menace under Erie Rock.
Like the experts who failed back in the 60s to see that Red Chin and the Soviet Union were enemies of each other not friends they now easily assumed that Sodom and Osama were in bed together and because they were both bad guys going after one was going after the other.
George Tennitz experienced tracking bin Laden did him no good because he was so nervous about being the only Clinton holdover that he was overly sick of fantasy to W assuring a skeptical president that providing that Saddam that had had WMDs was a slam dunk.
WMD let the past the cloud his judgment as well he went along with Vice and Rummy on evading a right because he thought he could avenge and one up his father simultaneously.
When Sonny is Colin Paul called him and out to his candidacy in 99 I asked him if it was scary to run from president knowing so little about foreign affairs.
There will be moments when situations incidents will flare up he replied blissfully unaware of the configuration to come.
He said he could lean into his dad's advisors and trust his gut about which ones to trust and which ones to kiss off.
Yesterday Senator Obama asked about his short resume made the same claim that judgment is more important than experience but he acknowledged that President Bush is given learning on the job a bad name.
I mean Dick Tennian Don Rumsfeld have an awful lot of experience and yet I've engineered what I think is one of the biggest foreign policy failures in our recent history he told the Times and Corn Glute.
So I would say the two most important things are judgment and vision while judgment vision and passion for the American people and what their hopes and dreams are.
Those who declaim on the need for Senator Obama to have more experience must forget who's running the country.
It often seems that the most inexperienced person alive is George W. Bush even after six years in Orifice says Maureen McQueen.
That's your girlfriend Maureen Dowd. She's a sweetie. I wonder she likes your Apple Panned outie. What is Apple Panned outie?
I don't know. Remember shoe fly pie and Apple Panned outie? Is that just a stupid thing in the song or is actually such a thing?
I don't know. Are you feeling like a little doubting about it? Well why don't we Google it? Shoes fly pie and what is shoe fly pie?
Sorry. This is silly song. Wasn't it shoe fly pie and Apple Panned outie? Isn't it? That's a long. That's an old thing man. What's the name of that song?
How do I know? I think I'm really that old. I mean I'm ancient but that's an old old old Google it. Do it it.
Shoes fly pie. 1187 on a pull we are going to get even the 1300 today because they just I don't know why. I mean they're all out there. Make no mistake about it.
They just don't want to be involved in it. It's like a death wish. Well it's a real thing. Here's all these recipes for it. For shoe fly pie? Yeah. Why do you read me that? What is it?
Old fashioned shoe fly pie. Hang on I'm going to go for a picture ought to be done loading in an hour. Apple here's Apple Panned duty.
Oh look at the ingredients for that. Apple Panned outie peel core and slice eighth there's a recipe or the recipes for Apple Panned outie.
Huh. It must be a bunch of Southern craft recipe for an history of oh I got it shoe fly pie and Apple Panned outie. I got it. Wow.
Now this is something might be interesting. In fact I might even have to email this to Josh to get on our website but I doubt it. My page is still loading.
My page won't show up here. Oh here it is. Let me just print this baby out. This is exciting. What you talk about an educational show or what huh? I guarantee you I guarantee a civic in Rosenberg, Cranstein and talking about shoe fly pie and Apple Panned outie.
Oh it's a molasses pie. Oh I like that. Let's talk about Mary Jane's again. I'm going to order like bags and bags of that candy and then blame your ass.
Mmm. Yeah okay. I'm going to find that candy store I was in here in the world. I'll do it. Yeah. Lose all your money gambling instead. Oh yeah.
What I tell you just like my mother there he goes again. Here we go. This is from the web.
The song by Dynas Shore. Oh boy. The best selling records of 1946. See I was four years old but I know about that.
Lately a new generation has been introduced to the catchy tune to which it's used in popular Lexus TV commercial. See I knew that's why I was going through my head.
But unlike their older music lover counterparts most of the days kids have never had the pleasure eating these two old fashioned desserts that Dynas just couldn't get enough of.
She fly pies a traditional Pennsylvania duck dessert brown sugar molasses shortening mom was little baby like shortening shortening salt and spices were all non-perishable ingredient I think she used to see that too.
I'm sure she couldn't see right about paper sack. All non-perishable ingredients that could survive the long oceans crossing to America made by German immigrants.
How do you like that the pies unusual name is said to be due to the fact that pies were traditionally said to cool on windowsills and due to the sweet ingredients to cook what constantly have to chew the flies away.
From the Azucar how do you like that she fly pie I'll be dang and apple pan doudies one of a family of simple desserts known in different parts of the world as cobblers duffs duffs you fairy grunts slumps and pandaldies.
These desserts have subtle variations but the base of the mall is fruit make with a sweet biscuit or cake dough on top and it's got a picture right here. Is that what you're looking at? No.
There's a whole bunch of pictures on here one with whipped cream on it. He spells her name with an H on the end. Who? Dina short. No. With an H on the end like dina with an H on the end. Oh with the dina yeah nothing to be fine with them to get rid of dina yeah why you googling her.
See the USA in your Chevrolet. The exact origin of the name pandaldies I know but it's not to refer to the desserts plain or a doudy appearance. Yeah I told you.
Let's can be receiving apple pandaldies delicious especially top of the bit of ice cream or whipped cream or both.
Mm mm as Miss Foley would say. Both of these desserts are super easy to make it when rave reviews from donors try some tonight you didn't guess won't be able to get enough of the wonderful stuff and his recipes.
Two fly pie recipe and I bet you there's one for apple pandaldie to you can serve this dish right out of the pan or invert it into a serving plate like an upside down cake warmer at room temperature top with whipped cream or ice cream or like I said better idea both both of them and in like with a cherry on top.
Mm mm. Am I the only person that ever bought a bottle of maraschino cherries not not just once either and ate them out of the bottle and directly a sweet cherry juice.
I don't know if you're the only one. You ever do that? No. Never ate maraschino cherries out of the bottle? No. Why not? That would never have occurred to me. All of the out of the bottle out of the jar. You eat what? All of this? Yeah well it's something to anybody else. I mean what's the big deal with that? I guess nothing.
1190 votes on the poll we're not going to make 13 hundred day. It's a very sad day. I learned my lesson today, man. It's a bad poll picking on the guys. They don't like that.
They they won't even touch it and the poll either. They won't touch my poll today. Speaking of that the new ad said that they view a 330 today will parody and add accused of race baiting Tennessee Democrat Harold Ford by gay baiting R. N. C. Chairman Ken Milman and advanced copy that's been acquired by raw story.
The end produced by proud of who we are and blog active is the purity mocking the R. N. C. is now infamous call me at that spot with the R. N. C. eventually pulled out this month showed a scandal.
A clad white actress. Thanks you met Harold Ford at the playboy party and end her with asking the congressman to call her. Call me Harold. Many analysts believe it was produced to play on racist fears of interracial relationships like complex black guy.
This uses the this spot uses the same format to reference melmons widely rumored homosexuality Ken Milman.
I'm tired of people like Ken Milman using lies and personal attacks and never to manipulate elections to blog active mic Rogers in a statement to raw story.
If Ken Milman got the entire mainstream media to give precious airtime and call me just to his race baiting ad, I'm sure they'll have no problem reporting the response.
And he added there's a big difference between melmons at an hour response hours is honest.
The parody ad script young man says Ken Milman makes race baiting ads. He still wants my vote is that is not enough woman on the street Ken Milman did favors for me for convicted the lobbyist Jack Abramoff last so what.
Me I think the government's a little too honest young man wearing camouflage out of my risking my life in Iraq as long as the Bush twins get to party in New York.
Minister holding a Bible Ken Milman's right I should get my congregation to vote with him and just forget that his friends covered up the fully paid scandal.
Young man in a tank top Ken Milman and I went to inauguration event we had a great time and we saw president Bush young woman.
I don't mind having my pocket picked by the big drug companies they give money to Ken Milman man in sunglasses Ken Milman helped George Bush deal a 2004 election.
But what the heck does everybody do that title screen Ken Milman he's just not straight with Americans voice over blog active.com and proud of who we are hardly approve of this parody ad.
Young man in tank top again Ken call me.
I feel yeah outstanding of course I haven't seen it yet you see it no no and you won't the odds are we won't be seen that.
It's a little bit to get for the main for the MSM you know the people the light was like crazy 1193 man of votes are trickling in like one of the time okay there they're out to make a message to me they're sending a message to what was it sent a message to who Joey.
Oh.
Oh.
1195 votes on the pool and 25.8% say I hate this pool what's the worst thing above men.
I'm not that sure oh my god.
This is shoe fly pie it sounds like it might be it's all I got there.
Oh no don't worry right up to where she was going to start building out a half an ounce of sound.
The biggest name of the best talent in the world of the world.
Roger sports radio 560 shoe a.m.
The most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station.
I don't give a crap what's that very best to say.
I'll have you know I know what I'm talking about.
I'm reporting at the condo I can see elevated down and on my way to the car when I told him to ask it out I give a food condo.
The door is a back and towel.
The door is a back and towel.
The door is a back and towel.
The door is a back and towel.
The door is a back and towel.
The door is a back and towel.
I said the door is a back and towel.
Why do you want to go?
I got a whole new sport old food.
I know everything that's going on with tattoos.
Why I even know all the new Maja rules.
I'm into the giant daddy.
You better go and talk to daddy.
You better show when I take your place.
I know I ain't no way clearly he.
But when they drop my boys we're gay.
You little smoothies and a bird.
A bird.
A bird.
A bird.
A bird.
19 at 5.60 W.A.
I'm happy Wednesday to the first of November man.
It is really just shocking.
I don't know what's shocking about it but it's shocking to me.
I think that birthday Sunday that's what's going to be shocking.
Just a number on a piece of paper.
That's all it is.
Okay.
It doesn't mean a thing.
Keep saying that to yourself.
Lacking the money for stay by TV commercials.
Speaking of people who are dead in the water.
Catherine Harris will try to use the second final debate between her and US Senator Bill Nelson.
At 7 o'clock tonight the committee in Cheesha of Replace him.
No chance on it.
No.
Although she's been calling a Nelson to do nothing Liberals throughout her campaign.
Her first face to face shot at him last week.
Lack Fireworks.
While she was seen as holding her own against the more public senator.
Harris didn't mount any serious attack.
She complained that reporters on the panel didn't ask questions that would show clear distinctions between the candidates.
Such as about taxes, immigration and spending.
Tonight's debate will be at the University of Central Florida with pasty face Tim Russell of NBC's Meet the Press moderating.
Pasty face Tim Russell from Buffalo.
It'll be broadcast live on NBC affiliates.
Statewide.
You're going to be watching Bill Nelson and Catherine Harris.
I sure hope not.
You're talking to Josh right?
No, I'm talking to both of you guys.
No, no thank you.
I sure hope not.
You're going to be watching Tristan and his old.
I'm going to make a concerted effort of course.
I got a lot of things to do with my own computer at home.
Like what?
Also in other words, you keep screwing up your own computer.
You're buying this while you're messing up mine.
That's actually, it's working fine right now though.
You wait till tomorrow.
You wait till the next few days.
In fact, I hope Josh don't make any big plans for this weekend because wow.
You are going to be one busy beaver.
I'll tell you that.
That damn DVD burner that's giving me problems keeps crashing my unit.
Wow.
Well, don't take your unit in it.
Oh.
Oh, speaking of that, what a good segue and just fell into a bucket of crap.
The federal government's no sex without marriage message isn't just for kids anymore.
This is from USA Today No-Less.
Now the government is targeting unmarried adults up to age 29 as part of its abstinence-only programs,
which include millions of dollars in federal money that will be available to states under revised federal grant guidelines for 2007.
Oh my.
Oh my god.
The government says the change is a clarification but critics say it's a clear signal of more directed policy.
Targeting the sexual behavior of adults.
No more hanky spanky baby.
They've stepped over line of common sense M. James Wagner, president of advocates for youth.
A Washington DC based nonprofit that supports sex education to be preaching abstinence when 90% of people are having sex is in essence to lose touch with reality.
It's an ideological campaign.
It has nothing to do with public health.
Abstinence education programs, which have focused on preteens and teens, teach that abstaining from sex is the only effective or acceptable method to prevent pregnancy or disease.
They give no instruction on birth control or safe sex.
The National Center for Health Statistics says well over 90% of adults ages 20 to 29 have had sexual intercourse.
But Wade Horne, assistant secretary for children and families at the Department of Health and Human Services, said the revision is aimed at 19 to 29 year olds because more unmarried women at age group are having babies.
The government data released last month shows that 998,000 plus births in 2004 were to unmarried women 19 to 29.
The age is targeted by the slavest insanity.
And your tax dollars are to work by the way.
19 to 29.
What happened, a hanky spanky baby and quit making them babies?
12, 12 on the pole. We're going to fall just shy of 1,300. You know what? Who cares?
Right.
Does it really make a difference?
It's not to me.
Because you can see right from the good go day. They turned us like cornered rats when they saw this pole today.
Who would allos he?
Robert Sheer writes, turning the corner into madness.
Oh, before I do that, disregard it, this is just amazing.
And the print is so tiny. If I can read this, I want like a bonus.
This is from the a New York Post, but it's in it came off for some reason and teeny, teeny tiny print.
A student at Brooklyn High School named for a prominent Jewish educator face to a blitzkrieg of trouble yesterday when he arrived dressed as Adolf Hitler for Halloween.
And it's got his picture right here.
Walter Petrick, 16 and sister of his master's grade was a lampoon of the Nazi dictator, but administrators at Leon and Goldstein High School declared autumn for Hitler and detained Patik as their prisoner of war.
Petrick, whatever is that?
I'm telling you, if you saw how big this writing is, the junior honors to Negroey Marstange for the occasion was pulled out of a second grade English class and told to remove his beige coat
during a red swan stick arm band, a risk being suspended in the day of the something.
I can't read it.
Excuse me, Fhrer. Can I talk to you for a minute is how Petrick recalled the dean Paul Puglia, summoning him out of class.
Excuse me, Fhrer. Puglia then allegedly asked, are you out of your mind?
You idiot and offered him the office, ordered him to the office would consider yourself my prisoner of war.
Petrick said he understood the concerns of administrators that faculty members had lost relatives in the Holocaust, but he maintained the costume was parody protected and was right to expression and refused to take it off.
I figured somebody would say something eventually, but I really do believe that people have right to express themselves that Petrick and aspiring comedy writer who counts Mel Brooks, weird Aliancavic and Maddie Python cast among his idols.
His mother and stepfather, who is Jewish and lost ancestors in the Nazi genocide, defended Petrick's stance.
They rebuffed flees by the dean to advise their center removed the costume so we could reach under class.
This is a matter of artistic expression and a school not being stupid said his mother, Diane Petrick Bloom, who packed her son up at O'Pick to scut, whatever she did.
Pick the pack of Pickle Peppers.
The dean is offended by a parody of Hitler and he's acting like Hitler, she said.
Petrick's stepfather is Howard Bloom, a journalist whose book, The Lucifer Principle, has been targeted by censors, who accused it of being anti-Islam, oh brother.
This family's got problems, no they don't. Well they think they don't, but they might.
Well they're gonna say the reversal at the thought of Walter being censored even though he initially was very disturbed by the Halloween get-up.
If he wanted to advocate my genocide, I wouldn't have allowed the costume boom said that wasn't the spirit in which he was doing this at all.
It was doing in the spirit of Maddie Python and Mel Brooks. He's a comedian man, he's funny, he's a heart attack. Yadi, yadi.
Well I tell you I get very high marks if you could see, I'm gonna fax you this page.
Okay, so you can see how tiny this print is. In fact you, you know when you go to the eye doctor and you get your eye exam.
Okay. And they have the chart that's got like the big, big like on the top that you have to be like a blind man not to sing.
And then, descendingly, each line is a smaller and smaller. Wait until you see this. Okay. You're gonna say, oh my god, you old man ain't croaking yet.
I can see it. I got this for when I see something good, I see it real good. 26 past 1 at QA.
The biggest names of best talents and pieces are Neo-Rodgers Force Radio 560.
You A M.
A stench of palminor covers over this performance by the Dalton.
Are you pregnant now? No. Good.
Are you pregnant now? No. Good.
Are you pregnant now? No. Good.
The Sectomy Wireless has the largest most sterilized in network and that means all your calls will get through but your sperm won't.
Are you pregnant now? No. Good. The Sectomy Wireless, your sperm will stop working for you.
131 we got 124 votes in a poll. That's kind of bad. Now, did you look at that story? Yeah, it's microscopic.
Right. Now, are you amazed that I actually was able to read that without fumbling too much? Even with my micrinary magnum visions, I couldn't read this.
That's right. Here's another one with small print, all-or-joggenic compared to that one, also from the same I washed and posed.
Representative Charles Rangelius, they blasted Dick Cheney and called him a son of a bitch. After the vice president said the Harlem lawmaker would raise taxes and destroy the economy if Democrats take control of the house.
The bitter war of words escalated the point where the bombastic rangel even questioned whether they tightly wound Cheney needed professional treatment and mocked him for accidentally shooting his honey buddy earlier this year.
Cheney fired the first shell when he predicted a rangel who was poised to cheer the powerful housewaste and means committee of Democrats seized the house next week.
It wouldn't continue a single one and then this is chopped off. He then got in a major hit saying on Fox News Channel. Charlie doesn't understand how the economy works.
Many of Bush's 2001 tax threats are said to expire in 2011, meaning rates would jump back up again, boosting taxes by well over a trillion dollars, unless Congress acts to continue the cuts.
So if a man like Charlie Rangel were to be chairman of the committee and sitting there with a gavel, all he has to do is not act. Just don't call up the legislation. There will be a big tax increase, Cheney said.
The Vice President's stinging comments were laid into the series of White House statements intended to raise fears about Rangel as well as other prominent Democrats as the way he commenced voters to stop them from taking over the house.
Contacted by the post-reresponse, Rangel unloaded. He's such a real son of a bitch. He just enjoys a confrontation, Rangel Fume, describing himself as warm and personable.
Rangel said Cheney may need to go to rehab for whatever personnel in the deficit he may have suffered. When you have those sorts of problems you're supposed to seek help, Rangel advised. He acknowledged that he has problems with his communication.
How do you like that? Big Cheney, son of a bitch. I think he's been very kind. Gentile and Gentile. Robert Scheer writes, turning in the corner in the madness. He says that dire predictions President Bush is making about cutting and running from Iraq are almost identical to the horrifically inaccurate ones. President Johnson and Nixon made about Vietnam.
Every time I hear President Bush raining against those who would cut and run into Iraq instead of pursuing victory, he does almost daily. I think back to similar claims being made for the Vietnam debacle when I reported from Saigon in the mid-60s. Back then, the US troop presence was lower and casualties fewer than now in Iraq, but the carnage on all sides would escalate for the next decade as we waited miserably for the corner to be turned.
Then as now calls for setting a time table for Nordally withdrawal, we rejected as in bubbling our enemy to attack America. Instead of a dignified withdrawal, we've plunged ever deeper into the quagmire, leaving 59,000 US troops and 3.4 million Indochinese dead as tribute to our stupidity. Finally, there was nothing in due but cut and run of the most ignomineous fashion. With our US personnel being lifted by helicopter from Roost near our embassy, it seemed like a low point for US influence and there were dire predictions of communism with global dominance. Just as there is today for Islamos fascist boogie man, the president of the US
and the seized upon. Those predictions, however, proved dead wrong. Communism did not advance as a worldwide force after our defeat in Vietnam. On the contrary, a victorious communist run Vietnam soon went to war with the China back communist of Cambodia, overthrowing Paul Potts' evil-comer Rouge and with communist China itself in a bloody border war. Today communist Vietnam is still battling communist China, but now it is for shell space in Walmart and Costco. The US meanwhile, spending itself silly under the haplessly irresponsible president Bush, is not dependent on China into both Kerry its death.
And contain communist North Korea's nuclear threat. So why accept the president's true insistence that US will throw from Iraq would be a disaster? Surely our departure would compel Iraq's neighbors in Iran, Syria and Jordan to get serious about crawling the civil war that they have abetted in which in the absence of the US occupation would threaten to breach Iraq's borders. Why not assume as turn out to be the case with Vietnam that the Iraqis are best qualified to make their own history? The astounding arrogance that underwrites Bush's smart determination to keep killing and maming tens, perhaps hundreds or thousands of people, is no different than that of President Johnson.
Both knew the war was a failure, but determined to stay the course for a decade out of a misguided belief in protecting an image of American fallibility that was paired with shameful political motives. Now as in Vietnam, our arrogance has created disaster in Iraq. Our soldiers continue to kill and die enormous cost of the West taxpayers and an international influence and moral standing, but the causes already lost doomed by the ignorance lies and bad faith that launched it.
Estonishingly, considering our history and the stakes, our leaders shown off the slightest interest in understanding the fierce nationalism and deep religious divisions that have marked the mid-Eastern's long before the West existed as a nation.
And thus we've repeatedly decisive folly of Vietnam where our experts ignored a thousand year history of Chinese occupation in assuming that a fierce nationalist Ho Chi Minh was a puppet of masters in Red Bay, Jing.
This time we're led by a false warrior who insists on playing the civil in ignoring his prestigious education and over a year in favor of what he presumed as the prejudice of the Middle America?
Or is this giving Bush the son of a present too much credit? After all we know from the various insider memoirs, that Bush was unaware that Islam is roughly divided into two rival sects, Sunni and Shiite,
while just last week he bizarrely announced that our Iraq policy had never been stated, of course, isn't he was unaware of the invention of video recording the equipment that captured him saying that countless times.
Whatever you call it as approach is a sham and a disaster. It's long-passed time-blood pragmatic, real-politic find a patchwork solution that if the region in Iraq is can accept peacefully,
that's the expected advice from Bush family, Constituary and Troubleshooter James Baker, and is a recceded group which is to report soon after the election.
Truly frightening on this day of the dead though is that Bush probably won't listen to reason unless the voters first soundly repudiate him in the next-week selection,
which we can only pray will happen soundly and clearly and resoundingly.
We'll see. We'll see what it takes to get the American people pissed off and fired up, you know?
Call 133 votes on a poll is all we got. That's, you know, and the back of the day we just said, hey, that's a lot of votes, you know, one-to-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one
And it's like the below and politicians actually had something meaningful and believable to say to just wondering, and it's, who's this quoting? Oh, JFK? Well, please still dead.
No mess with the system, baby, because the system will mess you up big time. Several people were in that just in my lifetime.
138.22 till 2Q. We'll get back to the importance of sports, and of course last night's debacle with the heat. Oh my god. Was the final score 800-1? Wow. Nice to end read. They made the free throw though.
138.22 till 2Q. We'll get back to the importance of sports, and of course last night's debacle with the heat.
138.22 till 2Q. We'll get back to the importance of sports, and of course last night's debacle with the heat.
138.22 till 2Q. We'll get back to the importance of sports, and of course last night's debacle with the heat.
138.22 till 2Q. We'll get back to the importance of sports, and of course last night's debacle with the heat.
138.22 till 2Q. We'll get back to the importance of sports, and of course last night's debacle with the heat.
138.22 till 2Q. We'll get back to the importance of sports, and of course last night's debacle with the heat.
138.22 till 2Q. We'll get back to the importance of sports, and of course last night's debacle with the heat.
138.22 till 2Q. We'll get back to the importance of sports, and of course last night's debacle with the heat.
138.22 till 2Q. We'll get back to the importance of sports, and of course last night's debacle with the heat.
138.22 till 2Q. We'll get back to the importance of sports, and of course last night's debacle with the heat.
138.22 till 2Q. We'll get back to the importance of sports, and of course last night's debacle with the heat.
138.22 till 2Q. We'll get back to the importance of sports, and of course last night's debacle with the heat.
138.22 till 2Q. We'll get back to the importance of sports, and of course last night's debacle with the heat.
138.22 till 2Q. We'll get back to the importance of sports, and of course last night's debacle with the heat.
138.22 till 2Q. We'll get back to the importance of sports, and of course last night's debacle with the heat.
138.22 till 2Q. We'll get back to the importance of sports, and of course last night's debacle with the heat.
138.22 till 2Q. We'll get back to the importance of sports, and of course last night's debacle with the heat.
138.22 till 2Q. We'll get back to the importance of sports, and of course last night's debacle with the heat.
138.22 till 2Q. We'll get back to the importance of sports, and of course last night's debacle with the heat.
138.22 till 2Q. We'll get back to the importance of sports, and of course last night's debacle with the heat.
138.22 till 2Q. We'll get back to the importance of sports, and of course last night's debacle with the heat.
138.22 till 2Q. We'll get back to the importance of sports, and of course last night's debacle with the heat.
138.22 till 2Q. We'll get back to the importance of sports, and of course last night's debacle with the heat.
138.22 till 2Q. We'll get back to the importance of sports, and of course last night's debacle with the heat.
138.22 till 2Q. We'll get back to the importance of sports, and of course last night's debacle with the heat.
138.22 till 2Q. We'll get back to the importance of sports, and of course last night's debacle with the heat.
138.22 till 2Q. We'll get back to the importance of sports, and of course last night's debacle with the heat.
138.22 till 2Q. We'll get back to the importance of sports, and of course last night's debacle with the heat.
The Austin Attorney is running as a Democrat for a spot on Texas 3rd Court of Appeals.
She said replacement commercials that'll met any mention of her son were taped last week, and sent the stations on Friday.
She said she didn't anticipate upsetting her son, and everything in the ed was true.
She said her connection to football is relevant to her campaign, because her father was successful high school coach.
She was sports to teach her a strong work ethic that she'd bring to the judicial bench through a reason one of state football championships,
and she'd been shipped with West like high school in suburban Austin.
She said she got no response from his mother when he first heard about the ads, and called her to ask if she stopped using them.
His agent said her letter October 20th threatening legal action.
All right, he called his relationship with his mother non-existent after it crumbled six years ago when he refused to hire her as his agent.
I see said the dumb man.
Mina Breeze said her son's allegations were a mischaracterization, and as she had no intention of becoming his agent,
I loved her very much, and I'm very proud of him, but sometimes when people are following a career path, they change, she says.
She wants her peace, she wants her cut, okay?
Yeah.
Mina Breeze said she didn't receive any messages asking her to afford her son from her campaign.
Jill Fredrick sales director of her KUVUE television said the station received a new version of Mina Breeze commercially Friday.
The old version stopped running Sunday and the new ones kids will begin yesterday.
Mina Breeze is challenging and coming Republican Justice David per year in next week's selection.
The appeals court reviewed several incremental cases from 24 counties in central and west Texas.
How do you like that?
Yamama, she wanted to be the agent.
I'm sure highly qualified, no doubt about that.
The missing American soldier has been a subject of an intensive manhunt in the capital of Baghdad since being kidnapped by government outside the heavily protected greens over the last week.
Was at the time visiting a Iraqi woman whom he had secretly married three months ago was in law said.
How do you like that?
A little hanky spanky.
Oh yeah?
The identified the soldier as off-made Kusai Altai, 41, and showed visitors a wedding photo of him in his new bride, Isra Abdul Satari, 26.
Kalasdum as well as pictures of the couple in Egypt found their honeymoon.
See, the pyramids along the...
I remember that the deprees you belonged to me?
Wow, okay.
What a memory.
How about you got that?
The deprees you belonged to me?
If you had done a sure and shoe fly pie, I mean I can't...
Where did you find that?
Where did you find that?
Where did you possibly have that?
There's the deprees, like I see.
I'm at the other smash.
That's another one here.
Wonder if I do one.
Chicken neck, I'm sure.
You know what I mean?
Sure.
Thanks again for all fall down, chicken neck.
I watched it tonight, squeezed it, and I loved every second of it.
And I'm saying, what are you saying?
You chapped it off right before they were going to like your one when we got to the post.
See the pyramid.
Thank you.
You are a kid.
Oh, no, no.
Let me just quote a very famous philosopher that we once knew not too many years ago, a few years ago.
Not like last week.
Let me just quote one guy.
Heal Rogers.
Goon.
George Rodriguez.
No good.
You're good, buddy.
449 votes on the pool.
You know, if I had to really push it and throw it in.
Yeah, whatever.
Had a fit.
We could have made 1,300 by one o'clock.
By whenever they held it in.
What time is it now?
Oh, it's 3 o'clock already, daylight time.
Now, if you adjusted this or what?
Huh?
Oh, no.
You're always bitching about the fact that you reached in time.
I was thinking yesterday.
I don't know.
You know, I have a sick mind as you well know.
Yeah.
And I was thinking, wouldn't it be fun if we like just a school where everybody up?
Because there's a lot of dumb people out there.
What is it?
Spring back and now fall.
What is it?
Like changing every few weeks, you know?
Like six, seven times a year.
Just get changed in the time.
Just to miss them out.
I wouldn't put it past them.
The good news is I'm going to have not only all my clothes on right now, but even my shoes
on my new balance shoes.
Aren't you excited about that?
I have the more in mind to walking shoes.
Yeah, me too.
See, because one thing when you sit at that machine and you drink a lot of that diet soda, you
know, got to keep visiting the tea room every now and then.
Absolutely.
You put the cup on a machine, man.
And maybe your coat on your chair, because otherwise somebody will come along and steal whatever credits you got in there.
And then you go into the tea room for the pee room.
Or you could take an extra cup with you and then you wouldn't have to get that up.
That would be a good idea.
And then pour it in the machine.
If it starts to work for that.
Just like some great seas.
Don't forget start drinking a lot of red wine.
Or not.
Anyway, nobody cares about it.
If I get married, you care about it?
I sure don't.
No.
He was 41.
At least they weren't like between 19 and 29.
She was.
She was like 26.
So hopefully they'll abstain until they, although they already tied the knot.
They can do it once or twice a year.
That's what our government says.
See, this is, this is Republican Party, man.
They want small government.
They want government out of your bedroom.
You're like, right.
Right.
Sure they do.
They want to tell you every stinkin thing they're doing.
Of course they want to reach in your wall and grab all your money too.
Tax cuts for the rich though.
That's good.
Oh, for me.
That's the worst thing about man.
That's our pool.
They went over like a pregnant pool of water on a hot July day, man.
Not big.
They don't like it.
They take it as a, most people are unable to wear their own kind.
Whether it's sex, gender, you know, whether it's religion.
Oh yeah.
Ethnicity.
And we like, if we did a pool, it says, who's more bigoted men or women?
Right.
Well, how do you think it would come out with this audience?
You know, since we got out before women out there?
Yeah.
I know.
Good guess.
Who's more annoying men or women?
What would it be?
No matter what.
What would it be?
It would ask the women always come up with a short end of the stick if you haven't noticed.
That looks like it have good eyesight.
Well, I've seen some movies.
What's the worst thing about men?
251 votes.
Oh, we easy could have gone out.
There's a Rob Marciano on this.
You know, all the queens are all whipped up about her.
Him.
He infected.
I hate this pool.
323.
That's a full 25.8%.
I don't think we've ever had a pool where I hate this pool as the leading response isn't it?
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
How do you like that?
Let's hear it.
Jordan A's pool.
Let's hear it for Chris Jones, our sales manager, who ran into George and the hall yesterday.
I'm sure it was an accident.
Yeah.
What was the guy before him?
What was his name?
Curtis.
Curtis Sleeve, whatever his name was.
Curtis Limeball.
I remember that day that I was doing the show down there and I ran into him in a hallway on the way out.
He didn't expect to see me.
The door opened and he and I had that passing in the night encounter kind of thing.
Oh yeah.
Looked at me like he had just seen the ghost of Christmas past, future and present.
I mean, you know, why do the sales managers hate you like poison?
Because I tell the truth.
Because they're full of crap.
And they play games.
They play games just so they make themselves look good.
It is much building on here as possible without really caring about the people who are just spending all of that hard-to-run money.
Stuff like that.
And we heard somebody do copy is anybody seen this guy you told me I saw him.
Yeah, I saw him right across the hall here.
Well, what is he doing there?
He's showing right in any copy.
I've seen him typing on the computer.
He's writing lots of copy.
I guess for other people.
He's probably writing emails.
He's probably writing some emails.
You know, emails to some of the pages.
He's a big fan by the way for what it's worth.
Like I said, good guy.
Well, this guy's a big fan.
I mean, that he's getting any copy for this show.
That's not his fault.
That's the saleshold.
Exactly.
He's not going to go in there and just start writing copy all on his own.
Well, just do it, man.
Just start making a bunch of stuff up.
He's starting writing the sliders to there.
Open up the yellow pages of the phone.
He's starting writing copy for accounts that aren't on yet.
Worst thing about men of session with sports 167.
I hate this full like I said, 327.
Far and away leading.
There's slabs 141.
In fidelity 109.
There are too many of them.
That was Georgia's thing 108.
He don't like the competition.
That's right.
They lie like hell 107.
Boy, that's for damage.
You're in considered 93.
Nothing.
They're great.
Men are great 83.
Especially certain ones I can think of.
God.
They rake 71.
That's Georgia's wife.
Who obviously has had, you know, a difficult time in her life.
They can't commit 32.
They're homophobic 13.
They want to look at you and go, you're fair like that.
Even if you're not.
And nothing.
They're perfect 11 out of 1262.
11.
I mean, you talk about having a lot of it.
It's just anybody who would vote.
Nothing is wrong with men.
They're perfect.
Boy, they see have a lot of cuts about.
Probably could say about them, isn't it?
Yeah.
That is a shocker.
So I got my shoes on now and I think I'm going to go in the, I'm going to play the,
what do they call that thing?
Where's the, all the, all the casinos have it?
Mega bucks.
Oh, I think the jackpot's about 2.6 million.
Well, I didn't go to do it.
Although the lot of night is 15 million.
You see how stupid we are?
You know, I'm talking about myself.
I'm admitting.
You've got a time in chance of winning the lotto.
But at least if you do win it, it's enough to, you know, really change your life.
And you sit down at a slot machine where the progressive jackpot is like, you know,
166,000 like Wheel of Fortune.
And, and you know, you're not going to win it.
But even if you did, is that going to change my life on 166 grand?
You think?
I don't know.
It changed mine.
You think of a change Josh's life?
I'm here 166,000 dollars.
Wouldn't have to have that roommate.
Wouldn't have to keep changing apartments like, like some people change their underwear every five minutes.
That's true.
Now you moved out because you're getting a cheaper place is that it?
I'll save a little, not really much.
So what, what was the motivating factor?
He owns the place, so no first-last security?
So now, was it was financial again?
Because they're not paying you enough to even talk about because you were a Schlepper.
And it was a financial thing.
It always is, man.
Well, there you go.
Let's take up a collection.
Let's have Josh himself stand on this three-quarter with a big bucket.
If it's good enough for our what's his name out there with a homeless voice.
What's his name again?
Sean Connelly.
Sean Connelly.
Canone.
Canole.
If it's good enough for him, it's good enough for Josh.
The biggest name.
So best talent for today's system.
The Rochester Sports Radio 560, UAM.
Ah, Carol, this idea really came down here.
So people are really upset.
I kept the nuclear weapon.
Resting, I wanna do it, I'll be staying in the body.
So I'm a half a nuclear.
A minute of nuclear everywhere.
Reminds me.
I'm sorry.
Sorry.
So sorry.
My bad.
Please accept.
My apology.
The brand-fraught squaring on my dignity and shoulder.
I was too bad.
Hey, I'm a grind tool.
Look inside of my grasp.
Seriously, I'm sorry.
So it's all right.
Bye, bye, bye.
