They crammed!
Flickstones, they're always stone
They're the really stone of family
Always smoking crack rock
Baking high more than Bob Arlene
Body!
You're pretty poor!
Did you get the reforoc-
You're pretty!
It's Columbia Rock Dome!
Hey, that's good sh-
A couple jokes are not behind you, it's damn addictive!
Hey, body! Are these lipids getting spiced, movement?
No, man, you're just really f-ing dumb!
You have a devil f-ing to be!
You're so f-ing dumb!
So, yes you died!
What have you probably already known who died?
Joe Barbera from Hannah Barbera?
Oh no!
Oh yes!
So, how will we go on?
Yes!
Well, how can we go on?
Yes, that's what I said.
Oh, Joe Barbera, half of the Hannah Barbera animation team that produces beloved cartoon characters is Tom and Jerry
Yogiber and a Flintstone, see the Flintstones got it, there you go.
I died yesterday, one brother spoke to me and said, and you know what, he was 95, believe me, old enough and then some.
How can you feel bad when somebody is 95 and died?
You got a natural causes, in other words, he croaked, that was it.
At home with his wife, she lied aside.
With his longtime partner, Bill Hannah Barbera, first found success created with the highly successful director of cartoons.
I don't think it's going to be a really good day.
The addicts of the battling cat and mouse went to win the Seven Academy Awards more than any other series with the same characters.
The partners who had first teamed up while working at MGM in the 1930s, they went on to a whole new realm of success in the 50s and 60s,
with a witty series of animated TV comedies including the Flintstones, the Jetsons, Yogiber, Scooby Doo and Huff-Up Ray Hound and Friends.
Well, Joe Barbera is dead, he was a mere 95, a very little child in South Florida, especially in some of our his lakes.
And...
A North Carolina woman was arrested after complaining to a police officer that the crack cocaine she had just purchased in Hawthorne, Florida wasn't very good, authority said.
Hawthorne, Florida, where the hell is that? I know where Hawthorne Park used to be in Chicago.
Where else Hawthorne, Florida?
I'm Google it.
Google it.
Eloise ELOISC, what kind of name is that?
Eloise ELOIS, I don't know what her name is, D.R.U. SIFI, approached the Putnam County Sheriff's Deputy.
I guess if we knew where Putnam County was, we knew where it was.
Let me be in the panhandler, you think?
I'm checking right now.
I see.
A convenience store Friday telling that another man had sold her bad crack that contained rags in cocaine.
She pulled on a ledge crack rock out of her mouth and placed it on the deputies' car for inspection.
They pelacca daily news reported for Tuesday's editions.
Oh, pelacca, that's South-thirnda Yenem's belt.
The deputies told Reeves that she'd be arrested if the crack tested positive for cocaine.
She was charged with physician cocaine and bought it out for a 504 box.
Somebody sold me some bad crack.
Do you find pelacca, Putnam County, Hawthorne, Florida?
All of these things?
All of these things?
No.
Not really.
How is that possible?
How about Putnam County?
I mean, pelacca, where pelacca is the name, I have no idea where all those yellow places are up there.
I don't want to know.
I don't want to be involved in it.
Anyway, Josh Cortes had his big meeting at two o'clock yesterday.
We got a lot of updates here and lost some heavy duty personal stuff.
How's my space doing on that poll today?
It's got two votes.
No votes.
No two.
Got to appear.
Let me just warn you people out there about that whole my space experience.
Okay?
Get a real email address.
Real people use real email addresses.
They exchange them back and forth.
And they don't use my spaces as a place to hide.
There's some people, of course, who go into hiding.
And they assume that they can do that.
And then they find out, oh, geez.
Didn't work.
But we'll get into that.
Here's the poll results from yesterday before we hear about Josh's big meeting with Maddie Bell and Greg Reed.
Greg, by the way, has tried to rape QAM.
Over there, a pound 96 over another side of the building.
He's trying to rape QAM and to destroy everything that Joe Bell is trying to put the pieces back together again.
Thanks a lot, Greg.
Go away. You lunatic.
You maniac.
You sports nerds.
So he person you.
Here's yesterday's poll.
We had 5052 votes.
I remember, Jim Bush, most for helping his brother steal the 2000 election 634 vote.
His whole law breaking family 267.
Interfering with Terry and her.
Chew!
156.
By the way, Hawthorne is by Gainesville.
Yeah, it's up there in Yahuatlant.
It's not as far north as I thought it was or west, but by Gainesville.
That's Yahuwi enough for me.
Wow.
The stupid FK-91.
I remember the Fent as governor for overturning the voters on state amendments 86.
For being a great guy 85.
Oh, man.
The pain.
The pain is bad.
85.
5.4% said the FF was a great guy.
Never stole a freight train.
His FF-52.
His Koch-snorting prescription forging guard in the well-45.
Opposing the slots 38.
Being on TV whenever there was a hurricane 28.
Needlessly cutting down citrus trees 26.
I hate this poll only 23.
They elected 1.4%.
Being a right-wing guber as in gubernatorial only 21.
So there you go.
There you go.
Overwhelming in this audience.
They weren't really all that fun to fat ass jib.
And rightfully so.
And of course, yeah, Charlie Chris will be coming in next month.
She'll be the new governor.
Tara Conner, Miss USA is up to her.
She's got problems.
I know everybody has talked about this.
Yeah, it's my kind of girl right there.
Like hot and loves the party.
She's horny and she's just doing everybody.
One of her friends said she didn't really want to be Miss USA,
although she's very ambitious.
She always complained how it was a pain in the ass to wake up in the morning
and she had to get crazy stuff down to her teeth.
It isn't a stuff, but it begins with an S.
The girl can wake up in the morning and flip a switch and change into Miss USA.
Honestly, she's got like Lindsey Lohan, which much, much bigger and certainly not real boobies.
They'll just can't possibly be real.
Hey, we'll take him.
Enormous.
Are you'll take I know.
If Tara will be decrowned, her terror will be passed to Tamiko Nash.
An honest source that told the Daily News that Tara Conner was using cocaine
lustfully kissing Miss T.
USA in public.
Oh, right.
And sneaking in into their Trump place apartment.
The source said she was a party animal.
I've seen them.
Miss USA, Tara Conner and Miss T.
USA Katie Blair 18.
Kiss before they always dance sexy on the tables.
They definitely get close.
Nice.
Close.
What am I getting that?
Listen, it's here for you, man.
Yeah, it's here.
Well, I'm not coming there to get it.
Although I don't have a big lunch appointment down there.
As a matter of fact, I got three lunch appointments.
I know the two will actually take place.
Tara said to have a drug problem and not be kept in a state in secret.
This is a mechanic sense.
It's illiterate.
Where the hell has this come from?
Not to be keep in secret the person she's enemy with.
Well, it's a little, they're a little tongue tied with us.
Another source said she really has a bad drug problem.
Everyone at Miss USA hated her.
She slept with Blink 182's Travis Barker and she slipped into all the club promoters.
She was latching out of a crew of promoters because she had no other friends and she was using them for drugs.
She started utilizing hip-hop in New York City people in nightlife scene to feed her addictions.
Donald Trump, Miss USA pageant boss at the Miss Universe organization, will study the situation.
And we evaluated because of her behavioral and personal issues.
At the Upper West Side property where the Miss USA women was given an apartment every year,
the dormant said, Territ doesn't live there no more.
She returned to Kentucky with it without a banjo on her knee.
The dormant said she doesn't live here anymore.
She's not allowed anywhere on Trump property.
She's certainly not allowed to come back.
I don't think it was her choice really.
The Donald, I guess finally said, was a little bit even for him it's too embarrassing.
So there you go, Miss USA.
Is it, why do I care about that?
Do I care?
No, I do.
And you do because you think that she's doing hanky spanky with Miss T. USA
and it's creating all kinds of wild visions, visions of sugar plums, big boobs dancing in your head.
Here's today's poll.
And also it's great to hear from Harry again from Detroit on MySpace.
Wow.
Any other tips today? Any other fun facts?
I'm going to read his, this he man, I'm going to read it right on here.
I'm excited.
908 on the poll today. 908 we get to 1000 pretty easy I would think.
Now what do we do yesterday during the show?
We got to, we could have got 15.
We got almost 15.
Yeah, that was pretty good.
I hate to admit that I love blank and we got several choices for it.
I hate to admit I love porn to someone.
Why would people hate to admit that?
I mean this day and age isn't a little bit childish.
I don't know, that was my vote.
I mean I didn't really relate to anything else in the poll.
Oh.
I hate this poll is doing, oh look at that 140, 15.4% hate this poll.
What's wrong with this poll?
This is one of our listeners polls for crying out loud.
What's wrong with that?
Well, evidently it must be some wrong because you said you couldn't find anything else to have voted for on there.
Right.
I hate to admit I love Neil Rogers 118.
Well you could have voted for that.
You bastard.
What would be wrong with that?
Antiques Road Show 90.
I mean I know that's some stupid show but I've never watched it.
Now what, what is it?
I was hoping you were going to fill me in.
So, one of those shows where people bring their old antiques and I got this.
Yeah.
How much is worth?
Sounds exciting.
Yeah.
Like Maddie Bell, one of their old antiques.
Antiques Road Show 90, vanilla ice cream 72, talk radio 65, the carpenters, that's what I voted for, 5070.
Even an old queen like me is very embarrassing.
I love the carpenters.
I don't blame you.
The music goes 39.
Neil Sedacad 12 and now we just put my space on this morning.
We have two people say they hate to admit it but they love my space.
And it's probably in the probably both pedophiles.
My space is a place for people who are like young punks and who still think like young punks and then of course people who are like chasing young punks.
And leave it to Miguel to get me involved with that.
Oh brother.
But now that my close personal friend out there is going to total hiding, changing his cell phone and email and shutting us out on my space.
He's unreachable.
Do you think that's going to change my life?
I hope not.
No.
Unreachable man.
And then even you said you had some bad experience on my space.
Oh I've gotten into trouble.
What does that mean?
You want to give us details or what has it gotten in trouble with what?
Meaning I have a girlfriend and I've met a few girls that I've seen on my space and I've kind of got caught for that.
You've met them.
Yeah that's it.
Online or actually in the flesh?
Oh you know I ran into them online, met them in the flesh.
Yeah.
Got a little trouble for that.
I see.
Well there you go.
Be real careful.
I would hide my space.
I would hide your identity man.
All you people I want to go into deep hiding.
You know just shut everybody else out.
That's the way to do it.
And then come to find out that you're not hiding at all.
But nevertheless.
12 minutes after 10 to 5.60 WDQAM we got mad dog at 2.
Now there's an asterisk next to that.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
Did he take steroids?
There's an asterisk next to a mad dog named.
So when he was on his dolphin teams back in the 70s, he was doing, he had bad roids.
Then we got the power hour with hanging a man dog together between 4 and 5.
The Humpers Solo 5 to 7 working off those calories.
Panther preview at 7 o'clock and Gellie still hasn't called to invite me to lunch or anything like that.
Bastard.
What's wrong with you man?
I'm sure he'll call today.
Panther's at the Amapel leaves at the Air Canada Center at 7.30 tonight followed by the end cap on show.
Just a few days left already caded.
We were getting up there and all that and no.
Should've asked Clarence that when he came in there.
But all he did was come in and put a beep, but he moved and talked a lot of crap you know.
In record stores now it's the most repulsive Christmas album you'll ever hear.
Ali McBeal purges all the Christmas favorites.
Ali McBeal purges all the Christmas favorites.
Listen to it while eating fruit cakes.
Black tea is a ton make no mistake about it.
A real porky.
If she lost 75 pounds my name is Ish Kabibble.
My name is Harry and Detroit.
1017 at 560 WDQ Yand now what's the story with you're a big media?
I don't know which order to do this and we've got so much business to catch up on.
Catch up.
Lot of business.
What's the story?
No I don't want to go in with you.
You got a tease it a little bit.
The audiences on the edge of their seats they know they were meeting with Maddie Bell over a pound 96 and of course Greg Reed the evil doer.
As they were trying to spirit you away from a QAM.
Josh is going to be leaving our show but not right away.
Now what about Chris?
What's he chopped liver or what?
No not at all.
He's in the running.
What does that mean?
He's right there man.
I know he's right here but I mean do you want to work on this show?
Would you like to take Josh's place and take all the abuse that he gets?
I will say this right up front I don't know you so I certainly don't love you.
You know I want to say that right off the bat.
Well I was with you last year when Josh fell asleep for a network.
But I wasn't there though.
Yes you were.
It was in the studio?
Well no you yeah I don't know you face to face but I've worked with you.
Well like I said if I don't know you face to face how could I love you you know.
I don't love Josh either I like him he's a good guy he's done a fine job and I don't love him.
I'm not that crazy I am crazy though.
I will say that I'm a crazy person.
Let me just ask Josh a question here.
Please do.
That has nothing to do with Maddie Bell.
What will get to that eventually when the whole audience is joining us?
By the way we got the ratings tomorrow morning 1130,
too much of the fall book any interest?
No.
Okay.
If you were like trying out you just got through telling me you had some bad experiences on my space.
Yeah that's an issue.
Well let me say let's just use a hypothetical.
Okay.
Let's say that there was somebody on there who contacted you and they started to annoy you or they embarrassed you.
So you were in a situation once and you wanted to cut off the communication.
And you had given this person say your cell phone and your email address you regularly email outside of my space.
And you had been communicating for a while and you wanted them to like go away.
Now let me ask you this.
Would you maybe send them an email?
Yes.
And say don't contact me anymore you're getting on my nerves.
F off.
Something like that.
Would you maybe call them and leave them a similar message or would you change all your personal information
and go into hiding like some kind of a crazy person?
I'd probably write an email and call them say hey sorry we ran into each other.
It was a very sick and...
That's right.
So I didn't work out having a great life.
I wish you no ill and you were in a hole and whatever like that.
And this was curious.
I don't know because I thought...
No you're not crazy don't worry.
How are you so sure of that?
I didn't think I was crazy but I haven't been sure.
Anyway this morning speaking of crazy because now I have a new pen pal.
I've got a good friend somebody I actually know from down there who's been a friend of the show for a long time.
George knows him very well.
I'm not going to use his name on the ear because I just...
I feel uncomfortable calling Macy.
How's that?
Or use the English name?
That Macy.
And so anyway I never do this.
It just maybe was...
My luck is turning now.
Maybe I don't know.
I'm like what Harry says.
Maybe I should race over to Woodbuying right now.
I'll see if I find a good machine mine with 166 grand progressive jackpot.
But my Blackberry...
I usually charge it overnight.
Now a lot of people tell me don't do that if you keep charging the battery it hasn't last as long.
Well it's lasted this long which is a hell of a long time and it seemed to be just fine.
I just like to make sure it's 100% early in the day if I'm going to like use it a lot which I don't.
But anyway.
So that's just a habit I'm into of hooking it up charging it overnight and it's in the other room.
Last night for whatever reason I'm going to bed and I had the Blackberry in my hand.
And so being lazy fat old slob that I am instead of going back in the living room and putting the Blackberry in you know hooking it up to the charge thing.
I just put it down on my nightstand next to the bed.
3.30 in the morning because it starts buzzing I got an email.
Well of course that wakes me up which is fine.
I don't want my friend Macy to feel bad about waking me up 3.30 in the morning.
I'm glad that he...
Because this is a person who's had a similar experience with a...
And in his case with a brother.
Okay.
Okay.
Who rejected him totally and just shined and just discarded him like some kind of human garbage.
And so he's been hurt very badly even though Macy is as heterosexual as today as long even more so than you if that's possible.
He understands the pain.
He understands the pain that one male can inflict on another and it doesn't have to do with sex.
And I realize that 99% of the people in the audience are still going to think that this whole other episode that I've been involved in rambling on like a lunatic about.
It's a sexual thing which it is not.
It's got nothing to do with that.
But in any way so anyway he emailed me and I emailed him back lying there in bed and I'm tapping out on the Blackberry but it would be better but then we exchange couple of emails and by 4 o'clock I was sleeping in.
But it's a thank God for him man.
You're a good people.
Thank goodness for him.
And he's had somebody just wound him.
I don't understand the idea of people who want to inflict pain on each other.
I mean I can understand bad marriage things like that when people over a long period of time really get on each other's nerves when they cheat on each other.
In fact it would seem to me when there is a sexual involvement in a relationship.
There's much greater possibility for hate and angst and psychosis. Am I right?
Yeah, I did.
You're bad.
But if it's just like an alleged friendship or something like that it shouldn't.
And of course a brother I mean when it's like blood relatives somebody grew up with and they just discard you like some human garbage.
It's painful.
So thanks for the therapy, Misha.
You're good people.
Okay now what was it going to get to a hairy, hairy on the...
I see I'm one of the Maddie Bell stuff I'll get to eventually.
Right.
And also one other thing I do want to say too since I'm not insane and not a crazy person totally.
And this whole business about am I going to retire and I'm going to wear...
Well what is that all about? This was an offshoot. The people want to know man.
What people?
You know the people?
The people? The people?
No I mean there's an offshoot of all this aggravation.
I'm not going to like run away from my job and from 31 years in a market because somebody on my space is playing games with my head or playing hide and seek and go take a peek and you know...
Drown in a creek, whatever the hell that's all about.
Not going to do that.
I'll do whatever the hell I want to do when I want to do it. Like like we did pull we took.
The old sugar tar when everything he feels like and like Ralph Redneck told my good close friend Ricky Tiki Shaw that when you've been in the market a long time the time to retire is you'll know when it's time.
Wasn't that the line below when it's time?
That's right.
Well this is not the time.
I need that gambling money to feed my gambling hair with every wicked wood buy.
Oh man these people out there you crack me up some of your people crack me up and some of you make me want to cry.
You know this very sad.
So Harry and Detroit see one thing I've discovered on this show and of course I always knew it if you talk about people all of a sudden they come back with a vengeance man.
Just like that one episode you know you talk about somebody on the year who disappeared all of a sudden they come back for a little while not too long but oh yeah I loved it it was great.
And you know who disappeared filled the phony faxer disappeared.
Yeah.
Now you may recall because you won a vacation last week.
Right.
And the Friday before that the last day before you won a vacation I think it was the first of two emails we got from filled the faxer the phony faxer.
Phony in a standpoint that's not his name and you don't want to ask to know who it is.
Give him a life advice and advice about this and but so Monday there was a follow up and Phil tells me it was the greatest show maybe the best show ever because I was talking about him.
Well of course maybe it was Monday maybe I think it was Wednesday when we had all those great causes and you see you're talking about me you're getting all these great college I think it's just a coincidence.
Fill the phony faxer.
Fill the phony faxer remember that by Peter Paul and the Harry?
No.
Let's be kind of Harry.
I better do the break in that because I want to give a Harry's email justice I want to take some time with it here on here.
So you don't think that somebody who isn't like hiding just in general would go to the lengths of changing their cell phone and their email and hiding and their my space page and going through you know contacting every person they know saying oh well I just had to change my email.
It's got to be somebody's hiding for more than me.
Yeah that's on the realm of a little crazy.
Yeah I don't just and of course I guess maybe that's also intended like frustrate me that I can't get a message to Garcia but then again I got a radio show.
I'm going to do a radio show every day for four hours and you can be sure that the parties involved might be listening or not who cares.
It's great radio that's what I was told.
948 votes on the poll four hate to admit they love my space.
I'll say this much it's interesting you know it's got potential.
It's not exactly at first I'll say that.
Yeah you get sucked in and you think boy this is really great look at the people in any starting stage you the messages back and forth and then you realize you don't...
I mean if it's somebody you knew well or you really well and then you can trust that's a different story.
But even my confidant that was emailing me at 330 in the morning back and forth I gave him my regular email address.
I don't feel comfortable about my space at all.
You know what I mean?
Yeah I feel like everybody is reading it.
Yeah I mean probably I'm crazy about that but I just feel like it's nobody's reading your messages but whoever you're sending me to.
No he's not reading a message.
So in other words nobody's reading.
That's reassuring.
I got news for I never wrote one word during those psychotic two weeks of anything salacious sexual any in you window.
In fact the only one thing that was written was by him about certain size of his well you know like that.
It was just a joke that's all.
I had to do with shoe size you know all those old stereotypes about people with big feet things like that.
Size 12 by the way.
I got your breasts are beautiful.
Alright.
Absolutely.
I'm going to do how we survive without the old Xbox.
It's a 1032 a few and we got 969 votes on the poll.
We're going to have over a thousand by eleven. How do you like that?
That's going to be great.
That is really something.
By the way Chris you want to start marking these down you know make a little a log of this.
That's one of the reasons that Josh is like that long in the show.
He knows every day how many votes we had in the poll not he doesn't care and either should you.
What they're doing.
So what's wrong with Chris having a job he sounds like a real guy and I'm sure he and George will hit it off well smoke a big fat one or something like that.
That's right.
In a whole way.
Well you're a lot of stuck going on look at all these effects and crap coming in here.
Chris said what's this pool that's a good pool too.
Yeah it was that's why I said it's an excellent pool.
I like that one.
I think that maybe tomorrow's pool.
Thank you so much.
All you pool people especially during the holidays man it's the right in the middle of Chanukah and it's only six days before Christmas and it's amazing.
What's going on here?
This is a pool a a facts whatever it is from Stuttering Gil.
This is a hate to admit it.
I love road rage.
I love to give a person a finger or a FU on the highway.
Stuttering Gil says how do you like that?
A kind of unassuming guy like that you think would be like really although those are the ones to be careful of.
You know those are the ones that really are just blow and just go nuts.
So let's have road rage on the pool.
Can we handle it?
It's out there.
I got four who hate to admit that they love my space.
How is that I hate this pool to when that's bad.
Second place 50 and a half percent hate the pool.
That hurts my feelings.
I want to start crying real bad.
And then somebody fast this into the New York post.
Bridget Moynihan tried to hail Mary Paz last week to save a relationship with former fiance Tom Brady but it was too late.
Oh Tom is on the market now.
I'll help with all these other people.
The New England Patriots quarterback was over it.
Moynihan flew down to Miami December 10th.
Oh, I don't have any idea.
A ball main mercy a party at the Rolly.
What is that?
Hold on.
What is that?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Some people look at her at the Rolly and keep an eye on Tom and set a spy.
But Brady was said to be annoyed because while the Patriots were in Miami to play the dolphins he was having a good time at the bars with the local women when she arrived.
I told you there was a reason why they stunk last week.
Why they tanked that game to the dolphins.
I told you that he was in the bag man.
No one travels with the team.
He had already broken up with her said one source.
The stress on the actress show which he was exhausted looking and Nicole Richie thin.
It emerged Thursday that two had broken up two weeks ago.
He doesn't need that bitch.
He's got to let him have anybody he wants.
Yeah.
Including me.
Play the market Tom.
That's right.
Play it the fast and loose Tommy.
Do it this smart.
By the way that's a watch company.
No.
She was a...
They're for a watch party.
She was watching him.
And he was watching everything with boobs.
So anyway, start with you with a road rage.
Let's see.
What was the other...
Oh no, I never got her.
He's facts here before we get into the very heavy duty stuff of the big movie.
This day with Greg Reed and Maddie Bell.
Uncle's little Maddie Bell.
For anybody in the audience who isn't familiar with Maddie Bell and his role in the whole of Beasley and that building there.
Let me just say...
Oh, he's a little gyre kind of funny look.
Yeah, that sums it up real well.
Now Harry, who's also on my space and I have a feeling Harry I know what you're trolling for on there.
You're not fooling me.
Maybe we'll meet Harry one day on date line.
Yeah.
Maybe we'll make you famous on date line one day here.
I don't think so.
Harry seems like a good guy.
He says, I'm flattered.
You mentioned me on your show.
Of course I didn't expect not to be put down but I was surprised he spent so much time on backgammon.
I don't have to want to spend so much time on backgammon.
And you would want to give me a whole lecture about how you should get up and explain slots and take out backgammon and meet the Tiger Woods of backgammon.
Harry, then he says, my point about all that needs to explain me.
Wait till you hear this.
I want you to take notes.
I'm ready.
It says, let me put it this way.
You have a lot of morons in your audience.
No kidding, Harry.
That's obvious from the calls.
But you have some smart people too.
He says, hey, I love Bokeh Brian as much as anybody.
But it's Neil God.
Neil God.
Place the show.
You haven't intelligence not found elsewhere on the airways.
Can you feel the suction?
And that's why I find it odd.
You would be playing the slots.
If there was any way to beat them, that would be one thing.
He says, then there is.
I was one of the first to do the math.
That's the machines in Nevada.
Maybe elsewhere or two that have progressive jackpots.
We're a bank of machines that are linked to one jackpot.
Once you figure out the best percentage plays, I did the poker machines.
Then you figure out how high the jackpot has to be before you have an edge by playing.
I mean, this is like a slide rule.
Like a mathematician.
I go there for fun.
I don't expect I'm going to win.
And most of the time I don't.
And a lot of times I do.
Many of the day I'll come out of there, win in two, three, four, grand, whatever it is.
And many days I'll come out losing my ass.
What's the big deal?
Man, I can handle it.
It's a hobby.
It's fun.
Based on that, he says, teams formed in Las Vegas.
They had all had pages, pre-cell phone days.
And when somebody observed the bank and poker slots for the jackpot was favorable,
they called the team members to lock up all the seats in those machines
and played until somebody hits the jackpot.
And they left the audience behind.
And moved off for greener pastures.
Anyways, if there was a way to beat them, that would be one thing.
But it just seems like your audit character watching those reels fit around the past of time.
But to reach his own.
I just hope you'll take some time to see those videos I mentioned.
If you want, I'll send them to you as a Harry.
I don't want you to send me anything here.
I can get them by saying, you know, I appreciate the offer.
But I don't want them.
It sounds to me like Harry's a stalker when you turn right down to him.
You know what I mean?
Better watch your back.
Game it.
Yeah.
Not too big a...
I think on my space, I mean, I don't think I know.
There are a lot of stalkers out there.
I'm not one of them, by the way.
I'm interested in stalking anybody.
I'm not going to show up at anybody's door knocking on the door.
Oh, gee, how come you won't talk to me?
I'm not...
You know, my life is moving on.
And like I said, I'll leave this gig when I'm good and ready.
Fact, Joe Bell said the other day and he actually did say this.
I want to put it on the record.
He said, you know, if you want to work until you croak,
well, that's what we want.
We want you to work until you croak.
That's what he said.
I said, based on joy, so much he's doing to the show,
that croaking part may come fairly soon.
So, anyway, how do you like Harry's good advice there about, you know,
how come I'm going to this side?
Because I want to, okay, I don't need advice from the audience
and how to spend my money, who to leave in my will, okay?
I don't need that.
I mean, I didn't have a little oral support there last couple of weeks
during this personal stupid trauma thing that I've gone through.
And it has been very annoying and very depressing and deflating.
It's not a big deal.
It's not going to change my life.
This isn't some kind of a romance, there's some kind of a sexual liaison,
which a lot of idiotic lunatics out there are assuming.
It's just one of those things, you know, people, people, relationships, life.
Life isn't just about money, although I'm saying it won't take it.
It's a hell of a lot better to have it than not, you know?
It beats the alternative.
So, I getting up and bed in the morning, maybe you don't feel best on a certain day
when you wake up in the morning, but you know what?
It beats the alternative.
At least you woke up.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, yeah.
I hate to admit that I love 99 votes, poor in 295.
I hate this 453.
Neorodgers, 127.
127 people love me like crazy.
Not necessarily the right ones, that's the problem.
And Teeke's Road show now.
I'll tell you one thing, my buddy in Miami, though, that I was eating me home with less than I was.
What a good guy.
It's funny, you know, when you know somebody a long time.
Yeah.
But not really well.
And then you discover what they're really all about, you know what I mean?
So he's a really good guy.
He is a good guy.
He is a great guy.
Now, is he like going into the will?
No.
What are you talking about?
Jesus, man, you are bad.
You're as bad as the audience.
I'm thinking I'm going to give her even numbers.
Okay, here I can come stop anyway.
I'm not going in my will.
I think John is trying to find out if he's going to be in the will.
Who?
If Josh is going to be in the will.
No, Josh will not be in the will.
In fact, I said the other day because these people are trying to help me.
The Georgia has to be in my will.
I said, maybe I'll leave Georgia 100 grand.
And everybody said, that would be great.
That would be wonderful.
And Josh says, if he left me just half that much, it would be great.
That's it, man.
I would have you fitting.
I'll leave you by 50 cent.
Can I get back to the poll, please?
Please, please, pretty please.
See, now he's getting like you, Chris.
See, that he does want your job.
Now he's starting to interrupt with the cost of comment.
That's good.
More sarcastic about it.
Just rip me an ass, man.
That's what it's all about.
Near Rogers, 128.
And Teeke's Roadshow, 96.
I still don't know what that show is.
And I don't want to know.
But Chris told us and I wasn't listening.
Talk radio, 77.
Vanilla ice cream, 75.
Man, that is boring.
Wow.
How can you love vanilla ice cream?
Huh?
I could see you like it.
With a bunch of stuff from your adonet, but how can you love vanilla ice cream?
Just so pedestrian, so bland.
Yes.
The Carpenter 62, Richard and Karen.
Hey, Karen, how about the vanilla ice cream would be good?
$1,146.
Musicals 42, Nielsenacca 14.
MySpace44 and Roadrage, we put that on and on.
Unless the other thing goes for that, nobody's going to vote for I love Roadrage, are they?
Hey, South Florida?
Okay, I said it's probably going to be number one.
$9.94 right on the cusp of 1000.
The biggest name on the list.
The best talent for this is Niel Rogers, 4th radio 560.
You A.M.
Rock solid.
Howard David's a bitch.
I'll see here.
I ain't never said gold.
Yeah, I've been heard of the noise.
I've been heard of the noise.
About the key to the door.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've been heard of the door.
I've been heard of the door.
I've been heard of the door.
I've been heard of the door.
Hey, me, my back is heard of the door.
I've been heard of the door.
I've been heard of the door.
I've been heard of the door.
I've been heard of the door.
I've been heard of the door.
I've been heard of the door.
I've been heard of the door.
I've been heard of the door.
I've been heard of the door.
I've been heard of the door.
I've been heard of the door.
I've been heard of the door.
I've been heard of the door.
I've been heard of the door.
ulously!
Well, you saw People show you too a toutsy!
Okay, I'm sorry, but...
don't want the only way out.
There you go, he ain't standing here.
He takes another company out.
Here is what's self.
Next, take another company out.
Go. Come on.
I will die!
I'll die!
I'll die!
I'll die!
I'll die!
I'll die!
I'll die!
I'll die!
I'll die!
I'll die!
I'll die!
I'll die!
Thankfully, 7 out of 5, 60 left to WM Happy Tuesday.
6 days before Christmas, man.
I'll tell you, we are kicking some big nasty ass...
and...
don't forget tonight's the night for the checkpoint
point that I still can't figure out.
Yeah, over that page.
Somewhere.
Yeah, somewhere in Dane, this is somewhere between here
and Uranus.
Frower and Chira, soft as deputies, will conduct a
traffic-trip point operation tonight from approximately 7
p.m. to 10 p.m. in the 300 block of Dixie highway, or the 5200
block of southwest 40th Avenue, both in Dane of Beach.
Vehicles will be inspected.
Fort effective safety equipment and motorists will be asked
to show their driver's license, registration,
and proof of insurance.
And I sure hope that you value your crude address
and your driver's license, okay?
I mean, if you're one of those people that moves your
model out and you've got some old address from
Hellendale or somewhere like that, they're not going to
be too happy about that.
They'll probably drag your ass off again.
Again.
Let's see what's this other fact.
We're going to all come for today's poll.
Oh, this is good.
Yeah, we got some of the facts that's coming today.
Yeah, we got, we, I told you this.
You didn't believe me.
It started last Wednesday.
We turned the corner, man.
Because I was in my 19th nervous breakdown or whatever
was going on.
I think the audience is finally starting to understand
the human element or something like that.
In fact, I still got this facts from George's buddy Joe,
you know, Jacob's ex-nabre, Joe.
Okay.
And he says, this was a side of him that has never been
witnessed and one that brings him down to our level.
I don't know what that down to our level means.
I don't know what that is.
But see, I'm one of those people.
I'm like a real living and breathing person with the
emotions and feelings and whatever.
But there's some guys, a lot of guys out there,
the only nerve endings are on the end of their
your arm saying that those are the only nerve endings
that have any feelings, which is unfortunate.
For today's pull, I hate to admit I love home and garden
shows, cottage cheese and good country music.
Oh, man, what can be better than listening to some good
country music, eating some cottage cheese, watching
the home and garden show?
Sounds exciting.
Let's see, I don't know if you're a pool building,
but how about, well, a lot of suggestions for this pull,
which can't hurt because maybe it'll bring down that I
hate this pull.
Remember, that's bad.
Right in the middle of the holidays,
it's a slap and a half face.
All right, 15.5%.
I hate this pull.
That's bad.
You don't do bad pull on the show, man.
Plain slot machines.
Oh, okay, that's not bad.
Josh can relate to that, although you wouldn't admit to it
because you don't love playing slot machines,
but if you did, although why should that be a closet thing?
What do you mean?
I guess because people like you create these stereotypes
of all those old parts that sit there feeding the machines
all the way up.
That's who play, man.
Get out of here.
You're full of baloney, man.
You're telling you, and you get out.
Okay, what do you say?
You're the expert.
You would get out of here.
That's how it relates to five minutes.
You might see a couple of people that would find that walk by
that are young, that are given a shot like me.
Maybe it's from 40 bucks in there.
Wrong.
It falls view in Niagara Falls, which is a real casino
with 3,000 slot machines and all the table games
and everything else.
There's tons of young people,
especially like at night around the weekend or holidays.
You gotta understand if you go to any casino
in the middle of the daytime, who's gonna be there?
Old people.
Right.
Retires.
Old, decrepit parts looking for a little few laughs like me,
you know.
That's who's gonna be there.
But if you go there in the evening,
and in fact, even the daytime, there are plenty of young people
in there.
What the hell they're doing,
and where they got that money, I have no idea.
They're probably doing drug deals.
Who knows?
I'll have to ask.
1,000 to 11 votes on a poll,
it's not even 11 o'clock yet.
Boy, that really puts a big feather in everybody's cap.
I'll get to your Maddie Bell, stir in a minute.
But there's a little more on Miss USA.
I think she's a little bit more important
than Maddie Bell or Greg Reed.
I could be wrong about that, but I think more guys
in the audience are hanging on the edge of their seat
with an update for Miss USA.
They're worried about ugly Greg Reed
and short little quizzling Maddie Bell.
Well, Miss USA suffered the same fate as many in a premise.
Your fire did it from Donald Trump and asks.
Your fire did it.
The Miss Universe organization owned by Trump at NBC
Skates will a news conference today to discuss
Miss USA terror connoisse come under fire.
And they'd report she had not,
she had visited bars when she wasn't yet 21.
Conor turned 21 yesterday,
the legal drinking age in New York.
In a statement last week, the organization's president Paula
Am-Sugar said officials would evaluate Conor's behavioral
and personal issues.
Also check to see if those movies are real.
To see what we can do to work with her,
what we will do about her rain going forward.
And interesting enough, it says her rain, R-E-I-I-G-N.
Her rain going forward and she's pictured here
carrying an umbrella.
And that interesting, you see the plan words there?
Miss USA is considered a role model
and her conduct must be flecked at Miss Universe
organization's spokeswoman,
Larkmory Antons said last week,
behavior such as underage drinking
is clearly prohibited, she said.
Trump to claim the discussion of behavior last week,
but said if Conor did get the boot,
first to run her up Miss California to Mico Nash
would take over as Miss USA.
We have to make a decision, he said there's no question
to boot that.
A telephone message to offer Conor
with a grandma wasn't returned last week.
Or in that sweet, she's with her grandma.
Conor, a five foot five blonde,
has been competing in pageant since she was four years old,
kind of like John Bene.
After winning the US A-Taggle in April,
she finished fourth in the Miss Universe pageant in July.
I'm an easy going down to Earth girl Conor,
sat in her contestant profile.
Throughout my life hardships and different experiences
may be a very humble yet strong individual.
It's because of these life lessons
I become the person I am today, with big boobs.
In 2002, Miss Russia,
Oxana Fedorova won the Miss Universe pageant,
but was stripped of her title after violating her contract.
From said Fedorova didn't show up for some photo shoots
and cheerity events, it was the first time a title
would have been housed in the contest
more than 50 year history.
Never trust those Russian chicks, Josh.
Okay.
We had Miss Universe from Russia that was a total disaster
and we fired the dirtier and Miss Panama took over.
She did great, Trump said.
Fedorova denied that she was fired
since she gave up the title voluntarily.
But if we'd fed her, we'd put it about.
So there you go, there's the latest.
At least it's gone under the British or Paris
or brain gelina or any of that stuff.
Everybody just relax with the, you know,
what are we expecting from these bimbos
who are in pageants, you know?
They're sluts.
Let's go, they're just party girls.
So that's all with that.
Yeah, just let them be.
Who does it like a good slut?
Friendly slut.
Right?
Thousand and twenty votes on the pool.
Let's see, playing slots don't have any votes.
Kind of cheeses go.
Well, no, who would, one would admit that?
You like kind of cheese?
I used to, I don't like it anymore.
I just, it's just something I never would buy.
I mean, in other words, if it was something,
I went into a restaurant
or did like a steak and they had like a little cottage cheese
on the side.
I would eat it.
I don't dislike it.
Yeah, but I went into the supermarket.
I shared this all over the home.
A thing of cottage cheese.
Oh, man, to me, that's like vanilla ice cream.
That's worse.
But then again, there must be some people out there
who have, you know, speaking of, of nerve endings,
they have no taste buds.
Their taste is in their toosh.
So evidently, those are the people I like of vanilla ice cream.
And then another big one is butter pecan.
What is the big, semi-sweet butter?
Now butter crunch.
See, I'm, I'm, I'm enough for toffee.
I don't know about you.
Anything with toffee in it?
I like coffee.
Have you ever had like, briars coffee ice cream?
How about better than that?
How about Ben and Jerry's coffee toffee crunch?
I've heard about that.
You haven't had that?
No.
How about you, Chris?
No, sir.
You're not an ice cream guy?
I like ice cream.
Not a big coffee ice cream or drink or something.
Coffee toffee crunch, man.
Forget about the coffee part.
Coffee toffee crunch.
It'll set you free.
It'll keep you really occupied all afternoon, too, by the way.
I can imagine.
It'll keep you real close to home.
How are we doing on that pool?
We got, that's right, way over 1,000 already.
How come I keep flipping that thing over there
and breaking quinn keeps coming off the edge of the screen
around it?
You know what I mean?
Are you going to put Tom up now that he's single?
I'm not going to put Tom Brady on my screen, Saber.
OK, I've got that really, you know, on our, on our
my space page is it on my space or are we going to pray?
I think it's on my space page.
I have Tom Brady video.
It's just cute.
It's fun for me.
All the people obsessed with Tom Brady.
All you guys, too, like that.
He's, you know, I love him.
He's a great quarterback and he looks still looks very good.
But I have no sexual, you know, I mean, if he walked in here
right now and said he was very despondent because he broke
up with his girlfriend, I would do him right in the middle
of the show.
No problem, you know.
But he's not, I mean, he's not on the same physically.
He's not on the same league with Brady quinn.
OK, Tom Brady's got a pretty face, you know?
OK.
But the rest of them, I mean, he's, he's,
he's not, he's not well built.
From the chin down, he's a mess.
He's not my cup of tea, man.
And of course, you wouldn't know because you wouldn't look
at that.
Even though we got all these practically, that one naked picture.
Remember that one?
Yeah.
Locker room.
Now wait a minute.
Wasn't that, that wasn't really him, though, right?
It was him.
It was Adam Feneteria.
It was in a background that somebody was trying to listen.
I know Tom Brady when I see him naked.
OK, it was him.
I'll take your work point.
But he ain't no Brady quinn.
That's what I want.
And of course, I hope that filled the chronic phony
and facts your phylos and get upset because we mentioned both
Tom Brady and Brady quinn and Phil just
starts shaking and quitting when he hears those names.
On the same.
So calm down.
Calm down.
And we'll run.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
oh, no.
No.
Locker, lock, lock, lock, lock, lock, lock, lock, lock, lock.
Oh, my god.
On gray, south.
I want to quit.
Absolutely.
You ain't seen no head like Brady quinn.
Lock, lock, lock, lock, lock, lock, lock, lock, lock, lock, lock, lock, lock, lock, lock.
These are football players do.
The sound is well and neat.
The kind of guy that I want to do that's good to know to eat.
I want to hear people go on a date.
But there's no chance at all.
And so does the way he is sportsquins.
If I want to see him grab the balls.
No way.
Wow.
Look out that kid.
You ain't seen no head like Brady quinn.
I got a high there, baby screen.
That helps me see his bones.
I can do what I want to.
But I ain't got a head against none.
No, the days of a visit school.
OK?
That's not so great.
But I'm just gonna know that it's not neat.
At least until he's 28.
All right.
I'm great.
Now, I want some quinn.
You ain't seen no head like Brady quinn.
No.
Oh, baby, wow.
Look out that kid.
You ain't seen no head like Brady quinn.
Overweighting news conference on the fate of the reign
of Miss US, a rating that it's breaking news, man.
Speaking of Brady.
He is pretty hot, yeah.
As your wallpaper, this terror corners replacing mine.
Although I mean, I just just shown a close up of the face.
She's, I don't know, a little puffy.
Yeah, you Google it.
There's some goodness.
Oh, she looks really good there.
But there again, see, are you watching CNN?
I'm sure you're not.
No, I'm not.
I'm positive with that.
Well, there was a picture.
It looked like her cheek got out.
I got it out.
Well, she had the mumps or something.
There she looks OK like normal cheek.
I know you'd like to see her cheeks, but that's beside the point.
Can I get to something a little bit more serious?
Then we got to get into your whole mighty bell thing.
We got to take a zillion calls.
I don't think there's going to be a lot of calls the rest of the week.
I could be wrong.
And then next week I'll be on vacation in Georgia.
We're here.
I'll be having a lot of important lunches.
And then I'll make up stories about the good calls we got.
So let me ask you again.
What do you leave in the show?
The news meeting might spend time talking about success.
It's a Senator Tim Johnson, but some of the South Dakota Democratic confidence
dad will go back to work.
Thank God for that, man.
We don't need the fascists to take control of the Senate back because this poor guy is
ill.
And that's the easiest question for me to answer.
It said Brendan Johnson.
The second oldest child of Tim and Barbara Johnson.
From my conversation with the doctor is based on the progress he's been making.
I feel very confident that he's going to be getting back to work sooner rather than
later.
It was the first interview given by Johnson family members since the senator was hospitalized.
He's in the 13 with stroke five symptoms followed by brains.
Heard George Washington University Medical Center in Washington.
Brendan Johnson says I mean, one thing about Brady Quinty, you know what's his name?
They're in Garbar, Joe Hanson.
What tells his name?
Joe, Joey, I haven't heard him.
I can't even think of his name anymore.
He's so bad.
Joey Harrington, bad, pathetic.
Brendan Johnson's head, his conclusions came from talking with doctors.
Also seeing how his father has done neurological exams.
It's also knowing my father and the idea of him missing a single day of work little
and we used to work is going to be very difficult for him to swallow.
He said like many other people in South Dakota, as soon as he can be back, he'll be back.
That's what Tim Johnson said.
I'll be back.
He didn't say quite like that, but he tried.
A waiting a news conference on the rate of Miss USA with those big, gigantic bazoongas,
865 members that are our friends on our Myspace page.
865 friends.
And I think these are all friends, really some of them.
I notice now there are people who like apply to be friends on there because I'm starting
to get involved because Miguel's got other things to do, like chase certain people around
the building.
But like there's one that says this profile is no longer, it's got the big extra, you
know, no picture.
Right.
Deleted, deleted.
And says this profile no longer exists.
Right.
That's people that got sick of Myspace.
What do you mean by that?
In other words, they canceled their profile.
Well, I know somebody who did that, but who cares?
But in other words, they canceled us and we canceled them.
No, no.
I mean, you can go on and cancel whoever you want.
I mean, you can go in the settings and, you know, adjust.
So he could have just set his profile private to you personally and, you know, everybody
else, you know, could see him.
He's talking about Jacob again or you obsessed with poor Jacob.
Why can't you leave him alone?
It sounds to me like you're jealous.
I never offered you for you in my will.
I am, man.
Totally.
Sounds like real jealousy to me.
Two years, man.
You knew a friend.
Admittedly, an act of sheer lunacy on my part, you know, but we all make mistakes.
We're all emotional beings and at the right time and the wrong time, well, you make some
kind of a gesture with the best of intentions, of course.
And it's like, oh, geez, you know, what is a crazy person?
And I will admit, I was a crazy person for about two weeks.
But I'm back to abnormal.
Thanks to my good friend Moishy there in Dave County.
That's kind of unusual.
I'm very lucky.
Wasn't that a propitious thing that I stuck that blackberry on my nightstand last night?
I never put it there.
Ever.
Now, ever.
Is there reason for like the 330 thing?
I mean, it's not like we're on different times.
You know, I don't really know.
Okay.
But I was just woke up and I was like, oh, let me return it.
No big deal.
330 in the morning.
I didn't know what that was.
And I reached over and I grabbed the blackberry and I clicked the thing and I saw
their two messages and I saw who they were from and I thought, and of course, you don't
know if somebody contacts you in the middle of the night.
Maybe they couldn't sleep.
Maybe they got their own issues, which he obviously does.
My close personal good friend who's a good guy and doesn't deserve to be screwed over
by anybody in his family or anybody else.
And neither do I for that matter.
Okay.
What's all that I ever do to anybody?
I ever steal a freight train.
I never even got into a loose caboose.
Who the Donald is making the announcement.
Oh, here we go.
For our current Miss USA, Tara Conner.
Yeah.
Not been easy.
Paul, as you guard all of the representatives of Miss Universe and Miss USA have been
working very, very hard on a very, very difficult problem.
Yeah, very, very bad here.
And very, very proud.
In 2002.
Yeah.
I fired.
Oksana, Fedorov.
You fired it.
It was the universe.
It was the universe.
It was like you got purple hair.
She didn't do her job.
She was a very beautiful woman.
Did not do her job.
And it was an easy thing for me to do.
In the case of Tara, she made some very, very bad choices.
Some foolish choice.
Oh my God.
And she will readily admit she made some mistakes.
Oh my God.
Some of those mistakes were bad mistakes.
I've just met for a pretty long period of time with Tara.
All of these things.
We talked about a lot of things.
I've been.
And to be honest, I expected fairly routinely that we would be terminating Tara as Miss USA.
Oh.
And after speaking to her, I saw not only a beautiful young woman that was.
It was hard to be an offering.
Couldn't refuse.
I'm sorry.
I saw somebody that had a good heart that really, really tried.
She left the small town in Kentucky.
And she was telling me that she got caught up in the whirlwind that's New York.
Right.
That's a good excuse.
Good.
I was in South Dakota.
She wore everything.
Well, she was a real class act.
Now she's in New York.
She's a class a story that's happened many times before.
Sure.
Before many women and to many men that came to the big apple.
They wanted their slice of the big apple.
It was out.
It wasn't so we don't know that already when that stupid purple here.
I've always been.
Yeah.
A belief.
Her cartoon character from Christy.
That was his money.
He's got to have purple here.
I've always been.
Tara is a good person.
Yeah.
I'm not.
Tara has tried hard.
I want kind of what kind of agreement they came to.
Tara is going to be given another chance.
Of course.
Yeah.
All right.
I'm glad.
Hey, I'm clapping.
Young people.
They have a tough road.
See, there you are.
Now, I'm so glad that this happened.
You don't know her from Adam's apple.
Hey, she's hot.
Well, there you go.
That's all it's party.
Exactly.
There you go.
I don't even need to meet her.
I rest my case.
And you're giving me crap for like getting obsessed with somebody on the internet.
Although mine was not a sexual attraction, yours obviously is.
So therefore, I'm like at least a several pegs higher on the human Richter's skin.
Well, I haven't put Tara in the will yet.
But maybe we can come up with an agreement like the Donald Day.
I'm sure you would.
If you had anything to leave, I'm sure you'd leave her a chunk of it.
Which isn't going to sit really well with that Russian girlfriend, yours.
You better start making amends right now.
Well, anyway, can I get back to this thing, this profile no longer exists?
And this is see, I don't understand it because it's somebody who was, they were, I don't
get it.
That means they either believe in their profile.
No, but this is not a male thing.
In other words, this is somebody who sent a message and they've been deleted.
Yeah, you know, I've been getting that myself.
I don't, I don't understand that.
It says the profiler we see this message from has been deleted either this usually
deleted their own profile or my space deleted for spamming and or constant violations to remove
this message, click the delete button below.
And so now it's in my trash bin, but in other words, this was in the mail.
In other words, somebody was sending us something.
Now, why would there be somebody who would have deleted us and they're sending us something?
Well, maybe, maybe we need to delete them.
You get a lot of spam emails these days on my space.
You do?
Yeah, I mean, I've gotten, you know, the only ones that I've gotten are, maybe we need
to call the spaminator.
That's right.
Or the terminator.
You know, you get like a hot chick and you're like, oh, who's that?
And you click on the profile and send you to some porn site.
Really?
Yeah.
You can link that off.
It's easy, you know?
A good one?
No, no.
Anyway, speaking of that, I just, when you relax, it's just, oh, we never got to while you're
meeting it.
Well, I tell you, talking about really milking it for hours and hours, this has been
great.
I think I've turned the corner mentally and emotionally, psychologically, career wise, sounds pretty good
on it.
I'll tell you one thing.
When you've been, when you've been pouring out four hours of BS every day for all the
years that I've been pouring out, it comes easy, man.
You just, just went and dialed, opened your mouth into pores right out, just like Linda
Blair and the exorcist.
I hate to admit that I love porn 311.
I don't, I just don't understand that.
Why that's doing so well.
What's, what's to admit?
It's like saying, I hate to admit that I'm human.
Yeah, right?
I hate this pool 167.
That went up to 15.7%.
A curse on those people, man.
A pox on you.
Neoroges 132.
They love me like crazy.
From a distance, from a safe distance, far, far away.
Boy, look at the way the sun is shining.
It's beautiful, man.
Antiques, Rochelle 98.
Talk radio 83.
I love an ice cream.
It's 77 and we feel so bad about that.
The carpenter's 68.
Dog the bounty, 151.
Musicals 43.
Nilsett Act XIV.
MySpace 7.
Be very, very, very careful.
I'm wondering right now.
Be real wary on MySpace.
Even Josh Cordis warned that you get to lock the in, man.
You get hooked on that thing and all of a sudden your life is more than dime.
Hate to admit I love country music for.
I would hate to have to buy, hated.
Cottage C's III, Home in Garden Show's III, Road Rage I, and playing slots so far has
God.
Oh, I might want anybody hate to have maintained joy there.
Maybe Harry from Detroit will vote for that eventually if he finally gets on this thing.
If he can figure out how, well, he obviously can because he's a MySpace person, how do we
put golf on the pool?
Ooh, when I'm hearing his two places, no, actually he's got three places to go.
I haven't mentioned the third one yet.
Here's your girlfriend.
And...
Ow!
No!
She's not in all pasting circuit of the dance, mate.
Andrea?
Come on, Zayka.
They will be doing drug testing, yes.
They'll be doing drug testing, yes.
This is really getting ponderous.
I thought this was going to be the exciting part of it.
Well, until the...
The darling on the podium is appropriately...
Exactly, which way it was going to go.
And there's Tarris and I had a lot of people...
...of sorts to ask me.
The...
...equation.
I mean, a lot of people...
Look, she's winking at people in the crowd.
I don't think winking, honey, is the appropriate way.
This is not the appropriate time to be winking and blinking and nodding and...
...winking at people in the crowd.
She's winking at me.
She was not winking at you.
Or you must be dreaming.
I thought I was the one that was a crazy person.
I think she had an eyelash in her eye.
That's what it was.
Yeah, that must be it.
She had a style in her eye and her eye on some guy's fly.
I can solar her.
I felt that in there.
She don't look good.
I'll tell you right now.
She looks...
She doesn't look good there.
What?
That's great.
Listen, not...
Listen, I want you to listen to this, okay?
You're gay and I'm telling you that that woman is fine.
Deny, we were that before.
I just said right there right now.
See, you're in denial.
Right there right now.
She's not looking so good.
She's looking pasty and in the bag, honey.
She probably is both.
No, she's not looking so good.
Yeah, she is.
Although I will say this, she doesn't have that puffed up right cheek like she did before
and I won't clip this show.
I want to come well.
She's still got huge boobies, but she's got this outfit on her.
There's no way...
She's got...
She's covering a whole deal up here.
She's wearing like a man's hat.
That's a professional woman thing, girl.
Maybe Tom Brady's going after Miss USA now.
Maybe that's why he dumped that other bride.
Huh?
Think that...
Do you think that's in the cards?
Could be.
He could get her.
Now, where the hell did she just go?
She just...
Oh, there she goes.
She went and got something.
Little something, something.
Oh, she's got her Miss USA thing.
It's coming back on again.
Okay.
Any other question?
Is this...
This is like...
This is a little ridiculous.
Yeah, it's so ridiculous.
She goes over like a...
She goes over like a...
She comes back and takes the Miss USA...
Whatever you call that thing.
Sash.
Sash and puts the sash over her ass over her shoulder.
You're never going to prevent it.
That's why she's not...
She's looking dark.
She's looking like...
I don't know.
Not that good.
Yeah.
We should all look so dark.
A quarter of a sudden I want to see the evidence of her in Miss Tinoa's A Kissing.
I thought I was the old pervert.
Not today.
I hate to admit I love her.
1778 votes.
Wonderful.
We're going to do a number today, man.
Mark Hittown.
We're going to do a number.
I'm just so distracted by the fact that she looked so...
And one clip, man.
She looked really phenomenal.
And she's been very...
She's...
No, she doesn't look...
She looks...
I don't know.
Like in the bag.
No.
In the L-seco.
It was just crying and she looked great.
What she was just crying, how do you know that?
I've been watching it ever since I turned it on.
I saw her give the speech while she was crying.
Oh, I see.
It was that Miss part of this thing.
Well, then why didn't you alert me for crying out loud?
You should have interrupted all these desperate guys out there.
They don't want to hear me reading about...
What are you talking about?
Harry on the MySpace.
They want to hear her crying.
My God, they probably be rubbing their kneecap.
Now she looks...
I don't know.
And anyway, there she is.
She's on your TV right now.
And the Donald is there.
And I tell you one thing, she looks better than him.
Oh, man.
The God, it's got millions and millions, maybe even billions of dollars.
And this guy can't afford it like...
He better go see Chuck Alphierry.
Give him the number.
No charge for you, Donald.
Purple hair.
I mean, is that the new deal out?
Like wild colors?
Who knows?
I thought that was like a...
Yeah, you know, guys that died there, her purple and red and stuff like that.
Oh, now here come all the camera men and the cameras are flashing and like...
I'll keep that it will sit them up and there you go.
What a corn ball of presentation, you know.
I mean, I'm sure you're happy with the outcome but...
The presentation.
Okay, let's get to the important stuff.
Let's forget about Terra Conor and stuff like that.
He's faultful, Tade.
Let's get to the big meeting with many about Greg Read and Josh Cortes yesterday
about his future with the Beacon blockchain.
A drum roll, no left.
How do you like that?
And?
You know, it was a very uncomfortable situation.
Yeah.
As I knew it would be.
I had to go in there and just break him down the situation at hand.
Yeah.
I did that.
Did you tell me they didn't have any business offering you a job on the other side of the building?
Wondering around the building, trying to take away Cuban employees and trying to like play with your emotions.
But you should have said thanks anyway.
Because Joe Bell nasty didn't thanks to you at making a big bus now.
I did not say that.
And thanks to Neil not making a big deal about it so that you don't wind up having to stay on the show
and making much less money.
Which I'm all for you making all that they can give you.
I'm all for the talent, you know, which in your case.
No, but seriously, I'm all for you.
We're getting whatever you can get out of them.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome.
And you're not in my will, regardless.
Come on, not even a little.
No.
Why don't all the pants on?
Maybe I'll work till I croak.
Maybe I'll work another several years.
Maybe I'll have millions and millions and millions and millions.
And actually, you should just go out now.
So I'll be like your last producer or, you know, the last port on.
You know, you remind me of one of my good close personal friends who when I suggested him a couple days ago that I was thinking about retiring.
He started giving me a lecture and I said,
the only reason you want me to retire is because you're afraid I'm going to blow all the money I got and then leave you squat.
And he just laughed, you know.
I mean, great guy and a good friend, but nevertheless, you know, this is what everybody's mind.
What, where did this start?
Where did this come from?
About everybody thinking that you want to, I want to piece of my money.
Are you kidding?
I know, I started.
Yes.
No, but I mean, what, what did that have to do with anybody else?
Well, your little mishap on basically just all of you.
It wasn't a mishap.
It was a misjudgment.
It was getting over emotional.
It was the time of the year.
I thought it would be a really nice gesture to somebody who obviously was extending the hand of friendship and wanted to be a part of my close-knit family.
And when it was feeding me all kinds of nonsense, who is, who is inevitably what he pretends to be.
And what I told you, I said I was obsessed with a person who doesn't really exist.
Yes.
And then this is the internet for it.
This is my space and other places on the internet.
There are people on there and you can confagulate with them and email them back and forth and have all kinds of, you know, communication.
And you think you know the person, but you don't.
That's why I'm telling you, this is a fantasy life, this whole internet business today.
Which may be fine for a bunch of pumps and like, you know, nobody ever got a sexually transmitted disease from cyber sex or whatever you want to call it.
But the fact of the matter is it's just socially unacceptable.
But if it makes you happy, have a good time.
But you want me to apologize for becoming emotional and offering to put somebody in my will and granted it was premature evaluation.
But it was done with the best of intentions.
Okay? Okay.
And now everybody in their brother wants to either be in the will or tell me who I should leave it to.
Oh, you got to take care of George. That was another part I want to hear you some messages from Saturday about how I got to take care of George.
And he's been the Ed McMahon to the show for all these years.
I think George said it best the last week. He's out taking good care of him for 16 years.
I've kept him with livelihood and the fact that they don't pay him a squat and I'm not going to do about that.
But I've done him well. I've had nothing poorly by George.
And he knows that.
And he does know that and he appreciates it and I appreciate everything he does too.
I'm not a hard ass. I appreciate things people do.
But at any rate, 26 to there you go.
You updated, only took an hour and a half. Updated and on virtually everything.
This is becoming definitely a soap opera.
When this whole thing started a couple weeks ago and people said,
this is like as the warm turns or something like that, like a soap opera.
And life is like a soap opera.
Or maybe it's more like a body wash opera.
The biggest name, so best talent.
If this is real rock, it goes for 20 or 560s.
You AM.
At Fanny is so large, I don't think he has ever seen the butt master machine in his life.
Well, Buffalo has a football team, the greatest in the land.
And everybody thinks they're great.
I'm a great daily young.
The Buffalo Bill's on a number one.
See what I mean?
So just sing a little.
When you say my amy, when you say Buffalo Superbook,
and you're at that Buffalo Bounce.
Buffalo Bounce.
The greatest team in the history of the human race.
And a Buffalo Bounce.
The greatest team.
Since sliced bread and canned beer.
Yeah, there you go.
And you're jazzed up that redneck stuff.
They listen to that banjo.
Holy sweet god listen to that.
When you say Buffalo Bill's, it don't sound so rednecky, do it.
Everybody sing along now.
Are you Bill Fands?
Here we go.
Where are the Buffalo Bill's at the best team?
They have the best record over the last five years.
And they went to the Super Bowl for a time which is more than I can say for this scum-socking fish.
And they're at the greatest.
Like I believe like their uniforms.
They sure is hell beat the heck out of having a fish on the Helmacus stand up.
Buffalo Whole Bills.
The best football team.
What I ever seen in the history of my life they are at.
Buffalo Bills.
The Buffalo Bills.
The whole of Jim Kelly the greatest quarterback in the league.
Yeah, everybody that Buffalo Bills.
They're the Buffalo Bills.
And they've been around longer than the stinkin' rotten fish.
Well, they're the Buffalo Bills.
Buffalo Bills.
What would you rather have as a pet a Buffalo or a fish?
Oh yeah, that's Joey Harrington man.
He is really doing a joy-headed and you're right by the way and I was wrong.
She looked really fine when it came back with a childhood show to my new girl.
There you go, you coming to your senses.
Well, I was just telling you she looked really bad standing next to him.
I mean, you just got sort of offensive and psychotic about it.
Thank you for looking at the Donald.
She didn't look good.
She looked really dark and maybe she had cried away all the pancake make-up and she looked bad.
No, she didn't.
Right, they're just nice.
She looked just as fine as wine.
She looked as close to perfection as you can get.
All of this is pretty as pretty as Brady Quinn, not quite.
But nevertheless, tweets it's own.
I think thanks to my new penpal, Meshie, that see this is somebody at least I know is not going to go and pull a vanishing act and disappear
and is going to be coming up here next month and with his girlfriend unfortunately but nevertheless.
And you know, brought me out of my deep depression.
People can like be human with each other.
They can actually help because a lot of people have had these experiences.
And of course, I knew when I started talking about all this crap on the air,
I was going to get a lot of garbage from the morons out there.
But you know something, even without talking about this,
what do we get from the morons out there?
A lot of garbage, one way or the other.
So what do I care?
Stupid crap from stupid people.
118 votes on the pool.
I hate to admit that I love porn 324.
We know you do.
I hate this pool 170, 15.3%.
That just tears my guts out.
Just when I thought that they were all healed up again and somebody reaches in there again with a shoe
and just starts twisting your kish-kish-kish again.
I think we have a bit called twisted kish-kish.
Here we do.
Just in time for Tannuka, maybe we got twisted kish-kish.
I hate to admit I love Neil Rogers 139.
Well, there you go.
Antique Roadshow 100, Talk Radio 6088, vanilla ice cream 79.
I feel so bad for you people.
The Carpenter 68, the Ogdebouni 157, Musicals 44, Niel Sudaka 16, MySpace 7.
Don't get too involved, okay?
There are people on there who are looking to do evil things to your heart and your brain and your feet and your...
Home and Garden Show is 5.
Cut your music for Cutage Cheese 3, Road Rage 3, and playing the slots, find the guy 1.
Probably Stuttering and Gill.
Who else if that sent that in?
I think it was Stuttering and Gill.
Oh no, he did the thing with the Road Rage.
Yeah, who said Tain the Slot?
Someone on him is a goofball.
5670560, pound 560, and a Verizon singer around the Slime could have gotten on 50,000 really good calls between now and two.
You'll see.
Although you don't believe me, do you?
No.
You'll see. Well, I'll have at least a couple.
Maybe even Harry from Detroit will call him, but I sure hope not.
In between back-end and golfing outings.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Hey, Niel. I was watching Saturday Night Live.
They had a boom in the box on there.
Uh-huh.
And where they were, you know, I've been most of your listeners, I don't know what a boom in the box is.
Yeah.
But they were doing a big skid on the boom, the box is not with boom, but with the boxes and the thing that they put in the boxes.
I see. When the Brad Pitt was on a South off stage, you know, what's in the box?
I see.
Wow.
Do you follow any of that?
What?
No, well, you even know what the boom in the box thing is, do you?
We had an eye-wet set.
Of course.
They had a bad boom with a cardboard box.
Yeah, I think so.
Both the boxes.
Yeah, he's got it on his thing as a matter of fact.
He's got a stunt pack boom thing.
W-Q-Y-M, hello.
M-G-N.
W-Q-Y-M, hello.
Neil, what were you doing?
Okay, sir.
Great.
And for the poll, I just want to put the food channel in general.
I have a great ice cream flavor for you from Hagen Doth.
Yeah.
It's called caramel cone.
I've seen that.
I never tried that.
Oh, it's good.
It's great, great, great.
Yeah, you might not like it because the monster is like vanilla ice cream, right?
Oh, okay.
Like I said, okay.
What did you say first?
The food channel in general.
Food channel.
Okay.
Thanks, Pally.
All right.
Never happy.
Okay.
Don't be giving me no more ice cream flavors.
Please, okay.
Don't be doing that.
Coffee toffee crunch is pretty good.
I said the other day that since fish food Ben and Jerry's has been the stricken out of that.
That's one that came since fish food and it's very good.
Coffee toffee crunch.
You don't like coffee, though.
And I'm not a coffee drinker because it just explodes my inner.
But I do like coffee toffee crunch.
In fact, I might just go, maybe I'll get a pint right now and eat it while I'm on the air.
I'll pop it my microwave for about 90 seconds.
Get it down to it and I have like a nice, almost a liquid form, you know.
And drink it.
See, I'm not into that.
Into what?
I like me nice frozen, you know, hard ice cream.
I don't like throwing it in the mic.
Do you ever get a pint of ice cream like a convenience store or a market anywhere?
No.
I buy briars with the big tub, you know.
Because when you go and buy those pints, they're like they are rock solid.
That's the way I like it, though.
You get a full of them.
You can't eat it that way.
Why would you do that?
You take a hacksaw?
Yeah, that's right.
I like the, you know, tastes better to me.
Okay, whatever you say.
When you leave it?
WQIM, hello.
Nelly.
Yes, sir.
Hey, what's the deal?
Hey, what do you got?
There's a special election going on in day county today in district 13, or are you aware of it?
No.
Don't know.
Don't care.
It's a recall vote for Natasha,
a season.
Okay, whatever you say.
5667-0560,
pound 560, and leave Verizon,
see you at a wireless light.
Don't know.
I don't care.
How's that?
I mean, I don't want to put that guy down, but it, talk about boring, you know what I'm saying?
See, I don't know about you, but I'm thinking that my sitting here, we know these stupid ass bedtime stories about stuff that nobody cares about.
As opposed to all of this personal foolishness that all of us have been talking about lately, you know, people much rather hear that.
Not that I want to experience it or roll through it, you know, but I mean, just, people are much more fascinated by that.
Of course, that's why, that's why, let's see, I'm well today's two days, so in a couple of days it'll be Thursday,
like, I'm not the world keeps spinning around.
So two weeks ago, Thursday, that showed that I didn't all these people, oh, that was the best show you ever did.
That was one of the greatest show, why is that?
Why is that?
Because I admitted to a little humanity and nerve endings and sensibility on the air, like, there was a test with you, man, and they just, they want to know what's going on with you.
You had yourself a moment, and you sure?
I didn't have a moment.
Oh, I said I'm not a moment.
A two weeks of lunacy and sanity.
Oh, I think it was a self hypnosis, you know, and again, my luck, my bad luck, I don't want to rehash you.
Six billion people in the world, Jacob, there are six billion people.
There is the one that could have got me reduced me to an emotional cripple, and you're asking, well, why is that?
I don't know, see if I knew the answer to that, I would have a billion dollars, and then I would leave him my will, I'd give you about 50 bucks.
I don't know, but that's my luck.
That's why it goes, when things are meant to happen, in other words, even the repositive or negative way, they're going to happen.
It's bushered, that's what the Chinese say, it's bushered.
Did we hear the Chinese say that?
No, you won't.
How are we doing on the pool?
Let's not start getting back, and see you want to keep going back, and let's move forward, okay, not backward.
Let's plot ahead.
Although I will not be putting my blackberry next to my bed anytime again soon.
That was strange.
Yeah, that must be part of my psychic powers again, because, I mean, ordinarily, over the course, although I will say that some spam stuff does come through in the middle of the night.
New people of the hero, stop sending spam mail at 4.30 in the morning, okay, you morons.
Because I left the thing on, because I had no idea whether we were through confabulating my friend and I at that hour in the morning, and we were.
We had sent back and forth a couple of her.
Very emotional and long, and we did wonders for each other, isn't that sound very corny?
Yes.
In our time of emotional need.
Well, he's a good guy.
You know, and also looks pretty good, but he knows it.
See, this is one person you would know better than to mess around with, but nevertheless.
He doesn't have to worry about that.
1125 votes on the pool, and somebody finally voted for playing slots.
They hate to admit it, but they love the slots.
Take that and put that in your backgammon pipe, Harry.
You're my hero.
I hate the big guy just today.
Boy, try to boyfriend Harry.
You hate him.
Hill, God.
Oh, no, don't go in there.
You hear my stomach, my boy?
Oh, he's wobbling.
I know what I thought.
People hitting bones from work, late one night, when they fall behind on a fast food line.
They pulled in and gave their order to the girl, and the next thing to know, they started to hurt her.
And not go out.
There's some extra bloat.
And not go out.
Her burning inside their throat.
It had a smell.
That's when they started to blow.
Not feeling well.
When the beanberry toe.
It must have been the curse that used to be our.
It's causing all of this diarrhea.
But none of this thick are going to die.
They've just had a case of equal life from not go out.
There's some extra bloat.
It's not gone out.
Her burning inside their throat.
It had a smell.
That's when they started to blow.
Not feeling well.
From the beanberry toe.
It should have skipped the damn shallupa.
Your might not have made but super.
Next time you pass the fine, they know.
Even though it's grilled.
So it's good to go.
Lots of people got to be able to wish that they owned a gun.
So they could hunt down the people who think outside the bomb.
The pain from the crams they felt deep in their gut.
So next time they'll just go to be the hot.
Not not go out.
There's some excited to blow.
From time go out.
Her burning inside their throat.
It had a smell.
That's when they started to blow.
Not feeling well.
From the beanberry toe.
It's good to blow.
The cold and darkened bell.
147, 13 to the blue.
It's 560 WQA.
I'm happy.
Hanukkah.
And Mary Christmas.
It's that all these things.
All these things.
A new poll from Newsweek.
Casement-Risting Data on Hillary Clinton's electability.
According to the poll, Hillary beats John McCain.
50 to 43 percent.
Squids by Rudy Giuliani.
48 to 47 percent.
And trounces the anxious mid-Romney.
58 to 32 percent.
Her presumptive rival, Barack Obama,
nearly loses to McCain and Giuliani.
But Trump's Romney is well 55 to 25.
It's important to take this poll and everyone you'll see
until Labor Day with the grain of salt it says.
Remember when Giuliani was atop the O4 field?
Or how her dean was at 1 percent?
The public was very little about candidates like Obama and Romney.
No one can predict exactly how a Hillary candidacy will play.
Or whether Obama can live up to the hype.
That said, Hillary's leadover McCain is interesting because of what it says about him.
In previous polls, the senator from Arizona is handling defeated his Democratic opponents.
But in recent months his numbers have begun to fall.
Among independent voters, he's slept 15 points since March.
You know, that's John McCain who never met a war they didn't like.
He's got a puffed-up cheek.
Maybe he could go cheek-to-cheek with the what's your name there?
Missa, you want to say?
Oh, no.
Even McCain is...
What a grotesque thought that is.
Talk about tainted goods.
Even McCain admits that only 15 to 18 percent of Americans support his plan to isolate the winner rack by sending more troops.
Once more Americans learn about his dog and support for the war and busy courtship of the religious right,
they may form a different opinion of the so-called maverick and discover he's a sell-out.
Total sell-out.
Let him doubt.
Watch John McCain sell-out.
Without a doubt.
5670560, pound 56 in the Verizon singular wireless lines.
WDQYM, hello.
I like fudge.
Not good. Good for you, Pally.
All right.
Congratulations.
5670560, and probably we ought to put that on there.
Maybe he's embarrassed about it.
I would be.
And pound 56 in the Verizon at the Fallsview, Cassino and Niagara.
And Niagara Falls, they have a... a fudge-replace.
Remember the fudge-re in the Bolingford, Columbine?
Yes.
Remember that woman that was working two jobs in Detroit?
And I guess one was in Pontiac and she was on the bus.
And then of course he tracked down Dick Clark out there in LA.
And we found out Dick Clark was a real...
And you know something Dick Clark had that major, major stroke and he's like,
like that.
Like a cucumber, like a fruit, like a vegetable.
WDQYM, hello.
QYM.
Stop.
WDQYM, hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
I'm good.
I know you're open Canada.
They don't have publics.
But have you seen any of those Ben and Jerry public exclusives?
No.
You should really try Haitian sensation.
Hmm.
5670560, pound 560 in the Verizon and Singular Riders Live.
WDQYM, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
I'm really bummed out about this.
It's America thing.
I thought she'd get fired.
Yeah, but she did not do that.
Because she was a few weeks away from a spread and playboy and plant a pen out.
Hey, listen, I'm going to tell you right now.
It's just a matter of days before the video comes out online.
Somebody will have it online.
A video or her in Miss Teen USA.
I'm searching for it as we speak.
Now, by two are.
Desperately.
Just frantically searching that maybe we can have somebody put it on our MySpace page.
If I find it, how's that sound?
If we find the video, we'll put it right on our MySpace page.
We'll put it on theariders.com and blow the thing out.
Look out, Eric.
We're going to blow the thing out.
Well, let's just tell everybody we found the video and put it on there.
We'll get 80 trillion hits on it.
We got the video of a Miss USA, Dylan Miss Teen USA, and VICE VERSI.
They're doing everything that's ever been invented and something's hadn't been discovered yet.
A bunch of perverts.
WDQYM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Now you've got a shameless request.
Is it Christmas?
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah, but the phone you've always said, okay, I've got a shameless request.
Lose the phone the accent.
I would have fated that if I was in the other room.
Are you starting to not Chris already?
Just because you think he's not up to a doing your job?
No, he just doesn't know the chronic voice is like I do.
Well, so why don't you give him like a the high sign, man?
Flip in the burr or something.
Like you just jump right up and start flange-relating.
Like your flap in your arms are going to take off and flight.
Do something.
Why, who was that?
That was a reverent friend.
It was?
Yeah.
He does that voice too.
Well, see you're more on top of it.
You're more in touch with him than I am.
When you're like jikers, there's a lot of touch.
WDQYM, hello.
I thought boom in the bar.
And the funny part of that is I believe it.
I'm sure of it.
56670560 and pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line.
The best news of all is that you're there and I'm here.
That's the best news of all.
Every time I think about that, every time I look out the window,
it puts a big smile on this ugly, old, tarnished,
push of mine.
How cold is it there?
It ain't too cold. WDQYM, hello.
Good morning.
It's been a good year since I talked to you.
Really?
Yeah, how you been?
It's 35 degrees as well.
It isn't. There's no wind.
So it's not really that cold.
I'm doing fine.
And how are you doing?
I'm doing good. I'm doing good.
I've been away for a year.
I just got back to show sounds as good as it used to in the old days.
In the golden days.
In the golden oldies, yeah.
Pull a piss and vinegar and anything else that goes along with it.
But anyway, just want to call and say hi.
See how you're doing and say you're doing a great job.
Okay. Have a great holiday.
Good day.
Okay. Wow.
How do you like that?
There was Paul Harvey Jr., who didn't even sound like himself,
but nevertheless, of course George is probably lucky too,
because George hates him like poison.
George's on vacation this week.
Paul Harvey Jr.
Phil, but that's Phil.
But not the same Phil.
We didn't get a fast from a chronic phony,
a faster Phil again, did we?
Did we?
No, we did not.
And I'm just mentioning that because I'm sure the audience is sitting on the collective
engines of their collective seats waiting for another update.
But probably phony facts are filled since we don't talk about him all the time
on the show.
Don't make a whole show about him.
He's probably not too pleased about that.
5670560, pound 562, the Verizon Singular wireless line.
I told you we get a lot of great calls today.
You were skeptical.
Like this one here.
QAM, hello.
Yeah, how's it going?
Okay, sir.
It's Pete, the old chronic fortoff.
Wow.
I just want to tell you, we should have the holidays.
And I'm a long time listening.
You know, we go way back.
Your chronic, Pete.
Not really.
Chronic.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I want you to think one word, backgammon, okay?
Think of that.
When you find something that has no life.
Always.
I mean, Pete's a good guy.
I have no life.
His mind.
He's obsessed with me and with the show.
He's obsessed.
Good guy, though.
He was your never turned on me.
I'll take it back.
Those who know me the best, they're just obsessed.
You know what I mean, you're obsessed.
Yeah.
Be very worried if people are obsessed with it.
Run the other way.
Change your underwear.
Change your shoe size.
Change your phone number.
Change your address.
Very, very often.
even more often than usual, I'd run like a son of a bitch.
Wouldn't you?
Yes.
And as far as the will thing is concerned,
I will say this.
I am going to put everybody in there for a little piece.
I'm just, you know, that would be the right thing to do.
This is a chicken egg, vocal brine.
You know, what's he going to do once I'm gone, huh?
Who the hell's going to keep his sorry ass alive?
Right?
Well, that's very nice of you.
So maybe I take like 300 grand out of there.
What's 300 grand when you make it a big bucks like I
am 300 grand, like George 150.
Now, I leave George 200.
See, and I didn't notice any response there,
because as George's number goes up,
that means everybody else's number goes down.
Listen, I'll just, yeah, I'll stay strong at that bitty.
You know, you just...
I'll be happy with that.
And what is Chris get out of this?
He hasn't even started yet.
Now, not leaving me my will, Chris.
I don't even know you.
That's OK.
Well, maybe if I get to know you, but I doubt it.
I know, seriously, 300, 200 for George,
maybe about 60 for a chicken neck and 40 for you.
Fair enough.
You'll take 40.
See, he was he wanted 50 before.
Now he's down to 40.
I bet he might even settle for...
Not 30 men!
And a surprise made.
The biggest name,
the best talent in the business,
wheel Rogers.
Be the 12-to-1 hour on WQA.
This year, bringing in the holiday season
with a voice that reigns as clear as a jingle bell.
It's a amazing, great Christmas.
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
I was ready!
I was ready!
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
Grammy award-winning vocalist,
Macy Gray, sings in a style that's beyond compare,
and a language that's beyond comprehension.
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
On a Macy Gray Christmas,
Macy sings all her you will type favorites like,
I dare you in your hand,
brought in your helmet,
and this indescribable classic.
Yeah!
Yeah!
You need a style that can be loud!
Oh, Macy Gray Christmas.
Macy Gray Christmas is available at your local can.
From 0-2 at 5.60 WQA,
and happy holidays from all your good pizons,
and even from us at QAM.
Heather Witts,
writes an article in the,
what is this,
Live Science magazine?
I'm sure you read that on a religious basis all the time.
Heather Witts writes,
a brief history of human sex.
Birds do it, bees do it,
humans sense that all the time have done it,
but just how much is the act really changed
through the millennia,
and even in the past decades?
Are humans doing it more?
Are we doing it better?
Sort of say scientists,
but it's how people face up to the truth about their sex lives,
that's changed the most over the years.
Humans have basically been the same anatomically for about 100,000 years,
so what is safe to say is that if we enjoy it now,
then suited our caved-welling ancestors,
and everyone else since experts say,
even a fist-off caved man there on the guy-co-spots.
Even he's a vile animal, no doubt.
Just as our bodies tell us what we might like to weeter
when we should go to sleep,
they lay down for us our pattern of lust.
So his University of Toronto Psychologist Edward Shorter,
asking the musical question,
or maybe answering it is Edward Shorter,
sex has always offered pleasure, he says.
Huh.
Sexualities have a lot to do with our biological framework
agreed-joy and Rogers director of media relations
and lecturer John Hopkins medical institutions.
People, and indeed all animals,
are hard-wired to seek out sex
and continue to do so Rogers said in recent interview.
I imagine that it's evidence that people at least like sex,
and even if they don't, they engage in it as a biological imperative.
Even if they hate it, even if they can't stand it.
It is nearly impossible to tell, however,
whether people enjoyed sex more 50 years ago,
or 50,000 years ago, said David Bus,
professor of psychology at the University of Texas,
author of the Evolution of Desire,
Strategies of Human Meeting, Strategies.
Now must have something to do with my space.
There is no reason to think that we do it more now than in the past,
although we're certainly more frank about a bus for a life science.
Indeed, cultural restraints,
rather than anything anatomical,
I've had the biggest effect on our sexual history shorter says.
To be sure what people actually experience
is always a mixture of biological and social conditioning,
desire surges from the body,
the mind and interpret what society will accept and whatnot,
and the rest of the signals are ended up by culture.
He writes in his book,
written in the flesh, a history of desire,
written in the flesh.
The mind and interpret what society will accept more.
In other words, if you see somebody really hot,
like in a shopping mall,
the mind processes that and from wine,
but then you realize that it's socially unacceptable to reach out
and just grab that person and start like fondly
and doing all sorts of grotesque and wonderful things to them.
Hopefully you're in my register that,
unless you just keep a little carried away.
That's not to say that cultural norms keep people from exploring the taboo,
but only once admitted to openly,
according archaeologists Timothy Taylor,
a great Britain's University of Bradford.
But there's all these people studying this crap,
man, isn't that make you feel a lot better about life?
Makes me feel so much more secure.
The idea that there's a sexual line that must not be crossed,
but in practice often is,
is far older than the story of Eve's temptation
by the serpentine rights in the history of sex,
four million years of human sexual culture,
four million years, man.
Religion especially is held powerful,
so it over the minds of attitudes toward the body's carnal desires,
most sexual psychologists agree.
Men and women who lived during the Pious Middle Ages were certainly
affected by the fear of sin shorter,
said that we notes that there were other inhibiting factors to consider too.
Maybe all that heavy clothing leaves to wear made a little bit more difficult,
you think? Like the Knights, you know,
all that armor and crap that they wore?
Yeah, that would have sucked.
Not really a good idea for a...quickie.
The low priority attacks the sexual pleasure by people who lived in distant times
is inexplicable,
unless one considers the hindrances that existed in those days shorter rights.
He points especially to the thousand years of misery and disease,
often accompanied by some very unsexy smells and itching,
they led up to the Industrial Revolution.
After the mid-19th century, these hindrances started to be removed
and the great surge toward pleasure begins, he says.
Many historians and psychologists,
either 18100's, is kind of a watershed period for sexuality in the Western world,
with the Industrial Revolution pushing more and more people together,
literally, in dense, culturally mixed neighborhoods,
attitude towards sex became more liberal.
The liberalization of sexuality kicked into high gear by the 60's
with the advent of the birth control pill,
letting women get in on the fun and act on the basis of desire,
as men always had a coin of shorter.
The 1960's Vast Excellerated this on hesitant women
Mr. Grab Sacks for the E. Sheerstake of Physical Pleasure,
he said, noting that the trend of openly seeking out sex
is because it feels good,
rather than for appropriation alone, is continued on,
unabated into the new millennium.
No, you've got to be kidding me.
But despite the modern tendency towards sexual freedom,
even today, there are vast differences in attitude across the world,
experts say.
Cultures vary tremendously on how early they start having sex,
how open they are about, and how many sexual partners they have
said bust, noting that Swedes generally have many partners in their lifetime,
and Chinese typically have few.
An informal 2005 global sex survey sponsored by the
Condom Company Durex confirmed busts' views.
Just 3% of Americans pulled call their sex lives monotonous,
compared to a size of a 26% of Indian respondents.
While 53% of Norwegians wanted more sex than they were having,
a respectable 98 times 0 on average, 81% of the Portuguese,
the Portuguese, were quite happy with their national average of 106 times a year.
That's like once every three days, kind of like what's his name there,
Kenny on a morning show, who seems obsessed with talking about
how many times he and his wife are doing the deed.
Keep talking about it, Kenny, they love it.
Ratings tomorrow, by the way, I sure hope they kick some big ass.
You think?
Yeah, I hope so.
Like I said, about 20,000 I think for you.
Though pool numbers and surveys offer an interesting window
in the sex lives of strangers, they're still constrained by the unrollingness
of people who open up about a part of their lives that's usually kept
behind closed doors, and what if we weren't bound by such social limitations?
Taylor offers the promiscuous and hurriedly-led back Bonobo chimpanzee
is a utopian example.
Bonobos have sex most of the time, a fairly quick perfunctory and relaxed activity
that functions as a social cement he writes, but for cultural constraints,
we would all behave more like Bonobos.
But for cultural constraints, in other words, if we didn't have cultural constraints,
we'd be doing all kinds of crap all the time.
In physical terms, he says there's actually nothing that Bonobos do that some humans sometimes do as well.
Well, there you go.
Do you want to be a Bonobo?
There's that Bonobo.
I have no idea. You know, a Bonobo monkey?
No.
He's either why.
119 votes on the way up, pool.
Let's see if we're down.
Oh, under 15% I hate this pool.
I feel so much better about our lives.
In the sunshine state, where it ain't so great,
14.7%, under 15% I hate the pool today.
That's bad.
I hate to admit that I love, I don't see anything wrong with this pool.
Do you explain that to me?
No, I like it.
Do you really?
Yeah.
Well, good.
Well, it's about time back up to 30 now.
56670560,
I'm 560 on the Verizon Singular wireless lines.
Look at that phone, man.
That is a doorknale, really quiet.
That's what it'd be.
We have a lot of great calls, but you know, not too many.
Can I say that?
Yeah, they're great.
They haven't started coming in yet.
They're great ones.
WDQYM, hello.
QYM.
Ow.
Not there.
WDQYM, hello.
Neil.
Yes.
Hey, how are you?
Good.
You know, let's just see for a long time
and I think you're capable of this.
You put together a medley of Sandy Fate and
Micronary Ambition from Sally Fitt.
Yeah.
And you know, Sandy is micated each other.
Yes, I do know that.
And yeah, I want really one thing.
You alone.
What do you really want to tell me?
Because so far it's been a little week.
Go ahead.
It is week.
What can I say?
You know, this is, yeah, I'm your typical caller.
But I have to say this.
You really do keep a little bit of the, you know,
Miami history alive with all of these folks that you, uh,
you know, jab occasionally.
Because you know, this sounds weak when it comes to any culture at all.
No kidding.
No kidding.
Have a nice day.
Oh, there's your friend Sandy.
Wow.
I would love to keep you all to myself.
She was the bad.
Yeah, they hit her like poison.
Everybody in the building herself, Cheryl,
hit her like poison.
Have a great holiday, Pat.
You got no material.
Good guy, no material, zero.
But he's trying to like excel.
You know, he's trying to like rise above the rest.
Didn't you think he was trying very hard?
Not succeeding, but trying very hard.
Yeah.
Good job.
Trying.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think we could all agree that Josh would be a great replacement for George.
What do you think?
Yeah.
Well, at least he came up with something different today, you know.
A little different angle on the usual of boring crap.
George is on vacation this week as you well know, sir.
Call him back next week and have him hang up on you.
I'm sure he'll enjoy doing it.
56670560, 0560.
In fact, maybe we'll switch it around.
Josh gets 200 grand in the world.
George gets 40.
I like it.
Why should I leave you seriously?
Let's get serious.
Okay.
That's the 200 grand I got to leave to Jacob.
Oh, that's terrible.
What do you mean by that?
Oh, he's in that area of me.
He's just a coward.
That's why he just run away.
Like a child.
You know, a coward.
It's okay.
A lot of people like that.
They're terrified of me.
You do know that.
You do understand that I have this bad reputation of being an evil person in a hard ass.
That power, you know.
Right.
And I'm just an old soft, old queen.
That's all.
Just a puffy old guy.
But nevertheless, I think maybe a million, million for Jacob.
40 cents for George.
And how about Harry?
You know, that backgammon and golf, that's too expensive.
Hobbies, I think.
Harry's probably plunging his guts out on the internet backgammon.
I just, I'm telling you.
One thing about the internet, whatever you want, it's there.
You know what I mean?
In other words, no matter what you're stupidity or what you're weakness, no matter what you're looking for, it is there.
That is definitely true.
You can lose every dime you've got.
You can go wind up going to jail.
You can wind up having people break your heart to destroy your life.
Whatever you want.
If you want it, it's on the internet.
Thanks, Al Gore.
The biggest issue in those videos, tell your family to use this.
The O'Rodgers, the sports radio 560, the UAM.
And do I like that?
The mad dog is out of control.
And you'll find out why.
When you hear the latest release from Blackpuster Entertainment,
Jim Madditch sings duets.
The ride, our ride.
Run around it's free.
The ride, our ride.
Here's the mad dog.
Two men in single classic rock.
The ride, our ride.
The ride, our ride.
The ride, our ride.
The ride, our ride.
The ride, our ride.
The ride, our ride.
The ride, our ride.
The ride, our ride.
The ride, our ride.
The ride, our ride.
At first, Jim said he felt a little bit foolish.
And I like that.
I knew that he had a heart.
But now he says, I like it.
I like it.
The mad dog just can't piss enough with that cottage cheese butt.
If he wants me to sing, God bless America and paste these in the G-string up here, I'll do it.
You got food.
And everybody knows that it's all right.
All right.
This is the mad dog. Sing them self happy.
All right.
All right.
All right.
Jim Madditch sings duet.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
Congratulations on that.
All right.
All right.
Now we're going to getacey out of the cave.
We're going toWelcome from the Might, and we'll see W.
Once the amazing 1.
interesting going swimming or anything like that.
I'm going to talk about going swimming in the land, just talking about seeing the sights
and taking them to see the sea.
I can see everything up on the mountain.
Okay.
You see the lake.
You're a hard ass.
That's what the world's down to.
I sure hope your Russian girlfriend brings lots and lots of that cheap vodka, man.
She'll leave it.
WQYM, hello.
And the other one about...
Yes, sir.
Richard, I got a question for you.
I was driving up so much for you, man.
And I turned up for Mingyu.
So I was there about $5.95.
I was going to say, sometimes we talk there, so I was like, please.
But you're not mad.
You've got to stroke everything.
So you can't see anything about the car.
When you're still in the river, God, just turn people around and to the side of the
river, you know.
If they're in a real tire, they're gone.
You know, you can track them.
You know, it's just hard to describe.
It's slow down.
Like that's something new.
Give me a break.
Oh, a bastion of absolute misery.
Sao Frota, a vacuum of human anything.
Brother.
And like I said, the sun is shining.
Yeah, it's cold.
It's 36, whatever the hell it is.
It's going to be a 40 today.
But you know something?
Not that there's any setting is global warming.
But you know what it was yesterday in Washington, D.C.
was 68.
On the 18th of December, 68.
And there's no snow here.
None.
There is zero.
There's not one flake, not one drop, not one bit, not one teeny tiny centimeter.
Now, once in a little a millimeter, nothing.
I mean, the locals, when I was up in Tahoe,
said that there was a drought.
I mean, I didn't notice that, you know.
Not that there's anything such as global warming,
you understand, just a county pincoconspiracy
from all these anti-big business,
so liberal communistas.
But you have something?
Because I'll be dead by the time that you people are all suffering
from the fallout of this stuff,
and you're going to be like, oh, brother.
Better have a good time now, while you guys can.
Okay, just to screw your brains out.
That's right.
WQAM, hello.
It puts loose things.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
He'll.
Yes, sir.
Hey, MacArthur, but load.
And back at you.
Hey, by the way, it's pronounced bonobos.
Oh, is it bonobo?
I know I was saying it wrong, but I don't really care.
I'm sure they don't either.
Hey, can you play the chopping sound for me?
Ah!
5, 6, 7.
That's called the day, I guess.
That was good.
Easy to please, man.
That's what we like.
People are easy to please who will not
to transmit a disease.
Hey, the Panthers are here at the Air Canada Center
and I have to play to make believe.
What do you think?
You think girl, he's going to be a stop and buy here for a little chat?
There's practice on HDD.
You know you people are praised with us when
you're showing each practice on TV.
That's really sweet.
I don't want to see, huh?
That's pretty terrible.
That's embarrassing.
Let's see some old time.
Whiten a shot.
Tip what?
I believe I'll be waffle boy of Iran Interval.
But there's old Jean Hartley.
A Philadelphia flyer is a fat monster.
Another tasty tasty cake.
Jean had too many and now he's dead.
Jean Hart, he was good.
But now he's dead.
The fat people are the good people and the fat people are dead people.
You did see fatso, right?
Of course, yeah.
And it was a damn good.
See, I'm giving you a lot of good movies.
It was very funny.
It was very funny.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
That was it.
And who's looking at that?
She's bending over in a very...
I'm sure from her position there.
And I'm not going to look at all that stuff.
I want to get off that MySpace thing.
OK, please.
Now that I pushed that one,
that last remnant of your close personal friend off the bottom of that comment page.
Now that's it.
Now that's the end of that.
Do you believe me?
No.
Huh?
I mean, yeah.
Why don't you believe me?
Why don't you think I'm trying to emancipate myself from a very humiliating, degrading,
and disturbing experience?
Why don't you believe that?
Well, I would, other than the fact that you're still on it today and, you know...
Talking about it.
So, yeah.
Well, it's MySpace, man.
That's right.
I've talked about Harry on MySpace, and you were on MySpace sitting there.
I've done all that stuff on there.
All our good friends.
It's a craze, man.
We can't help it.
Is that what it is?
I can't help it.
I can't help it.
Craze is the word with a Y at the end, man.
They're going to be crazy.
And, of course, I'm using my regular email from my close personal friend in Dave County,
who, and he got me out of it.
Three o'clock in the morning.
And he knows something.
It didn't disturb me at all.
It woke me up.
I don't know what he was thinking about if that, huh?
Maybe he was really depressed.
Maybe he just came in from a wild, not out, carousing, and doing all kinds of hot stuff.
Who knows?
But there it was.
It was like a counselor coming in, like a priest.
Well, not a priest.
And that's getting carried away.
And we hours in the morning.
I'll have to sit and woke up with a start.
I grabbed that blackberry, and I started tapping and typing.
And we exchanged some fantastic life-enhancing messages.
How you like that?
Well, that's good.
It was good.
Good person.
A human being with emotions and nerve endings.
26th pass, noon at 560 WQM, your BS station for the New Year.
The biggest nail-ins of best talents to the business, Neil Rogers.
4th, radio 560.
You A-M.
Neil.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, everything fl Britain could be happy with it.
People doing uh-huh.
Yeah, that's right.
Yeah.
with their crouch and all this other crap.
I just got an email from my close friend at Dave County,
who was not bringing his girlfriend up by the way,
when it comes up here in the end of the next month.
That was a good news.
So is that another lunch for you?
It is another lunch, as a matter of fact,
I just got through writing those words.
They're not even dry on the email yet.
I don't even like that.
It must all sucky flowers.
What are you talking about?
Really?
I'm telling you, between the,
I'm not even gonna go into it.
That's right, I gotta be placement lunch date
for the day I come home, isn't that good?
Cause I'm pretty sure the first one ain't gonna show off.
Pretty sure.
Now, I'm not really positive.
You never ever know what bizarre people.
But anyway, this is, in fact,
are you on the amice space thing?
Go back out of my space.
Okay, what I'm saying.
See, that's the frightening thing to me.
This is, I don't like that.
You know, it's like, if everybody in the world
could read your email, I mean, it's not good.
It's like a community thing.
Calm down.
Nobody's reading your email.
Now, you know what I'm talking about?
What you're not gonna be able to do,
because if you go on, you see on the,
you click the mail thing on my space page.
The mail thing?
Mail, you know what it says, mail.
You know, you're supposed, you're 23 years old.
I'm gonna say, look, look, look,
either the message or the comment.
The message, is that what you're talking about?
If you wanna write a message to somebody,
the private one.
No, let me go to the page now.
You see, we're done, Crowley on is there?
Yeah, I see done, Crowley on.
Okay, and you click on mail,
where it's next to where it says film,
you click on mail, and you go to our mailbox.
Okay, I got you.
And you see the picture ET there?
Well, I'm gonna get my mail.
I'm not gonna get yours.
Oh, in other words, you know,
it's not communal with that one in there?
No.
Oh, and only McGill, only McGill, well that's good.
So in other words, mine, your own damn business.
5670560, 0560, the Verizon singular wireless line.
Calling McGill right now.
Yeah, call McGill and make sure that he,
there's nothing there,
just as you have a message on your hot mail's all set.
I'm not communicating with anybody on my space,
except my buddy Harry and Detroit.
Well, we'll get ready for our backgammon tournament.
5670560, 0560, the Verizon singular wireless line of tax
in Iraq and U.S. led forces,
local security personnel, civilians of search,
22% to record levels, the Pentagon,
sentence list, quarterly, important Iraq,
publishes today.
We've also noted the rise in civilian casualty,
said this was directly linked to the rise
of sectarian death squads, which were held by elements
of Iraqi forces.
The, what's the death toll?
Is it in here for U.S. troops?
29 something.
I forgot what it was.
Over 29, we're getting close to 3000.
Is that number going to do it for the American public?
I don't think there's any number that'll do it,
just like Vietnam, when it was 58,000.
5670560, 0560,
on the Verizon singular wireless line.
WQYM, hello.
Neil, you should write a script for the past couple of weeks
and call it the last presentation of Neil God.
Yeah.
I sound like Harry from Detroit, you know,
when he came right down to what's said,
not quite as boring or old.
What do the Harrys chasing around on my space?
Maybe we'll see Harry like I said on date line.
You never know.
5670560, 0560,
the Verizon singular wireless lines.
I think it's a good thing I got my panel here
for the rest of the show.
Because it's one thing I've learned,
especially this time of the year during these holidays,
don't count on any calls, you know.
And I forget about good ones, they'll count on any calls.
And what about the heat in Alan Iverson in Pat Raleigh says,
oh, we're down to running, how do you like that?
After those idiotic calls we ate yesterday,
trying to give us a bum steer.
Remember those?
Yes.
How could we forget?
All these silly ass bandwagon jumpers.
WQYM, hello.
Any K-Rymes or G.A.?
No.
WQYM, hello.
QYM.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Good afternoon, sir.
I have a suggestion for the poll.
Yes.
Something I'm really embarrassed about.
I have a foot fetish, so I don't know how you'd wear it or word it.
Feet.
Feet.
Feet.
Very good, I went out.
I'd like to call a great show.
What else?
I think that's it.
I'm out of the town.
That's it.
I think that's about it.
OK, I have a great life family, except he just double-checked
and just to make sure he didn't leave nothing out.
He loves feet.
OK, I love feet.
I like feet, but I don't love feet.
Like in that scene in the Frans over, says, you love bread.
I like bread, but you love bread.
Too much bread.
Too much bread, June.
That is a great movie.
Anybody wants to see a good movie?
Get a few better laughs.
And also we'll probably keep you from eating all that extra crap
on the holidays.
That's the honey, June.
Yes, me.
Fatso.
With the M.Bankcroft and Dom Delewies.
I love bread.
It's a big fan.
I could live without it.
It's one of those things that's a diabetic that I must not eat.
Do you only do it anyway?
The only thing I go off of that is when I go in a really good Italian restaurant
and I bring it like the rear with the basket of warm bread,
like garlic powder.
Oh, it just melts my heart.
When you know me, in fact, I should be like a little puddle knock
because lately my heart has been melting so much.
It just melts.
That Italian bread.
In fact, I really am.
When I take off for next couple of years, I'm just going to get...
I'm going to go to write to Roman, go to my favorite trot to read
and just eat myself to death.
I think it's a good plan.
WQYM, hello.
QYM.
Chris, well, you are superstar.
You're okay, good.
WQYM, hello.
God are you people stupid.
It's just amazing to me.
QYM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
This is Jacques.
I just want to wish you Merry Christmas.
Thank you for the entertainment.
And if possible, can you tell me where you get all those material,
the material that you read, your experience?
It's an internet.
It's an interesting internet.
Right off the internet.
Internet.
Which website, or where, or anything?
A whole bunch of...
Have a great holiday, man.
Have a great holiday.
A whole bunch of read over here.
A read over there.
Wonderful stories.
Yeah, read all those great bedtime stories.
There is any aridges.com.
I don't think Jacques has a computer based on what he was asking me there,
otherwise he would probably know such things.
Probe 137 votes on the poll.
We're going to do 15 today, not...
What are we going to do?
14?
I think we can go for 14 again.
See, it was too late that we got started with this thing with...
Now, the polls have been coming in really good from the audience.
I like that one for tomorrow, even you liked it.
Yeah, it's good.
I'm not going to tell him what it is yet.
I don't even know how you did it.
You didn't affect.
Huh?
Yeah, well, yeah.
We don't want to tip our hand too soon,
because they'll be calling in with suggestions for tomorrow's poll.
And then it's a pain in the ass, you know?
Never do that.
It's like when we used to do a stupid building polls,
and I'd tell them like at, you know, one o'clock,
and a whole last hour, they're like building for the...
The poll that was going to be on tomorrow.
Well, what do you do tomorrow?
You know what I'm saying?
What do you do tomorrow?
Who do you do tomorrow?
All of that stuff.
21 to 1.
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
Yesterday, I showed one flying by, and today it feels like I've been here for about a hundred years.
Maybe it's because, you know, I was awakened in the middle of the night.
Just a joke.
It's just a joke.
It was very positive, and you...
It was like part of the Christmas season, you think?
No.
You think the Christmas season was the reason that I'm sitting here coughing and weezing?
But I'm pleasing, the audience, with a really favorite of the show.
Oh, God.
What is this man talking about?
I think it would be good if I went into total dementia right on the year.
When that people get a 95-year, everybody would be like a daisy-changle.
And everybody would be on their phone, my space, their hot mail.
Oh, they all man's lost it.
He's gone nuts here on the air day.
That'd be good.
Yeah.
For a while, I thought that was going to happen.
And it probably will eventually, but not as soon.
In fact, I got to get on the phone at two and make sure I make those changes to my world, Josh.
That's right.
20 to 1 at 5.60, though.
And of course, by the time I croak, I mean, seriously, I want you to stop and think about this.
I mean, you know, it's a nice amount.
But by the time I croak, well, let's say I make it another 20 years, which maybe I will, maybe I won't.
My parents both looked over 90.
So let's say I'm around another 20.
You'll be like 43.
Well, that's still, you know, you'll be hitched with a family.
Right?
Okay.
No?
Yeah, probably, I guess.
A couple of kids running around, a couple of dogs.
A couple of wives.
So what's 50 grand going to mean to you?
And do you know how much that's going to be worth in 20 years?
I'm going to be like a, like, 30, 30 cent.
All right, make it 100.
Listen.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
So this station, take your power 96, right?
Stick that crack music you're playing upward and move down.
Fine.
Okay, great.
Go.
Jackass.
Bunn a lollipop, little boy.
No.
Oh, yeah, I got that something.
I'm aching in my gland.
Yeah, you.
An aching boy.
And I'm your name, the man, oh, yeah I'm your name, the man, yeah I'm your name, the man, they seem so sweet to me
With their verve little cam, little boys need to be with me
Cause I'm an emblem, man, you're a emblem, man, yeah I'm an emblem, man, they live to kid I'll give you candy and a ride
You can sit on my lap and I will let you drive, let you drive, let you drive, yeah you shake your mouth in when you wear your little pants
Don't tell me a little secret cause I'm your name, the man, yeah I'm your name, the man, yeah I'm your name, the man
And when I shall wear, I'll live by you inside, and when I touch your little pants I can hide, I can hide, I can hide
Oh, yeah I got that something, I'm making it in my grand, yeah you, a naked boy, and I'm your name, the man, yeah I'm your name, the man, yeah I'm your name, the man
And executive staff member at New Life Church in Colorado Springs has resigned after admitting to sexual misconduct and other mistakes
The result of examination of the staff's moral makeup after the outstair of senior pastor Ted Hagrid at church official set over the last weekend
Christopher Beard, who headed a ministry that trained young adults in leadership skills, stepped down Friday
After admitting to a series of decisions displaying poor judgment, including one incident of sexual misconduct several years ago, said Rob Grindel and associate pastor of the 14,000-member church
A lot of hanky spanky going on Reverend Ted's church, you know, oh God, that's good
Standing confidentiality over personnel issues, Grindel would not discuss the nature of the sexual misconduct, except to say it did not involve Hagrid or a minor
Beard a new life employee for nine years, wasn't married at the time of the incident, but is now Beard cannot be reached for comment, he's hiding, a lot of people hiding
After Hagrid's fall in a drugs and gay sex scandal last month, the senior leadership of new life asked a town side board of overseers to take a closer look at the spiritual character of its two-member staff as a precaution
What a pile of manure man, just like that picture that the Johnny G sent, chronic Johnny G, a pile of manure
Grindel said Beard's distortions came during a meeting with a board which has made up of four pastors from other congregations, four Getskies
Grindel said Beard's resignation was voluntary, is another step toward making sure they disordered more life demonstrated than Hagrid's fall as ex-sized from the church
They're exercising all of that, I better know what they're exercising too
I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out
I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out of here, I'm dying out
on a table and dancing everywhere, no other people are dancing there, the idea was maybe like riding a dog the whole bathroom doing re Hurry Hangover!
He's been a year successful to the notion that one of the benefits along with the low pay is at least free meals.
I'm showing them the ropes.
Good. How about you are?
Brangle said beer's resignation was voluntary. I just read that.
We recognize there would be increased scrutiny of our church in the wake of the scandal.
He said we welcome that process in order to reinforce the high standard of personal integrity and morality that is characterized new life's employees.
For all of our worship perverts, only their hypocrites and liars.
I'm a pervert, but I'm proud of it. I'm glad to tell you that right here and right now.
Anybody who lies to you and says that they're not a pervert is full of crap, especially guys.
Do you know any guy who's not a pervert? No. Of course not. They're such person.
No such person. I'm even a Robert Greeper this morning. I'm talking on the Kenny and Bocio about his blow-up doll.
That was a little over the top. Robert, if I told you once I told you at the I times, cut the crap.
5670560, pound 560. You notice how these phones have just dwindled out of virtually nothingness?
I was at because of the holidays, because I'm back taking calls for like three weeks now. They've just run out of material.
Or maybe both of these things. That could be it. They're pretty weak. WDQA and Hello.
Hey, is he telling me soap on the road? Don't make it over.
WDQA and Hello.
QA and.
Oh, look at that. This thing in this box is doing funky things too.
558 votes on a pool. I think we got a real shot of that 14 hundred during the show today.
If the audience wakes up and says that, of course they're all busy out of shop and going crazy now.
From now until the end of the week, it's going to be absolute hell.
I'm thinking maybe next three days while you guys are enjoying your soup.
Maybe I'll have some black bean soup.
Go up in the kitchen.
Boy, I wouldn't even be in the same...
I'm eating dinner with somebody or like fish, like salmon or something.
I've never said anything, but I'm thinking, why did you get it?
Because I can't say anything in the smell of it. The stench of that nasty rotting fish.
Whatever. You're a fish eater?
I don't know comment. I don't need to hear about it. WDQA and Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
WDQA and Hello.
Check yourself, Justin.
Oh, man.
What did I say to you? WDQA and I'm just checking.
There might be a really good call out there. I sure doubted. QA and Hello.
Yeah, I'm Gneal. What's up, baby?
Yes, sir.
Hey, three quick things. You'll never find a brother shrouded on a mountain looking for help.
Yeah.
Second thing is, I think we should have a poll for ugliest celebrity.
And the third thing is that, did I get a, did you wrong on my face?
That might be Charlie Kritt.
Well, you could be, or maybe you want to Charlie's boyfriend.
Yeah, like that.
Done me wrong. I've been harmed and wounded and, et cetera, but whatever.
Life goes on.
Prove it in 61 votes and you know what? I'm all over.
There she is. She's looked real good there now.
Your girlfriend, Tara.
Tara Terra.
Oh, I can't.
Really? She looks good there too. She's very photogenic.
Damn right.
But when you see her, look at those bazumbas, man.
Look at that. Talk about climbing the old mountains.
See, there she doesn't look at that. When she's got that puffed up cheek, man, too much makeup, I think.
What are you talking about?
She had a puffed up cheek. I saw it on her, uh, face.
The umbrella picture?
I don't know.
You're paying much more attention than I am, obviously.
Let's just stop it. Okay. She's gorgeous.
She's on knockout. She's beautiful.
If I were of your persuasion, I'd be like climbing all over the TV set right now.
I'd be grabbing both kneecaps or whatever I could and that's it.
But I'm not.
Let's hope I was down again with a purple hair.
I hope I run into her and I'll offer her a few.
You would run into her.
Oh, excuse me. Yeah.
Probably knock her down and then just fall right down on top of her.
Oh, gee. I'm what a clots I am. You know.
Old friend of mine showed me how that works like in the convenience store.
I never had the co-horns to do that because I'm not.
I'm not that desperate number one and number two.
It is so rude, you know.
For ten, you're tripping in there.
Somebody good standing at the checkout car like oops.
And of course, this was a yes and guy.
Can you just imagine that?
No.
And maybe the guys were like a like a sway jacket or something.
They said, oh, can that be felt like that?
Perverts.
Everybody's a pervert but most people are liars and they're full of crap.
Especially the ones that are always pointing the fingers.
You're a pervert. I ride.
Go look in a mirror. Okay. You closet queen.
Go look in a mirror.
And stop with the obsession man with a self-hating of some people go through their entire lives.
And their whole life is nothing but self-hate.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah.
And there are many people like that.
They go through their entire life and all.
Their whole life is spent in releasing their self-hate and of course directing that negative energy toward other people.
Whatever that means. Well, we're getting really deep in philosophical lately, aren't we?
Sort of.
You know, all you care about is the money.
That's all you want. You just want money.
Yeah, man. That's what it's all about.
If George would have just bought you that big girl, that's right.
You're the one that's got it. You're supposed to buy it for him.
When I leave you all the money in the world, you have to promise you'll buy George at the big screen in the Sanio.
That's definitely going to be 100 then because that's...
San Song. That's his Sanio. San Song.
Okay.
Who else told me they had a San Song big screen?
We were just fabulous.
They called her the other day.
Remember that?
Remember Hank has one too.
And the ombres got one.
That's right.
That was funny.
Of course, he's probably sitting on a fat SOE, eating food while he's watching that big screen TV.
Lose some weight, Hank, for the holidays.
Okay. No, it's not easy.
Take some of that conical girl.
Fly out to Vegas, right around the mountains, squat up there on a rock in the red...
What is that place? Red Rock Canyon.
Wouldn't that...
Isn't Red Rock in Colorado?
You're asking me like, I...
Look, see there, you're going to starting again.
I'm just saying.
I just...
I'm just trying to exercise that last picture of our Myspace page.
I'm finally getting over the wound and the harm and the hurt and the...
Fucking negative ladies here.
And you're starting about Red Rock Canyon again.
You're correct, Neil. It's in Nevada.
It's in Vegas.
I know that. My good close buddy told me that.
Very quick.
I like to shape my legs, arms and buns.
Where I listen to the Neil Rogers, one or two hours.
All right.
Bye.
Yeah, mommy.
That's enough.
Anyway.
It says, I know Santa Claus is Chinese because each Christmas morning, after all the gifts are unwrapped and things settle down,
I systematically go through the presents to see where they're made.
The results are almost always the same.
Roughly 70% are from China.
After some research, it seems that my one family survey is representative of the country as a whole.
Let's start with toys.
Some 80% of the toys sold in the US from Barbie Dolls to Video Games are made in China.
Talking toys that speak English learn the language from Chinese workers.
Electronic goods from Apple's iPad to Microsoft's Xbox made in China.
Clothing from the latest cashmere sweaters to Jim Suits, oh, that looks good.
Can that be felt?
It's also likely to be made in China label.
The Christmas tree itself may come from China, while real Christmas trees are growing in every state in the US
and marketed locally, many families now gather around artificial Christmas trees.
Eight out of every ten artificial Christmas trees sold in the US are made in China.
Last year Americans spent over $130 million on plastic Christmas trees from China.
This year Americans will spend over $1 billion on Christmas ornaments from China
and perhaps the greatest irony of all even the activity scenes are made in China.
Last year Americans spent more than $39 million buying the activity scene shipped in from the East,
China's success in attracting foreign investment capital and mobilizing the huge workforces
made it the workshop of the world.
That the US Christmas is made in China is a metaphor for a far deeper set of economic issues
affecting the US.
Today Christmas is celebrated in both the US and China, but for different reasons than with far different economic consequences.
For the Chinese, the manufacturing finance means record profits, rising incomes in a society where people save some
40% of their income, a sharp jump in savings.
In the US Christmas shopping expenditures headed for another record high this year contribute to rising credit card debt and a soaring trade deficit.
Under the American Christmas spirit and good cheer is a debt-laden society that appears to have lost its way,
martin the quicksand of consumerism.
As a society we seem to have forgotten how to save so we can invest in a better future.
Instead of leaving our children a promising economic future, we'll be queuing them the largest debt burden of any generation in history.
At the personal level credit card debt just keeps climbing and at the government level we have the largest deficit in history.
At the international level we have a trade deficit that moves to a new high month after month.
It's not the fact that our Christmas is made in China, but rather the mindset that it's led to it is most disturbing.
We want to consume them, no matter what. We want to spend now on our children pay.
It's the same mindset that introduces tax cuts while waging a costly war, economic sacrifice is no longer part of our vocabulary.
After the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, President Roosevelt banned the sale of private cars or to mobilize the manufacturing capacity and engineering skills of the US automobile industry to build tanks and planes.
In contrast after President after 9-11 President Bush urged us to go shopping.
In the US we're so intent on consuming that personal savings have virtually disappeared.
We have an average of five credit cards for every man, woman and child of 145 million card holders, only 55 million clear their accounts every month.
The other 90 million can't seem to catch up on our pain, steep interest rates on the remaining balance.
Millions of people are so deeply in debt that they may remain indebted for life.
The official national debt, the product of years of fiscal deficits, now totals 8.5 trillion dollars from $64,000 per taxpayer.
By the end of the Bush administration in 2008 this figure is projected to reach a staggering 9.4 trillion,
we're digging a fiscal black hole and sinking deeper and deeper into it.
Each month the Treasury covers the fiscal deficit by auctioning off securities, the two leading international buyers of US Treasury securities are Japan and China.
In this role China is now also becoming our banker.
This developing country where income levels are one-sixth of those of the US is financing the excesses of an affluent industrial society, what's wrong with this picture?
In times past when our fiscal deficits were covered largely by US leaders, interest payments on the debt were reinvested in the US.
Now they're flowing abroad to Japan, China, other foreign holders of US debt.
While the US fiscal deficit driven partly by the winter rack source to stratospheric levels, the country is facing an unprecedented fiscal challenge as the baby boomer generation retires,
pushing up the cost of social security, Medicaid, and Medicare.
This combined with the growing interest payments on our debts in China, other countries will put a nearly impossible tax burden on the next generation, something for which they may never forgive us.
The US trade deficit is growing by leaps and bounds nearly doubling from $452 billion in 2000 to an estimated $850 billion in 2006, rising oil imports in the trade deficit would China copper over half of it.
National policy figures such as not adequately supporting the use of renewable energy technologies and continually growing US trade deficit, for example the US should be a leading manufacturer and exporter of solar cells and wind turbines, but it's fallen behind both Europe and Japan.
The solar cell invented that Bell Labs in 1954 as an American technology, but the US effort to develop solar energy was so we can sporadic that both Germany and Japan forged the head and developed robust solar cell manufacturing and export industries.
The situation is similar with wind. Although the modern wind industry was born in California to begin in the 80s, the US faded a sustained support for wind resource development allowed European countries to largely take over this industry.
Even though rising oil imports are widening our trade deficit, we consume oil with abandon, weakening the economy undermining our political independence.
We've lost influence in world financial markets simply because our amounting debt much of it held by other countries.
If China's leaders ever become convinced that the dollars had continuously downward and they decided to dump their dollar holdings, the dollar could collapse.
Could collapse?
Oh my God!
Beholding the other countries for oil and to finance our debt, the US is fast losing its leadership role in the world.
The question we are facing is not simply whether our Christmas is made in China, but more fundamentally whether we can restore the discipline and values that made us a great nation, a nation in the world admired, respected and emulated.
This isn't something that Santa Claus can deliver, not even a Chinese Santa Claus. This is something only we can do. Not even a Chinese Santa Claus.
That's bad.
You think the Chinese are not the Chinese of course don't celebrate Christmas because they're Buddhists, right?
Right.
Probably a few.
There's probably a few goliens over there in China and if they got a Christmas tree, cut a bang baby, that's the end of that.
We won't see them no mo.
No mo.
Do do do do do.
I wonder how he's doing.
We don't hear a damn thing about him.
I guess he has made the big splice that we have 50 yet, hasn't he?
Oh we'll see when the uh...
When the big numbers come out tomorrow morning, we got numbers coming out tomorrow morning.
Everybody could always use a good number.
Words still live by. Trust me when I tell you.
Got the Panthers and the Elif's tonight, the Arcana of the Center.
Anybody in this audience?
No!
Give a flying about that.
What do you say?
I'm gonna be surprised if Velly shows up here knocking on my door at 5 o'clock.
Let's go over to Ruth Christian Grabba Vincestake.
I'll buy you dinner before the game.
You think?
Spread them and say cheese.
Spread off the brown nose reindeer.
Always wound up last in line.
That's how he got a brown nose.
Following your close behind.
Let them all of the other reindeer.
Love to make them calm and sneeze.
They all would stop abruptly.
And one of them would cut the cheese.
One day Randolph got better.
He said this just stinks.
Find yourself a new copuce.
Gave them all a Christmas goose.
Santa and all the reindeer.
They began to shout and plead.
Randolph the brown nose reindeer.
You should try potology.
You know, just don't I mean we got a great bit and I have no idea where it is.
Walking around in women's underwear.
Remember that?
Yeah, it's a good one.
And where is it?
I don't think we got it.
Oh no, that's gonna be so...
See if I wouldn't have mentioned that I've been better off, you know.
Oh, here it is.
How do you like that?
What a genius man.
What a genius man.
What a old man still got it.
Not much.
You can get a little bit left.
I would say...
God third man.
Yeah.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
Remission.
Wearing our clothes still pantyhose.
Walking around and wailing us underway.
Walking around and women's underway.
Oh right!
Walking around and women's underway!
I mean like that, huh?
1302 on the floor.
We're not going to hear the 14-ever.
No way who's there.
Why the hell should we on the 19th of December?
On the middle of Hanukkah and everybody out there with their last minute Christmas shopping.
Run and run like lunatics.
That's why the phone is slim and grim.
That's why even the votes are down on the pool because people aren't sitting there by the computer.
Staring at Harry's a back end and getting out of my space.
Are they?
No.
No they're not.
1302 on the pool and even playing slots has got a vote.
Feet got one. That's from that foot fetish guy.
George is a foot fetish all he denies it.
When we were doing the showdown there in the second quarter.
He denies it.
I don't remember that but.
Well, when he comes back next week asked him on Tuesday asking me,
do you ever deny having a foot fetish and he'll say that I'm a liar?
Whatever, I don't know, maybe he doesn't deny it.
Every time I miss it down the air he's like, oh you're wrong.
I don't know where you come up with that because when we, well I don't want to go in one.
Anyway.
This is a long article here.
Gee, I don't think I want to read the whole hour here with all those great calls coming in.
WDQAM, hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes sir.
Listen, why follow my wife, the Walmart.
You're talking about you've told my products made in China.
Tell me where we can actually find any products made in the United States anymore.
Where you go for that.
Yeah.
See what I mean?
When I buy something I just care if it's good.
I don't care where it's made.
I mean call me un-American, call me your comedy stuff.
I just care if it's good.
You look on the back when you go buy a product you open it up and see is it made in China.
No.
Of course not.
I don't care.
You wonder if you get your money's worth.
You know you're going to invest that 150 grand wisely when I croak.
In fact I got a better idea.
What I'll do is I'll take that whole 300 grand that I was like setting aside for you guys.
I'll leave it to George and I'll leave it up to him to take care of you.
We'll just remember to just be like, hey remember Josh.
Yeah.
With that money.
You trust yours to take equitable care of you when that happens?
No, you might as well just give me that 100.
Okay.
Frank Rich wrote this was on Sunday in New York Times and it's very, very long and I don't usually read columns.
Especially when the phones are starting to ring like crazy but I'm not going to waste my time answering because I know they're going to be crap.
I don't want to end this day.
This has been a very fine day.
In fact it's been a fine 24 hours all the way around.
What was the show like yesterday?
Do you remember?
It was okay huh?
Yeah great calls.
Here's so full of it.
Now it was alright.
But I did not tell you yesterday was kind of like the demarcation point.
Once we started these last few days before Christmas then they really start going nuts.
You know, less than a week now.
Right.
Mary Cheney's bubble of joy Frank Rich writes and this little one made me little two o'clock.
It's a long column.
He doesn't usually write this long.
I usually don't read but you know what it's good.
Good stuff.
Good crap.
He says it's not the least of John McCain's political talents that he comes across as a paradigm of straight talk.
Even when he isn't talking straight talk.
So it was a surprise to see him reduced to near stammering on EBC's this week to Sunday's after the election.
The subject abroad him low was the elephant in the elephant's room or perhaps we should say in their closet homosexuality.
You're fairie.
Senator McCain is no bigot and his only goal was to change the subject as quickly as possible.
He kept repeating two safe talking points for a dear life.
He opposes same sex marriage as does every major major presidential expert in both parties and he's supposed to discrimination.
But because he had endorsed the endorsed a broadly written Arizona ballot initiative that could have been used to discriminate against unmarried domestic partners.
George Stephanopoulos wouldn't let him off the hook.
Are you against civil unions for gay couples yesterday senator who replied no I'm not.
Well Mr. Stephanopoulos reiterated the question seconds later so your civil unions Mr. McCain answered no.
In other words he was not against civil unions before he was against them.
His gaffer's reminiscent of a similar appearance on Mr. Stephanopoulos show in 2004 by Bill Fist, a Harvard trained doctor refused to criticize him.
He criticized a federal Anstens program that catered to the religious right by spreading the canard that sweat and tears could transmit AIDS.
Senator Fist is now a lame duck and his brand of pandering typified by his errant upbeat diagnosis of brained Terry Shabo's condition.
He is following him to political Valhalla.
The 2006 midterms of Karl Rove supposedly foolproofed playbook in tatters.
It was hard for the Republicans to deal the gay card one more time after the Mark 40 and 10 Hagrid scandals revealed that today's conservative hierarchy is much like Roy Cohen's menu.
He went angels and America minus the witton pathos.
This time around, ballad in the ship is banning same-sex marriage.
Drew markedly less support than in 2004.
The draconian went endorsed by Mr. McCain and Arizona's voted on altogether.
Two national politicians who had cow-toed egregiously to their party's fringe, Rick Santorum and George McCockewitz Allen were defeated.
Joining their ideological fellow travelers Tom DeLay and Ralph Reed in the political junkyard.
To further confirm the inextrable march of social history, the only Christmas season miracle that left the beleaguered Bush administration this year has been the announcement that Mary Cheney, the vice president's gay daughter, gay, is pregnant.
Her growing family is the living rejoinder of those in her father's party who would relegate gay-murkin couples and their children to second class legal or human status.
You have not even those political realities have entirely broken the knee-jerkabit of some 2000 Republican presidential hopefuls to woo the homophobes.
Mid-Rabney, the Republican Massachusetts governor, was caught in the another embarrassing example of his party's hypocrisy last week in a newly unearthed letter according to the gay law cabinet Republicans during his unsuccessful 1994 center race.
He promised to do better than even Ted Kennedy and making quality for Jason Lesby and his main spin concerned.
Even that Mr. Romney has been making opposition to same-sex marriage, his political calling card this year, his ideological bisexuality looks as foolish in its g-rated way as that of Mr. Haggard.
The evangelical leader was caught keeping time with the male prostitute.
There's no evidence that Mr. Romney's right-word move on gay civil rights and abortion about which he acknowledges his flip-flop has helped him politically, or that Mr. McCain has benefited from a similar sea change that has taken him from accurately labeling Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson agents of intolerance in 2000 to appearing at Mr. Falwell's Liberty University this year.
A Washington Post ABC News poll last week found that among Republican voters Rudy Giuliani and unabashed liberal on gay civil rights and abortion leads McCain 34 to 26%.
Romney brought up the rear at 5%. That does so ever put him not only ahead of another presidential wannabe, the religious right favorite Sam Brownback, who's held up a federal judicial nomination in the Senate because the nominee headed to 10 to the day Lesby and neighbors commenced a commencement ceremony.
Or, remember, whatever they call that, Commence ceremony.
I think I'm going to commit to doing the break right now. Maybe I'll be committed, do you think?
Maybe.
1316 were committed to doing something between now and two o'clock. How you want to do that?
Finishing the rest of the article. And then taking a course, resilience are really anifty cause if they ever come in. You think?
No. Probably not.
1316 means we need 64 from 1,400 in 35 minutes. That's a tall order, man.
What do you think?
I'm going to go with no. Chris? No.
You're the one that I'm too high. That's what I'm thinking.
What do you mean that was me? We're off to a far. Steiner start. Why aren't you start me?
I'm too too high. So I'm thinking 1350. Sounds good.
The flagship station.
Hi everybody. You know the holidays are the hardest time to control your weight.
That's why I've come up with a way for you to shake your ball full of jelly with sweat into the carols.
You'll be praying thing to the tune of...
You'll also get sweating around the Christmas tree and the sea outside.
I want love again. You'll be flexing your all and power stepping through a winter wonderland of that burning sun.
I'll eat food for Christmas.
Ho ho ho holding in your stomach and unwrapping your thighs as you join me singing.
All I want for Christmas is a touch by fate.
Written to the carols. Available on the Fair of Bounds.
Here's a one wild and crazy guy under one crazy part.
131 at 560 W.C.M. Hey Richard. You're fair.
Anyway, getting back to Frank Rich's calm. Not to be confused with Fet Rich.
For those who are cheered by seeing the rove in politics of which issues start to fade,
the good news doesn't end with the growing evidence that gay bathing may do candidates who trafficked it, more harm than good.
It's not the only centrist American voters of both parties who reject divisive demagoguery but also conservative evangelicals themselves.
Some of them are last standing up to the extremists in their own can.
No one more dramatically so perhaps than Rick War and the Orange County California mega church leader
and best-selling author of the Purpose Driven Life.
He is adopted AIDS in Africa as a signature crusade and invited Barack Obama to join the usual suspects including Senator Brownback
to address his World AIDS Day conference on the issue.
This prompted predictable outrage from the right because Mr. Obama's liberal politics, especially on abortion,
long radio host Kevin McCullough demonized the Democrat for pursuing inhumane, sick and sinister evil as a legislator.
An open letter sponsored by 18 pro-dye groups protested the invitation,
also citing Mr. Obama's evil, but Mr. Warren didn't blink.
Among those defending the invitation was David Cuo, the former deputy director of the Bush White House's Office of Faith Based and Community Initiatives,
in his book Tempting Faith, as well as interviews and on his blog,
the theoretical Mr. Cuo has become a tough conservative critic of the corruption of religion by politicians and religious right leaders
who are guilty of taking Jesus and reducing into some precinct captain to some get out the vote guy.
Of those family groups who criticize Mr. Obama's appearance at the AIDS conference, Mr. Cuo wrote,
are they so blind and possessed with such a neurodefinition of life that they can think of life only in utero?
The answer, of course, is yes.
The Christian coalition parted ways with its new president-delect, a Florida mega-church pastor Joel Hunter,
after he announced that he would take on bigger issues like poverty and global warming.
But it is leaders like Mr. Hunter, Mr. Warren, who are in ascendance,
even the Reverend Richard Sizzick, vice president for governmental affairs and Mr. Hagrid's former perch,
the National Association of Evangelicals, has joined a number of his peers and taken up the cause of the environment,
putting him in odds with the Bush administration.
Such religious leaders may not have given up their opposition to abortion or gay marriage,
but they have more pressing priorities.
They seem to have figured out, as Mr. Cuo has said, that politicians used Christian voters for their money and for their votes,
and give them little in return, except a reputation for bigotry and heartless opposition,
to the lifesaving potential stem cell research.
The axis of family G-Hotties, focused on the family, the Family Research Council, the American Family Association, is feeling the heat.
Its positions get more extreme by the day.
A concerned woman for America mocked these called Mary Cheney's pregnancy, unconscionable,
condemning her for having injured her child, and acted in a way that denies everything that the Bush administration is work for,
that last statement thankfully is true.
This overkill wreaks of desperation, so does these zealots recent assault on these supposedly feminizing medical properties of soy baby formula,
which deserves the blame for today's rise in homosexuality according to the chairman of mega-ship ministries and penguins.
Yes, penguins! These fine birds have now joined the teletubbies in sponge-bottles square pants,
and the pantheon of Cully Secret agents for the Gay Agenda.
Schools are being forced to defend Antango Makes Three, and acclaimed children's picture book placed on the true story
of two Central Parks Zoom male penguins who adopted a chick from a fertilized egg.
The hit-penguins movie Happy Feet has been outed for an anti-religious bias, and its endorsement of gay identity by Michael Medved,
the commentator who sets the tone for the religious rights, strictly enforced code of cultural political correctness.
Such sensoriousness is increasingly the stuff of comedy, so our politicians have all striped to advertise their faith.
A liberal like Howard Dean is no more credible talking about the Bible.
During the 2004 campaign he said his favorite book in the New Testament was jolt, then twice married candidates like Mr. McCain,
and persuasive at pledging allegiance to the sanctity of marriage.
For all the skeptical theories about the Obama-Bummlet or real boom we don't know yet, no one doubts that his language about faith is his own,
not a crypt sheet provided by a conservative evangelical preacher or liberal political consultant on values.
That's why a Democrat from Chicago, whose voting record is to the left of Hillary Clinton,
we've seen the same standing ovation from the thousands of record and satellite church that he did from his own party's throngs in New Hampshire.
After a quarter of a century of watching publicism from both parties exploit religion for partisan and often mean-spirited political gain,
voters on all sides of this country's culture wars are finally in the market for something new.
Frank Reds had to say a lengthy but a good comp in some days New York Times, Mary Cheney's bundle of joy.
Barack Obama is the man, I'm the first guy that told you that, did I say that?
Yes, in weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks.
He's a man, you don't believe me do you?
You don't think he can get elected because he's black, is that what you're going to tell me?
No, that's not what I was going to tell you.
What are you going to tell me?
I don't think he's going to get elected.
Why not?
Not because he's black, I just don't know.
He is the man.
Trust me when I tell you right now.
He's the rock star, he's the great dark hope, he's the great something new man.
He's not one of these old political hacks, old political hacks,
all the hacks all the time.
It's something you want to play hack the wife.
How's OJ doing by the holidays?
Maybe OJ will come by for lunch.
What do you think?
I know that Greg Reed and Maddie Bell will be thrilled if OJ would come by the Power 96 Studios
and have lunch with them over there.
All these jocks sniffing lunatics man, all you jocks sniffers out there, get a life, okay?
Unless it's Brady Quinn or Tom Brady's jock, you're sniffing, get a life.
Who won that game last night by the way, I went to bed.
Any anapolis?
You can.
Oh no, yeah they were winning when I went to bed.
And what's that what they're talking about this morning?
Who's getting more action, Peyton Manning or what's that goofy brother?
Who the giant's Eli Manning, Eli's coming?
Who's getting more action?
How about Sandy Peyton?
I mean, anybody who, I mean, what are we talking about here?
Peyton Manning, you're fair.
Give me a break.
Of course we don't know what action they were talking about but nevertheless, all the hot chicks.
Peyton Manning's getting the hot chicks or something that rhymes with that.
1328 votes on the pool, I hate to admit and there's nothing wrong with this pool is there.
No.
But it's back up over 15% hated.
During the middle of the holidays baby, this is an indictment of self-fulded, it's not to be believed.
We may not even make our 1350 today.
Because I think once they got, what's they kind of like robbed the cobwebs out of their eyes, everybody's not a worker, whatever they,
they all, you know, they're in their cars, they're schlepping, they're at the malls, they're doing all this crazy stuff.
We got 1328, that's not so great.
And the sun's shining, stay, is it?
And you were saying, let's get 15 hundred days and then we were saying before?
I know, I said no because you said 15,000 easy.
That's what you were talking about the will.
And then you said, how about doubling it to 30 and then adding 20 more for 50?
50 sounds like a nice number for somebody.
Yeah, it does.
I really don't.
I'm going to even 50 grand in my buddy Macy.
My new therapist, good guy.
Listen, call me after the show.
I'll help you out through this too.
Help you out with one.
I'll help you out.
You're the one that was giving me crap before.
Wasn't he, Chris, giving me crap about that.
I'm still talking about the same old bup bup bup.
Didn't he say that?
I think he was doing it in a loving way.
You know, he's worried about you.
See, he knows what's up.
When you hold him up for 20 for him?
30.
I hate to admit that I love porn 380.
I don't know what kind of people voted for that.
That to me is so inane.
Why is that?
Are you embarrassed?
Well, what's wrong with that?
What's not to like?
Josh.
I don't know.
I have a Josh voted for that.
Why are you embarrassed to admit that?
I'm not embarrassed.
I just, I don't know.
Well, that's what the polls said.
I hate to admit it.
I voted last night.
Admitted.
Admitted.
Admitted what?
You love porn.
Of course.
Okay.
I hate this for 204, 15.3%.
Near Rogers, 157.
Antiques Roadshow, one-way.
We still know what that is.
Not a one-way.
I don't want to hear about it.
Now, that's not on, what is that on?
It's not an ENE.
Is it PBS?
PBS.
Oh, my.
PBS is putting direct like that on here.
The Antiques Roadshow.
That's right.
Oh, my God.
There is no God.
I'll tell you that right now.
There's no God.
There's only.
Talk Radio 97.
I hate to admit they love it.
Finali Ice Cream 88.
Carpenter 75.
Dog the Bounty 171.
No comment.
Musicals 50.
The Food Channel 27.
Neil Sedacca 18.
Home in Garden Show 13.
My Space 13.
Be very, very, very worried.
That's all I'm going to tell you right now.
Okay.
Be very careful.
Road Rage 11.
Cottage 7.
Country Music 7.
Feet 4.
And playing slots of pair now.
We got two people.
They love the slots that they do a minute.
Because Josh says that only old farts, old terminal folies like me, play slot machines.
And then of course, Harry from a Detroit says, hey, if you really were a hell of a guy, you'd be out playing golf and be the Tiger Woods of a backgammon.
I mean, you know, the...
I think I've also made a mistake by encouraging people on the My Space, although we're not getting a lot, thank goodness.
But I'm in a habit now of reading the mail that we get from the My Space from our friends out there on that thing.
You're hooked, man.
No, no, no, I'm not.
I'm at least a bit hooked.
I just feel like somebody's going to take the time to write some crap.
And once in a while I can hear his case, it makes him good material, you know?
He doesn't seem to mind it. He doesn't care.
It's not going to affect his life.
He's still author chasing him hot young guys.
I mean, whatever he's doing.
1341, I think we got a real shot of 1342 today.
1340, whatever the hell it might be.
The biggest name.
The best talent for the business, Neil Rogers.
Jason, you're on QAM.
We don't have any national guards there because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now.
Not the National Guard.
Pardon?
Not the National Guard.
No National Guard in Iraq?
Not, there's no National Guard at now.
Absolutely.
He's been good for my internship at the Urethans and Dio.
Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass said I was to your hand, how?
You have done your good fight somebody good enough to fill my piggy pants?
Are you amazing?
Very no chance I'll have to be coming back.
I'm trying to consider you a little bit more indirect.
If you want to know what I'll say to you if I'm shutting that transmitter to the ground of it.
Why?
That's easy.
It can't be.
Sure.
I think you're on QAM.
I think you're on QAM.
I think they're vibrating that bottom down in the night.
This radio has a really funny story.
It's gay and civil wars.
And we did.
What you need is now.
How to drink it?
What you need is now.
And you need to drink it.
What you need is a show.
And show flow.
I thought I was going to win.
I hope you won't miss it.
I'm going to win.
I'm going to win.
I'm going to win.
I'm going to win.
I'm going to win.
I'm going to win.
I'm going to win.
I'm going to win.
I'm going to win.
I'm going to win.
I'm going to win.
I'm going to win.
I'm going to win.
I'm going to win.
I'm going to win.
I'm going to win.
I'm going to win.
I'm going to win.
I'm going to win.
I'm going to win.
I'm going to win.
I'm going to win.
I'm going to win.
I'm going to win.
I'm going to win.
I'm going to win.
I'm going to win.
I'm going to win.
I'm going to win.
I'm going to win.
Hey, everybody.
Good to talk to you.
Yes, sir.
I'm actually in Toronto.
We're up for the cancer game tonight.
Really?
Absolutely.
I'll be there.
I was wondering,
would it be possible to come by and see you
during one of the intermissions or something?
You say I'm going to be at the game tonight?
Well, I was assuming that you're going to be at the least game tonight.
No chance.
No chance.
Why would I be at the least game?
Why don't I go to any games?
I watch them on TV and my big screen TV and high-pitched.
I just assumed that you were seeing you take it all the like you were when you lived in Florida.
Season ticket over.
How much tickets cost at the Air Canada Center, even a Zidian Air like me, Canada for that crap?
I'm just not really crazy about the ambiance in that building.
I don't know if you've ever been in there before, but it's nothing like Maple Leaf Gardens.
It's a very, I don't know.
It's just not crazy about the Air Canada Center.
No, this is actually our first time here.
We're on a whirlwind trip.
We actually saw them in Boston a couple nights ago.
And then we saw the Dolphin to get smacked and bustle-o and then we're up here for the Panthers and they're sleeping.
Boy, you're sure making the rounds, man.
You're doing it.
Not too bad of a day for you, eh?
No, no, not at all.
It's maybe 45, but like that.
45, boy, you're driving about 40.
We're at the Weston Arbor, so it's not too bad.
It is 40.
In fact, what a good guess.
I just looked at the city pulses exactly 40 degrees, 45 tomorrow.
So we gave you some really fine Toronto weather, eh?
Yeah, it was a little brisk last night, but not too bad.
There's nothing like a little brisk, especially in the middle of Hanukkah.
Well, listen, have a great time and goleefs go and say how to gole.
They throw a gole, they throw a big whirlwind for me.
I'll do that for you, Neil.
Good luck, pal.
I'll see you around.
Okay, there's the guy who stayed at the Weston Arbor downtown Toronto.
Are you impressed by that?
That's exciting, isn't it?
No.
What is to me?
What is wrong with you, man?
You're starting it like George.
Chris, do not be like Josh, okay?
Don't emulate him.
I'll do my best.
Do your best to try to be a little more, you know, just lie about it.
It's a radio.
They don't know whether you're excited or not.
For all they know, you're sitting there like a bump on a law.
Those people in Toronto are excited right now.
Meaning what?
All those people listening in Toronto?
I got people listening in Toronto, okay?
I got people online listening in Toronto.
Don't you think we have a lot of people listening online just about anywhere you might say?
I'm going to be surprised if we got in Canada, when the York we got somebody listening.
I hope not.
Who don't want that?
I'll go in there.
1360 votes on the poll.
1360 WKAT.
My first job in Miami.
Happy, Channuka to my good buddy, Siddler Vin.
I hope everything is good with him.
So I'm starting to get like, you know, nostalgic in my old age.
In fact, you've been holding on the show for two years, but you see that you can probably sense the difference already.
Why?
You used to be like more kind of like rock solid.
I'm like an old emotional cripple.
You own my daughtering old years.
Don't you feel like?
I feel like you've been affected lately.
In fact, I think I've been...
And I think it was infected.
So you know, they always talk about those viruses online.
I think on my space, there's a virus on there.
I think there was a virus that got into my computer, into my system, into my brain.
Where used to be a brain.
But I'm fine now.
You believe me?
No.
I don't know why you say that.
You're just kidding.
No, you're not kidding at all.
If you were within, you know, walking distance, you'd probably come up here with a butterfly.
You'd probably bring the guys with the white suit.
And believe me, a few days ago, it would have been appropriate.
I would have surrendered immediately.
There are things that happen to all of us in life, and we can't explain them.
We don't know why we feel a certain way about things, about people, about life, about whatever hell it is.
All of these things.
And this crap happens, man.
I mean, I'm human.
I know that comes as a great surprise to all these people.
Or seeing the real side of Neal now.
He's like, yeah, yeah, I'm human.
I like to comment that it brought you down to their level.
Yeah, that was the Joe.
That was Jacob's old neighbor there.
I got the email right here for some strange reason.
And it says, it was a side of him that's never been witnessed.
And one that brings him down to our level.
I think I like the old man a little more now.
Said Joe.
I hate to admit that I love 4-387.
I hate this pool 209-15.3% a devastating blow to our egos.
Collectively, all of us connected with each other, even Maddie Belly, and too happy about it.
I hate to admit I love Neal Rogers 160.
And Tix Rocho 108, talk radio 99, bin law ice cream 93, the Carpenter 76,
dog the bounty 171, musical 51, the food channel 28.
I don't love the food channel.
I watch some crap on every now and then it's pretty weak.
Neil Sedacca 18, home and garden Joe 15.
MySpace 13.
Carpenter.
And let's see.
Road Rage 12, Country Music 7, Cottage C7, feet 4, and playing the slots,
Solomente Doce Harry.
The biggest name, subbest talent, the fastest Neil Rogers.
You fell in love with her.
When Jeb Bush and its floral legislature
would her feeding to back for another lifeless decade
and a hopeless vegetative go-ma.
Now it just won't be the media exploiting Terry Shival.
With you here, Terry Shival, sing the holiday blessings.
Terry, Terry.
Oh, because I'm home.
She's home.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Let Terry put you in a coma with this insipant standard.
What are your Terry Shival holiday seating today and happy holidays on behalf of yellow journalist everywhere?
What ever you say Terry 13172 I would say that's not bad when you come right down wouldn't you? I would agree.
I got caught a few seconds short there and I shouldn't didn't want to know. I don't want to sacrifice anything remaining few seconds of the show.
I would have been terrible. But on second thought.
