How about those panthers folks?
Ooooo!
Big win!
Actually, at 2ndec gaming, Justin and Tanya were in overtime and about 30 seconds later,
how many?
About 30 minutes!
30 seconds later, you open and throw that in a nice school and you win the game in overtime.
They needed that game bad.
Now let's not start with that hockey talk.
Although I thought it was kind of cute when a bowl campery yesterday was talking to
Jack Marten and he said, is it true that you were dumbed frog?
You just don't say those things, Kim.
He did?
No, he did not.
Of course he didn't say that.
He said, hey Jack, how'd you like to see them ignore you when all those frogs were falling out of the sky?
I saw a headline that caught my attention today in the sun sentinel.
Why do you sound like you're so far away today?
I don't know.
Is that my ears are plugged up or what is that all about?
No, I hear myself.
Hello one two and this is a test?
One two one two one two.
Why do you sound like you're on your renaissance or something?
I'm Puto.
Puto.
The thing that they sent up there that shuttle thing whatever that was that's going to take nine years to get to Puto.
And then what?
I like this headline.
Don't bet on later school start date.
I didn't know you could get down on that.
Oh yeah, any cases it's like seven to five passes.
Did you hear what happened yesterday with the state and the horse racing down here?
No I did not.
I was just waiting.
Started out with hockey there with Geldie.
Now we moved to horse racing, okay?
Oh boy.
This is a game.
We already old points were in a minus column.
Now this is not a good thing.
The division of power is not a good thing.
The division of power and regional sued to went to it took the case to a higher court to try to get the signals.
He had a national high authority.
Stop between Pompano and Gulfstream and Cauder and Gulfstream.
Yeah.
So as of today there's no more simultaneous wagering at those places.
But you have to go to Gulfstream if you want to.
Oh brother.
Wait a minute.
Hasn't Gulfstream been saying don't come here yet.
We're not done with our construction.
Go to Calderon.
Yes.
And they've been saying that.
Yes.
So what was the change in my heart all of a sudden?
They have continued this to pursue this lawsuit because they say that this is against the statutes to have an attract wagering.
And despite the fact that two courts ruled in favor of the tracks, the division continued with the suit and finally they found a court that ruled in their favor.
So they shut it down as a vision or grade.
Well you're screwed then.
Yep.
On a Wednesday no less.
You're going to have to go over to Gulfstream.
Well you know what they're having a big stakes race there on Saturday and they're not ready to accommodate the crowd.
Yeah.
There were 2500 people.
So they want to call the right side.
Yeah.
We don't want that.
Go ahead and do whatever you want.
One day they just say you know we appreciate the courts the ruling in Yadi-Adi-Adi.
Because in the head of the division I'll tell you why because our governor doesn't want your fed-ass government gambling.
That's why.
You want to put the money on the lotto baby.
That's a good bet.
It's like two weeks ago you know they stopped poker tournaments from being played in the paramutuals.
They can only be played at the tribal places.
Why the hell is that?
Why do you think?
Who's behind that?
42 degrees on Friday and 40 degrees on Saturday.
Boy this is...
Don't forget there's no such thing as global warming.
What's going to be in Detroit?
When you're going to be there?
Monday.
Oh I don't know that's far ahead.
Don't ever plan it far ahead.
It's going to be dark.
Morning noon and night it will be dark and fall.
Detroit.
It will be like Ray Nagan would say it would be chocolate.
Take a lot of your extra pills there for your diabetes because it will be like heavy chocolate when you go to Detroit.
Yeah and cold.
And not real cold.
There's no winner this year.
I'm telling you right now there's no such thing.
Global warming.
2005 was the warmest year in the world on records since 1898 over a hundred years.
Probably just a coincidence wouldn't you think?
Oh yeah.
Certainly it's not the new big business just polluting the hell out of the environment for fun and profit.
There's nothing to do with these Nazis running your country.
Although now it's great we can work together.
We can all go step together.
You got the fat ass governor there you got your dumbbell president and I would go to Steven Harper.
Make sure to look like a Sunday school kid.
There we go.
It's just the way things are going.
Everything that we've actually told you this time time to see the pants is when I must be their lucky charm.
Every time we vote for something the governor tries to change it.
And I find out through a very good source.
You know since Alan Cohn was giving you a saw in an adensee what they're trying to do is manipulate the media.
Everybody I jump on to bandwagon to save the franchise which they're in big trouble.
But not only and I was a seasoned ticket holder I get these offers like if you buy a soda and a large you don't have the large soda.
You get four free tickets you know what and the count those is the attendance.
So well who are they kidding?
But I find out that Dave Strader who's the TV voice of the panthers when he's not busy doing the NBC when Jigs MacDonald isn't making the full out himself.
Dave Strader has been under tremendous duress.
He got the message from the organization.
You know when they were really losing like your beginning there was give the wrong score.
Yeah well just about just about.
In other words they got a like blue sky at real big time which they've always been like that very.
Oh yeah they have talked about any criticism.
They're the worst.
They're absolutely.
They like that with the radio shows.
Yeah remember the BM thing that we went through on the station years ago when Chris Moore came in to ask the screen the calls.
Well they've always been like that but now they've reached the level of hysteria so Strader I guess is not too happy because they're making him try to like really blue sky everything.
And in fact I noticed in these pot find he's made a crack last night and over time about there was a bad play and he.
Oh it hurt and made a really bad shot.
Mr. Net on practically a break away.
He said well you know you can try to like accentuate the positive but you got to get that shot on gold.
You know I could tell what he was referring to there.
They're under a lot of duress.
Like that kid that were the skirt to school they're under a lot of duress.
Well it's just the way it goes you know you got to you got to lie to the public.
So I'm thinking of that Greg in the spirit time and by the way I'm off the air I'll say just some interesting things.
I had a good chat with Joe Bell yesterday.
That whole 10 or 11 year deal with Greg that's not that has nothing to do with management or anything.
So what they call a golden parachute.
Yeah that's exactly right.
I have to remember when the company went public and I gave him 80 billion shares of stock or something like that.
All these deals are like incestuous deals you know.
All inside deals but speaking of Joe who's a great guy you I was shocked because I talked to him for about 40 minutes yesterday.
Because he's only been there very short period of time but he doesn't have any idea where the bodies are very netplace.
Because he's been even another building all this time over kiss so he doesn't know what the stories are.
So I'm leaving it up to you and mad dog especially you guy in Georgia courses got to sit down for hours.
And like let him know what's been going on there for the last few years.
You know what I'm saying?
Yep for a for I'll give you an example.
He said to me he said I thought you were just because I brought up Joyce and we're talking a little bit about corporate.
And he said it was the true what is it that she's got against the fart sounds.
He said I thought you were kidding when you were saying that on the right.
I said no she won't if we ask her if we can do anything the answer is always the same.
Yeah it's always no can we say hello no goodbye no that's it.
So I think he's going to bad for us in the fart sounds which would be you know I can live without him but I would be quite a major accomplishment.
How about the English sounds?
No actually if he said we could all go over to the west coast and fart and Joyce's face then we can play him on a year.
Boy that's a whole of fame move a guy who can restore flatulence.
Yeah that's pretty good pretty policy for this company.
Really something.
So we're making a little bit of progress but you guys are going to have to clue him in on what's uh you know in fact tell him about your 18 suspension.
So get a big kick out of that.
He couldn't believe that my checks consistently weren't shown up on time.
Which hopefully let's make sure it all strophes up today but I'm confident it will.
We talked about one of my suspensions.
A bigger part?
We did we talked about one of my suspensions.
Yeah.
Yeah I am.
We talked about it.
Was that the one I had to do with that baseball team that said it doesn't want to play in Florida anymore except for another 8 or 10 years?
I can't talk about it.
Oh okay.
Well it's on my time now though.
I talked about the hem of the shirt.
I don't think it's going to be a good one.
I don't think it's going to be a good one.
I don't think it's going to be a good one.
I don't think it's going to be a good one.
I don't think it's going to be a good one.
I don't think it's going to be a good one.
I don't think it's going to be a good one.
I don't think it's going to be a good one.
I don't think it's going to be a good one.
I don't think it's going to be a good one.
I don't think it's going to be a good one.
I don't think it's going to be a good one.
I don't think it's going to be a good one.
I don't think it's going to be a good one.
I don't think it's going to be a good one.
I don't think it's going to be a good one.
I don't think it's going to be a good one.
I don't think it's going to be a good one.
I don't think it's going to be a good one.
I don't think it's going to be a good one.
I don't think it's going to be a good one.
Did you ever see that?
I never saw it.
I never saw it.
I never saw it.
He had the big ceramic hand there with the middle finger
up in the air.
It was really something.
They had really something.
I never saw it.
They were supposed to government took him down like they
did to everybody as soon or later.
You know they destroyed his life.
They destroyed his life.
But I went on a party on one of those boats that goes
up the intercoastal, when they go by the area
where Wayne's house is, they pointed out.
He doesn't have a house, he has an area.
He doesn't have a house, he has an area.
Yeah.
Yeah, he's got an area, all right.
Right, Tom.
Now when you go to Detroit, I think what I'll do when he leaving?
Monday.
Oh, we've got a long time.
I'll make up a list of all these great restaurants.
They're not there anymore.
They're not there anymore.
Just pretend that you're going there.
Oh boy, check it out.
There's a lot of them over there.
In fact, in downtown, there was a Polynesian restaurant called the Chintiki on Bagley
Street right off Michigan Avenue.
Oh man, that place was just fabulous.
Yeah, the best restaurant in Detroit right now is the one at the Greek town casino.
Do you know that there's not even a London Chop House anymore that's been gone for years?
I do know that.
Wow, that was a great place.
So that was the reason.
It was crazy, not for shleppers.
I used to eat there when I did the often games years ago.
Well, you must have been making a big box because London Chop House used to have to pay
extra for the butter.
Everything was all a card.
Butter, salt, I mean, whatever it was, they would put it on the table.
Yeah, it was one of the great restaurants.
It really was.
Well, that's when Detroit was a different place.
Wow, before they started singing that Burnt Baby Burnt Crap, you know.
That's when Motown was going big on Grand River Avenue.
It was a thrill.
Who was Motown named after?
Oh boy, you know, Mark the Time, folks, 1009 Wednesday, January 25th.
Just can't stop.
He cannot stop.
Can't control yourself.
No wonder he hates you like poison.
Oh, you got it.
And a not-so-magnificent obsession with that child.
Oh, Joe told me that they parted.
He was very gentlemanly about it.
Your friend, when they parted company.
I guess it would have to be.
He's getting paid for a couple months for doing nothing.
He took the high road when he left.
Yeah.
Listen, as far as I'm concerned, he can take any road just as long as he hopped on it and
kept going.
I need you up for that.
Well, sooner or later you come back to this.
He was right about that.
You're obsessed.
Down and dirty.
Yeah.
Hahaha.
Hahaha.
Absolutely.
Oh, man.
So we got Curtis today in the rotating, the role-mose spot, the rotating mose spot.
Yep.
And then we got Geldie tomorrow and Friday.
And then I don't think they have any idea what they're going to do yet.
Now, you're not still pushing for bulk camp when they're every day.
You're off of that kick.
I'm not pushing anything.
They're hell, you're not.
You are so full of it, man.
You know, you'd like to do a little push and behind the scenes for a couple of minutes.
Oh, I'm just...
Just like the camp.
Just like the camp.
As a matter of fact, I think you should notice a gap.
He's in the running on our pooled all over.
He's fallen behind John Kerry.
I think someone who needs a guy who needs a personality transplant.
In fact, I'll tell you who I voted for in a personality transplant.
He was on Wheel of Fortune last night.
Bob Greasy.
If there's a more dull person on the face of the earth, I've never met him.
Believe me, I'm not just saying that from TV because I worked with Bob on those hurricane
games on TV that one year.
Man, is he dull?
I didn't know there were people who think that John Kerry is the front runner right now.
That's a pretty sad commentary on it.
The Democrats, once again, would nobody out there.
How are Dean's the man, baby?
How are Dean?
Is Lee and Meen?
Joe Biden didn't do a very good job in his life.
No, Joe Biden's he's another wafer.
He's all over the place.
His phone is a $72 bill.
Well, they're all phones.
So in other words, you don't want to say that Bob Greasy is a boring guy that would be
good enough to be a guy that's not bad.
No, I don't.
No, I see you keep confusing things.
I don't dislike him.
I wouldn't say I like him either.
He's so boring that I don't really have any feelings about him, but he's just dull.
So dull.
Although I'd rather hear him doing a color on any game than Phil Sims.
I will say that.
I love Phil Sims.
Get out of here on the ball games.
Yes.
Oh my God.
Well, I think I'm going to have a relapse.
I'm going back to bed.
He never shuts up.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, he just brutal.
He's like an Anglo-Avenise part fan.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, oh, god is he bad.
Drives me in that phoney time.
They got a lot of time.
Oh, that phoney effect.
He's like a male Nancy Grace with that phoney draw.
You know, he's from Kentucky.
Kentucky, my ass.
Okay.
So he's Jim Bunning and he belongs in a mental institution.
But that's where he got the answer.
Did you see Alito was whining and dining with Jim Bunning yesterday?
Because he's a big Philly span.
He had some old Philly's memorabilia and he had the Bunning autographed.
And he said, Bunny, so now you got my vote.
Like it's a big surprise.
I mean, this guy's 80 yards to the right of Hitler, Bunning.
And that's where it goes.
In fact, Bunning's a commentant as he was leaving.
He's like, okay, Sam, I'm going to vote for you.
And now let's you when I go get them faggots.
That was pretty good.
I was impressed.
Well, since 1013 already, we're just rambling on here.
And I put with that horse racing crap, will you please?
And that hockey talk, too.
I'm pretty upset about this about what?
About what?
I don't blame you.
First they tell you to go over to Crawler and Bedgolstrin.
And they tell you you can't see Golstrin there.
Well, I'd go there and do a dump right in the infield.
It's not called as fault.
And it's not called as fault.
Yeah, the place to go to the same, but they're rubber-set, man.
It's the state of tropical depression.
The place to go if you want to dump, Dave Roberts desk.
Okay.
Call and make an appointment.
850-4889-130.
Okay.
That's one of the divisions.
I'm going to work on that.
After I go to Niagara this weekend, I'll eat several free meals,
and I'll be there on Monday to do a number on his desk.
All right.
Have a great Wednesday.
Great vetting free one.
I'll leave it there.
Take the can only.
Life in Paris tonight has been boring.
On time, win a mince.
That shippled board.
Or this.
If you think that's funny, but you know I'll have fun you.
Like this.
You're gonna miss me.
You're fast and so will miss me.
That's right.
Get on a miss.
You're going to miss me.
I touched my chest and bought a for you.
Oh, I'd want to with a great big face seat.
I got some earthen mints for the race.
That's the point of view.
From all your race and digital memories.
You can see the question keeps me poker.
Just walk a night.
I put bog hoes on my baggy, jagged pants.
I may have one vein as a grave and I got to buy my own pizza.
But yours.
You're gonna miss me.
Now that poker can't miss me.
Why you're sure for the missing?
There's the mustache lady on CNN.
You see her?
When it was here.
Whoa.
Hey now.
Was that right?
Was that exaggerating or what?
Now she trims that down nicely, doesn't she?
The only thing that's pretty much out of sorts when you said that.
She stood up and started getting hysterical.
What's the matter?
I got the audio on that.
I'll put that in the minute or two.
I thought it was going to be.
You were playing it.
No, it is not.
10-16 already.
We're gonna get with it.
Hey, let's see.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Sounds like a moron.
Every time he sees it.
It's the way God knows.
He wants to take a city and cover it in sweet.
Ray-Nay can tan.
Ray-Nay can tan.
Ray-Nay can tan.
Ray-Nay can tan.
Cause he wants to make new orally peace move.
And I don't care what people are saying.
Like Jesse Jackson.
We have black people.
His garments are bizarre.
Surely God is mad.
He compared the locals to a really long-awaited chocolate.
Ray-Nay can.
Yes, Ray-Nay can.
Ray-Nay can.
And he wants to make new orally peace move.
If God wants to come together.
If God wants to rebuild a New Orleans.
The one that should be.
Uptown.
All the way, ever, they all.
This city will be chocolate.
A chocolate new horse.
He never takes the blame.
Or anything.
Chocolate at the end of the day.
That's the chocolate in some coffee.
And you'll be up one full day.
Ray-Nay can.
Ray-Nay can.
No, I can.
Ray-Nay can.
That's the one that wants to make new orally peace move.
You can't have New Orleans.
No other way.
It wasn't even a horse.
There ain't.
But that's when everybody looks like a guy with my own way.
It's fine.
That's when I want to see.
Where is my father?
I'm a man with a world.
Where's a world?
I like it for a world.
I like it for a world.
I like it for a world.
I like it for a world.
I like it for a world.
I like it for a world.
And what they want to do with New Orleans.
But what about these three thousand and some people?
And what about this one, mom?
I'm sick of these people.
I'm sick of these people.
Well, me too.
And mom is dead by the way.
Did you just see the update on there?
Well, C is not exactly the right word.
I mean, it was up there.
Yeah, I wasn't paying no attention.
No, but they had the update and they showed the close-up.
And she's really psychotic now.
I don't blame her because mom is dead.
But they showed the close-up man.
She said, don't give me no lip.
And you're making fun of her.
Just like she's at a mustache.
Not just.
And mom is dead, along with a whole bunch of other people,
which let's see.
Mel Gibson needs a personality transplant.
And then it says, doy doy doy.
Doy doy doy doy doy.
From Hillary and Jacksonville.
Oh, thanks a lot, Hillary.
Hillary.
Oh, they had a pull on Hillary.
You got a vote for Hillary if she runs.
And six people said, yeah, sure.
Please don't.
Oh, no.
You know something?
Maybe John Kerry is not such a bad idea after all.
Maybe he might butcher up between now.
Look what happened to Al Gore, how he boosted up.
Well, bring him back then.
No, I don't think we want to go that far.
Anyway, here's now, let's see.
What was yesterday's pull?
Well, Chris Penn is dead first.
We better do that.
The dead people will.
We don't know why.
We have more dead people in Iraq, but we don't know who they are,
or how many or anything about it.
Because they quit reporting on that a few days ago.
I didn't even know Chris Penn was gay.
Chris Penn is not gay.
Well, you know, he's dead.
Oh, that number.
Rip Taylor's still alive, so I guess he balances him off.
Yeah, Google that this morning.
Rip Taylor is still alive.
How do you like that?
That jackass they called yesterday.
Oh, he probably used that.
He's gay.
Only gay people die.
Keep that in mind.
I'll do a little kids out there.
Oh, speaking of gay, man, that supernatural show,
which George did not watch last night,
sorry, went out for dinner somewhere.
I probably got himself sick and was puking his guts out.
Oh, you'll be pleased.
And I was speaking of puking his guts out.
I told you this already.
That your close friend, Rimmer called me yesterday.
And I think I mentioned that he was a wall during a Columbus game few days ago.
He started a game, which I hadn't tuned into that point yet.
And they had a color guide to the whole game, which was an abortion.
And remember, it tells me that he got food poisoning.
And so that before the game, he started puking his guts out,
and they had to bring a second bucket to carry all the, yeah.
It's like money python.
Yeah, and we're doing a game in the stands in Nashville.
They had the broadcast table set up in the stands.
Can you imagine putting in another bucket?
Oh my God.
It puts me in Nashville enough to make me puke just thinking about it.
So remember, it was puking his guts out.
So I'm sure you'd be pleased to hear that.
Yeah, yeah.
The supernatural was on last night.
And even Josh Corda said he was really impressed with Sam and Dean.
Riveted.
Isn't that what you said?
Yeah, something like that.
Yeah.
It was like a one thing, man.
That's a great show.
Last night was not a great episode, but it's a good show.
That's a keeper that show.
Yeah, for you it is.
Well, now what was wrong with that blonde chick?
She was all right.
Yeah, she's the only one.
Well, also, how many do you need for Christy?
How many have blonde chicks today?
I guarantee you one thing.
She's a hell of a lot better looking than that one that George has all whipped up about on smallville.
Whatever her name is.
Lana, Lana puke.
Lana Mike Lang.
Kristen Crook.
Yeah, Kristen's Crook.
Oh, I'd have to say great.
She's okay.
How is she okay?
I was never got over her.
Well, the blonde that was on last night, she was healthy.
Now, even Josh would agree with that.
She'd feel scarlet, Joe Hansen.
No, no, not.
But she was not one.
She was okay.
Who?
The girl on the show last night.
Supernatural.
Right.
She wasn't as pretty as Sam, but then again, who is?
That's very interesting to me, very revealing that Josh, the one thing you took away from that show was,
here's these two brothers and their 20s and they're sleeping together in the same room.
Yeah, they're about 30.
Okay.
And they're not about 30, okay.
They're not about 30, okay.
The older one, they're Dean.
He's about 26 or 7, I would say.
And Sam is about 22 or 3, I would say.
You're going to get your ages straightened out, man.
You're going to be indeed due to one.
Regardless, I know why you're watching the show after that.
You're right.
I did not think that I'd run.
I said, there's two hot guys on there.
I don't come out here lying through my teeth.
Why else would I watch that show?
Is it drama?
I'm so he asked with a bunch of ghosts running around, writing the mac and on each other.
That was...
Oh.
Is mac and on each other?
Yeah, mac and on.
They're going.
Anyway, so that's the video.
Chris Penn is dead.
I guess I better do the break.
Then we'll talk about Chris Penn for about 10 seconds.
He was 40 years old, and he's dead.
And he was not.
Gave.
How do you like that a straight guy that died?
But he was bad.
He was bad.
He was bad.
He's in a fat face.
He's 5'69".
Bill, he saved a young boy from being crushed by his adoring frogs and rescued boaters from their flaming yachts in the South of France.
What's next for this actor savior?
Let's slide out in our next installment of...
Tom Cruise Superhero!
Excuse me, sir.
You have over 20 items in your cart.
And this is the 10 items or less checkout line.
I don't care.
I'm in a hurry.
The lady said to get in another line.
Tom Cruise!
Oh, man.
Can I have your autograph for my daughter?
She'll flip out.
Why don't we step over to checkout stand number five, and I'll be happy to sign for you.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
I guess.
Thank you, Tom Cruise.
Another ugly incident, washed by Tom Cruise Superhero.
Okay.
1032 at QIM, and we do have a Tom Welling bit, but luckily I previewed it on Q during the award.
You won't be hearing that on here.
I didn't taste well.
No.
But anyway, you're not eating already. Are you at 1032 in the morning?
Couldn't wait for my BLT, so I'm having a drink.
Oh, great ol' bar.
Oh, gee.
Those are really bad for you.
Put for your honor.
Now, you know these little buttons on our boards, the little yellow and red.
Well, of course, the buttons are yellow and red, but the little bulbs, they don't last forever.
No, they don't.
And so I got a couple that are flickering, and they're okay right now, but I'm thinking that they're probably going to be all going out pretty soon.
Yes, they will.
Now, how do you get these buttons off here?
If I knew how to do that, I could just have them send me a bunch of bulbs, because I don't really feel I want to get the engineer to come up.
No, they pull right out and pop back in.
They pull right out?
Yes, they do.
I don't think so.
I think you'd want to grab one and pull it right out.
No, it does not.
Trust me.
Trust me.
It doesn't pull right out.
I'm going to pull one out right now.
Oh, there it is right here in my hand.
Get out.
I don't pop it back in.
Huh?
Well, I don't have no fingernails or nothing.
Nothing, nothing using any fingernails. Just grabbing it.
You're grabbing it?
Right.
Oh, don't say that.
I'll see.
Remember which way is right side up, though?
Oh, really?
Yeah, because it goes back in a certain way.
I think that way came out.
Well, whatever.
So maybe they'll send me a bunch of little bulbs.
You might just mention that to somebody.
I don't know who you'd mention.
Yeah, I'll just flip it up.
Yeah, if we ever have a program director back from all of them,
silly basketball games, maybe they're my vision of them on his way out.
Actor Chris Penn, brother of Sean Penn, was found dead yesterday at a condo near the beach in Santa Monica, California.
Police said they discovered the 40-year-old actor's body around 4 p.m.
They said there were no obvious signs of foul play.
Well, this picture looks pretty foul to me.
Sean Penn's publicist, Mara Bucksbaum,
actually, that's almost like Bearingbaum.
That's one of those names you just have to love.
You know, Bucksbaum, Bearingbaum?
Each of his statements saying that the Penn family would appreciate the media's respect
to their privacy during this difficult time.
I don't know what that means.
In other words, none yet.
Go away.
Right.
His body was found inside the 4-story condo complex after police were called by somebody from within the building.
And on top of that, he was connected to the cause of death.
His credits included Mulholland Falls, Rumble Fish, All the Right Moves, Footloose, and Rush Hour.
Footloose, wasn't that Kevin Bacon?
It's a was.
He also played Nice Guy Eddie Cabin in the 62-quentin Tarantino crime drama Reservoir Dogs,
which I haven't watched in Ukeetown.
You don't watch it.
Don't watch it.
His late father Leo Penn directed television shows his mother, Eileen Ryan,
is an actress whose credits include I Am Sam, Magnovia, and Parenthood.
Another brother's musician, Michael Penn, very talented family, only minus one.
Now he's dead.
His latest film, The Darwin Awards, was scheduled for your Wednesday.
Today, at the Sundance Film Festival, maybe that's why he died.
Maybe he knew his embarrassment.
So Chris Penn is dead.
I never heard of him.
You tell me I did.
But it's one of those people who were through that.
He was the only one who was here.
He was the only one who was here.
Oh, yeah, I know him.
And now he's dead.
He didn't always look that fat.
Here's yesterday's pool.
Who's enthusiastic as him is most annoying?
People are like, way over the top.
We should also put the boogster around there.
It's one thing to be enthusiastic during a ballgame.
It's nothing to be doing a rock and roll talk show.
Hey, everybody, hire it up.
Now, no, no, no, not like that.
A little bit over the top for me, boogster.
But anyway, I prefer our revolving cast of hosts, whoever they are.
We got Curtis today.
I put in a good word for you, Curtis.
Trust me when I'd say that.
I put in a good word.
Didn't do any good, I doubt.
But I'm trying.
Am I my own business?
I've learned in this business, mind your own business.
They ask any questions, say, I don't know, not in.
Don't ask.
I won't tell.
Who's enthusiastic as him is most annoying?
We had 1211 votes.
Pretty good for a crappy pool.
Religious note, 681.
See, it's crappy because it was like really only one choice.
Infomercial host, 111.
Dick Vitale, 83, baby.
Richard Simmons, 83.
Tony Little, 60.
Sports fans, 38.
Recovery Alchoholix, 37.
Especially the ones at Paxton who were always running around with a bottle of dyed coconut
and air on their HRM pit.
Tony Robbins is God.
About 30, man.
Too many teeth.
Political Jockey's 29.
Kojo, 22.
Kudodin Get Any.
God's People, 14.
Trekkies, 12.
And PC gamers.
So am I, they only own say, only 11.
Who did you?
Amazing, I know these numbers in different languages.
I can't speak any languages, but I know the numbers.
Yeah, it's like a big deal.
Kind of stupid.
Oh, he speaks 17 different languages.
Yeah.
Right, he can count to five in like 16 different languages.
Well, good for you.
Here's today's pool.
And we're going to hop right on it.
How many votes we got?
171.
That's not too bad.
I didn't put up there till like a little while ago.
And why didn't I do that?
Well, we had to leave that other one on there while I took the vote.
Who best fits this description?
Someone who needs a personality transplant.
Somebody who's duller than dog poop.
John Kerry, 38.
Like I said, the Democrats better come up with somebody else.
John Kerry, 38.
Al Gore, 34.
Like I said,
Aninacole Smith, 20.
Martha Stewart, 20.
But she's on serious radio.
Martha Stewart.
That was a big cool for Mel Carbazin.
Hey, nice go on, Mel.
You idiot.
You notice you're not hearing anything about any of the other people on there at all?
Who?
Exactly.
I'm serious.
Tiger Woods, 17.
Joseph Gackie, 17.
He had a short lead there for while the John Kerry and Al Gore passed him like he was laid out in a 40-yard line.
Five, greasy eight.
Oh, man.
He was on the wheel of fortune last night and never said a word.
He never said a word.
And the chick won 100,000 bucks.
She did great.
She won a trip to somewhere.
A trip to Mexico.
I think I would throw back and pass last but I'd say here, take these mooshy beans and stick them up.
Van is skirt, okay?
Get out of my face, Pat.
But she won 100 grand.
Pete Samperus 6.
I told you about my meeting him during a Mark Jacobson taping that awful show, The Kindle Toyota Show.
And it was Pete Samperus.
And he was watching us tap our segment first.
And he thought I was just crazy than a bedbug.
No sense of humor.
Everything very uptight.
Now what does this man say?
And then I, after the art taping was done, they introduced me to him.
And I shook.
I reached out to shake his hand.
And wouldn't you think that a tennis player would have...
You were a firm grip?
No, not just a firm grip, but I don't want to say delicate hands because that sounds awfully...
But you know what I mean?
You know what I'm saying?
Like substantial hands.
Yeah, tender, like early...
But he had these small claw clammy hands, like a chimpanzee or something, like a claw.
That's not what you expect a tennis player to have at all.
Expect a tennis player to have great hands.
Anyway, he's bizarre.
Pete Sanford's six, L.A.D.
Generate four, five, Jeff Gordon's got four, Mel Gibson's three, Kevin Cross no three,
and Bernie Williams is never near.
And now how Bernie Williams could have known I have no idea because he is the most expressionist athlete.
Expressionist less athlete.
I've ever seen in my life.
You know what I'm saying, Josh?
Yeah, he's just there.
He is just...
I mean, he's a great player.
You don't take that away from me.
Yeah, he was.
But he is he done now?
No, but he should be.
Oh, he was a great player.
But he just...
He'd never changed any expression in his face.
He always looks like he's just bored to be there, like just give me the money and I don't want to be...
He's very boring guy.
That's his groove.
The Bernie Williams groove.
Does that what they call it?
I guess.
His groove, I thought that was his...
That's what they were talking about.
Flow.
Flow.
Well, that's what I hear.
He spends a lot of time on the flow.
These days, low flow.
Oh, and I...
Next you're going to be saying, Mo...
Toto, Toto, Toto.
Slow.
How often?
I say that now.
Moe flow.
Did you offer you one, Goldie?
Don't forgive Gellie tomorrow and Friday, Toto, for an evolving slot.
And the Moe slot.
There's a lot of strange people winding up in the Moe slot.
This is me who Roger is.
He's my mother.
Tell me, Nino.
Who says, crime go pay.
When you're on the table of the coast and no strong
A distinctive land, or the backhand, in the pocket I've so much pain
San Luisio
Torin' a portion of the super-de-fors
Since you've used it, then so I put the simple right raises
As you stay with the crony ears, you may get paid with the doors
They get paid with the crow's ears
San Luisio
On your borough ground
His foolish honor lifts by the boilers face
Welcome
Welcome Jesus to the ever-veg you
We respect your busy face to be back in the Jersey now
San Luisio
When Rompers said this morning that he was a big fan, he loved Phil Sims
He was just doing that aggravating, wasn't he?
Maybe he never knows
I think he already agreed to me about Phil Sims a long time ago
He probably knows him personally
He has probably one of those things, you know, like you'll buy me a PC
Well, I'm a dislike Bob Reesy, he's boring
I know he likes Joseph Ganky too, but Joe is terminal
He needs a personality transplant
Of course, it's hard to transplant one when you don't have one in the first place
You know what I'm saying?
We say, like Bush, and they talk about Bush's brain
Well, how can you talk about something that don't exist?
Let's see, all in poor Humper, he's getting all over the place
It says for the pool, how about Hansford Buddy Bino Cook
Also for the most part, how about the tag team of Kimba and Goldie?
Oh, stop, stop me
What is wrong with these people?
And you know where that facts came from?
I guarantee it came from across the street
You think?
You want to put Bino Cook on there?
I don't know
Yeah, I did
All right, final segment with Welled Zeno Cook
There's Bino
Anyway, now what's this?
Zeney lost Vegas variety show in town, oh Zeney
You got to, the part they marked is what they wanted to say
Oh Tommy, Tom Brady, we're just talking about him before the show about making pictures
More athletic action at Prime 112
Where New England Patriot Squad are back in Visa MouthPiece, Tom Brady, Dine, while his defensive line protected him from the girls trying to get to him
And the guys, in exchange Brady took the beefy beefy leaders out for dinner using his Visa of course
Well, they can afford it
Like I said, what red-blooded guy or gay, anybody, any male, even some women, what person would want to be Tom Brady, right?
Sure, why not?
Even you would like to be Tom Brady, you would like that money, you would like to look like that, I can't hold it
All I'm hot babes just lined up at the motel door, that'll make some people pay
Like Rimmer for example, he still won't pay by the way
If he was starting with people he's gots out again before we start paying for dinner
Anyway, look at this, male student wins fight to wear a skirt to high school
What kind of skirt is it does, see this is the important part
Well, we're gonna get to it, let me do the story
Now let me just say this, suppose he was Scottish
I, okay I let him
I let him
And suppose he wanted to wear a kilt to school, well if he was a skirt and a kilt don't have
I don't think they were not underneath of either, they do actually
You think Sam, where's a kilt on the supernet, that's where you haven't seen the show yet
When you see the show you'll know what I'm talking about, you'll say oh yeah there's that faggot at it again
That's what Josh was thinking, as soon as he saw that show he was thinking oh yeah I know why that old queen watches this show
Isn't that what you were thinking?
That's exactly what I was thinking
And you know what you were right
And you thought well at least he's got good taste anyway
I don't know what that is
Get out of here, it's too late for that now
You were too late before the show, you said why I sure wish I was one of those two guys
Yeah, that's what I said
Yeah, so you could sleep with your brother
At least there were sleeping in different bed for the cameras anyway, what's wrong with you?
This wasn't like the bear back cowboy, you got this confused with a damn movie
That the president claims he didn't see it
I thought it was gonna go that way
Yeah, I bet you did, you're probably hoping
The phone call comes in daddy and you know I thought it was gonna be a little hug there or something
WDQAM, hello
Hi Neil, how are you?
Okay
Good, listen I got a guy for your poll
I don't know if anybody's gonna know who he is
But he's really in the name's wrong, Ben Stein
Oh I agree, sure everybody knows who that is
Yeah, when Ben Stein's me, right, he's a terminal ponderous guy
And also a real right wing jackass dude
When Ben Stein's money
Another one of those Jim Stein's, you know right wing brother
Keep your own money Ben Stein, all the Georgia takes them out
Until he gets that raise, by the way, how's your raise coming Josh Cortes?
But you haven't heard a word about that, have you?
I bet you're right
Well I think that once we eliminate the program director position
I think they'll free up some cash for you guys that deserve to be making some money
Yeah, Clarins has decided he wants to be a little sports nerd
He wants to be Mike Rosenthal, I'll do the argue
I think that's what he ought to be doing
W-D-Q-A-M, hello
You watch America night last night, Neil?
I beg your pardon?
You watch America night last night?
No, I don't watch America night last night or any other night, no I did not
All right, I'm a good day man
Do you watch supernatural last night?
What?
Yeah, I said have a nice night
Yeah, speaking of supernatural W-D-Q-A-M, hello
Well he's getting there early this, by the way for those who don't recognize the boys
That's your buddy, Gilbert Solomon by the way
Who actually drives a car and pretends to be like, you know, put on his own pants
56670560, 0.569, well, little Joey didn't have to get screened, you know
And he put the little Joey, he got nothing to say Josh
If you guys think I'm gonna put up with this, you're the crazy
Because I'm not put standing stuff with this, you're gonna put me on the air
And this is the amazing Gilbert, reminding you not to drink and drive this holiday season
Yeah
This thought that I was stubborn, stupid
Absolutely
Yeah, no we didn't think
Look at those phones boy, this week is the week from hell on this phone
You know what?
You'd almost think that this was a holiday week
Right, last week was just fine
Even starting on a Monday
I just don't get it
56670560, Tom 560 under Verizon's singular wireless line
Maybe now these people all got to hold their roofers and their pool repair people
And all the other, you know
It's still a long take it for me because I know it's a long ways from people getting their life back together again
Trust me when I tell you
Yeah
A male high school student, this is in Hasbrook, Heizard, New Jersey
See now that I'm gonna do this story now, a bunch of lines
I'll get to you when I feel like it
A male high school student can wear a skirt to school after the ACLU reached an agreement with school officials
You go, what's his name, Mike?
You go Mikey?
Doing a heck of a job
The ACLU announced that he was yesterday will allow a Hasbrook Heizard school senior to wear a skirt
To protest the school's no short policy, he's making a statement
So this breaks the dress code ban, ban shorts between, and that's a dress code
Okay, in other words, don't wear a code dress
Ban shorts between October 1 and April 15, but allow a skirt to policy 17-year-old Michael Coveyellow believes is the discriminatory
And I think he is
Absolutely correct sir
I'm happy to be able to wear a skirt to again to bring attention to the fact that the ban on shorts doesn't make any sense
Coveyellow said in his statement
The Hasbrook Heizard super intended Joseph C. Luongo
Oh, man, did he play a hell of a game last night for most of the game till he had a SN
Didn't return telephone messages left to as they see in comment
Coveyellow first wore a costume-style dress, but high school officials told him to go home and change
The district superintendents advised the Coveyellow family to purchase everyday dress and skirts at a retail store
Which Coveyellow did the ACLU said
But after a few days he was sent home with a note from his principal saying if he wore a dress, a kilt or a skirt, he could no longer attend school
And the court said, guess what?
How do you like that?
The ACLU intervened, they said Yamama
Yeah, he couldn't wear a dress, a kilt or a skirt
That was part of his religion
I just don't get it
They said if you come to school dressed like that, you will be killed
You've got to stick your spoon in it, lad, don't worry, it's not going to break
Exactly
So we had to probably take a pole on that and now we already got our other pole
But what do you think about your son going to school wearing a dress or a skirt?
Wouldn't that be lovely?
Depends if it clashes with his shoes and his blouse, I would have noticed
He sure is right
WQAM, hello
Hi, yeah, I have a spider fort
Yeah
Papano, harness track
What's going to be now?
Just sponsored
WQAM, hello
QAM
Hey, Neil
Charles Belay, how are you?
Charles Belay
Yes, sir
You're not related to Enrico Belay, are you?
I listen all the time, people say, hey, Neil, say something, no, I'm not
How you doing? Hey, listen, Neil, I have a question for you
What do you mean, where you're saying something, no, he's not? Who, who the hell are you?
What's that?
Who are you?
You know me, Neil
Charles Belay?
Correct
You usually call me Chuck Billy
What do you do, Charlie?
I work at Channel 7
Oh, Charlie Belay from Channel 7, now I know
How am I supposed to know? I don't watch Channel 7, I'm never there, so how would I be watching that stupid?
I mean, I create Channel
Yeah, absolutely
Charlie Belay, we got a local celebrity here
Oh my God
So what's up, Charlie?
Hey, I have a question, you know, Neil, I listen here and there, but, and I know that they kind of look at me
You look at me, this here and there, you listen to this, you've got your radio glued on this show, man
Look, here and near my ass
Yeah, you're right, you're right, you copy
Anyway, I know that you're not allowed to do this, you're not allowed to do that, the heart sounds all of that what?
Definitely, I have the Neil and what do they think you are?
I'm just kind of curious
Well, wait a minute, they say to me about what?
Yeah, about what you can and can't do, I mean, put in the collar on you, I just, you know, I just don't think it's right
They said whatever you want to do, don't do it
Yeah, that's a choice, that's that Joyce Fitch bitch over there in the West Coast
So this company hasn't got a clue of what the FCC is all about or what the regularly, and which I understand that
So when did that just leave it up?
But now we've got a boss that's going to bet for our heart sounds, how do you like that?
Yeah
In fact, there was something based on my conversation with him yesterday
I think I might just start slipping a few heart sounds in or today because he has no problem with, he has no objection
Oh, we can't get a conclusion that Joyce Fitch has never farted in her life and as a result, the sound might just be a little overwhelming for
Yeah, well
I can just imagine the aroma, put you in the coma
Yes
Have a great day Neil, I love you
You too Charlie, welcome to the WQM dysfunctional family, thanks a lot Charlie, and say hi to all my old friends here at Channel 7
We'll do
I don't have any, but say hi anyway
Yeah, I'll tell everyone you said hi
Tell John Turchin is still there by the way, they blow his ass out
No, John Turchin is now working with John Walsh on America's most wanted, and if you've watched that show it all, you hear John doing his reports all the time
He ought to be one of them by the way, John Turchin looks like an urchin, okay, thanks a lot Charlie, thanks a lot for your name and see you
Charles Vellai from Channel 7, I'm kind of embarrassed because I didn't know who that was in the beginning, should I be embarrassed?
I still don't know
Get out of here on Channel 7, man, you better start watching Channel 7
One thing I watch on Channel 7 is the, you know, the selection is kind of the effect that you're full of it
You know what I'm saying?
I'm not using it anyway, because he was in naked broads, naked judge cutie
Yeah, oh brother
Oh sister, naked judge Joyce
Yeah, oh
First guy says go ahead and play the fart sounds, what are you saying?
Now who's in charge today?
A Robert Creeper?
About the first time, I'm sure that Clara isn't back from Virginia, is he?
I haven't seen him
Yeah, see what a joke that is?
I think Josh is over here
Yeah, I'm in charge
Josh Cores is in charge now, can we play the fart sounds or what?
Yeah, you're good to go
Are we?
Yeah, wait a minute
Okay, because I talked to our general manager yesterday, he thinks it's just Asuna
He said Joyce is a silly-ass bitch, and I think it's Asuna and it's well-to, rip one
Then what does George think?
Well, I'm not going to rip one, right, tear one
Well, I got a fine one for, oh wait, how about this, now this is not a fart
See?
Okay
It's just a sound
I mean, nobody ever farted in a sound like that, right?
No, I never, no
You're so
This is a great
Any questions?
The hard-stopping action continues with a new season of 24 unvox
When a game CTE agent, Jack Bauer, is called back to action
Agent Bauer is CTE, we need you
Oh crap, now I'm-
I'm not going to rip this one
I'm not going to rip this one
I'm not going to rip this one
I'm not going to rip this one
I'm not going to rip this one
I'm not going to rip this one
I'm not going to rip this one
I'm not going to rip this one
I'm not going to rip this one
I'm not going to rip this one
I'm not going to rip this one
I'm not going to rip this one
I'm not going to rip this one
I'm not going to rip this one
24 is back on Fox
Will there be evil double-edges involved?
Yes
How about satellite tracking device?
Yes
Flinkert protocol violation?
Yes
How about mortally wounded dogs who whisper cryptic information before losing consciousness?
Of course!
What can you leave get rid of that annoying picking clock?
No!
It's 24 with the annoying clock
It's 11.03
I'm hard on clock
I'll help you here
Don't keep saying Fox
We have very upset on the Internet
Fox
And back at you
Anyway, we got Curtis Stevenson at 2 this afternoon
Mad Dog from the Bank Atlantic Center
At 4 o'clock
Probably a hockey intensive, I hope not
Panther peeped with 630
Panther's in the Hurricanes at 7 o'clock
Night the Red Hot Carolina Hurricanes
With your good buddy Ray Whitney
And Eddie Kaplan after the hockey game
The US Senator Bill Losson said
Yesterday he plans to vote against
And by the way, I was remiss yesterday
I didn't give you the information which was a foregone contusion
That the Senate Judiciary Committee
That they voted 10 to 8 to ascend the
A little confirmation of the full Senate
And of course it was 10 Republicans for and all 8 Democrats against
And that's the part I didn't mention
Because you asked before to show it to show
Right
Now it's got to go to the full Senate
And of course he'll get confirmed
But it's going to be a little bit closer than the Republicans would like
Which is why they're glad it's hidden a late-office
Probably next week
US Senator Bill Losson said yesterday he plans to vote against
Samolitos confirmation of the Supreme Court
You go, Billy
All right
Losson announced his decision in a statement from his Washington
Orifice shortly after the Senate Judiciary Committee
favorably recommended leaders Yadi Yadi on a party line vote
His many legal writings, judicial opinions, and evasive answers
At both his hearing and in our private meeting
Commits me he would tilt the scales of justice in favor of big government
Said, Oli, whatever name is Bill Losson
He's another one, I could use a personality transplant
Put him on, or Senator Bill Losson
What about his he boring
I mean I'm glad he's voting against this fascist
But the full Senate is expected to vote later this week or early next week
Oli, though picked up the support last week of Florida's other US Senator
Fashista Republican Mel Martinez
Fashista rhymes with Batista Mel Martinez
You quizzling you
You're fair
God, I hate him
Nelson and Democrats, you can re-election in November as likely to find himself
Fourth to defend his decision in this year's campaign
Oh yeah
Who wrote this car?
Or Channel 7 news?
Sidness and Rico Baleida call before
Chuck Baleida, I can't believe you don't know who that is
I didn't know who he is
I don't know
His office was quick to show Nelson that the lawmaker had voted for 215 in the President Bush's 225 judicial picks
Including Chief Justice John Roberts
He'll be doing the weekend news on CBS with that very gray hair
Alingo, who was chosen by Bush to succeed
Reterry Justice Sandro Geo Connor
Spent nearly an hour with Nelson last week in the Senator's office
And I mean, it didn't work out
It didn't bring enough money, I guess
As opposed to a Jim Bunning, which Alito said, oh, I'm a big Philly Span
And when you autographed this picture
It reminded me of that scene in the instances where
What's his name?
Lee Jay Cobb says who the mother?
Right
He says, oh, I need to do this
But could I have an autograph for my little girl?
She's a big fan of all your movies
And she says, oh, what's your name?
Yeah, I lied, it's for me
He was so great, Lee Jay Cobb
What was her name again?
I played the actor's mom
We always do that, we can't use our head to make a big...
I'll confuse her with a one from Cookus Nest
That played Miss Rand Nurse Randerson
I just confuse her with a blank
What?
Isn't it the same one?
Alan Burston?
No, Alan Burston is the correct answer
Louise Flutcher is...
Nobody, Alan Burston is in record for a dream
So how can we not know that?
Even though she's about 100 years older than
Because it's exactly
These names are just Burston out of my brain, Alan's Burston
That's what he plays Reagan's mother
Correct
And who played Captain Howdy?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, huh?
Howdy, Captain
Boy, I don't know what kind of...
I tell you, that's why the world is the way it is today
Because most of these people
They didn't grow up watching Howdy, Doody
So how many QAM, hello?
Hello, is this the correct answer?
Yes, it is
Yeah, I just have to say I am breathless with excitement
Because I heard the poopy
You heard Charles Bely on the ears?
Is that what they did for you?
You know who that is?
Yeah, from Channel...
Listen, I'm just taking it on my own draping a couple of those in there
Because I mean, I had a conversation with our new general manager yesterday
And he thinks that Joyce is just way out of line and he's right
And so if I get in a hot water car, I think he'll have to jump in the tub too
It's just ridiculous
We have taken too much from a bitch that hasn't got any idea
We got a program director who wouldn't know a radio show that isn't about sports from his toenails
And we need to get with it, man
We need to book up on his station
Can I just say how he just...
And now I'm gonna...
I'm gonna dare you to throw one down in the clear
Come on
Throw one down?
Yeah
Okay, well I'm leaving on one cheek now
So you want to do a bite?
On the BL
There you go
5,6,7,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,1 down in the clear
What is that?
A pneumatic press
Yeah, now he's like...
Now we got fart requests on the show
So he's a conductor
That makes it gratuitous
You're just trying to stir up a plot, that's all
He's probably calm from across the street
And by the way, I didn't hear no fart sounds
When?
Exactly
We aren't playing any fart sounds
These are just sound effects, that's all
Like, that's so fart
I know, I'm 63 years old
I never in my life farted once
That sounded like...
Anything like that
And believe me, I fart a lot
Oh God
A lot
Including some time in the elevator
And I'm just praying that when I get to the bottom
That nobody I know is down, they're gonna get in
If you drop a bowl of oatmeal upside down, it sounds like that
Like that?
Yeah, that's oatmeal, drop it on the floor
Can't you tell?
I got this belly
72 a.m. fart central, hello
Hey, Neil, how you doing there?
Pretty good, pali
All right, I heard the thing with Charles Pillai
Who was that?
Who was he?
The Channel 7 anchor guy
Now does he anchor it?
I got this for him, most of the people over there at Channel 7
Even anchor around their ankles, I'll tell you that
It's Belkies, I don't know whether this is...
Oh, you mean Jettmoss, I still hear his narrate, yeah
Unbelievable, I can't believe it's good on the air
But anyway, here's the one to ask you
Yeah
Yeah, I'll tell you something
You mentioned Sally Fist every now and then
And her name popped up and I...
I was just...
It was just a... yeah, that's a say
She said he was telling me that there's some story behind the whole thing
And I never...
Can you enlighten me on this?
I'll tell you what, I'll give you the short answer
All right, Sally Fist would say, take it up your ass
There's the answer to your question, okay?
Moving right along, by the way, he does weekends
Enrico Boli?
Yeah, 5, 6, and Ted B.M. on the weekends
All right
No, I'm embarrassed because he called...
Assuming that I knew who he was
And of course, I'm not there most of the time
Even when I am there, I almost never watch Channel 7 news
Which he may be a very good news guy
I get to he be GBS when I turn on Channel 7
I go, oh, I feel unclean, you know
I can't believe it for me in years
It goes to Ricky Sanchez, how he covers over my body
And John Turchin, I remember last time I saw John Turchin
He was scalping tickets for a Panther game
And he called Miami Arena
You know, John Turchin worked at WS News
And I'm the one who put him on the news with the Cori's a Wado
Who?
Cori's a Wado, they were like a flunky news people
And WS News 100 years ago
He was not a bad guy, John Turchin
Kind of a tough up ego, but nevertheless
You know who else I wonder whatever happened to
Who was the news guy, Alessir?
Do you know I had a dream last night in the dream
Alessirantel was in it and Russ Oasis
Is that the start of the whole of the dream?
Well, I always had the end
It wasn't a nightmare, it was just another one of these radio dreams
I'm sure that the events at the last 48 hours have precipitated that
Would the company screw with my paycheck again all this stuff?
I'll tell you one thing, thank God for Joe Bell
He is going to, he will bring us out of the depths of the spirit this place
He is the Jesus Christ of QAM
When we think of the kind of lack of support and the lack of anything
Even in involvement we had from the prior regime
You know, a guy that doesn't return anybody's phone calls
He has to just ignore us all of us
Unless when he gives you a dirty look in the hallway
And then like, he's another guy that probably
Farts in the hallway if he hears you coming down the hall and runs real fast
So you think, oh that was a mode did that
That was somebody else, that's a good idea
Yeah, just a real choice when in the hallway
And run around the corner real quick
He heard some footsteps, especially if you think it was somebody that didn't like
Then it turned out it was Tommy that was coming down the hall
And Tommy of course snitched
Because Tommy, what?
Well Tommy's one of the good people he's on our side
So he told us that Greg farted real bad in the hallway
And I think that was the last blow for the beastlies
You know, when they found out that Greg was dropping wind passing
Passing gas in the hallway and that was the end of his act
12
12 minutes after 11
What a silly bunch of people man
What a silly that joy
I'd like, you know what, we'd like to tie her up
And hang her upside down from a, from a gigantic flagpole for about a month
Maybe anything that blood will rush to her brain is supposed to be, she wise up
Oh you can't say this and you can't do that
And you sure can't say this
Yeah, Shaila, let me say this
She would owe a radio if you stuck 15 transistor radios where Sally Fitzmite
Mercedes McAverage was the voice of Captain Howdy, that is correct
Not, now what does it say?
Not many, many mouths
I don't know, I can't read the bottom
Neither, it's cut off on mine too
No, it's cut off on the facts so whoever had any pearl
No, we already got that straight out of a long time ago
I always used to say it was somebody else
But Mercedes McAverage did the voice of Captain Howdy
I think it does say many pearls down there though
In addition to which, no, that wasn't the voice of Captain Howdy
Captain Howdy didn't have a voice
Because what you remember when Reagan was lying in bed and the shrink was saying
Is there somebody in there with you and is it yes
And is it Captain Howdy? No
That wasn't Captain Howdy, that was the evil
Captain Howdy was an imaginary thing that she made up
Don't you get it? So, get us one
I got a real voice
Mercedes McAverage was the voice of the evil demon in Reagan
And in Lover 2
That's the time I ran away
That's Captain Howdy
What? The evil demon, that's what Reagan called it
Before it is? Before it, yeah
Remember, she told her mother that she had a red
Her wee wee board?
Right, the Captain Howdy turned out to be the demon
I never knew that
Yeah, she told her mother that I'm here
Next thing you're going to tell me was Charles Voli
Who?
11-14-5-60, the beast has lost 8 pounds
I'm balanced for life and a lot of you hear it's the 25th of January
And you're like loblin' about that new year's resolution to get rid of that ugly disgusting, very unhealthy fat
And I'll start as a retard in writing on the bus with my sister to the subway where I beg for change
All right, are you communists? I'm a retard over here
From what you can in the box
Do you read no retard? Why? Sure I am
How? I'm like a...
Be got, I get a load of this
I hate this place
Nothing works here, I've been standing here for seven years
Have medications come work
When I grow up, I want to look just like Captain Pleasant
And people forget who I am
It's a black guy, I'll steal my act
Rosie O'Donnell, I look pal, I've redotted
See?
O'errrr, o'errrr
O'errrrr, you're a little bit...
In writing on the bus with my sister to the subway where I beg for change
If people have looked, I'm very shy of them
Just to decide the meaning to...
O'errrr, I'm an Ahman Ahman
Oh yeah
Cute! See now that was just a feeding tube
Correct
Because now people are going to start getting paranoid
Every time they hear any kind of a sound, they're like
Oh, there's another one in front sounds
Yeah, no, no, nobody's farting here
That's for damn sure
Kind of like...
Right? That is even close
That's bril cream, you know, things
But that will do you
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 6, 10, I feel like we've been emancipated today
Wow, but only LT? Yeah
Well, you're eating up in the BLT
You're going to be farting all over the place too
Thanks, Alex
It's about time and again, you know, when you've got people that are going to go to band four
And like they're standing behind you as opposed to like
Oh, you know, like some of the cowardly middle-level management people we've had
Oh, when you do, you better not do it
I remember that one day a couple of years ago
I'm sitting in that studio where your ass is right now
And it's 2 o'clock and after the show
Here comes the double duel of the...
Daring duo
The Daring duo with the one with the cape on
I don't want to say which one
You're very...
And Duff and Clarence and it come in
Oh, they're very sensitive and joyful to meet but they've looped it up and this
And they're rattling off a bunch of words to me
Like, hello and goodbye, like no matter what they'll say
What you can't do with this
And you can... Why even bother opening the mic and doing a show for Christ's sake?
You know what? To think how safe we'll be if we don't say anything
Yeah
In fact, that's one thing that our general manger said to me as they said
You know, it sounds to me like you can't do much of anything
I said, that's why it's a miracle we still got numbers on this show
Because we're not allowed to do anything
We got a nervous nelly over there and we got two nervous nelly's been in middle-level management for the last few years now
Oh gee, whatever you say Joyce
Well, screw you Joyce, how do you like that, honey?
And put a little peanut butter and jelly on it too
God
Leave the broadcasting to us, okay?
We're not the ones who put Scott for well on the year
We're not the ones who put the Stern's Yuan
What a guy sitting in there with 85 dump buttons having a nervous breakdown
And dumping every other word
Like the day that Howard did a whole show on Farts and we had music playing for like two and a half hours
Remember that day?
So I remember it
Yeah, I taped it
How do you like that? We had music playing
I can't understand why that thing didn't work out for us
Oh brother
How many QANs? Hello
Uncle Neil, what's the deal I hear you rant and raven?
Yeah, I'm rantin
Listen, I was with one of your best friends last night and he loves you
Chuck the Lie
No Kim Bo camper
Kimba, how's Kima doing?
The kid was doing great, he wants to know how come when he's on before you or he's on after you
You don't do any verbal intercourse with him
I do only verbal intercourse with a Humper, that's it, that's enough for me
He does love you though, I was with him
I love him too, he's a great guy and he's got that big counter in front of the university dog, what's not to like?
He was telling me the story about the first time he met you at IOD, he said a lotty in the hallway, he was picking up a check
20 minutes later he's driving to go wherever you were on the other, you started ripping him right out the bed
He goes, ah, Neil likes me, I love that
Yeah, that's right, if I rip you that means I like you a lot
You almost do that for sure
And back at you
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, I love Kimba, he's a dullard on the ear but he doesn't mind that
He knows it, he's not one of those people for the pool today, he doesn't need a personality transplant
Because he's got a personality, just a dull one, you know what I mean?
Well, there's a difference, hey you're all the way up there where you're safe
Well, what does that mean? I'm not worried about him
He loves me, just like this guy just said
Because he's got a sense of humor
If you didn't have a sense of humor, do you think I would say those things in the first place?
He'd probably be on the first, the plane coming up, see what I'm saying?
I'm not nervous
Okay, what do we got on the pool here so far?
Now let me ask you, his parents actually in there or not?
Not?
You did not show up
See, this is what I'm saying and it's not personal, it's strictly business
But there are just too many issues that need to be dealt with there
It's supposed to be a business and if you're going to like to go to a monkey business
and take two, three days off to go do a little ball game
Then we got nobody running the ship and it's general manager
I'm sure is inherited by a bunch and not just sure I'm positive
That he's inherited so many different problems, man
He doesn't have time to be poaching around worrying about who's made the schedules out
And who got the paycheck and who's on first, you know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
I'm saying get what it clearance
When he comes back I want to both of you to grab him in a hallway and just beat the living crap out of him
Beat him since in him
Alright, you do the grab in the Josh
Get his priorities, he'll grab it
Who best fits this?
Someone who needs a personality transplant
John Kerry 61, Al Gore 58, Martha Stewart 35
God, anybody want any cookies?
And it kind of reminds me of Sandy Payton
Now we're not going to put her on because she hasn't been on the year in about 100 years
But the same monotone 60 cycle tone at the same boring
There's nothing worse than boring, okay?
Have a nice one
That's what I'm sitting here like the guy said, Ranting and Raving
I don't know what I'm talking about but I'm Ranting and Raving
And there you go beat me to it
I would love to keep you all from myself
Oh, gosh, he's talking to Anne Bishop there by the way
And I laid out on the slab once she said it
I think she didn't keep her all to herself
Yeah, all the money anyway
Everybody ever take the casket?
Anne and Nicole at Tisket and Tisket
Anne and Nicole Smith 31
Tiger Woods has got
Bop 3rd man
Boy is he boring
And of course he plays a boring game
Not a sport a game
Joseph Yankee 29, Bob Greasy 17
Oh, Bobby, is he ever terminal?
Mel Gibson 15, Kevin Costner 9
Seems a thing with Hank, you notice this?
Everybody I say, which anybody in a sports fraternity is obviously a friend of his
Because he knows everybody and he likes 90% of him
And so he'll always respond by saying, oh I like so and so
You know, I like Bob Greasy
I like, you know, and that's fine because I'm not saying I don't like them
I'm saying that the can't you say that you've got a friend who's boring?
No
Oh, well Bob Greasy's boring 17
Mel Gibson 15, Kevin Costner 9, Pete Sanfress
With those clammy hands, he's got 9
Jeff Gordon 7, LND Generate 8, gay 6
What do they have in common?
Bino Cook 4, Bernie Williams is trying to get up here
And Senator Bill Nelson's gotten none
That's because nobody knows who he is
You know, the fact that we used to have Bobby Graham and now we got Mel Martina's
What does that tell you about America's march drive to the far right?
Huh?
What does that tell you about the green tooth no speaking English cry?
Oh, what does it say?
What does that say?
What does that say?
Embarrassing, Mel Martina's my ass
Just another fascist in drag
That she's that fascist that we love by teesta and that's it, that's what it's all about
You're a people man, that whole thing with the fascist
They embrace it, they love it
And you want to know why because it's diametrically posits the opposite
Pull from communism, see?
So communism is bad, the fascism must be great
It's spectacular
Yeah, there you go
26 past 11
Oh, am I, I'm just full of it today, full of energy and take a drink
Of what?
Water
Oh, we can't say water
Oh, sorry Joyce, sorry Joyce is going to get suspended for that
I am that hemorrhoid, can't say that either has to do with that
Hey, if you're in a dead end job speaking of Joyce, what I tell you, they need to unload that bitch
If you're in a dead end job, if you're underpaid, if you knew your resolution is a high-paying career that act now
Pick up the phone and call fast train right now at 866 fast train
Now get your train ready for a new high-paying career in just a few short months
That's right, get a new high-paying career in just a few short months
See the man from medical coding specialist and computer professionals is at an all-time high
Fast train offers convenient day, evening and weekend classes
Drop placement assistance financially for people to qualify too
Pick up the phone and call fast train toll free at 1 866 fast train
They placed over 100 people just like you in 2005
Check fast train out on the web at fast train.com
But whatever you do, act now, do it now to get you a new high-paying career
Because classes are filling up fast
This year, don't miss that train of opportunity, make your new years resolution reality, get out of your dead end job
Get you a big fat paycheck and a real life that goes along with it
Call them toll free at 1 866 fast train and be sure to tell them the Todd Dreck told you to call 1 866 fast train
This is Neil Rogers
This is 566 QA Day
You got to get it on fast
No
Where am I shopping for the cashier line?
I'm stuck behind the old bag almost every time
Where my life's in the shape for the things you hide
Harding in line
Harding in line
Harding in line
Harding in line
Look the crowd
See everybody head panning down
To avoid the blood
To the thanks to Mrs. Peefine
Harding in line
Harding in line
Harding in line
Harding in line
Righting out a jack as he's farting away
But they won't accept jacks from the thankful bomb bay
So she showers her change first or end
These are two fun and fun
While farting in line
Harding in line
Harding in line
Harding in line
Harding in line
All the time
I want to say that he can't find
The old bag looking so
So fly with the little smile
Harding in line
Harding in line
Harding in line
Harding in line
Harding in line
Next thing we'll be picking our nose on here
28 till noon at QAM
Over the weekend
Time Magazine
A Washington, Tony and Tony
Both reported on five photos
A President Bush and Jack Abramoff
But neither publication revealed it's source
Yesterday, think progress
Layed out the case for why the source of photos
Was likely Abramoff himself
Last night, our hunts was confirmed
Says rawstory.com
You following me or why?
Appearing on MSNBC Newsread correspondent Michael Isikoff
Recording that it was indeed Abramoff
Who floated the photographs to the Washington
Tony and Isikoff said
How? How do you spell that?
MSNBC Newsread
MSNBC Newsread
Now what was that song?
What song?
MSNBC Newsread
MSNBC Newsread
It was in bunch of initials followed by
The name of the group was like MSNBC Newsread
Remember that?
No, don't give it
What year more or less?
1802
Isikoff said as a general rule
If you're the president, you don't like pictures out there
Of you with convicted felons
It sounds like there's at least one picture
Him with at least one convicted felon and another indicted
So it's probably not a picture the White House is eager to have out there
Amethyst B?
That's it, MFSB
Now what do you think the MFS stands for?
Mighty Fine Music?
Right
Mighty Fine Sound Bro
The Soul Frame thing
That is correct
Toilia
The other actress even keep that going
The other interesting aspect of this is
While the White House hasn't put these out, Jack Abramoff has clearly shown them to people
I don't know anything about time sources but I do know Isikoff said that he showed them to Washington, Tony magazine
Which suggests he made me play a little bit of a game here
He has of course played guilty already to the Justice Department
But it does raise a question in my mind, at least as to whether Abramoff is maybe sure to send some sort of signal out here
Hey, I've got this stuff
Maybe he wants something from somebody at the White House
Or he just wants someone at the White House not to do something
And just sort of subtly playing with people here
The games that people play, how do you like that?
The Soul Frame theme, my MFSB, It's Oliya, Mighty Fine Sound Bro
That's what I think is
Mighty Fine Sound Bro
Okay, kill it
5670560, Pomp 560
Now that farting and lying thing ties right in with what we were talking about
Wasn't it before about people standing like a super marketer and elevators
Right
Like Greg dropping a passing some gas in the hallway
5670560, I'll tell you what, then we need to have like a whole team of exterminators in that building
You would have all the ostensit, that he's left behind in there
Well, he's probably still hanging around
I would say a witch doctor in a century, a priest, my dear neighbor
There you go, nail a couple of chickens on his old orfus door
W-Q-A-M, hello
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, paly
I'm trying to sort of, Neil, I'm sorry, Shaqila Neil
That guy could put me to sleep as soon as he opens his mouth
Shaq?
Shaq
Yeah
Okay, I don't know, is he that boring Shaq, I guess?
Not real
So anyway, do you want to know what that stands for?
MFSB, might be fine
No
Mother,
Mo,
Father
Son, brother, sister, brother
Mother, father, sit a brother
MFSB, yeah, yeah, I don't think so, I don't believe it
Anytime they start tossing that MF stuff at me, man, they're not fooling me
Maybe Marvin, raw man thinks I don't get it, but I get it
You know, I'm something from what I hear
Yeah
In fact, why did we hire Mo Fault in the first place?
Fault of money
Yeah, that Marvin, he's such an idiot
You know, he's your friend though, I mean, probably a certain personal buddy
He's an idiot, he's an idiot
And what I said is not wrong with that, a lot of us have friends who are idiots, what's wrong with that?
Yeah, you got a river, let's compare
I said friends
346 votes, who best fits this, he's only my friend when I'm a buying dinner, okay?
I told you that story, that's a true story, he tells me yesterday
Oh, when are you going to be back in Florida and I give him like some dates, but guess what I lied, okay?
Just like Lee J. Cobb said, the exorcist, I lied
Whenever you're going to be there, remember, I won't
And he says, oh, well, let's go to Room Chris, I said no thanks
Yeah, exactly
Ever see those two together? Same person
Oh, man, we pick only the hair piece has been replaced to protect the guilty
Someone who needs a personality transplant, John Kerry 65 and Al Gore 63
Boy, no one of the Democrats are off the tourist baby, they got real issues
Man, Martha Stewart 40, Joe Zagaki 37
Good guy, now there's another example, good guy just, I mean, so boring you could want to sit on a curb and cry like Fredo and the Godfather
Again
Tiger Woods 34 and Nicole Smith 32, Bob Greacy 18, he should be much higher, but I guess most of you folks never like, you know, really paid that much attention to him
And it's easy to understand why because he doesn't say anything
Oh, I was just like I told the Humperide, where I listen to Bob Greacy do in a game, then Phil Sims any day, I think Josh would agree
No? Yeah, I mean, it's marginal, I'm not saying Greacy is good, but at least he doesn't, not a motor mouth
He doesn't put on some foamy fine, if fine, and the time, and the line, and right about the 40 odd line
Oh, Phil Sims accent isn't what gets me, it's what he's saying
Yeah, plus he never, he never stops talking, he's always wrong and plus he never shuts up kind of like Denise Popfan
That was good, when Denise was trying to get straight, but from maybe he's trying to get straight or fired
Because, well, you know, we can't accentuate the positive, but that was a, Nathan Horton's got to put that shot on the net, and right after his straighter said, well, you know, shut up already, you're gonna get me fired
Denise, you, idiot, you frog
Yeah, that's the truth, the Panther organization has been all over the day straighter like stink on a Rimmer, man
You got to accentuate the positive, don't even if we lose 100 in a row, or you got to like, it must be really tough to work for people like that
I mean, look at what we got, well, at least we got a new general manger now, anyway, good guy
He's probably gonna get me fired now, but anyway, ask me if I care, do you care? I'll just go to exam for all those rednecks, I'll do a cut to music talk show, man
There you go, I can go with a flow
Mel Gibson 15, Kevin Costard 10, Pete Samperes 10, with a clammy hands, Jeff Gordon 7, Bino Cook's got 6, well all the Hank's buddies are around here, they're all boring
LNG, generous 6, Bernie Williams 3, Senator Bill Nelson 2, and Ben Stein has got 1
You want Ben Stein's money? No, I'll take everybody's money if they're giving it out
But I wouldn't take his, I wouldn't touch his money with a fish net
I would, I would with my brother on
I can't get anybody's money, I can understand that, and of course, Josh, he keeps waiting there, you know, see they're playing the same game with him, they've always done
How many times have we seen this happen?
About 30 men
People are supposed to get a raise in like a stall and they stall, because every month it goes by, it's another month they don't have to pay them extra 80 cent or whatever it's gonna be
You know, I mean, it amounts to like nothing, like a tinkle in the snow
Which way, do we have any snow here? No, no, sun is shining
I know I'm gonna push my luck and probably February or March, we're gonna have like, hellish winter, but there hasn't been any winter
It's just very bizarre folks, very strange
Let's see, Gloria Stain, the old, the fart sounds are back in my life, where can I send this guy a Christmas card?
I feel whole again, and it says, F you bush
Well, it's maybe a sign, F you bush, maybe those are his initials
Look at that, you know what the temperature is already?
I think about 30 men
Oh, it's not gonna be too warm today, they said the high was gonna be like 26, it's already 30, so they lied
Friday, sunny and 43, and Saturday, partly sunny and 40 here
And it's the ass end of January
Have you ever heard of such a thing in your life? No, no, lately
Now probably the weather's gonna turn real bad when Hank goes to Detroit, you don't wanna be in Detroit in a winter time
Oh man, I don't wanna be in Detroit in a summer time
I would say this, having a good part of my life, I'd have to my life up north
And that is that in Michigan is the worst, now I'd never been like him in Minnesota or like in...
I can only imagine up in Canada, I mean way up there, like a Caluet and a Moose Jaw and whatever
But, and Buffalo is horrendous and Roxy is through too, but Michigan
The winners are so bitter and there's a wind that blows through you, man
Like, airy selling your body is getting like ripped to shreds, you know what I mean? Like you feel that, yeah
No matter how much clothing, how many layers you wear, man, it just goes right through your ass, then they're done that
Oh God, Michigan East Lansing was really bad in Detroit, forget about it
Wow
See, because I think Detroit is on the ass end of Buffalo
In other words, all the big nasty stuff, it starts there like in Central and Eastern Michigan
It gains all the energy in Detroit, it rumbles across the
Ambassador bridge and then it goes across the Queen Elizabeth way
And when it gets to like the Eastern Ontario, it dips out at Toronto, okay, just as being nice to me
And it goes right through that golden horse shoe, ass
Hamilton Niagara and then Buffalo, oh man, and the pew and Batavia and Lee Roy and Rochester and El Maira and Scenectady and Syracuse
Oh God, and Albany, holy moly, and a water town, are you ever in the water town?
No, sorry, my God
Used to be, we'd watch in the weather there in Rochester, well they got a 44th drift of snow and water town
Well, you know how high 40 feet is?
About yay high?
That's higher than fat boys ass, 40 feet of snow
So like I said, stay out of those places
That is Detroit baby, here's what
No further details, please, bye
I will start with your guy from the Spokane
Stay there, hey, hey
There you have a criminal that girl in our police files
And we have you, we want to help yourself
Look around you all, you see our dilated eyes
If you're getting stoned, do it in your own home
And if you miss this dark fun zone, walk in down just keep this though your home
Whoa whoa whoa
God bless you please, miss this dark fun zone
My time and no sure, not spot the way
Hey hey hey
Stay hey hey
14, you'll do it at 560 WQM, it's 1146 boys and girls
Yeah, I just looked at the thing we signed a couple of years ago
The Beasley programming mission that we all had a sign that had for Joyce's benefit
And see how we could wipe our ass with it
And of course the Beasley programming, whatever that thing is, guideline
It doesn't mean for any way shape or form to part sounds
You got it?
I got it
So that was always something that just our underlings there just because they're weak sisters
Oh okay, Joyce, whatever you say
Well now we've got a new regime in there, okay
And anybody's going to be like a weak sister I think is going to get like shoved out the dough
I could be wrong about that, maybe I miss reading the signals but I don't think so
Because right at the end of the call yesterday with Joe he like put the phone
I don't want to see where he put it back in here
He like farted right in the phone which I thought was like a message for me
You know, maybe I miss Reddit or the smoke signal
Oh no
Oh yeah, here's a good one for the poll, thank you Steve
Jimmy Cifalus, that's a good one
Another one of Hank's buddies, it's his friend
Oh no, the Humper's not, he's got a personality, okay
Some people don't like it but then again, same with me
No, seriously, that's true, Jimmy Cifalus
Hey Jimmy, you're fair, we come on
Get serious, Mon
And see when somebody, you know what's like, it's like with Zagaki
And again, he's a good guy but he's got no personality
So like when he tries to get a side like on those games
Oh my, oh my
It's just so over the top
Oh my, oh my
It just sounds ridiculous
Oh my, oh my
You know what I mean? It's just embarrassing for him
But anyway, Jimmy Cifalus, okay now let me start building the Maros poll
Because I got inspired
Can I tell you what inspired me, I'll give you a hint
Okay
Kevin Fiederline, up to no good question mark
There have been him in asked
Now here's a picture of him and I'll be honest with you
With a bat and a shave and get rid of them too
Oh, it's a real good scrubbing like that
Right, he would look almost human
You know, so I brush or hot, be like her
But he would look almost human
I know, he's pretty
He's pretty gross, scum
Right, well there's no question about that
The rap debut of Kevin Fiederline known as K-Fed to send
Now that's the first time I heard of that
I heard a K-Tel, if it's K-Tel it smells
Known as K-Fed to some but to most as Mr. Brittany Spiers
Features only a snippet of his lyrical prowess
Given the response to what even less might have been better
Popo Zau, Brazilian inspired group
Which features Fiederline rapping about large pastures
In between a few yelps and gruff voice chorus
Rackum made its debut on the internet earlier this month
Though the track is three minutes long and Fiederline's rap lasts for less than a minute
It has already become a popular music track circulating on the web
Oh yeah, I'm humming it all day long
Mmm, are you?
Oh yeah, I hear that
Popo Zau, Papa Uma Mao, rhymes with Papa Uma Mao
But popular and likable are two distinct notions when it comes to Popo Zau
Entertainment Weekly said it was worth and expected
While the music created magazine Billboard called it a monument to mediocrity
It's incredible, incredibly horrible, last DJ Stera, the Rockest Stera and Buck Wildshow
Which Rockest from New York's Power 105.1% of K to Nationally like everybody except me
The good news is there's a lot of exposure for him
The bad news is 75% are rating it as an F since Jack Isquith
Executive director at AOL Music which devoted a whole page
Mockingly titled the emancipation of K-Fed to the song
And a lot of visitors to rate Popo Zau
He said a half a million visitors have been on the site in about 85,000 have played the song
So far there's a lot of interest but not a lot of people that are feeling this is a great song
Or his career is going to go, well it's going to go somewhere I'll write in a turret
Still Fideline Betsell end up having the last laugh once his album is yet untitled is released this spring
I'm not too worried about any of that Fideline
Well you're going to rush on by it aren't you?
I got my pre-order in already
I'm going to sniff around the edges of the CD because Brittany might have touched it
I'm not too worried about any of that Fideline said
They negative reviews and interview last week with the AP
Eventually the music will speak for itself
You're only going to look at me like this for so long
Oh I'm looking at you and I'm thinking
Oh wow
The public has that much of a positive view ever since Spirits Trust the baggy pants were in chain smoking
Fideline into the spotlight is her backup dancer and boyfriend in 2004
How sad
He got out of the bag
A couple of trashy exploits since hooking up including televising their quicky romance on the reality show Chaotic
And wearing traxuits at their wedding celebration is red pimp daddy on the back
And help make Kate fed a tabloid target and light night show a joke magnet
He's a joke magnet
He's running a close second for a pimple of the decade sister is right behind Bobby Brown
I think he's right behind Mikey Brown
You know downtown Mikey Brown doing a heck of a job?
Uh huh
Lately gossip muggles has just suggested that Spirits who recently gave birth to Son Sean is tiring
A Fideline's alleged party ways though Fideline denies the rumors of scryfe
I love my kids I'm a proud father a happy husband all of that says Fideline
Who also has to children with ex girlfriend and charred Jackson they were never married of course by the way
I love my life with my wife as a normal person and that's that I love my life with my wife and no more strife
At Duncan fight
And Fideline says he hasn't been spending most of his time partying but working on the upcoming album
I've been in the closet well with it for a while since Fideline
You're fairy
I don't know I guess I'd have to say I'm the rookie of the year
Oh boy
Besides the guest appearance from rapper PD Pablo
Fideline says there'll be no guest stars on his upcoming album
Oh if PD Pablo's on I gotta rush out and get that
Rapper PD Pablo
Oh my God
And of course at this juncture you're supposed to say
I'm sorry you didn't
I'll brush you the other day
When you're out sick
Okay that's a job
Okay so that is scoured me for tomorrow's poll
Which we can start building anytime you want
Now what do you think it's gonna be?
Let me mention one more name to you okay just one
Any Murphy
I'm supposed to guess the question of
Right
And Kevin Fideline
Okay people don't think they can sing
Oh
I can
Oh
And this is real good
How about
I mean this could have like 4,000 names on it
Yeah
How about Celine Dion?
All right
I mean even Peter Jennings says you've got to be in hell to appreciate her music
Even there it's annoying makes your ears bleed
So many and so little time
Especially I mean a lot of these people I wear like TV stars on sitcoms or whatever kind of show
And all of a sudden they became a singer of a sort
You know what I mean?
Yep
I give you another one
And even though nobody will remember her but I because of that thing with the songs of the hits of the 70s
Vicki Lawrence
Okay
Now Vicki Lawrence is an interesting lady because her whole life was based upon the fact that she was out there
And she looked a little like Carol Burnett and she acted like her and she was like
She was like Carol Burnett clone like they were joined at the hip
And she says bland
She could almost be out today's pool but nobody knows who she is
What did she say?
The night the lights went out and Jojah?
What else?
Well that's a midway of her smash
Right
The night the lights went out
And Jojah Vicki Lawrence
She's sitting there
In fact in the
In the
In the
In the
In the
In the
In the
In the
In the
In the
In the
In the
In the
In the
In the
In the
In the
In the
In the
In the
In the
In the
Room
So if we bid enough
or on TV and then all of a sudden they decided they could sing like any body.
Okay, thanks, Palli.
Thank you.
Okay.
Is that down on the phone?
Oh, I stand major.
I say yes.
I say no.
Get a haircut.
I say no.
Those are the days, man.
Those are the days when you understand what's obsessed with Don Johnson.
I still say a boy and his dog was his best movie.
No question.
I told you I watched it.
I had it again the other day.
With a great chase in Rulbars.
I had to show it to teen daughter and she liked it a lot and went to her friends.
Now, how did she like the ending?
She's a chocolate fan.
Still laughing.
Growing up before her hour.
Good choice, Don.
Take it from me, sweetheart.
You bet it was.
By the way, a lot of rumors about him too now that you mention that.
But anyway, it's on the phone.
You're done.
You're fairy.
WQAM, hello.
Have you on the radio?
No.
5.670, 5.60, 0.50, 0.50, 0.60, and the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
Somebody who thinks they can sing but can't.
Jamie Foxx.
Very court.
Who is it?
Jamie Foxx.
He did Ray.
Apparently because of that, he thinks he's a singer.
So he did that.
Oh, great actor.
Why did he have to spirl it?
You know?
And you heard that.
We have the parody.
Here's the original.
Well, I'm in D.
And that's Jamie.
This is the driving friends indeed.
Now, what's the parody?
What's that called?
Those pickers.
Oh, is that what that is?
And you're knocking at.
That dude.
The pitch is great.
Yeah.
All right.
She takes the thing.
See?
Well, that's coming up right now.
That's Jamie.
That's why it sounds good.
Yeah, that's right.
I had somebody who can actually sing a little bit.
Great actor.
Why did you got to mess it up?
You know, like any Murphy.
Any Murphy was funny until he got, you know, a call with that transfer.
He was very, very good.
When he's impersonating other people singing like as part of his comedy routine.
Yeah.
Historical.
Spongebob.
But he can't sing a lick.
This is Neil Rogers.
They call me Mr. Boots.
And I've been living in the Duel Warner now.
She takes the thing up and takes the deep into a nostril for something green.
Oh, she's a no stick.
She's digging down.
Don't stick it at me.
Her thing is mine.
Now I understand she's a no stick.
But she's digging into her thing.
Now I understand she's a no stick.
She's a no stick.
She's a no stick.
I can't believe it.
She's a no stick.
I can't believe it.
She's a no stick.
Now I understand she's a no stick.
She's a no stick.
She's a no stick.
Probably one at five sixty WQA.
I feel like we're like on a different station all of a sudden, don't you?
Oh, I feel very different.
I feel like we're on a different planet.
Even Josh feels like Liberated.
And if he gets that raise, he'd feel he'd better about it.
Yes, I would.
Well, how's clearance doing?
You see him today yet?
Uh, no.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
So Josh Cordis is running the show today and things seem to be going pretty well.
Now I mean, just this show, I mean, a whole station.
That's right.
Everybody starts playing partin.
Well, there you go.
If we handle those on a sports show, it's the fact that we certainly couldn't have done worse than...
We thought that one won.
That's somebody threw in there.
So there you go.
And what?
Army stretched a breaking point report says.
You ready for this?
I guess I'll have to be.
Stretched by frequent troop rotations to Iraq and Afghanistan, the armies become a thin green line that could snap.
Unless relief comes soon, according to a study for the Pentagon.
Andrew Krippenovich, a retired army officer who wrote the report on the Pentagon contract,
including the Army cannot sustain the pace of troop deployments to Iraq long enough to break the back of the insurgency.
He also suggested that the Pentagon's decision announced in December to begin reducing the force in Iraq this year,
was driven in part by realization the Army was over-extended.
As evidence, he points to the army's 2005 recruiting slump, missing its recruiting goal for the first time since 99,
and its decision to offer much bigger enlistment bonuses and other incentives.
You really begin to wonder just how much stress and strain there is on the Army,
how much longer it can continue, he said, interview.
Oh, I think the case, let's go into Iran.
Yeah.
And let's go into North Korea.
Let's invade Canada.
That's about half of the Americans out.
Yeah.
Well, we won't do that, it makes too much sense.
How about Uzbekistan?
Let's do it.
5, 6, 7, OK, let's get some singers on here.
This is one list that I can't afford to deal around with.
OK, we've got to get a whole bunch of names on here.
If this is going to go on later, like tonight, whenever I'm in the mood to, which, change it on you?
Guess what happened to me yesterday?
What happened to you yesterday?
8 o'clock last night, 10 after 8.
I'm looking to my watch.
I'm not looking to my watch because I've got a clock.
But I'm looking to my watch to see what time.
Because I don't want to miss a supernatural with Sam and Dean.
See, Sam, I won't forget, Dean.
Yeah.
At any rate.
And I look at my watch and said 10 to 4.
And I thought maybe I had it on upside down.
Have you ever do that?
Oh, yeah.
All the time.
And it was not upside down, it was right side up.
And the second hand was like sitting there, you know what I mean?
Like not moving.
And so right now, I would say for the first time in years, I'm doing the show I have no watch on.
Of course, I got all these different clocks in here.
But I got no watch.
Huh.
I feel like naked.
So after the show today, I got to go out and buy me a watch.
Now, this was a Seiko.
What do they call these?
The ones that like...
Self winding?
The self winding, but like you're ever winding, you know, until the battery dies.
What do they call those?
I don't know.
Kinetic.
Okay.
You get really frenetic if it's kinetic.
Cut.
Have you ever been living kinetic cut?
All the time.
And in a rate, so I got to go out and find me a new one.
And I'm not going to go like spend Zidians dollars.
I think it was like about a $200 watch.
That's enough to spend on a watch.
It was a one that Tim brought by for me and Josh is handy because it updates itself automatically with the satellite.
But it's not very pretty.
You know, it's a plastic Casio looking thing.
In other words, you wouldn't wear it on your wrist.
I would work.
But you know, not out on a fancy date or nothing like that.
Oh.
72 AM.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about Regis Philbin?
He's singing?
Yeah, he had a Christmas CD out of something.
Oh, no.
Got to get him on there.
Oh my god.
Okay, thanks, pal.
I'll take you to the bad news.
Okay.
Regis Philbin's got an album.
It's big nail.
It's big and about the bad.
Wow.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
How's his name doing?
A Brady Quinn at Notre Dame?
Who?
WQA and hello.
Well, Regis is a big Notre Dame fan.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a couple for you.
David Haselhoff and JLo.
Excellent.
Two outstanding.
In fact, you ever seen together the same person.
Thanks, pal.
I'll be right back.
David Haselhoff.
He gives me spielkeys, man.
Boy, I know we talk about that all the time.
And he's so popular in Germany, I wonder why.
It couldn't be that name, could it?
In fact, that's the number one show in Germany still is Dave Hatch.
You feel about it whether you like it or not.
It's not here.
It's not here every night.
I'm one of our goofball channels.
What channel is this?
318 down the driving movie channel.
It's on every evening about, I don't know, whatever it's on.
Well, look at that.
Clown in the kid.
What's that?
David Haselhoff?
Well, you think I got David Haselhoff in here?
Oh, JLo.
Back to his room for you.
JLo.
Back to him.
Yeah, always room for big fat, the JLo.
She better it.
Oh, I think this light is going on here.
Remember what I said about those bulbs?
Hey, but I think you're there.
You think they could do that?
Because I can't have you be in the baby's house.
I'll tell our program director to tell our engineers to touch them up to them.
Well, that's what I was talking about.
Because I can tell the Yankees out of here we're like a little pliers.
Just to make it work.
And my fingers are, huh?
Just grab on it and give it a pull.
Now, I'm afraid to pull that.
I don't want to, it's plastic.
I don't want to like break these, you know.
Yeah, you might, they're tender.
So five, six, seven, oh five, six, the pound five, six, the need for rise.
And I'm, I'm serious because I want to like replace all of these.
And I don't want to have to have that.
The guy appears a great guy.
And so you're better than having to slip over here to change a few little bulbs.
I mean, if I could put in the two new Denon CD decks like I did.
Yeah.
If I could, and install my, with the help of my friend who's a computer expert,
the two backs for an all-in-one things I got.
Well, we'll fly fix it up there to change it by the way.
I think Josh had a good idea on Friday and it is over the Blackberry maybe going out of business.
I got to give you one of them phone, the all-in-one things, you know.
Yeah, the camera.
I know the kind to get.
And I can send you pictures of this beautiful studio.
Right.
Say, boy, are we jealous?
That's a really neat place.
You want the Palm 650?
Yeah.
It's available with your service.
With what service?
Well, it depends.
It might not be available with your particular service.
Or, you know.
I don't go to services even on the high holidays.
I'll check that on a road down to Palm.
So, well, I'm not going to do that until a Blackberry goes, you know.
No, absolutely.
No rush.
But just don't get a size so I know whatever you do.
Don't get this thing.
You have one thing.
Oh, that one.
Everybody's got it.
You know, they're great except if you want to use it as a phone.
Well, I shoot on one more camera.
W-Q-A-M. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
What about David Sol from Star-Scene Hut?
Oh, good.
Don't give up on us, baby.
Baby.
Oh, could he sing or what?
No.
Thank you, Pally.
All right.
Okay, you know something?
Oh, you guys.
You're big too, if that's your idea.
No one had to go through all those lists.
I think it's on there.
I know it's a-
It's set hits of the 70s, but there was a letter in front of me hits.
I got you still right here.
Oh.
God.
Don't give up on us, baby.
I just gave up.
Wow.
But, see, that's the kind of person I'm talking about.
Any Murphy, Johnson, David, Sol, all these people that were like big, you know, big stars
in TV or movies or whatever.
And then all of a sudden, oh, I'm a singer.
Poof, I'm a singer.
Yeah, right.
By the way, yes.
If you started out with him.
Any Murphy?
Right.
Can he sing or can he belt one out?
I know you wouldn't have to.
What else is sound or lock this record?
Who went out and bought it?
You.
Who went out and bought it?
Who went out and bought it?
Did you buy this record?
Get out of here.
I would buy any Murphy records.
You must be doing bad drugs, man.
It's quite your sick all the time.
I heard you liked the party all the time.
Yeah.
But at least looking at me is sweetheart.
You're fair with that.
Party in.
You know, if I sung like Eddie, I'd wait a long time before I started to.
Yeah.
But he's going up the courage.
But you're.
He's getting rid of that trans-estate.
West that.
Whatever it is in the car.
I can't hear it.
I can't hear it.
Why you going up the courage?
Haha.
Haha.
W.Q.A.M.
Hello.
Q.A.M.?
Hey, how about William Schadner?
There is a great singer for you.
He was just on biography channel yet.
And he still couldn't sing.
Thanks a lot, Palli.
All right.
But at least he's got a great sense of humor, though.
Although, see, I don't know if that's for it.
Because he's not singing serious.
You know, it's comedy.
But I will put it on there.
Sure.
Because he doesn't think he can sing.
In fact, he knows he can't sing.
But that's the whole idea of the album.
But it's amusing.
Put it on there.
Just for old times sake.
Just for his wife who's still in the pool.
Here you go.
That is your paper.
Well, just happened there.
Now, where did this come from, all of a sudden?
Just out of nowhere.
Everything was going along just externally well.
And you played Bill Schadner and all of a sudden,
the whole phone system crept out.
Because it's not doing anything now.
Oh, there it is.
QAM. Hello.
Hello.
Hola.
We lost power, man.
Can you hear us?
Oh, okay.
Yeah, I hear you.
But I mean, so in other words, I'm sitting here punching
the buttons, wondering what those were going on.
And there we go again with that crappy Florida plunderer
loot again.
We lost power down there.
It's always on that end.
It's always on the US end, eh?
And when I say we lost power, both really shut down hard.
Well, my lines are flashin' though.
But you're gonna have to reboot the phone system
because they're flashin' like crazy.
And I can't put nobody on here.
Let me try it.
QAM. Hello.
See, it shows that it picked the line up.
But you're not...
Hello.
You got the command.
We don't...
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
How about that David Schadner from Sparsky and Epic?
David, who?
Schadner was his name David Schadner.
Oh, don't give up on.
Maybe we just got through doing that.
We just got through playing that like 10 seconds ago.
Don't give up.
He just wanted to hear it again.
Oh, I was thinking about that.
So what's the story?
You got tourist airs?
That what you tell me?
Everything is rebooting.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
I think it's working on this.
And my phone is just fine on this.
Oh, we're fine.
And you know what the windows we have in here, boy?
We just...
We had like a couple seconds of pitch blackness.
And that's it.
Sonny Shadner here, baby.
I mean, it's a little on the cool side.
It's like 32.
You know, it's a good thing these computers are on backup power.
Oh, wait.
They're not.
Oh, I see.
So in other words, everything is out like the DCS and all this stuff.
So what about the audio volume?
I better find out about that before I start doing a break.
Yes, definitely.
The audio volume is out.
Oh my God.
What the hell do we do now?
I guess I'll do my spot.
I'll just do a real slow.
I'll do about 10 minutes.
We did twice.
We did twice.
Oh, God.
That's how you do that place.
I kind of like him to the radio yesterday to our general man.
I know things I touched on about engineering.
Of course, he knows those guys from the KISS experience.
He's had a KISS issue with those guys.
And I told him that basically they just don't give a crap.
But then again, they can control the weather and the fact that everything every time a pigeon flies over and has wild diarrhea,
that we have everything goes out.
That's Florida Plunder and Loot for you.
You know what I'm saying?
Do I know what you're saying?
Not that I'm trying to act like some engineer.
How the hell are you?
Exactly.
What do I know about it?
Isn't that great that I'm like, the reason I'm going through these on here is because, you know, obviously that's the only place I could find those there.
Absolutely not far from.
You know what I mean?
Uh-huh.
Or yeah, like, you play that all.
And I guess I'll have to put that in the DCS because you play a lot of that stuff which I have no idea where it is.
It's all in the 360, right?
It's in the machine.
It's a good machine.
Yes it is.
Is your machine out?
Is your result?
I think it comes back really quickly.
Yeah.
It's a great machine, man.
Like for example, like that.
Or like, do it again.
Wow.
I got a reset.
There you go.
Tiny can.
1213 and 560.
All right.
George's got it.
It's a good back there.
It's good.
Now which one was good?
That was the 360.
What about the DCS?
Gold to the whole model.
Checking thing.
What about the audio volume?
Yeah, you're good to go.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
I feel like a natural real artificial artificial it Globalist.
It's honorable.
It's almost impossible as you know.
34 in the cut.
.
What is that after all you've got some yourself.
About 40 on the paper in Woodie.
How?
About item that you at what you
I had to be listed William Hung.
Oh wow.
Really Nelson?
Oh God.
Will he shut up?
I'm around again.
How about Bob Villain?
Hey, but they're OK.
I mean, those are people that actually there are some folks
who consider they can really sing and they can't.
Oh, speaking of singers.
Your village is writing a list, I write.
Yes, I am OK.
I don't worry about that.
I'm taking care of Ben.
Ben is.
I'm going to be able to stuff up.
Yeah, that's what I just heard on that bit.
The most people sing are among most wanted.
He fails to surrender to San Mateo chords,
beginning to people who can sing or maybe not.
The little people.
A man who helped make famous the songs,
Y, M, C, A, and N, the Navy, is still scheduled to be featured
on the television show, America's Most Wanted.
After failing to surrender to an A San Mateo County courtroom
yesterday, according to San Mateo County Chief
of the District Attorney, Steven Wavstaff,
Waggington.
He's a Wagonant.
Victor Willis 54, the original placement
from the musical group, The Village People,
was scheduled to turn himself in after $200,000
weren't for his resposition October 20th.
His new defensive journey, Dean Johnson,
indicated he would appear in court, but he failed to do so.
Even though Willis was in court,
a crew from the criminal busting TV show, America's Most Wanted,
I bet you John Turchin was lurching there.
A crew from America's Most Wanted,
which has taped the segment on Willis
and expected air some time during the second week
of February, came to court yesterday.
Willis was pulled over on 11 p.m. on July 11th,
last year in daily city for an unspecified traffic violation
in the area of Bayshore Boulevard, and Geneva Avenue.
Well, I'm sure that, you know,
if you look at a West Coast, you know what that is.
After being stopped, Willis was found to be in possession
of 3.22 grams of cocaine and loaded
45 caliber semi-automatic handgun,
for the VA.
When questioned by police, Willis
reportedly gave a false name.
His brothers had a fake license the VA said.
Kind of like their music, fake.
But fun, their music was fun, but fake, right?
October 19th, Willis reportedly left a phone message
with his former attorney Kenneth Quigley
informing him he would not be present
as October 20th, sensing because of some needed dental work.
Maybe he's doing some smash mouthful football football.
Stan Mateo, County Superior Court Judge Mark Forkham.
Excuse me.
F-O-R-C-U-M, how would you say that?
Forkham, if you don't like him.
Forkham.
Issued a $200,000 bench warrant for Willis
who was out of custody on his own reconnaissance
at the time.
Willis previously accepted a plea bargain
with a maximum 60-month term in state prison
and role in a drug and alcohol procurement program.
Willis's probation report is quite negative.
According to Forkham is also charged
with violating his probation frame 2003 incident
in which he was found in possession
of four grams of cocaine.
A cocaine.
According to America's most wanted website,
it was convicted of 90 of drug possession
and acquitted of rape in 93.
He's had some issues, okay?
Maybe he spent too much time in the Navy, like that.
You think?
I'm sure.
I don't we have that website that we got at YMCA.
I would tell you, but the DCS is still,
I had to reach that point.
Oh, you still got issues there, huh?
Oh, yes.
I'll be damned.
But the audio wall's working.
We're getting spots on and we're also gonna take
a call on line nine, which is probably not a good idea.
W.A.C.Y.M. Whispery line.
Hello.
Not there.
Oh, thank God.
That was an act of God.
Thank you so much.
Oh, God.
Thank you.
See, I just, I dittled around with it.
Village people still are long enough to chase his ass away.
W.A.C.Y.M. Hello.
W.A.C.Y.M. Hello.
We need a lot of people to think they can sing
and they can't help us when the Eagle flies
with John Ashcroft.
That's the worst thing I ever heard.
It's a beautiful thing.
Thank you.
John Ashcroft.
I don't know why I'm saying God it
because I'm not what's written in Lista.
I don't want to write it.
You're still on the other pool.
What is the other pool?
We already passed that one by, you know?
Who best fits this?
Who best fits this?
Well, that's what tomorrow's is.
Who best fits?
If the food fits, fight it.
Someone who needs a personality transplant.
Al Gore 89 is past John Kerry.
Oh, man, 460 votes.
John Kerry 79, Martha Stewart 56 as in Q 56.
She's on serious Martha Stewart.
Everybody sign up.
I pay to hear her a croak.
Throws the Gacky 47 and a cool Smith 41.
Tigers Woods 39, Mel Gibson 21.
Bob Greasey 21.
Is he ever Kevin Costner 14, Pete Sanprice 11.
Ben Stein 9, Jeff Gordon 9, L.M. D. Generate,
Bino Cove 7, Senator Bill Nelson,
a Florida for Bernie Williams III.
And Jimmy Cifullis, he's only got two.
You're fairy.
Oh, no.
Uh-oh.
You blowing up over there, too?
No, no problem.
I just had shoved that little tray back, you know,
the tray at the bottom of the, uh, faxing.
Yeah, so the faxies just sent me just fell on the floor.
But I got them.
Tony Danza, very, very good.
Somebody faxes a cover of the Al Black,
because I wouldn't have believed it otherwise.
Tony Danza, oh, he ain't no Mario Landza.
I'll take you that.
The house I live in.
Oh, good.
Thank you, Tim.
And also, Hulk Hogan is a singer.
That's what it says here.
Why would they lie?
That audience wouldn't do it.
Joey Lawrence.
Oh, my God.
He ain't no Steve Lawrence.
I'll tell you that.
I just wrote Joey Steve Lawrence.
Joey Lawrence.
Steven Seagal is a singer.
Okay.
John Revolta.
That, and I know that for a fact.
Hey, Johnny.
You're fairy.
John Travolta.
These are all people who were like very successful actors,
actresses.
Uh, with Shaq, I think we Shaq, Shaq is a singer.
That's right.
I forgot about that.
How could you?
Shaq is a singer.
Oh, right.
Shaq.
Jennifer Love Hewitt.
I'm a bill Hewitt.
Yeah.
And Martin Hewitt horrible.
Or is it a movie that Martin Hewitt was in with the Brooksheels?
Oh, God.
Was that a hot movie?
In fact, it was a movie about a hundred.
I love it.
I said a fondless love.
It was flaming.
Faming.
Boy, I see you remember that because Brooksheels was like naked on the flow.
And you know, was that Don Murray played daddy and played mommy?
And she was standing up there in the balcony looking down and they were doing their thing
on the flow.
Brook was not naked in that movie either.
Well, she wasn't naked, but she wasn't naked in the other one either.
No, she was not.
But you wish.
I do.
Philip Michael Thomas.
Right.
Is this singer?
No, but he did it anyway.
Somebody pretended.
Philip, Michael Thomas, that is very sad.
How about that Gooslaw guy?
I don't know what his name is, but boys, that's your really gotta mind her.
Who was the name of the Saved by the Bill?
Boy, did that show annoy the hell out of me?
I hadn't seen that.
I hadn't seen that.
And then that rapist kid was on there that he wasn't, you know, you know what I'm talking
about?
No.
That holy, okay, that beener that was on there.
You know what I'm talking about?
He's on some show now.
Mario Lopez.
Yeah, that's the one.
That's exactly the one.
Mario Lopez.
Well, he got acquitted, I think, like Kobe, you know.
But Mario didn't score 82 points and even still 82 copies of the record.
27 past noon.
And they're Senator Jack Wheeter, where Alan who says,
but the risk is real.
Israel.
Sing, there they go again, pandering.
A E double R I.
Oh!
G A N stealth carigan.
Yes!
Side of all the crap I've heard about her.
Wish she shrubbed her head and we were without her.
Why?
E double R I.
G A N you see.
Oh!
Is the name that no fame had ever been connected with prior to?
Why me?
Yes!
Oh, right.
Yeah!
Don't be so put to walk away.
Oh, wait, hold on, man.
That's not going to work.
Let me just clear my throat.
All right.
Don't be so put to walk away.
Oh, shoot, man.
Listen, you're going to work.
And what's up, Justin?
Are we going to do this?
Yeah, yeah, I'm going to do this.
Man, I just have to use some throat spray.
That's all.
All right.
All right, I'm all set.
Go ahead and hit the music, brother.
Music?
Look at our girl.
So, there's a heart rate.
All play.
Stop.
Stop.
You can't use that sound.
You're okay.
No, it's nothing, man.
It's like, I don't know, man.
My voice ain't fair today.
I think what Justin needs is a little motivation to rock his body.
You ought to agree.
All right.
I have the latest issue.
A hustler here.
So, Justin, take a look at that.
You ready to rock your body, baby.
Yeah, let's do that.
Keep the music, man.
Keep your music.
Don't wait until we do the right.
Hold on, stop.
Cut music.
Thank you.
Justin.
Do fairly.
Anyway, there's another good one for our list.
All right.
Justin Takeerbell.
Please.
And somebody says,
Bezus is Patrick Swazie.
Yeah.
What a good list this is.
Someone who thinks they can sing, but can't.
Eddie Murphy, Kevin Feederline.
Celine Dion, Vicki Lawrence, Don Johnson, Jamie Foxx, we just filled in JLo, David
Hasselhoff, David Sol, don't give up on us.
We're the one who died.
William Hong, William Nelson, Bob Dylan, John Ascroff, why don't let that
people get sore? Well sorry I stepped on somebody. Yeah you got to guess who. I
can't hear it. What was it?
What did you hit? Did it move about dancing?
Very good.
Well I see what we got in on there. Yeah that's why I knew I decided to do it.
Let me see if I had it there. That was the idea. Tony Danza, Paul Kogan,
Paul Kogan, I had no idea. Wow. They made that stuff up. Joey Lawrence,
John Revolta, Philip Michael Thomas, Justin Tinkerbell, Patrick Swazier, I think we just heard from him.
5, 6, 7, 0, 60. Well I guess you got your crap back working again, huh? Yeah
eventually. Damn it. Like for so much simpler when you didn't.
WQIM, hello. See they hung up because they got pissed off at Patrick Swazier thing.
Well he just annoys the hell out of me all the way around. Oh big time. Very aggravating.
Can't act, can't sing. Maybe he can dance like you just said. He's an excellent dancer. Good.
Just like an excellent driver. WQIM, hello.
My guy in the Colbert Lai, he's a very good driver. Yes sir.
Deon Sanders. Deon Sanders be singing. Wait you know something?
That is an excellent choice. As a matter of fact, no, no way. We can't play that one.
What's that call? Just go the money. What is that call?
Well, there's a couple. I want to find the right one. Oh gee. I don't want to play that Deon strong because he says the inward in there.
I don't want to play that. We're not going to say.
What is that thing called? Come on Deon.
Must be Deon money. Must be Deon money. Very good. How the hell did you find that?
He's the poor. He's singing in Australia.
Must be to the straight, the boy.
He's the boy.
He's the boy.
At least we don't have to see him no more on those pre-game shows with a temp-off that he was wearing there for long time.
I'm talking about Josh. I do. Yeah. Oh boy.
That was, he made you Jones for Shannon Sharp. That's how annoying he was and talk about a bad stereotype.
Bye bye Deon.
Suspected bird were sitting on a couch shot in townhouse in Lorda Hill just like that.
A suspected birder was shot and wounded by a female at the townhouse this morning. Channel 6 says,
the shot man who poured to be 8.67. Yeah, I guess he shot. Maybe he should like him shot.
Was taken to the Barrow General Medical Center and for Lorda Dale for his treatment of a non-life threatening gunshot wound.
He was left side. He was important in stable condition. Just like Amiko Bala. He's in stable condition.
The incident started around 6.30 this morning. That was really something. Charles Bala from Channel 7 News called us this morning.
Does anybody know who that is? No.
The incident started around 6.30 this morning, the 59-hurt block of Northwest 23rd Street.
When what was described as an elderly man under the homens sat down on a couch. He just entered the homens sat down on the couch.
Maybe he needs somebody to rest somewhere to rest his old bones.
Maybe one of three children living at the house saw the strange man and the other was mother.
Mommy, there's a man in the couch. The man grabbed the mother grabbed the 9-millimeter hand run and apparently ordered the stranger to leave several times.
It was immediately to know what the man's reaction was but the woman fired at least one shot hitting the man.
The man staggered outside and collapsed.
Nothing was immediately known about the burglary suspect but neighbor said a holding area for mental patients is located nearby.
And the residents in the area have had problems in the past with breakings and walkings from people who have left the facility.
They have just left the building. Maybe it was Elvis. How old would he be right now? What year did he die?
78. 2.468. They're about 77 maybe.
77. Sunset strip with cookie of Ed Burns.
Let's see, that's 28 years ago so Elvis would be, wouldn't be surprised that might have been Elvis.
Get Stan Major on the case. That was Elvis man, 67.
Let's look up, do a Google on Elvis on his bio and see what year he was born.
Because let's see, 61.35.
Well, in 1935?
Let me, are you sure?
I'm not sure.
He was 77.
What year was he born?
What language am I speaking? Follow the bouncing balls.
K. Anjou in K. Anjou.
Did Elvis see 35?
35, like I said, 75.
So that would make him 71.
So maybe the scum, maybe they got the age wrong.
I think it's Elvis. He wanted to rest his weary bones.
And this is the lady when they shot that poor old man.
That's bad.
All right, for some of that music, maybe she didn't like Elvis.
What is this from Greb Kote's blog today at the, oh, and, well, what is that all about?
The South Florida radio war is on a blog.
How come they don't have the, yeah.
Also, it's this, could you please give more Toronto weather reports.
It's reading compelling radio.
She promotes this, put up billboards.
Toronto traffic and weather every 10 minutes, only on 5.60.
QM, it is compelling.
It's sunny and about 30 is what it is.
About 30, man.
It is compelling.
It's here as a less boring than a weather there.
And so this must be from our friends across the street.
No doubt.
When you think I would imagine it says from Greb Kote's blog today at the blogs.hero.com.
Welcome to part one.
And you notice something?
My name is not on here.
There's an explanation at the time.
I see.
Today through Friday will be accepting votes for your favorite and least favorite honor sports personality.
Sorry, Neil Rogers.
From rival sports radio stations, QM and the 790, the ticket.
Next week, part two, the finals, the showdown, QAM versus 790, head to head.
With the top, how can it be head to head when they leave it off midday, the highest radio show on the station?
Who are you fooling, Greb Kotex, you idiot, you...
You're a pro, man.
The top two favorites and least two favorites from each station that shows you by squaring off of the two titles.
After you vote, feel free to click on comments to praise or lobby for a host you enjoy the most.
Or rail against the host you find most annoying.
This is on their blog.
How do you like that?
It's got, who's your favorite QM radio personality?
And it's got Big O, Hank, Ebike, Jim Mandage.
Who's your least favorite QM personality?
Oh, and look at this.
Talk about a loaded deck.
They got four people from QAM.
There's no Curtis, Stevenson.
There's no Geldie.
They got four people on there.
And they got two, four, six, eight, nine people.
Are they a man?
Who are you kidding?
What about a joke?
They got Brandzig.
Who now is Brandzig?
I think they're that Dutch heavy metal band.
Certainly.
You know who that is, Josh Brandzig, 10 to midnight?
They're a promotion director I'm being told.
The promotion director is doing a show at night?
So it would say.
D-Fo, Dan La Bastard, O.J. McDuffie, Kevin Rogers, Joe Rose,
Sid Rosenberg, Cranstein, De Booster, and Scoot Gots.
So they got four people from our station and nine from theirs.
This is the biggest pile of craft man.
So this is from across the street.
Like we're supposed to be upset about this.
Yamama, that's my comment.
And of course, leaving the officers away of Goose and their number up there.
Just like the time that the sun sent live the same thing.
Well, guess what, Greg Cody?
I'm afraid that Mario Lemieux just retired.
So your days of hockey right and they're all over.
What an idiot he is.
Look at that.
He got me so upset.
And not the DCSR, the audition thing.
Not yet.
Same old, same old baby.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5'16 QA.
It's day old.
If I ever be told.
That's 5'16 QA.
What's Gary doing tonight?
And who are you guys watching now?
That's why inquiring minds read the Miami hero.
Is Maurice Flau really having sex with an alien from outer space?
It's in the harem.
Is Paula Harkens the true mother of the elephant man?
It's in the harem.
Is John Kennedy sleeping with Max Henry?
It's in the harem.
Is Jim Baker about to give birth to Jerry Paul Weld's baby?
It's in the harem.
Sex, sex, sex more.
That always in the harem.
That's Gary Harkens amazing.
Roy Steyron from Florida.
Acrossward puzzle that has no answers.
Our own Pulitzer Prize is just for us.
I've got both new letters to Neil Rogers.
And we're so sorry Uncle Albert,
but we haven't heard a bloody thing all day.
Mindless.
Fab Lake Redarit.
It's Alan and ladies, it's you.
The Miami Hero.
Available at Supermarket Checkout Conters everywhere.
And where Fireman or his friends.
That's what you're going to get in the harem.
Believe me, your bird will fly away and never come back home
if you put that rag in the bottom of the bird case.
By the way, it's sunny and beautiful for whoever
from across the street sent that facts.
No extra charge for the info.
So here's what we got.
And of course, it says, who is your favorite WQM radio personality?
Now the question says, for it's sorry Neil Rogers.
But the poll itself says, who's your favorite WQM radio personality?
I take great umbergen exception to that.
Because they know that I kick all of their ass on both stations
by a Zidian votes.
So let me tell you a great code text.
You know what I'm doing with this fast right now?
I'm wiping in a very delicate spot.
Look at that.
What can Brown do for you?
God.
Anyway, so you want to hear what's going on?
What's going on?
Okay.
Who is your favorite WQM radio personality?
This will take a time because it's a blog and it's set up in a way
that you've got to go back and forth.
Or they don't have Kimbo camper.
They don't have a guilty.
They don't have Curtis.
So we got four people listed and they got nine.
They even got the promotions guy who does two hours late at night.
But they are.
So obviously they're trying to stack the deck.
So how about if our people stack the deck?
Orlando, Elzacquiri, who is absolutely rock solid.
Five to seventy and forty six votes.
Hank Goldberg 68 votes.
And he K32 votes.
Jim Manage 158 votes.
Oh, right.
You like that?
Huh?
Dan La Bastard.
By the way, Lil Bastard.
And just remember that other pool they had that fell anything in the sunset when he was voting
for himself a thousand times.
So let's see.
We got cantily gifred for that pool before I get back to that.
Ashley Simpson, wow.
She sure can live sync.
You can't even do that well.
No.
Ashley Simpson.
Okay.
Could you please play when the key queen calls Prince Charles?
What is that call?
You'll figure it out.
Oh, man.
Anyway, so there's these.
So 304 people voted on that.
Okay.
We can boost that total rate up there.
It was obviously with the.
Who is your least favorite WQM personality?
Well, let's vote for, oh, I don't know, the big O.
Now, don't take it personal Orlando.
Oh, that's true.
Well, they don't have some other names that could be on here.
And you know what they waited until Moble left.
See that?
Greg Protext waits until Moble left before it puts on this pool.
281 on that.
So what do we say 304 on the first one?
And 281, 5, 8.
So that's 585 QAM votes.
The big O59, the hopper 130.
The hopper's got a big number.
80K 52 and mad dog only 40.
Okay.
Got those?
Okay.
Now, let's go over to your favorite on the ticket 790.
They got a list of 45,000.
Your favorite personality, I'm going to vote for Joe Rose,
because he would be the only one on it that would like give the time of day.
Okay.
What do they got?
Who's winning it?
Let me expand this thing.
Guess who's winning it?
Who's winning it?
Dan Labaster.
Do you want to know why?
Why?
I'm voting for himself.
I said 344.
And about probably 50 of those are Dan La.
You talk about an ego, man.
This guy's unbelievable.
Brands, 23 votes.
D.Fo, 22.
Dan Labaster, 95.
Although mad dogs that is it in more than that.
O.J. McDuffie, 27.
Kevin Rogers has got Solomante Dose.
Joe Rose, 71.
Sid Rosenberg, 16, Cranstein, 10.
Booster, 60, 60, 6.
And Stugatz, 20, 0, 28.
Pretty weak.
Okay. Now, we want to see who's got the least.
I would say Stugatz.
He belongs on the ear like my golden retriever, Reston Peace.
Okay.
How many votes we got on that?
On the least, 298.
Oh, see that?
So they must have obviously had a hit start on this.
Another one to give us.
That's fine.
642, 5585.
A least favorite, Brands, 25.
D.Fo, 2427.
Dan Labaster, 86.
Far and away.
He didn't despise.
We won the World Series.
The Cubans won it.
Not the Marlins.
The Cubans won the World Series.
How do you like that?
You're Jack A.
I'm Danny Boy.
OJ McDuffie, 30.
He's got how many?
About 30, man.
Come on.
Don't be picking on Portland, the juice.
Kevin Rogers, 12.
Joe Rose, 25.
Cindy Rosencrant, Steve Bird, 43.
Don't pull the egg.
Grab me down.
I get all of sense of me and start getting wacky again.
Boob Shobby, 13.
The Booster.
And Stugatz, 37.
Stugatz, what?
37 apples.
37 votes for the least favorite.
In fact, he comes in the second third.
Only behind Dan LaBaster.
He's way out.
So that's what we got so far.
You can go to the Harold website.
This is where you'll find it.
Miami, Harold.
Where the hell is it?
I'll tell you that damn thing.
There it is.
It's right out there in the driveway.
Run over it before somebody opens it up and reads it.
And you go to where?
Well, I've done it or told you at the bottom of the page.
The main page there in the Hill Rates is blogs.
Greg Kotex, random evidence.
And you click that baby on there.
And you can vote South Florida Radio Wars.
Yeah, Radio War, my ass.
Now that the dolphin season is over, let's see just exactly what kind of a big number
there is throwing there in January, huh?
Now that that thing is over, and now that we've eliminated a couple of really lame hours
on this station.
I mean, really weak.
US Supreme Court blocks Florida execution, aren't you thrilled?
Oh, yeah.
Florida death for when made clearance Hill one last minute Supreme Court state Tuesday
and about an hour after it was scheduled to be executed for killing a police officer.
It wasn't clear if the courts intervention would only briefly delay the execution
which had been scheduled for six o'clock last night.
Witnesses have gathered.
Maybe they already fried his ass, I mean, given the annealed.
But this is one what the hell, this is from last night.
Probably dead already.
Well, we don't know.
You want to be checked or not?
No.
No.
Not important.
And investigation is underway after a date, often a shot of man in the groin.
And remember yesterday we talked about the look and Lee Harvey Oswald's face when Jack Ruby shot him.
I didn't see that coming.
Well, I would imagine if you guys shot in the groin, that's exactly the look you'd have on your face.
Right?
The one from Lee.
According to a police news release, officers working with the day police department robbery
interdiction team in the air of Northwest 12th Street and Second Avenue, when they went
to what they believed to be a firearm given by a male on the street to the driver of a Nissan
Altima.
And by the way, since I'm out of town in Toronto, we're talking about the Toronto weather and being out of touch,
isn't that interesting that in the month of November when Wilma was going on, even though we had greatly reduced numbers on this radio station,
we still had a respectable number here in midday on this show.
Any other ones were like measurable numbers as opposed to across the street where they had basically
might have been off the year.
I just mentioned that.
See, produced a shiny object they believe was a gun.
The passenger kept making several attempts underneath the seat, kept refusing the officers' request,
said Joey Giordano, a date police officer, the officers saw him pull something out of the end,
the officer fired one shot, striking him in the groin.
The passenger described as a Hispanic man in his 50s was taking the right or trauma center in stable condition.
And his Hispanic man in his 50s.
By the way, we just had another outage.
Yeah.
And so don't tell me the audio faults out.
Okay, we won't tell you.
Of course it is.
Oh, geez.
Said the blog gives me more time to vote a couple hundred times and it's great the blog here on the here old.
How's it coming?
Oh, it's speaking again and shot in the groin.
Here's one for you.
Syracuse, New York.
For some male bats, sexual prize comes with a prize smaller brains.
A research team led by Syracuse University biologist Scott Pitnik found that in bats species where the females are promiscuous,
the males, boasting the largest testicles, also had the smallest brains.
Conversely, where the females were faithful, the males had smaller testes and larger brains.
It turns out size does matter said Pitnik.
I wonder if he's related to Lance Pitnik who played very weakly for the panthers for about five minutes,
whose findings were published in December in proceedings of the world society, biological science and online journal.
The study offers evidence that males, at least in some species, make an evolutionary tradeoff between intelligence and sexual prize.
David Hoskins biologist at the Center for Ecology and Conservation at the University of Exeter in England and leading authority on bats mating behavior.
Wouldn't that be something that we like to what are you an expert on?
What do you study bats mating behavior?
Sure, why not?
Somebody said include like Batman and Robin, Wayne and his ward.
Bats invest in enormous amount of testes and the investment has to come from somewhere.
There were no free lunches at Hoskins who didn't participate in the study.
No free lunches, you said I guess he never worked at the debate.
So what's the deal now? What are we doing?
We're waiting for things to reboot, reset, reboot.
See, there you go, what are Canadians stuff again? Bad programming, man.
Very bad programming. They're real unhappy with that across the street.
Thank you so much for putting us on the Craig Hodeys phony polar.
I mean, why doesn't he just put on no names from QA?
I'm just going to have a blank list and then put on the ones from across the street.
As if, you know.
Now there's Greg Kotex to a show over there.
Something is he under staff, do we know?
I'll ask one of the people over there.
Yeah, I asked around and find out because we got very jackass.
As a matter of fact, I would think so because the herald has this incestuous relationship with that whole station, right?
Isn't that their flagship station?
Yep.
Also, there you go.
So once again, let's put a phony, see one thing about our poles, man.
We put any crap on there you want, even though they're very scientific.
But with this, the herald pole, this is supposed to be a major market newspaper.
Okay, it's supposed to be like responsible about 50 years ago before all your people took it over.
Don't forget, Ellen, it wasn't, yeah, with Dan LaBaster.
Dan LaBaster and Greg Kotex, that was the same Greg Kotex who said,
two bad the panthers had done in the year when they went to the Stanley Cup finals,
when they were playing the penguins, which they wound up cleaning up the ice with Pittsburgh.
Oh, two bad there are, they're out of gas and they give it a good shot and they're,
yeah, right.
What you know about hockey, Greg Kotex, I could shove in here and have room for the Chinese army left over, simple.
Okay, so let's do the break if the thing is ready or not.
Yeah, or not.
Or not.
Thanks, man.
Well, the good news is, here's a box from Amazon.
Oh, you got another package?
Yeah, did you send another one?
Yes.
All right, well, here it is.
Open that baby up.
In fact, what's the name of that movie?
The second one I sent you, Imaginary Heroes, I believe.
That's what it says on my piece of paper.
Is that what it says?
Imaginary Hero?
I'm carving it open.
You know how that's all right?
Carving it, baby.
No, no, don't carve it into the box.
No, I wouldn't do that.
Again, so now you've got two movies to watch.
There it is, Imaginary Heroes.
No, you're like it.
It's a cash in the box.
I don't know.
You know, the one scene, because you get real, all bent out of shape, like the mug one, whatever that movie was, the mug one boy.
Right.
There is a scene where there was a little, little, little, little nebriated and it's his,
and the guy to call the other day about, well, isn't that really his step brother or his half brother?
Well, what difference does that make, see?
I mean, I understand the technical point, but the fact that it matters is those two guys aren't going to make babies, I don't think.
Yeah, hello, you know.
Rodee, no matter how you slice it.
No, no, you don't really see anything.
Kiss, you can handle a kiss, you know?
I can handle it.
Yeah, like I could handle a kiss from Sam on it.
The Supernatural turn away.
I can probably handle more than one.
I'll alert my eyes.
Who best fits this?
Someone who needs a personality transplant besides grade code text.
Al Gore 104, John Kerry 89, Martha Stewart 63.
I wonder if he's related to Ron Stewart, who want a killing Terry Sajak.
Joseph Gaki 53, and in the cold Smith 51, Tiger Woods 43, Bob Greasey 26, Mel Gibson 23, Toronto Weather, Saudi and the Beautiful.
Ben Stein 18, Kevin Costner 15, Pete Sanpress 14, Bino Cook 11, and of course it's compelling because it really takes a whole long time.
Steph Gordon 11, 11, Ellen J. Degenerate 9, Jimmy Cifilis 6, Senator Bill Nelson 4, and Bernie Williams 4.
It's really compelling when you got a one-six-year in midday or whatever they got.
Anyway, what do you got?
Nothing working?
Chop chop.
No, nothing's working.
I'll let you know.
Do let me know what.
What is...
When I say something?
Well, we got to arrested that great to do, man.
One thing we don't want to do on this stage is miss any spots.
We're not like these other people, but their big ego is voting for themselves in polls and stupid-ass stuff like that.
We're not about that.
What we're about is like hitting on a spot so we can charge somebody money.
Now, how about the other room?
Are they like mashing with the other room or something?
Who doing what?
In other words, nobody's doing nothing as what you're telling me.
Wow, where's the program director in the middle of this?
Where's our program director?
Where's our little boy PD when you and Hurricane?
Where is he?
Is he the one?
Huh?
There was a cloud in the sky in the way that this is happening.
It doesn't feel like it's an FPL power outage.
It feels like somebody's tripping circuit breakers somewhere.
Some of these tripping circuit breakers.
Yeah, we're just tripping.
Somebody's tripping out?
I'm tripping.
When in doubt.
Well, I guess I could play the legal ID now.
Can I do something?
You could play the illegal ID.
How about a short legal ID?
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
Okay, so let me see if we're getting any results here.
And I'd blog on a Herald.
Let's see if we can impact that and do stuff the IOD.
The IOD crowd.
Not the QAM crowd.
MiamiHerald.com.
I'm getting an eerie just from thinking about queer code text.
He just really gives me spilkeys.
It's so obvious, so pathetic, you know.
See, if you're going to do a thing, why don't you have the balls to do it like fairly?
Honestly, okay?
Leave any of the clues.
Leave the clues.
Huh?
And leaving all the other people off of there?
Okay, favorite Kim person out of this time, I'll vote for 80K.
I'll count you out of the like, spread them around.
I'll vote for somebody different every time.
Because he probably needs to vote anyways under when everybody's shluffing.
Okay, 526 votes under so far.
Well, that's not much.
We're not getting much action on that blog, you guys.
What the hell's wrong from you?
The big O's got 48, Hanks got 75, 80K 33, mad dog 170.
He's got more than everybody else put together or damn, damn, damn near.
The mad dog who ought to be on 2 to 6 at any price.
Give him a blank check, guys.
Your least favorite, let's vote for, uh, I don't know, mad dog.
Just because he's doing too well anyway, right?
Just to spread it around, right?
Least favorite.
Come on, let's go.
Let's go.
Let's open this baby up.
But our website really blows.
How many we got?
299.
So that's really weak.
Five.
Three.
Six hundred.
Orlando 65, Henry Goldberg 133, 80K 57, and mad dog only 44.
The least.
Now, speaking of the least, let's go to there, guys.
Which they're obviously loading up on is, which was their idea.
Oh, let's give them all that publicity.
Remember how well it worked for them last time?
Yeah, put them on the top.
You bet the next several months in a row that got those points.
Oh, yeah.
So you can vote online all you want.
You can load up everybody and you can sit there, tap it away.
And the meantime, that doesn't give you any diaries.
It doesn't put any, it doesn't give that dollar or a holler any kind of a goose, you know?
So maybe a buck and a quarter or a holler.
What do you think?
No.
And no interest?
Okay, seven 90 to ticket.
Your favorite.
Let's vote for Jeff DeForest, who ain't coming here by the way.
Jeff DeForest, what we got, the Brandsig 23.
They're trying to dump him over to us, Vivo, and we're not interested.
Brandsig 23, D-Forest, only 23.
You know, a small potatoes.
Daniel of Bastard 98, he probably voted half of those himself.
Let's see, they got 366 on the plus side.
O.J. McDuffin to do 27.
That's comical.
Kevin Rogers only four.
Throw Rose 84, who should be way ahead of everybody.
Sydney Rosenstein, Virg 10, move Shambhi 69 and Stugots 28.
Well, they aren't like making much movement on there now.
How's that equipment coming, Josh?
Your least favorite, let's vote for Stugots again.
Oh, yeah.
Let's give a shot for Stugots, a shout out.
How many they got on least favorite?
321.
So we got 635 and they got 687.
Well, we're closing again.
What's that blog address again now that I got my computer back there?
Just mind me here, old.com, and you go on to that main page,
and you go about two thirds of the way down, and Greg Kotech's blog,
and we're gonna say whatever.
Brands, 25, Jeff DeForest 29,
least favorite, Dan La Bastard 97, they hate him like poison.
They wish that somebody would poison his, uh, enema.
Oh, Jamie Duffy 31, Kevin Rogers 12,
Joe Rose 25, Sydney Rosenstein Virg, go back to New York 48.
That's pretty high for a guy that's on for like about five minutes.
Luke Shambhi 13 and Stugots 41.
41, and Daddy's still got a lot of money.
Just like Joel Feinberg, I guess that's what they got over there.
They got a lot of money.
Of course, now that we're playing,
dropping in a few sounds that sound like it may be a fart.
And now they're gonna be in trouble.
Now that we're playing any fart sounds, you understand?
Of course not.
More terrible singers for that pull good.
That's good.
Bruce Willis.
Bruce Willis is a singer.
He, uh, tried to or did, uh, although he was good in that movie.
What movie was it? He was good?
I don't know, which one.
He's been all right in a couple.
Mark Wahlberg.
Mark Mark.
A giant, yeah, he's a singer of sorts.
Another guy.
That's how he started out.
He's a way better actor than he is.
It's a Mark Mark.
He's kind of a reversing vocalist.
The old one.
Oh, no, now we're talking.
We are talking.
Pat Boone.
Oh, come on.
I mean, I can't stand Pat Boone, but he is saying some tune, Pat Boone.
Paris Hilton, she's got an album out this month.
We haven't heard of it, but we know she sucks.
Well, and Kelly Osborn.
Why are you picking on poor Kelly?
That's pretty good.
Kelly Osborn.
Who are you kidding on?
Okay, that's one of the Raleigh Ragnar.
Which, uh, okay.
So we're keeping close track of that red code text thing over there.
That's that.
Now, how many more votes do you think?
How many thousand votes do you think?
How many thousand votes do you think?
We have a QA money in addition if we would have put my name on it.
Then there are balls to do it.
Do you?
Do you have red code text?
You could still change it.
Make it a fair pool.
You say, who's your favorite radio person out there in either station?
And you won't do it because you know I clean their clock.
Okay?
I want to flow up with them.
And you know it.
The whole bunch of them glim over there put together, including that city Rosencranstein Schwartz.
What a joke.
What a what a market, man.
What a market.
Even publishes a whole lot better market than that South Florida toilet.
WQA and Greg Cote's line.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
Uh, Hulk Logan does that as saying his daughter Brooke does.
So that's problem confusion.
Really?
Yes.
Yes.
Brooke Hogan.
Yes, she goes to Harry Hogan.
Very off-crow.
Very off-crow.
Thank you, man.
Okay.
Thanks, pal.
Let's talk about Brooke Hogan now.
Have a good friend?
Don't talk bad about Brooke Hogan now.
Why is she hot?
Oh, yeah.
How old is she about 12?
That's a sick man.
That's a sick man.
You said you didn't have to handle my duct, too, I understand.
I'm sorry?
Don't let her.
Don't let us know that Josh has got the hot spur duct.
Hillary Duff?
I definitely don't.
She's gross.
Yeah, sure.
Hold is she about 5?
something like that. So, Hulk Hogan's daughter that is, I'm Brooke Hogan? Yeah, very
hot. Is that Babin Brooke? What, let's not put her on her. We don't want to take
shot if she's hot. I don't think I've ever heard her. The marquee Mark was kind of hot
in his day. He was doing all of underwear as commercials. I'm Calvin Clean. Cline.
Were they clean? Cline. WQAM, hello. Spot free radio, hello. Mr. QAM? Yes, sir.
That's how about the obnoxious Lisa Marie Pressley. Lisa Marie, she couldn't sing a
word about paper sack, but she sure anxious to have Michael Jackson's baby. Thank you,
pal. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. What do you say? Uh-huh. Lisa Marie, pretty
Pressley. Wow. All the great singers all the time. No wonder nobody's what
buying no more CDs. God, these are artists who even want to steal their music
for free if they pay you when listen to it. Dominic QAM, hello. Yes, sir. Hello.
Hello. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. George. Yo. How you doing? All right. Hey, uh, just
got in the, uh, well, they're ready to, in the vehicle. You guys are switching
poles here on me or you guys know, we got all kinds of, which one do you like? Can
I tell you what? I got a couple of names. Your favorite guys for the ones that can't
sing. And uh, so let's just alone. Yeah. And your boy will Smith.
And uh, fabulous. In my favorite. You get my vote. Yeah. In closing. Is there
any way you can play again now that old you can eat Negro?
We don't get any stuff. We're trying to play it twice. So he's just
disappeared. I think you're right. I think there's some hanky planky going
on to that. What is that? That will Smith? Oh, yes. Well, there's a will.
There's a will. Oh, God. Wait. Wait. He hasn't gotten to you with it yet.
Good. That's I don't want to hear that part. I don't want to hear that jiggy part.
I get kind of sick when I hear that jiggy. Oh, man, he just, I, he gives me the
creep. And there's something. I don't know why. I don't know what it is. I just, I see him
like on TV. Who loves it? It'll be. And he just unknows the crap on me.
Because you can just tell he's got such an attitude and he thinks his stuff
don't sting. I heard it does.
How many bullets does it take? Who did mo to push your music?
Boy. Now, and you notice an interesting thing. I don't know what this has to do with it.
But the lady with a mustache, it's very sad because her mama died. She couldn't find out
about it until she on the phone, you know, which is one hell. Yeah, mama died. She just
disappeared. And, but they keep showing that. And I mean, granted, they can't say, well,
here's the lady with a mustache, but, but they don't, not as well. I know, don't you find it.
I think that's why they keep showing that over again. I don't think they have any sympathy
for her family. She's also fat. Yeah, right. Exactly. But I mean, I just don't understand what,
you look at that and you say, don't you find something a little bizarre? Yeah, okay.
Kill him first. Somebody QYM spotless radio. Hello.
Yes, sir. Hey, how are you doing? Speak, can you?
Speaking. Let me say again. You said, is this me? I said, yep. And you still me?
Yeah, okay. Good call. You scared him. Somebody QYM. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yeah, I want to talk to
Neil about the poll. Speaking. This is Dave. Hey, Dave. How you doing? All right.
I want to tell my Paul sort of, you know, from from Goodfellas. Paul Servino was a singer.
He was a singer. He did his Christmas song. Oh my God. That's scary. Yeah.
I think he's going to get hit for doing that. Thanks a lot, Pally. Tell him Neil and Paul
Servino ought to be on there. Paulie. We'll see him in a minute. Good. 5, 6, 7, now it's getting
closer to break in the next hour. And I mean, I just don't know what you people are thinking about
over there except maybe lunch. You know what? What's the story? Well, how do you feel about the
Zerid? Josh's answer. We won't. There was a good movie I turned you on too. And I did. Did you
give that to Josh? Did he watch pin? Did I get that to you, Josh? No. I'm not watching another movie.
Get out of here. You're not watching another movie. Because I won't watch the new guy. You're going to
play hard ass. That's going to be your loss because you're going to miss a lot of good movies. Sorry man. Too bad.
Too bad. That was a hard ass. Yeah. Which one will break first?
Breakfast. Now you would recommend pin. Wouldn't you? It's not a great movie but it's enjoyable. It's
fine. I give it an interesting. I give it a what? I pass it. There you go. Also nice. Right.
And I think Primal Fear and what I imagine here is you like both of those two and you can pass
him along to Josh or not. He can be a hard ass and I want you to one of those. I think you already
watched Primal Fear, didn't you? I did. Yes. Now that was good. I liked it. It was very good.
Sleepers. I recommend it. How are you? You say you're seeing great. So what's not to like? I don't
understand this because I won't watch City of God. You said I don't like it. I lied. Okay. I got
you to watch Magnolia and you didn't like it anyway. What do you mean? I said I did like what?
What? So there's another one I turned you on who that was great. Magnolia. Jesus Christ. We're
giving you all this entertainment. Most of it for free. I'm spending the money and giving you
money. Where did you get Magnolia? Some listener brought that in right? Right. He burned you one.
And the other two. God. And I'm trying to give you a good movie to watch. And here you keep
begging me to go to bed for that razor. Or is it what do you do? What do you do? What do you just
slap me in a face with that City of God, man? It's just a burned your body special. So that's
the worst and ungrateful goi. So let me ask you, we're going to do some spots. You're not.
Because we're going to get way out soon. I tell you what, maybe we'll just go to like 140 and the
like Alan Burke used to do. Well, I used to do it on purpose now because there was a technical
mouth function. At this point, you just keep going until you got tired of it. And then whenever
you want to do the break, it's like 15 minutes of spots. Kind of like some other show I can think of.
Anyways, 12 minutes after what I'm going to do my spots. And if you ain't got no spots to bed,
even Dalmatian's got spots, even the leopard's got better spots. You know, we got nothing. Because
we got and you mean to tell me there's nobody working on it? There's nobody. Oh, they're working on it.
Who was they? The engineers. Yes. And what about the program directors? You got his finger in
this? Fly it around somewhere. Is he there? No. He is not there. So I want you to sit again. He
is not there. He is not there. Here. If you're in a dead end job.
I'm
I don't mind Ian Fearless leader listens to our private phone calls. Let's listen in on one of his.
But there are provisions in the revised Patriot Act that undermines the Constitution.
I'm going to Constitution in my face. It's just a
damn teacher of paper. I'm tired of hearing it back. She just appointed me not you.
Look, just trying to get you some in it. Excuse me. Middles is ready. Middles. Did you say
middle? Yes. Vittles. So may I remind you you're from Connecticut. Thank you. I want to
say is tender Vittles. He's eaten. Twenty two after one. I mean, another thing about this
bogus herald Gregg codex pool. Like I said, they got nine people listed for Cross the street
and four for us. So do the math. You know what I'm saying? Oh, man, you're going to make me do math.
Yeah, do the math. Did you take a look at it? Yeah, I looked at it. And how ridiculous it is?
You voted on it. It's crock. Yeah, it's a crock. You're crap. In fact, at least the one thing we say about the
herald, they may not be good, but they're consistent. In fact, I don't even know why he put his name on it. Why
do you just put Daniel a bastard's name on it? That would have been a little more accurate. Hey, Danny Boy,
you're still suck. And by the way, let me say it again. Six point eight to one point six. Does that sound like
competition? No. Can have a scab on my fat ass. It would be like more of a difficult situation than them.
Well, we don't want to put that new rises on there because, you know, we know we're trying to make this look
good competitive. Just wait till the end of whatever that month is. You know what I'm saying?
What do you say? I'm saying, when they drop that December when the winter book comes out, they're
going to be outsourced over there. Especially now we got those big Panther numbers. Oh, man, you just
wait. You ain't seen nothing yet. Five, six, seven, we're going to be doing another break pretty soon,
I would imagine. I apologize for that. But in the meantime, here's a marine doubt.
Delusion and illusion worthy of Dickens. Don't you love when I read marine doubts?
Counts, especially if it's about Dickens. It's not about cider. The Democrats will never
win the White House as long as they're stuck in Bleak House. They're slipping and sliding in the
same crust upon crust of mud and caboose creeping fog and soft-like drizzle and flakes of soot.
That black in the chamber of law and the opening of the Terrific Dickens novel,
an irresistible TVS series. The lumbering pace of jardice versus jardice will pale compared with
is that how you say that? No idea. We'll pale compared with the time it'll take the Cowden
Collecky Democrats, the inkback power from Republicans, skilled at abusing it.
The party simply seems incapable of getting the muscular message and riveting messenger
needed to spell the mud fog, grizzle, and soot emanating from Karl Roves' rag-and-bone shop on
Pennsylvania Avenue. As the White House draps its truckload of lies around the country,
it becomes ever clearer that Nancy Pelosi, Harry Reid, Hillary Clinton, John Kerry and Al Gore,
are not just not the right people to respond to the administration's national security scarathon.
We have mirrored in Iraq in the first place partly because Dick Cheney and Rummy thought that
post-Vietnam and post-Cluten America was seen as soft. One shock in awe session, one tyrant
stopped on the wrecking of the Arab world with no longer seeing Americans as whims. That reasoning
turned out to be dangerous flying in the face of warnings from our own intelligence experts.
But Karl Roves is still ditioned out the same line and it's still working. Those who want to
re-evide it with the strategy in Iraq are soft. Those who want to reign in the Patriot Act are soft.
Those who question the elite of doctrine of presidential absoluteism are soft. Those who
don't want to break the law on snoop on Americans are soft. That's a soft but practically collaborating
with the terrorists. Republicans have a post-911 worldview on national security, Mr. Roves said last
week, and many Democrats have a pre-911 worldview. That doesn't make them unpeak periodic, not at all,
but it does make them wrong, deeply and profoundly and consistently wrong, he be saying.
But you only need to check the paper, David, to see this administration has been deeply
and profoundly and consistently wrong and everything. From the promise to rebuild Iraq and the
consequences of deploying a strained army this long in an insurgent war, to defaited a respond
to the aftermath of Katrina after dissembling about pre-stormal arms. The bumbling bush team that
ignored the warning, bin Laden determined to attack inside the U.S., also ignored one that
went something like Katrina determined to attack New Orleans. And now the White House is trying to
inhibit congressional questions on Katrina just as it did for 911 inquiries. The administration's
PR offensive on warrantless and questionably effective snooping is so aggressive that it's even
arrest exposing the president to an occasional unscripted, but still a tough question. So it rambles
on about steering clear, broke back mountain and the authoritative value of mountain biking.
And he calls Barney, the Scottish Terrier, the son I never had. Barney's dead is all bark and no bite.
The White House is a skittish-abuck built in the indians as it is about building and cooling cowboys,
and medicine has pictures of the president with Jack Abrov, but it won't cough him up.
While he was out defending his scofflaw behavior, W. Hedwood dressed the fact that the real nuclear
threat Iran, as opposed to the fake nuclear threat Iraq, is embarrassing him. He told the Iranian
people, we have no beef with you. State Department reporters puzzled over how that might be translated
into Farsi. We have no cow with you. You couldn't turn on a TV this week without saying torture
guy Alberto Gonzalez giving all-purpose legal cover to dictating is that grim paper ravages the
Constitution. At Georgetown University, speech W. S. Legal, a licks fiddle ignored a few student
protestors, but he might have learned something from their banner and blazing with the words of Benjamin
Franklin, those who would sacrifice liberty for security deserve neither, neither. In their usual
twisted way, the Bushes are reducing their abusive law to a test of testosterone, knowing the
Democrats will pay duty to their punch. The B.M.s needed to drum up a decent message so they look
as if they know what the Dickens they're doing before the November election, otherwise they look
bound suffocates holding out gruel cups to Carl Rove and pleading, please sir, I want some more.
It's written down as usual, brilliant, not a great reading. I beg your pardon, it was not bad.
That was great. I don't give a dickens. 27 past one.
I can't believe my joke's gone. I know, come here.
Girlfriend, your breath is rank. I'm sorry. No, no, no, it's okay. Luckily, I brought along the
first-ever breath freshener for people grieving the loss of a loved one. Really?
Yeah, they're called the Revement. Revement?
Yeah, this powerful breath and air freshener eliminates bad breath and the stench of death at the same time.
Here, try one.
Refrashin.
Revement, the breath freshener for people mourning the loss of a loved one.
Thanks, Revement.
Located at your girl's thrish counter or funeral parlor next to the lip and bomb.
132 at 560 WMST were almost there, even Stephen on the votes now with that other
across the street, the ticket that the clearance is obsessed with if you ever show up to work.
And Mad Dog is quick and Daniel Le Bastard's ass.
For example, who's your favorite 188 from Mad Dog, your least favorite, Daniel Le Bastard,
18? How do you like that? By a few miles. Mad Dog is a zin and miles at everybody on who's
your favorite and Daniel Le Bastard way down the road. They hate him like poison.
Wish he would die a wicked death. They wish he'd elope with the boogster.
Or you wait until you hear the stories that Josh just told me the other day about those two.
560, 560, we can't do it on the air.
Count 560 on the Verizon Singular Rhyme Slime.
Okay, let's get back to whichever poll this is. We got two going at the same time because I'm
building them one for tomorrow and that's probably a bad mistake. No, you think? No.
That would have.
Well, no, we needed to get all those 8 million names on there for people who couldn't
sing right off a paper sack. I'll tell you who can't sing at all,
I said, hey, Rumsfeld, who best fits this sign? We're getting tired of that old song,
by the way, Hermann Gearing. Someone who needs a personality transplant. We got 633 on air.
Al Gore, 119. John Kerry, 108. Now, look at it too good for our Democrats.
They isn't. No. In fact, that's what Marine just wrote. Didn't, didn't, didn't she?
Right. Martha Stewart, 68. Joseph Yankees, 66. Same person.
Aninacole Smith, 59. Tiger Woods, 45. God is he terminal. Mel Gibson, 27. Bob Reese, 27.
He is as expression as a paper bag. Ben Stein, 24. You want Ben Stein's money?
Clear on. Rather that you had it, split it up between you guys and send me a couple of bucks.
Pete Samper's 19, the clammy one. Kevin Costner, 17. Bino Cook, 14. What, they hate the old Bino?
In fact, you know, if you don't take the Bino, you know what happened, don't you? No, I don't.
Well, I don't know where I'm going to find them. See, I got to put those, well, I'll see,
we'll see exactly where we stand with all this if we come back tomorrow or not.
Well, I got that wink wink nudge, nudge, nudge, not, and I mean, maybe I was interpreting it wrong,
but I don't think so. And of course, since we don't have a program director,
you see you people over there on a West Coast with all your efficiency experts. They sent a guy
over last year who worked in for CBS runs a fun time. And he's the one that came into,
well, you got all these extra people there. You don't need Ray Perry and you don't need Dufflin Z.
You know, yeah, right. So now we got nobody. We got nobody. And in the meantime,
oh, what was they going to say? Oh, that. In the meantime, we got poor Joe Bella new GM.
We're trying to figure out who's on first and what kind of a mess he's been left with there.
And so he's plenty busy, especially with that sales department. And as a result, you know,
we got all this other stuff going on and nobody to deal with it. Remember the old days when,
if we go off the year for like five seconds like we did twice our day, who would be in there like in a heartbeat?
The Queen. I'm talking about it. This radio stage. Oh, with this radio station.
Right, Duff. Right. Why are you so reluctant to say that? I mean, sometimes being a nervous
nearly isn't all a bad thing. No, sometimes you want to run a nervous nearly that like, oh,
gee, it's a lawsuit. Crazy. Whatever. You know, whenever you squeal in about that day so that you
wouldn't feel alone, you are not alone. There you go. So you know, somebody might be on top of it.
So to speak was over there, you know, yanking with the engineers. But now it's like the first time
we went, it was like happened by us Moses. And then only the second time they finally come around
and did all of the stuff so we could play all this important spots. God, that's just it's just
amazing to me. I guess they figure out like an autopilot. Well, as I say it on Friday,
along before all of this stuff happened with the paycheck, with the technical going off here,
what was I saying? I don't know. I forgot. We need a full time program director, not somebody who
comes in once in a while and pushes some papers around the rights of a schedule and wants to be a
UM sports. There you go. If you want to be listen, WVUM is hiring. Okay. VUM is hiring.
You follow what I'm saying? What do you say? And I'll guarantee you, by the way, that they probably
pay me five million a year to go across the street, even though they don't really lie about it.
Because that would put their ass on the map. They realize that mid-day they might as well sign off.
They know that. Why do you think he's not putting me on that pool? Obviously.
So obviously it's embarrassing. People are laughing at you, Greg Cotex. They're saying,
oh, well, we know you won't put me a Rogers on you. Even though it says,
favorite radio personality under the guys that, well, he doesn't do a sports show. Guess what?
I'll do a sports show and still kick the rash. How do you like that? Mr. Hot Shot, Mr. Panthers ain't
going to beat the penguins. Mr. Schmucko. Good. Gally Miss Molly. What a bunch of losers,
man. The market is just loaded with losers. But Charles Voli called us today.
Who now needs Greg Cotex with you? Oh, check Voli on your side. Yeah, and probably that,
what's your name? Shpilky's the Ray. Well, we don't want her on our side. You have her on your side.
Sorry, she's on the dark side. A peace activist, oh, really? But she don't have no mustache.
Have you looked at her lately? No. That's why I'm in a pretty good mood today. In fact,
maybe my check-all show up today, the other one that's supposed to be there, maybe they're both
be there. Like, like, everything that's supposed to be there today, you know? We'll find out
about a half an hour. If, in fact, if not, I might just come in and interrupt Curtis right in
middle of a show and start just screaming and carrying on and making horrible sounds.
A peace out, and you folks out there, even though it's meaningless, and it like the whole thing
is stacked against us, you'd get on there and vote for whoever you like on the QAM. Eight million
times on a herald pool. Reboot it, refresh it. Before all day long, just sit there and keep
tapping on it, just to piss them off. Not that we really care, because that ain't the pool accounts.
Now, I wouldn't want to make sense if he really wanted to do it right. Just make a list of who's
out of what time? Right. Here's two columns. Here's, you know, here's the QAM list, and here's the
whatever they're waxy list, and then who's your least favorite, the same thing, two columns,
and then all of us would be on whoever is on. But no. Why are you disqualified because you're not
doing a sports show? Maybe that's a statement. In other words, because red code text is a sports
nerd, right? Red code text comes from the same mold as your Sparttime program director.
That's all he knows about us. Although you know he's listening right now. And by the way,
you're still a loser, Greg. You're still the same idiot that you always were. You haven't read
written anything worth reading in ages. At least for a grim once in a while, he writes to
something good or Mike Mayo twice a year. Carl Heissum was not written about alligators and
mugwumps. A red code text, when's the last time he wrote anything of note that anybody might
remember, huh? I, in fact, as a matter of fact, even that Toronto weather forecast is more interesting
and more compelling than Greg code text has gone. How do you like that? No strings attached.
Now what's that pit about? Oh, that's right. The dolphin thing. We only have one string.
What does he say in that pit? They're only good for one period. They have no strings.
They have no second string. That's cute, but that's before day 16 in a row. So we stop playing that.
I think we have a star playing that again for next year. A peace activist was sentenced yesterday
to six months in prison for splattering his own blood today military recruiting station to protest
that then looming war in Iraq. Daniel Burns was the first of four activists to be sentenced this
week for splattering their blood on the windows walls, pictures and an American flag at the Arming
Marine Corps recruiting station, March 17 2003. They splattered their blood around.
Mother, if it's good enough for the Catholic Church, it's good enough for him.
The body of Christ, the body of Christ. Now when you stop and think about that, that is so sick.
Yeah. Macon on their boy. Macon on Jesus. No, I don't have time to play that today, sorry.
And Mr. Witchgill's got that TV show. Are you sure? You don't want to be promoting that.
The so-called St. Patrick's Four were convicted for damaging government property and
ring a military recruiting station for unlawful purposes. The West District Church Thomas McAvoy
said he wasn't punishing Burns for protesting, but for how he protested and what he did. You bloody idiot.
The court doesn't question your motivation. He said, I know you didn't go there with evil
purpose in mind. You went in good conscience, but what you did clearly violated the law.
Burns 45 was fine. 250 bucks for contempt, ordered to share payment of 958 in a restitution
for cleaning up the damage at the recruiting station near Ithaca, New York. How do you like that?
That is hearing in Vinghamton. Oh, man, all these great places. El Myra, Palmyra, Corning, Cornell.
What? For Donia. For Donia, Cheek, DeWaga, Ta-Nawanda, Lackawana, Lacka Talent.
Oh, that's what they suffer from from the days of when they're the start. Lacka Talent, Lacka Numbers,
Lacka listeners, Lacka Brains. But that's in the Rosenberg. He sure turned out to be very
popular. He's got like eight million ahead of him like poison. I wish he'd go back to New York and
pee on the desk on the dime. I'm a show. 141 at 560 WQA. And hey,
you get a lot of information. The O'Rodgers are sports-or-a-d-o-w-u-a-l-r-k.
Let it be a little maybe. Will he advance?
Our Hall of Rights rings now.
Absolutely.
Will he ignore all of Bush's wildtats?
Huh?
Will he come back with citizens fighting?
Yes.
I'm really in for a weird one day.
Err.
I'm gonna see all of a sudden Bush and Judgements.
You're fair.
Will you laugh?
I've no such thing.
I'm not.
I'm deaf.
We get caught.
For a little drunk.
Will he make us right in jail for life?
That's right.
Absolutely.
Should we like a little baby?
No.
Oh.
Liverpool will say he's been saved.
Oh.
Bush will stand by him forever.
Oi.
But will he be saved?
My rights are ruined.
I'm gonna see every day.
Will I talk to him?
Will I talk to him?
You're fair.
Now, don't anybody suggest Enrique for that pull?
If you think he's dancing, you're just sucking up to George.
He can sing.
You don't like it, am I?
He can't sing.
See what I'm saying?
That's exactly what I knew you'd say.
You're a new.
Just because you think he's cute.
You think he's a thing.
Didn't George just say that Enrique was cute?
He likes his mole.
It wasn't Greg always going up and down the hall looking for the mole.
Maybe he was looking for Enrique, he sold his house to him.
You see that?
What I've told you all these years, the one constant is that you can put all these pieces.
Nothing is like isolated.
All the pieces of the universe fit together into one big hole.
That's what the W.
W.
You see that?
That's what we got now, W.
See that?
There's another example.
Didn't Greg Sellers' house in Dave County there, do you know Enrique?
Don't remember.
Did he?
Get out of here.
Get out of town.
Are you just pissed off because you didn't get a Christmas card from Enrique like I did?
Yeah.
A lot of lipstick on it.
I think he was wearing it.
I think he was wearing it.
Was wearing it.
I think you're pardoned?
Yeah, since he's so cute now.
Yeah.
Boy, you are hostile today.
What is that all about?
I'm not hostile.
You want to be, you want to feel like Deliberated.
What's wrong with you?
I feel great.
Do you?
There's a lot of time.
And still Enrique can't say.
Well, I'm worried.
Let's put him on.
Okay.
And Mikia Blaces, I'll put him on.
I got to make an up list.
I'll put it on.
Can it be anywhere near the top of that list?
What?
Well, there you go.
Got some challengers there.
He's got some stiff competition.
Don't question about that.
Speaking of a stiff competition, I just looked at that Dan Cotex, that hero thing where
it got the blogs, going there in like vote 400 times.
And we're almost even steven on the total number of votes.
And of course, that doesn't really mean all that much because it's Mixed in Match.
In other words, it's crossover.
There's a slot over between the two stations.
But the least popular is by far and away, Daniel Labasteren.
I mean, they hate him like poison.
But like between Mad Dog and Labasteren, your favorite?
192 from Mad Dog 110 for Labaster.
They had number one ahead start.
And Labasteren got about 60 or 70 of those votes themselves.
And we got, wait, that's not my just making that up.
His last time when Sarni did that in the Sunsettle, we got that information right from the horses butt over there, right from the inside.
Our mole on the inside.
And it wasn't in Rikki either.
Yeah, we got moles inside that building.
And of course, Robert Creeper is probably feeding them information too, and on what I had a turn code here.
Is he still there, by the way?
Is he still here?
Yeah, he's in charge.
Robert Creeper is running the station today.
All right, that's why we're all going to vote Republican.
The rate no less than today, but gosh dang it, we're going to make one up.
Put that big right wing vote in a ballot box.
Now, don't get them confused because up here like red is liberal and blue is conservative.
So let's all vote for the red state.
Like I said, I mean, let's all vote for the blue, whatever.
You and I'm confused.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60, I'm going out and give me a watch.
And if I get a phone call in the next 10 minutes and I find out that I checked in show up today,
you have a good time tomorrow and Friday.
All right.
And then of course you can say, oh, well, he got suspended for playing those sound files that you were in rehab.
What, fart rehab?
That's right.
Well, no, I think it's long overdue.
And now are you serious?
Are you just joshing me?
That our program director has his little plan.
Words is not there today.
Yeah, we've been joshing you today.
Yeah.
So, I mean, do I rest my case on that or what?
You know, I mean, look out.
There are things that happen.
Crap happens every single day.
And maybe a WVUM that might be okay.
Oh, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, call somebody up.
Right.
Very sad what's going on.
But, you know, I'm going to continue having 20, 30 hour discussions with Joe Bell or we did.
That's why I told the Humber to do this morning, you know.
Save his fan ass.
A couple of spied on the president of FIU, the FBI said.
Carlos MNELSA Alvarez fired on FIU president Modesto Medique.
Giving details in at least one report to their Cuban intelligence members about a White House invitation that Medique had received.
Quite a way, government after David obtained by the anxious Miami hero.
Let's put him on the poll too.
How many votes has he got?
Mitch Medique.
FBI agents executed the search warranted at FIU.
January the 12th, he sees the Alvarez's computers in the respective orifice.
That search was a follow-up to the FBI's discovery in the Alvarez home computers, which were linked to those at the orificorinat FBI.
I have a David.
You know that, Alfred David?
What's one?
Is that like an Afro-DZF?
Alfred David?
The document offers a first glimpse of the information the FBI believes the Alvarez is charged with failing to register as foreign agents, provided a Cuban intelligence agent over the last three decades.
How do you like that?
All them people spying for Fidel.
So gay.
They're gay?
Gay.
Christina Mendoza, FIU's general counsel, said,
You ferry.
I said, a university official sealed off the couple's campus offices and the university's police have stood guard around the clock.
And they're playing Bill Haley in the background, rock around the clock.
Mendoza said the FBI, agents at the university's request, scheduled their search for the United January 12th so they would not disrupt the campus during the day.
All those students that are working feverishly over a hard textbook, right?
Right.
They're working over it feverishly, all right.
How is our pool coming with Bob Greasy and all these?
Now, which pool is that?
Oh, I can't tell.
Period.
What's going on?
There's an interesting and important data point.
You talk about retention.
The forces are being retained at historically high rates, but specifically the lower level soldiers, the soldiers with one foot.
But it would have been wasted time when it was dog and pony show.
Oh, by the way, because no matter what kind of crap he spews them, oh thank you Mr. Secretary and then of course with him.
It's always yuck yuck yuck yuck yuck yuck yuck.
All those people are dying over there yuck yuck yuck yuck.
I say your father's mustache or in this case maybe your mama's mustache.
That woman's mustache is a meal Roger.
Gotcha.
Oh, let's pop you some more prisoners.
Make them scream nice and loud.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Take a city and cover it in sleep, rain making can Rain making can Rain making can Rain making can, because he wants to make a new orderlings piece of wood And I don't care what people are saying Like Jesse Jackson, we as black people His common thought is on Surely God is there He compared the hopefuls to a willy on the bottom Shopping making can Rain making can
Rain making can, because he wants to make a new orderlings piece of wood It's time for us to come together It's time for us to rebuild a new orderlings The one that should be uptown all the way over the hill This city will be chocolate A chocolate new order He never takes the blame
For anything he says, chocolate That's the end of the day That job limits of God the end of all one's all there's Rain making can Rain making can, because he wants to make a new orderlings piece of wood You can't have new orders no other way It wasn't in the war
Bye bye bye when it comes to school
We need to be on the tour
To be renewed by city, to be free and by having poor blood in it
I have a job to be on the tour, to be free and by having poor blood in it
I have a job to be on the tour, to be free and by having poor blood in it
God, you're free
