How young is too young?
Baby, aren't you couple missles?
At that tour in place we know
And aim a mad-a-fellah
Whose first name begins with old
There's one thing we all understain
Alpato will be finished
Until we blow up Pakistan
Absolutely
We could chase him round forever
With our tanks and all our troops
The special forces are some tired
Of jumping through them loose
You don't need another plane
So let's cut out all the nonsense
And we'll blow up Pakistan
Now we don't need a nuclear tank
Why don't we stop pussy food
And we'll blow up Pakistan
What's the matter?
Let's put it on a calendar for next Monday
Tell it to at 5.60 WQM
Too much sports and a morning show
I just thought I would mention it
Too much sports clearance
You idiot, you jackass
He's tied the sports news around their neck
But that's okay because the checks are nuclear
See one of the bad things
About this business coming back on
Well the worst thing is the pool business
I noticed I hate this pool
We had almost 16% on this pool
You know what I like to pool
What's wrong with little ass
What's wrong with a big ass
In fact look how good the beast is doing on there
So what's wrong with a big ass
A big fat pimple ass
It's wrong with these people
But other than that the next to the pool ideas
It's being involved
You know what I mean
That summer schedule is great
Because when you're only on two times a week
It's like an afterthought
Like in the rest of the time like who cares about all this crap
But now you're like involved again
You know
Involved with that sales department and involved with Chris Jones
Yeah
I heard Kenny yesterday talking about pukers
You hear that when he's talking about DJs who are pukers on here
Hey everybody hi
Like what's his name
Like the boost like the boost to this sports
He's a sports puke
Well not all the puke are just rock and roll puke
They're like Rick Sanchez he's a news puke
Oh yeah
Yeah see what I'm saying
Wow there was a little bit of a like that
Yeah
And it's anyway what am I talking about with pukers
Enough with that
Next we want to puke when I think about some of these people
But anyway
Here's the big news today
We are going to take a lot of calls today aren't we?
Oh yeah sure
No I don't know I haven't decided yet
Here's the pool from yesterday before we get into the thing about the stingrays
Although I still would like to have a 68 stingray
There's nothing like a stingray
Not not not they smoothest running machine mod but never less
Who do you believe is responsible for the 9-11 attacks we asked yesterday
On the anniversary of 9-11 and by the way we got through the day and everybody's still alive
Except for those people who croaked overnight
Everybody's still alive and that great
It's wonderful
Who do you believe is responsible for the 9-11 attacks?
Yes 1916 votes wow we had over 1600 during the show
I'd like to say that you're still trying to recover from that
Do you think you got like the flu coming on or something?
No
The cold or something
No it's the pool
It's the pool over 1600 votes during the show
And so I decided to send Josh one news story for each vote that we got
I think that's the way it's going to work from now on
Yeah I noticed
Better watch it
The Bush Cheney crowd 724 responsible for 9-11
That includes the Al-Lia the Penaq people the Neocons the the idiots the lunatics who put the con in Neocon
Al-Qaeda 693 and by the way the thing in Syria this morning in Damascus
Where they tried to take over the US embassy
They say that was an offshoot of Al-Qaeda
I don't know why they keep talking about Al-Qaeda because it's five years later
And I thought that was supposed to be the main objective
You know we're gonna be able to get them
We're gonna smoke about it there a hole
And in the meantime they're uh they're reformed they're reorganizing like the Taliban
Afghanistan is a freaking bloodbed any interest?
No
There's about as much interest about that as there is about the Marlins
16-5
Wasn't that the square job?
Yeah I watched it 16-5 they kicked their ass
And the attendance of the papers is 13,000-7 something which means the real number was about 9 or 10
And then if you take off the two or three thousand mess fans that must have been there
Right?
More than that
No I'll say you take that what do you got?
What do you got left?
What is with you people for Christ sake?
Not that I'm a Marlins fan but Jesus you know build us in a stadium right
Why do you want to build a stadium when nobody cares?
Only people that care are the people who make their livelihood from it
And they're like they've been boring and the other broadcasts
And I use that term loosely
Especially in regard to that rich wall sky
And that kid is so weak
He is to sportscasting what Katie Couric is to the evening news
And by the way she's number three already
She started out you know up there with a nine-shared and she dropped to a seven and then out of a six
And actually it's out of a five-something she's number three behind NBC is back on top as they should be
And Charlie Gibson made up he the greatest because he shakes his head around like an old funny buddy
But he's number two and Katie's number three and dropping like a rock like a like a gigantic stone
Una Spina
So will this be?
Well, never know who's responsible for nine eleven say two hundred and two people
Saudi Arabia one seventy eighths those dandas Saudis man there the oh brother
grave robbers
I have no idea sixty-four I
Hate this pool twenty-eight and Sodom was saying twenty-seven idiots twenty-seven people
You know Bush and Cheney both come on there and even they admit well
You know he had nothing to do with that 11 and so twenty-seven people that's probably just a crankboat. Wouldn't you think?
I'm sure which a wise guy
Twenty-seven said Sodom Hussein responsible for nine eleven
WQ a.m. Hello, hey, good morning Neil. Yes, sir. I just want to say thank you
I've been listening for this this month makes our twenty-a-year together just nice sweet and I
Learned a lot of wrestling sweetheart. Thank you sir. I learned how to spell it down now
Not that I can play the trombone without using my hands. So that's what you oh, thank god, Neil. Sorry stand up straight
Well, he was bending over again. I was just thinking before the show today. I love the beast getting all these votes on the pool
When the beast far its people think it's an earthquake
Remember we supposedly had the earthquake in the Gulf over the weekend right six point
Oh on the Richter scale that number the beast just had a bad bowl of grids
He just had some real bad deli I guess
777 look at that 777
Whoo who has the best ass. So what's wrong with 777 for what well these people
Let's say they hate this pool. I don't think there's anything wrong with this pool
We did it once before we only give him a choice
Way-way way back then about like four or five years ago. Mm-hmm. We give a choice between the J.Lo and Brittany
And J.Lo is still wanted but it was only a two person choice. Well, what kind of a choice is that
Right who has the best ass we got a whole bunch of choices on here. We could add some more some O and we J.Lo are
203 we see that they don't understand we didn't ask we got the biggest ass we said the best ass
No, different don't tell them what question to answer. I'm sorry
You do whatever you like as long as we get a lot of votes and then we Josh has one story for each vote
J.Lo 203 Angelina Jolie 128 how do you know you ever saw her ass did you and yeah
Just what movie was that in Gia you see most of her ass most of her ass
What let me die said that wrong you see her ass the most of any other movie although that's not the only
Erasmus
And if they hate this did mean a lot pull 122 that's 15.7% you that's a very unordinary high number. What do we have yesterday? I hate this pool
Only 1.4% say and the day before I
I hate this pool. Where the hell is it? I guess I didn't put on there did I?
Oh, no, that's anyone on a wife because that's your pool. You never put it on there
Schmuck what I hate this pool. Oh, that's how much that's got to be on there every day. It's got some plants and a
Pository I hate those people well good and they hate you like poison man
I wish that somebody would poison your type of too late. Oh
Let's see who has the best ass the beast 87 big fat pimply. I mean the thought of it makes me nauseous
Mariah Carey 80 Britney 46 Tom Brady 39 he's right on Britney's ass
So fear for garter 2026 Oprah's got 22 now that again's got to be the biggest ass not the best
Can you do it imagine good god Tom cruises god 16 and I'm sure it's had plenty of use
Brady Quinn 11 see they don't know who Brady Quinn is he got my vote though. Hey Brady
Uh, Vita get what Vita getta get two
Who don't leave off here and Jessica Beale's got one. She's got an ass. These are people
Faxing and e-mailing and all that nothing wrong with that we're open for any ass. Say right
The 76 what
We'll take that we that's why we asked you the question the first place 794 they're coming in in chunks now man
The votes are coming in in gigantic chunks that is special
Almost as special as that sales department back there and you know as how christian's not gives it the old and you see that routine you pulled this morning
What the old uh hidden run oh yeah, well he knew we were coming up on showtime
Right and they might not be asking serious questions like who the hell are you kidnman are you kidn somebody
Well, let's do Joe Bell regime man. He is certainly destined to put us over the top. You know, I'm saying over the top
10 stingrays slansons urwin's death. This is one of the this could be the most important story in history
Because I think this shows a lot about human nature
At least 10 stingrays have been slansons crocodile hunter Steve Irwin was killed by one of the fish and official said today
One of the fish is in a stingray of fish. Yes, but it has gills. It's a fish
How about how gill the newbie of a defenseman for the league
Prompting a spokesman for the late tv stars animal charity to urge people not to take revenge on the animals
They didn't do it. They never do it. Yeah
Kill them kill them. Irwin died last week when a stingray bar pierced his chest as he recorded a show off the great barrier reef
Slain stingrays have since been discovered on two beaches in Queensland stayed on Australia's eastern coast
tour discovered today where their tails locked off
Fisheries department official Wayne something said fishermen women
Invertedly catch the diamond shape race sometime cut off their tails to avoid being stung but the practice was uncommon
Stingrays off our cotton fishing nets by mistake and should be returned to the sea something said back to the sea
Michael Hornby the executive director of urwin's wildlife warriors conservation group said he was concerned the razor being
Hunted and killed in retaliation for urwin's death. How do you like that? We're gonna get even with you bastards
It may be some sort of retribution or it may be fear from certain individuals or maybe just yet another cows act toward wildlife
He said he said killing stingrays was not what Steve was all about
No, Steve was about dangling his little kid in front of a crocodile
We're disgusted and disappointed people would take this sort of action to hurt wildlife. He said
Stingrays are usually shy on a crucifix that rummage the sea bottom for food or burwin the sand
But I'm on their own business. But you know when you lay down on top of one gets a little bit bent out of shape and but a bing if you stand to the harbor
Kind of like the abushing administration. It gives the uh stand to the heart
That's why we have so much heartburn so much ajita
1013 to wq. I'm not see what that schedule looks like today
We got same old stuff. We got mad dog two to four the power hour
With sports shower with hankin a mad dog from four to five the hopper again
Well, I tell you he owes me he had a semi a big check for getting him back in there four to seven because he only works like an hour and a half alone
Five to six thirty again. Then he's got that scan going marlin's on deck at six thirty to marlin's look to pulverize the nets again at seven oh five home by the end
In case you're that's our life. Well somebody jumped in the marlin game for Christ. Thanks. What is wrong with you people?
The price
I shall lose my video five sixty eight you a
I'm kid guy
Now there's a different thing even for a bigger thing on the lane
Swallow one to make your hand roll in or eliminate your double chin if you a trouble getting the sleep
Get a first room to be on the spot you'll be truly training not to be
How the bill and then you're done
Now
Find a bomb for a red ring
Make that giant pool. We disappear
Don't work. God just follow one with beer now there is no need to operate
If you're always going over one
Just impolmatch you shrink your breakfast
I'm a killer man. You are done
Now there's a silver red ring
If you find a rash from your last wing
If you're feeling depressed don't you crack ask your doctor to give you from that
If you are not careful have a sex
Don't get more than just another with a bum
After cleaning Dr.
Four months right on the bill and then you're done
Now there's a silver red ring even for allergies and thus spring
If your children are looking for the bill make them better with some lamb
There's a crack a crisp or a teah
Kill if you have quicker than a gun
Side effects made from this nipple
No
How the bill and then you're done
What's the floor?
Going home
Going home
Get your time of first friction
How the bill and then you're done
10.19 at 5.60 W to Q.A.M
Islamic militants attempt to destroy the US Embassy in Damascus today using automatic rifles
Hand grenades and at least one van rig with explosives
For people who killed in the brazen attack including three of these sermons from the brazen attack
Is that as opposed to just an ordinary
pedestrian attack?
Right. This one was brazen
This one was with brazen guns blazen a brazen
Tom Dirkin would say a brazen display of speed in that first quarter
Tom writes all those little two things down
brazen display of speed
Just like Chris Joseph's morning they brazen display of
Like of interest but nevertheless
Hey listen you're happy with that crowd back there. I'm real happy for you
You guys are right. We're well. I don't know what was better before
Well, what was better before was that we actually had some spots on here
That was what was better and we didn't have these 85 units in every brake like we got now
You know, it's the same time amount of time now seems it seems like we're away from like an hour to time
Let's work on that by the way
Thank you be part of the storm with that
Oh boy how about if I give you a couple of names man like Todd Dirk would be one and then of course this
We're the old guard. I beg your pardon was it here before and he's here
So as Brian Schmutz he came back. He's doing a lot of hell of a job. By the way, we find any more information about that account
Which one is we
No, we don't have that many to talk about anymore. You know, we have not gotten any I see
Well, just like that top and o park situation. We had two weeks in a row
They're just kind of like sledding the slide through the cracks
You know what why should we care? Why should we get out our panties in a and a wad our knickers in a thing
US filmmaker Oliver Stone who's surprised many with the patriotic flavor of his new film world trade center
Hitted in Moscow yesterday. It is considering a more controversial follow-up and investigating the conspiracy around 911
The obvious question of that is well, why didn't he start with a puff piece, you know? Why did he start with that? Mm-hmm
Of course at the time that he was making that it wasn't so trendy all these conspiracy theories
I mean they were around but nobody was dignifying them or talking about them as opposed to now
Now that at least a third of the public believes that there was some kind of conspiracy
There's a great story in a movie a conspiracy by a group of people in the American administration
We have an agenda and who used 911 to further that agenda told journalist in Russia
He's a a whole you know he he makes me sick. Why is it that people like him?
I know he I know he did a couple of good movies, but he's just a jerk
mm-hmm
He made a couple good movies. Yeah, well, that's not the point. Yeah, let's jerk right and he's not the person I thought he was
Are you talking about Joe Bell again? No, oh
There could be a fascinating project on one half an after 911 Oliver Stone said it is
Packed press conference on the fifth anniversary of the attacks yesterday
Stone accused US president George W. Bush of Miss handling the fight against Osama Yamama
Against the militants and using the questions to stoke fear and both through his own power at home
In a way that was right out of George Orwell. Always liked that Oliver Stone, you know what?
No, I mean I agree with what he says there, but he's still in a war
I just can't he did he did those movies. I thought that his his politics were what they were supposed to be and
surprise
Well, what does that mean? Well, they may say supposed to be well
You know the politics in JFK. What was the message in JFK? Well, what did it say? What was the message in top radio?
Oh geez, well that's how there was a great value. Was it wasn't that him? I think might have been that was a Oliver
Was Stone he ought to be stoned now what it says in the Bible stone Oliver. I remember what the message was in Alexander
gate
833 votes on the pool. We're gonna have close to that. We're gonna be over 900 by 11 o'clock. I think are we?
We're not gonna match yesterday when we had now
1600 votes on our poll during the show that is shocking
Because even across the street they know that 1600 farce or passes
That's about four times the number of people that they have listening during any average quarter hour. I think
I just made that up but nevertheless they get really upset when I just start making stuff up
Like they might go out of business someday. Well, you know something the way things are going
We might go out of business too, especially with all that sports intensive stuff on a morning show
Kenny, you know, Kenny's a broadcaster. He sounds like a good guy, you know, he's a good guy, but they're killing him
Oh well, when you know when you like clearance have control
Let's see here's the fact that says I'm sure you're thrilled to be back five days away
But why don't mind doing the shows I enjoy doing the shows. I probably shouldn't say that
I don't mind the shows. I just don't the pool thing bother and of course being involved with QAM really just is very disturbing
Because and I don't care what you say you're you're like, you know
You take everything from a personal and of course you're there so you're involved with those people
I can do it more objectively because I'm 1200 miles away. Thank God
But if you're going to try to pedal me a song and advance the things are
And a more rational way now than they were before
I'm going to tell you man that you must be doing more than this smoke at a little gong man. You're you're off your rocker
Okay, you're back on the old acid again
I was thinking of ass
Let's see the fact is I'm sure you're thrilled to be back five days. We please have Kylie and the note to the list
She's a bit of a butter face, but the ass is amazing. Oh, you know, who else we left off in there? Who they know what her ass looks like?
I think Jennifer Conley. Yeah
What we know what her ass looks like well, don't you know like her ass? I love her ass
I love to love her ass. Then that would have said the Bible asses to ashes. That's right. That's the dust. Right
Yeah, I'm gonna have to get that movie out and watch it again. There's just aren't any movies like that anymore
No, I'm not sure I do
Don't forget the word. I already think that because watching stuff on you, you
You
Dike or whatever
Yes, don't forget to issue that warning. Oh, yeah, I'm trying to forget it
Well, you know, I had to my stupidity. I get suckered in. This is not the first time. I was that other one about New Jersey
I don't know this is no. No, always the other one head four stars. That's why I was horrible. What was that? I forget
City no, that wasn't it. No, it was something else. You can't be blamed for watching a bad movie
It was on my cable. I was I was fishing around you're looking for something I might want to watch and
It had four stars in on the bottom you look at these synopsis in the movie the review and then it gives you like how many stars out of four on my cable
Well, this had all four well very very few movies did four stars look we all do that the best you can do is despair
Other it's called mean Creek
You know what if I would if I would have known ahead of time that it was coming on and I would have found that four star thing
I would have come in here looked on IMDb and read the reviews and then I would have insured a watch it
Because most of the reviews again, it's got a 7.3
Which I think
Imaginary heroes also had like a 7.3 out to compare imaginary heroes in this movie is like comparing
Shots up beyond with dog poop. Okay, just if this is crap
Connip yourself isn't bad, but the ending is just yeah, that's why they take the jubbi kid
You know, this is basically deliverance by way of standby me is what they're trying to make
It's about a canoe trip gone bad and
They take the kid out and they're good, you know
And then they're gonna make you they're gonna make him jump into water and take all his clothes and make him walk home
Because
All the you know, that's whether it's football or
It's not a happy and to make a long story short the kid dies. I'm telling you this to ruin the movie soon
Always you time watching it mean Creek and
It's okay. I mean the acting is okay for a bunch of punky ugly kids and
And then the kid dies in a panic what they're gonna do and then it ends
Yeah, the one the one kid he takes his brother's car and is gone and he goes off and holds up a
Convenience store so we didn't get money to go to drive to Mexico and
Then the other kids decide they're gonna turn themselves in because they wound up accidentally killing this kid who grounded it this fat
obnoxious kid kind of reminded me of the beast and
And then that said ends it just ends it's over
You would you would really have a fit. Yeah, you're such a stick around that and you write that you can't complain about the ending of this movie
Because it didn't have one it just goes to black and then here come the credits and like what yeah, I was really I was frosted man
I was pissed off the movie with a bad ending is like a joke without a
Yeah, you know, it's like we ran out of film and now we hope you enjoyed it and you know
You read the reviews on this IMDv I really
Anstas and they bought the only bizarre thing in the movies that the one kid had the and this is supposed to be in some
Backwater town in Oregon and in Northwest, you know, the sure and the one kids got a two
Gate parents. He's got two. He's got daddy and daddy. Okay. Well, how many
Backwater towns in Oregon. Do you think how many kids have got the daddy and daddy or mommy and mommy, huh?
How many a couple? Yeah, like we story
Daddy and daddy my ass
28 past 10 at 560 W
Yeah, don't watch it. Okay. I won't creek man. It sucks
And
Now I know and now and I know what they call it mean
856 votes on a poll by the way we'll get to that thousand piece of cake and then I'm taking off a couple of years
Enough with his crap enough with being involved with that sales department
Hey, if it's time for you to get a new actress if the old one is bumpy and lumpy and not get a good night's sleep
No more do what I've been doing for years don't waste your time and money driving it all
I was betting in departments stores all over town just called the Alamak for his toll free sit there on your ass
Make one easy call it'll be the wisest thing you've done in a long time
Maybe as wise as not watching mean creek call 1 800 macros and get yourself factory direct prices
They're lower than the chain stores even during those so called big sales in addition
Thought a Dalmatris offers you 12 months financing too call 1 800 macros you get the lowest prices on the best brands in the universe
Like Celia and sort of King Coral Simmons never paid against turns and foster he would
The Alamakris continues to be ranked as the half for years now number one in the world and customer satisfaction nobody comes close
First of all they give you 99.7% on time delivery rate just two to date in time you want that new mattress delivered
And they'll show up seven days a week 80 into 10 p.m
You prick the tour window and they are there and of course the price is totally unbeatable
Even the very same day in that you call a violin actress will deliver to you
So make that call right now you can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight and maybe even come to the station and write us a new copy
Dial Matris column toll free 1 800 macros 1 800 MATTR ES leave off the last as because it stands for sales holes
The biggest name
Forced radio 560
For a flying Pacific Air 121
As your captain sit back relax and enjoy the live
One
His gathering again will pray to make an emergency landing
Pardon contain sprawl out of the
and then they were saying, right?
Well, not like in deliverance after they had that encounter
in the woods and after that baiting gets a little bit sore
about it.
And then after that, it's like the cover-up, you know,
and then a whole bunch of stuff in a hospital.
The cat-up game.
Bert Reynolds gives John Boyd a wink, which I'm not sure
where he went by that, and neither was a John.
But, you know, and then there's the unraveling,
they do the new mom, whatever the hell they are friends saying.
Whatever that means.
You know what I'm saying?
Well, too they say it.
But it doesn't happen.
It just doesn't happen.
And one kid takes the gun in the car and he goes off
and robs the convenience store.
He's off headed from Mexico.
And, well, let's see, Kate Hudson, flat out gray-dass.
Don't say flat out gray-dass.
Well, I think they had it right.
Flat, non-ass is right.
But we're pulling her on there just, you know.
Somebody likes Kate Hudson's A-dass.
He can have it.
Whatever the reason.
There's not that much of an ass person anyway.
I wouldn't mind like Brady Quinn giving a pad on me,
assing good job.
And that's acceptable.
See, in the sports world, you can pad a gun.
Now, one guy can pad another guy on the ass,
and it's acceptable.
In fact, it's encouraged a lot.
You know, a flat money ass with a towel in the shower
or a better yet go out there and pad a money ass,
take the ball out of his hand and say,
good job, get on here.
You stink.
You know what I'm saying?
Right, Josh?
I don't know if it's encouraged, but yeah.
It goes on, man.
And, in fact, well, I don't stink.
Guy gets a hit and he goes to first face
and the first face coach, cats him on the ass.
Now, you know that's true.
But, huh?
Now they go.
The hell they don't, it sounds awfully gay.
To me,
you don't tell me that they don't pad each other on the ass.
So they stay here.
You know, the guy, not all again,
is that what it is.
The first face coach doesn't really usually
get the guy a pad on the ass.
So once in a while, I've seen it.
And sometimes he gives the first basement
for the other team of pad on the ass.
Well, it all depends on if it's JT Snow.
I can give him a pad on the ass.
American, look, it's just,
look, I just don't understand this whole sports thing.
And it's like George always says,
I hate to agree with George ever,
but there's so much faggery involved in all this.
And believe me, I know faggery.
Trust me, I'm an expert.
No, no, listen, when you, when you said,
it's just a guess, when I said it's from experience,
I know it.
Okay.
When I see it, when I, I know it, yeah.
I don't think anybody can argue that way.
Okay.
Well, so there you go.
It's the voice of experience.
That's great.
Too much faggery.
Just like football, my God, talk about a faggy sport.
All these guys out there in a mud and muck like Depo used to say,
what are you used to talk about with their tight,
you were in a tight pants squirming around in the mud,
grabbing each other around their other crotch.
What is that?
Well, what is that?
Yeah.
Actually, if I was on the ball, I was in better practice.
I had a better response.
It's, it's a big club you more on.
I forgot about him.
How's he doing, by the way?
I haven't track him that for a long time now.
Let's track down our good friend,
and now go all the way and see if he can cause some more trouble.
For now.
You know, he was, it's just,
there was an episode that kind of like went almost unnoticed,
which is really sad,
because in his own,
his own way, he's a good guy.
He means well.
He's an old-fashioned enemy,
but he's a good guy, basically.
And they did the same thing they did to Larry Flint
without the bullet, you know?
Right.
And the same thing they did to Lenny Bruce,
and the same thing they tried to do to George Carlin.
Well, they succeeded with George Carlin,
they neutered him so that he's basically,
people think he's very funny,
but he doesn't say anything anymore, you know?
He just says a lot of corny routines,
but he's not, not like he used to be.
He's a shadow of what he once was.
Even we discussed that the other day.
The only good thing I've seen him do in a long time,
what was the movie with Matt Damon?
And I can never think of the name of that.
That Damon.
And Van Affleck.
Dogman, dogman.
Dogman.
He, I mean, of course it was only a cameo.
He was only in it for like about a few seconds.
Stop turning the channel.
But it was the priest,
and that was funny,
and I was very good.
But he's right.
Very irreverent, very, very good.
881 votes on the poll.
Who has the best ass?
Jailo 216.
I think all your people are voting on that,
all the Julios.
They're like a big ass.
They don't care what it's attached to.
In fact, I think a lot of these guys,
they would just just take the ass home.
There's nothing wrong with their assets or face that's the,
it sure is.
Now there is something wrong with their assets
about three sizes too big, but other than that.
We'll listen.
If that's what you like, you got it.
She's nauseating.
She makes you love the,
you got's right,
but I think because of her ass.
And I'll tell you one thing,
if she's in a movie, man, you can bet your life.
It's like Ben Affleck.
It's the same thing.
Although, Dario, I think it back.
He wasn't one good movie.
He was also in a movie with,
what's your name with,
oh, geez.
And Nisha Kago about how he had amnesia,
Sandra Bullock.
Sandra Bullock.
Remember that movie?
That was pretty good.
I never saw it.
Oh, you'd like that.
I'm not going to send you any more movies.
It's starting to cost me a lot of money.
Forces of nature.
Is that was added?
Yeah, never saw it.
Well, then how do you know what it's about?
I'm up on these things.
It was pretty interesting.
I like Sandra Bullock anyway.
Yes.
I don't like Ben Affleck.
J.L.O.217,
Angelina Jolie 138,
I hate this poll, 136.
Well, shame on you.
15.3%.
What do you know about S?
You're just jealous because you got an ugly S.
That's the only reason anybody would vote.
I hate this poll, right?
Or maybe they just don't think it's as intellectual
as our poll about,
well, listen,
you know, now that I got these poll ideas
to come up with every day,
we got to like alternate.
We can't keep like heavy duty like,
you know, World War Three every day, right?
You know who those people are?
Let's lighten up a little bit.
Those people that vote that,
those are just the permanently melcontent together.
Yeah, but that's an awful lot.
15.3%.
So are you people, okay?
They're heavily.
Well, there's Anderson Puprabrand.
He nearly got his ass nailed there in Afghanistan.
You see that yesterday?
Speaking of that, I know I missed it.
Oh.
Also, let's go to the Catechomes in Paris.
I saw it on the travel channel last night.
They were running out of land.
So they were instead of wasting all the land
with those cemeteries that they had
all those gigantic cemeteries,
they dug up all the graves and they put,
in the Catechomes, they put all the bones in the skulls.
I'll be right back.
You know, we might have been watching the same thing.
Wow.
That is kind of freaky.
And they, they seem to be close.
Nice and neat.
Yeah.
The beast has got 95.
He has one hell of an ass, man.
There are some states.
I think like Rhode Island isn't quite as big
like the two of us.
But the legend is, primary dean Rhode Island
and a bunch of other places.
Mariah Carey 85, Brittany 49, Mariah Carey.
What is that cemist with her?
She's got a bigger ass than she's got.
Now he does.
He's all ass now.
But he sure got a great voice.
Don't not police.
Brittany 49, Tom Brady 43.
He remains right on Brittany's butt.
So, so, so,
so, Pia burgara 33, Oprah got 26.
Man, oh man, when she farts the universe
like goes out of kilter for a while.
Can you even imagine?
Wow.
Where's that slide?
That's why Tom Cruise was jumping up and down
on the couch.
It'd be a great looking talk.
Jessica Biel 19, Tom Cruise 17,
Vida Guerra 15, Brady Quinn's got a dozen.
And I'd like to see him all.
Jennifer Colley's got three ass to ass.
Kylie Minogue's got three and came out
and doesn't have any.
She's got a flat ass.
Doesn't have any ass.
Well, maybe that's the deal.
Maybe he misunderstood the poll.
Because obviously these people are in the size.
Whether it's ass or whatever else.
I'm not going to go into it.
Don't go into it.
Now, you know what I've said it before.
Don't go into it.
I just don't understand.
I don't.
I don't understand people who are whatever
whatever the appendage might be.
I see.
Yeah.
And they don't care what it's connected to.
No.
I don't understand that.
No.
You don't understand?
I mean, big boobs are nice,
but if it's connected to an ugly person,
then no thank you.
All right.
What Brittany looks like now, for example.
A cow.
A pig.
A disgusting biker.
And let's see.
We ever can answer on an account from a.
So I'm just going to keep asking you
if I know the answer.
You know, no.
Force radio five.
You're doing a kid.
You're the best thing.
Does she Gordon Lydia?
And they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
You love Shakira's Tom Chenier.
And you need to close.
I'm a middog lover.
And you're in my story.
Bitter, no.
That's wrong.
And now you love her new album.
Shakira sings other people's songs.
I love you.
I love you.
Oh, I'm born.
She already made music history by recording her first English
language album.
And now she's taking her art form to the next level.
By re-recording songs that were already in English,
believe it's time there in English.
But yes.
I'm not so bad.
That means better.
Shakira sings other people's hits.
You know, girl.
You can't have that more of my deep Shakira's.
She's all the people I love.
Oh, boy, no, I didn't have faith in you.
I'm a bad girl.
If you really, really like Shakira's CD laundry service,
then you'll really, really, really like her new CD.
Shakira sings other people's hits.
No denimals in this venue or in this those momentals.
He kicks serious ass Shakira and somebody
says to her runner, okay?
He says to her runner.
And he also, at the end of his facts,
little comments.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Now we both screwed up real bad on that Sandra Bullock.
First of all, Van Affler wasn't in that movie.
He wasn't in that movie with her, but that wasn't the one.
Oh, okay.
No, it was who was the guy that why you were sleeping?
Oh, never heard of it.
Did you see that?
Bill Pullman?
No.
Well, that's what I was talking about.
Okay.
Ticket collecting romantic pretends to be engaged
to the unconscious man but can't fool his brother.
Sorry.
It's cute.
Never heard of it.
You didn't hear of it?
What's it called again?
It's called the why you were sleeping?
Never heard of it.
It's got six point four out of 10,
which doesn't come close to the 7.3 mean creek.
It's an IMDB.
Jack Wardenson, he just croaked.
Peter Boyle is in it.
Peter Gallagher.
Peter O'Toole.
No, he's not in.
Peter Pauke.
They evaluate it.
It's pretty good.
I'm saying God, Van Affler is in it.
See, I made a mistake.
Although he wasn't in some way with her,
which I can't think of what it was,
and I don't want to know.
Unless I hear about him, the better.
I even Googled him and guess what?
Guess what?
He's working on for 2007.
The Van Affler, like, Maktaman Project,
they're working on it together.
All good.
And the movie too.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
I don't know.
I mean, there's some people, it's just,
what's the point, you know,
not that it makes any difference.
It wasn't one.
I just get so tired of people trying to pull the wool
over my eyes my whole life, you know.
Right, Tommy?
You're fairie.
Not our Tommy, I'm talking about Tommy Cruz.
You see Tommy Cruz at the game, you understand?
No, I did not.
Did it vote the Marlignan?
No, he was at the Redskins game.
Oh, the football game.
No, I watched, yeah, how many seconds did that I watched?
I watched.
Oh!
I turned it on to see who was on Monday Night Football
and I saw Sandy Eagle and Washington.
And I turned it off in media.
I thought, what a dream matchup that is,
if you like, big on nightmares.
And of course, I think it was a score, 28 zip.
Yeah.
Sandy, or the charges is mocked up the field with them.
And the Redskins suck.
So Tommy Cruz was there, huh?
Well, now Sandy Eagle beat Oakland.
This was the Redskins, Minnesota.
When it was that, there were two games last night.
There were two Monday Night games.
Yeah, it was a double header.
Sandy Eagle beat, who the hell did they play?
Oakland.
Oh, that's Red Oakland.
Well, name us, Chuck.
Tell us the lake game.
Oh, brother.
Like Tommy Cruz was in DC, you know,
make a little appearance at the football game.
AC or DC?
DC.
That's what they say.
You're fairly.
Anyway, isn't that great?
I wonder if he got to shower with the guys after the game,
you think?
Maybe he had Kaden there.
What's your Kady in there after the game?
She was there.
She was there.
Oh, yeah.
How about Baby Surrey?
Was Baby Surrey with a friend John's out there too?
Yeah, good.
Executives with American Airlines say they're outraged
at the depiction of the airline
in the ABC mini series, The Path to Night 11.
Airlines spokesman Roger Frizzel, say yesterday,
that the mini series falsely portrays an American gate
agent at Boston's Logan Airport,
allowing a terrorist onto a flight despite a warning
that he might have been a threat.
It's important for the public to know
that the ABC dramatization is inaccurate and irresponsible
in its portrayal of the airport check in events
that occurred on the mornings of September 11,
Frizzel said.
What if he's keen to lefty Frizzel?
Hope.
I don't know.
There was a one-day country guy named Lefty Frizzel.
I'll let you know.
Oh, come on.
You better brush up on your country music, man.
They just had the country music awards.
Who won it?
I don't know.
The flights operated by Fort Worth-based American
and the airlines were hijacked in the attacks
on the audience.
ABC officials did not respond to calls or emails requesting
comment A on their concerns yesterday.
Frizzel said American has alerted ABC
to its concerns, but also has had no response.
People are pissed off and fired up.
The only good news, of course, is that nobody watched it.
It had very mediocre ratings and anybody with a brain
didn't watch it.
And the only people who did watch it probably
were that 33% who continue kissing Bush's ass,
speaking of ass.
If we're going to ask the question,
who is the biggest ass, well, there's no question
he'd win that hands down, but that's not the question.
Who has the best ass?
And look at that, Fort Brady Quinn's only got 13,
but that number was good enough for Dan Marino.
It must be good enough for Brady.
Tom Brady's got 43.
That makes me really wonder about you people, you know?
Then I make you wonder about some of this crowd.
I don't really wonder about them at all.
Well, no, I put something on there for everybody.
You know, some people have a place to go.
I hate this poll, by the way, is 15%.
Really pisses me off.
And second place right on Jalos ass.
But that Tom Brady, having all those votes,
everything's just some of those are from guys.
I'll bet.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Yeah.
One in five Canadians speaking of gay believes
that the attacks on the US and 9-11 had nothing to do
with those some of it.
And we're actually a plot by influential Americans
according to a new poll released yesterday.
How do you like that, A?
Uh-huh.
The Ipsos read poll found that 22% of Canadians
and 26% of young Canadians agree with a conspiracy theory.
The number was the highest at 32% in Quebec,
which is only the least support for the US War on Terror.
That war on Terror.
I had an article about that before.
You know, you do the little thing, right?
You can't have a war on Terror, okay?
And there isn't one.
And there isn't one.
No, of course not.
But it's just another one that was catchy buzzwords
or cliches, you know, part of the series of talking points.
See, life in America is windled down to talking points.
That's what it's all about.
There are no more political campaigns based on any issues.
It's all just been reduced to talking points.
My ass.
The poll lasted the events of 9-11,
including the thousands of American citizens
who lost their lives in that they were actually orchestrated
by a group of highly influential Americans and others
as part of a wider global conspiracy
to profit from and gain power
and were actually protecting
or some have been lawdened from being captured.
Oh, what a concept.
Conspiracy theories are popular as we all know,
as Ipsos, Pulse, or Paul Orovan.
66% of the actions were carried out by
having laws and disciples as an attack on the West
and as part of the global war of terror
against Western and affluent democracies.
12% said neither are refused to answer
because they value their lives.
They're afraid that their votes will be traced
and there'll be a knock on their door
three o'clock in the morning
and it won't be as severe as far as in his bathroom either.
Well, we sure miss him, knowing.
Yeah, Royo, those were the...
Whatever happened to the good old days
when we had Joe Gerstin,
where the hell's Joe Gerstin?
I saw thing in the hero of the other day.
I would have ever happened to Joe Gerstin.
They still haven't found him.
He's an Australia.
Have it a good time.
In fact, maybe he was the one who stuck that thing
through Steve Irwin's heart.
Crockie.
Yeah, a lawyer pissed me off.
He was always a little cranky.
Cracky?
Yeah, that too.
Joe Gerstin.
945 votes, man.
We'll slide into that thousand now.
Now that we're back on this full-time schedule,
is it you think that has anything to do with it?
No.
Kate Husser doesn't have any votes by the way.
Ha ha ha.
Because she doesn't have any yet.
Because she has no ass.
That would be like saying Kate Moss.
Yeah.
Karen Harper.
You do.
But Kate Martin won the bigger ass than Kate Hudson.
I mean, the racer on a pencil is bigger than her ass.
911 themed ad to tell Americans life depends on their vote.
Oh, here's the new campaign.
They're doing two things.
They're shmuring the Democratic candidates.
They're spending $45 million to do that, the right fingers.
And a new ad being placed in key markets
by a new con think tank.
We'll tell Americans that their lives literally depend
on their votes in the upcoming midterm election.
If you vote Republican, you'll be alive.
If you don't Democrat, you're dead.
That's basically what it boils down to.
I'm going to tell you right now, no matter what you vote for,
you will be eventually dead.
Oh no.
In fact, go to the catacombs and take a look at all those.
See, when you look at the bones and the skulls,
animation wonder about, well, thank God the souls escaped
and they went up to have some right.
Or somebody's what the hell.
So the rest of the body and looking too good, no mole, you know?
Over images of the 2001 attack on the World Trade Center,
not that they would politicize that, of course.
An off-caminarator will tell voters in New York,
Pennsylvania, Ohio, Missouri, Virginia, and Vermont
that the world is a dangerous place.
Islamic terrorists, take us for who we are
and what we stand for.
The Center for Security Policy and Organization
linked to a number of well-known neo-cons,
produced the ad.
There were claims to be nonpartisan in the center.
Hey, thanks.
I like the ABC mini-series, it's nonpartisan.
Centres around the White Leaves Republican cut
and run talking point.
Oh, there we are again with those freaking talking points.
The 60-second spot argues that an exit from our rack
would be seen as the sign of weakness by America's enemies.
Anti-American statements from a variety of Muslims
and Middle East and countries also are displayed on screen
as the narrator continues.
The next time someone suggests America should cut
and run from the war on terror, ask them run to where.
I noticed that the Bushmeister yesterday
in one of his 85 speeches was talking about the Middle Eastern,
terror from the Middle East.
See, this goes back again to this whole neo-container
reshaping the Middle East.
Taking over and invading, occupying,
hooking up the American shield, oil field,
all these things, you know, just the latest crusade.
Which ties right in, by the way,
I never got to it yesterday,
which I never got to a lot of stuff.
See, that's a good data.
And keep my pile going all week long now.
It's an ongoing pile, it's a little bit.
Where's that thing about the Coca-Cola factory?
They just opened up an Afghanistan.
They just had a gigantic plant.
This is one of the few plants
that wasn't involved with the opium tree.
Let's see, where the hell is it?
Oh, here it is.
$25 million Coca-Cola plant opened in Afghanistan.
Let's hear it.
Things go better with opium.
I mean, with an eye-poppy, with Coke,
President Hamid Karzai, that Unicael's stooge,
formerly opened a $25 million Coca-Cola botling plant.
One of the most significant investments in Afghanistan,
since the supposed announcing of the Taliban five years ago,
but our good friends, the Panky,
just made a pact with the Taliban.
And they said, hey, you do whatever the hell you want.
We like you guys.
And come right down here in the Pakistan,
and hang up, because we can't tell which one
has the Tony.
Karzai said it was an endorsement of the government's effort
to push ahead with reconstruction of the world's Amos country.
The plant had its first products,
which will compete with imports from Pakistan and Iran
on the streets of the capital in January.
Pakistan, Iran, and Kabul, things go better with Coke and opium.
The biggest name of the best talent like this is Neil Rogers
for 20560.
This is the Neil Rogers Show.
This is your claim.
No, no, no, no, no.
Any questions?
On the streets of heavily Jewish Miami Beach,
landscape became an elder statesman, a living legend.
The most piers, views in the world that Miami Beach
were the holiest people to whom God has ever seen,
even God wasn't close to my alliance.
So as they saw my alliance,
if we get above God,
the Jewish God, they used to wake you up and follow him,
look at it.
If you walk down the street,
they would talk about how slow he walked out first.
Then he'd have a dog, a cow, a host,
and he'd say, don't get up.
What type ones?
I'm wearing this little deli down in Miami Beach.
And these two young boys came up with Yamaha Kazan
and they were kind of looking at my grandpa,
and I was kind of standing on the background.
And they came up with some Mr. Lansky,
we'd like to get your autograph.
And he kind of looks out of serious way,
and then I went grab him, he goes,
what did I do?
He won a Academy Award.
And so, well, we figured it'd be worse
from money, Mr. Lansky, and he said,
no, son, I don't sign out of graphs.
Oh, never peace, and you get it, really.
There's a conflict in the Middle East,
and it's not very sorry to be a son.
World War III.
I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man.
I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man.
I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man.
There's Hell instead of this,
there's a conflict in the Middle East,
and it's not very sorry to be a son.
World War III.
I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man.
Hell and East, there's Hell instead of this,
there's a conflict,OURAIT.
Hell and East, there's Hell with East,
Look at that CNN's Nick Robertson visits a religious school in Pakistan. Look at it. Are you watching this?
No.
The madrasas and they got all these kids with a schmacht is under it and they're doveting man. They're rocking back and forth with a corvette.
The same crap is still going on. Blow up Pakistan baby now.
No, no, no, no, no. There's thousands of refugees. There's millions. There's millions. There's thousands of refugees. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There's millions. There
He says he met Osama bin Laden, who describes himself as being ideologically close to the world's most wanted terrorist. In fact, he says G-Hat war with oneself and one's enemies, a holy war, is part of the Quran. So he must teach it. We have been asked by the Garb in Mankind. You should stop teaching the Chepgarh Jihad. So we tell them that we can't stop it because we cannot make any amendment in Islam.
Right. Let's hear it for our good buddies, the packing. People can't understand why these kids are so fanatic that they're willing to blow themselves up for G-Hat. They seem to be packing the lid. Not to mention, of course, those seven virgins. I wonder if all those people in the catacombs, I wonder if they got their seven virgins before they went off to their just reward, whether they were French, or before they got their just French desserts. You're going to be so excited when you hear why I just discovered an article from today.
The pen for the say, right, yes, Doug Thompson, Capitol Hill, he must be writing from a bunker somewhere. He's in the catacombs. Because man, he thought the one yesterday was heavy duty way to hear this. The face of a madman. He says one only needed to look into the angry out of control face of George W. Bush during an interview broadcast on NBC Monday to realize the president of the United States is a madman.
Bush lost his cool with all people, Matt Lauer of NBC's today show. If Bush can't handle himself with a Pavlon-producing journalist they want to be like Lauer, how do we expect him to protect this nation in times of crisis?
Vains bolded in Bush's face, anger flashed through eyes that darted from side to side. This was not a man in control. You normally find full transcripts of Bush's interviews on the White House website, but the transcript of this one taped Friday is conveniently missing.
I'm sure somebody in the White House and the West Wing sent down the order don't put anything about the Lauer interview in the White House. Jesus Christ, the president comes off like a crazy man. Maybe Bush comes off like a crazy man because that's exactly what he is. Here's a partial transcript courtesy of the Crook's and Liars website.
Lauer, and yet you admitted that these were there were CIA secret facilities. Okay, Bush, so what? Why is that now within the law? Lauer, the head of the Embassy International, says secret sites are against international law.
Bush, well we just disagree with them. Plus my job is to protect you and most American people have I said to them that we had who we think is the mastermind of 9-11 they would say why don't you see if you can't get information without torturing him which is what we did. Lauer, I don't want to let this within the law issues slip through. I mean in fact there was waterboarding used with Colleague, Muhammad, and for the viewers that's basically when you strap someone to a board and you make them feel as if they're going to drown by putting them underwater as if that was legal in with the law. Why can't you do it in Guantanamo? Why did you have to go to a secret location?
I'm not going to talk about techniques and I'm not explaining to the enemy what we're doing. All I'm telling you is that you've asked me whether or not we're doing things to protect American people and I want to know where we are doing so.
Those of us who have watched Bush over the years already know he was an arrogant SOB. We've also seen increasing evidence that questions his mental stability. Now he puts about the country trying one more time to sell his failed Iraq war and make political hay out of the 9-11 attacks the nation gets more and more chances to look into the eyes of a madman.
Dr. Justin Frank, the prominent George Washington Psychiatrist who wrote that book Bush on the couch inside the mind of the present, has cast a professional eye on W for years. He doesn't like what is clinical and analytical mind finds.
With every passing week Bush marches deeper and deeper into a world of his own making, Frank says, Bush when cornered is a dangerous fighter, he makes choices that are not good for the country, they're good for him and for rubbing our noses in his Schmidt.
We saw some of that in the Matt Lauer interview, Bush got in Lauer's face jamming his finger at the reporter shaking with rage.
Dr. Frank longer go concluded that Bush is a paranoid megalomaniac, a despot out of touch with reality, he writes,
psychoanalytic theory suggests that Bush's true enemy is an aspect of himself, the overwhelming anxiety he works so hard to manage.
For Bush lying remains a central defense mechanism in managing his fears, he lies foremost to himself, offering his perception of external or internal reality to fulfill his psychic need to maintain order, his anxiety is so great that he can't shift his thinking to account for new information.
In other words, a madman will somebody please call the guys in the white jackets to hold his lunatic off to the place with the padded room before he destroys us and the rest of the world.
How do you like that?
And you wonder why they want him off the internet?
Yeah, they want him off the planet, they go Doug, huh? They want him off the planet.
They want him on Uranus, maybe that's why they took Pluto out of the solar system, they declassified it, kind of makes this feel like Uranus is a little closer.
Speaking of Uranus, I'm going to tie it in with our pool, see how we're doing, 974 man, just a matter of moments before we cross that thousand threshold.
One is a Maliki from Iraq, he's over there in Iran shaking hands and kissy kissy with off my dinner time, not great.
If you want to know why birds of a feather kissy kissy together. 979 votes, I mean they're fanatical, allunites is what they are, okay?
They're crazy people.
And of course we went and they were in butchered a lot of people and put crazy people in charge, that makes sense to me, right?
Sure.
Who has the best ass, maybe off my dinner time belongs on the pool?
JLo 229, I hate this pool 145, 14.8%, at least we got it under 15%.
See now that I said that, now they'll all jump on it as if I cared, we cared? No.
By the way, how's the information coming on at the counter asked about?
Yeah.
Angelina Jolie 143, well if it's supposed to be on the log today which I believe then the probably, you know, time's a waste of it, but it probably isn't.
Because that's Brian Schmutz, has he done a hell of a job since he came back? My God.
He has really, I mean you talk about spectaculars.
Sales people are ice holes.
Angelina Jolie 143 for the best ass, the beast 102, he is really getting the true recognition he deserves for that ass.
Mariah Carey 89, Brittany 52, Tom Brady is still right on Brittany's butt, 44.
Sofia Vergara 35, Vida Gara 31, what about Randy Gira?
Who?
He used to play for his base for the Hurricanes.
Jessica Biel 28, Oprah 28, Tommy Cruz 17, he's right under Oprah.
Brady Quinn 13, he's right under Tommy, and boy he's not too happy about it.
Shakira, she just went on there and she's zooming up the list, she's got a little girl.
We hate you if you don't like Shakira, we just fight.
We're going to come to your house and kill your kids.
Jennifer Connelly 6, Connie Minogue 6, and Kate Hudson for some strange reasons got the big none.
Although I hear her ass really is.
Rock solids, speaking of the big O.
Did I promote this award winning line up?
I guess I did.
Well now that we're getting into the swing of it now, we can just get some of the sports off of that morning show.
Some biggest name in the world.
That's now, that's the biggest, Biel Rogers sports.
Stensha Palmon or Hubbers over this performance by the Dalton.
Absolutely.
You know what the planet now is just a sport.
And I thought the system sure ain't the same no more.
We got a thousand more, got a four.
The planet will find the things to be nine they had at night.
And Kate Hudson got two balls and one now they're seeing the chairs that time in follow by.
Welcome.
Those scientists have told me this and put you down.
They're seeing the new dough chairs completed.
We don't need not plan it.
You need to go.
Believe it out.
Whoa!
When you were a planet, you were a star.
You never know they don't know what you are.
But you know.
Whoa!
Don't know why you are so hidden.
So the man's now dating the chosen people.
You know.
Whoa!
You know.
Guess who's suing those scientists?
They group the scientists that decided to take food out of the solar system?
I don't know.
Mickey Mouse?
Oh, it's nerve.
Oh, it's close.
It's big and a Mickey Mouse by a whole.
I sure hope that everybody boycats Disney.
And he will see.
Until I'm the drop dead.
Somebody says let's see Brian and Coak and a Creek.
How about Jessica Alba for the ass pool?
Over there.
That's like an apple.
A lot of people wouldn't mind seeing her and Jennifer Conley asked to ask.
Or maybe her and Tom Brady asked to ask.
Or maybe she could be one of the Brady's bunch.
Wait till you hear this.
You'll love this man.
You know Dick Cheney that was on air talking with Tim Racer on Sunday with his usual line.
Line through his teeth.
Vice President Dick Cheney will be attending a fundraiser for Representative Randy Cool,
Republican New York in late September.
The Vice President and Cool have each heard the measure of infamy, for instance involving firearm.
Cheney of course accidentally shot his hunting partner Harry Wittington in the face earlier this year.
A lot of corn to divorce records obtained by a raw story.
Cool ones bullied his wife with shotgun.
The San Francisco Chronicle noted in a 2004 article that Cool had passed run-ins with the law,
including a rest in 1997 for drunken driving.
Cool's license was suspended for six months.
Cool filed for divorce.
Cool's wife filed for divorce in late 1998, charging that Cool endangered her mental and physical well-being
and rendered an unsafe and improper for the parties to continue to reside together.
After Cool was arrested in 1997 for drunken driving, he refused his wife's request to attend counseling to deal with his
excessive consumption of alcoholic beverages.
As a result of that, a rest Cool had his driver's license suspended for six months,
launched his congressional campaign bid by publicly discussing the arrest.
Cool is considered a vulnerable and company midterm election.
Says if you'll recall, widely reported divorce records showed that Cool currently running for a second term pulled not one,
but two shotguns in his life during a 1994 dinner party at their home must have been a hell of a party.
Cool's ex-wife also described him as an abusive drunk who hustled women.
Cheney, the man who may always be remembered for accidentally shooting his good friend on a hunting trip,
has agreed to do a private photo op at a September 22 fundraiser for Cool in Rochester right across the lake.
As one Democratic operative said,
that I can't tell what Cheney likes best about him. Cool's pension for rubber stamping the president or for combining beer with firearm use.
How do you like that?
That's Cheney's kind of guy, if he asked me. Sounds like it's right up his alley.
But there's how many cars I have.
The Sam Paz would democratically like to government.
Wow. Well, what's that new thing on his trip? And look at that.
He's sticking straight up in the air to tassel.
No, that's the same old stuff.
I'm old, though.
Standing straight up in the air.
Mike Whitney writes, I wonder if he's kind of my good buddy Ray Whitney, I doubt it.
By the way, you can put my name on the cuff next to yours Ray and the Stanley Cup too.
Mike Whitney writes, he says, if you like this 9-11, you'll love the next.
Uh-oh.
This is on the smircling chimp.
And by the way, great new format on the smirking chimp.
It makes it so much easier for us to use all our, I mean, to read their articles, right?
Right.
Josh ain't too happy about it because it means that because they keep putting new stuff on there all throughout the day.
And I'm on top of it man, like stink on Greg, stink on Joyce.
And that means that Josh has got all these, he's not too happy about it.
He told me before the show, he said, if I don't cut the crap, he's going to start like you're getting revolting.
That's right.
Anybody who likes very bonds as much as you do is already revolting, got a good head start.
I don't like it.
First, there's Anderson's poop, I sure hope they don't get him in the, uh,
rectum end in Afghanistan.
Chris wouldn't be the first time.
2015 votes to a large extent to war on terror as a shabby promotional scheme designed to mobilize the nation for a permanent state of war while curtailing civil liberties.
I would say that is absolutely correct.
There's nothing original in this analysis, but it does explain the importance of media as a vehicle for Bush's public relations campaign.
It also explains why high ranking officials in the administration are still provided unlimited air time to reiterate the same blanned bromides over.
And over again, without being challenged to commemorate the fifth year anniversary of 9-11, the political talk show is of again given Cheney,
Rice and Bush and open form to make their claim that America is safer and that we are winning the war on terror.
Cheney even went so far as to say we've done a hell of a job here at home on Homeland Security.
I don't know how you can explain five years of no attacks, five years of successful disruption of attacks, five years of defeating the efforts about
the South China-China.
In Cheney's mind, the government is performing its task satisfactorily if he can say, what are you complaining about? You're still alive, aren't you?
This is a fair indication of how far the bar has been lowered for government accountability since Bush took orifice.
Kind of leases performance on CNN was grimmer than Cheney's, rice repeated the absurd claim that the U.S. might yet uncover evidence of links between South and Al Qaeda.
The word ties between Iraq and Al Qaeda, if you say it. Don't confuse her with the facts.
The fact that government officials lie is hardly shocking or newsworthy, what is surprising, however, is the complicity of the media in propagating those deceptions with that argument.
As Robert Fisk noted some time ago, the news should actually be called high-ranking government officials said since the news exclusively reflects the warm-angering business-friendly perspective of government.
This phenomenon has gotten steadily worsened since the attacks of 9-11. In fact, the war on terror is the greatest PR campaign of all time involving all the major media which continued to quote these same-tired themes odd nauseam.
There is virtually no refuge in the corporate media for nearly 40% of the public who don't accept the official version of 9-11 or for the 63% of Americans who no longer believe the war in Iraq was worth it or for the vast number of people who don't believe we are safer.
Their views are simply dismissed as irrelevant since they don't advance the objectives of ownership in the state.
This open conspiracy of controlled media seems much more interesting to me than many of the anomalies surrounding the attacks of 9-11.
At the very least, there's a concerted effort by corporate digwigs and Western elites to manage public perceptions of an increasingly sophisticated disinformation campaign.
Romsdall appears to be way out front of his colleagues in this regard by targeting the Internet, chat rooms, blogs, liberal journalists, and Arab media.
The central part of the present campaign is now and will continue to be the war on terror that Threadbare PR scam which justifies America's global resource war.
9-11 is the unifying myth that animates the war on terror and without that point of reference the whole project would quickly unravel.
Yesterday's anniversary of 9-11 promised to be another futile attempt to re-nig the public to re-engage the public and try to show up with support.
What was that word again? Re-engage.
Bush can be expected to invoke the same-stay-alimaging of dusty firemen and smoldering buildings while the vag pipes wail in the distance.
The nation was again dumped into a bottomless pool of grief in the vain hope that their freedoms would reinfigure way to war effort. It didn't work.
The American people are tied of a rack, tied of Bush, tied of the war on terror.
It'll take more than Bush's spain patriotism or David Horowitz's revisionist rehash in the past 9-11 to energize the war on terror.
Even the best propaganda campaign has its limits.
The only way to get the public back on board is with a massive casualty producing event in the US and don't think they haven't thought about that of Washington yet.
I love that.
Yeah, I don't think.
Uh-oh.
Where I drive fire threatens nearby historic buildings in WFA is that in Dallas? Where is that?
Are they sure they give you a little shmir on that for a second now they go off to some other crab?
But genius.
Where the hell was that? Isn't WFA in Dallas?
I don't know.
Well, there you go. Much of buildings on fire. Probably trying to cover up that chemical assassination again.
The biggest name. So best talents for the basis.
We are Roger.
Sports radio 560.
We are...
Where are exploding balls?
I'm hot for a lady.
She comes into this and really drives me.
Because she puts that big brown truck in here. Makes me smile when she says sign here.
I hope that girl don't come today. I hope that's a new driver.
Hey man.
I don't understand what you see in that job.
You girls think that he's so fine.
I tell you what, I let him hit it. That's one check job. One deliver.
I did the perfect for having a chance to find out what's in those high-round pants.
You feel this burn. I see 50s by. My bad to see.
You expect you let me drive.
You can't fly. You are too high.
I know what I'm up for. You should overnight.
You feel your stress. You search for things.
I want to find out what's wrong with you for me.
You feel fine. You fall in love.
You're never dead. No more.
What can Brownie do for you, man?
Right, don't.
1132-56-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-192-
life of my kids and I like so that everything i'll do life for my kids and I've got to
Well, speaking of hockey, any interest in the Panthers?
Oh, this isn't about the Panthers, but it's a hockey story.
It just came in.
I'm sure that somebody out there is from the Toronto Star.
You know, those Canadians, man, two upsets with a hockey,
hockey, hockey, put a hockey in the China with a hockey already.
Would you please?
To the party after the fight.
Twenty-nine seconds have been to investigate piloting
the damage.
Great survival.
Well, we don't care.
Do we care?
Sam Rosenkeer's.
The New York Islanders have agreed to an unprecedented
$67.5 million dollar 15-year contract for Goldtendor Rick D. Pietro,
who looks pretty good to me, by the way.
Pietro will earn $4.5 million annually.
The Islanders have a news conference for later today.
$4.5 million for 15 years.
$67.5 million for this punk.
The owner of the team, Charlie Wang, is trying to show these committed to a building project
and D. Pietro showed these committed to the team wants to be on Long Island.
Now, they're going to have to build a building first.
They're playing like a toilet.
The Islanders.
Even you wouldn't go to those games, wouldn't you?
Josh.
No, I'm not talking to Josh.
Oh, Josh don't go to an old hockey.
Although he's going to be going to some Panther games this year.
Yeah, I'll go to a few.
We love the Panther.
Is they really soccer?
Anyway, let's take a look at the pool.
We got 1,044 votes.
Nothing like that.
Fantastic.
We had yesterday on 9-11.
But then again, that's hopefully a once in a lifetime kind of thing, right?
Right.
And the response on the pool, too, because it was an emotional, a knee-jerk response.
They don't care about that article.
I was pushing and they don't care about that one.
From Saturday, from 9-9.
No.
And if I, here it is.
Even though we put it right on top, discover the secret right-wing network behind ABC's
and I love it.
Except only 304 reads.
That should have 3,000 reads on our website.
304, now if we could see if you would have been a little more clever, Josh, and put the
F-word or the SH-word in there, it would have had 3,000 reads.
That's right.
You just give me the green light.
I'll do that to every story.
Yeah, you want, hey, Eric, you want to get a lot more action on the
our website.
All you got to do is put the F-word or something like that or put some body part in the
title of the story.
Man, they'll be out of it like this.
I think I enjoy it everywhere where it says Bush just preceded with F-ing.
Right, well, we already do that.
You send the story, I'll make up my own titles.
Oh, a 1051 votes.
And I read this or not.
J-L-O-234 best ass.
I hate this poll.
14% 148.
We'll make it a little progress.
Angelina Jolie 147.
The beast 102.
Mariah Carey 90.
She is scary.
Britney 54.
Tom Brady 46.
We can't seem to separate those two.
Maybe he's the father for baby.
Well, sure it was a little hell of a lot better than if K-fed was.
Oh, my God.
Who's your daddy K-fed?
Yeah.
Sophia Vergara 37.
Jessica Beale 33.
I wonder if Jessica is kind of, you know, who?
I'm a man of hell.
I don't think I think this anymore.
Poor Bill.
Now I would only like her more than that.
Well, he's connected to the universe and the birds.
Oprah 29.
Shakira is zooming up the list 27 and deservedly so.
Well, I'm going to tell you right now if anybody don't like Shakira, they've got to be gay.
And even I like her.
And her ass is dangerous.
She's got to have a permit for it.
How much can I attain this?
You got a dangerous ass.
She's Canadian.
I know.
It's adequate.
We have a poster.
And Anderson's Canadian too.
And she's named her the scary part of her.
Yeah.
And is anything that touches her right?
I know.
Shakira 27.
Tom Cruise 18.
Brady Quinn's about 14.
Jennifer Conley 10.
How come we don't see her anymore?
Her or Jared Leader?
I know he's got the band.
I don't want to hear about his band.
Turing.
Turing with the band.
Right.
But what about movies, man?
Requiem was great as it was.
And what is he done since then?
I don't know.
I am well-ended.
And that's why I bring it up because you're a light-jury leader a lot.
And Jennifer Conley, what's not to like?
And Sarah Goldfarb, she's still in rehab.
Jessica Alba's got nine.
Kylie Minotas got seven.
And if Kate Hudson's got six, all right.
As we try to get Kate off the bottom.
She's only got six out of a 1061 vote.
And I feel there's just a lot of pressure with all this.
Oh, and by the way, did I, I don't know what happened to it.
I email you sometimes stories that have like pictures in them.
And they just disappear and nothing ever happens with them.
What about the debate with both Blitzkrieg?
Oh, yeah, I watched it.
I got fooled by the title that I thought he was really going to get bitch left.
What do you mean by that?
What's that?
I mean, literally.
Blitzkrieg gets bitch left.
Oh, no, verbally, intellectually, but not literally.
I know.
I would pay to see that.
I watched it.
But wasn't that a real good fly-opener there about where the hell he's coming from?
Anybody who thinks they're going to get any objective news from Blitzkrieg there?
The numerous, who knows, Zionist in the universe on CNN, your dream and baby.
He's either, he's hiding, he's hiding his halivine.
Right.
That's what I'm hearing.
See, if you said it, it would be considered anti-Semitic.
It's a semantic, but an old Jew like me, I can say it.
He is nauseated.
Why, let's see.
Wolf Blitzkrieg is CNN's teleheaveroid.
No, this is from the Queer Arabs blog.
Rantings of angry, sarcastic, bitchy Queer Arab Americans.
They have to find this.
That's great.
Please share it.
Frequently.
At any rate.
This was from this past.
And now from Sunday, August 20th, Wolf Blitzkrieg is CNN's teleheaveroes.
It says, watching the late edition with Wolf Blitzkrieg is the equivalent of watching a
Neocon Zionist propaganda hour.
While many other reporters and personalities at CNN, like Larry King and Anderson Pooper,
they were making a sense of objectivity and fair reporting.
Blitzkrieg has pretty much turned over his show to the Israeli and their Neocon buddies.
That shouldn't come as a surprise when one recalls that Blitzkrieg used to live in Jerusalem
and were Fiddy Jerusalem post.
Got his job at CNN after intense pressure from pro-Israeli groups in the US who actually believed that the network was not too friendly to the Judeo-fascist state,
just for reporting the truth go figure.
Hopefully the powers that be at CNN will inject some balance on that show before we start confusing CNN with that other fair and balanced network.
How do you like that from the Queer Arabs blog?
How do you like that?
You're fairing.
Don't watch your mean creep by the way and of course because I said it a bunch of people will go out and buy it and send us the money instead.
We'll just tell you about it how it stinks and sucks.
Great idea.
And like I said, you can't complain about the ending because there isn't any.
It's kind of like the sports insanity on this radio station.
It never ends.
The biggest thing.
How does that become a communist?
How does that become?
Where's the new world?
Radio 560.
You hope.
Amen.
The packies.
They're the ones that put them in Afghanistan so they have buddies running the other neighborhood of the North.
It's a very less.
1130.
Let's see, 1130 was at the KMOX now.
I always get those confused.
I have to get to 1100 I get very confused.
W-H-O-N-D-1 Iowa.
You better start learning your 50,000 watch radio stations back when we were going on radio.
The answer is one on it.
She's already got a pair.
And most guys want to see him.
I don't.
Who has the best ass?
J-L-O-2-39.
I hate this pull back up to 14% 159.
V-C has got 106.
I'm just skipping around.
Tom Brady 48.
He's got Vita Gatta beat.
She's only got 45.
Shakira is zooming up the list.
40.
You go girl.
You start it again.
Tom Cruise 19.
Brady Quinn 14.
Oh, I got news for you.
Well, there's the Madras.
Look at that.
They're doveting, man.
Man.
Man.
Oh, man.
See, this is what it does to you.
That good old-time religion.
Maybe there's a classic example.
And then, of course, when they get to be like 13, 14, 15.
Oh, yeah, I'm going to kill myself for a while.
I'll allow them, maybe, for somebody.
I'm going to pull myself up.
Look at those.
Even the little tiny kids look at that pathetic.
They make the orthodox Jews look like bikers.
That's with the P.
Now, you watch in there.
They should have a dovetnaught between the people.
Are you seeing a good dovetnaught?
They're doing it.
A dovetnaught, if I like that.
Instead of having a dovetnaught.
Yes, hot dovetnaught.
Or even everything.
And all this is a bombing.
You have a dovetnaught between the orthodox Jews and these guys.
That's right.
The last person standing with the dog.
My dog, Paper Scissors, same idea.
My dog, Paper Scissors, same idea.
Who's got the best hangier and who can dovetnaught in the longest without coming up for a oxygen?
Oh, that is just pathetic.
9-11 is Dark Wonder of the Future writes Robert Perry in the smirkling chimp.
I'm not going to read it's a very long article.
I'm certainly not going to attempt to read the whole thing here.
I don't want to read these pun facts.
After these calls I've taken, they may stop doing this altogether.
I may just sit here and invent every day for four hours.
Okay.
The screen about management.
How's that account coming by the way?
We're going to info back.
We're going to info back.
We're going to info back.
The low back.
Good.
God.
Who the hell are they kidding back there?
Well, you know Chris, he's busy.
He's busy guy back there.
He's learning English.
What?
I don't know what you're laughing about.
He won't speak English like anybody I've ever talked to.
No?
No.
You've been in Tennessee.
Yeah.
He ain't from Tennessee.
He's from North Carolina.
I know.
Take out the safe.
It's quiet.
Yeah, make sure you do.
He's climbing it.
Robert Perry says is the fifth anniversary of the 9-11 attacks unfolded in the chemical.
It's less like a sad remembrance of the past.
And more like a troubling glimpse of the future.
A window to a new age to tell a tyrannism that loomed before the U.S.
where powerful right wing government tells lies aided and abetted by friendly media corporations.
That sounds like America today, doesn't it?
Mm-hmm.
So even as the CIA and Senate Intelligence Committee find me now, some of the many Iraq war falsehoods
pulled by George W. Bush and senior advisors, Bush's male mispeasons and male feedings are obscured
by Disney's ABC TV documentary, I'm obtaining most of the blame for 9-11 attacks.
If you're not on Bush, then I'll Democrats.
With Disney's selection of a right wing director and with a secrecy that's around the project,
the past and I-11 also had the sickening feel of a collaboration between a giant corporation
and the Republican government in power.
So less than two months before a pivotal national election,
with Americans increasingly wondering how the nation got in with the mess at faces today,
this joint project of Disney and pro-Bush operatives provides a narrative that focuses not on Bush blowing off CIA warnings
of an appending attack in 2001, but on events dating back to 1993.
The past and I-11, which ABC touted as a public service shown with no commercial interruptions,
makes some of its right wing judgments with sneering aside from characters such as wondering
if Attorney General Janet Reno had any balls and others by mixing real and fabricated events
to put Democrats in the worst possible light.
And by the way, we know in Florida, we know Janet Reno has got big balls.
That's right, Harry.
When the mysterious project finally was unveiled,
a mainstream media reviewer, someone Democrats started complaining about fabricated scenes.
The right wing media responded with a counterattack,
accusing the protesting Democrats of threatening the First Amendment's currency of free speech.
In other words, as a time when Republicans controlled the White House, the Congress,
the US Supreme Court, and increasing the American media,
the Democrats still get transformed into the one threatening free speech
for protesting their harsh and at times falsely eviction in events that led to the deaths of nearly 3,000 people.
Media manipulation also appears likely to play a major part in Republican strategy
for beating back Democratic Challengers in the November 7th election.
In the eight weeks ahead, Republicans will be expected to exploit their financial and media advantages
to wage personal attacks against Democratic Challengers, district by district, state by state.
About four months ago, a Republican political operative told me about this strategy
to disqualify Democratic candidates through a combination of negative research called Apple
and the timely dissemination of attack lines to conservative allies in the local national media.
And it goes on and on and on.
But what's the point? What's the use?
And here's all these little kids coming out of these madrasses again.
I thought that this was all supposed to stop.
What's that supposed to stop? Who told you that?
Of course, you know, who started that before the packies, aren't you?
The ones who invented it?
Those Saudis.
Saudis. Sure.
The freaking Saudis invented this brainwashing technique where they have their own little...
It's like sending all the kids to parochial school, man, or summer camp.
Only they do it so much better, man. So much more intense.
They just barely get a couple of seconds to come up for rarers.
Focus on the G had chapter.
Were we seeing the groundwork of recruitment for the next generation of Holy Warriors?
Absolutely.
Yes, you are.
12, 13, at 5, 60, nobody can remember.
But what does this have to do with ass?
Some biggest names.
Some best talents.
This is Neil Rogers.
More on Radio 560.
E-U-A-M.
The time.
It's been a good way to chip at the U-Ratings in Diana.
Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass I was to you in half.
Yet, don't you get why somebody good enough to fill my piggy pants?
Are you amazing?
Yes, yes, yes.
Right now, Jets, I want to be coming back.
I'm trying to consider it a little bit more comfortable.
If you want to know what I'm saying,
then I'm trying to be a little bit more comfortable.
Why, that's easy.
You.
Oh, you mean it's old.
Oh, you mean it's old.
Oh, you mean it's old.
Oh, you mean it's old.
I don't know.
I'm trying to say it again.
I think there are 20 classes that you think I'd do.
I said my rating that's one of doubt in this game.
When video has to rebound, it's gone for the day and civil war.
And we did.
Yeah, old you mean it's old.
Now we did.
Old you mean it's old.
And you mean it's old.
Old you mean it's a show.
And you're old.
I told you I was a little bit more comfortable.
I said it.
You have to find a way something.
I told you I could get it.
I said, you know what?
You got to go find me, huh?
I thought you could.
I said, you know what?
I don't see his name on the schedule anywhere.
Maybe he's down on a weekend now.
The quick moisture.
Do I see him on here?
I'm looking on the weekend.
I see the big oasis on there.
I don't see the crow anymore, either.
No.
Now, did we ever get to the bottom of that,
what that was all about?
Sure.
Well, it wasn't.
Want to say it again.
He had some bad things to say to someone.
Yeah.
And so he's out.
Well, who is the someone?
Do we know or is the measure?
Sure, I'm sorry.
It's a very nice person in the county who didn't have it coming.
And so he's out there.
He didn't have his money.
He didn't have his money.
And he took it out on the wrong person.
I see.
Well, there's nothing worse than somebody gets all bent out of shape
if they don't get paid on pay-rate.
Well, apparently he used some unsavory language.
And he really crossed several lines.
He didn't take you next time, did he?
I don't know the particular.
Why should we didn't say it used that one?
But he went over lines, yes.
Who would parents would have had to come and explain drama diaphragm?
Who would say such a thing anyway?
Lindsay Lohan.
Contra Costa Times politics weblog says, Republicans read Playboy.
Ready for this?
Okay.
Hippocrates, phonies, liars.
Playboy magazine commissioned a boarder with rest
what is called a calm and misconception that the majority of its readers are liberal Democrats.
And what would you have thought?
Oh, I know the Republicans are filthy, dirty, filthy, hippocrates, sex perverts, porn-ongering.
So I would have thought about 50-50.
Well, let's just people think, oh, they Democrats read Playboy.
Who knew?
Playboy surveyed 1,000 people.
Half were drawn from an actually representative sample of Adelts age 21 and older.
Well, the other half came from its subscriber roles.
The odd premise is the magazine's Playboy voter feature in this month's edition,
outlined the following conclusions from its survey.
79% of those survey voted in the 2004 presidential election,
15 points higher than the national average.
36% of its readers are Republicans compared to 25% Democrat, 25% independent,
and 14% other parties, like party animals.
72% of Playboy readers favor stem cell research compared with 61% of its
non-reader group sample.
Half of Playboy's readers oppose a ban on gay marriage, double the number in the non-reader group.
Half of Playboy's readers oppose a ban.
Well, that's because they're looking to naked women.
If it was Playgirl doing the same thing, probably half of the readers would oppose a ban on whatever.
Straight marriage.
Half of the readers oppose a ban on gay marriage.
I'm not following. That's not worded right.
See that?
Repose the ban.
Sure, number... how many Republicans, you think?
About 30, man!
This is the first of a two-part look at voting patterns of Playboy readers.
The second segment will appear as November edition, according to release, from the magazine.
Aren't you shocked 36% of Playboy readers are Republicans?
I would have thought more.
Oh my God.
And only 25% Democrats.
And you know what they would say? Well, the Democrats are the ones reading Playgirl.
The guys.
And that's what they would say, isn't it?
Mm-hmm, sure.
They would say, you ferry!
1171 votes.
Now that Kate Hudson get off the bottom yet?
Oh, she got off the bottom.
And that's only because we got two late comers that are going to...
Right.
They're going to hurt her over her.
She's going to be asked.
Beyonce's got seven and Scarlet Johansson's seven.
They're bottom feeding at the moment.
Oh, there's an old-hood... how am I...
With a Palestinian authority?
Yeah, out of here.
Casa Poyce.
Uh, Kate Hudson's got eight.
They got seven.
Kylie Minogue nine.
Jennifer Conley 11.
See, they've forgotten all about poor Jennifer Conley and Requiem for a dream.
Better start promoting that movie again.
Isn't that the one in Miguel City hated like poison didn't understand it?
I forgot.
Oh, that was network that the Jack fell asleep during.
Sorry.
Rady Quinn 14.
Tommy Cruz 20.
Jessica Alba 27.
Oh, I'm going from the bottom up in case you have noticed.
Mm-hmm.
Uh, where'd I get stopped?
Tommy Cruz.
Me too.
Jessica Alba 29.
Oprah 32.
Sophia Vergara 39.
Jessica Beale's ass.
They think it's lovely 42.
Shakira 44.
Tom Brady 49.
He's right on Vita Garas, but she's got 50.
He's got 49.
Brittany 54.
I don't think Tom Brady's got a hot ass.
Well, maybe hot, but Mariah Carey 90.
The B-93.
The B-106.
Angelina Jolie 153.
I hit this pool 164 and J-Lo.
She is kicking ass.
245.
Nobody can touch her ass and then again who I would want to.
I noticed that Puffy of P. Diddy.
He wanted to become just Diddy?
Yeah, Diddy?
I think the answer is, oh, he did not.
At least not her.
But then he got sued.
Somebody in Britain has already got that name trademarked or something.
You see that?
I did not.
So now he's just puffing and puffing.
Amy Fagan in the Washington Times writes,
Senate seat online for GOP in Rhode Island Primary.
Today is election day, baby.
It's primary day, not in Florida, but around the country.
Some important stuff.
Senate Republicans face the prospect of one less seat wins the morning
private, but to say if Senator Lincoln Chafee or is what's his name?
Chris Matthews calls him on hardballs.
Link Chafee to show you his committee already.
Link.
If Senator Lincoln Chafee, a liberal loses his primary here today to conservative
Chander Steven Laffey, it'll be no Laffey matter.
I'll tell you that for the Republicans.
Mr. Laffey has no chance to win a general election.
We would find ourselves down the seat going to the November election, said Dan Roya, Roy
Rhaanane, inane, spoken to the Republican and National Senator of Committee.
Mr. Rhaanane, instead of the committee, will not back Mr. Laffey if he wins, but is confident that Chafee will prevail today.
If Laffey wins, Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid is one step closer to being
when the committee leader agreed David Winston, Tasewood, like a cigarette should,
a district-based Republican pollster.
How many people in this audience do you think care about the Rhode Island Senate race?
How many do you think?
About 30 million.
About what?
I would say more like maybe, maybe.
So what's all my reading this for?
For you, for your benefit.
Did you vote? Did you go to Rhode Island and vote yet?
I'll be right back, though.
As a result, the National Republican machine is devoted time, money, and resources to screen a primary victory for Link Chafee.
Well, I said it up, Chris Matthews.
He's talking about a guy who talks about both sides of his dumb ass.
He makes me sick.
In fact, I'll say it again, the only person on MSNBC that I like is Keith Oberman, the rest of that work is garbage, man.
Garbage. Pure garbage.
Even took a lester hold off here.
We very rarely see him anymore.
You don't have no idea who that is either.
I'll tell you one thing.
There is a man in the world that wouldn't want to have the voice that lester holds coming.
He makes water.
Cronkite sound like guilty.
Like that.
Wow.
Mom Tony, he's got a big deep booming voice.
He's a great newsreader guy.
Lester hold.
You never saw him?
Black guy?
Oh, right guy.
You never saw lester hold?
Never heard of him.
Christ, when are you going to get with him?
You still know what's Keith Oberman.
What's wrong with you?
I told you it's a bad time.
What?
8 to 9 pm on MSNBC right now?
That's chaos.
You could record it.
You could figure out how to make that thing work.
What are these days I will?
You could PVR DVR it.
27 past noon.
Hey, listen.
I'm swimming upstream like a guppy.
You know, I'm used to that.
I don't care.
All they care about is Shakira's ass and about, you know, it's Lindsay Lohan's...
Whatever.
But...
Do you know?
And you want to know why?
Because they're not.
But because they're deprived.
That's the problem.
If they were getting any, it wouldn't be quite so concerned.
It's like people are worried about what everybody else and who they're doing, you know?
If it's time to get into mattress because maybe you've been doing too much on air and ward out baby out in the mattress too.
Don't waste your time in money driving the stores all over town, especially those betting in department stores where they rip you off and you've got a waste all like gas and comparison shop.
Forget about it.
It's easy to get you a great mattress.
Just make that one easy call like I've been doing for years.
Call 1-800-Mattress.
Get yourself factory direct prices lower than the chain stores, even during their so-called big sales.
Plus, dial and actress has got 12 month financing too.
Call 1-800-Mattress.
You'll get the lowest prices on the best brands.
Celian, Certa, King Corle and Simmons, Tempubidic, Steerings and Banana Sposter too.
Dial and actress is ranked number one in the world of customers at a specs I've been telling about that for years and they continue to be because nobody can match their deal the best price and certainly the best delivery.
99.7% of time they're on time.
You pay the date and time you want that new mattress delivered seven days a week, eight a day into 10 p.m.
Pick that to our window and they show up on time.
Even the very same debt at your call and of course dial and actress delivers all the way around.
Now that is real service.
Call them today and we sleep in like a child as soon as night and for years to come and real comfort.
Dial and actress, 1-800-MATTRES, 1-800-Mattress, leave off the last ass because it stands for Stupendous Savings.
The biggest name, so best talent for the thing is this, P.O. Rodgers, 4-205-60-MATTRES.
Afraid? Be very afraid.
Afraid? Be very afraid.
Afraid? Be very afraid.
Afraid? Be very afraid.
Afraid? Be very afraid.
Afraid? Be very afraid.
Afraid? Be very afraid.
Afraid? Be very afraid.
Afraid? Be very afraid.
Afraid? Be very afraid.
Afraid? Be very afraid.
Afraid? Be very afraid.
Afraid? Be very afraid.
Afraid? Be very afraid.
Afraid? Be very afraid.
Afraid? Be very afraid.
You're on playing a little bit?
I mean, very little.
Yeah, why?
Because I hate that song.
That's good.
The Jordan airs were the guys that back up Elvis and all those day were the background singer.
Remember the Jordan airs?
Yes, that's all they did.
The one guy that tall skinny a goofy looking guy looked like somebody from the Lawrence Welp show.
Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop.
You know, you've been out of the bar.
See?
That took a lot of talent, I'm sure.
Anyway, I know you hate Elvis like Poison, that's one of the things that makes you a great American.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
I think the air was using an outdated chart of Lexington's Bluegrass airport when that crash happened.
How do you like that?
And the airline is now urging pilots to use extreme caution.
Oh, too late.
They got a big banner there remembering 5191.
There's a bunch of flowers, but I think they'd probably rather have the people alive and forget the flowers.
Airlines spokeswoman Kate Marks said yesterday the alert was prompted because the airline had an old diagram of Bluegrass airport.
A week before the crash and airport repaping project changed the taxi route leading to the 7,000 foot main runway that they should have used, but they didn't.
Comair received a new chart two weeks after the crash killed 49 and 50 people on board.
The previous chart had been up to this since January.
I think when you get on a plane now and it may be a good idea to yell out to the pilot, you know, go up to the cockpit and say before they close the door.
Hey, Captain, we got a new idea frame.
What's going on?
Are you causing trouble?
You must be a terrorist.
That's true.
They'll take you ass away.
Late last week the company updated its dispatch information from Bluegrass airport cockpit cruise of the warning that some runway diagram didn't accurately reflect all the current signs and markings.
I see.
So late now, that's pathetic.
I just can't, you know, as I get older and older, it just makes me want to vomit.
We just don't care about human life.
It's just numbers, man.
Just numbers.
But that's just the world of the way it is.
There's nothing you can do about it.
It's always been that way.
It's like all those people in that thing, that catacombs.
All those skulls and bones.
In case you haven't noticed, man, a lot of dead people around.
Look at that Democrats blast a bush speech.
The Hamas leg government, a prime minister, Ismail Hania has agreed to join a unity government with Palestinian Authority President Mukbubas, is more moderate, Fatsaparty, Israel.
The US and the European Union have said, Hamas must recognize Israel's right to exist.
Or else, 205 votes on the poll about ass, man.
That's where it's at.
Forget about all this stuff about Israel and lesbian on and Iraq and Iran and Afghanistan and Taliban, man.
Forget that, man.
We've got to do with Lindsey Lilland.
What's the Democrats to do with Lindsey Lilland's private?
And what does it got to do with who's going to win the game and the fact that the Marlins still can't throw flies?
Now, let me ask you, did a rain yesterday?
Was there any climate weather? Was it a bad, nasty day?
No, no, no. It was a nice day.
I did that for a ball game, huh?
Go out there and get a couple of winters.
Sit there and enjoy.
The Marlins are harder than a firecracker.
These kids that Dan Ugly kidn't all these other guys.
Who's the kid that hits the three home runs?
Cody Ross.
Cody Ross.
I bet you he's related to Rosie Ross.
In fact, he probably helps drive him to the pine cone every Friday night, when they're not playing.
What?
I went in the right...
Cody Ross from Walter Ross from the Red Ross.
I don't know who the hell that is.
From Betsy Ross.
And he had three home runs yesterday and knocked in the seven.
I do believe in my right.
You're right.
See, I know my crap and you want to know why?
Because it doesn't take the long to figure it out.
You just go on there and we'd like to sit in the opposite of him and say, hey, look at that 16 to 5.
They kicked some ass again.
Well, the mess have nothing to play for.
They had that thing locked up for months now, right?
Well, yeah, but it's like they're not trying.
I didn't say they weren't trying.
I'm not trying to say they're laying down because that would be the last thing that the mess would do.
It would be laid out for the Marlins for Jeffrey Elboria.
I wonder how Jeffrey's getting along with Joe Gerardi these days, huh?
I'd like to see Joe Gerardi just kick his ass.
Whenever he'd read, of course David Samson, he could just sit on him.
1211 votes on the pool.
Who has the best ass in jail?
It continues to be way out in the front, man.
She leads the pack.
Nobody can touch it.
I said that before.
Quit saying it.
Okay, let's take a bunch of really good calls here.
And thanks to the people that are sending in the pool.
Thank you, Steve and Mike and Melbourne.
Although your second pool mic is pretty weak, but nevertheless,
I'll take anything at this point and think about them.
Steve's pooler is a good suggestion.
I'm sure I do.
I'm going to use that for tomorrow.
I'm not going to give you the tip off on a right office and people be calling in, huh?
No, never tip them off.
No.
This is not part of that Head Start program.
567-0560, pound 567-Leverage and Singular, wireless line.
Maybe you get a response from our sales department from Chris Jones,
our sales manager about this.
Forget about the copy thing.
Forget about the fact that Troy Stratford's name is still in the horrible piece of copy.
Hey, listen, if I wrote that, I wouldn't put my name on it either.
But what about the other thing?
No.
Now, what does that tell you?
Isn't that a little bit disturbing or am I just over the end?
I've not really.
I'm not disturbed at all.
I am.
I mean, at a cost of about how many years now?
A zillion years later.
It would be nice to know if I get a new piece of something for that.
It would be nice to know if that's supposed to be on or not.
As opposed to just saying, oh no, we checked in.
It's about running tomorrow or whatever.
They died and they closed up shop.
Whatever it is.
Chris, that's all I asked.
An easy question.
Does he respond?
No.
Do we get a answer?
No.
Any follow-through?
Nothing.
Zipity, doodah.
Maybe it's still being researched.
See, this is not good for my mental health being on here five days a week.
I'm going back to Tuesday and Thursday.
Screw that.
How are this?
That's the part that's aggravating.
It's that even being a zillion miles away from the may.
They just tear your cookies out, man.
Stop staring.
Stop staring.
I can't stop caring, OK.
You need a lobotomy.
I'll go into my box when I stick my fat ass in a box.
The ass is in an urn.
I'll still be caring, OK?
Have you tried drugs?
No, but I think I'm going to start.
Well, let me recommend a couple.
No, I don't need any help.
Believe me, here we go.
Whatever you want, it's out there.
WQAM, hello.
Oh, secure.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, nailed.
Yes, sir.
My girlfriend's got a front-ass.
OK, good.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
I want to speak to what was in your mind.
I'm in charge at WQAM, I hot dick.
WQAM, hello.
I nailed.
Just got back before.
Uh-huh.
Great time.
Oh, you're fading, though.
WQAM, hello.
How are you doing, buddy?
OK, sir.
Is the channel on that list of yours today?
Chattano?
Yeah, I'm just going to use that guyco spot.
Don't start bringing her sorry, I swear.
The love you love again.
You want to put Chattano on there?
That place, sir.
What about Vern Troyer?
Thank you.
OK.
What about many me, baby?
I tell you that.
That is the greatest ampamping.
Yes, it is.
And just when you think that you've seen him all day,
he'd come out for these new ones.
Right.
Little Richard.
Still the best though.
Little Richard is the best part about that is,
and each time you see it, you watch it a little bit more closely.
You know, the blank look on the woman's face.
You know what I'm talking about her, clarinet and araxidant.
And he's just going crazy, you know.
I had a mask potato.
And she's just sitting there with that same blank look on her face.
It's just fabulous.
I wonder if the other person was warned
what the celebrity is going to do.
No, I know.
You think they did that in one take?
You know the amount of money they spent on those spots?
I know.
They do those over and over and over again, man.
That's a beautiful thing.
Who?
And who needs that super gecko anyway?
I hate to get a go.
The best talent switch is real Roger's 4th radio 560.
Yes.
Yes.
Sorry, only a Miami.
It's the new fall line of car for him or her comfortable clothing
for today's sexually confused people.
Like weight shirts with buttons that button all the way up to your neck.
It's not nerdy.
It's purring his show and man.
Who knows?
He's crazy.
Car.
Her hand.
Or her.
A complete line of pleaded linen pants that you can pull all the way up to your clothes.
I just love a man who wears a car originally.
Wait a minute.
That's an crazy creepy guy.
Stop.
Tell no.
Car.
Her hand.
Or her at now and get a limited edition John Car sings weird creepy songs.
You'd be with every $50 car purchase.
A thing of the world.
All crazy department stars.
$12.47 at $5.60.
WNCM for the second time in one day.
I have to agree with George.
It's a bad president.
A president.
Stop.
Well, I'm looking at the picture you sent me that you want to give me.
Now, here's Kate Hudson is walking the dog.
Yeah.
You two with the dog's doing two by the way.
The dog is squatting by the way.
So he's really showing us his ass.
Right.
It's a picture from behind.
It's clear that her on the beach.
He's walking this ugly roast dog.
It looks like a bulldog or something.
What kind of a dog would you say that is?
I don't know.
A nut.
A schnauzer.
Brown.
Well, I shouldn't say brown.
Anyway, well, there's something brown there in the sand.
But the dog is squatting and the dog's got a bigger ass than she did.
That's not even a contest.
No.
She has no ass.
She has no body.
No, but she has a great ass when she has no ass.
Yes, no boobs and her face is kind of weak.
Other than that, she's great.
She's fabulous, man.
Oh, and she can't act.
But other than that, that's not to like.
And she's full of crap and phony.
But beside that, you know, the price must have been right.
Wow.
So that guy can have her.
We won't be fighting.
Okay.
She's all yours, Pally, whoever the hell that was.
David Lindorf's got a great idea on the smircling chimpanzees,
commemorating nine living by impeaching the president.
That's a great idea.
It's much, much too long.
I'm not going to start reading this.
I wouldn't be done till midnight.
We'll just have it on our website today tomorrow.
I wonder if the hell of Josh gets around to it.
And the fact of the matter is that you're not reading the stories that you're supposed to win.
Anyway, so just put a couple of F words in it or something.
Hi.
Commemorating F9-11 by impeaching the Fn president or something like that.
The mother Fn, you know, symbolist junior.
And right, rights.
Band in Washington.
Where's the free speech?
So much for free speech in the nation's capital and capital, Al and O.L.
On July 11, 2006, I was arrested for offering a citizen's voice in the Senate's judiciary committee hearing
against the nomination of one of the Bush administration's architects of torture.
William Haynes, former Department of Defense General Counsel,
for a lifetime appointment of the fourth circuit court of appeals.
September 7th, I appeared in the criminal division of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia
on charges of disorderly and disruptive conduct on the United States' capital grounds
on July 11, 2006.
During that appearance, I was ordered by the court to stay away from the U.S. Capitol,
all Senate and House office buildings and committee hearing rooms, and the streets around in the capital area.
The court paper state that I must abide by this order until my case is disposed of,
and that any violation of this order could result in your prosecution for contempt of court,
the revocation of your release and or your detention pending final disposition of this case.
I was released in my personal retognesence, but instructed in writing that a warrant for your arrest will be issued immediately
upon any violation of a condition of this release, and shall subject you to revocation of the release.
In order of detention and prosecution for contempt of court, a fine of number within $1,000 or imprisonment number than six months of both.
Another paragraph said that if you're convicted of an offense committed while released,
you shall be subject to the following penalties.
In prison, it have not listed in one year or number than five years of convicted of committing a felony while released,
and imprisonment of not listed in 90 days or number than one year, if convicted of committing a misdemeanor while released,
such to be conspicuated to any other sentence of imprisonment.
All of these prohibitions are because I stated in the U.S. Congress that I'm opposed to torture,
and that the Congress should not confirm a person associated with the Bush administration's torture policies.
These court orders definitely curtail my ability to voice the U.S. Congress my concerns of most American people about important issues they're considering,
like the following the Congress will consider next week.
Bush's demand that Congress authorize greater warrantless wiretape authority.
Bush's demand that Congress agreed to military tribunals or defendants can be tried and convicted without seeing the evidence.
That classified evidence can be used with neither the defenders nor their lawyers told about such information,
that prosecutors can rely on hearsay, evidence obtained, and directly an evidence obtained by coercion,
if the panel chief deemed it reliable and directly related the accusations.
Bush's demand that Congress agree to keep CIA secret detention sites in other countries operational,
and Bush's demand that Congress confirm John Bolton as U.S. ambassador to the U.N.
Don't you believe that these are issues that we, the people, must instruct our Congress on how we feel?
Of course, you can call writer, email, your senators, and Congress persons,
but I like to go to the committee, rooms and look at elected officials in the eye, and tell them what I think.
It doesn't take long to tell them because the Capitol police officer in the hearing room usually arrives at your side quickly when you speak out.
When you speak out in a committee room, our elected officials, those who serve us, are literally succinct statement of concerns about the issues.
Hearings would probably be a lot better if the Congress persons had the same police at their elbows demanding shorter statements.
I do understand that committees not take time generally to hear from the public in their committee rooms,
lobbying for an issue was done in the halls and offices, but I think there's a role for a lightning comment that it comes with a risk of being arrested for disrupting the hearing,
or at a minimum being escorted out of the hearing and later released.
Now that I'm banned from the Capitol area, I hope others will come to Congress and express their views,
we, the people, must tell Congress to be brave and courageous in these perilous times.
Now of all times we need strong character and moral courage from our Congress, right?
She was doing well because she got the last paragraph.
Just like it says in that movie, baby, why we fight.
The military, industrial, and congressional complex, and in the fourth part of the course, the think tanks, the stinking think tanks.
Oh my God.
Like the Heritage Foundation and all these other right wing organizations.
There are a few liberal things, but like maybe three, you know, as opposed to 80 million right wing think tanks.
Right, well they have more money.
Stink tanks.
That's correct.
1,530 votes.
They didn't care about Richard Melons' case, his finger and that thing with David Horowitz and that thing with the phone,
anything on ABC.
They didn't care about that.
But that's the way it goes.
You know, I'm going to continue pressing on.
You know, I have my moments.
In fact, the one thing that just bugs me the most, how many seconds would it have taken to pick up the phone on ABC?
And then the intercom and it buzzes you or they walk in there and give you a note or during a break and say,
so and so is none today, it's on tomorrow or whatever the, whatever the brief answer was to the question.
Because the last two times I brought that up about another account turns out that who was right?
Yeah.
I was.
Yeah.
And again, it's not costing me any money.
It's costing them money.
Now maybe they'd rather run all these trade-outs spots like they have in this next break.
That's fine.
You know, as opposed to getting paid.
That's fine by me.
I don't think so though.
See, it's not that I'm not concerned about certain things, but it's not the sales department that I'm concerned with.
It's all right.
You're concerned with our leading number.
Well, we seem to be doing pretty well.
We're doing all right.
We're doing great.
We're not doing pretty well.
We're doing great.
You know, there's no reason to be complacent.
No, I would agree with you.
We're not, now you're trying to interfere with Kenny and VoliShow again.
I would never.
You know, you're going to come on here and say they're talking too much sports.
I would never.
And then Joe Bell coming in there to a clock and kick your ass.
He might.
And probably P right there and not that he can actually do it.
He's going to P right there on the counter.
I got a fresh roll of paper towels.
Well, good.
And then Chris Jones will come in and say, what's he bitching about?
And then he didn't say to speak like that.
He speaks for the real Southern draw.
Yeah, he does.
And then when he tells me that this new guy Hank, not connected with the other Hank.
I said, okay, that's enough.
The new sales guy Hank is what it was the expression he used about how thorough and detail.
And then he didn't even put it in.
Good one piece of coffee.
And of course I used the term coffee loosely.
Anyway, quit your bitch and just take the check every two weeks.
You might.
I just I need.
I need medical hypnotherapy or something.
I can see a book.
Ten and man.
I need to have him put me in a coma again.
There's some needles in your eyes.
Why does this man not stop?
Okay.
If it's going to be schlocked, just schlock your way through life.
That's all.
Don't get long.
They do see that.
That's correct.
That's why there were no guys were doing across the street, 0.5 and 0.9.
We were doing like ones and twos as opposed to like sevens and eights.
God.
Oh, here's the story about those as stingrays.
Not to attack stingrays.
What?
People are still off.
Man, people are incredibly gay.
Is that what it is?
Yeah.
You think gay.
Well, down under man.
Well, I'd have called it down.
I don't mean gay in a sexual way.
Gay.
Yeah.
Then we're really in a lame way.
Very, very silly things that people do.
That is correct.
Because most people are, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop.
It is.
But then when you look at those madrasas, I'm glad that they're showing that over and over again.
Because the American public hasn't seen that enough.
They wonder how people can become so fanatic.
And of course, they don't want to show too much of it because then they'll start thinking about,
oh, this has to do with religious brainwashing.
And they don't want to talk too much about that.
That is a good thing.
So, tell us the basis.
The Oroger's Force Radio 560, SUAM.
Not just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon.
Christian's Day.
He's a planning homeowner.
That's what's called a Christian Redneck Zone.
No Charlie.
Christian.
Us dreaming weeping day.
Christian.
Christian.
Us dreaming weeping day.
Christian.
Christian.
Christian.
Christian.
Christian's Day.
For many men's right over, wishy-feigh.
And pinks are girls' mocks, come what's made.
Without letting his no-fills, people else awry.
Christian's Day.
But currently denies it right winged with neck Christian types of fire.
But game gang Charlie likes a busy chain.
Charlie.
Christian.
Us dreaming weeping day.
You fair one, one, five, six, yeah.
I think it's great.
I hope that he wins.
Of course, I don't want him to be the next governor.
But if he does, because who would have heard Jim Davis?
Hope.
But exactly.
But if he does win, I think that after he gets an agorated then, then.
He ought to be publicly outed like in the public square.
And then all right winged and said, oh, what was us?
How do I tell us, you know?
Wait till you hear this.
What?
Fort St. Lucy.
This where all the heavy duty stuff happens.
Okay.
A 70-70 year old local man who reportedly admitted looking up women's skirts for 13 years.
Wow.
Was it a neck?
Was it a rest of the yesterday in connection with an incident last month at a Walmart Supercenter in St. Lucy West?
Harry Tasker of the 500 block of Southeast Anchor Lane faces a video voyeurism charge.
Tasker who declined comment today, reportedly told investigators,
he'd been looking up women's skirts without their knowledge for about 13 years.
He said he used a mirror from the store to stare up their skirts.
Police learned of Tasker after a woman found him with a camera cell, the cell phone behind her.
I think it's horrendous had Connie Suf, 571 of Tasker's neighbors.
He just kept looking at you every time I walked past.
Mm-hmm.
And of course the fact that he was down on the floor in his hands and knees with the right cell phone flopped open.
The other the warm crawling across the floor in his back.
Right.
Always looking straight up.
242 votes on the pool.
We got a shot at 13, that wouldn't be too bad.
We'll take it.
Since this has nothing to do with 9-11 but it does have to do with ass.
Huh?
Right?
Well, there's the Taliban again and look at that.
They're all dressed up there and like one of the packers said he said,
well, how do we know the Taliban from the other guys?
The schmackens are all the same.
The beards are all the same.
How do we know?
You shoot them all and let God sort them out.
That's the way to do it.
Now that's you, excuse anyway.
The fact that they're closing up again to the Taliban and Mula Omar and all those guys.
And as far as the kids, well, you saw that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
they're going to grow up to be terrorists anyway.
So just, you know, blow them all up.
Until we blow up Pakistan, I think we need to play that again in the game.
But they're not going to do it.
Now there are good buddies, baby.
Tom Hayes writes, now what is this from?
Is this from anything we should be, oh, Capitol Hill Blue.
Well, thank God.
I should read that dog Thompson thing over and over.
Yes, just now he's, of course, I'm gonna take.
He doesn't pull any punches.
He tells it like it is.
He said that Bush is crazy than a bed bug right.
He responsible in a mad man and a lunatic.
All of these, all of these things.
And that's why they won't let him on a plane.
Tom Hayes says that we're different men going in different directions.
One of his visiting Egyptians student on scholarship.
The other in ex-Copinat did and job as a hotel security guard.
But an aviation radio left in a high-rise hotel brought Abdallah, Higgazian,
Ronald Ferry together, an unfortunate footnote to the 9-11 terrorist attacks.
You're fairie.
In his zeal the fight, terror, ferry twisted the truth about the radio,
capable of contacting commercial pilots from the ground,
and triggered an investigation that needlessly landed Higgazian jeal for a month.
Five years later, Higgazian 35 is back and easy for
where he views his case as a parable about the false suspicions endured by
Innocenium, Arab and Muslim men following the attacks.
Not all the victims of 9-11 were in the Twin Towers in Pentagon.
He said in a reason interview, there were other victims too.
Attempts by the AP to contact Ferry 53 were unsuccessful.
There was no telephone listening for him, and his former attorney said they were out of touch.
Speaking by phone from Cairo, Higgazian recalled being thrilled when he arrived in the US on August 27, 2001,
to begin a graduate program in computers.
His college temporarily put him up in a room on the 51st floor at the Millennium Hotel
in the shadow of the World Trade Center.
He was there on the morning of 9-11 when the plane struck with a force that shook the hotel.
During an evacuation he managed to grab only a student ID and cash,
he later found housing in Brooklyn and started school, and her ferry.
The Millennium Security Guard, who had quit the Newark New Jersey police force because of a drug problem,
was decided in October to inventory items left behind by guests for a paper said,
he reported to a supervisor that among the belongings found in a safe in Room 51-01
with the aviation radio and an Egyptian passport, Higgazies.
The discovery was troubling to investigators who believed a conspiracy or conspiracy tour could have used the handheld device
to coordinate with the hijackers of aiming airliners at the Twin Towers.
It was considered an extremely important item of evidence when government finally said,
remember we were hearing about that at the time?
Yep.
And I'd guide with the radio.
When Higgazies was summoned to the hotel in December to retrieve his belongings,
the FBI confronted him with the radio.
I'm sorry, this isn't mine, he told agents.
The FBI brushed his side his denials and arrested him as a material witness.
He was sure someone would quickly realize he'd been framed until he spotted the Carriest Musawi inside a jail in Lower Manhattan.
The man already known as the 20th hijacker was lodged in the same maximum security wing.
Being in Musawi's company and being stripped to its shackled and insulted by guards
was unnerving to a moderate Muslim who would never even read the Quran.
Oh, those kids will teach him how to do it.
Rockin' in the sockin' baby.
That's when I really sunk in that I was in a very, very serious situation.
He said he agreed to a polygraph examination, he stuck to the truth until an FBI agent
made bail threats against his family in Egypt.
He broke down and responded with wild and targeted retails.
He found the radio in the subway, now he's sold it from the Egyptian military.
Siding his confession, the Federal authorities charged him on January 11, 2002 with making false statements.
Three days later, a private pilot who was staying on one floor below Haggayze at the Millennium September 11th,
returned to the hotel looking for his aviation radio.
It's very recanted history on January 16th court papers.
At the same day with no explanation, a deputy US Marshal removed Haggayze shackles and told him,
you're free to go.
About a year later, Haggayze sued the hotel and the FBI agent who courses false statements for $20 million.
He reached an un-disclosed settlement with a hotel, a judge later cleared the agent a ruling that still being appealed.
Now married and teaching computer courses, Haggayze still blames Ferry for forming the government.
He says, you ferry!
But he also asked fond memories of the Yorkers after recognizing him from news accounts,
greeted him with kind words after he was freed.
Aren't you the Egyptian man who he called some saying, we're sorry.
Ferry who pleaded guilty on February 27, 2002 to line the FBI about the radio,
served a sentence of weekends in jail for six months and faded back into obscurity,
his motives remain murky as well.
That was during the time of patriotism he said at a sentencing,
and I'm very, very sorry for that mistake.
And we would say, don't do it again.
See, that's one of the bad things that happens when he have any kind of a radio.
Yeah?
Please, as wide as an AM radio.
Oh, that's the worst.
That's the absolute worst.
I mean, if we don't care about spots, why should we care about listeners, right?
Oh, yeah.
1254, what do you think?
We got 1300 on our horizon?
You can do it.
I think we got a shot, man.
Sounds like it.
567-0560, 0.560 in the Verizon worth of say.
We're, you know, easing back into a few calls here and there, we don't want to overdo it.
You know what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
Well, we don't want to put too much pressure on him.
No pressure.
Because if they feel pressure to call him, then they like to say something.
And then, of course, if they don't say something, then we bitch him out.
So they feel very intimidated.
Well, I'm not intimidating, right?
Peter Garas just climbing this pole.
Is she?
Yeah.
I'm going to send you a picture of her.
If you do the La Vida Loca.
She's got a long way to go to catch Mariah Carey.
I'll tell you that.
And what about secure that was making such a big move?
Well, she's a little well, but Vida Garas has an ass.
Secure a past Tom Brady.
He's got 53 and 4 Tommy stuck there at 49.
And Brady Quinn, he's only got 15.
Well, he's just a beginner, you know?
He's new to the ass scene.
And if you believe that, man.
Eric Margolus in the Toronto Sun writes, where we stand now?
He says there's been no successful attack on North America since 9-11.
But the US and Canada have generated new enemies.
So it's five years after the 9-11 attacks here is where we stand.
Are North American safer?
Yes.
The 49-11, the administration of US President George Bush like his predecessor,
ignored warnings of attacks.
Today's security agencies are vigilant.
The information during remains a problem.
Intensified border controls have raised North America's security,
but have hurt tourism and trade and be devil travelers.
Dangerous gaps remain at sea and airports.
While ignorant US congressmen call Canada a hotbed of tourism,
there are plenty of illegal aliens in the US.
This ludicrous situation makes a mockery of US national security.
Improved North American security has been partly offset by new enemies
for the US and Canada generated by the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Terrorism in 9-11 are being furiously milked by the Bush administration
to rekindle fears among US voters prior to the November elections.
Just before the tight 2004 Bush-Carry fixed election,
a tape-almost-Sama threatening America boosted Bush's rating
for points, helping him win.
A new bin Laden, tape-aligned 11-high-decker surface on Thursday.
The Hacley enacted US Papyridact, enabled governments to sweep away
lost protecting individual rights and begin the torture wiretapping
surveillance, trailing without charges and record-minding found in totalitarian states.
In a wise informative new book, Being Muslim, author Harun Siddiqui
describes how 83,000 mostly Muslim terrorism suspects were arrested in the US in abroad.
Only 40 were convicted of terrorism, a hundred of them died in custody.
These blanket arrest and a McCarthyite anti-Muslim witch hunt
observed Siddiqui have created a sense of psychological internment
among 7 million American and Canadian Muslims.
In Afghanistan, an anti-alcoholic high-daporation is turned into a classic 19-century colonial war
against unruly pastune traversmen costing $2 billion a month.
Washington failed to impose a viable regime.
Afghanistan is producing 80% of the world's heroin, Taliban and its nationalist allies are resurgent.
Americans and Canadians aren't being told the truth about the growing mess there.
Siddiqui troops to Afghanistan and cheering the destruction of Lebanon
seriously endanger Canada's national security, though it may help lumber exports.
Iraq, 9-11, provided an uncannily perfect pretext for a cabal of Washington's far-rightest
to launch wars for oil and world domination.
Some $300 billion in nearly 3,000 American lives later, the war in Iraq is lost.
Originally with 300 members, Al-Qaeda has been demolished, but after five years in Vignan spent
with 22,000 U.S. troops and army of CIA agents still hunting them,
ultimate survival has been run in Iman al-Zawahiris, storming an elusive mocking bush urging new attacks on the west.
Al-Qaeda has morphed into a worldwide anti-American movement whose force and numbers are spreading.
Vignan focused on the rage of 1.5 billion Muslims over the agony of Lebanon,
Palestine, Chetson, Iraq, Kashmir and Afghanistan, inspiring violent homegrown groups
in Madrid, London, Miami and Toronto.
Or some of them, in a lot of remains, a hero for defying the might of the west,
chained Guevara and a turban.
Can this war be won?
It's not a real war, but an international police intelligence operation against disparate groups fighting western political and economic domination.
It cannot be won by further militarizing the conflict.
The right response is, one, patient-predigient vigilance, but without East German-style security,
and two, resolving festering political issues, worrying the Muslim world.
Who's winning in the early 90s been lawden statement the only way to drive a merciless influence from the Middle East
was to attack its economy and bleed a drive by a series of small wars.
Afghanistan and Iraq will fill two of its scenarios, still its tour of the hotel.
How grave the threat only nuclear weapons presented truly catastrophic threat, Al-Qaeda so far has none.
Fanding terrorism makes good press and benefits politicians,
but terrorism is not an existential threat to the US, or even the major one.
Since 9-11, motor vehicle actions have killed at least 20 times more Americans than Al-Qaeda.
There's been no successful attack on North America for five years,
but having generated so many new enemies, US and Al-Canada remained prime targets.
Disturbingly, many Americans, one-pulse, as 33%, believe their government is covering up facts about the 9-11 attacks,
or somehow even involved in them.
Oh, who would say that?
Not at all, some common.
Much of Kami Pinko bastard troublemaker sounds like to me.
113-560-WQA, and we got the Mad Dog coming up at 2, the power hour, 4-5.
I heard a little bit of that, I think, a week ago, Friday, or maybe last Friday.
I made a point to come in and listen for what sounds like they're having a good time.
Good.
But you're not listening because they're talking about sports.
I'm sorry.
Hey, isn't it time you took the time and took the stress and worry out of last minute hurricane preparations?
Well, the hurricane shut-around that manufactures easy to use accordion shutters and now provide expert installation too.
Call them at 9-5-4-237-7083.
Hurricane shut-around that features roll-downs, accordions, panels too.
Just let the hurricane shut-around look, test to make a ribbon install, shutters for you.
And don't wait too long because hurricane season is in full swing.
Call right now, 9-5-4-237-7083, and get on your way to top notch protection all the time.
The hurricane shut-around life family owned an operated license insured and they'd run in Palm Beach County approved.
They stock all sizes of clear public-carbon and hurricane panels and aluminum panels, cut you a specification to the ready for pickup or delivery.
The public call contractors are welcome to.
Major credit cards accepted.
Tell them that Neil toured it and call and get $100 off on a minimum order of $350 square feet.
The hurricane shut-around look, call 9-5-4-237-7083 or online at surrogameshutteroutlife.com.
The biggest name of the best talent in this is Neil Rogers, 4th radio 560.
Floridians, done as dirt.
Can you rub this dick of all nasty and up big of all?
No, the A-D-Poll is ha ha ha.
It's Hortzot and Barista as you flash your skinny pony ass and spurts that by your cup of pick-up.
C, O, U, L, your daddy pulls it down.
T, D, R, O, D, takes a camel.
J, to know which wells and smells.
All the time they're all for news they can't get enough of you.
The most human voice of Nazi ray marks.
They point their cameras low when you're on a trumpet show.
To see a pan-tea van a wad.
Abnogged asleep a lagerit, sermonizing in the reds of hostage, child-requiled, licking wild.
The media darts his over and with a enormous manly hand.
And the biggest Adam's apple in town.
The media of Hortzot is looking at his cell phone.
Oh boy.
What a grotesque op that is.
Oh, speaking of our good friend, Ishaat Mushara.
Yeah.
Herbert, in a setback for women's rights in Pakistan, the ruling party in Islamabad
is caved into religious conservatives by dropping its plans to reform rape laws.
Statues known as the Houdud ordinances based on Sharia law.
Houdud.
Has done it done.
That's right.
You dude.
No, not you dude.
Houdud.
Based on Sharia law, currently operate in Pakistan.
It requires a female rape victim to produce four male witnesses, male witnesses,
collaborate to recount or she risks facing a new charge of adultery.
Good morning, partying in Islam.
The ruling party in Islamabad made up of a coalition of groups allied to present
and pervert Musharaf, and hoped the new protection of women bill would place the crime of rape
within the country's secular penal code which works in tandem with Sharia.
But the government said rape would remain a crime punished by Islamic law yesterday after
conservatives in an opposition group threatened to walk out of parliament and protest that the government
pushed ahead with reforms.
If there are four witnesses, it will be tried under Islamic law.
If there are not, it will not be tried under the penal code to the law minister, Mohamed
Waziz F. Far.
In the case of both adultery and rape, the judge will decide how to try the case.
A new amended bill will not be presented to parliament tomorrow.
This news is a significant victory for the MMA which have vehemently opposed any attempts
to lessen the influence of Sharia.
The Houdud ordinances were enshrined in Pakistan in law 1979 by General Zia Ul-Hawk.
And an attempt to appease the country's powerful religious elite following his military coup.
They have been routinely criticized by local international rights groups.
Previous governments have tried to repeal the laws but failed at it.
Pervert Musharraf had told right groups he was willing to back plans for rape to be tried
in the secular court as part of his much trumpeted in light and moderation ideology.
The timing of the amended bill will be embarrassing for a Musharraf who is touring Europe and the US.
Pakistan's Western allies have pressured General Musharraf to improve the right situation in his country,
especially for women.
Good luck.
Who do they?
There you go.
These are our allies.
These are our good buddies.
Remember how they were screaming off the Taliban and how they repressed women and they handed dress up with the burkas and the jerks and all that other stuff?
And how the men had a shave their beard to win?
They couldn't listen to music, all this other stuff?
Mm-hmm.
Sure make some a lot to them from those packies, doesn't it?
Sure.
And those Saudis, not to mention that.
Well, 1287 votes.
We got 13 number to look.
In fact, I think I can go back to bed now.
I'm all done.
My, my, my, my, my, where is that?
I've already said that one day my work is done.
We got some music.
I don't want to play no music, man.
I want to, I want to, I want to, I want to, I want to, I want to know this.
Don't there, it's like that.
Well, that sounded like something from those old 40s, you know it.
30s, as a matter of fact.
Wow.
29 to 38 with the range of this stuff.
I'm 29, 19, 19, 19, even before I was born.
Got a vocal horizon.
He calls this collection about 30s, man.
Oh!
Oh!
Excellent. Good timing.
Man.
See, the problem is, remember that we're talking about they're going to make a Godfather four and a seven.
Yeah.
And whatever.
For what? Everybody's been killed off already.
Right, they couldn't do a part three right, so just stop.
Who, who that was left alive at the end of Godfather three, not Michael, right?
Not Mary with the shot.
Damn!
Oh, sorry.
Uh, K, K was still around.
Sure.
Not Frato.
He went out fishing.
I guess it was just Andy Garcia.
Was it Vincent?
Oh, Vincent, yeah.
Yeah, that's him.
Didn't Tom McLean then do a song about him?
A lot of people think was about Vincent Van Gogh, but was about Vincent Corleone.
What was it called?
Two of Lance Armstrong's former teammates said they used a performance-enhancing drug.
When they were getting ready for the 1999 Twitter France to go into a newspaper report, why does anybody care about this?
I don't know.
Isn't that one of the things that really just amazed me is that all the news and all the crap that they put on TV and the newspapers and even on the internet?
And then you look at it and you think yourself, why does anybody care about this?
You know, I mean, I could understand why people care about who's got the biggest ass.
Right.
The best ass.
I sent you a picture of Vita Garrett, by the way.
Vita, I can see what all the crap up there.
Why do I have to see all these asses?
I've seen a few asses in my time.
I'm sure you haven't seen that.
I've worked with many of you.
I think you got one.
They're the sales managers in ass.
Well, he really, he just, you know, I don't cotton to that.
You know what I'm saying?
Whether it's from North Carolina, Tennessee, I just don't cotton to that kind of life in the neighborhood.
You know what I'm trying to do?
I don't need to work.
I get paid for whether I do it or not.
You know what I'm saying?
I know.
That's part of my deal.
So I would prefer not to do any spots.
How's that Chris?
I'll just stop doing spots.
You just pay me for 16 a day and I'll just stop doing them.
That's all.
Maniac.
Frankie Andrew, a 39 year old former team captain, another teammate who requested end in the mid-weekly,
because she still works in cycling, told him they were times the USEPO in preparation for the 99 race,
when Armstrong won the first of his seven titles in cycling's biggest race.
Who cares?
Now what is the EPO?
Anybody know what that is, Josh?
I don't know.
No, I have no environmental protection organization.
Andrew O'Seddy took EPO for a few races and admittedly he was now because he's worried
he's worried doping is having a negative effect on the sport.
Neither of the teammates ever had a positive test for performing a sense and a hensy drug.
Most of them never saw Armstrong take any band substances as his.
Anybody care about cycling?
No.
I mean, then that's a sport.
That's a sport.
Like some little kid is out there on his tricycle, is that a sport?
I have somebody watching it, yeah.
I guess.
And only if they're paying to watch it.
I guess they don't pay the, do they pay to watch, I guess they pay to watch golf tournaments too, huh?
Yeah.
Do the people with mission to go there and stay there?
Of course they do.
Yeah.
Oh my god.
People like to go to watch that crap.
Watch people play golf.
I'm also approaching to bring now.
Oh my god.
That is pathetic.
Talk about.
I have no life.
I'm not really sure.
Watching people play cars or going or actually going out.
I mean, you can turn your TV on and off.
That's bad enough, you know, that's same.
But actually getting up and getting in the car or getting in a cab or slipping somehow
to watch other people play golf.
That is really just incredible.
Oh, but Tiger is playing and Mike Weir, the Canadian, the Who Careers, you know.
By the way, I sing.
EPO boosts your endurance.
I'd pronounce it for you, but I can't.
EPO?
Yeah, just keep it at EPO.
Booster endurance?
That's what it does, though.
It's in legal substance.
Thank god Lance Armstrong never took it.
The biggest name.
You don't mess with talent.
You don't care.
You don't care.
You don't care.
You don't care.
You don't care.
You don't care.
Thank you.
I wrote basically all the songs in the album.
And eight songs have got four to the song, Fat Joe, Jetta Kess.
And it's just a really fun album and it expresses me in who I am and it's cool.
The Careers' home or still one to ten is just like a well.
I'm being I'm making a crime.
By making a secret and you, that's why I tend to cry.
When I hear myself singing, in Hollywood is where my butcher me resides.
And I'm left to wireless, you can't break my side.
My lack of courage I know just can't be denied.
Who's got that song off for me now you decide, are you self-right?
You think I got telling you you're crazy, you think I got telling you you're blind?
I can't think I'm in a secret search of crime.
You think I'm in a party thinking I'm not being out of you right now.
I can't think I just can't be a search of crime.
Boy she had telling her what I'm not.
A search of crime.
Anyway she's out of her world.
Uh, I'm Paris Holton.
This is an excellent pull.
Thank you Steve.
And you know who we have in her comment a long time with the pulls.
What's it got to usually send us the pull?
Sean.
What happened Sean?
But Steve fills in the breach at least for tomorrow.
What person do you think sums up what America is today?
What a good question.
And Steve's got a list which I added a couple two.
Katie Kurek.
Paris Holton speak of the devil.
P. Diddy.
Now what do we call him now besides Jackass?
T.O.
And of course if they don't know who T.O. is then they shouldn't be voting on anyway.
So you're a fall well I added Pat Robertson.
Of course.
Fuck.
George W. Bush and Donald Trump.
Did not a good selection to start with.
Uh-huh.
Thank you Steve.
Excellent job.
By the way, I asked George this before the show today about whatever happened.
There's never any follow up.
You know you hear a story or you read about the papers.
Right.
There was that story about that schmuck that one thought he won.
A quarter of a million dollars if the was at the hard rock right?
Right.
The seminal hard rock and he thought he won 250 grand.
And they came and they wind and dined and paraded him around.
They took his picture and they gave him the ceremonial of Mick Believe,
checking O250,000 and come to fight out that hours later, many, many hours later,
they called him into the orifice and they said, oh, it was a technical error.
It was a glitch and you didn't do anything.
Yeah.
It's like I'm waiting to find out what the follow up is.
Right.
He supposedly hired a lawyer and that's it.
That's what we heard.
And that's it.
I would sue their ass for millions.
Just for the aggression, just for the grief, I would sue their ass man.
I would nail their ugly asses to the wall.
Wouldn't you?
Or at least scalp them.
No, no.
Seriously, if somebody came and actually said to you, you won the quarter of a 50 and they'd go through the whole ceremonial thing.
And of course we have to check it out.
First of all, what I don't understand, it wasn't in a slot machine either.
It wasn't a swipe your card thing, kind of deal.
Right.
So how much is to go wrong with that?
I mean, slot machines are very complicated.
Have you ever looked in the insides of a slot machine?
Not lately, no.
Not necessarily.
I imagine it's complicated.
There's all kinds of computer boards and this and wires hanging.
And it's complicated.
But how complicated can be a swipe and wipe thing, you know?
There you go.
He swiped and they wiped.
They wiped the floor with his ass, I guess.
I'd like to find out more about what happened when I forgot.
I'm going to go to a bathroom that guy and I'll split it with him.
Then actually I was able to get 200 bucks.
One that's 100?
And a $250, that's $200 of...
You get a $250 meal coupon, right?
$250 of, you know, monopoly money and a coupon.
$50.
Wow.
Restaurant coupon.
Then that's because they were pacifying him.
So we had something you knew while they were checking this all out.
Before they took him to the room and said,
sorry, bad mistake.
You didn't win anything.
I was throwing a fit, man.
I would have carried on like the world was coming to an end.
That's right.
I would have been smitten blood.
But nevertheless, remember we had the story yesterday about...
I always like to follow up on things.
And to follow up on a story is nothing.
It's just like Coshan Reliefy.
Police investigating the death of Anne and Nicole Smith.
You see there's the kind of person that we care about.
Twenty-year-old sons that they have no evidence that he suffered a heart attack
where that drugs were involved.
The cause of this, that remains under investigation as of this moment.
Then I saw Guardian citing unidentified sources reported yesterday
that Daniel Wayne Smith had died of a heart attack.
Today, the newspaper said that a preliminary investigation found that he had antidepressants in his system
had said it sources close to the case.
Antidepressants.
Or you'd know more about drugs than I would.
Like what?
What about it?
You know, like what antidepressants would he have had maybe?
Oh, I don't know, but remember with the problem with a lot of these antidepressants
is that people keep killing themselves on them,
so apparently they don't work so well.
Oh, well, you're not depressed anymore.
Yeah.
Regional Ferguson, assistant commissioner of the Royal Bahamian Police Forces,
Mr. Reports, that's just talk.
We have no evidence at this time to suggest that.
That he had any drugs.
Earlier, the commissioner told people in the magazine there was no evidence at this time.
You know, man, it suffered a heart attack.
He just died, you know, 20 years old.
That's kind of common, isn't it?
Sure.
All the time.
Smith died Saturday while visiting his celebrity mother in the hospital three days after she gave birth to a girl.
I think that's what it's all about.
I think it was like an ego thing, you know.
The body was identified the more Monday by Smith's lawyer Howard Case Stern.
I'm just reading that.
I just like reading that name.
Howard Stern, who is also having arrangements for the funeral home.
I'm going to tell you something.
I was thinking about this yesterday while I had my TV on and I was in the kitchen.
And I was spitting blood, but she's been a lot of blood up these days,
because Wolf Blitzkrieg was on there.
He was dovin' back and forth by, well, how the hell did whatever he was doing?
In fact, I think he was rubbing his tits together.
Oh, no.
And I was thinking if anybody deserves to get Stern,
remember I told you about that day a month or two ago?
That was before I found out what a far-bison he was.
But somebody called in and Stern, him.
I'm trying to remember what the hell that was all about.
It was about some murder case.
Yeah.
Oh, I know what it was.
It was about the job and anything.
That's right.
Remember when they were John Mark Carringness to death?
Which, you know, we don't hear anything about that.
Oh, you know what I mean?
That was embarrassing, you know.
And anyway, so they put this woman on the phone.
And they tell, oh, I know what Wolf Blitzkrieg goes breathlessly to her and puts her on here.
And she's got information and she knew John Mark Carringness, Alabama.
And she starts in and she says, well, John told me privately that Howard Stern told him to kill John Bene.
And so, of course, they cut her off.
Of course, they go through this long, ponderous thing about, well, we've been what they call the business Stern.
And that was when Howard Stern, I think that all Howard Sterns people ought to call Wolf Blitzkrieg,
with fake calls every day because he's an idiot.
He's a total foamy man and doesn't belong on it pretending to be a news person.
Now, that's a new deal now with these news readers.
They're like injecting their opinions.
Like there was some bitch on MSNBC the other day.
And I'm trying to forget what they were talking about.
Something to have been done over the weekend.
And one of the so-called pundits comes on there and makes them kind of a stupid statement.
And she says, oh, I would attend to agree with that.
Well, who cares whether you agree with her or not?
You're just a news reader, bitch.
What the hell are you giving your opinions for?
You slut?
Man, I can't.
One of those dumb bimboes that they have on a weekend, you know, on MSNBC,
that seems to be their speciality.
They put a dumb bimbo on it.
I can't stand that slut.
That's what I was thinking.
I want to speak to an idiot.
There's Tony Snow.
What offensive?
How about we're training a rocky troop so that they can defend themselves?
Well, if his voice get any higher, man, he starts sounding like,
just like that.
The biggest name.
So best talent.
This is Neil Roger.
Lots of scholars, radio five-sixty, shoot eight.
Man, bitch, I f***ed him out!
Oh, I'm Mary Cheney.
I think Cheney's gonna be a guy.
And the most famous one, be a titan on a Roosevelt.
All right, now we're basically simple heated.
I'm here to tell you about diesel power.
Now, I'll turn it into an energy source to help increase our deep tendency on the Middle East oil.
So, China can buy people on our prices as well.
And the business and business ones have energy after being able to buy exactly used equipment oil at least.
So, and then say that he's the oil we have around the house.
Maybe oil, okay, why do we lose it?
I think it's a good idea to buy oil from a dude again.
And it's unripe.
For the world instead, there is a famous and almighty say in the day.
There's buying oil, saving the price.
And it's going to make your clients as a brother.
But it's a good thing.
And I'm issuing a direct deal to whoever deserves a bestie.
And the choice been shot.
Diesel power.
There you go right from the second family.
1325 votes on the pool.
Honey like that.
16 of them yesterday during the show.
And 1300 today.
Are you ready for that?
Not ready for it.
Let me back up.
Oh.
So, whatever happened with my question about that sales thing.
Oh.
Gary Loop.
Who the hell is Gary Loop?
I have no, I'm sure I'm pronouncing his name wrong.
Too bad.
I pronounced everything wrong here.
I butcher all of this.
And who gives a crap?
He's professor of history and adjunct professor of comparative religion at Tufts University.
Oh, God.
See how I get choked up about their religious crap?
Mm-hmm.
A third to half of Americans still in Sodom and I in 11.
The enduring power of ignorance and the need to fight it.
I'm not going to have time to read the whole thing.
And you're probably pretty pleased about that.
I'm talking about the audience.
Not you.
It was up to you.
I just sit here and read nonstop for the time of start until 2 o'clock.
Yeah.
Like that.
Just like John Madden.
Oh, it's big of John Madden.
I don't know if I guess you watched a little bit of it.
Josh, the Patriot Bill's game was bad as it was.
I didn't watch any of the games.
Oh, I know.
Who's doing that game?
Never would have to suffer through a horrible first half and go test nearly lost performance to a marginal team.
But Phil Sims was doing that game.
Oh, God.
Now, why do I deserve that?
First game of the season.
Why do I deserve a shot like that?
A shot in the ass.
Phil Sims.
There's not a color guy who does the NFL because now you got Phil Sims.
You got Chris Collinsworth and Joe Thysman, which is hurting.
They all just.
And Edden, who I used to like, who just is a motor mouth now, he must be getting fed by the word.
They must feed him based on how many times he speaks.
God, he just never showed up.
Well, let's see.
Here's the fact that it says unfortunately the guy that got screwed out of his money.
Now, see, I know that.
That was in the stories because he was.
Well, that's right.
He can't sue them.
That's what it is.
I'm glad that this facts your facts didn't because I'm thinking that I knew this, but I'd never dawned on me that you can't not only have the, well, the US courts have no jurisdiction because it's on Indian land.
If you're one of the Indian casinos and you're injured, you can't sue them over that either.
So that's another good reason not to go there.
Well, it was made believe slot machines.
And by the way, what are the real machines coming in?
You know, Fred Grim wrote that article weeks and weeks ago about how this whole slot machine thing was being held up in limbo.
Where is the follow up?
It wasn't even a, it wasn't even a new story.
It was in his column.
Where is the information?
You know, I feel like Patrick McGullen.
I feel like the prisoner.
Are you start with Mark Lindsay and the Raiders now at Indian Reservation?
Always knew you were.
That's not Mark Lindsay and the Raiders?
Yes, it is.
I can't even hear it.
We don't have a lot of Indians here.
Well, thank God for that.
We don't want to piss off the Indians.
So this guy came out, he hired a lawyer, but his options I guess are limited because it's on Indian and the US courts have no jurisdiction.
They can do whatever they want.
Like, you know, traveling all those cancer sticks with the worms and stuff like that.
Anyway, Gary Loop writes the catch of the Angus Reed Combed.com report was some Americans still in Hussein in I-11.
Some indeed, he says, as of September 2006, now this month.
Asked, do you think there is a link between Sodom Hussein and the 9-11 terrorist attacks?
46% of Americans said,
Italy and 50% said, no, 4% said, we don't know.
In other words, fully half of Americans linked Sodom with a 9-11 attack.
Pulled was taken September 1 through 5.
Of course, it's all in the wording of these questions.
There might have been a different result if the Poles would have asked.
You think still think there's a link between Sodom Hussein and the 9-11 terrorist attacks?
Or, given the fact that no express been able to establish any evidence for an operative relationship between Al-Qaeda and Saddam,
and then only people who never pay attention to the news think that anymore,
you still personally think that there's a link.
In other words, if you are more on, you know.
Anyway, the just published Angus Read Poles' second question,
do you think former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein was personally involved in the 9-11 terrorist attacks?
This is a significantly different question.
I can see why lots of people would believe there's some link between Sodom and 9-11.
I think about how students' process information and history classes is they prepare for exams.
Any historical synopsis of the past five years following 9-11,
will have to note that soon after the Al-Qaeda attacks,
the Bush administration started preparing to invade Iraq,
and if the U.S. President repeatedly linked 9-11 and the Iraqi President.
So, in that sense, yes, there is a link,
and any college freshman memorizing from you for a U.S. history test,
some 50 years from now will have reason to link in some way 9-11 in Sodom.
But the second question implicitly asked about responsibility about blame,
it is depressing to note that 43% of Americans pulled answered in the affirmative,
yes, a neural majority to the 52% who said no.
After all the facts that have come to light,
all the exposure that's been done, you can just hear the Neoconsci really
if there's extraordinary statement of manipulable or ignorance,
the power of Fox News, he says.
How do you like that?
I like it.
Not?
Pathetic.
Some are then a box of cracker jacks, man.
Speaking of cracker jacks, how about those Marlins?
We got more Marlins in Mets tonight.
Any interest?
No.
How about a little bit?
We had that, what was your name?
That picture no hitter?
Anabel.
Anabel?
What are you laughing about?
That's her name, man.
Anabel.
I got it.
What's her last name?
Sanchez.
Anabel Sanchez.
Oh, that's right, everybody's name Sanchez.
And Rodriguez and Schwartz.
C.
And how about that Jeff Kohnai, man?
He got that big hit the other day and they still came back in one of the 10th and that's old news that I was over the weekend.
I didn't see that.
And I'm probably one of the very few, you know.
Nobody pays any attention.
This is the hottest ticket in town at the freaking Marlins, man.
There are two games over 500 now, am I right?
You're right.
Two games over.
How far they back?
Two back of the Wild Card?
That's right.
Because I guess the powder isn't play a state.
So the picked up a half game?
Yes.
By smashing the Mets, smashing or blitter rating 16 to 5, like a gigantic juggernaut.
Like a powerhouse out of control just trashing and thrashing everything in their wake.
And does anybody care?
Does anybody show up at these games?
No.
No, about 3, 4,000 Mets fans and 2,000 so-called Marlins fans who at least showed up anyway.
Sure.
See, that's the point.
How can you be out of tension in a community that's dead as a doerning it, you know?
Walking death, walking and creeping, you can smell it all the way here.
In the biggest name, so best talent, justice, real Rodgers, 4th radio 560, QAM.
