That's a movie.
Quick crack in em knuckles.
So, for a day higher than a honey,
for six lots of honey,
open their news with the KELNUS R1.
They're not even lurking.
The plan isn't working.
Can't be Brian Williams and Charlie Gibson.
Ooh.
And for Katie Curry, can't get out of her own way.
And I bet she, sorry she left today.
The most people don't give a rat's ass anyway.
Right go like this.
They do as they please.
It's like a sunset calm.
And she acts like your mom.
Telling you all the things you did wrong.
She's your own her own way.
While laying, reading, saying.
But that's a good reason to write this here so.
And for Katie Curry, can't get out of her own way.
And I bet she, sorry she left today.
The most people don't give a rat's ass anyway.
Right go like this.
They do as they please.
WFDR is just making a rest in peace.
It no longer exists.
And it's the way it is this business.
They don't exist no more.
Or the colors have been taken by somebody in some other place that has nothing to do with like wherever the hell it used to be.
Like WFU1.
I bet you this is WFU1 now you think?
There has to be.
Let me stick it in here okay.
Oh come on you can do better now.
WFU1.
Ask to be low Ohio.
I'm 70 on the AM dial.
Are you excited?
No.
So I watched Spider-Man last night.
That was pretty good.
The first one.
And I watched the second one.
I don't watch it later today.
Maybe you want to get around with it.
It's better.
The second one is better?
Yeah.
It took it up on me.
I'm just devastated though.
I'm devastated.
Well maybe you'll watch him grow and develop in the movies there.
Does he grow and develop in the second part?
His story does yeah.
But that's all that grows and develops.
James Franco was in Spider-Man he plays Harry.
Which he is not Harry but nevertheless he was scrawny and ugly and very disappointing.
And the movie was great though.
Not great.
I give it like 8.
It was good.
It was alright.
I thought it was better and alright.
I thought it was pretty good.
You didn't like it?
You just thought I liked it.
I just thought.
I liked how many we were eating that much.
Who was pretty good in this because he didn't have to act.
No.
He did not have to act.
Walked around.
I got on the phone and called Geico.
Yeah.
Well.
Hey.
How's it going?
After a few days I had my repair check.
It was fantastic.
Yeah.
I got the check.
Got the coffee.
It was perfect.
Thanks.
Thanks for the food.
You can't write.
Geico.
Real service.
Real saving.
It was perfect.
Well happy birthday to you.
It's not as birthday.
That was birthday.
He was born in 1969, Verne Troyer.
I don't really care about that or about him to be honest with you.
But he was born in Sturgis, Michigan.
I worked there.
How do you like that?
At WSTR.
1966.
40 years ago.
Got him.
I old.
Am I older?
Yeah.
That's something else.
Well, it's a term.
Yeah.
But how many other people would you like run into somebody famous like Verne Troyer was born in Sturgis,
Michigan?
Right by the Michigan Indiana border.
And I lived like a mile from the radio station right across the border in how Indiana.
How?
Now, George Clooney is the number one man's man according to a list compiled by AskMan.com.
Oh boy.
Well, what does that really mean, man's man?
Why, okay.
A lot of things to a lot of people.
It could mean that.
And of course, if you're gay, I don't think you got the hospital for George Clooney unless you got bad eyesight.
Good.
God.
You asked when it tops the web's list of what it calls the 49 best representatives of the male gender.
I mean, what does that mean?
The 49 best representatives of the male gender.
Rapmobile J.Z.
Adventure entrepreneur Richard Branson, cyclist Lance Armstrong, designer Tom Ford,
make up the rest of the top five.
See, if you were to ask me, the 49 best representatives, and I don't have the whole list,
you can get it on their website, AskMan.com, but I want to go through the whole thing.
Wouldn't you think Tom Brady would be on it list somewhere?
Okay.
It's one of the best representatives of the male gender in terms of looks,
and ability, and the money, and fame, and all of the accomplishments.
Wouldn't you think that?
Okay.
You can judge me go along with that.
Yeah.
Or not.
Whatever.
Now, you saw Spider-Man, right?
I saw a bolt of the end.
And thought it was pretty good.
Very good.
It's not good.
I thought it was great.
Like I said, not great.
I enjoyed it more than the beginning especially, boy.
Take some notos in the beginning.
Yeah.
The first 20 minutes were so really drag.
Oh, it is so.
Boy, you have to talk to myself.
Why did George do this to me?
Why did he make me watch?
You have to introduce the number.
I don't know how, probably James Franco wasn't that movie.
I mean, he could have used like some lipstick or something.
Look, I had pale lips and skinny feet of a sandwich or something.
Or something.
And of course, this is very much like, I never, I never read the comic book Spider-Man.
I was never into that at all.
I like plastic man.
plastic man was good.
And plastic man was great.
I think I thought the comics were very funny.
So I never really was into Spider-Man at all.
Everybody.
Everybody.
I remember the similarities between this and Superman the story.
I mean, especially, smallville.
Why so smallville on the planes, man?
In fact, coming back from where it down there, it was small.
It was small.
Actually, Tom Welling had like, swelled up like,
hope he didn't worry about it, I just have to get to the spider-bite in the movie.
And all of a sudden he bulks up miraculously.
Tom Swelling.
Hey, if Tom Swelling, I want to see that.
Oh, thugs, there's one for the pool today.
Okay, we'll get to the pool in a minute.
Just relax.
I just thought this is kind of another bizarre pool.
Oh, the list will be posted tomorrow.
Or no Tuesday, I'd say that's today, isn't it?
A Bill Clinton was number 10.
Tiger Woods 13.
Travel Show host Anthony Bourdain was 19th on the list and never heard of him.
Rocker Bono was 27th.
Oh, please, cracker, please.
Apple co-founder Steve Jobs was 29th.
And director Martin Scorsese was 46th.
Entourage star Jeremy Piven ranked 49th.
I never heard of Jeremy Piven, did you?
Yeah, I don't watch that show, but I'm aware of that.
But when you go to the website, askman.com.
It shows you one by one.
You have to go through the whole list.
And so that's the one that pops up first.
It goes to 49th and it goes backwards.
And it gives you a little icon or you can click on.
Shooting me, you think he ought to be rated higher or lower.
And I took a look at him, not to click lower, immediately.
Thugs, you want to put thugs on there?
We did.
He did.
No.
Okay, here's the poll from yesterday.
Someone or something you would never listen to.
By the way, Joe Bell was in this morning and gave George a big kiss a little tongue.
That's right.
That's right.
He didn't say anything about the rest of the day, part, didn't he?
That's right.
No.
He said, all you other guys, you're all fired.
Something or someone you would never listen to on radio.
Religious program, 574.
That's because we got a bunch of heathens out there who were not part of this religious fundamentalist Getsky crowd.
Thank God for that.
Thank God.
I think we heard you say it.
Thank God.
We caught you.
Rush Limbaugh, 374.
Pop a couple more, Rush.
Hip-hop music, 192.
Bill O'Riley, 158.
For his radio show is the best kept secret in the history.
It is.
He still got like a 0.0.
Oh, George Rodriguez.
Oh my God, you still have a lot of that top five spot.
You got to be proud of that.
Bill Rogers.
Good.
George Rodriguez.
I'm getting two for George.
They would never listen to you.
That's what they say, but they were their horse.
Country music, 66.
Sports talk, 61.
Scar America, 39.
I hate this poll, only 37.
2.2% got a 2.2 on that.
Jazz 19, Classical Music 19.
Neil Rogers, Lucky 13.
Good enough for Dan Marino and Matt Sandita.
It's good enough for me, 13.
They would never listen.
See, these are people listening right now, but they just try to like bust my balls.
Like, I really care about that.
Matt Rudge, 12, and public radio, way down here in the bottom only four.
Because just like George, they're glued into public radio.
I haven't listened to it in months ever since I got a whole bunch of new CDs from fine listeners in our audience.
Really?
Yeah.
I know who you like most on it.
They're right for me.
Yeah.
That's all I've got.
Parents need some serious assistance.
And of course, I've been the hockey mv.
And I should have noticed this yesterday.
When I read Panthers at Washington, I knew that was rumbed.
I just forgot who the hell they were playing.
I knew it was a home game.
He's got the whole panther.
Where your panther station?
If I was there.
If I was one of the panthers that come there and high-stick him right now, turns.
Do you think?
It's spirit.
He's got the whole schedule wrong all week.
He finally corrected Friday.
He had a Phantom game.
He had a Panthread Asian in a row, which no NHL team plays three games in a row.
He had a plan to flyers in Philly on Friday, which that's again doesn't even exist.
He's also got them playing arrangers on Wednesday in New York and on Thursday in New York.
Well, guess what?
They play the arrangers on Wednesday in the Devils in Jersey on Thursday.
I had a look up the schedule to correct all this because he's got...
He had the Panthers at Washington last night, which it was Atlanta at the Infocenter right there in sunrise.
And Atlanta beat him six to three by the way, but nevertheless.
I mean, Clara, we're supposed to be the Panthor station.
You can't even get the schedule even close, even close to being right.
That's how much of his time I guess he's spending looking for another line of work more suited to his ability.
Which anything that has to do with radio is out of the question.
Should have forgotten me all worked up when Joe was in the record going off on a rant.
Yeah, that's right.
Looks at point. You know, he's a good guy. He means well. He's in it. But he means well.
And Clara is well, just the in it part.
Provinous past 10 at 560 WDQM, happy Tuesday to able to get to this pull momentarily.
And of course, very jackass is that the Rod can't stay the types out of...
We got to lay low on UM. We should be like, Lee and I, you know, I'll screw you, Barry.
And your mama too.
What's in the brown bag? What's in the sack for lunch today, Barry?
You're quizzling.
You're frory.
Hey, good news. It's Donald McPherson's birthday. And guess what?
About third, man.
Oh, you wouldn't be cute if I could find that damn thing again.
I probably won't though. What's that?
Paul Geico.
Yeah.
Well, hey, how's it going?
After a few days I had my repair check. It was fantastic.
Yeah, I got the check. Got the car.
Please, come here and play.
Hey, it's the 30th birthday of Donald McPherson.
Look what he did.
He was born in Sturgis, Michigan. That is shocking.
They had a, they had a bowling alley where they had a restaurant in there, you know?
Sure. And they had the best clam chowder in history.
Some days when we would go to lunch, I would get like two bowls of chowder.
Would you know what I said?
Hey, good to work.
Huh?
What a big goal, too.
Yeah, well, but that would be the whole lunch.
What do you got fat?
Schmuck.
To celebrate Donald McPherson's Simmons are offering the lowest price of the year on the best selling Simmons VDR's pillow top.
You can choose from soft lures as biggest selection of Simmons VDR's with same-day delivery like always.
And if you're finally ready for a good night's sleep, it's about time you picked up that phone and did this smart thing.
Like I've been doing for years.
Called Donald McPherson 1-800-Metris for factory direct prices in the world-winning service.
No nonsense, no BS, no reboss, no off brands, and nobody ever heard of.
Donald McPherson got 12 month financing and with your Donald McPherson, all you do is pick the date and time you want that new mattress delivered and they show up on time.
Seven days a week, 80-end to 10pm, you picked it to our window like noon to 2, 1-3, etc. and they're there.
Even the very same day that you call, in other words, if you call right now, you can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight.
That's why Donald McPherson's rank number won a customer satisfaction and why just about everybody with half a brain of QM uses Donald McPherson, even people with lots of numbers.
On the web you can check them out at matris.com or better yet, pick up that phone right now and call 1-800-Metris, 1-800-MATTRES.
Leave off the last S because it stands for sensational, stupendous, savings and of course, spokesman.
The biggest name, so best talent, the best is Neil Rogers, Force Radio 560, QAM.
Beyond God.
I was in front of you, dear, if you're young, you lose up at the tamer egg blues.
All the hurt you gave was, hey, guess that hell out of my way.
Get up, oh my god, three pineapple scraps.
I got the tamer egg blues.
I take the tip, run me to my friends, if you're not this near the end.
Between commercial and with business, you get the tamer egg blues.
Number one, nice guy, the radio range.
Real Marshall, they just looked up WMRR, which was in Marshall, Michigan, I worked there in 1965 with Johnny Meater.
And now it's a 107.1 WMRR, I have no idea where, maybe I'll just click on it, 101.7 WMRR.
I think it's in Fully, I do believe.
I was at the same Bill Marshall or Campy, can it?
I don't know.
Joey Reynolds left hand in right hand and, uh, what do I think he's dead?
Who Joey?
Bill Marshall.
How could you tell?
Let's see, who do 101.7?
What, they got a pretty nice website.
Boy, it turned nicer than the QM website.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Josh is working feverishly to improve that QM website.
He realizes that was really a piece of crap.
That's because he got off of that thing for a long time, right?
Right?
And once he left it, they just kind of like the schedule that parents can't even make up right with all these wrong hockey games.
Panthers had washed in my ass last night.
What is that all about?
And I knew that that way.
I knew they were home.
I just forgot who they were playing.
So I just kind of let it slide.
I should have ripped them in ass.
But then again, he's got those numbers to deal with.
What's this thing?
What?
A funny thing.
Bill Marshall.
Oh, crap.
For any of the real radio groupies, remember who he used to be on with?
I am that hemorrhoid on the Joey Reynolds show.
In fact, Joey couldn't even open his own microphone.
He couldn't, he just couldn't hit the button to just turn the mic on.
So Joey used to have to hit, uh, Bill, he used to have to hit Joey's buttons.
And you actually had to board out that show a couple of times.
Yeah.
Uh, more than a couple.
It was pretty brutal.
Bill Marshall played the, uh, rim shots and things after Joey would crack it down.
Oh, no.
Oh, yeah.
No, no.
Horns.
The rim shots?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, wait.
Oh, like, yeah.
Joey would crack a lame joke until, like that.
Oh, I thought you meant like, the rimmer show.
Oh, yeah.
The rimmer.
What's this thing you just asked me?
First here's today's pool.
Okay, so you got me all out of order now.
It's all, and it's all because I'm so depressed about James Frank.
I'll take you one thing on my wallpaper here on my, on my, uh, computer.
He looks pretty good.
Oh, maybe he put you up.
If you never watched you have Christmas and his old, if you'd ever get around a watch in it, I will.
Do you want to know all these faxes coming into your city?
I don't know.
Another choice for today's pool.
No worse than the rest.
No, I don't think so.
Well, what does that mean?
No worse than the rest.
That's lame.
Don't you think?
Or, aren't they all thugs?
No.
Are all football teams?
Hurricane football has got a long history of thuggery and they're like, you know, you know, you don't know that.
Even, you know, the gangs, the canes and the fiesta bowl in Jimmy Johnson.
And, and of course, now that we got this old coup there, the coach Larry Coker,
we're just turned 100.
Everyone wants to fire his ass.
What are they going to fire him already, Josh?
Probably after this year.
If they lose another game, man, how many more girls teams have got on the schedule?
What are you just squeaked by Duke?
Now, how long has that suspension for those 18 players just the one game?
Yeah, it's just one game.
Ah, come on, come on.
Let's get serious.
Duke has won a game since Jesus was an infant.
That's how it went along.
And Duke, they had a chance to win there.
I'm told right at the end of the game.
I didn't see none of it.
I'm going to be part of that crap.
Yeah, they were about to score, but the canes picked it off.
They picked it.
921 votes on the pool already will have over 1000 again by 11 or there surely thereafter.
By the way, here's the schedule today.
We got mad dog at two.
I want everybody to be sure and listen to the rest of the schedule because I don't want it.
We don't want to be the fall guys again.
Every time we do well and the rest of the station sucks in ratings, I get blamed for it.
Well, if Neil were just being more supportive, I'd like Kenny Walker and an ever late eyes on him.
I have no idea who he is, but it sounds like somebody belongs on a year.
He's at least a blog cast.
Right?
And I like Bo Camp or two.
He don't belong on a year, but I like him, okay?
He's boring.
But anyway, we got the Kenny and Bo Morning Show 7 to 10.
Mad Dog at two.
The power hour with Hank and a Mad Dog between four and five.
Now, that ought to be kicking ass.
Are we getting the hourlies today from a clearance of anybody?
I mean, from the summer book enough from one that was a hundred years ago?
Oh.
A Humper solo between five and seven.
If I were Hank, I'd be getting a lot more work on ESPN.
Hurricane Hotline and Game Workshop since that place, seven and nine.
The beast at Game Workshop, seven and nine.
The beast at Game Workshop, nine and ten.
Oh, it's hurricane stuff.
Well, that's good timing on the pool, Neil.
You must have been psychic.
Eddie K. Attenticoris.
Eddie is always rock solid.
He's always right there.
921 votes.
Which best describes the UN football program?
Of no interest to me, 333.
That's exactly what I voted for.
235.
I think he voted two more times just now.
A disgrace, 235.
Dynasty, 105.
A joke, 104.
I hit this pool of 56.
5.9%.
Exciting.
Oh, those canes, man.
43.
Boring, 42.
And thugs.
We just put it on.
It's already got 14.
Thugs.
Which is shorthand for saying that.
Hurricane.
Inblow.
What's this thing you just asked me about Geogard dismissed after religion wedges for inmate?
It's about time they cracked down on wedges.
It says a martin county Geogard has been dismissed following reports he improperly touched
inmates, administering a wedges strong enough to break one's inmate's underwear according to
investigatory documents.
Investigatory documents.
Where now this come from?
From Ed and for a lot of day, thanks a lot for the big news, Ed.
It says, sure, Robert Crowdy terminated deputy Vincent.
This has got a lion's shirt.
I can't read the name.
Colazo.
Terminated is inplement for a variety of schoolboy hijinks, amounting to a violation of the code of ethics
for public officers and employees.
Accordingly recently released report, well, you know, schoolboy hijinks, the fact of the matter is there are a lot of
guys who never grow up.
Am I right?
Right.
And of course, then they become latest in the sports radio.
Oh, just thanks me this thing.
I know we got a 7-3.
I just send the check clearance.
Okay.
Where we know what we got?
It's got the graph of the hour by hour.
Now actually I may be able to figure out the hour by hour if I could read it out can't know, because this doesn't have shares.
Oh, yeah, it does.
This is it, isn't it?
No.
I was looking at the graph with the big fingers sticking up in the middle.
I think that's Car
speaking of the middle.
I wish we could put this on the website.
I think we can.
One to five a.m. we got a 0.9%.
Well, that's that crappy put on there which used to be sporting news radio and how it's the SPN radio.
Did other guys went belly up or something?
Did they?
Yes.
Sporting news radio.
They went belly up.
So we got a 0.95 to 8 in the morning or 5 to 6.
And I see there's another typo.
It says 5 to 8.
I'm sure.
But since they 5 to 6 we got a 1.
That's the big rock saw who really takes himself very seriously.
He's the only one who does obviously because 6 o'clock he's got a 1.1.
Then the end of this is this is the summer book in men.
7 to 10 we got 2, 3 and 2, 4 and a 2, 2.
I mean, not the good at least it's consistent.
We go from a 2.2 share at 9 to a 7.10.
How do you like that?
Then an 8.1 at 11.
A new and new and a 1.
We got a 6.7, 1 to 2, a 7.4, 2 to 3 at 2, 4, which may not sound like much, but it's
sure better than the ones we were doing there when we hit certain people on there.
You know, doing 2 to 4.
And that's because the mad dog, a month of this is the mad dog.
2 to 3 we got a 2, 4 then 3 to 4 pretty weak of 1, 9.
And then 4 o'clock the humber comes down.
You know what that probably is?
I don't know what that is.
It sucks.
7 to 8 we got a 2.
Well this is a little Marlon stuff.
8 to 9, 2 to 7, 9 to 10 to 1, 8.
10 o'clock we got a 4.8.
See, 80 Kate comes on and it goes zooming up there.
11 o'clock we got a 5.8.
And midnight to 1 in the morning or 5.7.
So, Eddie is the only guy in the station besides us that breaks a 3 share anywhere.
He breaks it.
Yeah, the cracks are 3.
Isn't that amazing?
Oh no.
Woo!
I never got back to my weight you share.
Well, I'll save it for a second.
So there you go.
There's the hourlies for those who keep track of all those ratings man.
Now what is the new morning show starting?
What do you think that's going to happen?
At which station?
Oh, any anyone.
Don't know.
Let's see.
It's today that the steering door is tomorrow and the third day isn't it?
The steering is doing the free me thing?
Boy, you're the only one promoting the list have.
I beg your pardon?
I don't hear anybody talking about that.
Eric Mancow, Muller, is lost as LA affiliate but picks up new three new markets.
What did you send me this?
Because it might have to do with this market.
Oh, on the newly flipped WMA and I'd like to talk about that yesterday.
Mancow 640.
According to want to be radio person Steve Laffa.
Hey Steve, you know, you're at the radio what turns into hemorrhage, you know?
Quit the crap.
Mancow, new affiliates for the mancow and the morning show.
That'd be good lead in for us.
But he's on WMAN.
Mancow 640.
That'd be a good station to be.
And as you were yet at station it gives listeners an alternative to political talk.
That was that mean.
I don't know.
Did they give you an alternative to sports talk?
I sure hope so.
28 past 10 at 5.60 WQM.
Here's an alternative to getting ripped off when you buy your new Sherry.
That is going to over and see my good buddies at Lou Vackro Chevrolet.
Man, you'll never get ripped off there.
I've been doing business with these people for over 20 years.
I've got about 4 billion cars from them.
In fact, what's upon a time the new Vets had just come out and remember this.
And Lou Vackro actually had the Furric 1st one and he let me buy it.
Because it was the color I wanted and it was the model and the whole deal, you know?
It was loaded.
And of course you know me in vents.
I love them like crazy.
Anyway, the service, the salespeople selection of cars at Lou Vackro are top notch.
Their unbeatable prices is what make them legendary, including with me.
And right now it's Lou Vackro's Chevrolet's race to a thousand.
For the first time in their history, they've got the largest selection to do and use cars including the hot new Vets,
trucks SUVs, minibans, anywhere around.
They've also got used cars starting at $39.95.
Every one of their used vehicles back by a Carfax guarantee too.
Lou Vackro is out to sell a thousand cars this month in the sting open until midnight every night to get to that thousand number.
Forget the price.
Make them an offer they can't refuse and they'll beat any deal.
That's for sure more money for your trade, zero percent financing.
Rebates up to six grand, whatever it takes, they'll put you in a car your choice.
Only at Lou Vackro, Chevrolet, two locations for you.
They're in pomp at a beach of quarter mile west of I-95 and they're in coconut creek on 441 just south of the Saugrass Expressway.
Don't forget their sting open until midnight every night.
So get your answer with Lou Vackro right now and get the best deal you ever heard of in your life on a great new Chevy or check them on the wicked web.
And Lou Vackro that's VACHRODT, LouVackro.com.
The biggest name of the best talents in this is Neil Rogers, 440560.
You A.
Neil.
Yeah!
In music stores now, George Boy is saying, so be sure to sell.
You know, I'm leaving the money.
You know, not just anybody.
No, no, no, no.
I've heard about the first time I have his stint in his life, right?
I do much more to say his little beagles.
Abu Gaur, Abu Abu Abu Gaur, Abu Abu Gaur, well I've tried more like those boys.
I shall hold his track between Linda and the Cardinals.
No, no, no, no.
You're in full an end with everything.
No, no, no, no.
So this is really something to say, and of course they obviously sent this along so that we would put it on the area, you know?
OK.
Everybody wants to use this show to promote the other stations in town.
What's your smile with me?
I never worry about that.
Who cares?
Now how come we didn't get to the Aman Cow Madhouse?
That's the sports show.
Oh, that's right. I forgot about that. If we could just have like 15 more stations doing sports talk
You can just imagine how many more people will be attracted to sports talk
So that's like to a station quadruple our numbers. Can we get back to the way you guys could wait?
Sheriff Crowder takes seriously any code of ethics charge very seriously. This is in steward by the way
Because that's where the public trust comes in sheriff spokeswoman
Lieutenant Genelle Atlas said last Thursday and makes our public our the public and we're supposed to
Have them as well. Among other mischief Kalasso reportedly gave Jerome Turner three pair of underwear in scrap with the name
It sounds like a salacious request
Kalasso or is that kai also has got an L. Or an Ion it. I can't read this bad copy
Reportally destroyed Turner's underwear when he grabbed him some time in May
Deputy Katsuo snuck up behind Jerome Turner grab his underwear and proceeded to pull them up in a wadji hard enough to rip them in
Made Dale Nielsen wrote in the statement committed June 20 other inmates
St. Miss also alleged that Kalasso or whatever describes name is had a pension for grabbing buttocks and twisting nipples
Right, so many are like that. I hate that
But the deputies done a lot of unusual things I've seen with my own eyes turn to rotin his own statement data June 20th
Katsuo's employment benefits life and health insurance and uniform were cut off September 30th
He can appeal Crowder's decision to the deputies union
The rest of that that's he shouldn't be a Yanke on the nipples and butts stuff like that. No
961 votes on the pool 20 state hurricanes are thugs
Boy, this is I'm gonna treasure this with this big finger stuck on it
But we don't have the man cows eliton. I bet you they get a number on this station. I just googled 640
WM a n. Yeah, so I guess the station in Columbus, Ohio must either change their callators or format or something because the only one I find is in
Columbus, Ohio WM a n it's good callators
Yeah, man man talk. Yeah, there 640 WM a n all right when I was this gonna start
See nothing here Steve Lapis says man cows the perfectly off to an issue oriented station that gives listeners an alternative to political talk
Boy, I'm scared now
Whoo, what are we gonna do?
Let's ring our hands and we're well, what are we gonna do?
What are we gonna do now that they got a another station on there a man's the real man show
Not some fat you're fat some old fat fat. That's only over James Franco who don't look that good anyway. I don't you can do I'm embarrassed
I really am because usually my taste in you know in human flesh is impeccable and then when I see him in that spider man looking
Scrawney and I wouldn't give him I wouldn't touch him with your tongue. I do like that. Well, thanks
965 votes on the pool will have that thousand by the end of the hour my phone is bringing or she
Me either means the book of Ryan disc is down there or maybe it's a your buddy calling again
With more information
Key largo. This is kind of an interesting story. I'm not like overwhelming leave what kind of amusing
Ray trucky junior and Lisa La Grassa. I wonder if she's related to
Jackie in grass. Our name is large grass. I wonder if she's can do emerald or legacy
They were fishing for hours didn't catch anything in key largo except the drowning dog
Motoring their 23-foot fishing boat earlier this month on Florida Bay the two hit something unusual turn about a check as we came back
Upon it. I realized there was a little fat dog said trucky of Manchester mass a little fat dog
It was having trouble keeping it set above water. It's big guys were looking at us
It was almost as if it was saying don't leave me here. Please the couple leaned over the boat
Made their own a catch of the day a five-year-old Karen Tarrier named Tigger the Key West citizen reported Monday
Tigger was apparently thrown from Diane and Richard Beckman's boat on their way from key largo to marathon evidently the dog today
What that was her name? Robert Reagan is one not only wood not only wood
Sorry Natalie. That's in bad taste the Beckman search fran. Who used to have a great Bob and Tom bit on
Italy would remember that about her washing or doing the wash or something like that
So remember that yep, how come we don't have Bob and Tom on anymore. I'm sorry
It's not a sports show. I know now I'm gonna get accused of picking on Kenny and I don't want to do that
It's your fault, you know playing George
I know sports guy if you if you even watch a ball game once in a while give it a chance to be in such a hard-ass
You know
Watch the hurricanes plug in some little girl school and get into a big brawl again
Well, I'll think I promised that kind of a performance every week that I'd be there
The Beckman search franically for two and a half hours no sign of the dog
We went back and forth back and forth Diane said
Finally we just gave up because we thought he couldn't have survived in the water for that long
I was just heartbroken. They thought he was dead
Since there was no answer with the homeless on Tigger's tag
Trucky and our grass had wrapped him off at the uppercase animal shelter
Diane was elated when she got homeless and we're messages
She went quickly to pick up Tigger
Maybe that was what my phone was ringing just now. Maybe it was about Tigger or maybe tiny made a comeback
But I doubted he didn't know me he was so terrified as soon as he realized it was me
He jumped in my arms and wouldn't let go she said he didn't know me
That's a pretty dumb dog, huh?
Or maybe he just don't like her maybe that's what it really is where he can't stand that bitch
Like maybe that's why he jumped overboard
Maybe that's what happened with Natalie Wood that's possible
She got sick and tired of Bob Wagner in his wooden personality
She got tired of his wood
One in five Americans believed the West is winning the war in Iraq according to a polar number is dropped by half since December
One in five
About the same number 18% believe in surgeons are winning but the majority 60% say no one is winning in Iraq
There are no winners in that fight that dog won't hunt
A pole of a yeah, that's another one that I'm expecting that a redneck
Expression that dog won't hunt like a Texas must be Texas because I've never heard it
Well, there's an old saying in Tennessee. I'm sure they have it up here too in Texas
That is fool me once
For he's just just hard to like that guy somebody I really like
And I know that Ventroy was born in Sturgis, Michigan
Yeah, he's a he's a hoot of course he didn't write the material
But it's just that you know being the magic that he is yeah, he's a magic
64% of this in the new pool of up opposed the war in Iraq
57% want the US to announce it'll pull out all troops by certain date like by tomorrow would be good
So we don't have any more dead people or wounded
dismembered and yadi yadi
So there you go. That's the way this on that
This is quite an article here XCIA and marine intelligence officers says 9 to 11 was an inside job
You don't think I would have read that to you would you just say I am all right and a new pool
Oh my god, they must be finding out that Charlie Christmas
Huh, which wouldn't make any difference except then good religious Bible thunders the people who wants to vote
In the wake of the mark fully business everybody in Florida wants to vote for a gay group in a twirl candidate for a gay
Goober and now Chris had a huge lead just remember that we could to a go whatever
And now it's like neck and neck nose to nose
Get in and hold it
Well
I don't want to do it on QAM
Look back back on again
I want what they had before
These are my kindling guys
When the hell they do it anyway
Took my family's out of the dives really gay
I want or a Chris for ghostly so real high
When I listen to the sports
A manly boys won't get my attention
But we'll really get me sent to the shorts
A squeaky high boys will get me another record
Shut up!
Well I hate to look for a new one on QAM
But then back it back on again
I'm going to miss here and straight then with voice this high
Now I'll ask the kept keeper in that closet again
So I could impress all the macho friends
The check out Chris more as I to help him pay the sign
Yeah
There ain't no like that
But macho sports guys and voices
Have some practice
They were well here
No
Can't be like that
Yes
Stand up real close to the radio
And press his arm
Get their voices out of there
Real as it's my fault
Stay still there
In that chrome man
He's smarter than my infrared brother
Yup
I'll cry
I'll see him no more
No more
1046 oh well
What's the story on that 640 the man talk
I'm actually that would no normal can't probably
You put Steve lap up to that maybe normal fasted
Supposedly it's supposed to be WMEN
Oh
Well didn't that fax A WMEN
That's a bad sign but you know
I should make him out things go
Well that was FMQB while I wouldn't make a mistake with it
Well let's see let me try it again
WMEN
Okay I'm Google it
And then the other side did you mean WMEN radio
No I don't mean that
I don't know if they exist yet do they
I guess not I don't know
Maybe the 205 I thought he would start giving some promotion
I just don't understand if man cow is like
You know expanding his indication
How come we didn't pick that up
What
I don't know what you're laughing about
We had a .9 in September man
We got to leave in from hell and both countries run around in the hallway
Out there bad mouthing us about how we're the anti-sports crew
We always talk nice about him and at Cal and front of university dives in me
Yeah
Trying to be good guys
Anyway Steve Watson on Prison Planet writes
XCIN Marine Intelligence Officer says
9-11 was an inside job
Oh no not more this conspiracy business
An important story that broke over the weekend
What'd you just fast me
Just a comment about that W-Whatever
This is exciting by the way that we can actually
Affection printings all at the same time
You just got to move it to your laps so you don't have to grow
And every time you get a fax
The website for the new 640 radio station is still
Oh it's
Oh W-J-N-A
This is a Palm Beach station
Get out of here
Miami Station
It says also I noticed there's another station on here
1080 W-T-P-S
W-T-P-S
It's another station that worked in the Kalamazoo man in Portage Michigan
All these call letter changes that keep moving around
Which appears to be Blacktalk radio
They have L-Sharpton on there
So now QM is not only losing their straight men
But also their black listeners
Sounds like a good time to sell
Haha
Aha, that must be from a Joel
Yes, tell this Joel
So you're
Welcome
If anybody's got some spirit change out there
All of the Joel said every time he stands up
Like my green the change falls out
An important story that broke over the weekend
And may not have been widely picked up
Was that another former US intelligence
And side-rejourned whistleblower
And concedes that the 9-letter attacks
Represent a Neo-conservative Neo-Nazi Kudotah
That sounds like something I've been saying
Huh
In a review of Webster Turplies 9-11 synthetic terror
Made in the USA for Amazon steel
For Amazon still contends that the book is the strongest of the
770 plus books I've reviewed
Webster Turplies 9-11 synthetic terror made in the USA
Steel goes on
And forced to include the 9-11 was that a minimum
Allowed to happen as a pretext for war
And I'm forced to include that there is sufficient evidence to indict
Not necessarily convict Carl Rowe,
Victch Chaining others
Of a Neo-conservative Neo-Nazi Kudotah
And kick off the clash of the civil-level civilizations
Most fascinatingly the author links Samuel Huntington
author of clash of civilizations with Leo Strauss
They're connecting Rob between Nazi fascist and the Neo-cons
Steel's biography is impressive
He was the second-ranking civilian in the US Marine Corps Intelligence from 1988 to 92
He's a former clandestine services case officer for the CIA
He's the founder and president of open source solutions Inc.
And is an acknowledged expert on computer and information vulnerabilities
Steel holds graduate degrees in international rare records on a 90 to this
But about but about me at a bad BM last week
There's another example of how far the 9-11 truth movement has come over the past year
Before the 2004 election steel advocated a re-election in George W. Bush
Given what he knows now, I don't think there would still be the case rights
This Steve Watson
Elementary Watson
Last month we highlighted how Bill Christians in a 28-year rule of 28-year C.I. career man
Former national intelligence officer and director of the CIA's office of regional and political analysis
Had gone public to say 9-11 was an inside job
He said along with 16-year C.I. veteran Ray McGovern
This trio have a combined total over 65 years in intelligence
It's safe to say they know a covert operation when they see one
Over the past couple of years we've seen a deluge of former government and intelligence agency insiders
To boldly go public with their doubts about the official story behind 9-11
This is very encouraging says Steve and since the president for future whistleblowers
Who might be considering the same course of action
How you like that?
Sure and sweet same course
That's so hard
There you go nice going to Lysha
You go girl
2007 votes already it's not even 10-51 yet
Just barely how do you like that?
I like it
So it's WMBN and WTPS and WSTR and WMRR and WGBS and WOFF and all this other crap
Like I said all your kids out there take your radio and put it in the toilet and flush it
When in doubt flush it out
How come we didn't get mancove
I don't know why you laugh every time I say that
Is Josh ticking you like with a feather now or something?
That's right it's a very long feather on a stick
Yeah I'll bet you know stick it
I don't get it
But I know that's WJ
So in other words WJNA
Let me Google that okay
Yeah
Because then see this is the one with JNA
Yeah I can't keep them to separate anymore in my head
That is exactly what I was just going to say that
640 WJNA let me put my glasses on so I can read this
See that it even changed their website
Oh look at this
Oh look at this
6am to noon mancove to get it on for six hours
What the hell is that all about
Whoever heard of a six hour show
Wow
Noon to three
Romi is back
Jim Romm
Oh if he can get the same one she already had before he'll be dangerous
Three to seven
Don and Mike
Don and Mike
Can you can you believe that?
I believe
Don and Mike
Uh
Blow
Seven to ten time don't like us
Oh
Talk about retreads
Ten at night to one in the morning it's rusty hump rees
And from one to four in the morning it's cammy Bruce
I bet you she's getting a Gary Bruce
On the air
Comment starting October 23rd
Well that was yesterday so they must be doing it right now
640
Too no but air guys and see what they're doing
And then let us know
Mancove must still be on right now
How can we have any audience if mancove is on from 6th and noon
But you ever heard him?
Yeah well we hear we I hear the bits
We played the bits and I've heard little snippets of the show
You snipped it?
Yeah
And is he funny?
His bits are funny I mean I'd give it a shot
We play lots of his funny bits
Well I give it a shot
How do you like that?
So Steve Laffa and Norm Ketter are getting together to try to stick it to a joe bell
It sounds like a real
And their signal is got like how many watts?
Yeah
Okay
I would say like
About 30 watts
30 watts
640 my ass
I mean are you kidding me?
That how many guys?
They roll me back under again
Another stupid ass for you
What is wrong with you Laffa?
I thought the thing before said an alternative
Uh huh
It's a political talk
Oh but not this fourth talk
Well who wants an alternative to that?
Well let me ask you this if that's what it's all about
How about them dolphin?
Oh
How about those canes?
Oh
How about those panthers?
Oh
Well I watched some of that game last night man
You could have gone bowling in that arena man
There was nobody there
And then when it got to be about five minutes left in the game
They they Van Moost out of there like here
There was a uh
Aerial attack
Aerial Sherone just fell through the roof or something
By the way how come we haven't heard about him being dead yet
Is that isn't he got to be dead?
Aerial Sherone
I don't know
1021 votes on the pool
Boy I'll tell you one thing
We don't have too many hurry keen boosters out there
Which best describes you in football program
Of no interest to me 352
Discraced 251
A dynasty 114
A joke 110
I hate this pool only 50
Well 63
6% it's high
If citing 51 boring 45
That's kind of like a wash up
And a bunch of thugs 35
35 said you in football program best described as thugs
Thuggery Donna Donna Shalely
Yeah
Let's put up a bunch of billboards that says the keens don't have balls
I think she get bent out of shape about that
Oh that's disgusting
Silly old bike
Afghan militants are planning to launch deadly attacks on civilians in Europe
And revenge for the 2001 invasion by US led forces
A Taliban commander said on Sky News television yesterday
Mola Muhammad Amin
I wonder if he's keen to eat I mean
Dada
Said resurgent militants had built up stockpiles of weapons that were bent on
Vengeance against the foreign invaders
The Taliban overthrown by the invasion now wanted to export terror to the west
He said
It's acceptable to kill ordinary people in Europe because
These are the people who have voted in the government he said
Yeah, they stuck those back to the zin and they hit us we hit him back
They came to our home attacker woman and children he added
You're an ordinary people in these countries are behind this so we will not spare them
We will kill kill them kill their children laugh it over them like they're killing us and laughing at us
I mean said the Taliban was inspired by tactics used by insurgents and erect
Namely remote controlled bombs land mines and suicide bombers all of these
Part of these things
They are our best tactic. He said fighters were sheltering in Pakistan and being
Aided by sympathetic localcy sent interview in Pakistan. That's right
They're the ones that invented the Taliban and the Saudi said the ones that invented those
Madrasas those schools where they rock back and forth. I rule Khatah a little bit
They're a huck in in the Arabic not quite that but close
What do they say a la Akbar or whatever that is?
You asking me? Yeah, you're supposed to know your Arabic mister
You better get with these things. That's the language you're all going to be sticking pretty soon
If you say so you think this
Hispanic crap you think speaking the peak of the potty in the south or that forget about that
Get with the program man start speaking Arabic
This thing about Charlie this thing about Charlie Chris big lead evaporating. That's some good news
Yeah, it's great news because who now I've ever heard of Jim Davis, which you know something maybe that's the best thing he's got going
The biggest name
I'll tell you the Charlie Chris who gave
460
This is the neo-launcher show
Oh
oh
Who is going to be
Sanister
Now we're really explaining you
You're fishing sand, face on the land
We'll be around the bloody Yankee of the world
We'll be waiting in the mess
We'll be, we'll be
We'll be in the mess
We'll be, we'll be
Listen, since we're a relationship that Norma can't
has with Steve Lapo over there, James Crystal Radio,
it sounds like a conflict of interest to me.
Does it?
Yeah, it sounds like a big lawsuit.
Oh, we might have to go work over there someday, so you know.
Anyway, David's sit for a new fancies himself as a radio guru.
Have you ever seen his website, the history of South Florida radio?
No.
Pretty weak.
But anyway, he's got this succumb WJNO, WBZT, and WJNA.
Why do these stations keep switching frequencies?
And this was posted October of 2002.
Since then, how many times have they switched these around?
About 30, man.
Like, like, like, uh,
like, pieces out of monopoly board.
Mm-hmm.
Like that shell game.
This is a by Alan Dyskin, host of Radio Rewound.
This is this article.
A lot of these stations keep switching frequencies.
This has nothing to do with the governor's rally.
It's going to get to that eventually.
We got a lot of time.
Okay, we got four full hours today.
Not six hours like man cow.
How come we didn't get that show?
Jesus Christ.
As a former clear channel employees,
is Alan whoever, and nobody ever heard him.
Never hear Alan Dyskin.
Don't be disan Alan Dyskin.
Who?
He said he was privy to some information,
generally not publicized to many others.
A paragraph I can't read because there's a picture of super talks
who are superimposed over here over one paragraph.
He said the switching frequencies for WJNO, WBZT, and WJNA,
came about for several reasons as we're told.
I mean, whether this was the official corporate answer,
just perhaps a local management response
to satisfy the curiosity of the local cheap channel employees,
I can't swear they validity of this information.
I'm more conveying management's response, he says.
And then it goes on about to WJNO 1230
with a thousand watt signal based on West Palm Beach.
Combined with a repeater tower and pump at a beach,
1040 AM, a 50 thousand watt signal based in Boiton Beach,
have been independently owned and known as WFXY.
Editor is note.
Remember Foxy 1040, remember that?
Nope.
Channel bought, the clear channel bought WFXY
moved WJN order that frequency.
The 1230 frequency was bought by the James Crystal Radio Group
and the callers WJNA were created.
Not to be confused with WJNO, but WJNA, very creative Steve.
WJNO AM 1040, and WBZT AM 1290,
both clear channel properties were and still our
stations program to cover the West Palm Beach Volca area
as well as a port of the treasured coast market.
These AM news talk and sports stations
that's a strong signal reach over.
They actually were covering most of the Miami Ford
Lauderdale Hollywood market exclamation point,
right, it's Alan Dyskin.
Clear channel also owns WJNW,
and Znews Talk and Sports stations program
to cover the Miami Ford Lauderdale Hollywood market.
Actually reaching in blanketing the West Palm Volca market,
most of the programming of these four stations
is replicated in both markets,
meaning listeners in both markets could tune
into several clear channel stations
and hear many of the same programs.
That's what happens when three companies
own 90% of the stations on the air,
when your radio dial is turned into a lottery
for a bunch of grave robbing bastards.
It wouldn't know a radio if you stuffed it up their ass.
It's important that other relevance of markets,
and this is pretty boring actually.
I thought maybe this would shed some light
on this whole other thing.
It says without getting into a lot of intimate details,
I wouldn't know about anyway.
The James Crystal radio group
and Clear channel struck a deal,
WLRX FM 92.1, and the AM frequency of 1230 owned
by James Crystal would be swapped for the AM frequency
at 1040.
There may well have been some cash involved also,
we says, this satisfy Clear channel's needs
for another FM, and if you keep their AM stations
more local, James Crystal picked up a powerful AM frequency
that boosts the WJNW signal coverage
and market reach and could command more large agency
vibes.
WJNW is moving to 1290, 10,000 by powerful,
but sometimes spotty frequency.
WBZT moved to 1230 and blah, blah, blah, blah.
I don't have any idea what he's talking about.
He just keeps struggling in Marala,
cards in a deck, just a bunch of crap is what it is.
Did you follow any of that?
What?
So how come we didn't get that main cow show?
God am I pissed off about that.
I'm gonna tell you, man, this Joe Belly,
he puts on an act like he's a good guy,
and he came into this morning and kissy, kissy, kissy,
and all of that.
But he's a day late in $45,000 short, if you ask me.
I mean, when you got in September,
when our morning showed today, 0.9,
there is something, and when the big old today,
rock solid, 0.5 and 5 to 7,
where's that thing you sent me with a finger?
Oh, it's over there.
No, not that one.
I'm talking about the graph, the rating one.
Not just the one with your personal sentiment.
Maybe I already smith canned that, you think?
I see the problem is, I'll send it again.
I'll send it again a couple of days.
I just have too much paperwork here.
I keep these.
Oh, there's one about Man Cowai,
it's Miami Cincinnati and Reno.
Oh, here's the finger.
Here's the finger.
It felt like a finger.
Well, seven, well, they got twos anyway.
I mean, it's, you know,
although I don't know what they didn't September.
Can you imagine if you have a 0.9?
I'm just wondering if they cracked,
they must have cracked the one somewhere in there,
wouldn't you think?
Yeah, they cracked.
Don't start picking on Bo Campo.
Now, who come in and squash you like a nat?
There is a Miss Mark Potter on there.
Look at that.
In Sarasota, I wonder what she's that,
that bad learn about.
Oh, she's gone already.
151 votes.
What best describes you in football program?
Of no interest to me, 356.
It is Scrake 253.
A dynasty 117, dynasty, my ass.
Isn't that what your own column said?
Uh-huh.
A joke 112.
I hate this pull 56.
Exciting or 66?
Exciting 56.
Voring 47.
And thugs 44.
That came out of nowhere from a list new suggestion.
Thugs, gangsters.
It's gangster ball, baby.
The team sucks.
So let's goon it up.
If you can't win, goon it up.
Like kind of hockey.
And if your team sucks,
just go out there and get into a bunch of brawl.
Right?
Absolutely.
I mean, the package did not play at Washington.
Now, the parents come in there and apologize for
screwing up the hockey schedule and being such a jerk.
The idiot.
You fairy.
Oh, speaking of that,
Newpole gives Christ a negligible lead over Davis.
Wow.
Florida's lopsided contest for governor Assembly
become a dead heat according to a new poll
at boost mistakes of Florida.
This is a no for tonight's tonight's the debate.
Tonight's first televised debate between
Republican Charlie Chris,
Democrat Jim Davis.
The first thing Jim Davis ought to say is to Charlie Chris.
You fairy.
Yeah, I would not tell you how to bring that up.
Just look at him in the eye and say you fairy.
You think they might throw him off guard a little bit?
Right.
That would be fun.
And look at this, even even at right wing Joe Scarborough's
on MSNBC sand,
the Foley scandal could discourage some right wing nut jobs
from voting it all.
They're going to stay home and thump on their Bible
or thump on something.
Miss Foley should be thumpin' on some page.
The surprising results energize the long time underdog
Davis now trading by only two percent
of his points in the Quinnipiac University survey
and put Christ on the defensive gate.
Nearly every other poll showed a double digit gap.
Amber, you're a you're a pocket union gap.
Sure it is.
Oh, you're not going to play that again.
You're already played it.
That was two weeks ago.
Don't do it.
This new poll makes the debate a much bigger deal.
It should affect their strategy said
Quinnipiac poster Peter Brown.
Oh, it'll both force both of them to reassess
what they're going to do not just in tonight's debate
with their strategy is for the final two weeks
of the campaign.
Election day is two weeks from today.
That's why we need a lot more non-political talk
on the radio.
Man talk for real men.
Right?
Right.
Candidates will be grilled on the issues
during the one hour live debate to be broadcast
on public television stations statewide tonight.
Both Chris and Davis has spent much of the campaign
following lower homeowners insurance cost,
cut property taxes and improved education,
but they've been vague on many of the fine points.
Chris had 46% of all the Quinnipiac poll.
Davis had 44% well within the polls margin of error
of 3.4%.
In other words, a statistical dead heat of tie
knows to knows as to ask.
The same poll two weeks ago found Chris
with a 10-point lead, not no mole.
The race tighten largely because of a massive 21-point ship
by independent voters to Davis.
Another encouraging trend for Davis,
a percentage of voters who said they didn't know enough
about him dropped from 57% to 23% over the past two weeks.
There's only one answer television brown said.
Davis was late going on the air
because he didn't have as much money.
He hasn't made the sale yet and he's still behind,
but he's put himself back in a ballgame.
Wouldn't that be something that,
Charlie Chris got his ass whipped?
Wouldn't be the first time.
And Lexa Priza, I thought he enjoyed it.
That's what I heard.
Davis wants an unconventional,
how come we didn't get that damn man-tow show?
A crazy.
Oh, there he goes again with that joke.
Yeah, he just crazed.
No, Charlie Christ.
Davis wants an unconventional campaign
to which go that is to the traditional
and more expensive 30 second ads in exchange
for a series of 15 second ads
touting his position on 3 key issues,
property taxes insurance and school F-Cank test.
Ah, come on out run on those spots.
What do we like, chop liver or something?
I guess they assume that the neo-Rajas audience
is all gonna go out and vote for Jim Davis.
We can only pray.
Yeah, well, hey, how's it going?
Chris by contrasts is the least of a range
of 30 second ads since the primary
with his eighth launch yesterday.
I'll paint four by the Republican Party.
The ads have boosted Chris's name recognition
while criticizing Davis is a do nothing congressman
and defending him for having the second worst attendance
for this term.
But at least he ain't gay.
He had buddies with Mark Foley.
Jim Davis, right?
He wasn't any of those big gay parties.
Now look, Charlie Christ may be a real upstanding guy
for all of them.
Who the hell know?
Oh, I doubt it.
He may be a stand up guy
or maybe a lay down guy for all we know.
A lay down gay guy.
Isn't this guy talk?
It's guy talk folks.
They're man talk.
Don't get stuck in by that other stuff.
That's something they still got WGNM.
And maybe Josh you over there
and spruce up their website for him.
Put the real calendars on now.
Nah, I'm not saying WMEN.
Men 640.
Foxy 1040, that went over big.
Now what was the woman's station?
Remember that portion?
W O N E N. I don't know.
No, it's remember.
It was Chief Channel A.
They took she, they took her.
They took she and they turned it into
was going to be a little over that planet or the planet.
That's it.
They thought it was going to be sadder
and turned out to be more like Uranus.
It sucked.
It was bad.
And the question that's long gone.
All these people, all these dabbers and dippers
and intruders and all these mavens and experts in there.
Everybody's a radio expert baby.
I got news for it.
I've been doing it for 150 years already,
including 120 in this market.
I haven't met too many radio experts.
There was Dick Casper and then it was who else?
Yes, me.
But it.
It was the radio guy, man.
He was a radio guy.
Or as Tom Jicke would say, Rick Casper,
hey Tom, you're an idiot.
You're a bald-headed idiot.
I'm so disappointed about James Franco.
If you see somebody from a distance,
like you're in a shopping mall or somewhere.
Right.
And you see somebody from a hot number from a distance.
Or at least you think they're hot.
Yeah, when they get closer and you realize it's a guy.
And you get closer and say,
oh, I wouldn't touch it with George's little finger.
Thank you.
Good from far, far from good.
Yeah, very good, very good.
Well, I'm really, very good.
Adequate.
So Josh lights fighter, man, by the way,
he's very picky with the movies.
So I didn't give it an eight.
I thought, I'm very picky with movies.
No, like me.
You don't even stay awake if you don't like him.
You fall asleep, random, and long.
Well, I'd like to be entertained when I watch one.
Well, this movie was pretty slow starting.
I was thinking, boy, if Josh ever saw this,
he's asleep by now for 20 minutes of that thing.
Huh?
I like this one.
They're both very good.
The second one is better.
Yeah.
If the George keeps telling me.
Yes, it is.
Now did James Franco look any better in the second one?
Or he still looked the same?
Like, anorexic, and he could use a sandwich?
I didn't notice.
I noticed that was the reason that I got you
to send me the movie.
I don't give a crap about Spider-Man.
Although it turned out to be pretty good.
It was the first one to look good in both of them,
even though she, uh, well, I guess he does wear a wet dress.
Dunds and both of them.
Yes.
Wet, Willie?
Probably.
1114 at 560 WDQAM.
Boy, boy, how did we not get that man in college show?
It's enough for me if we want to put on my new balance shoes
and walk right over to Brandy's.
You know, it'd be a long walk, but I could start right now.
In fact, I'll tell you what, I'm going to start now after the break.
And I'll be in touch with you when I get there.
How's that?
I ate at Brandy's.
They carry all the top name brands
at unbeatable prices all the time.
They got your foreshryme and Echo,
Mephisto, Rockport, Hushbuffies,
new balance, like I just said, which I love, new balance.
And tons of other top name brands
and all sizes for men and women, no off brands, no BS.
And they carry wide widths and hard to find sizes too.
So take your titsies to Brandy's.
You'll see who I've been raving about them for years.
Go see our good buddy Arnie.
He'll make sure he gets the right of fitting shoes
at the right price every time.
And don't forget the only thing they do at Brandy's is shoes.
So you never have to worry about size,
selection, service, and certainly not about price.
You'll find Brandy's at 1290,
North Federal Highway in Pompa,
and it'll be right between Atlantic and Copa's
on the east side.
You can't miss it.
How did we not get that man cow show?
Brandy's is open every day,
Mondays, Saturdays, to Line every Sunday, to 5.
And this week is a great time to buy S.A.
issues at Brandy's.
All great men's and women's styles are on sale.
20, 30.
30, man.
Or even 40% off-prepared.
Save a ton of cash and get a fantastic selection.
So be sure to get into Brandy's this week
or do your shoe shopping right online at brandy's shoes.com.
The biggest name of the best talent
to the least is for the 20560.
For the great taste.
Neil, this is Noodles reminding you that it's always
a good time for the great taste.
Absolutely.
He's on air in the taxi cab.
I said drive a central park.
Looked at me, so quesitally.
I could tell he was in the dark.
So I acted out my puncturease
and with my arms the trees I made.
There's no bug to speak English and I'm on it.
I went down to my, yeah, I met with each weather
who's not answering.
I walked into a liquor store
but a guy there taught me a funer.
I asked him for a pint of Belgium Beem.
He just nodded to the end of what doesn't mean.
No butters to English and anymore.
That cornered their leaves.
Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan speaking with smelly.
Or you can go back to Iraq.
I came here many years ago.
Learned my ABC.
I don't say much is grossiest.
I say pretty much.
So get yourself to a classroom quick
you're an American now.
Stop making mistakes.
Oh, you know, butters to English.
Come in anymore.
How come we need to get down to Bonsho?
I'll be damned.
Who?
1121.
Bob and Tom.
Don and Bob.
She had red hot, white hot summer.
Oh, I got wieners on my mind.
I'll bet.
Anyway, I just read more of that crap about WGNA
and guess who used to work there?
My dad used to work there.
And then he had the nerve to go off and die.
And then they had Greg Budell.
And guess who Greg Budell brought along with him?
Give me one guess.
It's a good time.
Noodle for it.
It's a great taste.
Noodles.
Don Agony, an athlete named Guy.
And of course, Greg Budell is always,
don't tell me Greg Budell got blown out for this new men format, huh?
Wouldn't that be bad if he got blown out again for a bunch of men?
What's the ladies that like Greg Budell?
I don't think they like him either.
Hey, Greg, nobody likes you.
What a boy.
Man, if ever anybody worked in this business who had a loser written all over him,
it was Greg Budell.
Is that right or what?
No comment.
I just said it just because it aggravates him.
We go, oh, gee, I'm going to take some pills or something.
I can't say other than the time that he was on your show.
I never met him.
I never met him.
I never met him.
He was on my show?
He was on your show.
I remember that day.
Boy.
He was in the studio?
He was in the studio on the show with you because it was his big comeback into the market.
He was going to be going on another station somewhere and I think, I don't know,
Russ O'Waisses or somebody brought him in.
Somebody else brought him in.
Oh, my God.
Russ O'Waisses, who was bunked by buddies with Joey.
Or whatever.
Somebody brought him in.
It was him and somebody got it.
But Russ O'Waisses and Joey took me to dinner at the Marginal Authority restaurant over there by the Amaco Station
and tried to talk me into going to a boy Gary and getting Rick and Suds fired
so Joey could do afternoon drive.
Remember that?
I do remember that.
And they denied it.
We lied to the teeth about it.
Yeah.
Damn it.
I got up and walked out of that thing.
Although, the good thing is I was finishing dinner and they paid for it.
But the other thing I'm going to go to a free dinner and get him walk out in the middle of it.
I wouldn't have done that.
Even I'm not that stupid.
But anyway, they wanted me to get to Rick and Suds are bad.
And the radio wars are big now.
And whatever that means.
You know, the radio wars.
And Joey wanted to do afternoon drive.
A lot of me to go get him a job.
Those are the days, weren't they?
Joey's days are done.
Yeah.
What a piece he was, you know.
Well, how did we get off of this radio thing?
It was that one fact that somebody was probably fat boy sent that.
When you think?
No, it was a different format.
And besides fat boy emails, as you know,
Oh, he don't facts?
No.
Well, I told him no more emails.
So maybe now he's just going to use the facts machine.
I have no idea.
But obviously, somebody over there who wants to use the Neil Roger show to publicize their marginal format.
How did we not get that show though?
The seminal travel Florida would have lost biggest-style slot machines under proposed federal guidelines.
It could be issued next month a development that boosts their push to get the same look at it
of gambling devices as the borrowed county permutuals.
The US Department of Interior's decision to wish for the regulations follows the trials failed
in negotiation attempts with the state, with your fat ass governor, to get the traditional slot machines mon.
The immediate ramifications are unclear, especially the timeframe that slots could start ringing at the seven seminal casinos.
I feel it's significant because it's going to put us on an even footing as the non-semininal gaming facility said
Seminal Travel Counselor Max Ossiola.
I remember a horse driven by a Dwayne Dillworth called chief Ossiola at Jackson Hardis Raceway 40 years ago.
Aren't you excited about that?
I'm sorry that's right.
I've had on him any one.
Chief Ossiola.
The federal regulations were led to seminals have the slots at the three-broward casinos as well as their casinos in Makalee,
closed in El Cuchobey and Tampa.
The seminals currently have those class two slot machines, those vigorous-style devices.
I still don't understand that.
They want class three machines like the ones in Vegas and Atlantic City, where the machines are individually programmed for payouts occasionally.
The seminals have argued they're in central to class three slots under the federal Indian Gaming Regulatory Act,
which says, tribes are allowed to same gambling options featured anywhere else in the state.
In March 2005, as we know, people in...
Waaah!
Approved the vigorous-style slots of the County's four-prayer mutuals.
And the tribal instruments all be traditional slots as soon as possible.
We have to wait to see what happens, Ossiola, said, we don't know if any factors will interfere.
Fat ass governor Bush has strong component of gambling and the seminals cut off the negotiations of the Gaming Compact in April,
leaving the seminals to turn to the federal government.
A compactor being would allow the seminals to offer the class three the real slot machines and return,
the state would have some regulations say so and a cut of the revenue.
They get a piece.
A piece for the Corleonis, a piece for this one, remember that?
No.
He's dead, cake.
And I'm trying to think of was it Al Pacino that was his...
He was Al Pacino's teacher in the...
What was that school they had?
In acting school.
Diet.
You know what I'm talking about?
I'd have played Hyman Roth or Lee Strasper.
Lee Strasper? He's dead?
Yeah.
I guess it was the Lee Strasper school.
Then he used to sell it and I was Lee Strasper.
He used to sell it to INZ or somewhere.
Well, I'll tell you.
We had more drifters coming through this market, man.
It is just unbelievable.
Carpet baggers.
And the station's key to the callers keep changing and you wonder why nobody listens to radio anymore.
Who now knows who's on first?
It's GNO and GNA and FTL and FLL and that's back to FTL again.
And who's on first and who's on second?
One thing about us here, man.
We're rock solid right here.
Rock solid with big numbers in the midday.
Rest of the day we suck.
But then we'll come back, mowey?
Yeah, somewhere.
Somewhere.
How did they get it and we didn't?
That's what I'd like to know.
Could you imagine man, cow six to ten?
I'd like to the kind of radio show that Kenny would like to do.
Yeah, I heard an entertainment show like he used to do.
Right.
As opposed to another sports show.
I think he's been sandbagged.
I think clearance is in there.
T-bagging him.
Good to visit.
Yeah, it's been nice working with you Kenny.
You're a good guy.
You seem like a real radio guy.
And it's one thing you get screwed over a while and a hundred.
We're getting screwed over twice in road.
That's bad.
It's only October 24th.
He's got a long way to go.
Well, he's in radio.
It's probably used to it.
I used to be in radio.
Just like us.
I'm telling you what I used to be doing in his Vine lot of cars at Loopback Road.
Chevrolet, I still do every time I need one.
In fact, the two vests I got right now about at Loopback Road.
When you ought to be doing the same because man, they got the best election.
They treat you with velvet gloves.
They give you great personal service.
And their prices are always unbeatable too.
That's why I've been shopping at Loopback Road Chevy for my vests and other cars for over 20 years now.
And right now, it's Loopback Road Chevy's race to a thousand.
For the first time in their history, they want to sell a thousand cars this month.
They've got the biggest selection new and used cars including the hot new Corvettes.
If you never drove a Corvette, now I know Georgia likes to take one of my vests and not bring it back.
I'm probably John's too.
Sure.
You got two.
It's like a dream man.
It's like having that power onto your foot.
Trucks SUVs, minivans, they got the big selection and they've also got used cars starting into a 39.95.
Every one of them backed by a CarFax guarantee, by the way.
And Loopback Road, like I said, is up to sell a thousand cars this month.
So they're staying open till midnight every night to get to that thousand number.
Maybe they know why we didn't get man-car.
Forget the price. Make it offer at Loopback Road.
They'll beat any deal more money for your trade.
They give you 0% financing rebates up to 6000.
Whatever it takes, that's what they'll do to make that deal.
They get to that thousand.
Just like us, you know, try to get to a thousand during the show every day.
We got a thousand eighty-seven, by the way.
Only at Loopback Road, Chevrolet, is this deal going on two locations for you.
And Pompano beats a quarter mile west of by 95.
And a coconut creek on 441 just out to the sodgrass expressway.
And don't forget tonight and every night, this month, they're staying open till midnight.
So get over to Loopback Road for an unbeatable deal.
The best deal on a Chevy ever got in your life.
Or check them on the wicked web at loopbackroad.com.
The biggest name, self-best galaxy, this is Neil Rogers.
Force radio finds locked in a lock of rock solid.
Force us for a range, never have me, never get made, and stay home all alone.
Do you not think that it's a bummer, when Bill and Reeves gone?
Are you sure?
Say goodbye to Aaron and Summers.
Say hi to Ron and Ron, they're going to work on Paxon.
Don't go, don't go.
That's a matter of fact.
They're going to work on Paxon.
But Neil ain't changing his act.
Paxons are born again, Christian.
Right here, so see can't be.
He wants to change the stations.
Ladders, the WGOD now will work for Paxon.
Paxons, Paxons, Paxons, Paxons, Paxons, Paxons.
Paxons, Paxons, Paxons, Paxons, Paxons.
Paxons, make the sign of a cross.
I'm signing on the hand.
That's the last time I think we're like in a radio station almost.
Remember those days?
Sure, of course it is.
And Jack Mark, you know, and that's what happens when you mess with the people,
the bitch in my foot taking your parking spot.
He's dead.
Carva.
Good.
26th to the moon at QAN.
Here's a fact from Michael that goes on a great length.
We just whipped up about our pool today.
That's good.
1996 votes by the way.
It says there's an inaccuracy possibly misleading in your pool.
No, there's not.
Says the pool is about University of Miami football.
My question is what is the difference between University of Miami football program
and the rest of that so-called Institute of Higher Learning in general?
All I can do is laugh.
It says to keep from crying when I hear people say they received an education at U.M.
There's no education to receive.
University of Miami consistently ranks near the bottom of the rankings in terms of quality of the business school,
medical school, journalism program, history program, law school, science programs, etc.
Even their marine science programs consider to be a joke.
You think that marine science of all things would be the one thing they couldn't screw up,
but low and behold it is.
It is screwed up, I guess is what it means.
Michael, you're just whipped up into a frenzy man.
Every publication that compiles these surveys and rankings generally concludes that
when it comes to education, you're better off going to community college or enrolling in a correspondence course.
I'm going to Miami Dade myself and I can't wait to lay play the hurricanes.
Would that be a good game, guys?
Yeah, another great way to lay the ball break out.
The ball and the ball break out.
It says seriously in all respects, not just with the program, the University of Miami is a blight on the civilized world.
I wouldn't have hired someone with the University of Miami on their resume to pump gas,
but hey, it's a keen thing.
We wouldn't understand.
Guess what, Ahollz?
I don't want to understand, Michael.
Says, it's not personal.
You pass present and future U of M. S. bags.
It's business and personal.
Do the world a favor and drop dead violently?
Or should I say instead of dynasty, which is the only poly-Solamic word University of Miami people know how to pronounce,
just dynasty instead?
It says, Nioh have a great day.
Sunshine and lollipops and rainbows.
Whatever that is.
Thank you.
That's sweet.
Sunshine, lollipops and rainbows as in...
Want a lollipop little boy?
Says Michael, but I think Mark's holding me written this.
You got to bug off his ass.
Stars 99 votes on the pool.
Oh, speaking of elections, as if they weren't enough concerned about the integrity of a vote,
a nonpartisan civic organization yesterday claimed that had hacked into a voter database for
the more than 1.35 million voters in the city of Chicago.
Bob Wilson, an official with the Illinois ballot integrity project, which bills itself as a
not-for-profit civic organization dedicated to the correction of election in their system deficiencies,
tells ABC News that last week his organization hacked the database, which contains detailed
information about hundreds of thousands of Chicago voters, including their social security
numbers, dates of birth, shoe size, etc.
It was a serious identity theft problem, but also a problem that could potentially create problems
with the election rules and said, in nefarious hacker could have changed every voter status
from active to inactive, which would have prevented them from voting, he said.
Or we could have changed the information on what precinct you were in, or what polling place
you were supposed to go to, we said.
So there were ways that we could potentially change the entire online database and disenfranchise
voters throughout the entire city of Chicago.
If we wanted to, we could have wiped the entire database out, he said.
Tom Leach, a spokesman for the Chicago election board, tells ABC News the problem seems to have arisen.
Because the city's dead, how did we not get that show?
That's going to bother me all day long.
That's what it is.
No.
What do I want to wire here?
We're just showing up every day into the best we can.
That's all.
We got a good lawyer audience out there and they keep pretending to listen to us, even if they don't.
Tom Leach, a spokesman for the Chicago election board, tells ABC News the problem seems to have arisen
because the city's database allowing voters to locate their voting precinct once as voter for detailed information
such as their social security numbers.
Approximately six years ago, Leach said when the website was updated requiring only name and address,
city computer experts never cut the links to these social security numbers and they said, bird.
Leach said he doubted the Illinois Valorant Integrity Project could have disenfranchised voters
or wiped out the database, but he and the election board were very concerned and had taken steps to remedy
whatever problems exist, including bringing an outside computer forensic expert to verify the database is secure
and it was sure that no one had already hacked the database.
Now if mankind was going to be on that station, I wouldn't be surprised if they were going to lose the license pretty quick.
Does need do a lot of filthy stuff?
I don't know what he does anymore.
I thought he was on one of Howard's uncirious mankind.
I don't want to lose 80 million channels, no?
Last time I heard they hated each other.
Really?
No, I'm thinking about what's from Tampa?
Over the love spines.
Over the love spines.
Here you go.
From Tampa.
Who couldn't get another job on real radio so he went on Howard's thing.
Howard, by the way, he'll be free on, he'll be streaming it tomorrow on Thursday.
Be there or be squared.
Yes, steal, listen to it for two days for free and then forget about it.
As they're desperately trying to hype up, they're more all the hype all the time.
You got to hand him that though. Have it, I always said that.
Yes, you have.
They're the hypes to his man.
If he has a bad BM, it's on the front page of every newspaper all around the globe,
even in North Pole, they read about, oh gee, Howard had a bad BM this morning.
What are we going to do about that?
He farts the wrong flavor or if his ex-wife puts any freeze in his lime jello?
1107 on the pole.
We're kicking ass on the pole.
But now that we let the cat out of the bag about mankind, he'll be in on 640 on men, all men radio.
It's for real men.
Now, where's that lineup again?
Oh, weak.
Man, come from the dollar.
Well, this is Joyce Kaufman and Greg Budellback, then they'd have it licked.
They'd be licking it.
Let's see, here we go.
WGNA.
I can't, where the hell is their web page?
Where's their page?
Here's the thing about Reneerie and Mo and Sally and Mo and Chmo.
Where the hell is their, here's the address Kaufman.com.
Oh boy, unforgettable WGNA, Rale Palm Beach.
We want Reneerie back.
That was just, that was tragic.
We lose Reneerie, we lose Lasseter now.
The Lasseter has been on the air for a long time.
He was, you know, smart enough to get out of the business.
He wasn't smart enough to stop eating a long time ago, and that's why I say, that should be a lesson to all of us diabetics.
Quit the overeating.
I had a pint of Hagenaus yesterday.
I knew you would.
How'd you know that?
Because he said you were.
So I talked about all these ice cubes.
Oh, I see.
Two o'clock I rushed over to the convenience store and I got me a pint of Hagenaus banana nut.
I'm a banana nut.
Uh-huh.
That was a guy, a Saturday, would mind who was there.
What is it about the Italians who come to North America?
I mean, the Italians who came to North America a long time ago, that was in a different story.
But now we got Guido's.
Yeah.
I don't know if you please to know that we got Guido's in Canada, not just in the USA.
It serves right.
And it was this guy and his very nasty wife.
Oh, man, she was loud and she was as ugly as the day is long.
She made me look good.
She looked like my ass on a bad day.
And they were playing a couple of machines and, you know, he was, uh,
spoke perfect English.
Obviously he was born here.
But then every now and then there were a couple of their pyzons that showed up and playing down the road.
And they're talking real, real loud and little Italian.
Okay.
Well, that's the ordinary, this bottom makes up this guy was trying to be cute to the Italian.
They're like, uh, you'd say, oh, you get a spin 50 by your.
50 bananas.
Uh, Cinquata Barani.
Cinquata Barani.
It just bugged me, you know.
In other words, make up your mind.
Are you Italian?
Go to Rome.
Go to Ferenza.
Go, be an Italian and be Italy.
Or you want to be some kind of like a Guido, you know?
Cinquata Barani, my ass.
Oh, bet.
You can see he just kept saying that crap and it just bugged me.
How did it stop with a Guido talk, are we anyway?
Yeah.
Almost like being in South Florida.
Speaking of English, baby.
Speaking of English.
1109.
Which best describes you in football program?
And especially after that nasty Michael facts that we got just hostile ripping them in ass and well deserved by the way.
It's of no interest to me.
373.
If it is Scrazed 264, Donna, disgrace.
A dynasty 123, boy, talk about living in the past.
A joke 114.
I hate this poll.
686%.
How much of a man cow voted?
I hate this poll.
Thugs has moved it all the way up to 60.
They're, they're, they're googling on that.
They're, uh, leaning on it.
They're freepin it.
Exciting 58 and burying 52.
Especially when they play one of their 15 girls school.
The biggest name was London's children.
S.I.U.
And, uh, 4th radio, 560.
You A.M.
And then Mike, well, I'll pull you.
I'll tell you something, pal.
Long-need States of girls school.
Oh!
I want to scholarship the other day.
The U of M said we need you to play.
They didn't offer that I thought was school.
Just win it with ball.
It's so good of that school.
We sad food.
We sad food.
We sad food.
We sad food.
We sad food.
That's it.
We got nothing for you.
Just win the game.
It's all that you've got to do.
You have all the drugs and women you've ever seen.
They party down the street in a limousine.
We sad food.
We sad food.
We sad food.
We sad food.
The empty double-lay that you got here.
They gave the school a little slap on the wrist.
But sad food said it just another day.
We're gonna keep on doing what we do anyway.
We sad food.
You failed.
We sad food.
We sad food.
We sad food.
We sad food.
We sad food.
We got the cane to say a break in the long standing if I used to be.
Wasn't that the first beginning of the series, John?
Yeah, first time.
That was the first time they were playing another one.
They're thinking, okay, I'll be around too.
Come on, give us a break, man.
Give us a break.
Let's have another brawl.
Let's have some football.
Go out there and kick some ass.
So I'm looking at this man talks to the XIV website.
Okay.
And it's a work in progress.
Obviously they're waiting for Josh to come over there.
And the bottom on the right hand side, it says local coverage.
And it's got a map of Florida.
And it's got their fantasy.
Most of their signal goes into the ocean, by the way.
They're their number one in the fish.
The number one in fish.
And it says in the bottom click here for our full coverage map
and you click on it and nothing happens.
So they're obviously still working.
It says stay tuned, man.
Stay tuned.
We'll be throwing the switch on Monday, October 23rd.
Changing our format to entertain, educate, man, and the prime
of their life.
Check back soon for updates and new information about our station.
But obviously this is for as they got.
Nice going, Steve.
You're really kicking your own ass.
Let's get your ice Kaufman back on the air.
And Norma can't.
And who might be that?
And Greg B. Nell.
He's gone agony.
Noodles.
Luxian.
Speaking of Chinquenta Banana.
Oh, God.
Speaking, listen, cut the crap already.
Okay.
Stop with his ethnic nonsense.
This BS.
50, and haven't I always told you do not ever get on a cruise ship?
You have.
I can't beg any of you.
People put waste in your money in jeopardizing your life.
Around 1450 passengers on a luxury cruise ship.
This is London dot entertainment guy.
The Brits.
Around 1450 passengers on a luxury cruise ship.
And he's going to be in love with toilets for three days.
Are going to people on board?
A series of blockages in the plumbing system
has said to have led to a mayhem.
Mayhem on board.
Thompson's destiny cruise ship.
Tour operator Thompson admitted that there have been problems
with the vacuum system of the toilets.
But he said he was bringing in a team of super technicians
to fix the system overnight.
A spokeswoman said the team of 10 experts will be working
through the night to ensure the problem will be sorted.
She was unable to confirm how long the toilets have been out of action for.
The huge 11 deck ship is on a seven-day voyage around the Canary Islands
and Morocco.
Oh, who did all wants to go there?
One couple, Derek and Lorraine Twig, from West Yorkshire,
boarded the ship as a birthday tree.
Trick or treat.
Mrs. Twig 51 said destiny had been without toilets for three days
and hot water for at least 24 hours.
She said there was mayhem on board the ship, which is full,
and a protest meeting was being held by the passengers.
Mr. Twig 60 has been ruined by the plumbing.
By the plumbing faults he added.
Probably a little bit of a backup.
Destiny is the largest ship in the Thompson fleet
with two swimming pools, two restaurants, and three bars.
Right, like, you know, he just sit on the edge, I guess.
Right, just hang it over the rail.
Just kind of plop your top under rail and let loose.
That's bad.
Sure, kind of, he's up somewhere, you know,
and he's talking about mayhem.
Yeah.
Have a thing out of way with tier-it with words.
Love 157 votes on a pool.
Don't forget to Kenny and Paul Morning Shore.
Let's get it over a one now, okay?
What is going on with this joebell?
My God.
I mean, when he came along, we were like,
and be twist in between.
Like, we didn't know whether we were a screaming or a swimming
or a dying or what we were doing.
Kind of like, little lost children, remember that?
Yeah, I remember it.
Then there were all those experiments in the morning.
We had, you know, the, what do they call that thing at abortion?
The sport, I don't know, we call it the morning sports, too.
I don't know what they called it.
What have they had a name for it?
The new morning crew?
The morning wrecking crew, yeah.
Whatever.
And then we had the D for was in and then D for was out.
He was doing business with the engines and he disappeared.
And then we had that vanished and we had, what was came first?
The chicken, we had Howard.
We had Stern on there briefly.
No, we had Joe Rosen there.
We had Mo early before anybody woke up to find out about it.
They had Mo on.
And then we had Joe Rose.
They had Mo and Joe.
Remember, then we lost our Mojo.
That's correct.
We lost our Mojo.
After a few days, I had my repair check.
It was fantastic.
Yeah, I got the check.
Got the car.
It's from the tank.
So anyway, and then we went through the Stern business after Joe Rose got stabbed
in the back and went across the street.
And then Stern, of course, we then lost the license on that deal.
Maybe still had who knows.
And then what did we do after that?
I forget.
Oh, Hank, when you forget the hump, it's a lot of flesh to forget, man.
That was funny.
And then we had to went from the hump or to Kenny and Bo.
We went from the hump or to the dumper.
And we did not get the man call Mueller Muller Show from Chicago.
It's syndicated.
It could have been on Men Talk.
It's on right now, it's about it.
Did we get any facts about what's going on with them or about that, whether they exist?
No.
I mean, we could take phone calls on them, but I sure want to do that.
You want to?
No.
Oh, me either.
I don't want to reach over and turn that damn thing on.
And, let me just turn on the seat that works.
You know?
I haven't turned that monitor on so long.
Maybe in the same condition as the one you got there, I just don't know it.
No, it's working.
I see a line flashing there, too.
Maybe we could take just one real short call.
Q-I-M.
Neil.
Okay, that's good enough.
That's it.
You like that one?
That was great.
Former N-Rion Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey's skilling the most
vilified figure from the financial scandal of the decade was sentenced yesterday to 24 years
and four months in the harshest sentence in the case that arose from the energy trading
giants collapse.
And I hear that they're going to get what's his name back?
They're going to get his body back, Kenny Lay.
Yeah.
And they're going to get the body back and stick him in there, too.
And just like Jeffrey's skilling Sniffett.
They should desecrate the corpse.
Sniff the aroma, too, puts him in a coma.
U.S. District charge, similar late tonight's skillings request for Bond, ordered him to home confine him
and wearing an ankle monitor.
Oh, nice bracelet, Kenny.
Or Jeffrey, whatever your name is.
Lake who told the U.S. Bureau of Prisons to recommend when skillings should report to prison
suggested that skilling 52 be sent to the federal facility in Butner North Carolina for his role
in a case that came to symbolize corporate fraud in America.
Butner North Carolina.
What if he's came to build Butner?
Remember that ground ball went to his legs?
What's your you do?
1141 votes.
Two weeks from today's election day aren't you whipped up into a were frenzy?
Josh is going to go out and vote several times he told me.
The biggest name.
The best talent to be this is Neil Rogers for 20560.
You AM.
Mr. Jenny, I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdal and massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers welcome in our.
And he.
Oh, a brat.
Now the days my truck is served in a mug can we meet?
Instead of doing a last I drink sleeping time can we meet?
Let it stay, let it stay, let it stay, let it stay.
If you're getting old and you're feeling cold, have a meal.
If you're not stressed and you need some rest, have a meal.
Let it stay, let it stay, let it stay, can't be.
I love it.
I'm 60 people.
It's a real famous pool about the you and about you and football.
Of course not to be confused with the outstanding learning institution known as the University of Miami known as the Suntan you.
A missing priest accused of helping steal more than $400,000 in offerings and gifts in Vincent, Vincent for Rare Cantler Church has turned himself into authorities in Miami.
Remember that story?
I'm sure you do.
Yeah, the church is pissed off because only their largest deal from the parishioners.
The Reverend Francis Guinan was being held at the Dave County Geo Actress running to police in Miami International on Sunday.
Guinan was an Australian other tourist destinations when the Reverend John Skihann passed to with St. Vincent for Rare Cantler Church for four decades until his retirement several years ago.
Was arrested on the same charges greeted by a police head to a restaurant on Grand Theft charges at Palm Beach International last month.
Skihann, aged 79, blurted up that he had misappropriated money from St. Vincent's research warrant shows.
When in doubt he blurted it out.
Yeah. Are you faxing me something again boy?
It's so exciting when the fax goes out because it's behind me now.
So you had to buy that table like behind me.
Turn around, reach way back to the auditor.
Since regarding the article you were just reading about WGNA constantly changing color versions and signals, I think that Arbitron needs to run to the 21st century.
The Census Bureau, and I'll consider it's Miami for Lauderdale West Palm to be one metro area, currently the number six metro area in the country with the population of 5.4 million.
Philly and Dallas are four and five with 5.8 million.
But since Miami is growing much faster to be number four shortly, if Arbitron would get with the program to buy the markets like the Census Bureau did, everyone beginning much higher advertising rates.
Don't forget the point he recently took you in nearly as many losses as Palm Beach as in Dave and Brad.
I don't remember that.
Also during the break, I tuned the 640. It says, don't worry, I kept QM running in the background.
Oh, thank God. I was able to hear man cow loud and clear here in South Beach.
So apparently they're up and running. You have started yesterday, okay? Just to tell you that. They're up and running.
All right. He was able to hear man cow. How come he was hearing it out of 640 and out of 560 this morning?
How did we not get that?
He admitted that several times he misdirected money from the church but told investigators he saw himself as the CEO of a multi-million dollar company wasn't properly compensated.
Well, I think he's got a point there. Multi-billion dollar company. Discussing how much was misappropriate, skiing told a place it was a mountain of money.
Oh, that's kind of like mountain of love by Johnny and Joe. I thought I love that. You know it.
Is that like over? No, was it over the mountain mountain of love with Johnny Rivers over the mountain by Johnny and Joe?
Right? I love was Johnny Rivers. Now how come nobody gives Johnny Rivers his due? Johnny Rivers was great.
I do. So which melt and song do you want to hear over the mountain by Johnny and Joe? You don't cut that. It's ancient.
I would say like 58.
I love the mountain.
I love the mountain.
I love the mountain.
I love the mountain.
I love the mountain.
I love the mountain.
I love the mountain.
I love the mountain.
I love the mountain.
I love the mountain.
I love the mountain.
I love the mountain.
I fell into it.
The thumb hurts and the thumb hurts and the thumb hurts and the thumb hurts.
Oh, that's bad.
Are you picking on Kenny again?
Nothing.
I wish there was the earth and the loose and set him free.
Turn him loose and let him do a show.
Okay, stop at his sports crap.
Get the boat camper there.
Send him back up the street with his move.
How did the university die?
Stop at his sports obsession.
Well, the dolphins really suck in.
No kidding.
The saviour is a crap attitude.
The saviour is a crap attitude.
The saviour is a crap attitude.
Everybody hates him like poison.
Like poison.
Now he's blaming the players and blaming this one.
You go out there and suit up, Nekyu.
You slime ball.
The dolphins suck.
Boy, there's one station.
But I think it's not us anymore.
We're losing enough on the marlins.
Losing their ass on the broadcast rights.
If I would see if I'm Joe Bell, I'd like to offer 10 million a year.
Just to boost it up so...
Because Joe and his family are with it.
They're so desperate to keep the dolphins.
It's all they got.
They got the little dog who was kicking our ass in the morning.
And then that's all they got.
The dolphins.
And who don't want to listen then?
Would you listen to it?
To what?
Police had charged skin and a successor, Guinan, aged 63,
was stealing more than 400 grand from the parishioner's donation.
Small potatoes, 400 grand.
And all they're conducted by the diocese of Palm Beach,
the legion's appearance is appropriated.
8.7 million.
Well, now we're talking another story.
I'll take my share.
8.7 banana.
Guinin, who was tired in 2005.
First of all, I don't know what the Italian word is for bananas.
I have no idea. I could look it up.
I know ananis is pineapple.
Am I right?
Did you know that?
Nope.
But I don't know what the word is for Italian.
But why would you say that?
She incoct the banana.
It's just to be a jerk. Stop being a jerk.
I hope you lose your ass.
And then the guy in the same machine gets a spin for 500.
And two minutes later on the same machine gets another spin for 1000.
Just to piss me off.
I should have said, ah,
Cinco Trento, how you say it?
That's gonna be.
Banana.
Women who were tired in 2005 amid the diocese investigation
was vacationing in Australia.
Singapore, Ireland, having a gay old time when police file charges.
He hired high profile attorney David Roth, who also represents former US representative,
Mark Foley, to negotiate the terms of his surrender with the state attorney.
I bet his father, ah, old tool there, and Mark Foley got a lot in common.
So I looked up banana.
Maybe they both liked the altar boys.
Yes?
In Italian.
I'd be saying banana.
It is?
It's what said in Bebblefish.
Cinco Anta Banana.
Really?
That's kind of unusual.
I'd go to another website.
Not really.
Hell, it's not.
You don't know your fruits, Mr. Rot, right now.
How do you say banana in Spanish?
Plata de la.
Oh, plantains.
Well, there's a difference, obviously, but yeah.
But it's plata de la.
Either kind, you say plata de la.
I'll be damned.
Frank Ferdowski writes on this murking chimpanzee.
He got some of the rare claim to fame.
I always look at the end of this.
And I don't want all these comments from the readers.
Okay, I'm not interested.
Stop wasting.
He served as a legislative assistant to Senator Lloyd Benson.
Remember Lloyd Benson ran for VP with Michael DuCaca and they both lost.
At any rate.
On this murking chimpanzee writes, Obama Mania.
What did I tell you, a couple of weeks ago of Barack Obama?
You didn't believe me.
I told you.
I believed you.
Frank Ferdowski says two thoughts about Senator Obama.
First, he has the look of a future president, the brains of a future president, the idealism of a future president,
the town of a future president, the charisma of a future president.
He may or will deserve to be a future president.
And he may be a future president.
Second, Senator Obama may be the least qualified person in the history of national politics
to have his name mentioned as a future president for a election coming in two years
because he has credible national experience for a period measured barely in months.
Senator Obama has close to zero national security experience,
close to zero national defense informed policy experience, close to zero national political experience,
close to zero national legislative experience, and close to zero experience being tested
in the crucible of brutal national politics.
It's not his fault, it just is.
A word to the wise, the bigger they are in the eyes of the national media, the harder they fall in the eyes of the national media.
A suggestion.
The smartest and most brilliant move Senator Obama could make is
would draw his name from consideration for president in 2008 fairly soon.
This would skyrocket his national reputation, credibility and stancher,
in ways that would skyrocket his potential for becoming president
because it would be based on a wise act, not a media and political fad.
A prediction that's exactly what he will do because as respect he does have the judgment
in temperament to someday be present, and it's smart enough to know that which the media builds up,
the media will crash down.
This goes to the larger question, the show on this American politics and American media coverage of American politics.
The idea that someone is new becomes a fad of the month no matter
that Commander in Chief Experiences, preeminent quality,
a quality needed for an extromanenter in chief.
Obama, media is a rejection of the political status quo,
a time in our history where our political system is near universal dispute among our people.
When a president reaches disastrous levels of unpopularity,
when a Congress drenched in corruption reaches disastrous levels of unpopularity,
when Republican Party has widely seen as fossilized and corrupt,
while in truth the Democratic Party has not perceived as much better
and praised to finally be elected as the Party of default.
The American people are genuinely concerned about the future of our country
yet they turn on the TV sets and watch commercials that are nothing more than a sickening and depressing spectacle
of one party of politicians spinning venom endure against the other party of politicians.
Obama, many as a refreshing story of a US Senator who's a breath of fresh air,
uncorrupted by the process, full of idealism and intelligence,
articulate uplifting an man who may well be our president,
and may well deserve to be our president someday.
He is that good, he has that much promise,
but 2008 is not his year.
I hope in my prediction he writes, he is wise enough to know that,
and if he is, takes himself out for 2000,
NATO-Bemalini will grow greater than ever, but for the right reasons.
Meanwhile, voter rolls in Ohio are now being purged,
letters are arriving to his Spanish and California, threatening them if they vote.
Maryland has witnessed major problems with voting machines and voting problems,
fixes and irregularities create the probability of crisis and chaos on election day.
A subject Senator Obama would do well to champion within the heights of his eloquence.
A subject that the Democratic leaders would do well to fight far more aggressively in the coming days.
A subject far more important than the fresh face,
the fresh face fad of the month.
Well, that's what Brent Padauskis is, I think he ought to butt out.
One, two, what about a five face of thought?
The meeting gets all whipped up for the fad of a moment,
the fad of the month, the deal or no deal, candidate or no candidate.
I'll just grab all these, you know how it goes.
All of these things.
But I think he's a man.
You don't?
Brak?
Brak.
Anyone, whatever.
If you want to be the rack, you got to like Brak.
If you want to get Osama, you better elect Obama.
I thought you were going to say your mama.
Well, I was going to say that too.
See now you're trying to get a racial thing.
Well, see now his father is black and his mother is white.
Is that how it works?
Yes to me.
Well, he's got a mixed, is I know one of his parents is black and one of his three Irish have to do with this.
Now you're on to the mix.
So now if the mother is white, does that make him white like being Jewish?
Half of it.
1177 votes out of full man.
I'm going to tell you, man, Cal may be on, but you're not doing it.
We need to give a lot of publicity over there to, what's his name? Steve Lapa.
He's probably running laughs right now.
Oh Rodgers, he's talking about us.
Thank God we passed him out.
Yeah, yeah, big deal.
You should live so long you're going to get a number over there.
Okay, now, but the obvious question is how come we didn't get that change?
The biggest thing.
So, this you got with that?
No, I wanted to keep in key with the book of love and fight in the league of fish.
The big means, the best talent.
I look at the dolphins, they look like a joyless type bunch of guys right now, hammer.
They're not only afraid to make a play.
They're like, what long is going to happen to us right now?
Where are we going to snap?
Where are we going to break down?
So the point is, as you would say.
And in the larger view,
this is where we're at.
Where are we?
I would say that this is the worst that the dolphins have been in since I have been here.
And you know, how long I've been here since the franchise started.
The power hour with Hank over at the end of this.
4.560 QAM.
What's your problem?
What are we going to say?
It's trashing George W. Bush in a new concert tour.
And now the president is fighting back.
BAM!
You don't know anything.
Why?
Don't you just shut up and sing?
The commander in chief, counter-punchers.
In a once in a lifetime stage, extravaganza,
Barbara's dressing.
It's got a gigantic mehame.
Right there.
Don't know how James Brolin taps that.
From the way she let herself go.
Tickets are going fast to see George W. Bush on stage.
Dissing the Democratic Diva.
Barbara Streisand.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Good night.
Thank you.
I looked at myself.
I never believed anything else.
I shouldn't have been pissed off because it was annoying.
The role is banani.
With an E on E.
It was like a masculine word.
It would be banani.
Who knows?
I bet you the Pope knows a few bananas.
The Republican ring against Senator Hillary Rotten.
The Republican Clinton in New York denied a Monday newspaper report that he disperse the Democratic Senators of Parents.
Let me say it again.
She's me.
You ever see a picture of her back then?
Woo.
Who?
New York.
W-H-E-W.
Remember that station?
It's like WMEN.
The New York Daily News Politico reporter Ben Smith quoted John Spencer was saying Friday on route to a debate with Clinton Rochester.
I wonder if he stopped it down and Bob's it's he breathed.
I don't know why Bill Marrieder was reported to sing referring to former President Clinton.
The Daily News also reported that Spencer took the unformer mayor of Yonters.
They've Clinton undergone millions of dollars of work, plastic surgery to help improve her appearance.
He looks good.
Now Smith quoted Spencer was saying.
Pulling shows that Clinton has a command.
He's going to whip his ass.
Okay.
That bitch.
She's going to kick his ass.
Bob Ryan, Spencer's spokesman, denies Smith's account, but acknowledged a conversation to place on the flight from New York to Rochester.
The comment that he said was something of the effect of it.
If you ever seen a picture of Hillary Clinton Clinton from college, I think he said,
boy, she changed Ryan, said interview on CNN.
Which is obvious to be looked at the picture, but that's what he said.
He never said anything about her having plastic surgery.
Maybe just since he was a plastic bitch.
Or maybe he called her the ice prime of Princess.
He said, never use the word ugly.
This is the Daily News's word.
It never in quotes.
Spencer was quoted by the Associated Press and saying the comments were a fabrication.
I would never call Hillary Clinton ugly.
He said that's outrageous.
I didn't do it.
Maybe if he had the balls to say like, you know, that would have been good.
The Daily News term is accompanied by a photo of Clinton as a teenager.
The Senator later, Joe, to the reporter saying, my high school picture was cute.
Oh, God.
You know who she looked like when she was young?
What's her name or daughter?
Right. Exactly.
That same grotesque care to you.
Oh, my God.
Chelsea.
Oh, brother.
It's exactly who she looked like.
Just like Chelsea.
The apple and fall far from the tree and that crowd.
I'll tell you that.
Chelsea Victoria Clinton arrived three weeks early on February 27, 1980 at 11.24pm.
While I was recovering, Bill would put his foot on my throat, yank me by my hair and say, woman, don't spoil her.
I said, okay.
Chelsea was sold by her opium addicted father when she was eight years old.
Chelsea looked at him and said bad things about her daddy.
That sealed the decision for Bill.
I didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
But even more frightening at the age of 15, Chelsea had come back to haunt us.
She escaped and returned home only to be sold again to a whorehouse.
Who would want to do that to kids who had never done anything to them?
Me.
Hillary, Rotem, Clinton.
Chelsea said, come on, mom, don't do it.
Oh, yeah, right, I said.
Looking like a dazed fox or who had just been pummeled in the ring, she leaned toward me and whispered in my ear.
You bitch.
Oh, I love it.
See, what qualifications has she got to be present?
While she's a senator, you know, one of a hundred and she was once married to Bill.
And that's it.
That's her claim to be.
While she's a brilliant lawyer and she's almost as brilliant as Conor Mollisa,
although she isn't a great concert pianist.
What work did she say?
I bet she she's got one.
In fact, I bet you both have got one.
1196 votes.
Maybe that would be.
Wouldn't that be the ticket?
Yeah.
That's a big of the ticket.
But I sure hope they don't lose too much more.
Well, here's the caveman guy, Cospot.
The pissed off caveman.
I love that.
I like that.
He's not the moving walkway.
The man in the air.
So easy a caveman can do it.
Oh, yeah.
And then he backs up and walks back to him and looks at him and gets pissed off.
Like he, the perpetually pissed off caveman.
Get a haircut, Rico.
They're great.
Like I said, I have no idea anything about their insurance.
I never had their insurance, but there's spots.
I got on the phone call, guy.
Yeah.
12.
Hey, how's it going?
I mean, how can you beat that?
1196 votes.
We'll have 1200 before you can say Joel Feinberg's losing his ass.
Or daddy's ass.
Which best describes the U.M. football program of no interest to me?
400.
A third.
A full third of this audience couldn't give a flying joys less.
A disgrace 278.
A dynasty 132 was that dynasty as the constipated Britsy, a dynasty.
A joke, 120.
Thugs 74 has moved up nicely on the head parade.
I hate this full 73.
Exciting 62 and boring 57.
1198.
Flod's is pretty boring when he keeps playing these little girls' schools.
Didn't they lose to Houston?
Or I dream that.
They lost to Louisville.
Well, Louisville's not a little girl school.
No, they're not.
Well, they almost lose to Houston?
Yes, they did.
Or did they lose?
I believe.
No, they didn't.
They won by one point.
And they damn your lost to Duke.
Well, we got all the suspended players, you know.
See, you can rip them an ass all day long because it doesn't make any difference.
Because there's nobody from the university who might be listening to this show anyway.
Nobody.
Except maybe Mike Rezenthal, maybe him.
In fact, I would be surprised if he and Robert Greeper are sitting together right now.
Arm and arm around each other's shoulder.
Listen to this show right now.
Can you see it?
Can you envision it?
I'd rather not.
Jeff Milken and Stacey Mitchell on TomPain.com write about Walmart's drug deal.
You just, you just salivate.
Every chance you get to rip Walmart an ass, you know.
They're evil.
Yeah, are they hateful?
But other than that.
Yeah, but not they're great.
I'll get to that momentarily.
Don't forget, by the way, the man cow's show.
That's the one we didn't get.
I'll set a reminder.
Mm-hmm.
I think the obvious question is, is it any good?
I mean, you know, you hear about him, but I've never heard him on the air.
Plus, if it's on regular terrestrial radio, it's got to be like, highly sanitized, isn't it?
I imagine.
These days?
Because one thing I'll tell you right now, Steve Lapo, who is strongly associated with Norma Kent,
doesn't want to be starting to lose his license over there down there down the...
up the dial, whatever the hell it is, up the road.
And you want to know where that station is license, too?
Oh, I lost it.
I had it on there.
Well, I think it's Royal Palm Beach.
Okay.
We're going to hell out of this.
Up the under.
It's up the road, a piece, okay?
But they've got a big booming signal, baby, and they're going to kick our ass.
No.
They're not going to do much.
And, Romeo, man, I see Jim Sarni's all emotional.
Oh, Jim Roam show, who's been missed locally so badly, he'll be back.
Yeah, right.
You should live so long, you old toad, you Bufo toad.
That's Jim Sarni, man, a walking Bufo toad.
You know who told me that?
I give up.
Little birdie.
Oh.
Let me tell you right now about my good friends over at Lou Backroach here,
relating for over 20 years I bought all my cars from these folks.
Because they give me rate service, they take good care of me, I'll tell you that,
and they'll give you the same spectacular treatment, like they've been giving me for over 20 years.
They're serviced, they're salespeople, they're selection of cars, are unbeatable.
And right now it's Lou Backroach here, where they raise to a thousand for the first time in their history.
They want to sell a thousand cars in one month, and they're going to do it.
They've got the biggest selection to do and use cars, including the hot new Corvette,
the ultimate sports car.
It's like a dream come true, man, when you get into a Corvette.
They got your trucks, your SUVs, and many bands, the biggest selection anywhere in the universe.
They've also got used cars starting at just $3,995, every one backed by a CarFax-1T.
And like I said, Lou Backroach is out to sell a thousand cars this month,
and they're staying open every night till midnight to get that thousand done.
Forget the price, make them an offer, and they'll beat any deal they ever heard of.
More money for your trade, they give you a 0% financing, rebates up to 6 grand,
whatever it takes to get that field done, and to get their goal.
Only at Lou Backroach, Chevrolet with two locations are in Pompato Beach,
a quarter mile west of I-95 and Cork on a Creek on 441, just south of the Saga Rast Expressway.
Don't forget Lou Backroach is taking it open until midnight every night,
so get your ass over to Lou Backroach right now, and get the best deal in history on a Chevrolet
you've ever gotten in your life, and even heard of.
Check them out on the web at LouBackroach.com.
The biggest name, the best challenge in business,
is Neil Rogers, the sports radio 560 issue.
Hey!
Get out of my car.
Yo, what up? This is Kay Fed, Kevin Fedeline.
I'm a daddy again.
Get some ain't no one hit wonder.
Take that music, critics.
Anyway, I sure know one of the known as Kevin Turtle Lines,
so I've created my own commons, introducing Federliners.
Federliners are different.
They're condoms that chick square,
because I believe birth control, like pretty much everything else in life,
is a woman's responsibility.
Federliners.
And Federliners are built for my pleasure, just like a chick that wears them.
Federliners.
To tell your wife, girlfriends,
a nanny and other, or whatever you sleep in with at the moment,
to go down to the nearest drugstore and pick up a package of Federliners.
And make sure they pick up something to eat to.
I'm starving.
Oh, and some beer, and I ran a couple of video games.
And I love those.
The smokes, and some ice cream, the dessert, and so on.
And all of these.
All of these things.
Right.
One moment, please, I got a very important hot story back here.
But I got to reach back.
Is it hot?
No.
Not one of those hot pages.
Jesus, how long is this thing?
Mommy Herald says, when state representative Ralph Arza found out over the weekend
that another legislator had filed a complaint claiming Arza slurred the black chief of
AIDS schools, he started drinking any God-mad.
Arza called a colleague, representative Gus Barreiro,
and left him an angry message on his voicemail,
cursing him out and calling date superintendent Rudy Crue the N word.
That was the same thing, a racially insensitive profanity-laced voicemail.
Barreiro had complained about in the first place.
The upshot, Barreiro called the police Monday, saying he felt Arza's
diet trap was threatening.
Police would not have a tape of Arza's phone call, and a second anonymous call
made hours later said they've opened an investigation.
On Monday night, Arza issued a stunning apology in an email to the Herald
saying he has trouble controlling his temper, especially when he's
drinking.
He also asked Barreiro his family and voters for his forgiveness.
My emotions got the best of me, and I left some offensive and shameful messages.
Arza said, I've embarrassed myself, my family, and a constituent-size serve.
At times I've had difficulty controlling my emotions and anger.
I've noticed his problems made worse in those occasions when I've been drinking.
Saturday night was one of those occasions.
Arza said he'll seek immediate counseling.
Maybe he'll miss forward and get a package deal.
What do you think?
What kind of package?
Ferrell will show you.
Arza left the message on Barreiro's cell phone Saturday.
The day the Herald reported that Barreiro had filed his complaint against Arza,
and a high-end year with public in, with the House Rules Committee.
Sometime after Arza's call, someone else called Barreiro on his cell phone,
and after threatening message calling, Barreiro, a snitch, rhymes with, you bitch.
Barreiro declined to discuss the investigation and did help confirm receiving
the two phone calls between 8 p.m. Saturday and 1 a.m. Sunday.
Barreiro says he recognized the first caller as Arza, and his caller ID displayed Arza's number.
He didn't recognize the voice of the second caller.
Arza told the Herald he doesn't know who the second caller was.
You know what the second caller said, though?
Why didn't we get that morning, sir?
No, he said, Hi!
Arza's message, Barreiro, said, referred again to crew and used the racial epithet.
And the past, Arza, strongly had not used the slur, and in Monday statement,
continued to insist he's been unjustly accused.
Said Barreiro, he used the word again.
He once again used the N word.
The only difference this time is that the recording is saved.
The one who didn't specifically threaten Barreiro,
his tone was very threatening Barreiro, said, Barreiro declined to say and he tell what Arza said,
or what was said by the second caller.
Hi!
I have to take the threat seriously, said Barreiro,
and my immediate Republican, I felt it was threatening.
And it goes on, the beat goes on.
And South Florida politics continues to be generating into like a viral brawl,
but you're crap.
Now, can I get back to, um, Ploemart?
Please.
Begging me.
Oh.
Don't forget, mad dog at two, power hour with Hank and the mad dog together, four to five.
I wonder how that did.
Now, do I have that hour by hour thing?
I'm assuming you thought it is.
Well, I got to hear somewhere in them and I miss all this just ton of stuff that you sent.
One moment, please.
Well, there's that thing about MEN 640.
Well, that's our new format, the music of your life.
I can't wait for that.
What's your work with it?
A bigger part?
Could it do worse?
Worst than what?
What are you picking on now?
Who and what are you picking on now, man?
You name it.
You picking on Kenny Walker and Boa, uh, camper again?
Boa, Boa, camper?
Not necessarily them.
Including them.
You picking on the sports segments?
I told you.
That's any months ago the sports talk radio is dead.
I told you that.
Lots of go?
Thank you much for that years ago.
Well, I'm always, I'm always way ahead of a crew.
I got this in here somewhere.
Oh, here it is.
Here's the attack scan.
I'm happening.
Kill that.
And what hour am I looking for?
Three to four.
Four to five.
That's the power hour.
Four to five p.m.
We go from a one nine to three to a two three.
And then the hopper goes all the way up to a two seven.
We got to hopper and hour in the dumper.
And then six o'clock drops out of a one nine.
That's the summer book.
The summer book.
Remember the summer knows that was a theme song from summer 42.
Jennifer O'Neil was in there and Gary Grimes.
Well, I sure like Gary Grimes a lot.
Whatever happened to him.
He just he vanished.
Who?
Next you remember the summer 42 in the class of 44?
Nope.
You never saw that with Hermi?
No way.
I got a little squirmy for Hermi.
Black and white.
Have you heard of it?
Was it a black and white movie?
Get out of here.
Black and white.
My ass.
That's what I heard.
Jesus.
God Almighty.
You are so out of breath.
Googly.
Googly.
Googly.
I'll do it.
So black and white movie.
What's it going to do for me?
Dance and weeks in the orchestra.
I'm only a sleepy person.
I wake up at wings.
All right.
Music.
Music.
Jennifer O'Neill, Gary Grimes.
Gary, how was your plate asked you to recognize him from some spots he's already knowing?
Punk.
And there were only like two people in the whole movie.
There were a whole lot of people in it.
Summer 42.
And Jennifer O'Neill, her husband is in the war and she gets the telegramming or husband.
We regret to inform you any dying action.
And then so Hermit comes over to us.
She gives him a little action.
This is punk kid, you know.
Everybody that make it.
Well, I would think that they probably did if she's been to do you know,
unless they did with their clothes on.
I don't remember.
It's it's an old frick, man.
I know.
Summer 42, 1971.
That's only 35 years ago.
We always talk about movies from like 72 like the Godfather.
Okay.
And Network 72.
Godfather.
Well, we were delivering like we said we like get out of here black and white.
My yeah, and spots.
So let's see, four to five.
We had a two three.
See, I remember doesn't mean anything to me because it's only a month of that is the new lineup.
And I'm sure that Joe Joe Bell is going around saying, well, you know,
this is the brand new line of don't be making a judgment.
Now he's just a couple of weeks.
Plus, of course, the tremendous promotion that the new lineup has gotten is in none.
We got to wait for some of that to work.
Some of what that promotion that it hasn't gotten yet?
How come we're not faxing to the other stations all around town so that they put it on the air see people fax me stuff like that about men 640 because they know this is a show it's got an audience,
including the biggest male audience of any show in the market.
So all gee, we can just get near the talk about us.
Yeah, right.
Well, they all think of near will talk about us all the listeners over there are going to come over here.
Aren't they?
No, we're talking about faxing another station once is doing a talk show in this town that would talk about it or rush.
Rush is on right now.
Did you roll me?
Yeah, but in fact, is that the fact you're home?
He roll me man.
He's tight with.
Hey, remember when who was on the show wasn't Moana show?
I was.
I was forgot about that.
That's right.
Tony Bruno Tony Bruno.
That's the show that.
Yeah, that mode was on.
Well, you sure have a memory for stuff like that.
I want that was that big call.
Ask me.
I'll find it here.
Well, I'll tell you one that we can still play.
Oh, yeah.
With George, with George doing the, uh, the coma, the paper.
Oh, I need a call over with a mole.
I'm all my sir.
I'm so proud of the fact that it's fun.
All that hostility and a hate that that was really ugly period.
To say the least.
I mean, you put him in me together.
That's pretty ugly.
But I got him to ditch the wig.
It was a piece looks so much better now.
No, looks like a hit there now.
Does he really does?
Kind of scary looking now speaking of a doctor that did that hair piece.
Thanks for taking me in the seat.
Dr. No, it wasn't Dr. Dudley.
Huh?
Oh no, it was this one.
The doctor that performed the surgery on.
Take it with some.
Didn't need the same doctor that performed the procedure on your two pay.
The doctor who performed the surgery.
Yeah.
Huh?
Take about it while, mole.
Let's add to the build up, baby.
Abugar.
Abugar.
Red.
Yeah, really sad.
I teen to one.
But I'm going to tell you between Greg Reed and what we got going on.
Pop had Greg.
Look what we got.
So it was just serious when I came in this morning.
It was like giving you a little time or what?
What did you shook my hand?
You shook it?
Sure.
Vigorously squeeze it a little bit.
Oh, that's good.
Did that little tickle thing with his finger?
Mm-hmm.
He ought to squeeze and tickle and, you know, could do something with us because boy, I got news for you.
The rest, it's like it's like when a ship is sinking, you know,
Yeah.
In the middle of the ship, like stays afloat.
You know what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
Try to make an analogy here and doing it very poorly.
And all the rest of the ship is crumbling around and falling apart.
You know, just the things.
All the time that we got the mad dog back on there at two.
We did see some evidence of that in the summer book in the last month.
You know what I'm saying?
Yes.
We got back up to a three nine between two and three.
That's because of the mad dog, baby.
He keeps a big chunk of our audience, man.
In fact, we got audiences with chunks.
We're going to spread some around.
Now, if we could just keep a chunk of that show in the morning.
Speaking of chunks, your carpets, man, are full of crap.
There's all kinds of germs and stuff in there.
Well, most of it, of course, you can't see with naked eye.
I would hope, unless you're real slob.
But my friends who drive concepts have been cleaning my homestrowable 21 long,
excruciating years and they never let you down, man.
They come there and they drag clean your carpets, which sucks out.
Even the deep down dirt and the fibers of your carpet
makes them look like you had brand new laid right there on the floor.
And of course, when it comes to being unhealthy,
your carpets are even worse than the drain in your sink
as far as schmoots being in there.
And of course, also when you have your carpets dry clean by dry concepts,
they stay cleaner longer.
So they last longer too and saves you a lot of cash in the long run.
They come out from the limit and first they dry in a couple of hours
and you're ready to rock and roll again real fast.
And don't forget, dry concepts has got a plan to make frequent cleaning easy
adjust to fraction of the cost of regular cleaning.
So whether it's your area rugs, your expensive furniture,
your drapeery or your carpeting, all of these things,
guarantee a dry concept does it better than anybody in the world
and they give you written guaranteed price up front
before they start doing their fabulous job.
No rip offs, no scams, no tack ons at the end,
just a stupendous, unbeatable job at a fair price every time.
In Broward County called dry concepts at 9.5.4.
370-7778.
Be sure and tell them that ancient Neil told you to call 9.5.4.
370-7778.
And indeed in Palm Beach, column 2.3, 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071.
The biggest name of this challenge to the faces of Neil Rogers
for a 205-cycle-dose-dose-dose-dose-dose.
And by the way, to the losers on Cloudy Channel,
gimmick didn't work.
The gimmick was afts of 9.
I appear on a program on network
which happens to be carried by Cloudy Channel.
Guess what?
Our midday guy had a lot of laughs with it.
Laughter ends at some point, my man.
And this dopeyness perceived ashtick is astonine.
Lot of trained monkeys on that program.
Yeah.
Had your fun.
The unsover.
It's your end.
Careful.
Paybacks of bitch.
It's coming.
It's coming.
Yeah.
So is the circus.
Fuck you seatbelts because when I drop it,
what happened in Hiroshima in 45 is nothing.
Because when I drop the bomb on certain folks here
and certain folks elsewhere, it's going to be painful, baby.
We don't want to get into personality.
No, of course not.
That would be bad.
1248-121-560-WDQ-A-M.
He dropped the bomb and who had to clean it up?
They get there.
MSNBC host Keith Olverman is accused Republicans
of using terror tactics in attempted game votes.
Well, they wouldn't do that would they?
No.
Unless they were alone or with somebody.
A new political ad sponsored by the Republican
Actual Committee is being viewed by critics as an attempt
to turn voter spheres of terrorism into votes
for its candidates.
The ad shows images of Osama Yamama back
by the sounds of a ticking time bomb.
I think we just heard that ticking only moments ago.
There it is.
There is a cheap Texas chainsaw massacre quality
of the whole thing Olverman said on last night's broadcast
of countdown.
In his commentary, Olverman argued that Republicans use
fear in a way that imitates the propaganda video releases
from the terrorist organizations.
Part of what Olverman said, the commercial you've already
seen is a distillation of everything the administration
and the party in power of Friday to do these last five
years and six weeks.
It's from the RNC.
It shows images of Osama have been logged in.
I'm in the prime in Al Zawari.
It offers quotes from them as all as a clock takes
ominously in the background.
It concludes with what Zawari may or may not have said
to a Pakistani journalist as long ago as 2001.
His dubious claim that he had purchased suitcase bombs.
The quotation is followed by sheer coincidence no doubt
by an image of a massive explosion.
These are the stakes appears on the screen quoting
exactly from Lyndon Johnson infamous nuclear
scarce spot from 1964 and then it says vote November 7.
There's a cheap Texas chainsaw massacre quality
of the whole thing.
It serves immediately called the mind the occasions
when President Bush dismissed Osama as somebody he
didn't think about except obviously when lessons were
near.
Frankly, a lot of people seem that commercial for the
first time have laughed out loud out loud but not
everyone and therein lies the truth the truth
right to this country.
The dictionary definition of the word terrorized is
simple and not open to misinterpretation to fill
or overpower with terror terrified who were
spied to nation or fear.
No police at the words violence and death are
missing from that definition for the key to terrorism
is not the act with the fear of the act.
That's why I've been loud in his deputies and his
imitators are forever putting together videotape
statements and releasing virtual infomercials with
dara threats and hard stopping warnings.
But why is the Republican party imitating them?
Been loud and puts out what amounts to a commercial
of fear the Republicans put out what is unmistakable
as a commercial of fear.
The Republicans are paying to have the message of
been loud and the others broadcast into your home.
Only the Republicans have a bigger bankroll.
That's what Keith Oberman said you go Keith you
let him have it baby stick it to him.
Till they get to him they'll go get to him.
I'm fearing for that.
Maybe you'll have to hide in the hills there with Doug Thompson
known to comment today from Capitol Hill Blue.com
are you depressed well not that they don't have habeas
corpus maybe they you know they got it got it.
Got it.
I'm his corpus sir Lane and the road somewhere we like
in corpus Christi from 158 boats on the pool not too
shabby man will do a lot about 14 day blah blah blah blah blah
huh okay okay okay okay get back to Walmart you keep
sure we offer this because you want me to knock him
again.
Jack Wilson and Stacy Mitchell right in time paying
to come we Walmart recently issued a press release
announcing this counts on some generic drugs and
tap area stores it's exactly is probably hoped for some
favorable publicity in Florida media so Bentonville surely was
festive the next day when sweeping headlines like Walmart
this generic drugs for four bucks a month ran nation wide
off it on page what a newspapers after anybody advertising
even a multi billion dollar corporation can buy Walmart
naturally pumped out another press release last week announcing
drug discounts in 14 other states the company enjoyed
another PR bananze by national headlines promoting $4
generic at Walmart but the media did consumers a great
disservice first there are still no price cuts whatsoever
for Walmart customers in 35 states next Walmart isn't
discounting generic drugs in general it offered the $4 price
on 291 of the several thousand generic drugs commonly
available further even a can who look at Walmart's
initial list reveals just 124 different drugs later
increased to 143 so where did the 291 come from one need
to look past the letter a to see 12 different variations
of the common antibiotic a moxasillin many other common drugs
appear multiple dosages including some already available
other stores for less than four bucks in the end of global
corporation made a business decision to discount a small
portion of one product line even Walmart says the discounts
applied less than a quarter of their generics and received
prices publicity promoting its low-press image the
benefits of Walmart and harm the competitors was huge
and immediate a pull by the Wall Street Journal found
just 13% of respondents indicated Walmart target of
other mass merchants were their usual destination for filling
drug prescriptions that was before Walmart's PR stunt after
the media barrage and matching offers by target and other
mass merchants a stunning 50% of those respondents said
they would likely very likely are absolutely certain
befitting prescriptions of these stores they should think
twice true some people need one of the chosen drugs and
like insurance will save money but unless choppers check
out advance to see if their needed medications like the
select few they're likely to become victims of what the
National Community Pharmacist Association calls a classic
bait and switch unfortunately the relative cost and
benefits of buying drugs and various sources remain largely
unknown to most people contrary to common perception the
evidence overwhelming indicates independent pharmacies not
Walmart or other chains offer the greatest value in 2003
the state of Maine research prices of 15 common prescription
drugs independent chain pharmacies of all kinds statewide
the 10 lowest price pharmacies all were independence beating
all five Wal-Mart's in the study around the same time studies
by New York City and senior action council in Albany also
were firm lowered overall drug pricing independent pharmacies
and chain competitors while it's natural to assume the
vine car drug chains or mass merchants translates into lower
prices independent pharmacies not complete quite well through
group purchasing efforts in many cases much lower markups
and independence not a complete on price they do it while
offering more than just pills in 2003 consumer reports magazine
surveyed 32 thousand readers about their experiences at
thousands of pharmacies including independence chains and
most of the supermarkets and mass merchants the mass
merchants had a small age on price alone independence
trounce the chains and overall value by an eye-popping margin
the survey found independence were more likely than all
chain stores have needed medication got out of stock drugs faster
and provided more personal attention and personal service
from your neighborhood drugstore means more than asking how
is the family for anyone taking multiple medications
their permanent detention can be crucial to avoiding dangerous
drug combinations unfortunately the credulous coverage of
all marks drug promotion is typical not exceptional last November
Walmart released a study commission from the consulting firm
global inside asserting that walmart saved 2329 bucks for an
average household that's a remarkable claim and as with
walmart's press release on drug discounts hundreds of media
outlets promptly trumpeter results and some still cite them
today one problem with the study would be obvious to any
economist the firm applied its savings rates the average household
income of 61 grand not the median which is 43 thousand grossly
overstating savings for most Americans and study itself on
the walmart depressing effect on wages lower household incomes
less limiting more than two thirds of the supposed savings
more over when the economic policy instance to think tank
partly funded by unions analyzed global insights methodology
it found fatal flaws including major internal inconsistencies
and a first that fails the most rudimentary sensitivity checks
but e.p.a.s analysis has received scan attention
admittedly walmart's act and one positive impact increasing
awareness of generic drugs but the massive promotion budgets
of national change can lead even critical fingers to perceive
often wrongly that change provide greater value than your neighborhood
businesses reporters and editors should help their readers make
fully informed choices not providing independent analysis not
just a pro form a quote from a critic when walmart issues its next
press release Americans should know they don't have to choose
between competitive prices and quality service they likely can
receive both at local businesses that invest more in their products
and services than just public relations sounds like a shot of
walmart again to me the biggest day of the best talent
be a man we still have you mister cross dressing Halloween costume
wearer
cross dressing Halloween costume wearer
we know how you longingly look in your wife's closet when she's away at her
mother's wondering to yourself how a slinky silk cocktail dress
with feel against your manly skin
you killed two birds with one stone mister cross dressing Halloween
costume wearer creating a party costume and satisfying your deepest desires
control top pantyhose your does the trick
so this Halloween when you see edge of from shipping in a wig makeup and a
sequined evening gown make sure to cat call and compliment
mister cross dressing Halloween costume wearer
a real American hero
cross dressing Halloween costume wearer
all those shoes at a die for do they come on the size of their dudes
haha haha
oh yeah they bet they do happy Halloween to you man just go out there and act like a real jerk
like an real idiot and a lot of you will right well not me anymore
there's no excuse to go out there and act like a jackass I wish I could
I wonder if like Josh goes out there trick or treating I wouldn't say trick or
treat me just getting drunk
that's not a excuse to get drunk you tricks that's the number one hobby and well
that's what the pages do in my phone is just to go trick or treating
he thought they liked it from 174 votes on the full we're not going to get to
14 and we'll guarantee you that we'll get to 13 something that's because we
didn't push in my fault sorry it's about their hurry can so we don't care
is about that especially when you consider looking at a number of people just don't
care for care from 174 votes of no interest to me 425 which best describes you
in football programs 425 people say we just don't care and like I've always told you
if you didn't go to school there or somebody your family don't go to school or didn't go to
school there why should you care anyway right or get a tattoo of them oh my
god or wear some of that stupid paraphernated that ugly orange and an abuse
color yeah oh my god where a cane shirt that didn't go to school there Josh
is he wearing a cane shirt today yes I am
you know now I know why you like no seriously I know why he likes fight
a man so much because he and totally required so much in common but it
ellipse you quite the banana see what I'm with an e the pearl because the
singular and I see so it was saying it right but I don't care whether it was
that wasn't the point it was just annoying you know it was a grito thing
it's in quite the banana 50 banana yes stick your bananas where they're
going don't shine go back to cincelia get out of my face god it's just like my
remember I was raving about Montreal and how much I liked it I went to the
casino there I like it the first time which is blind like that place sucks and
the food there they have fabulous restaurants but they there's all those French
people there man they suck and you're sitting in the casino and some old
troll sitting next to you know and you ask a question in French and you'll say
I'm sorry only speaking English and then come to find out they speak perfect English
too and two minutes later they start talking they hockey in French again we we
we ha ha ha you know there's my South Florida cracker mentality is just coming
to the fore again you know the for unlike South Florida here just about everybody
speaking in place I mean you know and we got certainly much more cultural diversity
they say this is the most diverse and perverse city in the world is what they
say you know that who says that that's for cash to know is benefit the whoever they
is you know they they who say a lot of things over there I think yeah they say
over there we had a two two at nine and a seven at ten I'm looking to these
hour by hours that's why we got that big finger up there and a lot of it was
George baby and Josh let's give George and Josh a big pet on the back no money
but a big pet on the back good job great job and then of course we got a nice
goose back up there in September when what's your name what's his name came back
on air you sit back up again a little bit you ought to be mighty proud of that in
fact I'd be running around a building holding making copies of this plastering
and on walls on doors seven wall seven oh eight one six seven and seven four
and the six point seven and seven four by the way beaten the crap out of rush you
see Clarence as you know he continues sending me the waxing numbers like we
really care about you know we care about them as far as opposed to our sports
hours numbers the other 20 hours a day on the station but that's not our competition
he's still too stupid to understand that our competition is IOD and INZ
scared America and and Nazi radio you don't get that and now of course we got a
men radio wonder how to come normal he was always giving me a son of an
about James crystal list and Steve laugh at that and they would like to have you
on her station all this other crap you know didn't happen was there an offer
made no and if there was he couldn't see a little anyway just like that deal
with serious or just realize they got a story printed out here and I got like you
know don't you hate it when you're well of course you don't print out a lot of
stuff not a little when you're going to print something on them all of a sudden
there's a bunch of pop-up crap that shows up on a part of the page well I don't
have that problem because I select and then print a selection
oh I'm trying to tell you to like all people do that don't waste by people
don't do they all do they all do do yes they were all doing on a ship I'll bet
on a cruise ship over the edge over no turrets how do you like that I mean you know if you're a
stuck out the middle of the desert by yourself it's making a difference although the
desert is probably not a really good place why not you can dig yourself a little
well here in the woods I mean there's like leaves on the tree there's stuff that you can
improvise and use for toilet paper in the desert there's nothing but sand I'll tell you
I guess you're going to have to to wipe with sand in your hand you know sure just
rub it wind up with a sandy you don't ask
speak of that porn star gives up candidacy to be with sick mom it's trapped off on a
right-hand margin here by the way porn star Mary Carrie you know her nope and that's the
one that ran for governor yes all right then I do since you was dropping out of
the California governor's race to be with her alien mother who's been hospitalized
in Florida since jumping off a forester since jumping off a
forester a building in last month oh god Carrie who shot to worldwide fame with her
quick shot of gubernatorial campaign against Arnold in 2003 set her mother was in
critical condition at a four-letter to a hospital facing surgery as much as I
want to help the state of California be a better place I think it's more important to be
with my mom and help her Carrie said you see if the rest of the world would just
civilized we could spend all of our time having nonstop orgies and parties and just have a
great time you know that's what it's that's where it's at that's what we need is
people like this broad Mary Carrie all right I think it's more important to be
with my mom and help her she said the written statement her mentally handicapped mother
jumped off the building last month I'm only 26 have many more years to be involved
in politics but right now I must be in Florida with my mom for now I just like that
here in my to pray for a healthy recovery for mommy the star of such adult title to see
this a lesson who she is and all film title says boob is bill sorority girls is
running as a writing candidate in 2006 because she failed to gather enough signatures to be on the
November ballot last week Carrie followed leave the shorts and I guess democratic
challenger state treasurer Phil Angelini's in demanding that NBC TV host day Leno
give her equal time on the night show following the governor's recent guest appearance on the
program I guarantee you Mary Carrie will get a much bigger tune in an honor or guarantee
of that oh yeah when you think and and if she's the grow up in a her who's going to care
here's a policy suggestion from somebody what do Americans do better than anybody
else in the world to get poll is it I think the choices they gave so far make love
waste time party slice get intoxicated just y'all Josh's alley when he's not trying to
be a Toby McGuire kill flute lie make war deny reality spend money on crap
medicine and movies I would agree with many of those when you're sure but that
first one there make love better than anybody else in the world I don't think so
but then you won't what would I know about that right right I guess like
Clinton would say it all depends on what what you mean by the expression what
making love is to me that's a stupid expression anyway it is it not just
nobody uses it because most sexual well whatever there's an awful lot of
sex when I'm it has nothing to with love let me put that one of course George I
finally figured out yesterday while I was eating my ice cream did you yeah
you're you're not just like my mother you're like a combination of both of my
parents oh excellent yeah my mother on the nagging side I thought the run the
cold-hearted side well I didn't start out that way you know George learned to
a bit of experience to no fault of his own if there's no such thing as love that's
what he would tell you I was a doe eyed optimistic youth and here I just
took that poll a couple weeks ago about falling in love every few minutes man
when you're out in the bar as Mark Foley would say
hmm hey I got news for a man there are many times including the other day
would buy twice twice I saw people in there I thought to myself like that but
you can't touch because you get smacked in the mouth and probably so of course
you never know maybe they might like it as the father said over there in the
multi-hit look like he was enjoying yeah he seemed like he enjoyed it he was
saying yeah he's that what's not not to like isn't it wasn't that that was an
old Campbell soup that wasn't good that's what Campbell soup so I'm ready yeah
ask a chicken I kill remember those I don't like those old radio spots yeah
the fact that I googled that and thought out that he was bored and
stirred just Michigan out that has no significance to you but it's just I mean
what are the odds of that I mean it's a small it's a small time I was the
program director there in WSTR in Sturgeon's Michigan worked for a real jack
ass his name was Lee Drozher he's a real jerk but then again how many how many
times do we work for anybody who's not a jerk now we work for a guy now is a
pretty good guy he's like you know Joe Bell he's okay he's a good guy not a jerk
not exactly a talk radio drive and he's he's okay in his own bizarre way doesn't
talk bad about me behind my back but I know of you he does all of them just like
you talk me about about we have behind my back just this morning all the time
that's what your mutual friends yeah I know I was I was telling him about that
just the other days matter fact when he was up here thinking about you I'm sure
he's talking about you right now he has issues okay
that's the lady issues that's the way it goes are you are you heteroguisments all the
same you always wind up neurotic with them females yeah I was old fags like
me we don't have such issues I have to worry about that that's not true what do
me by that I've known a few feagues to fall in love and get all wrapped up
around somebody and oh that that sounds pretty good get wrapped up around
somebody uh huh getting all of seven is this whole frozen now or something or
is it just a we reach the end of the line he flushed it a pro 99 I flushed it
but there's David Gergen on there who's only on what about 80 times a day on TV
uh oh god get back on your way get lost he'll open the lady goodbye I do like
it I have a chocolate so he does it good point I do like a loop back road Chevy
too that's why by all my corvettes there and not only that also a bug to some
other vehicles there as well because you can't beat him for service selection
and of course sales great Nelson's taking care of me for about a hundred years
now over there and you'll get the same spectacular treatment loop back
road like I've always got and you'll go back again and again they know how to
do it right and right now it's loop back road Chevy's raised to a thousand
for the first time in their history they want to sell a thousand vehicles in one
month and they're going to do it this so this month during this October they've
got the largest selection new news cars including the hot new corvettes which
is believe me to die for trucks SUVs and minibans the biggest selection
anywhere in town and it also got a lot of their used cars starting just 39 95
everyone backed by a car-fax guarantee loop back road is out to sell like I
said a thousand cars this month and as a result they're staying open till
midnight every night to get to that thousand number by the way keep that in mind
if you ever do the show when you fill in and don't get a thousand votes stay
until midnight until you get that thousand all right forget the price make
them an offer and they'll beat any deal the ever heard of anywhere it's more
money for your trade-in zero percent financing we've made up to six grand
whatever it takes that's what my buddies at loop back road will do for you only a
loop back road Chevrolet with two great locations for you they're in
pomp and obitio quarter mile west of i-95 just look for that gigantic
American flag and also in coke on a creek on 441 just out of the soil grass
and don't forget they're staying open till midnight every night so get your
butt over to loop back road right now this is a week we got a week to go in
October and get the best deal in history on a great new Chevy or check them out
on their website loop back road b-h-d-h-r-o-d-t loopback road dot com
the biggest name of the best talent is the real rock sports radio 560
Q-A-M
Absolutely
Alcada Alcada
we're gonna take it and we promise no
Bahamas you'll have to bring us on a Alcada will take it off the cuban
sea
but there's the fake ones on a moan
I forgot that's where the bad folks go to get away from it all
there's nice present
we're everything clear or riskless
we really intend our patience for man we're gonna be
down in Guantana Alcada Alcada
who we're gonna take it and we promise no
Bahamas we're gonna do bring us on a
place where you sound though don't you want like
talk about what's on it
what happens there will you don't want to know
that's where Alcada
I'm right on my hair
get it to my turn
I'm afraid we're going on a half year take it
13-11 votes on the pool not too bad we got the mad dog coming up at 2 o'clock
I'm sure a lot of gnashing a teeth all week long about those 1 and 6 dolphins
and next saving being such a jackass and despise and hated by all
no sound those promos on those rejoins at the one for a terrible amount of time
I know
and just ripping saving an ass and well deserved by the way you know he doesn't get any brownie points for me just because he
coats a Michigan state you know big big stink and deal
so the Duffy Dore deal can he's dead
how do you like that Nick your team sucks
let's see they got to buy next week
yes they do
and then after that the beer is how much of a
oh brother in Chicago no less
yeah that'll be fun fun to one in seven oh brother they're going to be talking about
nationality there would be a lynch mob I think there could be a lynch mob waiting for Nick when the team comes back to Chicago
if they play even remotely like they played against any of these other teams including their miracle victory over Tennessee
if they play like they played in those seven games against the beers it's going to be like 63 to zip
and it won't be at the 63 for the dolphins either
am I right?
yeah you're right no doubt it's going to be really you glean baby
and I also could be right about the fact looks like the papyrus got that division locked up okay not not because I mean
they're doing fine that's a good division
well you just your heartless you know just brutal
what do you mean I mean the pictures the jets are okay and then you got two turrets and buffalo my
bills suck in the dolphins are an embarrassment
they're like hanks is the worst in the history of the franchise
I think the same an era is almost over
absolutely
you know when you deal with a guy like that
who who who lets you know right up front that he's real upside about the media and his thin skin
they're just going to go ten times as hard on him as they would ordinarily you know and send his
the wrong town for that that's for sure
if you want if you want to have a thin skin
status out for it it's not good for your complexion
you get cancer that's right get that big big
carcinoma if the elections for Congress were held in the accord of the new newsweek pool
60% of white evangelicals would support the Republican candidate in their district compared
to 31% who would back the Democrat to be uninitiated
it may sound like hearted news for Republicans in the automata discontent but
if you're appointed a poll or a preacher you know better white evangelicals are a cornerstone
of the GOP base in 2004 exit polls found Republicans carried white evangelicals
three to one over Democrats getting 70 for
for a four four four for Southern vote
in turn evangelicals carried the GOP to victory
but was a little more than two weeks before the Christmas at two weeks from today now
the Republican base may be cracking it says this is in the newsweek
if something doesn't give and quick Republicans will view 2004 as the good old days
55% of likely voters in the new newsweek pool
say they voted the Democrat in their district if the election were held today again
37% of the city voted Republican that's not surprising
but the new pool suggested from the leans of bell weather voting blocks to voters
priorities that a possible Republican loss could turn into a route
take white Catholics when voters went for Bush in the 2004 election
this time 44% of them plan to vote Democrat versus 42% of the
plan of a Republican among independents 44% support the Democrat in their district
while 34% support the Republican and voters have more faith in the Democrat
stand on almost every major issue present in the pool conducted Thursday and Friday
nights of last week through phone interviews with a thousand dollars on a rack
Democrats 46 to 34 on the economy 45 to 35
federal spending 52 to 30 at 29 and health care 57 to 24
it sounds like dolphins scores on losing end
but Democrats shouldn't start measuring for the drapes in the speaker's office
just yet compared to the newsweek pool two weeks ago
taken the aftermath of Miss Folies congressional page scandal
Republicans seem to be closing the issues gap
at least on the issue where they've traditionally enjoyed greater voter trust in Democrats
the October 5 and 6 pool gave Democrats a lead on moral values
42 to 36 are stunning reversal of every previous pool
while Republicans have we take them their lead on the issue
they've stopped a slide in the new pool 41% of Americans say they trust the Democrats
more on values and 37% said that they trusted the GOP more
how about we don't trust any of them how do you like that that's my idea
yeah they're all a bunch of crooks the Democrats are just a buffer
remember what they said to the godfather got a lot of buffers on the street
what was that guy's name with a mustache?
uh... cheeky
yeah very good
well I teach you that is shocking
you have to teach
you teach my own
you can quite the banana
and I had to take a banana and get lost
okay just go home and take your ugly wife with you
this guy he was like you know just a guy you know
maybe 35 40-ish she looked like his grandma was his wife
he had a hunger the size of the onkers unbelievable
Italian with a big nose I don't believe him
not an Italian nose
she was believing
what?
grotesque
oh probably had a lot of cash though you know
which best to express see that's one thing about you man
you know see that's where you made your bad mistake
what's your gonna be you know if you're gonna be miserable all your life
at least marry into a family it's got loads of cash
millions
millions
never did think along those lines
where you better start right now
right now
yeah that is
let's see we got 35 minutes ago
oh my god 1320 we need 80 votes for 14 emperors
do you think we could do it in 35 minutes
that's a little more this more than two a minute
if the audience is in it we can win it
1320 on the money
which best describes you in football program
I'm not gonna read the you know it's as pointless as it is boring
they suck
and they're scheduled who don't make up that schedule
it's almost like the whole concept is
let's keep playing teams that are weaker and weaker
and schools that are smaller and smaller
and maybe we'll find one we can beat someday
and actually we're convincing doing it
as opposed to escaping by the skin of her teeth
you do realize that they can easily
lost the Houston game and the Duke game
right well you know they got a lot of problems
at the end of their schedule starting Saturday
so we'll see what they got
they got Georgia Tech and Virginia Tech
by Boston College last year
Boston College is a ghost and Doug Fludio
be there to kick their ass
when you think?
didn't VC just beat somebody pretty good
it seems to me I couldn't dream that
but I'd say I don't pay much attention
it seemed to me they just beat the crap out of
like a decent team
not a girls team like a hurricane
26 past one and five 60 WQ
where we are really
express intensive man in Georgia and too happy about it
and either is the audience
let's just get us to say
the audience is they're just
they're not into it okay
there are actually there are as many as the people out there
that are don't live directly they may actually watch the game
they may even go to a bunch of games
but they actually outside of that
their motto isn't necessarily
other than sniffing jog straps
I guess it all depends on who is wearing it right
I'm sitting pressed about James Franco
I don't know whether a screen or he
maybe he'll look better in the cycle
I sure hope so
he was like a punk
he was a scrawny
and it made me think man oh man
this guy was losing weight
he's Jewish though
talking to guy named James Franco
of course maybe that's not his real name
that would be unusual in Hollywood
and Chauvinist
let's have Jewish Italians
go there
it's a different experience
experience the difference
Mercedes-Benz of Papano
it doesn't matter what time of the month he purchased a vehicle
seriously if I had a baseball bat
and Gary Surner's head on a plate
I'd spend all day just bashing and smashing
he's just he is what he is you know
anyway whether it's one of the brand new 2007 Mercedes-Benz luxury sedans
the 2007 GL class
the first Mercedes-Benz full size SUV
or their large selection certified pre-owned cars
you know you're going to get one hell of a deal
when you choose Mercedes-Benz of Papano
you've got over 200 employees dedicated providing
incomparable service offering you express
lube rhymes with
courtesy vehicles and complimentary car wash
making employment through the business development center
he even earned dealer miles just like frequent flyer miles too
browse Mercedes-Benz of Papano's indoor expo
with over 150 new and pre-owned vehicles
they go to benzpapano.com
experience the difference at Mercedes-Benz of Papano
and what a difference it is
call 1-800 new bends any BMW B-E-N-Z
that's 1-800 new bends you'll find with i95 and Copen's road
for Mercedes-Benz of Papano and Mercedes-Benz
either like no other be sure and tell them
that Gary Surner sent you by
the biggest name of this
challenge the business
for your Rochester
for your 20560
you AM
holy mackenaw
this is still born the voice of the Toronto May beliefs
and your listening to the hockey authority
Neil God
absolutely
nearly not straight
far from the whole world
you fairy
oh no
another type of publicism
or a list we have
Rayman Neil Pan had the ring that day
and
one of the best
don't you read the Christian
broads when you feel the
proudest yeah
yeah
yeah
that day they came
with food
food
food
food
food
food
food
food
food
food
food
food
food
food
Here's a Sunday party, all done, pony, my pony
All having too much fun with too much rolling
Here's a Sunday party, all behind that
And on the other hand we're still on our laurel
The other women is this holy stormer chief of staff, that he told Hashtag staff as early
as 2002 or 2003 of concerns about folie.
And also there are members of Congress, members of the leadership in Hashtag.
They're breathless men at NBC, House Speaker Dennis Hashtag testifying before the House
ethics committee totally unexpected and they're like breathless stuff Brian Williamson is
peeing on the counter.
What if we're going to lie?
Any such conversation?
Sorry.
So Mike, knowing as we do that the speaker of the House is in this behind that wooden
door behind the Burmare wall and the House ethics committee room, what's happening in
there?
What kind of open format does the open maybe take?
Well there are four fellow members of the House of Representatives who form the subcommittee
of the House ethics committee, it's officially known as the House standards of official conduct
committee and they'll be questioning Hashtag about the timeline.
If you judge by many of the people that have walked through those same doors over the
past three weeks Brian, what they're doing is trying to establish a narrative about who
knew what and when and what if anything they did about it to try to stop Mark Foley from
some of these inappropriate context.
I wonder if the House ethics committee got the donuts laid out the ones with the sprinkles
on them for the days and ones who like best.
Oh, but hey, it's someone in crispy creams.
I heard that Foley likes them and well anyway, 1340 voters on them.
Look at that.
I don't think we're going to get to 14.
Look at what they have.
You're going to see the House back in order to end from other people to the day of
told his death much sooner than that.
I got a hunch here he's going to get his ass off.
1340 on the UN Bash poll today, what best describes you in football program?
I mean, you've got a couple of positive choices on there like dynasty and exciting, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
And if you have the nerve to vote for those, we don't know you.
1342, that was a good year and we're going to be 58 for 14.
Let's see, 24 minutes 58.
I don't think we're going to do it.
Me of little faith, I think we're going to fall short.
And you know what, too bad.
We're not going to, we're not going to French on mad dogs territory and stay over past
two o'clock just to get to 14.
We had a thousand like quarter to 11 this morning.
And speaking of that roaming business, I guarantee you wouldn't be hearing about Danny
Haster testifying before the House Health Committee on the Jim Romischot.
Not really.
But neither the happy neither, Haster.
But very seriously, stop thinking about this.
You know who that's going to hurt from Noon the three?
At least a Noon the two part of it.
Which station is talking sports between Noon and two with their point each year or whatever
they got?
Not across the street.
Yeah.
So once, once, Roomy comes back on and once Jim Astarty starts to hoffin and puffin,
look at the job Jim Astarty did getting a good job for his buddy Evan Cohen or whatever
his name was.
What was his name?
That was his name.
In fact, we got Evan on the schedule this Sunday morning, 10 to noon.
Well, I thought the Panthers were playing again on the Sunday morning.
This, this clearance man.
If any, any rational person who would look at this schedule, they realized this, this
kid is lost in.
He is just, he is collapsed.
He has suffered a emotional and mental collapse.
Maybe he's got woman problems or maybe Robert cut him off on one or the other.
He has issues.
You know what I'm saying?
No, please.
Cindy, she and says, is it Vietnam yet?
I better do the break early.
Yeah, I think so.
Well, I don't want to interrupt her.
I hope so.
She's got a big pair, man.
I have a lot of respect for her.
She's got guts.
Just like what's her name?
What was her name?
The head of the guts, Susan.
Oh, geez.
A powder.
Not, yeah, Susan powder.
She had a lot of nerve going on there with her ugly ass and peddling that stupid ass
dire hers.
Oh, and speaking of stupid ass dyes, guess who is ballooned up to gigantic proportionate
and still doing the spots?
Kristie Ali.
Yeah.
Have you seen them on where she's answering the door and the girls got, I don't know,
selling candy bars or some other way she's peddling?
She's as big as a house.
And then of course they've got her, they've got her slivered into an outfit.
It's about four sizes, two small, you know, they had a pair there with a shoe horn.
Wow.
She has bursting out all over that bitch.
Kristie Ali.
All we can say is, first she's a Scientologist.
Oh, yeah.
It's a good place for neurotic people.
So maybe you ought to check it out.
People that have neuroses, no they can.
1352 on the pole, maybe we could make it to 14 if Dracula pushed in that first hour, man.
He's still, he's dancing around the building because his bucks pulled it out there at the
end.
Maybe we're going to have Swarth's Negra's out of 13 point lead over Philanze ladies and
Mary Kerry she ain't even on the list there.
They like Arnold, man, not because he's a good governor because he knows his ass from your
elbow or 50 in Quenta, but he just, he's Arnold, you know, one of those things.
If like Toby McGuire was running for a Senate, which I think he would win.
Yeah, sure.
Spider-Man or James Franco, you know, before that before last night, I would have voted
for James Franco, but after seeing that movie, the movie was really enjoyable.
Well, you'll like the second one better and James is a little bit more grown up.
So, yeah.
It's not, that's just a question of grown up.
It's like emaciated.
He looks like, uh, what did he, he's had some meals.
And the Queen, too, he's, well, if you ever butch up and watch Tristan and his old, how
you're really good there.
And he looks really good on my wallpaper on my, um, desktop.
Let me, let me take a look.
Yeah, he still looks good.
Up, up, up, up.
On my desktop.
Hey, it's Donald mattresses 30th birthday.
We got to give him like a little jingle.
Do you think?
Do it.
Well, if I can find the damn thing, here it is.
And it celebrates their 30th anniversary.
Donald mattress and Simmons are offering the lowest price of the year on the best selling
Simmons beauty rest pillow top.
You can choose from South Florida's biggest selection of Simmons beauty rest.
And of course, you get same day delivery, like always with Donald mattress.
I've used them for over 20 years, man, a long time.
And it's their 30th birthday.
Well, I sure wish I had that thing cute up, you know, but I don't got to real service,
real savings.
There it is.
When you live a good, clean life, you can choose from South Florida's biggest selection
of Simmons beauty rest like I said, if you're finally ready for a really great night sleep
for years to come through the smart thing.
Forget about those bedding and departments, thores and shluffin all over town, are wasting
a lot of time and gas and money.
Called out of mattress with that one easy call 1-800 mattress for no nonsense factory
direct prices and award winning service.
Donald mattress has got 12 month financing and with Donald mattress, they deliver when
you want them to you pick the two are window ones convenient for you when your ass is going
to be home and they show up seven days away from eight in the morning till 10 p.m.
You pick the time 11 to one one to three two to four four forty five to six forty five
they'll even show up on the same day that you call and Donald mattress delivers just
about every time.
That's why Donald mattress is ranked number one in the world of customer satisfaction
and my all of us at QM use Donald mattress on the web check them out at dialometrist.com
or call that tool free number 1-800 mattress 1-800 MATTRES leave off the last as because
it stands for Spectacular Savings and Sales Rules.
The biggest name of the best hotel ever.
The best is Neil Rogers for radio 560.
Possibly the saying got blessed American pasteies and a G-string up here.
I'll do it.
We're going to have we need 40 votes and we got 15 minutes man we're going to fall
short I can I can smell it already.
I'm Kim Jo-jeele and I'm so thrilled.
I just make history.
I read the views on my nook.
It is a first for me so you'll better watch out and then a bomb you'll see.
I got a bomb you see.
Oh yes, I'm a bomb you see.
I got a bomb you see.
I got a tiny man.
I scared your friend.
I got a bomb you see.
Just what you said.
But I don't care.
I'm more shroomed-out as big as my hair.
I got a bomb you see.
I got a bomb you see.
I got a bomb you see.
I'm pouring serious.
I'm going to pour you in.
I got a bomb you see.
I hear this voice like this.
14614 goes to you.
1362 is that what's you that better refresh it.
I don't know why I came up with that 14 number.
I just pulled it out of my spot.
Spotty ass.
1364 there's the gecko.
I'm really tired of the one to get really good.
I hate the gecko.
That's the only thing I like about their commercial.
I mean I didn't mind him in the beginning before they came up with a good set.
Who now wants you to the gecko when you go to the cave and the verna like all these in a world.
Right.
From the fallen call gecko.
Help him get.
Hey how's it going?
Anyway, American soldiers shot and killed four wacky farm and after mistaking their fire tender.
For one hijack by insurgents.
US military headquarters just said what is a fire tender?
They tend fires.
You tell me.
Is your fire tender?
After receiving word that a fire truck and it's cruel we just hijacked.
Coalition forces pulled over a fire truck matching that description.
So the statement describing Mondays incident in the western city of Fallujah.
When the on-arm fire fighter has got out of the fire tender,
US soldiers open fire and kill the mistaking them for armed insurgents.
Well, they're a little touchy over there as you can well understand.
Which is why several of them many of them are not saying we want to come home and cut the crap in this war now.
You see that?
Yes.
1364 man.
We need 36 votes in 13 minutes.
That's just out of our, we can't 30, 30, 1366.
We're going to be like run on the precipice of 1400.
They're going to leave us hanging in the back.
Can't you feel it?
Can't you feel it?
I feel some of them.
Probably the FIU crowd.
Cindy sheens is in Vietnam yet?
With the midterm elections looming dangerously close to east from today,
and with public opinion now, position in Georgia's failed foreign policies crossing the two-thirds mark,
the White House announced that they're going to present their public government
of Iraq with a timetable for US withdrawal.
This reminds me of Richard Nixon's secret plan to remove US troops from Vietnam,
that he touted in his new electoral victory over Hubert Humphrey 1968.
The US plan for withdrawing from Iraq would include disarming militias
and training more Iraqi security forces to take over security of the country,
which sound suspiciously like Nixon's Vietnamization program.
With the insimpient war-monger Kissinger, we were wondering why Iraq was such an armada-gated disaster,
back in the Oval Office advising George to this smell like a fiasco to anyone else.
Unbelievably, even though my own son was killed in Iraq,
I'm often told that the US deaths in this young century's first conflict for profit
are negligible compared to Vietnam or a drop in the bucket.
I have terrible news for those raffwing carnage Confederates.
Iraq is even deadlier for US forces in Vietnam.
In the first three years, seven months of the illegal and a moral occupation of Iraq,
2800 of our volunteers, your soldiers, have been tragically killed.
In the first four years of the illegal and immoral conflict in Vietnam,
1864 conscripts were killed.
The disparity in KIAs is huge and the implication of this makes me nauseous.
October's turning into one of the grisliest months for soldiers and citizens in Iraq.
With Henry Kissinger visiting Georgiana semi-regular bases
and with the beat of the death-rums pounding for Iran,
we can recall Nixon's invasion of Cambodia
and the resulting carnage in Southeast Asia and the violent protests
like Kent State here at home.
Apparently, Nixon's secret plan was increased slaughter
and I should have been thinking of Georgia's plans for peace.
In $2,000, the congressional hacks of the war machine spurred $161 billion
in the 14 years that Vian Vietnam dragged disastrously on.
However, that's a paltry sum.
So far in $2,000, Congress has deliriously wasted almost $340 billion.
The war machine is busy laundering the blood out of their money
before they make a deposit in the national bank of lost hopes and dreams.
The other similarities to Vietnam proved the old adage that those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it.
In 1967, Bob McNamara, JFK and LBJ Secretary of War,
in prime architect of the Vietnam mistake,
left his post as primary civilian death deliverer to become president of the World Bank.
Similarly, assistant secretary of war and prime architect cheerleader
and liar of the Iraqi mistake Paul Wolfowitz,
left his post in the war department for the apparent next logical step of President of the World Bank.
Evidently, it's not only in Bush code that one's pensions for butchery is rewarded handsomely.
Across the country, our fellow Americans despair that young people aren't involved in the anti-war movement
where there isn't as much activism as there was during the Vietnam years.
Historically, the anti-war movement is much more active in a relevant and this conflict
than in the same time period during Vietnam.
There were enormous demonstrations before the invasion of Iraq
because millions of people around the world didn't want to be witnesses to another bloody struggle
and I didn't want to be killed,
didn't want killing to be waged in their names.
Good reading.
I myself have been involved in an enormous demonstration just in last year, right Cindy,
as the news coverage on the ground in Iraq vast vastly differs from the news coverage in Vietnam.
So does the coverage of the anti-war movement which is terribly under reported.
Recently, Congress members from California wrote a letter to RUMBO to request that
the Pentagon remove embedded reporters from CNN out of Iraq because surprisingly,
CNN showed some ghastly footage of Iraqi snipers targeting US troops.
No one wants to see death as it happens unless it's fictional
and increasingly Americans are realizing that just because we're not showing the shocking images
doesn't mean that they aren't happening.
We are beginning to come out of the media-induced coma and contradict Bush-Cost perception
that Iraq is a hotbed of happiness and democracy.
No, we, the people, are realizing that the criminals who put our young people in an avoidable situation
are the ones to blame and the shocking images will stop when our troops are brought home.
In Vietnam, we sell Lieutenant convicted and later pardoned for war crimes in the horrors of Mealai.
In Iraq, we've seen a few privates and specialists be similarly prosecuted for the horrors as
Abu Dhabi, after he had known, Nixon, Johnson, McNamara, Kissinger, etc.
should have been prosecuted for war crimes and crimes against humanity.
We all know what happened to each of them. Kissinger won Nobel Peace Prize,
McNamara went on to the World Bank, and the President's retired an infamy
to the restates in a cozy lifetime with their families.
Did any of them have regrets? McNamara's or feelings of abject guilt? Probably not,
but we know for certain that none of them went to prison.
For this cragmeyer of Iraq, we, the people, must make sure that Bush co-cannot
retire their ranches in Crawford or Paraguay or estates to live in lives of relative ease.
They must be prosecuted and imprisoned for the murderers that their policies and greed have caused.
Wars for profit will not end until those responsible for causing them are forced to face their mistakes and pay for them.
You go, girl. There is more to it. I don't have to read all the last paragraph.
She says, is Iraq the Vietnam yet? Yes and no. Yes, the people are dying for no reason and the continued death is justified by
not cutting and running. Yes, the families are being destroyed and our
treachery is not only being emptied, but trillions in the red. But also know, Iraq is worse than Vietnam.
She said, 1380, baby. We were right on the precipice of greatness. So we made 1410 by two o'clock.
I think I might squeeze myself. Not too tightly.
Hmm. You think? Well, I don't really know.
1382, when you're 18 votes in seven minutes and there's Miss Potter again. She's all whipped up.
Some analysts say the turnout could actually be low because many voters are turned out by the lengthy and often negative
campaigns, Brian. So it looks like she just smelled somebody and maybe the camera man had real bad the egg fart.
Wow. You see the way she wrinkled up her nose, Miss Potter.
153 and 560 W to QM. It slaps your face every weekend, man. Every Friday through Sunday at the M.O.C.
The best Chinese defiant town. Three locations for you. You'll find the M.O.C.
Post in sunrise, Pembroke Primes in sunny Isles and over 100 different delicious items featured on Emerald Coast.
Amazing buffet. Although I'm crunchy and delicious too, by the way, nothing soggy in the goopy.
Six delicious gourmet soups, delicious, succulent New York steak grilled at order, juicy and fantastic.
Handcar primer, the sushi, traditional Asian dishes, a salad bar and a...
Seal bar. And the dessert bar is spectacular. All Josh has to do is hear the word bar and he immediately lights up like a hana
bush. And the dessert bar, the Emerald Coast is spectacular too. We can feature the 40-inch mouthwatering chocolate fountain.
Handip your strawberry, all kinds of fruits, marshmallow, cheesecake, other deck of the treats and loads of milk chocolate for dessert a perfect way to win the gigantic
pick out at the Emerald Coast. No headaches because they don't use any M.S.D. only the best. Healthy cholesterol-free canola oil.
And right now when you go in as a party of four asks for the Neil Neal, you get $5.60 off your total check with four paying adults.
Emerald Coast open for lunch and dinner every day. Call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22 for reservations.
9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. They'll forget every day it's a Neil deal day and Friday through Sunday it's slops to best only at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
The biggest name of the best talent sick of this is Neil Rogers for 20-5-60-EU-AM.
In 1996 we need four votes in two minutes. Anybody could do that right?
You think it's David?
Anybody? Before he was for 1400, do it or I'll say so.
WQ-A-N.
You failed.
Several days ago I commented briefly on some recent statements that have been made by some members of Congress about Iraq,
and it's important to make this point at the outset.
The President of the United States purposely misled the American people on pre-war intelligence.
American soldiers and Marines serving in Iraq go out every day into some of the most dangerous and unpredictable conditions.
These brave Americans were sent into battle for a deliberate falsehood.
Pre-war information was distorted to corrupt the oil for food program.
There is no denying that the President lied to the American people.
This is revisionism of the most corrupt and shameless variety.
It's also something I enjoy.
From the reasons I've stated this, I believe the feeling is probably the same for most of us in public life.
The President and his administration paid our country liberties for which we stand.
They dwell in the shadows, have no regard for the laws of warfare, and feel unconstrained by any standard of morality.
The President of the United States is dishonest and reprehensible, and none of us should want it any other way.
Thank you very much.
