Hey, it's, uh, I'm almost out of here and time to bring Neil in from north of the border.
Good morning. Yeah. What's up? How you doing? It's Wednesday. It's woodbind day. Oh, I hear that echo in it back with all of that. I don't know.
Anyway, I had my chat with Joey yesterday for about a half an hour. What a great guy. Man, like I did not tell you we've been released from death row.
Great. Sure today. Well, good for him.
Anyway, I talked with you a little bit yesterday. Yeah. Yep.
Great guy. Yep. Radio guy. Radio guy. Sales oriented. Right.
Not interested in any charity cases in the building. Nope. Oh, yeah.
In other words, more like business than we ever have been. You know, we've been too much monkey business last eight years.
I think we're like real business like a radio business business things like that.
Got a couple of good articles on Sam Alito here. Yeah. Oh boy. Yeah. I'll get to him. That's not a good thing. You know, that Lindsey Graham, that little Yahoo redneck from South Carolina.
That's on the committee. Did you do your committee? He was one of the people coaching Alito in the White House, which totally illegal, by the way. Yeah.
And then he's going to vote on his nomination. That is illegal. Yeah.
Yeah. There's a whole bunch of a hanky, cranky behind there, but the bottom line is, you know, people want to waste their time watching the exercise. Go ahead.
But it's the fixes already in. And then Democrats are, you know, but it would be better.
We've been a lot of my asking the tough questions like always. And then when push comes to show,
I was 20 or 22 votes against and he'll get confirmed. And there goes, you know, Roe v. Wade and there goes a lot of your freedoms right down the toilet.
Meanwhile, Bush is out there ripping a Democrats for ripping the people who are critical of the war.
Still, it's the whole thing. You know what? You could pick up last year's newspapers.
You see the same thing that you're reading this year. That's correct. And that's because the media goes along with it.
Most 90% of the mainstream media, just a bunch of shills. They're all in his pocket anyway. So what's the use?
And now that they're going to like the conservative government in Canada, it's just these people also one little taste.
A little taste of fascism, I guess, is what everybody likes. You know, just dabble in it for a while, assuming that you're going to be able to get out of it.
So you're going to woodbind this afternoon? Yes, sir, two o'clock straight up and down. I'll be out that door, man.
I'll be on my way. Huh? Gulf Stream is running today. Well, there you go. Go over to Carter and punch your guts out.
I think I'll pass today. Why is that?
How are we going to racing your Gulf Stream so far?
The stakes have been good. Yeah. I'm not talking about the food. I'm talking about the, oh, yeah, the steak races are good. Yeah, the rest of it has been, was been in the past very ordinary.
Lots of cheap climbers made and raised.
What it is? When did you, I think you and Gulf Stream had a falling out about the same time?
Don't go in him. I got to tell you something. They just had to not stage great racing over the laundry. If we're not like they used to or great concerts, either, you know,
well, they're out of the concert business. When are we going to bring back Johnny Maestro and the Brooklyn Bridge one last time?
Well, there's no concerts that I know of this year. Yeah. Well, they probably don't have anywhere to hold them now. Well, they got plenty of space. Do they? Yeah.
I mean, I think I can see what's over there one day. I want to see what once they get to slots. Of course, most of my slotting will be a pomp and a park, but I think one of the slot, you know, slot and four, and we'll be spectacular.
Roller, here you go. I will. Although you said it'll be spectacular, but I mean, they're limited. Isn't it 1500? Yeah, but I mean, the facility is going to be beautiful. Right. And they're going to have, you know, big. And by the way, 1500, nobody think that's a really small number.
I mean, it's not what they would have liked, but 1500 machines. Monets says because with Bimes got 1700 and it's pretty big. It's a heavy duty. Yeah.
I mean, at no point you ever go in there and see, although I will say this two weeks ago today, the Wednesday between like right after Christmas and boxing day here, that whole week between Christmas and New Year's and a little bit. If I would have realized there would never gone there.
Man, you could really get a machine of any kind. There that place was just jam packed at week because most people, you know, take that whole week off.
And so that place was just hoppin. How'd you like to have in a tax free account somewhere in Jerusalem? The revenue that they took in on that one day? Wow. Unbelievable. Just cranking it out.
I would like to have a tax free account. Yeah, like Ted Harrison. Oh, let's knock it back on. Don't want to do that. That's enough for that. I still say, man, they talk about all this corruption going on for crying out.
I can you imagine the amount of money that's been smeared in the legislature and elsewhere to keep gambling out of Florida over. And I'm not just talking about this lot. I'm talking about over the years. You know, about the time it's been on about that.
The money that's been spent unsuccessfully to bring gambling in. Yeah, I bet you it's more. Maybe upfront lots of money. Lots more upfront, but not behind the scene.
Lots of money has been spoiled. I'm a change man. You're getting smeared really good. What's that guy that's still fighting the one guy that we found out was a total phony up in Orlando fighting against the slots that he wants to put it on a ballot again. They're disguised on the payroll with the Indians.
I can tell you that there are people in business and Nevada. We have been spending a lot of money in this day trying to get gambling here.
I can't see any way they can keep that out. What's to prevent somebody else from doing it?
Because they won't pass a law for it. They based on what they can put in slots, but I'm talking about, you know, for casinos with Blackjack and Roulette. Nice.
I think it's about some time somebody made the Fed as governor, an offering can refuse, you know. Cut the crap already. Can you imagine?
I don't care what anybody says. You know what? I think that's a good idea. And you know what? I've got a suggestion. Yeah. We take them out to, you know, like the ranch. Put something in his drink. Let him wake up in a bloody bed.
Oh, that's bad. That's bad. And it's on my time now too. That's really bad. What seems to work with a hooker like that senator from Nevada. That's exactly what I'm talking about.
Our upstanding righteous governor with his very functional family there. Let me tell you the Corleone family. Yeah. My offer to you is this senator. Nothing. Yeah. Even talks like Jim. Who's that? The Corleone family.
Go back to the days of racial beauty. Yeah. He was a good old boy. Yeah. Oh, well, until he got in bed with that hooker. Well, nobody who she was. She was like an illegal alien stuff like that. Maybe we should get the governor's son to when it's like always having
a hanky, cranky problems, you know, booze and rods and all that stuff. Yeah. That family is a little dysfunctional. It's a good that we got a good religious righteous family up there with a Christian, you know, jails and Christian education and Christian Christian corruption. It's great. Yeah.
Yeah. Wife is smuggling. Yeah. That's right. Everybody in the family is dysfunctional.
At any rate. Yeah. Don't lose too much of cold. You know, I don't think I'm going to. Come on. Come on. You got to feed the breed man. You know, you're a horse owner and lover. You got to go out there and feed the breed. They got a need.
You're convincing. Oh, yeah. Well, you know, Miss Relus company. I'm going to go out there and probably lose my answer. It's such a good day on Saturday. And I'm not going to happen again. Yeah. I had a good day Sunday. I'd like to keep it for a few days. And then on Monday, I got off for Martin Luther King day on Monday. I'm taking that day off. Are you working Monday or not? No, I'm going to take off.
Oh, that's president's day. That's good. We don't want. We want to like balance it out. We don't want to be like during all those holidays. Yeah, it was suggested to me that it would be a good idea if I did that.
Really? Are taking off. They're actually taking a look at things like that. Yeah. Wasn't that amazing? Once the last time that somebody came to you and said, we have these two days company deal here. You can take either one off. Which one do you want? Well, one did that ever happen before.
I mean, what is it now? Just a matter of like two weeks or a week and a half something like that. We got a new GM and all of a sudden the whole agenda has changed the whole approach. Like a real like people count, you know, it does seem to be some attention to detail. Yeah, attention to people as opposed to just the people in a certain.
I'm going to say something you should see the way that sales department. Yeah, is a buzz. I would imagine. I mean, yeah, the last couple years you walk over there and you could drop a ball.
And you might wake a couple people up. Yeah, now I'm the godfather house. Paulie. Oh, Paulie won't see him no more. Well, that's the same with the several of those people in sales right now. Well, they are hustling.
Won't see them no more. They'll be out the door. I noticed last two days. The logger's just jam packed with real spots. What's that all about? Not only that. Like I do my NCA basketball. A preview show with all those coaches every year. Yeah.
The sales manager actually asked me for background information on it. He spoke to you. Yeah, well, they used to just sell one thing at a time.
You know, they weren't able to sell more than one thing at a time. But now there's Raymond Burr actually spoke to you two months in advance of the show.
He's this respectful things you said about him on the year. Two months in advance of the show. They're going to try to sell it. That's revolutionary. Yeah, what are you?
You're right. They're scoring around man like a bunch of busy beavers back there because they know that their their days may be numbered in single digits. If they don't cut the crap.
So let's bring those spots in some so glad to hear the Greg is in a building. They maybe you can witness what the what a real radio operation is like.
Oh, head for colder now. Are you really? I got to do something to get out of here. There you go. Head over to call to have yourself the good food. Say hi to my friend Mickey.
I will. I have it. I saw Mickey asked for you all the time. Well, tell her I said my best, but I think she's a Gulf dream. Well, whatever. She's in the same spot.
Put a message in the hot word to hell and do. Okay. Have a good day. Good luck. Tons of guts out. You too. Don't be afraid. Step right up. Okay. See you.
The more son goes left. So next week on NBC. It's the two top of the world right along with those two city out the
city. There's a good long life. I got a big. I know there's days at
lines on NBC. Love and after 10 good morning. It's Wednesday, January 11. Happy Wednesday to you. Things are really looking up.
And amazing how we all have this kind of like a little in our step for something like that. A little spring. A little spring in our thing.
Nothing like that. Anyway, it's already time for that first break. Well, I don't know how we do this. Get all backed up. Hope Hank wins at
least two, three thousand out of culture this afternoon. I'm going to try to do the same. We'll spread it around and don't forget you got that movie coming
any day now. I didn't forget if I keep having good days of wood. Mine. I can keep going on Amazon.com and buy all kinds of movie. There are only six, ninety nine. I mean, it's
almost like for free when you can't wait down to it. Bargain. What's that movie again? Primal Fear. Jeff Richard Geer. Rhymes with. Rhymes with the steers.
I wouldn't steer you wrong and that one. And speaking of that, I think you'll agree with me after you watch it that he was just
finding him where he did a good job. He can't act. And I know seriously after the first few minutes you forget that it's him.
That's the only saving question that he that's extra good. No, that's why it's a good movie because if you keep thinking about it,
which you're and I can't stand that creep, then you can't enjoy the movie. You're like it. But be sure and watch it all the way through to the very end
because you think, you know, there's a point comes that you think is the end and it's not.
12 minutes after 10 at 560 WQAM. It's that time.
The O. Y.
They roll from there.
510 to 10.
There's not much.
Outside there.
There's not much.
There's not much.
There's not much.
There's not much.
There's not much.
There's not much.
10, 18 to 560 WQAM. Here's the pool.
See, I'm kind of confused. I got myself all backed in this because we're so far ahead on the pools now.
Right. Yeah, I give the result of the one that day before. We got the new one on there, but we already did the one that day before.
Oh, man. And I thought this was the one for tomorrow.
Oh, no. The one for tomorrow is going to be under about 11, 11, 30. You're even like the one for tomorrow. Have you looked at it yet?
No. You can click on where it says history there. And don't change it.
Oh, no. I don't even want to risk it. Oh, okay. Oh, wait. You're like it.
I like this one. I thought this was good. We had a lot of fun with the two for like about the first 20 minutes.
What do you miss most about your childhood? We got about 1600 votes.
Having no worries, 176.
And of course, most of these are for people that had good childhoods.
Or at least decent ones or something good to remember.
The other one will be doing on Friday.
People had crappy childhoods and hated it like poison.
Having no worries, 376. Summer vacation, 161.
No bills to pay, 146.
What I tell you, Josh, I told you that moved up there nicely. Almost got a number two on it.
There you go. In fact, on my sheet here, I do have a number two on it.
My old neighborhood, 122 and playing sports, 122. How about playing sports in the old hood?
Saturday morning, cartoon, 75. At the cameo theater and Rochester, New York. Oh, God.
There's rocket, man.
But you never really did see any of those commando coding movies.
Yeah. They've replayed them. I forgot.
I was in until like night flight used to show a bunch of things like that.
I really missed that show. They would go into like vintage, campy stuff like that.
Yeah. It was great.
But it really is most amusing. The fact that he's like such a slumpy guy.
You know, poorly, you got like an old sloppy $10 suit.
But he throws on that suit with a magic button on it and then that hood, that helmet.
Saturday morning, cartoon, 75. They were great. Sex without a condom, 72.
My parents being healthy, 68. Nothing. It sucked, 62. See, I told you.
Eating whatever you want and gaining nothing, 57.
Going to school instead of work, 54. Dittling my classroom.
I'm sorry. 44, dieting. Freedom, 44.
Baseball cards, 26. Flip it in and buy it in and sniff it in a bubble gum and chewing it and rip it in your teeth out.
Spankings, 23. They enjoyed it.
A little of their parents know that there's probably a lot of kids, a lot of people were nasty and doing all kinds of crappy stuff when you were kid just hoping you get spanked.
You really are. All of these things. Love them.
Returns soda bottles for money, 18. No deposit, no return.
Does it still say that in some stuff? I guess it does.
Yeah, but that's the opposite.
It's no bottles much anymore except for beer.
What about Coke? You still buy Coke and buy it.
Yeah, they still have them, but it's not.
That's what Noel Bush said. It's a rarer anymore.
Pinball Machine 17, comic book 16, Beledian Sandy Clause 14.
Oh, that was so much fun, I guess.
Halloween, trick and treat in 13. Spring Break 12. See, the Sandy Clause thing, your parents lied to you about that because they were taught by their parents to lie about it.
Just like the God's stuff and the two-thirty stuff and all of these things.
Spring Break 12. And those are the people remember the real good spring break.
Free speech nine. Oh, how we love that?
Hebrew school eight. Oi!
Music in Parks five, marching bands five, recess five.
Let's see, recess we said was when you go out and play in the school yard and stuff like that.
Right, then this would use it. That is recess.
I guess that was. Believe me in God for, bubble gum for, throwing snowballs to and my allowance, so lament a dose.
A lot of cheap skate parents out there because nowadays you think that these punk, how much said the kids get allowance now would you think?
Like teenagers, how much allowance do they get?
20 bucks a week. 20 bucks an hour?
Yeah, now that's of course they're doing chores for that.
They are? Well, mine are.
Now how much does the bringing get for a loan? 20 bucks a week.
20 bucks a week and coming from a desperate order like you, that's pretty good. Big bucks.
That is big bucks.
I got two articles on Alito and his whole dog and Tony show that's going on.
I'm just the spirit of Christ can tell me to read these before we do anything else.
Although we will take the one call though because I know it's going to be real brief.
Q.I.M. Hello.
Neil. Yes sir. Speaking of Ed Norton movies, you ever seen Fight Club?
I wouldn't watch that. I saw like about two minutes ago with ten times.
Oh, it's such a great film man.
It will, what's the purpose of it? I mean Brad Pitt and Fight Club?
Well, it's got the same payoff like that movie you're talking about with gear at the end.
Huh. George keeps saying no in the background.
I tried watching it and I saw like it's been on cable as it in time.
I watch about two, three minutes and I say, what's the point in this? You know, I'm not for me.
Well, that's a great segue to my next question. I have a good idea for a poll.
Sweet movies. What is it?
Sweeper movies. Movies that you know you never sleep about seeing you sleep out.
That was a great idea.
You know, like the movie Crash, I just saw recently.
Everyone has to see that. So I got to go away.
No, anybody said it was good. Yeah.
I had no interest in seeing that movie. All of a sudden I watched it because I was bored one day and it blew me away.
It was amazing.
I'll be used for that movie.
I think I've done ones like that. But it's, let's do it again.
Sleeper movies.
There you go.
And I'll put Crash right at the end of the list.
Keep up the good work, Neil.
Thanks, Kelly. We'll do it.
Okay, now that we got like a real management, uh, my one.
I'll be doing these about Fight Club, which I really wanted to like that movie.
Yes. And I was liking it up to a point.
It's all hallucination.
Well, you just spoil this. Yeah.
For everybody. For everybody. Don't say it.
Well, I'm going to take it into your primal fear now.
So they're not.
I can't do that. I wouldn't do that to you.
Thank you.
So I hate that that that pisses you off.
It's like, you know, it's just like once in a pound of time in America.
Although in that one, at least you're left to speculate whether it was like a, uh,
an opium trip.
Here's the property.
You know, it was having a whether we all that stuff really happened since movies are fiction.
Anyway, why say that it was all a dream or a whole new world?
Yeah.
Hey, noodles.
And there's James Wood.
You want to pot.
Potchen took us.
See, if he was really doing, why didn't he say that so badly?
A potchen took us?
Yeah.
I don't know. Maybe it's just a bad actor.
What do I mean?
A leader and his coaches.
This is in the village voice.
For Supreme Court nominee, the hearings are an inside game.
In the first hours of San Lido Center confirmation hearings on Monday,
judiciary committee member Lindsey Graham,
the Republican Center from South Carolina, may very well have irreparably compromised himself.
Maybe this is why if I can interject, Russ Finegold kept asking to leave the way yesterday about,
what did he get coached by anybody in the White House?
Did they tell him what to say?
You know, that must be what he was referring to.
At the hearing, Graham told the leader nominee for the Supreme Court that he already decided in Lido's favor.
I don't know what kind of hope you're going to get, but you'll make it through.
It's possible you could talk me out of voting for you, but I doubt it.
So I won't even try to challenge you along those lines.
That certainly ought to be the case.
Graham is one of a group of Republicans who have been coaching Lido behind the scenes.
The Wall Street Journal's Washington wire reported before the hearings began.
Last Thursday, Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina,
one of the gang of 14 who sits on judiciary, throwing the so-called moot court session at the White House.
The coaching session for Lido has raised a few eyebrows.
Coaching a judicial nominee behind the scenes is not the proper role for a judiciary committee member,
who most subsequently sit in judgment on that nominee, rights think progress,
a project of the American Progress Action Fund.
It could be a violation of the ethical duties of a senator.
Writing about the Lido situation, think progress, rights, Senate Rule 37,
and the Senate Ethics Manual.
The rule says, no member, officer, or employee should engage in any outside business or professional activity,
or employment for compensation, which is inconsistent or in conflict,
with the conscientious performance of official duties.
Think progress further sets the ethics manual, saying that language has been interpreted as prohibiting compensated employment
or uncompensated positions on boards, commissions, or advisory councils,
where such service could create a conflict with an individual set of duties
due to appropriation, oversight, authorization, or legislative jurisdiction as a result of Senate duties.
If this is true, how can Graham make an impartial decision about Lido based on what he learns about Lido,
what the hearings, Graham's already made up his mind?
He was coaching him and he's sitting there like that, and impartial, he's going to judge from America.
How do you like that?
Nothing most of them have made up their minds, but this is right.
We above and beyond a call of duty, if I can say that, can I say duty?
No.
If we can't now though.
So, Graham's in a building.
Great. Go and give him a big kiss on the lips.
Do you want that kiss like, remember when Michael gave Frado that kiss on the lips?
Oh.
And the Godfather, do you remember?
The kiss of death.
That was the one.
Yeah, see what's that under.
What is that under?
GF.
No, no, I know that.
She's got all my teeth.
Don't ever take sides with anyone against the family again.
Yeah, that was the...
I know, maybe you, Fred.
Very, very good.
You broke my heart.
You broke my heart.
What's wrong with you?
I think your brain is going to start.
Exactly.
Oh, it's time for the break, damn it.
And then the other one about the Elito Testimodo you won't hear by Stephen R. DuJack,
who was supposed to testify, and he got blown out.
And I'll tell you why in a second.
About that...
Well, I'm going to get to it.
C-A-P.
That Princeton organization.
In the law of blacks, either in the right, I suggest mentioning that.
27 past 10 at 5, 60 WQA.
If you're in a dead end job, if you feel like you're being underpaid badly,
if your new year's resolution is to get you a life in a high-paying career that will make that possible,
act now.
Pick up the phone and call Fast Train toll free at 1-866-Train.
Fast Train will get you trained already for a great new high-paying career in just a few short months.
That's all it takes.
You can get yourself a new high-paying career in a life in just a few short months.
The demand for medical coding specialists and computer professionals right now, as I speak,
is at an all-time high.
And fast train offers you convenient day, evening and weekend classes, job placement, assistance and financial aid for people to qualify.
So pick up that phone and call Fast Train toll free at 1-866-Train.
Fast Train is placed over 100 people just like you in 2005.
So check Fast Train out on the web at fasttrained.com.
But act now in order to obtain that new high-paying career because fasts are thrown up real fast.
Don't miss that train of opportunity this year.
Quit working for peanuts.
Get yourself a big fat paycheck and a life that will go along with having that cash.
Call toll free.
This year make your news resolution a reality by calling Fast Train at 1-866-Train.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16.2.8.
Bow!
Get a quick one.
Yeah.
Am I going up to do?
I'm not ready to show.
Yeah, why is that?
Take a laugh at Matt.
I got so much here.
There's trouble in the pattern red dying.
I got a man that joked that knows I'm afraid of the field.
There's trouble in the pattern red to die.
If I find out how fair my show blows, I have to find something else to talk about.
He's dying to beg his support for me.
How about women and how they die?
Can I take you down now?
Yeah!
Kiss my boat.
And flick my butt.
Yeah!
Take it like I don't get on.
Yeah.
Hey, like you're my janitor.
And assume a penalistic stance.
What?
There's trouble in the pattern red dying.
They might find some at the table.
They're not always over the divider.
I got a mispense.
I got a whole game.
You're gonna have to get a little bit better now.
You can't say you're mad.
You got a subtle immaturity.
Can you want to be mad?
No, no, no!
That one hurts.
10.33.
Finally, after all of those smacks, he finally got one in her.
And I'll hoe.
27 before 11, speaking of the molemyster,
he'll be alone at 2 this afternoon.
Don't you fret about that.
He'll be here with the elected or not.
Four o'clock it's a mad dog for three solid hours of mad dog mania.
Seven o'clock hurricane hotline at Bernie Kostar Stakehouse.
The beast at Bernie's at 9 to 9.
Be sure to watch what he's eating.
Okay.
In fact, he better bring his sac with him at Bernie's.
And at 8 o'clock tonight.
Anyway, Steven R. Dujack graduated from Princeton and covered cap
for the University's Alumni Magazine from 76 to 86.
He writes,
In 21st century Washington, fame doesn't last for 15 minutes anymore.
It lasts for a single news cycle.
There's the big press release.
The next morning, the major newspaper spread your name right.
But by noon, the directory port runs a shotgun blast of half truths and innuendos.
And by evening, pundits are sifting through your entrails on CNN and Fox.
Can citizen participation in government survive the advent of the Internet search engine?
Late last Thursday, Patrick Leahy, the ranking Democrat on Senate Judiciary Committee.
He showed a list of witnesses to testify with the Democrats on Sam Melito's nomination to the Supreme Court.
I was on that list, a mere writer with a bachelor's degree among all the distinguished household names.
But by the end of the day, Friday, I wasn't on the list anymore.
I had been scheduled to testify as an expert on an organization called Concerned Alumni of Princeton.
In 1985, on an application for a promotion in the Reagan Justice Department,
Alito had touted his membership in CAP, which had opposed co-education in Princeton,
and asked for strict quotas limiting the numbers of women and minorities at the university.
Alito's membership in the group could shed light on his respect for civil rights.
So how to put what happened to me?
I felt like Joey on friends when he finally won a role on the soap opera.
He could walk proudly, head held high among his more accomplished peers.
But then his soap opera character fell down an elevator shaft,
written out of the show because the scriptwriter was annoyed at something Joey said in other context.
In my case, it was an LA Times Op-Aid article I wrote.
In Animal Sufferate Propectoral Holocaust 2003, I defended PETA,
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, for using your quote of my grandfather's.
Unlike me, my grandfather was a famous man, Isaac Pachevissinger,
who would escape to anti-Semitism in Europe in 1935,
and won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1978.
My grandfather, a principal vegetarian famously wrote,
in relation to animals, all people are Nazis, for them it's an eternal Treblinka.
Three years ago, PETA built a campaign around that quote,
but critics charged that the words were not really Isaac's only those of one of his characters.
My off-head article affirmed that for my personal knowledge,
Isaac felt that way that the cattle car reality effect reforming compared to the Holocaust,
and I agreed with him.
In the era of the search engine, no good or bad deed goes unpunished.
Then again, perhaps I should take pride in being ridiculed by a US Senator John Corne in Republican of Texas.
It seems like a little bit of desperation to call a witness
as only a parent expertise is comparing meat eaters to those who stood by during the Holocaust,
according spokesman said.
The Washington Times led with a freelance reporter who compared the Holocaust to eating meat,
a right-wing blog-gloded, latest Democratic charge, Alito Zikarnovoor.
I haven't found an account from the right that I mentioned Isaac or his quote.
As it turned out, hundreds of decent honorable Holocaust victims
and their families were deeply disturbed by the original essay and have apologized public for it,
and apology I read a rate here.
Sometimes using an extreme example to make a point is a bad idea.
Sometimes a quote really doesn't belong in a new context.
Too bad my latest attackers don't get it.
Bill Bradley, Princeton, Class of 1965, future Democratic Senator,
quit cap and discussed within a year after was founded in 1972.
Bill Frist, Class of 1974, a future Republican Senate Majority Leader,
publicly censured the organization.
But capsified to become more anti-woman and anti-minority.
In 1984, a year before Alito proudly proclaimed his membership,
Cap's magazine had published details of an underage female student's sex life and named her allegedly by mistake.
A few issues before that, in the piece about blacks and Latinos,
the magazine editorialized, people nowadays just don't seem to know their place.
In response to questions about Cap Alito has proclaimed his field to American principles of equality,
but when he had a chance to make a real statement,
that when Cap was spreading its poison, he boasted of being a member.
That's the story that should have gotten its 50 minutes this week,
but you won't hear about it from me.
How do you like that?
So here's a guy that was supposed to testify,
but you won't hear about it from him.
God forbid.
So we know what this, in spite of all his protestations,
and but it would be, but it would be this whiny piece of right wing turd that's sitting there right now.
We know what he is.
He's just another good, the card-carrying Nazi, a Reagan Nazi, a Bush Nazi.
That's all he is.
So all the naive folks out there who think, oh, he's okay.
Like they take a pull before the hearings even started.
They take a pull on CNN and Gallup.
Oh, 52% of Americans think that he should be confirmed based on what?
They wouldn't know Sam Elito if he could knock on an under-dure at three in the morning in a bathroom.
They don't know who the hell he is or what he stands for, what he believes in.
It pushed chosen.
Then he's a good person.
Of course, they also asked if he wants to undo a Roe v. Wade.
And he should have been confirmed.
56% said no.
How do you like that?
But of course, that was kind of like the secondary pull.
We saw at the end of that piece.
Brother.
All right, I just got a pretty good pile.
Did I might just plow right on through it and make you happy?
Yeah, what?
I haven't had a plow through the pile day in quite a while.
A pile in a while.
Have you had a pile in a while?
Just this morning.
I'm not talking about piles.
Oh, no, not those guys.
I see.
I think at 11 o'clock I'll change the pull to the one for tomorrow.
When the hell did I start this?
Why and why?
Why did I do this?
Because I mean, if it's confusing to me, well, what the hell difference is it makes the audience doesn't give a crap?
They don't care whether it's a one for today.
I mean, does it have like a label on it?
Don't label me.
Don't label me.
Don't you love that line?
I just, especially from gay, closet people.
Don't label me.
Okay, do fair.
Oh, sorry.
Yeah, I'll change the pull at 11 o'clock.
Okay, here's what we got.
1642 votes on this now.
What do you miss most about your childhood?
How about cotton candy?
Well, it's too late to add anymore on because I'm getting rid of this.
How about cotton?
How about the, like, well, we always said amusement parks.
But the, like, we're filled with the fair, right?
The gold, the fair, elephant ears, cotton candy, all that.
Yeah.
Oh, boy, sure miss cotton candy.
Candied apples.
Having no worries, 386.
Summer vacation, 167.
No bills to pay, 150.
Playing sports, 127.
My old hood, 123.
Saturday morning cartoon, 78.
Six without a condom, 74.
My parents being healthy, 70.
Nothing, it sucked, 69.
Eating whatever you want and gaining no weight, 59.
Going to school instead of work 56.
Diddling my classmates, and oh, look at that.
Eric finally changed the spelling just before we take this off.
Well, Diling was doing pretty well.
You can imagine how well Diddling's going to do.
Diddling my classmates, 46.
Freedom.
You ever died of your classmates?
No.
Freedom 45, baseball cards, 26.
Spankings, 23.
I sure would like to have did a lot of my classmates, but oh well.
Returns soda bottles for money, 21.
Comic books, 18.
Pinball, machine, 17.
And boy, there was nothing when you were going to school, had a good machine, man.
Believe me in Sandy Claus 16.
Spring break 13.
Halloween, trick and treat and 13.
Hebrew school 9.
Oh, you have a free speech 9.
Amusement Park 5.
Why would anybody miss going to Hebrew school?
It's kind of stupid, if you ask me, huh?
The parties, the babes.
That would be like, caplessing, you know, miss the being abused by the father.
Amusement Park 5, Marching Bands 5, recess 5.
I believe in God for, bubble gum for throwing snowballs too in my allowance only two.
And I still say, well, the throwing snowballs means they don't miss the snow.
No snow here, by the way, should point that out to you.
There's not a flake.
There's many flakes downtown, especially on Young Street.
Sparison change, Mr. but other than that, there ain't no flakes.
No snow.
In fact, it's going to be 45 today.
There is no such thing as global warming, just keep that in mind.
That's why it's going to be 45 degrees in Toronto today on the 11th of January.
That kind of shocking.
Not that I'm complaining, you understand, but it's a little bit strange.
When it gets to be like 147 in Miami, then you'll start, maybe some of you'll start coming around.
See, there's something a little strange going on over here, you know?
Of course, by that time, probably all the floor to be underwater anyhow.
Right.
But don't worry about those polar ice caps melting.
It's just, let's be water.
142.
We'll just all drink a lot more.
That's all.
Just drink a lot more water.
Water's supposed to be really good for us, right?
Sure, sure.
It's something there.
Resonge yourself to a better night's sleep in 2006 by making that one easy call.
They've been telling you about for years 1-800 mattress.
I haven't called these folks for a long time and you ought to be doing the same.
Nothing's got a bigger impact on the way you feel every day and your productivity and getting a good, sound night's sleep.
And you can get one as soon as tonight on a great new mattress and dial a mattress if you make that call right now.
1-800 mattress.
If your mattress is more than 10 years older with sagging or lumpy or bumpy or just worn out from all that activity on it, it's time for a new one.
Choose from the complete line of all the top names like Celia and service.
Simmons, King Coil, Sterns and Foster, who at an even tempered.
The automatrix takes same day orders all day long from Kindle to Stewart from Palm Beach to Ford Myers.
They've been doing it for years and years.
They make it a liberator offer to you that's unmatchable.
You pick the date into our delivery window when you want your mattress delivered once convenient for you.
And they show up 99.7% of the time on time.
I've been using them like I said for years and most of the Qamers are doing the same and you ought to be too.
Start the new year off with a great new mattress from dial a mattress.
Don't put off getting a better night's sleep one more minute.
Pick up that phone right now.
There'll be enough out on your door even by the end of the day if you like.
And give them a call tool for you at 1-800-MATRUS.
Or log onto their website mattress.com.
You can do your mattress shopping right there.
Dial a mattress 1-800-MATR ES.
Leave off the last S because it stands for Stupendus Sensational Saving.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q-A-L.
So that a consultant?
Yes, sir Dean.
I'd little ironful of gay romance.
They wear gay sandals and they wear tight panels.
Sandrants up above on every day.
Blessed with a miracle of being gay.
A very best of maggots in the USA.
Giving big, big pleasure in a big, big way.
A very best of maggots in the USA.
Giving big, big pleasure in a big, big way.
Oh, yes, sir Dean.
Join the big, big wish to Chesterfield Queen.
You choice of the Fags of America.
1047, I wonder what Samolito would think about that, huh?
Well, I'll ask you a question.
I just got some important stuff here today.
There might actually be 20 or 30 people out there with IQ larger than their thumbnail.
Who might care about these things?
NSA whistleblower alleges illegal spying.
Oh, my God.
How do you like that?
Oh, no.
Russell Pice.
A long time inside or with the National Security Agency.
Now a whistleblower, the agency would like to keep quiet.
For 20 years, Pice worked in the Shadows as he helped the US
buy in other people's conversations around the world.
I specialize in what's called special access programs,
Pice set of his job.
We called them Black World Programs and Operations.
But now, Pice tells ABC News that some of those secret Black World operations
run by the NSA were operated in ways that he believes violated the law.
He's prepared to tell Congress all he knows about the leds wrongdoing these programs.
Run by the Defense Department and the National Security Agency,
post-bound 11 efforts to go after terrorists, at least allegedly.
The mentality was, we need to get these guys.
We're going to do whatever it takes to get them, he said.
Pice says the technology exists to track and short through every domestic
and international phone call as they were switched to centers such as one in New York
and the search for keywords or phrases that a terrorist might use.
Like when a Babak Rande, oh, did I just say that?
Uh-oh.
If you pick the word, g-hot out of a conversation,
Ty said the technology exists that you focus in on that conversation
and you pull it out of the system for processing, like cheese, like processed cheese.
Don't you love when it says on the label, processed cheese product?
Food.
Which means there ain't no real cheese like some cheese food.
Right, there's a bunch of chemicals that looks and kind of,
it's orange and it kind of tastes a little like cheese.
It's fired by cheese.
Right.
According to Ty's intelligence analyst using information to develop graphs
that resembles spider webs linking one suspect's phone number to hundreds or thousands even more.
President Otterico is cracking his knuckles again.
I just heard that.
Knuckles are Rodriguez.
Ehh?
President.
Oh, no.
President Bush admitted that he gave orders that allowed the NSA to eavesdrop on a small number of Americans
without the usual records of war.
It's a small number, maybe, you know, 20, 30 million.
But third, man.
But Ty's disagree, he says the number of Americans subject to eavesdropping by the NSA
could be in the millions if the full range of secret NSA programs is used in the millions.
That would mean for most Americans that if they conducted a, you know,
placed it overseas communication more than likely they were sucked into that vacuum Ty said.
So like when I was in Amsterdam, I made a phone call and they might have been eavesdropping.
That's why I didn't make too many phone calls from Amsterdam.
That's why it's good thing they have that blackberry, even though George is a mom when he's got the real therapy phone.
Yeah, it asks kick.
The same day the New York Times broke the story of the NSA eavesdropping without warrants.
Ty surfaced as a whistleblower in the agency.
He told ABC News that he was a source of the Times reporters, but Ty's maintains that his conscience is clear.
As far as I'm concerned, as long as I don't say anything that's classified, I'm not worried.
He said, me, yeah, yeah, don't worry.
Be happy.
We need to clean up the intelligence committee.
We've had abuses they need to be addressed.
The NSA evoked Ty's security clearance in May of last year based on what it called psychological concerns and later dismissed them.
Ty's calls that bunk and says that's the way the NSA deals with trouble makers and whistleblowers.
Today the NSA said it had no information to provide.
They're a mom. They understand a word.
I didn't like that.
The same thing with Richard Clark and with Paul O'Neill with everybody else.
Oh, you know, O'Neill used classified information in that book.
We might have to throw his ass in jail.
And all of a sudden we never heard one more word from him, you know what I'm saying?
You understand the stupe of the extract of every one.
Exactly. All of a sudden he was mom.
And little more on the NSA.
See, you know, this is the problem is that most of us are so naive.
You know, we believe in people are conditionally with the church tells you it's true.
When your parents said you're true and with the government, the government would never lie to you.
Because after all, we're here to protect you and to take care of you.
Right.
And to rape you and give all your money to a big corporations.
That's what we're here for.
And to pollute the environment if that's what's good for big business.
National Security Agency mounted masses spy off on Baltimore Peace Group document show.
Remember that piece in Fahrenheit 9-11?
Mm-hmm.
There was a cookie eating old cockers after I had San Diego.
Oh yeah.
Tommy Terrorist.
Right.
The National Security Agency has been spying on a Baltimore anti-war group according to documents released during litigation.
Going so far as to document the inflating of protesters balloons and intended to deploy units trained to detect weapons of mass destruction.
And Ross story has learned.
According to the documents, the plaintiff resistance of Baltimore, a Quaker-linked peace group, and we know about how dangerous those Quakers are, especially when they're feeling their oaths.
Has been monitored by the NSA working with the Baltimore Intelligence Unit of the Baltimore City Police Department.
Every Quaker's oaths?
Oh yeah, sure.
Really?
Well, you know, we've all been kids.
I mean, it's kind of like a mooshie, you know?
Sure is.
Real mooshie.
I don't have a lot of room.
I like gruel.
I think it's cruel to feed kids gruel.
Don't you ever be around here?
I'm just a little bit of a sugar.
What is it?
Butter and brown sugar.
What's that?
You put it in Quaker-roaths?
Yeah, to make it edible.
Oh good.
Well, you don't have to worry about eating it for a long because you'll be dead pretty soon anyway if you keep doing that.
Well, what is the business with brown sugar?
Why is that supposed to be so much better?
It's still the same poison.
It just has a flavor rather than taste of love.
Great.
The documents came as a result of litigation in the August 2003 trial of Maryland Carlyle and Cindy Farquhar.
Farquhar?
Well, I'm not going to try it again.
Careful.
An NSA security official provided a defendant's where they redacted action plan and they redacted copy of a joint terrorism task force email about the activities of the Pledge of Resistance Activities.
The NSA established in 52 by President Truman as the largest and most secret of U.S. intelligence agencies had quoted between Baltimore and Washington DC.
The agencies got two principal functions to protect U.S. government communications and to intercept foreign transmissions.
However, the NSA's United States signals intelligence directive 18 strictly prohibits the intercepted or collective information about U.S. persons entities, corporations or organizations without explicit written permission from the Attorney General.
The revelation that a Baltimore peace group with spy upon comes in the wake of news reports the agencies also been even dropping on U.S.
The agency did not return a call, a request for comment.
The Baltimore Pledge of Resistance is part of the National Iraq Pledge of Resistance which works with the Baltimore Emergency Response Network and American Friends Service Committee, part of a national group committed to non-violent civil resistance to stop the war in Iraq.
The Pledge lobby's Maryland Congress members via letters, phone calls, faxes, emails and face-to-face meetings, members of the group are periodically arrested for peaceable protests.
Documents turned over by the NSA indicate that the group was closely monitored, and in one instance the agency filed reports approximately every 15 minutes from 9.30 a.m. to 3.18 p.m. on the David demonstration at the National Vigilance Airplane Memorial on the NSA campus in Maryland.
According to an NSA email dated July 4, 2004, Hoppe Trionic, the agency collected license numbers and descriptions of the number of people in each car and filed a report about them gathering in a church parking lot for the demonstration.
NSA agents also logged their travel to the demonstration, including stopping at a gas station along the way.
A K9 dog unit was used to search a minivan when it was stopped on the way to the demonstration, of course nothing was found.
Maybe a little dog food. Maybe some doggy treats.
Hoppe was that diamond ducted.
Oh geez. NSA officials even reported on the balloons being inflated from the demonstration in the content of their signs.
How do you like that? They're blowing up balloons, got all they know as they might explode in them, and these might be weapons of ash destruction.
Do you ever stick a balloon in your ass? Just this morning. Well think about it.
An entry made at 1,300 hours on July 4, the society was advised, the SOC, what is that? Society?
The SOMETHING was advised the protesters were proceeding to the airplane memorial with three helium balloons attached to a banner that stated, those who have changed freedom for security deserve neither will ultimately lose both.
On the day of the demonstration, three protesters were cited for disturbances on government property and release.
They federal judges eventually dismissed the case before trial.
Two of those demonstrators, Max Obazuski and Ellen Barfield are still scheduled for trial in Baltimore, federal court January 25.
The defendants have filed a motion for discovery, including the letter from the NSA acknowledging spying on the pledge.
The prosecutors refused to release this information as part of discovery. The defendants plan to argue that information is necessary for the defense.
The NSA confirmed, because of a freedom of information and a request I have filed, that indeed it has files on peace and justice groups, Obazuski said, however the agency is refusing to release the information unless I pay $1,915 bucks, what just might be in those files? How do you like that?
Extensive plans are described for the last day of October 4, 2004 demonstration. The letter shows the NSA plan to have their weapons and mass destruction rapid response team on site, an officer with a shotgun, an increase in number of officers, mobile units monitoring the highway and parking lot, robing patrols on bicycles in various areas, for keen on handlers, agents to provide cover surveillance, aerial observations by the air and our and Dale Maryland police and photography video surveillance unit of the activities.
Shocking, appalling and unnecessary is how the chair of the DC chapter of the National Lawyers Guild demonstration support committee, Mark Goldstone, describes the NSA actions.
Goldstone, who often represents activists who engage in non-violent civil disobedience, is not counsel in this litigation. This surveillance is completely unrelated to an even and expansive definition of national security. How do you like that?
And it goes on. And on. The beat goes on, baby. This is just exactly how the Gestapo work and how they're working right now.
They're open up your mail. They're listening to your phone calls. They're monitoring your balloon blowing and probably other times is right.
And they're exactly so congratulations all you butcher lovers out there. I mean, you know, monitoring a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a
A Day three has yet saved us now.
carpet approach instead of a common clean, dirty carpet approach.
Don't be fooled by those 1995 SCAMs, specials.
The leave your carpet soaked for days without treating the real problems
and just making a mess in your home.
You made a big investment in those carpets.
You were a poultry and drape-free.
Let dry concepts protect that investment for a long time.
Dry concepts, professional staff, is fully certified.
Their service and standard on mass sets,
why I've used them for a long over 20 years in my homes.
So take the worry out of having your home sanitized all year long
with dry concepts maintenance program.
Call them today, toll-free and date-rout in the Palm Beaches.
No scams, no overboss, just a written guaranteed price up front
and a stupendous job every time.
1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 or on the Wicked Web, log on to dryconcepts.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69-A-S.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is the brain.
Any questions?
Don't miss this season's newest holiday special.
Boy, Vay, Charlie Brown.
It's not pronounced Chanaka.
What's going to crazy, pitchfork is bad.
I'm not a pitchfork, you putt Charlie Brown.
That's a menorah.
Hey, Vay.
You'll love all the peanuts characters
in this soon-to-be Jewish holiday classic.
Fine, it's nice to be with your dreidel.
Only if I can have a bite of your kiss, sir.
I just don't understand all of this talk about Chanaka.
Boy, Vay, Charlie Brown.
Now, now, Chanaka, it's Chanaka.
Sponsored in part by Goldberg's big goods.
No, actually it's Chanaka.
Do you like that?
Okay.
It's 11.01 at 5.60 W.D.2.
I'm happy Wednesday, too.
Okay, here's the final Italian at pool,
which was really good yesterday,
but it's kind of lost its flavor like you're chewing gum
on the bedpost overnight.
1665 votes.
What do you miss most about your childhood?
Now, did you also stick to your gum
like on the back on the headboard and the bed on the back of it?
No, I would spit it out.
Oh.
Well, sometimes I thought I was sticking to your gum,
but it's not.
Having no worries, 389.
Well, sometimes a little bit of consistency,
you know, a little kind of chewy.
Sure.
Having no worries, 389.
Summer vacation 168.
No bills to pay 150.
Playing sports, 128.
Being like a little jock.
My old hood, 125.
Sex without a car.
Now, I wonder if a Samolito had an old hood.
Or a New World War.
Sex without a condom, 78.
Saturday morning, cartoon, 78.
My parents being healthy, 72,
before they began ailing and infirm,
and a real pain in the ass, and maybe even died, did it.
Nothing, it sucked.
My childhood sucked, 71.
Eating whatever you want and gaining nothing, 63.
Going to school instead of work, 57.
Freedom, 47.
Diddling my classmates, 46.
Baseball cards, 26.
Spankings, 23.
Returning soda bottles for money, 22.
Comic books, 18.
Pinball machine, machines, mon, 17.
Believe in the candy clause, 16.
Spring break, 13.
How are we in trick and treat, 13?
Maybe we need to go down to Jamaica, mon,
and bring up a whole bunch of pinball machines.
All right.
A lot of them murdering the liquids off the streets,
giving something to give them a good machine, mon.
Keeping busy.
Heber School 9.
Oi!
Free speech 9.
Amusement Park 5.
Marching Bands 5.
Recess 5.
Believing in God for.
Double gum four.
Throwing snowballs to in my allowance.
Two.
Now you see the fact that believing in God's stuff,
you can interpret that any way you want.
Father, I'm not saying.
But I'm not passionate.
Because it develops not naturally, they believe in God,
being part of that 96% of Americans that believe in fairy tales.
Here's the new poll, and I like this a lot.
Did you see it?
Oh, let me look.
The best regional food in the USA,
we never did this one before I grew into it.
Louisiana Kajon.
Oh, that must be a sympathy vote for Norilline, do you think?
These are the ones that I came up with all by myself,
and I'm sure there are many, many more.
Louisiana Kajon 4, Philly, Cheese Stakes 4.
Buffalo Chicken Wings 3.
New England Clan, Chowda 3.
New York Pizza 2, Rochester White House 2.
That's what I voted, of course.
Tex Max 1, Chicago Pizza 1,
I real thick heavy, it's good.
New England Grinders 1, and Chicago Hot Dogs None.
With the audience and the really, really bright green relishing all the sugar.
Who is the centristos?
That hot diggerty dog place or whoever?
Oh, I forget.
I think it might have been the hot diggerty dog.
They're in four louder days.
Oh, damn it.
I don't think it was it, but I can't remember who it was.
No, that wasn't it.
At any rate, somebody used to send us those Chicago dogs.
They got those spicy jalapenos in them,
or some kind of spicy crab, and they got audience and real bright green relishing.
They're really good.
They got like slices of tomato in them and everything.
It's like a hot dog.
This is loaded up with all kinds of good stuff in it.
Anyway, that's what we got so far.
21.
That's like a Rochester Weiner.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, if you want to see if we get several to add or maybe not.
You never know.
The way this has been that kind of a week.
You really don't know exactly what this is all about.
And I really couldn't care less because I still have a magnificent giant pile.
Even my golden retriever never saw a giant pile like this.
Believe you me, trust me.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, good morning, I'm Cornel.
Good evening, sir.
What do you mean it's full?
I would say Jamaican jerk chicken.
Mm-mm-mm.
What about your corn?
Okay, my, my, okay.
You're making jerk chicken, and, uh, huh?
Well, you can put jerk chicken and jerk pork.
Right?
Well, Joyce allows to put jerk pork on it,
and I'll put it on it anyway.
The entire jerk meat line.
No, it's not, no, that's not right.
They're gonna joke.
Get out of here.
The entire jerk meat line.
Whoa, you come on.
Jesus.
Yeah, that line is, that line's all the way to the moon.
Hey.
I thought if it walks, you can jerk it.
No.
Chicken's walk.
Yeah, they do.
So do cows.
Anyway, moving right along.
Quick jerk in this around.
So there is the jerk pork and jerk chicken.
There's two regional specialities, mine.
And you know how they kill them with a really good machine, Ron.
So they chop off his chicken next.
70 QAM, hello.
Hello, is this WQAM?
This is it, man.
You got it.
You're already here.
How about you, Martin?
Is this, this, I'm on hold, or...
No, you're on here right now.
It sounds just like you.
Either that, you got a twin with an identical voice.
How about New York pizza?
Did you put that down on your phone?
I sure did.
I just heard nothing.
I got the butt end of your lip.
Well, and you can put some of that on there too, no extra charge.
New York pizza is in the lead with seven votes.
You'll be pleased to know.
Alrighty.
Ain't nothing like it, man.
Lot of amateurs, they're ain't nothing like it.
Boy, oh boy.
That's one of the great things about going to New York if you don't get mugged.
Oh, but they cut the crime way down.
Oh, wow, I'll take your word for it.
But is the pizza?
Oh boy, even the world's biggest pizza thief.
Oh, okay.
And yeah.
I would really enjoy.
Well, I'm sure they have.
I'm sure he has.
Oh, Josh's favorite, line nine, QAM.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Kind of sewer line.
Nobody online won.
QAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got the winner.
Maryland Blue Crabbs.
Maryland Blue Crabbs.
They got this stuff you can buy in the drugstore to get rid of them too.
But, well, shampoo.
Right.
Well, okay, thanks.
Maryland Blue Crabbs.
Well, you ever have, I'm a crab case.
Crab cakes are okay.
Yeah, they're okay.
I make it feel a little bit kind of crabby, but nevertheless, I mean, they're like real crack crab.
That's a pain in the Maryland Crabbs.
I beg your pardon?
Like crack in the crab.
I don't want to have to go through all of that crab.
Right.
And a lot of work.
If that was that captain's crab, I'm sure they're not around anymore.
I remember there used to be one up, Kitty Quarter from the IODs.
That did.
And I hope it's not there anymore because I don't.
I used to get such a wicked headache when I eat them because of all the butter they put them.
It's just like cholesterol hell is what it was.
Yeah, maybe it's still be there, but the bottom line is going to be advertised with us anyway.
And they certainly aren't now, so they're not there.
Remember that's a cramshaft?
And it's like, it's like, it's just because they were so nice to give you like a little sample size bottled by Quill.
You're rid of them.
How many QIMs?
Hello?
Man, how are you doing?
I'm right.
He's a...
I don't miss anything.
I can't stand my child good.
Okay, great.
Well, that's off for Friday and that's the old poll anyway.
Get with it.
Get with the program, sweetheart.
The poll is what regional food, the best regional food in the USA is whatever.
WCWAM, hello?
Yeah, I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
Late edition, I just tuned in, checkers.
Checkers what?
Checkers, Amber, are you all right?
The less said, the better.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, yeah.
Dominic, QIM, hello.
Hey, you know one you've missed.
You mentioned Tex-Nex, but...
What?
Aside from that, everybody has taken the name, but very few people make real fajitas made with real skirts.
You know what I'm saying?
Served up with the...
With all the cars arrived.
The...
Walkimoli in the...
This new app, but fajitas.
Yeah, but you see, regional food, fajitas are what?
Isn't that Texas?
They're originally from South Texas.
Yeah.
It was...
Why would be Tex-Nex?
Why would be...
It's like...
Why would be Tex-Nex implies all that cheese and crap all over everything?
No, Tex-Nex implies any...
What are Mexican food in Texas?
But thank you so much.
Well, glad he got your appetite, but anyway, but that's...
He's wrong.
What are we eating today, Josh?
How about the Tex-Nex?
Sounds good.
We'll get a Mexican bowl from the power smoothie.
A Mexican bowl?
What tell us about that?
Yeah, they got the...
The chop.
I heard that most of the mix-on balls were blowing over some regular...
And all the people in Mexico say...
Look at that, holla.
What's that?
Pro-Tringing?
Facts?
QIM, bat line, probably a facts.
Hello?
Hello?
It's a facts, I told you.
Let's hear it.
Maybe it's Ed McMahon, faxing us the nurse, and we just won the $10 million from him in Dick Clark.
Yeah.
How did I know that?
You see that?
Mm-hmm.
My psychic power always ate.
That was strong.
Huh?
That wasn't a good one.
What do you mean?
It wasn't a good psychic event.
You've had better days.
I got marine doubts, Colin.
I'm doing the Alito shuffle.
I think I might just read that right now before we take 8 million calls with all your regional...
In fact, quite frankly, other than the Merlin Crab case.
I think I got most of them.
Maybe I'm wrong.
I think I got most of the good ones on here all by my loathsome.
Let's see how it's shaken out.
Philly cheese steak.
Twelve.
Those are good.
And please don't put cheese wizz on it.
Or velvita.
Well, they do.
There are some places where they do that.
Please, best be aware.
Don't be afraid.
Philly cheese steak.
Twelve.
New York pizza.
What?
I bought it for the cheese steaks.
Yeah, they're good.
I bought it for the chicken wings.
Yeah.
Louisiana Cajon.
Eight.
Cajon.
You can't say Cajon.
That's part of the illiteracy of Louisiana.
Oh, you can't say that.
They just had the flood.
Katrina.
Like I said, part of the illiteracy that whole neck of the woods.
Tex-mex seven.
And it includes those great fajitas.
All dressed up and ready to go.
All dressed up and ready to eat.
Chicago pizza five.
And then real thick.
Real man.
Were one slices like a meal?
Mm-hmm.
You've had that.
Yeah.
You go with us or we already had Chicago that time off that trip.
I was already, uh, ex-bad.
Oh, man.
That was really great.
Too bad you missed it.
Thanks, my name is Clam Shouter five.
Maryland Blue.
Now, why does that say blue crab?
Is that what it's called?
That's what the guy said.
Twenty-six.
Maryland Blue Crab.
Don't get hostile with me.
I got it on that card.
Three.
Don't get crabby with me.
Chicago dogs two.
Chicago weeners.
Rochester White House only two.
Well, that's because most people have an add-on.
Unless they go to Wayne Arles, if he ever opens up again.
Jerk chicken one and Jerk pork.
Zero.
The big O for the old Jerk pork.
This is Neoroger.
Oh, boy.
This is five sixty-two A.
The following may not be suitable for children.
Celebrity's going around.
It's the hot new videos here.
It's that shows real celebrity.
He's getting in the real trouble.
Celebrity's going wild.
Your old high favorite stars are hitting all-time lows.
See Hollywood Mad Vantoms.
Ice Mark get busy on Hollywood Mad Vantoms.
It's a hit.
Celebrity's going wild.
Also features the Tramelae Laker Superstar.
Copey Ryan.
How are you doing, baby?
A by little robes.
That's not right.
Celebrity's going wild.
It's jam-packed.
Well, famous people who are famous for their infamous behavior.
There's Hannah Ross.
Nick Noltee.
Bobby Brown.
Michael Jackson.
Robert Downey Jr.
And the list goes on.
Plus, Robert Blake gets stretched in ice cold water for us.
Super sleazy wet prison jumps in goddess.
We're looking to work.
Order celebrities going wild in the next ten minutes.
And willing to this free Arnold Schwarzenegger video called
Celebrity's gone crazy.
I want to be covered up of Cully for you.
Celebrity's gone wild.
And Celebrity's gone crazy.
Order now.
Before all these stars are in jail, we have all of the governor's mansion.
Don't give us no lip, Arnold.
By the way, he didn't have a motorcycle license.
He was a driving-it-thing illegally with his kid.
Did you know that?
I did not know it was illegal.
Well, there he go.
He didn't have no license to be driving no motorcycle,
which he needed to serve one in California.
But don't confuse the governor.
How would he know that?
Just like in Florida.
Being the illegal alien that he is.
Southern Fried Chicken.
There's a good one.
Well, that's a lot of what's Southern Fried Chicken.
Oh, man.
There's some folks out there who love their chicken.
Here's one from a good old John up there in Columbia, South Carolina.
Oh, John.
Good life.
Carolina Barbecue.
He's even got the recipe for it.
Cats of base in Northwest Carolina.
Vendor based in East and Mustard in the South.
Right.
The North Carolina kind.
I like the best.
I see what.
Cats of bases.
Cats of.
Not catch-up.
It's good stuff.
Little kitty cat in there.
Maybe there's a couple of Kit-Kat bars in two.
Carolina Barbecue.
You get in these jars.
And he's very important now.
They're already on there for a scientific poll.
Maine lobster.
Oh, yeah.
Serve thermo-durst out like at the Amel Coast.
With the most.
Maine lobster.
And here's one from Tim who went to great lengths.
We got his shoe size.
This is almost like the email I got from Joe Bell.
We got every phone number.
We got his shoe size.
And I wonder what that is.
He says Cincinnati Chili says Tim.
I didn't even know there was such a thing as Cincinnati Chili.
Did you?
No, I didn't.
But I had a pretty good voice since the United
All Cost when you came right down to this.
An evil, awful place.
Believe me when I said, or go there and don't believe me.
Don't take my word for it.
More endowed rice in the New York Times today doing the Alito shuffle.
She says you've got to like a man who knows how to juggle.
Sammy will Alito picked up the skill on a summer vacation a decade ago.
And his juggling talent was on full display yesterday as he tried to balance the old Sam
who was eager to impress Reagan revolutionaries with his zeal with the new Sam who's eager to impress a bipartisan Senate panel with his open-mindedness.
It was a tale of two Sam's.
Is he the old Sam who devised ways to upend, roby, wait and crimp abortion rights?
Or the new Sam who has respect for precedent and an open mind about abortion cases?
Is he the old Sam who plotted ways to tip the balance of power to the executive branch?
Or the new Sam who states that no person in this country is above the law and then includes the president?
Is he the old Sam who said Robert Vork was one of the most outstanding nominees of this century and a man of unequal ability?
Or the new Sam who shrugged off that statement as the beautiful support of one Reagan appointee for another?
Is he the old Sam who said a membership in a Princeton alumni club that resisted the admission of women and minorities when he was seeking a promotion in the very white Reagan old boys club?
Or the new Sam who has no specific recollection about organization unless of course he instantly joined it to support ROTC on campus.
And the decision has been shaped partly by his hopes for a 17-year-old daughter Laura and by his sister's experiences as a trial lawyer in a profession that has been traditionally dominated by men.
Is he the old Sam who thoughtlessly blew off a pledge to recuse himself from cases involving Vanguard where he has a six-figure mutual fund?
Or the new Sam who admits that the problem was not a computer glitch as he had suggested and humbly says if I had to do it over again there were things I would have done differently.
The judge didn't aim to say what he thought of illegal wiretaps which you think would be an easy one.
About the judge's memory lapses Senator Lindsey Graham a Republican drooling noted and I hope you'll understand if any of us come up before a court and we can't remember Abramoff you'll tend to believe us.
Some of his answers Senator Joe Biden complained to Chris Matthews did not ring a court of sincerity. The National Review website says the valuable Biden got in 3673 words in Hell, Judge Elena to only a thousand and thirteen.
You don't have to know the difference between horizontal and vertical stereotypes the story of the sizes or between emanations and penumbras to see that the man who could take Saturday or Conner's seat and Yankback Women's Rights was in a word shifty or in three words shifty saplings and sighing.
Not sig as much as we'll blitzkrieg in our video but nevertheless to offset his reputation and women's rights he even played the henpecked husband.
When Republican senators used the expression when did you stop beating your wife about democratic questions.
Judge Lio right posted I wasn't asked whether she had stopped beating me.
It's basic defense to Democrats boil down to I was just saying what my boss wanted to hear at the time.
Have we had enough yes men, mangling, mangling government for the last five years heck of a job Sammy.
I understand by the presence from the judge Mr. Lito is dubbed skeleto.
I consider the senator John Ford nationally blurred an automatic name because he's so much like Antonin Scalia and W. Love's Nino.
Judge Lito is supported in imperial powers for the president.
He's not strong checks and balances. He approved the strict search of a ten year old girl but that's not probing too deeply what the executive ranch is doing.
That W. is philosophy to a preemptive right to see really do everything for more to torture the snooping.
Like the president of Judge Love's baseball Mr. Lito wants vacation at a fantasy baseball camp wearing the red and white fillies uniform.
W. has spent five years in fantasy land on Iraq on occasion Donny military costumes.
His fingers in his ears W. didn't want to hear that we had too few troops in Iraq ignoring advice from vice-war Paul Bremmer and General Erickson Secky or that the troops didn't have enough armor.
But the president continues to fling blame outward and speak yesterday before the veterans of foreign wars he warned the Democrats that they should take care not to bring comfort to our adversaries.
Judge Lito was evasive, disingenuous and deferential. He puts the puts the busher like a baseball glove.
How do you like that even normal can't be part of that that old jock strap wearing queen.
Let's see here's one that says Cuban.
Tom on this steak of Cognul bread with steak or steak sandwiches what they're trying to see.
We would probably would South like Florida cubes since it's regional. Do we want to put like South Florida Cuban or something like that?
How about mid Florida Cuban? I mean you know Cuban cuisine is good enough for me.
That could not. So maybe I know chase and all of your musty bean.
What do you do that? Because you get upset about it every time I do it it's like it's like falling off a cliff and these bigoted hatred of the Cuban.
No it's because you just get all been it's like me. Yeah you know I like to say for the hour right away but I mean but it goes off the deep end.
By the way I was asked yesterday I want to like spill the beans about because it was a private.
A common actual conversation with Joe it's still the mushy bean. But about the best of Neil thing now we're going to be getting some updates.
I'm if that's going to happen and how it's coming and what's going on is that's just going to or as McGonagher is going to spend most of this time
reminding me that I can listen to how it's turned on serious. I take a notice by the way in the last about 30 hours now.
Oh yeah. Stop hearing all about that and then we will we won't be hearing about.
Yeah but what if he says Kaka oh wait it doesn't matter. I already did it.
Best regional food in the USA 132 votes already holy moly right now I told you this is a good pool tonight.
What are we doing with these good polls this week? I don't know just like you.
Shouldn't waste so many of them in the same week. Did you come up with this one not showing?
I came up with this one mister.
Let me take a look maybe I'm wrong let me take a look at his pool pile.
Maybe I stole it because you know me I don't want to like take credit.
Let's see he's got no this is mine. All mine. Well that's a very good choice.
Well how do you I didn't I tell you when I warned you we had a good one today for a change?
What do they have in the in the northwest that's particular? I've never been there I have no idea.
I've never been there. I've never been there. All I remember is coffee.
That's what's in the out of my yeah. Coffee in both sides. Sorry.
No it's Western coffee. Sorry. That would be like half a corn leecher you know I mean let's let's look at two Pacific.
That's not to get too Pacific. Maybe somebody knows.
Yeah somebody knows. Well Josh lived there in Seattle for he's been everywhere.
They got like a cheap food but I wouldn't you know put a put like a landmark on anything that we got they got like clams or something.
Yeah I don't know I will find out from somebody obviously you two are hopeless on that best regional food in the USA.
New York pizza is tied with filly cheese steak 23. There's that New York filly rival remain.
And yeah the New Yorker is going to be pushy and obnoxious but when it comes to like sporting their stuff the filly of people are just this grotesque.
Just grotesque. Roodle. Outrageous. Although only second to Montreal and North America.
Man Canadians were playing a crappy game a couple nights ago whatever the hell it was and man that crowd was booing.
I just kept. Oh just like the giant fans. You see any of that came dry? Yeah they were booing.
I mean they started out like kind of at a low level and the booing just kept getting louder and louder and uh oh I probably would have booted that game.
Yeah that was pathetic. Hey Eli is coming. Oh sorry sorry Eli. New York pizza 26 filly cheese steak 24 got a good battle going on there.
Buffalo chicken wing 16. Luziana cage on 13. Text max 11. Chicago pizza 10. New England clam shout out 10.
Ooh boy are we a good clam shout out real thick. I mean if you like man hand in clam shout out better than the wing and clam shout out of your taste is in your push.
Maryland blue crab all over it is good for roids. Maryland blue crab seven main lobster six. Ooh.
Uh you know something I'm not that big I'm lobster when you come right down to it. No you know I don't have a lot of shrimp.
Seam? I love you. You don't have what? Seam. Right. Any day.
Main lobster six the wingland grinders six now I bet you a lot of people I don't even know what that is.
You know what a new England grinder is? Uh a scabby or it's like a sub sandwich man but the way they call them grinders.
I was in summer camp many many moons ago by 400 years ago. Holy moly. Uh up in that part of the at a rondex they had a place where they were and was like called the wingland grinders whatever because it's not that far from Massachusetts.
And boy those are the bad maybe they can call them hogies you know they're called hogies stuff like that first to find her then you grind her and real
goy them they call them like some sandwiches Rochester Whitehots three give me a good white hot one from Rochester Cuban cuisine to Carolina barbecue to
Southern fried chicken to Chicago hot dogs to Cincinnati Chili's got one is probably whoever sent us the facts. Uh jerk pork one and jerk chicken has got one but watch it
because man they might have that. What do you think? That's your thing.
And what's the.
Just this Mr. Tyson you cut into another fight what's that about my objective of fighting to be the ultimate professional in my and
the objective of being a profession and golly's whatever happens in my life in general my job the job has to be done and that's the
kind of being a professional. Okay that didn't make any sense. Did you really jump on the hood of that guy's car? Well like I said before
I think I was 12 years old I was a little not only get to be as physical you know what I mean to be very intellectual and handle the
pressure that comes with off thing. Oh now I understand. So Mr. Intellectual. Could you demonstrate how you jump on top of the car? You can use your
table. Okay you don't even have to clean up the coffee pot or the computers or anything just just go for it Mike. Go
for it Mike. Go Mike. Go Mike. Go. Oh what the.
I broke my back. Back is broken.
Just this. It'll come no more intellectual little Mike Tyson 1132 and speaking of chicken. Don't we love that
Tyson chicken? Speaking of chicken you're confusing Eric. Why is that?
Because he thinks you might have mislabeled with the latest poll that you just sent him. You're labeled it Friday.
No he doesn't understand. Right. The one that's on there right now is for Thursday. Okay that's that's what I thought. Let me tell him that now.
No no it's him to say we're going to hate it. Right of ourselves. This is called the new Rogers hate start program. That's why I keep telling you we're
later in the show tomorrow. So it's the Friday poll. And if it'll make him happy I'll be sure to set up an extra one for the weekend too.
So these people don't get too bored with it and they got something to do to keep them off the streets on the weekend or not as the case may be.
Well whatever. But what about next Wednesday? I'm on a roll with him. Pull. What about next Wednesday? Oh and in Monday let's see I'm not going to be on Monday because it's Martin Luther King day.
By the way with your approval because they were given they passed that memo out you have an option of taking. Yes they off or
right. Yes. Okay if I take president's day off. You know what he asked me for. Remember the president's well.
You have to ask me about which part of you is it like William Henry Harrison who couldn't come in out of the cold.
Paths coming days with the old president. But that's what I got. Pinomaniac man. Or is it like Andy Jackson? Maybe we'll send you up for that big egg.
That egg hatching place in Tennessee. They have a hatchery. Yeah. Anyway what day is that? I don't know.
It does make it. It's Josh will be working that day. Josh and I can handle it. We can we can handle it.
I mean when you are vacation that week and when you were out sick and when you were hurricane and it was like in a month or
December what would you work about four days? A little bit. Yeah but maybe I want to take off too.
I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. Well why not? Now you could sure take off next Monday. I need him. I'm sure it's going to work all alone.
You could work with Miguel. There you go. Spick in Spain. Spick in Spanish? Yeah. Spick in Spanish.
Cincinnati Chile. It says here on this text which I just churred a little bit. It says a la skyline Chile.
It says the frozen Chile looks like somebody had. I don't want to say a diarrhea in that span. Like Lucy Bowles. Okay.
Remember I love Lucy? Lucy Bowles. Stephen Hollywood. You got that? Well we got that under Cincinnati Chile.
Stephen Hollywood says from the East Pole main lobster. Okay Steve. It just happens to be honored. It's got six eight boats.
And for yesterday's pool I missed empty graves and Charlie Baxter and the dungeon.
Oh he that's what he missed about his childhood. Yeah there was the the creature features kind of a show down the right but the daytime version.
Yeah we had a Saturday morning cartoons but we didn't put on their kidney shows like Howdy Duty for this old Farts.
Of course I don't miss how he's duty but nevertheless and we'll Buffalo Bob. What is a Buffalo Bob?
Somebody QYM? Hello? Hey now. Can I have a bill? Maybe he was kin to Buffalo Bill. Yes sir.
Hey come on. All right. All right. Let's try New York City dirty water dogs. Nothing like them. Got?
You want to interpret that for me? I think those are hot dogs that you rinse off in the Johnny Ponte.
Oh I see okay. WQ I am hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Chief is qualified. How about a Chicago dog?
It's on there. Is it on there already? Yeah I talked about it at length. Sorry. The hobo is okay. I'll be sorry. It's got three only three votes.
Okay you mentioned a grinder but you know norlings has a pole voice or the moofaleta sandwiches.
I'll watch your language. And then one thing you mentioned that is also here in the States is Roman pizza.
You mean the real thin? The real nice really crispy, crudery crust? In other words you mean real pizza.
Right. In other words but in here on the beach there's a place called the pizza rooster go. That means the Roman pizza.
There's a place in Hollywood that makes it too and it really is. Yes real pizza stuff. It's real good stuff.
Okay thanks a lot. Thank you. Roman pizza. Well there is no Roman pizza. But what about that pole boy?
Pole boy sandwiches? Thank you. For those poor bastards in Louisiana who are losing every minute of it.
And you know what we don't hear too much about them no more. We have the coal miners. Oh I mean the other miners.
And now we got Judge Alito. We got these hearings going on so we don't hear too much about Abramoff and all those scandals you know.
And we certainly don't hear nothing more about those pro-Bassies and all-eans. And then your girlfriend Rita Cosby,
she's all whipped up about this punk with a big raki nose from a four-law to nail.
I worked about four seconds at last night before I realized what was going on. Oh and he feels so bad because those soldiers over there had a wrist
their lives and they could have been doing something important but had a wrist their life to get his idiotic ass out of there.
And she's making them into like a hero you know.
You're a responsible kid and you're responsible family if you ask me.
Yes. Yeah.
Would have been. And he could have used all the money they wasted sitting over there and for the hotel and all the bull crap and around to a good man always job.
Oh. Why? I'm serious.
There's a lot of money. And he says oh as soon as he stepped out on the street and they saw he was an American he knew he was in trouble.
How did they know he was an American? Where the schnauzel like that? Probably is American flight t-shirt.
Oh is that it?
567056 you probably had a hurricane outfit on.
That'll tip you off every time silly people with a hurricane outfits. WQ I.N. Hello.
I just followed up in New York water. Water dogs. I thought you buy off the underdog's.
Water dogs? Yeah. Water dogs. You buy from the underdog's. Even the water's hard.
Oh that's right there. Oh right exactly. No no no no no. Okay thanks.
Well the other guy was up to Jackass and said he was a sauerkraut. New York water dogs.
All right. I want to put those on there. I mean. Yes. Now what do they play in?
And why is that a New York thing? I thought everybody had those little hot dogs. No. No. New York water dogs.
Is that because it's not the same hot dogs don't you understand? I see.
They probably use like Nathan's or Subredd or like real good hot dogs as opposed to like the mystery meet they will find a lot of cities you know.
Well those vendors. In addition which didn't they kick most of the vendors off the streets in South Florida anyway?
I don't know they because people were in the way too much. Yeah. Those thong hot dog vendors. Yeah.
No I'm just talking about the thong ones. The long ones. Emily. Oh. Here's the facts from Will.
Well we haven't heard from Will in a long time. Looks like everybody's back for the new year. How do you like that?
Which may or may not be good anyway. Will says. In addition to gourmet coffee they Pacific has salmon made many ways including smoked king crab and dungeon this crab.
Yeah but that's not you know what I mean? Yeah. No. I have to have like a name like Pacific something or Northwest something.
Otherwise it's not regional. I mean you can get king crab and done you can go into dungeon anywhere. I guess the evidence there is that's where it came from.
Yeah. Sam and stuff. It's a sorry for so many but I like to eat his will Wisconsin. Brought worst I'll go for that boy do I love my brats?
I love the Rochester White Hot and then brought so damn I forgot to call powers. I never been in Wisconsin in my life.
You ever been there? I left it a recall probably through it by the every downer like it. He had some fine.
But I have been in his way many times of bus trips Wisconsin brought worse. Let's get that on there.
Not like Berlin or like a. Cologne but nevertheless medicine is very nice. It's a really nice town. Right. Also Texas smoked sausage. Got it.
Okay. Mexican chorizo. Well I love chorizo baby. I didn't know that was Mexican though. I thought it was like Spanish.
Well yeah. I got all of the the Hispanic cultures have that kind of sausage in the chorizo. Yeah it's good. Don't tell me what it's made for. I don't want to know. It's really good though.
Well very very very rich very rich don't like eat too much of that man. You're told to get the size of your head.
Yeah. Yeah. That's the same thing. I don't know what that is. A and the O U I L L E that's like right the two E. I don't know what it is.
And Chicago Polish. You're very good. You think that in Buffalo did have kabas. I never saw it though because it got so many pulloffs.
I mean somebody find a Polish bowlers. I mean Chicago Polesca Vos's glue. We got that. We do that. New York. Pastrami and corn beef.
Delhi. I mean I don't know. You could put New York on there for just about anything because New York's probably got the best food of any city in the USA.
It's certainly the best variety. You don't think? I agree. Yeah. San Francisco or New York Chinatown dim sum.
Do you ever know any some dim Chinese San Francisco or New York dim sum? Well I see I don't know. Well you got some of the choices on here.
You put on whatever you like. Georgia baking with a bone in it. Oh god. You're perfect. There's nothing. There's nothing like that.
Bony and George. In fact I think that was going on in an entry. That's in Georgia. It wasn't the movie anyway.
Texas barbecue brisket. Attached to the Tisk. Let's get some of that barbecue brisket. And Texas blue bell ice cream.
Well we'll sure got a thing with that Texas stuff. You got all of us on there. I just gave him the facts. He's going to put on everybody.
No pressure. No pressure. Easy does it. You know what everyone? Give me 600 choices. The luck I said keep them off the street.
It's a good pool. So many good regional specialities man and so little time and so many people dying of diabetes.
First regional food in the US. New York pizza 42. Fili chi steaks 38. Buffalo chicken wings 18. Chicago pizza 17.
And we would plan. Chowda 16. See you can't put Roman pizza on there because it really isn't any. Right. And I'm not any authentic.
The we went panchowder 16 Louisiana cage on 15 like a John. What's that chef put on there? That big chef. He likes that cage on.
Oh no. Kevin cuisine 12. I think would be exaggerating. Text max 12. At this point I want to remind everyone you've ever seen a picture of it.
I don't and I only say that for your benefit and all the time and every time it would matter if it was main lobster 10 Southern fried chicken nine Maryland blue crab nine wingland grinders eight Chicago hot dogs five Rochester White House and Rochester weenies baby four.
Carolina barbecue three Cincinnati chili two jerk chicken two jerk pork one and New York water dogs or in the American Hockey League don't have any yet.
This is me.
Eating on black.
They still ride the mission of the I speak bypass, evet now turn them in.
danska and
The actor says it's funny, but the cop said he was drunk.
He quakes his whole thing in funny, said he only looked at her joke in the trunk.
Did the wacko grab the foodie?
Or is this woman just nuts?
Cops were just doing their duty,
because she can't go around squeezing ladies' pots.
Do you think Christians later grab the woman tiny?
Welcome.
Walking down a New York City street,
whether they are giant or they're tiny,
it's never okay to touch someone's feet.
This is not his first impression.
Oftentimes he will contend.
He has problems with aggression,
and now we can add as much into the list.
Look at the papi is taken,
and he's only 35.
Look away when cheeks are shaken,
or your slow career will take another die.
Do you think Christians later grab the woman's tiny?
Walking down a New York City street,
whether they are giant or they're tiny,
it's never okay to touch someone's feet.
Welcome.
Hell, it damn, they're children.
Okay, Suzanne's a little bit confused,
and I can't read it at the bottom,
because it's fact is too dark,
but I'm sure it says Jewish Mary to some Juliorsum.
Isn't that what that is? Jewish Mexican.
Yeah, right.
Suzanne, I hate to break the news.
She says for the pool,
how about Hungarian Gulag?
Okay, how about Spaghetti?
You see what I'm saying?
The poll of questions today,
what's your favorite food?
It's regional, especially.
So unless you're like,
what region will be Hungarian Gulag besides Hungary?
When I'm hungry, I do love Hungarian Gulag,
but it's good stuff.
Yeah, it is.
I'm standing.
I've never listened to Jen,
but she's confused.
She's got some issues.
US Navy plane, I'm made a Florida reported missing,
the search for four aviators.
Oh, my God.
Missing them after their Navy aircraft failed
to make its scheduled arrival on time at Pensacola.
Naval Air Station continues today.
The Navy T3 Saberliner was scheduled to arrive in Pensacola
around 3 p.m. Tuesday,
but a Navy instructor, Navy Student Air Force Student
and the Civilian Contract pilot were aboard the Saberliner.
Their identities have been released.
The aircraft was inside a training squad of Navy 6.
Took off for a navigation training mission
at 11 o'clock in the morning from Chattanooga to Nesee.
Last radio contract came around contact.
Came around 11 o'clock in the morning
and pilot contacted National Center.
And that's it.
That would be, that would be about still among the mission.
Not good.
Not good.
Maybe they just took off and went into hiding.
Maybe they left the country.
Maybe they went to Hungary for some Gulag.
Could be.
Israel will not do business with Pat Robertson after religiously
to suggest it.
Prime Minister Sharon's master's stroke
was a divine punishment for the Gaza withdrawal.
A tourism official said today.
The honeymoon over?
Robertson, well he's busy doing business everywhere.
Man, he had those diamond mines in Igeria and Liberia
and all of these, he was good buddies with Charles Wilson.
You know, we're one of the world's biggest crooks.
Robertson is leading a group of Christian evangelicals
who have pledged to raise $50 million to wait.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
$50 million to build a large Christian tourism center
in Israel's Northern Galilee region,
where tradition says Jesus lived in Ta'an.
Isn't that which is Israel's needs
for $50 million to build a Christian tourism center?
Well, even though it's going to spend a lot of money, I guess.
Or, hey, it's the Holy Land for everyone.
But Ido Hartov, a spokesman for tourism minister Abraham Herschon,
said Israeli officials were furious with Robertson.
If you think Hugo Chavez was busy,
you ain't seen nothing yet.
In addition to which Hugo Chavez is lacking one thing
that the Israelis are God.
Una bomba grande.
Well, I think it would be perfectly appropriate
for the Israelis to say since he was taken...
He was saying, let's take out Hugo Chavez.
Maybe the Israelis ought to be starting to suggest,
let's take out Pat Robertson.
Huh?
Take him up to the other side.
The Mosato leader, like, check out his house.
Take him up for a notch?
Right.
And then kick his ass.
One day after Shiroin's January 4th,
Stroke Robertson said the Prime Minister was being punished
for dividing God's land.
A reference to last summer's pull-out from the Gaza Strip
and Four West Bank settlements.
We can't accept this kind of statement Hartov said.
He said the Christian Heritage Center project was now in question
that we left the door open and developed it with others.
We will not do business with him.
Only with other evangelicals who don't fact these comments
Hartov said, will do business with other evangelical leaders,
friends of Israel, but as far as he goes, Kasa Hues.
Those that publics and supporters of Shiroin's recovery
are welcome to business for us, he said.
A spokesman for Robertson's selfish ministry
based in Virginia Beach, Virginia, where they're still lynching people,
by the way, will get to that story.
That's a real pleasant story.
What did I tell you about the USA?
There's nothing any different now than it was 100 years ago.
So they fought the Civil War and they put some laws on the books
and still the same racist bunch of crap.
Yeah?
No question about it.
Unless you can play basketball or pro football, forget about it.
Or unless you re-elect conflicted and turned it and take it
far, turned it the right way, like Condra-Lezer.
We don't respond to media reports in our relationship
with other governments.
We have not talked to the Israelis on this topic, said Robertson's television ministry,
spokeswoman, will continue to maintain our longstanding commitment to the Jewish people
and the state of Israel, as long as they, sooner or later, they convert.
They come around.
Robertson's comments through condemnation from other Christian leaders,
and even though Presidente, even the Bushmeister.
On a rate 10 in an agreement, Robertson's group was to put up the funding
while Israel would provide land infrastructure for the center.
Israeli officials had hoped the project would generate tens of millions of dollars in tourism.
And but it would be put about the now, and they're finally starting to catch on.
They'll just slow on the update, but they're finally starting to at least catch on to him.
Karstierri Falwell, we haven't heard about him yet.
He's the one that put the lynch in Lynxburg.
Here's another one, another chronic, who's just on and on.
And I know, so these seem to be coming from the same people.
Yes.
I was causing brought worse, broadened beer and onions.
Also, it says, I'm from Madison.
You would have loved living there.
Well, I guess I would have loved living in a lot of places.
They'll live in Boston way back when I did love living there for a couple of years.
I was fine, but not now.
I mean, I didn't spend much time there, but it just seemed like really neat and clean.
We're in Madison.
Yeah.
And that's where the Freedom from Religion Foundation is located.
That's right.
And Gailer.
We sure love Giddle and Gailer.
56670560, 0560 and they see even airskins confusing with the depots for our own stomach.
I'm ecstatic.
Wait till I send the one for six weeks from Sookas.
He's really going to get all be fuddled about that.
Just relax, Eric.
Okay, it's just stuff for fun.
It's just to kill some good time.
Woo.
Or bad.
WNQAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Are you just certain?
Neil.
Canada allows America's, but they don't allow Howard Stern.
I come.
But what does that mean?
They got serious here.
Yeah, but they don't have Howard Stern.
There's a big petition going on.
Yeah, the Canadian is called in this morning.
And they will complain about that.
I have a suggestion for you.
Okay, Giddle life.
We got bigger fish to fry than worry about how it's stirring up here, right?
Yeah, that's what they're obsessed with.
How come Canada, as a matter of fact, he was on a year here in Toronto on terrestrial way to once upon a time.
And in Montreal, in both cities took him off the year.
I just mix in that in passing.
Because if you think the FCC is strict, that's one thing I'm not going to defend about Canada.
They see RTC, the Radio and Television Commission.
Oh, brother.
The visual would even as watered down as it is now.
We'd be off the year.
There's no way.
I have to say crap one time.
That would be the end of us.
They just all along like nobody else.
Like on TVC.
No problem.
You regularly hear the F word and they're, you know, if it's in a new story or a drama movie or whatever.
No problem at all.
But, oh no, no crap.
Don't say crap.
They'll come and get you.
There's a guy that definitely needs to.
It has too much time in his hands.
He's busy probably doing his Howard Stern's low up dial right now.
I got the Robert Scheercock.
I got a lot of stuff here too.
I mean, a lot of frantic people want to get in this big pool.
Because this is an eaten crowd, man.
Most of these people have been dead from diabetes in about a half an hour.
But nevertheless.
But I got a big pile.
Just keep me pushing my apparel.
So you speak.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is by 69.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M.
The F bomb came out of Teenies now.
The C F bomb came out of Teenies now.
It is wrong.
But he's not backing down.
The so regrets are common from his mouth.
The F is in his fears.
Must have been hurt, hurt, hurt, been.
Must have been hurt, been.
Don't ask Dick Kaney about how the Furt, the Furt, and how the Furt, and...
Because if you do, no let.
Let it curse word, the Furt, slip.
Let it curse word, slip.
He should know when the ratings are low.
Keep it zip, it, it, it.
You know the battles must be near to start his heart.
Start the CPR, accept the mountain mount part.
Teenies now is really getting foul.
In the growth fantasy in the White House.
Senator Leigh, he knows you've picked on RVT.
He's still there since we've gone.
Twenty-teeny, drop the F bomb.
You're fairy.
From the one at five, fifty WQAM.
Let's see here's a fact from a real chronic factor who says,
What about Key West Stone Crabs and Seafood in general?
What about General Seafood?
I say Key West Stone Crabs sounds fine to me.
Nothing I ever was there ever had him.
You had those old stone crabs worth it the same,
whether it's here in the keys.
You're asking me?
Well, if that would be the case,
when then Maryland Crab Cakes would be the same.
Maybe even get crab cases about any stone crabs.
They're all in our, in our waters over here.
Right.
I kind of imagine that the stone crabs are on the keys area are different.
Well, how do you know?
I don't.
Maybe, maybe they're gay.
Everything about that?
Maybe they're extra crabby.
There you go.
I don't know, don't put that.
They're just reaching out.
They're just desperate.
Best regional seafood in the West.
You know, something that some places are famous for.
Like Philly Cheese Steak, New York Pizza, New York Water Dogs,
which I went in some of the day.
I didn't know they called them Water Dogs, did you?
No.
Well, now we do.
Does that got any votes?
New York Water Dogs?
It's got, where is it?
One.
And that's probably the guy that got to call one of those two guys that called in.
And look at Chorizo, didn't have any.
Bocha-Riso is good stuff.
It'll tear your kishki down.
It's very, very, how it's probably very, very, very, very, very,
yeah, the kishki's out.
It will.
Now, what exactly is Chorizo?
Or don't we want to discuss it?
It's sausage.
Yeah. But what's it made from?
Uh, it's just a particular recipe.
But it's just sausage like, you know,
everybody has their own kind of sausage.
Very spicy, very rich.
Some that German have some.
This is definitely good.
We can go through your teas and gums if you have a good workout.
That's the little slices of sausage that you find in Paella.
I see.
That's really good.
Got the QAAM.
Hello.
I've got one for the pole.
Yes sir.
How about a Wooten Manners Potadick.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
I made myself a note to laugh later.
Okay, well let's know when it's gonna be we'll market it to myself five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
We've rised in singular wireless line and by the way you ferry w a m. Hello. Hey
Yes, sir
Wtf
The end of
Buffalo wings
You want to run it by me again chest of peak at Buffalo wings. That's what I heard. Yeah
Okay, I'm gonna start going to my pile very soon very quickly. These people are so desperate W.I.M. Hello
WQ. I am hello
Not there Q. I.M. Ola
Good morning
Now we're on a roll WQ. I.M. Hello. Yes, Neil. Are you a fortune? It's a live in America's greatest city for two years and you didn't like it
What's that?
Boston the best who said I didn't like it. I love
Oh, you love I mean I said I don't want to live there now. I said I live there in
Why wouldn't you want to live there now because I just don't oh?
What we have in barbed wire the weather the weather there is brutal man. It's just
It's a great day today Neil. Let me tell you that well pick a day. You know pick me a good day and then tell me
Where can you get bring them to our fudge? Where can you get the best Chinese food in the world?
Yeah, where can you get the best seafood in the world? Let me ask you question
Tell you this the Italian food in North End is so overrated in Boston. I can't begin to tell you know
You got to know those restaurants suck. Let me say it again. Most of them below
Who else has the Boston Red Talks? Yeah, exactly. Like I said, I don't want to go there no more
See one thing about the boss. I've always said this we don't have a lot of Boston people in South Florida
Most of the ones that did come to South Florida. I'm not just
They make the New Yorkers seem like the jolly green giant. They hadn't realized that until now. Oh, no, it's true
Very true. Don't you remember that one guy the Patriots fan that we find a guy with a
That was calling it really a taxi every day. Oh my god. What are jackass?
And that's that's all he knew you know
Just I'm not just the good enough of the people that were the decent people in Boston most of them are still there
WQ a.m. Hello. Hey Neil. They're in Newbury. Yes, sir. How about key line pie
Key key line pie from Key West. Yes, sir. All right. Take care
Key West key line pie. Yeah, there you go. See now that that actually fits into that's a category that fits in the pool
How do you like that? Oh, for a little bit of a concept that somebody actually uh huh and I like key line pie
Well, I'm not listening. What's not to like about key line pie? Well, it's a little part
Hey, I can't do it. What happens is a lot of people try to make it and they don't know how to make it
And so it tastes sour and it's been with some of those people right
Or you mean the key line pie that too um and I'll tell you what else is very uh very sweet and some and if jack says like key line pie
Can pie yeah, you're oh, I'm getting ahead. I think it about you got to yeah, you got to have a very small piece of
Can pie because it is so
Slightly sweet and rich really rich you can feed your gut both of your big toes it decides to like them out rush more
When you eat the can't put I like it especially with a nice dollop of whipped cream on it or ice cream
Or ice cream and whipped cream or and hot pudge
That will manners hot fudge that the guy was talking about
Robert's here writes be trained the Reagan revolution
Good old Robert's here see I feel compelled to spirit of Christ compels me to read certain calmness
Oh, what a tangled web these no longer young Republicans weave when they first practice to deceive
The flumb line that runs down through the cesspool of the festering Abraham off the lace candle is the conceit that the sions of the Reagan revolution
They generation of young republicans active is summoned by god and party were morally superior creatures
Who had only pure ideological motives for cutting country social safety nets and the name of small government
More than two decades before he flew to building the felonies and two jurisdictions
Jack Abramoff was the hard-nosed chairman of the college Republicans and his lieutenants were Harvard graduate
Grover Norquist who rose to political powers president of the American taxpayers association
And a young Georgia student named Ralph Reed who would later become the face of the Christian coalition
Today our party ready is itself to mount the wave of the future Abramoff's harmonized in a 25 as a 25 year old
And through republican national convention 84 as reported in mother Jones magazine
We will ride that wave to glory or will it send us crashing offshore if we're the party of tax cuts and not the party of ifs and buts
Ifs and buts back to them then we're riding our way if we try to outspend big-fat tip o' near or rush to Geneva to cut a deal will crash
All offshore
On us you like that if we try to outspend big-fat tip o' near or rush to Geneva to cut a deal
Who is a poet and didn't even know it and then did he ever blow it now?
However Abramoff has crashed and he threatens to take downtown delay when outsized week
He won't attempt to regain his European leadership post in the house
Even as he continues to fight his own indictment in Texas which in all republican appeals court is just refused to dismiss
Meanwhile through others who came up through the ranks to republican youthful activism
Edwin Buckham and Brent Wilkes cannot be edited to the web growing with each new indictment investigative news article of delay
Affiliate lobbyist politicians and public officials who employed or benefited from a series of what appeared to be front-proof slush funds and political money laundering operations
Wilkes is up to his eyeballs in the case of this grace to represent a duke cunningham who pleaded guilty in December to accepting 2.4 million dollars in grabs from defense
Conpractors tried to sell stuff to the Pentagon
Wilkes in turn was a client of Buckham a key figure with the center of an
Influence public investigation into his work at the phony front organization the US family network that serviced Abramoff's
clients
On Monday Buckham announced that due to recent bad publicity is prominent Alexander strategy group A.S.G. lobbying firm was shutting down
It was A.S.G. that paid delays wife at least 115 grand in consulting fees while selling the companies
Why they procuring access to her super powerful husband the lobby firm also provided office face to
Americans for a republican majority delays fund raising organization
No surprise then that when Wilkes wanted to gain influence in Congress and supported his quest to get the Pentagon to invest in products
He was selling but for which the Pentagon's inspector general found no real demand
He turned to A.S.G. paying at least $630,000 for the firm services
President Bush as he did with N. Ron and it's politically well-connected executives as we've portedly looking to distance himself from these big
Big times EOP players going down like a house of cards in a category five hurricane
And is with N. Ron who's company chief Kenny Boylay was tight with Bush and was a key financial supporter of his campaigns
Such protests will bring a hollow to those paying attention
Because of the perpetrators proud to work on a president's campaigns transition teams fund raising even in his administration
Abraham office a patron fund raise there for the Bush 2004 campaign and served on the Department of Interior transition theme
While Wilkes was Bush's California campaign finance co-chair
The scope of the scandal swirling around delay was perhaps best described by former republican husband
Jury leader Dick army now a lobbyist
Tom Delay sent Buckham down town to set up shop and start a branch office on case street
Army told the New York Times referring to a role lobby for a famously headquarter there the whole idea was what's in it for us
Sounds accurate enough, but armies candid comment raises the question of why he and others in the republican establishment
Didn't blow the whistle on this operation before the indictments came down
After all, building the Pentagon for millions, broadening officials and breaking campaign finance laws is hardly hardly small potatoes
What irony that those once young Republicans who heptored their elders about being more vigilant in defending the nation's taxpayers and security forces should end up now
Accused of deeply betraying both
There's your buddy robert cheer who got candid the LA Times because they don't like that liberal stuff no mole
no mole
Little bit too liberal for California
Now that the fascist tide is sweeping through all North America
Maybe that's why they don't like Hugo Chavez
He's a little bit too far on the other side which she probably is but nevertheless the dark side
He's on the dark side. That's right. He is a little bit on the dark side another dimension lead to a banter
reflection
Never see him and where you get together same guy
Okay, what do we got leading that poll so far?
This is a really good poll to bet the audience is out to destroy it best regional food in the US
New York pizza 59 you betcha baby you can't be the one with a stick
Nothing fancy just the old pepperoni and cheese will do right?
Right, that's all you need and again because they got that great water in New York
That's why nobody can duplicate it. I don't care what anybody tells you nobody
And at least out in the USA and the pizza here it really sucks. Oh
Where that up there in Canadian yeah
Bad pizza. I think even a pizza thief wouldn't want to steal a list of all for me
He's he's he's takes 48 buffalo chicken wings look how many that's got
New England plans out of 26 your cargo pizza 25 Louisiana K. John's got 21 main lobster 19 75 chicken 19 Cuban cuisine 18
takes back 16 Maryland blue crab 10
New England grinders 10 Carolina barbecue six Chicago hot dogs five roxers for white hots five
Cincinnati chili four Wisconsin brats three jerk port three New York water dogs two jerk chicken two
Your fists keep West Keline pie one Texas barbecue brisket one Chicago Polish kebasa one and none yet for Texas blue bell ice cream
I never heard of that Mexican to the store Texas smoked sausage
and
Even though I was a jackass that Boston guy we could put
Boston Brigham's ice cream you know it's a brand name. Yeah, it's not it's I don't know
Well, we got that Texas blue bell. I must be a brand isn't it?
I'll take your word for it. I don't think that belongs on there
Never heard of it. Yeah. Well, whatever
12 13s picking a picking out if you've been doing too much of it and you made a new years resolution to lose weight
Here's the answer for you man balance for life even the beast
I guess you know if we're gonna keep him alive he can't afford to give up and he's on balance for life again
He's on the sack and losing weight every day in fact tune in for daily updates if he's still alive
What can be easier than getting all your food for the entire day every day to live a right to your door in a little black sack
And that's what they do at balance for life
They send your menu every week and you fill out the menu make your solutions
And that's exactly what you get in your black sack at home at your work wherever you are
They give you three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks delivered every single day right to your doorstep
Your full all day you're not starving to death you're not counting calories or carbs or anything else
And you lose weight like crazy
So wait to do it so instead of rushing to the gym and wasting your time in a lot of cash
Here's the way to do it get in the zone. That's the zone by dr. Barry Sears
Who's probably close kin to a Brian's series?
Get in the zone with balance for life and lose that weight like crazy in this year
Keep up with that new years resolution and best of all stay alive
Call balance for life right now at 1 866
225
45 43
That's 866 225 45 43 or check them out in the web at balanceforlife.com
In fact, if you call right now, mention the arranger's acuity you'll get two days of food free
This week so make the call right now because the sooner you start the sooner you're gonna start losing that disgusting fact
1 866 225 45 43
This is meal Roger
This is 566
Little Clinton
Good morning
Allow me to introduce my new business venture
Pardon
University
I don't care what you've done
Murder, embezzlement
If you're a cop that made a woman walk home making
If you got the loot I'll give the charges the boo
Even though I'm no longer the president on the United States
And I possess no real power
I have found a way to jerry rig the system
I still look diamond from the sales jewelry store
How much you got?
About a thousand bucks
Pardon me
Yeah
Hey I embezzled 600 million dollars for my brokerage firm
Jackpot
How much you got?
$10,000
Pardon me
I locked off my husband's willy
No can do mama sita
Tragicobi and Myers
Pardon university is not affiliated with any institution of higher learning
And maybe illegal in most states
If you've got the bread the charges are dead
Yeah
Pardon me
Pardon me
Pardon me
Well we miss you bad I'll tell you that believe you me
And here's a story about Bubba as a matter of fact
I also got the info on the Memorial Service for Skiver Chuck
From Monday it's sliding off my machine right now
It's a good machine bottle
Marty
You're going to go to that Memorial Service
In fact I'm off on Monday it's Martin Luther King Day
So maybe I'll go to the Memorial Service
Oh I'm not
Well that's right I'm out of town I forgot
Well see there are a lot of people who are very confused
In fact even Joe said to me yesterday
It sounds like you're right in town
Sounds like you're right here
Everybody tells me that
And you know what I am
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
Wouldn't that be something
Oh he's not in Toronto
He's in Boyton Beach
Why the hell would he want to be up there freezing his ass off
Although the sun is shining 45 degrees today
Anyway former President Bill Clinton surprised you as troops from Iraq
When his V fueling stop at the Bangor main
In the National Airport coincided with their arrival
His plans for quick departure Monday night were delayed
When a problem was discovered with the aircraft
Allowing Bubba to join a line of local readers
Who meet each plane carrying troops returning from overseas
Or leaving for duty
Thank you for your service Clinton said
As he shook hands and hugged many of the troops
The autographed hats, cards, other items
Clinton had some fun with Army Specialist Joshua
Wreschenberg, Ruchenberg
Used a cell phone provided by troop readers to call his sister-in-law
Chancy Garrison, Chancy
In North Carolina
He ended over the phone to the former commander-in-chief
Hi Chancy, it's Bill Clinton the former president said in the phone
The troops about 600 of them were returning to bases at Oklahoma
Texas and Georgia
Their two-turted aircraft had landed for fuel
This is great, Staff Sergeant Anthony Thompson
New York City told the Bangor Daily News
Clinton's private jet was scheduled to land for fuel
But there was a mechanical problem as well
Said Rebecca Hupp, airport manager
While the flight was scheduled to land for fuel
Through customs, airport ministries didn't know that Clinton was on the plane
Clinton was returning money net from Paris
Where he had met with French President Jacques Chirac
To discuss plans for his charitable organization
The Clinton Foundation and was obviously getting laid
How do you like that?
All right
That was his head start program in Paris
Here's the Memorial Service for Skipper Upchuck
A public memorial service has been scheduled for 2.30 pm
So you've got time to get up there
Well maybe not
On Monday, January 16th for local radio and TV personality Chuck's Link
Oh and there's an old look at that picture of a Skipper Chuck
Go on the Assent Center website
Hold it up
Now seriously go on there
It's an ancient picture is wearing like a sailors outfit or something like that
Skipper's outfit
Right
As a Skipper Chuck
Got a young Skipper Chuck there
Anyway, the long time host of the popular Skipper Chuck Popeye Playhouse Center at TV
Family friends and fans can attend the Memorial at the Guards Memorial Park
4103 North Military Trail
And leave personal messages at the Westwall of the cemetery
Various radio TV personalities and community leaders expected to attend the Memorial and Ulysses Zinc
I wonder if the Humphors is going to be there
I sure hope so
They both used to work for Channel 4 for Rulmetko
Chuck's Link who spent 22 years as children's show host on Skipper Chuck and Southport TV
Got on Wednesday January the 4th at the hospice by the sea in Boka not far from his home
He was 80
He started Popeye Playhouse on Channel 4 and 57
His later Skipper Chuck show went on the year off the year in 79
Thousands of very children attended the shows during their 22 year run
Even Little George grew up with Skipper Chuck
To a point
In later years he also hosted two other shows the American Senior Side and Saturday nights big bands on WXCL
And additionally was hosted the lunch bunch on WJNA
And AM Radio Station broadcasting from Fort Lauderdale to people over the age of 100
He'll be missed baby good guy Skipper Chuck so there you go
This Monday 230 p.m. January 16 at the Gardens Memorial Park 4103 North Military Trail
We're going to put that right on the bottom of my special pile over here
So we have that in perpetuity you know as we move along
I say that picture it's a good picture of him
And then my picture I'm going to put it on my scalpel
But he's a pretty spiffy guy he was good great guy
That's hard to remember
Didn't take himself too seriously
There's nothing worse in this business than somebody who's all stuffy
And all puffed up like a peacock you know taking himself too seriously
That's bad
And that was not Skipper Chuck
WCOM hello
Not there on to what that's bad 5 6 7
See I think we run it out I don't think there are anymore regional specialities
Are there that we missed out
I think at this time I did a pretty good job on my own in the beginning
Pretty thorough list here I mean we even got things that don't qualify on there
Such a nice blue bell ice cream
I'm that's a brand name you know
That would be like saying
Publix to ice cream right
Right didn't he more stew
No
Didn't he more is national it's not a
You don't get it either
Who were you to be knocking whoever that was
WCOM hello
Yes
WCOM hello
Hey Neil how about the New York bagels man
The bagels and the reason I showed it is because just like the pizza because of the water
Yeah you know they say that the New York City tab where I sort of
Accervial the two question ones was better than like a
100 and 27 different types of ball of rye water
To come from mountains
But over again with that number one thing
The most important part of the pizza
You gotta can't forget that
Dr. Pounds
They don't do it
Oh boy
You people are relentless man you relentless your brutal
Keep it up
Okay now what are we doing under now?
Oh I'm New York bagels
And again the same thing is the pizzas because the water you order
Taste the difference oh why I can't eat bagels man the yeast and those things
Man it gives me such a headache
Remember the days when New Ease to get all those bagels in there?
Love them
Oh god I do too but boy I can't even make this killing
Like I'm playing WQAM hello
California cuisine
Such as
You know avocado especially though
Yeah
California cuisine my ass
All those are good to say in fact it was a chain are they still a business California pizza?
I don't know
You remember them?
Yeah vaguely
I don't know what it was because they never ate their crap I mean they're good stuff
California pizza you want to put that on there?
Not really
Why not? Well there is such a thing although it was a brand name it was a chain a chain
But I don't even know what that is well maybe somebody will
Will specify will clarify and see this a pile of crap
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in a Verizon singular wireless line WQAM hello
Yes
You know what about that famous
Sam failed Cisco
Highly overrated shower go red
As a possibility for your fault. That's a good possibility. What's wrong with that?
I never had it I don't think oh you you've never been the same fan Cisco. Oh no
I've been there but I never had no shower to a bread
Well next time you go you might want to try it and whatever quick you know
I in 1963 I was a young guy at a 15 I was able to attend JFK's funeral
And then 15 years later
I was injecting
Reginald van Gleason passed away in North Miami. I was able to view they had a viewing in North Miami believe it
And I would like to know I mean it's it's gonna be you have any plans
And the future of you know to have like a viewing or something like that to pay everybody's and software to pay respect
You mean to have any plans to crop real soon? No, not there's not real
But I think you would have probably the largest turnout in history of the state. Let me tell you how old are you sir?
Almost 60
Yeah, I'll have you by 10 years. No worry about I already got been making plans. What we're gonna be able to giant bonfire all right
There's a guy stop and think about this. Yeah, I think of the JFK funeral
And he's already making plans to attend the viewing of my ashes. He's got something to be prepared
But it yeah, that's talk about morbid man. Oh man
So you know how they used to like you know make a pyre and set fire to the old kings when they got fired to the pyre
And I think that you know you going out in flames would be appropriate
But then we're gonna have an appointment
All the chronic skin jump into the fire once we get it going most of them will be dead before me trust me just mark. Oh
So they put it down including that last caller who's
Who's in fact if that if that's your main thing in life is attending funeral
He probably's ready for a dirt nap right now
27 past noon at 560 wqa m if you're in a dead end job if you're grossly underpaid if you knew your resolution
To get out of that rut and get you a high paying career act right now make one easy call
Pick up that phone and call fast train right now at 1 866 fast train
Fast train will get you trained ready for a great new high paying career in just a few short months
That's all it takes that's all you have to do is take a few short months
Get yourself trained and you'll really find a life the demand right now for medical coding specialists and computer professionals
Is it an all-time high and fast train offers convenient day evening and weekend classes job placement assistance and financially for people to qualify
Pick up that phone to call fast train right now. There's no obligation call 1 866 fast train
They placed over a hundred people just like you in 2005
Check fast train out of the web at fast train dot com
But you better act fast because classes are filling up fast
So don't miss the train of opportunity this year if you want to get out of that dead end
It gives you some of a big fat paycheck every payday call fast train today and make your new years resolution me out
These finally after all of this time and all of these all of these things call toll free 1 866
Fast train
This is meal Roger
This is 5168
Okay
Hey, oh, this meal is for everyone
Just shut and try it
Hey, oh, you know
Fox go last to the fox weird stop. It's no swearing. Don't forget let me be
And now I'm mad in some bad because I'm had all I can
Would you go back to who will but you will a food still my boys?
It's no choice. Don't resist. I'll get bad persisting constantly. I want you to consume the food that I now got
I'm my hot plate I bought no juice like a soup maybe ruthless and cruel
The grinch gives him shit. Rouse give you the inches of shut up and give up
Open up any just just try it. No guys. You see that you like it. I don't mean to be mean but that's how I can feel
Because I am the man who creates this hand
If I wasn't I wouldn't be saying my name in my mind
This is my master plan
After this two toast and jam and I am
The man who creates this hand
If I wasn't I wouldn't be saying my name in my mind
This is my master plan
You know me I'm a sub-samma
Oh yeah
Yo, Cindy Lou want to get sliced me up some roast beef
You guys know Dr. Sous
Please kick it straight up
Yes, like this. It's a 1234-26 to 1 a.k.o.am
The York pizza man looks like it's moving in when I slid over a fully-cheese day. It goes into me the two um
Contenders. Oh for me. Those are the contenders. They're all the others. They're just pretenders
So mea Mamook I beg your pardon
Consider the chickens in her backyard to be beloved pets
The eight-year-old girl fed them, petted them and took care of them
Oh when they started to get sick and die she hugged them and tenderly kissed them
Oh that's a bad idea
Yes
The next morning her face and eyes were swollen she had a high fever
Her father took her to a hospital in five days later
She was confirmed to have the deadly H5N1 strain of bird flu
Oh my god
Oh my god
The chickens were sick one had puffed up and she touched it. Oh when it puffed up don't touch it
Tell you we told her not to she loved chickens a lot her father Abre
I will do uh what I'll build care on my mook
That's his name I'll build care on my mook pretty pretty name of dual said of the younger second youngest of his eight children
She held them in her arm. I was at eight children so there was this earth not a big deal for oldest brothers. I do
said
Samir loved animals and took care of puppies and kittens in van's yalim ares neighborhood
Where is this does it actually say on here where the hell this is oh in turkey
Samir began to cry when when her mother saw Samir holding one of the dying chickens she yelled at her and hit the girl to get her away
She began to cry she wiped her tears with a hand she'd been using to comfort the dying chicken
Oh
Do not put the hand on the chicken and then in your eye eye eye eye eye okay
Bad idea
She wiped her face center father speaking and broken turkish. Oh, I did like that turkish taffy is a kid
I miss that I should have been on the boy yesterday
Hmm never have turkish taffy don't think I have it'll yank your teeth right out strawberry like pink ooh
Hmm you never had turkish taffy taffy taffy
You have like a whole um I forget who used to make it do a google on it turkish taffy never heard of it referred to his turkish taffy
I'd love to taffy let me say it again
turkish taffy mr
Anyway, her father was speaking and a broken turkish wearing a leather jacket a typical Kurdish headrest in their bright clean home
She started to swell she had really high fever. She said this isn't so swell
Following a few ten states when her family were to she'd ever recover
Samir's condition has improved due to quick treatment with the anti viral drug tanniflu
Ha, I think don't Roswell's behind this story. I got but almost turkish taffy right to taffy
I don't remember the brand name when you were a kid, but if I saw the package
Oh, it's got a little kid smiling looking at right. Yeah, it is French tube
There's a kids a kiss a kid's thing kissing kiss the chicken
You never I can't believe you never had turkish taffy. I guess it's just not invoked no more stop by that name
Let me say it again. It's like flat. It's like yeah, yeah, that's a taffy pink. Pull your feelings out
Well, it's like like an a yellow wrapper and it's flat. It's like a candy viral. It's taffy daffy
Jesus god, you pull it but at least two other children have died. No one say pull it. That's a chicken. Oh, that's right. She'll be kissing it again
Don't believe just stop stop please
Shove a two by four in his mouth or something when you play there at least let's get to two o'clock today
But at least two other children have died of the same virus in turkey and as of Tuesday 15 people attempted positive for infection and preliminary tests many our children
And then these are also appear to be spreading
In parts of the world where the virus has been deadly until not only in East Asia children like some may have been hit the worst
But I read that story only because of the chicken
Looking factor, but nevertheless here's the important story
Study questions bird flu
paranoia. Oh my god
Exactly paranoia keep them scared be afraid all of that stuff
be afraid
be very afraid. Oh, yeah
A study suggested most people exposed to avion flu do not become a serious video and recover in a few days
Even as a surgeon suspected human bird flu cases is raising alarm in turkey
I wonder if you can get it from turkish taffy
Well, that's stuffled as yankier fillings. Oh, that must be a dentist delight
I'll bet the sweetest study published yesterday in the archives of internal medicine said a survey of yet in the me show that most people will handle dead or sick poultry
Reported mild flu-like symptoms, but did not have the severe reaction health officials said could sweep the globe
And by the way, I should point out that this particular strain has been around for 10 years
The h5n1 this is like not a brand new strain this strain of bird flu has been around for 10 years
And you know how many people have died from it in the tin and again only from contact with birds and chickens
80
So
80 that's 80 year
And then it sounds like a pandemic to you. It's a freaking epidemic
Dr. Anna Thurson of the Carolinska Institute and in a stuck home
In stuck home who led the study said that all the survey subjects were not tested for the h5n1 avion flu virus
Researchers think that participants had it
Researchers also said concerned about a pandemic has been fueled by the fact that only the worst human case had been reported health officials since the
2003 outbreak in Asia where the not exactly what you call your sanitary folks
The verified human cases of highly pathogenic avion influenza and via non-may represent only a selection of the most severely
EO patients the study says but Dr. Anthony Pouchy directed the National Institute of Allergy and infectious diseases
Today yesterday he's got reservations about this study
He said that without blood tests it's impossible to know whether the people at influenza much less avion influenza or maybe they were drinking avion water
Maybe those french got to them. There isn't enough sufficient specific data to draw any conclusions as to the prevalence of bird flu in that community
Dr. Pouchy said
And it goes on in other words, they don't know the meat better boop but about the be afraid the inner panic and go out and buy a lot of tamper and stock up on it
Just like if I can shove out at cipro is probably outdated now. It's probably four years old since 2001. That's right. Anything
And what company was it was that was having all that problems and all of us the company that makes cipro. What was it?
anthrax
Hi, huh. I forgot it'll come to me wasn't bear was it no no no not that it was one of the big drug manufacturers
It was one of the financial problems and all of a sudden everybody was buying cipro because oh
We got to get our meals gonna have anthrax in it
By the way, let me ask you a few questions real fast. Who do you have to break here a few real fast questions? We got our summer yet
Who I'll spend much time thinking about here. And I noticed they just had a new tape from his sidekick there. I'll draw a heary
I'm in the pymin. We got him yet. We got a little bit of Omar. How about ours our cow? We got him yet
We ever saw those anthrax meetings. We got them yet
What no, what we're doing a hell of a job. I'm reading people's mail and tap in their phones excellent job for taking all you folks from evil
1240 20 to one isoledo man. This guy's a real Nazi. You know what? In fact, I'm gonna do that story about the lynching in Virginia and in surprise
Why if he's probably high five and bush on that deal, huh? He's a crooked liar, too. Well, there you go
But nevertheless
Hey, listen. He just doesn't like you know minorities and women and fags and
other right and people who work for a living right
Families he doesn't like these things right. I want to say a lot of money
1241 a QA and we got the mole man at two three-soul hours of the mad dog
Oh right really putting him he put in a high gear now man put some heavy duty work four to seven then we got
Hurricane hotline at seven no guilty of day
So we got the rest of the week got the beast at the Bernice at nine and he paid at 10 o'clock
No game because the panthers in San Luis tomorrow the San Luis blues they really suck
And I'm Curtis and Lenny Martez and well, we don't want to get too far ahead though
Don't let me a promote that weekend's scheduled too much a lot of Lenny this we learn
Happy new year from the fine folks that Armstrong Ford a homestead 2005 was a stupendous year and
Thousands not hundreds but thousands of new customers took advantage of the meal deal and bought their new Ford from Armstrong Ford
Why do people shop there? It's easy. Piece of cake
Armstrong Ford guaranteed you great price grade service after the sale and that personal touch that comes from a local family-owned dealership
Pick up the phone right now calls General Mangler David rich at 305
247
5112 when you buy a new Ford from Armstrong Ford homestead you also get like I've been telling you for a long time
That exclusive tires and batteries for life program. That's correct
Three tires and batteries for life of your car when you buy an Armstrong Ford that could save you a whole lot of cash
Thousand of dollars David rich and the staff at Armstrong Ford guarantee you won't find a better price any place
So why would you want to shop any place else and think locally owned and operated you know they're gonna treat you great because they want to make you a customer
Forever not a one-time quick deal no bait and switch no fully sales
So start to year off right with the new Ford from our good friend David rich and the staff at Armstrong Ford a homestead
And you'll find them a 307 25 South Dixie highway just 20 easy minutes south just cruise on and down south of the 836
Check them on the web Armstrong cars dot com and then grab a few miles extra to save yourself a whole pot load of money
Thousands and billions of dollars when you do your car shopping at Armstrong Ford of homestead
This is me a Roger
This is 516 QA
Don't from a spoke
They look ready to me
We're gonna go talk to get started right away and give away a thousand dollars here the category is phrase. Let's go
You got an incredible dyslexia
Look it out that could help you as sometimes your brain will hear mouth say something
I think I'm gonna get this word. I'm sure something will pop in my head here
I'm gonna go excited. I'll just tend to stumber it a bit. I like that
So all the pressure of trying to come over and answer but heading yet
There you go
I
Shouldn't be three can I go
Yeah, I'm like you know the mom loves your stuff
That call we had before the last break that was the most morbid call I think I've ever had
All these years in about 30
And they're incredible
I love the center. I was like 83 years old 87 years old and like had like emphysemen with like
Why everybody like that 63 this guy is about 60 and what am I gonna croak, you know
And if I got anything special planned he's got his outfit all picked out
My god, he was how to any what pali give us your email if you got one and I'll email you the date
I was that we'll make a date for my death. We're gonna have you taxidermy and put on display there. You go
And they can throw like a rotten halivide me
And the old Cubans can come across they'll all be dead too
That was one of the great things about having made it this far
You know how those old nasty rotten bastards that called on kat and w snooze
You're a piece of crap you're a bavila they're all pushing up uh pans you now
And that's something it's something
Well, you know, I mean as you get older that's one of the things that happens
I mean friends enemies uh people are in the ground, you know and you look back and say holy Cub but but the meantime you're still alive
And that's something you're still alive you're looking to mirror every morning and not too happy with what you've seen
necessarily but nevertheless you're still breathing and living
Yeah
Great news in Miami speaking of it's a crime only 56 homo a homicides were reported in the city of Miami in 2005
And major crime was down 5% from the previous year police brass said today. Police brass knuckles
Chief John Timothy, I wonder how his kids do it without eight million pounds of pot. I will see him no more
No, I just didn't hear no more about that
Chief John Timothy said in a morning press conference the murder rate hit a low now seen since the mid 1960s
Oh man see that they hit him with five shots
And there's still alive I think it was only four
To compare two decades ago in 85 Miami police logged 137 homicides
Uh, according to city statistics detective self 80% 86% of those while the national average clearance rate
Hover's around at least 63% at hovers
This is a good news story said to many unlike the course of story about his kid with those 42 million pounds of pot
They was trying to pedal these statistics are unofficial but likely some of the official numbers will be sent to the FBI in April
He said at the press conference Miami Mayor Manny Diaz
Who said is still printing those bills? I'm sure commissioner Joe Sanchez and city manager Joe Aureola
Hailed the declining crime right crime rate is a historic
For seeing its long been associated with crime
They're trying to crime of course mirrors the trend all across the country
Nationwide violent crime was done during the first six months of last year compared to the same period in 2004
violent crime category includes murder
Forcible rape robbery and aggravated assault
So let's see we had how many for that guy to call that we spent all that time in Oakville at the shopping mall
Couple weeks ago remember that guy who was giving me the lecture about Toronto and know what expert he was
Now violent it is here and oh boy
Let's see now the city of Toronto is about two and a half million people okay great
The GTA the greater trotter is like four to five million but so two and a half million the city of Miami stay within 62,000
So let's say eight yeah between eight now. I'll just under your favor say only eight
So 56 times eight is what 48
448 there were 72 murders in Toronto in 2005 if we had the same rate as the city of Miami would be of
448 that wouldn't have been too great
Okay, I would be like Detroit and the New York and Chicago places like that
Because again, this is not the county keep mine. That's a city of Miami
56 homo sides
Got it. So that guy who spent those two minutes in Oakville which is like spending two minutes in Boyton, Beach
You know and is the expert on Toronto and the GTA and all the you're an idiot and don't come back please
We're not okay without you
Speaking of America and this whole crime situation and even though crime is down, you know things are really looking up
We're not killing quite as many as we used to
Where's the one that's uh oh?
Don't have I didn't do that over
That's the American way yeah, I did I should have put edit on there shouldn't I?
It's not a little too much of that's the American way
Anyway moments before their trial was to begin five white South Carolina use admitted their roles in a mob attack on a black teenager
And we see prison sentences from a judge who called their actions despicable and cowardly and of course also said
That's the American way yeah, he'd be right about that
The teens ages 17 and 18 tirefully stood before a judge doi at early
With heads bowed as the judge gave them a sentence ranging from two and a half to six years in state prison
two and a half to six years
That was that
They're victim Isaiah Clyburn's 17 said though has through his lawyer he forgave them
He holds no hatred in his heart for what they did attorney trade gaudy said what if he's getting the court gaudy
Or apple pan doudy never chucked out well who
Before lawyers could begin opening statements on through they the teens pleaded guilty to charges of aggravated assault and battery and second degree of lynching
Secondary lynching lynching baby like you think they call it lynchburg virginia
Well, this was South Carolina. Well same difference. I thought it was because of that lemonade
Once you get south of a Pennsylvania, you know Ohio and I'm not too sure about Ohio
You'll have to ask the mad dog about Solano Ohio
That about Joe Mars junior from finley, Ohio
But you didn't think I knew that dick fineberg finley, Ohio the home of Joe Mars junior. How do you like that?
Do I know my harness racing trivia or what?
How
South Carolina legally defines lynching as a mob attack against individual where the victim survives
It was an accident, but somebody got hurt
Prosecutor said the five riding to a nearby drag strip and three pickup trucks across the club
We're in on July 7th as you walked along a rural road in Cherokee County, South Carolina
Oh, nothing could be finer than to get out of South Carolina in the moment in huh or the evening or anytime
Yeah, before it's too late. Maybe that's why that john and Jareema whatever it is in a Columbia South Carolina keeps faxing all the time
He's just trying to stay inside and stay safe
One of the defendant shouted a racial slur another identified as Christopher Scott Kates
Probably kin to Phoebe Kates or maybe George Kates challenge fiber to a fight and the other surrounded fiber and beating and kicking him
Prosecutor said I wonder if he's kind of van fiber
Clive run who didn't know any of his assailants tried to run to a friend's house
But couldn't scale a barbed wire fence the beating continued across the road into a ditch
Afterward prosecutor said the defendant Lucas Greiss climbed back under his truck and showed his clustering to a female passenger bragging
This is where I got him in the head
Hmm you're not the only one who got some good licks in another defendant said a grand of prosecutors
When you think of lynching it goes back today's we've advanced from since they represent a Carl Allen Oh
How naive he is speaking on behalf of the Clyburn family the attack he had had this put a shackle on Isaiah's mind that he's trying to work from
Each of the defense attorneys asked for mercy one calling his final church going boy there you go
I rest my case right every one of these cases. Oh, he was a good church going boy
Just like Jeffrey Dahmer all these people all good church going boys
Who made a foolish mistake another attorney repeatedly referred to the incident as a fight
But the judge was unmoved you're an embarrassment to the community and yourselves judge early told the defendant
You acted made this spicable cowardly way
Sending young men to Joe isn't fun or really said separate inmates
It's something that I hate to do what?
Don't have a good time with those kids in there. Well, they got buddy at it state prison sentences are needed to send a message like Joys Aza
Baby
Through our community and our states that we won't tolerate this type of behavior this barbaric rotiss lynching crap man and speaking of that
There's wolf blitzkrieg. I'm not see if there ever was one
Kate 17 was identified as the instigator tearfully apologized
I just want to say I'm sorry to the family for everything that happened. I hope everybody forgives me
I made a mistake. I'm sorry
Well, Brad DeLis said that and big-s think and deal who cares?
The judge told Kate's unfortunately in this society
I have to punish you and you have to stand forward like a man and take that punishment now bend over
A few minutes later, he handed Kate to the harshest sentence six years in prison five years probation 400 hours of community service
So I guess that was the harshest one he could to allow
I say
Yeah
Three others just and actually Phillips 18 Kenneth Eugene Miller Jr. 18 and Greys 17
I wonder if Kenneth's related Joe Mars Jr. and Greys 17 received three or sentences for lynching along with five years probation and 300 hours of community service
Jerry Christopher Tony 18 was sentenced to two and a half years in prison five years probation and 300 hours of community service
Greys apologized directly to Clyburn. I just want to say I'm sorry for what happened to you. He said through tears
I'm so sorry
The judge said he felt responsible to send a message to this community in this state that anybody wants to act with mob violence toward an individual
They're going to the state Department of Corrections for a period of time
There's Brenda
Yeah, maybe like army she just wants to apologize. What do you think?
Come on
I'm sorry. He pointed out that the ugly ugly okay. That's enough Brenda
She's still alive. How do I? Brindley? I don't know. Oh, but okay. Let's see pinky Lee dead
Brenda Lee you're looking at up your Google in it
Uh, F Lee Bailey. He's still alive. Hey, I'm leaving
You else who else
Lee Merrow weather she was Miss America. She was on the big what was that show the big simist that that
Yeah, as a matter of fact she was a catwoman that woman she was one of her right
Well, well, it was also Lee. She was also on Barnacles Jones Lee Merrow weather
She uh, she was a good buddies with Jeb, Jebidaya
Yeah, Brenda Lee is she still alive? Oh, this thing slow all of a sudden
Anyway, he pointed out that the ugly ugly situation the judge had cast a shadow adverse and nasty publicity in our community
It just takes one incident like this to tell the world we are a backward hating type of community
All right, you're right about that and you are
Several pastors by who up clibber and called police were president the courtroom but didn't speak
Clibber and family moved after the attack still coming to terms with they moved their can imagine why
And moved out of that horse and buggy horseball town South Carolina
Nothing could be fine. Okay. How's Brenda doing?
So Logan
Can't find it well your computer there. It's uh, slow. It's the internet's dragon. Yeah
The internet is a little slow to them. I know what's going on. Maybe it's uh, maybe it's one of those internet
Oh my god, a tax
30-60 won she's still kicking all right
He's still kicking and she's still sorry as hell kicking it old after some of the records he made our camp labor
258 a qm when you're shopping for shoes. You're nowhere to go now
In fact, there's one of the things I enjoy always is time you were to go and it's brandy shoes in pomp and obi
For the most comfortable fit in your favorite style of shoes brandy's is absolutely ununbeatable
That's right. They carry human
Hey human. Oh, I wanted to say it. Okay, unbeatable
A gigantic selection just about all the top brands you could ever want rockport floor shine echo new balance
S a s mafista when all the others and brandy's professional shoe fitters always make sure that you have a customized
Fit of that favorite comfort shoe just talk to our good buddy Arnie
He'll make sure you get the perfect fit and always of course at the right price. They'll save you a lot of cash
What's not to like man best prices in town best selection name brand shoes friendly sales holes on your feet inside
And I think you can recognize you by the smotherier tutsis the pros and brandy's really understand fit and comfort and even
Specialized in why specializing wide wits as well
So from anywhere in South Florida brandy's as well worth a trip and you'll find them at 1290 nor federal highway in pomp
Of each where they've been going great for years and years they're open daily Monday through Saturday till 9 every Sunday till 5 and this week is
This to pendus a great time even better than usual to buy rockport shoes at Brandy's visit Brandy's today and take 10 to 20 bucks off
The great rockport selection only this week and only in Brandy shoes top and obi
Not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon
Tonight on celebrity co-oper
It puts the chips
In the broad
How's bracket?
Sure, how much you know you ferry
A little part of all so right right let's play
What are you betting Alan?
6,000. I call you Alan
Because I am
Ranked I don't care who you are you ferry now how much
$6,000
What are you gonna do about it you ferry?
What do you got?
You just cost me six thousand dollars and one kind of
All this expense and excitement you can expect from low budget dumb down television like this viewer here
Oh
God I want to die
Become lucky jello in a chair with celebrity poker on ESVU
103 at 560 WDQ in the mullman coming up at two o'clock this afternoon best regional food in the USA
I don't think they like this pool. I just have a feeling. I don't know why 467 vote
We put it on it right after 11 o'clock
They don't like it
What's enough to like? I don't know. I thought it was one of our my better efforts
I guess because I thought it up instead of Sean or some listen
Should have called or maybe they just don't understand it. Oh, that would be good. How about spaghetti?
How about spaghetti? Oh, is how about Franco American? There you go Jeff Boyard
Right, although I do like shipboy already better than Franco American. Although if you're in the right mood
A can of that nasty Franco-American spaghetti with some Swiss cheese in it. Oh, man
Ah, listen. Have you ever done that? No, but it's just listening to me. It's frightening. Listen to me. I know, but listen
What you do is you open a can you don't take the lid off and you like drain off all that excess water
We tomato sauce. Yeah, yeah
And then you take your skinny out of there and you put it like in a bowl and you take a couple of pieces of Swiss cheese
Good size of pieces of Swiss cheese and stick it in the middle there
And you like stir it up a little bit and you put it in the microwave nuke it for two three minutes
And man, it's like all cheesy crap. It's good. I don't think I could get past the part where you buy it
No, best regional food in the USA. New York pizza. Now while they look at you
They say that's right up your alley. Yeah, New York pizza 90 nobody can press that in New York pizza
It's the water. It's the recipe. It's just something. It's something about it a lot of amateurs, but nobody
It's just the same with a Roman pizza. Look like I said earlier that real thin crust. Oh, mom, mamia
Oh for me if anybody who thinks that they've had real faints. I know that there are a lot of good Italian restaurants, but
Anybody who thinks they've had great Italian food and never been Italy forget about it
You just don't know what you'd be talking about. Oh, there's a candidate session. Please pissed off
New York pizza 90 fillet cheese day 62 tends lost a lot of weight
It looks pretty good there. I think he might be around longer than that color before
fillet cheese day 62 Buffalo chicken wings 37 what are the drop off there strictly between the New York pizza and the fillet cheese steak, okay
Chicago pizza only 35
all for oh
Oh for me
I got to have that tomorrow. Okay, Louisiana Key John you do have one. We will plan. I don't have that
In the New York land. Shout out to 31 Cuban cuisine 24 main lobster 24. How come you got that night on you do have it? I do the 12 to 1 open
Oh in other words, you just just play word it up to it. Yeah. I see seven fried chicken 23 don't kiss it though. Eat it, but don't kiss it
text max 21 Maryland blue crab 14
I'll tell you one thing if I can't eat it. I ain't kissing it
The wingman grider is 11 key West lime pie 10 Carolina barbecue 10
Rochester white hot's nine Chicago hot dogs eight. How do you like that Rochester beats out Chicago so far?
And what's the comparison I mean Rochester's like 350,000 people Chicago's like three million
You see what I'm saying? What do you mean now for Christy?
I'll be a pizza. No, be a BOT. Don't be no pizza for how is it?
It's an actually seven thanks, how is Wisconsin brats six
Which I'm sure I wish now I could get those I could get them to get them to the Broadway star like I have to order from
Omaha stakes got those cheddar worst
I can't find them. I've looked for them, but they don't have me here. Sorry
It is terrible. I'm gonna I'm gonna complain to the prime minister right after the new election to Steven Harper that fascist bastard
jerk pork for jerk chicken for Texas barbecue brisket three Chicago Polish kibasa three
New York water dogs to I don't think anybody even knows what we're talking about or the guys talking about huh. I sure as I'll doubt
No, they're just hot dogs that are cooked and I know his carts like you said outside
Yeah, they like sitting in the water all day. They're boiled. Maybe they call them that there
They're not real. They're not cooked unlike a little they're not
You know because because a lot of places where like here when you go to the carts they they had the grills
They cook all the weird sausages on grills. Oh boiled hot dogs. Yeah. That's why they call water dogs
San Francisco sourdough bread one
New York bagels one
Texas blue bell ice cream's got one from wherever called it and then they're faxed it and should be on earths
It's a brand name I think next to in chorizo and Texas folks sausage none. Oh come on that chorizo. Maybe it's fantastic
Now is that also a Cuban delicacy chorizo? I think all of these Spanish cultures have that in common man
It's one of the very few good things I ever had in Amsterdam in the restaurant was chorizo. Boy, I love that
Hi, when you go to Amsterdam, I don't smoke too much weed because it'll make you very hungry and you'll be in McDonald's a lot or KFC kill or flu chicken
Don't smoke too much sausage either
Yeah, I'm serious because if you're hungry there you're you have problems
Because there's not so many places to satisfy your hunger even satisfy other things but not your hunger
Now is there a place there of my friend was telling me there's a place where they put like burgers in a window and you put like money in and you could just take it out of the window
Oh no he's talking about the automatic
You know you don't want to go there there's one right on new and dyke right behind the a dam rack right in the middle of the tourist
Trapper. Yeah, it's up there. They put it in there. They stab those in the york and I'm sure they still do the automatic
I guess oh
Fui
And you got to nuke those anyway. They're not cooked
You gotta nuke me think they're ready to go. No, I don't think they're ready to go mister. They're like uh, okay
When you go to Amsterdam you eat one of those the nice know-in-ya
I know exactly where he's talking about oh
man
And the good news is that place called good luck
Yep, which is right by Chiquita's sexy place there that the with all the big deal those in the window
Good luck. They still got the same pizzas there today. Remember when I had my apartment a couple years ago
Yeah
Oh, man, I just don't I don't get it. I just absolutely don't get it. They have stuff in the window and then they like they got macaroni in there, you know
With mac or you would cement a sweet of plastic
It's not made of plastic. I've seen them reaching there and grab a slice and put heated up in the oven
in the oven
Boy you if you haven't eaten at the automatic I gotta suggest a for you don't
Wow W.A.C.Y.M. Hello
Hello, Neil
W.A.C.Y.M. Hello
Hello Neil. Yes, sir. I got
California pizza kitchen. They are still exist I believe I think there's one on
Dixie highway or US one up in pop and all what is that
Uh, one of the restaurants here over there
It's all right. They just made pizzas. No, I guess obviously, but uh, they're claiming that they invented barbecue chicken pizza
So barbecued chicken pizza? No, it gets very good now. Is it yeah? I didn't think so the first time I was there
I've seen barbecue chicken pizza all over the world so it's not like I don't believe that number one and number two
It's not a regional specialty
See that they don't get it. They don't wonder why am I why am I taking more calls now? They don't understand
I thought this was a fine poll and it thank thank god
But I put most of the choices on there at least
Goodful buncher been the beginning
You know, I'm saying what he said because I understood the pool because I know what I thought it up
But like a barbecue how about pepperoni pizza? How about pineapple pizza?
How about bread? Yeah, I got one for and it is in the US even though it's a long ways away
How about Polynesian food which you get in Hawaii a lot
And I went with I just talked about that the other day about the chin teaky and Detroit and the mykai and trader fix and all of those places and the and the monoloa
Let's put it out the mykai right there in four-large day, which is a tourist trap. I never less, huh? Right
Polynesian food
Polynesian food right will put it on there. Well, I mean in Hawaii go there and you get like
Kind of authentic polynesia, even though it's not Polynesia. That's a little bit closer to what I'm saying
The mykai is very good. It's just incredibly expensive. I
Don't agree with you. I ate there a few years ago. I did not find it to be very good. I've eaten there many times over the years
Because you don't know real Polynesian food. So you think it's great. That's right
Okay
That would be like it in a tombstone pizza and nuking it in at home and saying boy
This is the best pizza I've ever had if it's the only one you ever had I'd say yeah probably not too bad
All for him
Oh, that's bad
Just like I said read level is never ever let up never just take your foot off the ahead bad
Sydney, Australia for Australian Chris lions resetting a 4400 digit number was as easy as pie
Oh, you said I movie pie where he drove himself in the end of the internet
Lions 36 recited the first 4400 digits of pie a mathical mathematical value that has an infinite number of decimal places without a single error
How do they know at the
2006 mine sport Australia festival on monday organizer David Cordo were said on Tuesday
The memory coach from the southern city of Melbourne. So two and a half hours to complete the feat
Lion said he spent just one week memorizing the digits before we settle in for the judges at the festival
With the right techniques and a bit of practice you can remember whatever you want lion said lion's feed is far from the record high ever
In July a Japanese psychiatric council we said at pie to
83,431 decimal places from memory raking his own personal best of 54,000 digits and setting an official world record media report said
Oh talk about get a life. I respect the guy choice the funerals is a hobby better than that
What I'm saying like that Reverend
Oh brother. Yeah, you got anything plans special for your death
Oh, that's out for audience man. What a bunch of killers. They really got a sense of humor
113 there's dying fine signs you don't look too happy
But a deep better move but a love hey attention men
Not you Diane if you have a hair loss problem if you're currently wearing a hair system you better listen to this
Chuck Alphier is you know has been supplying a designing hair scissors for the showbiz for a personalities
Politicians and more importantly you the everyday guy for over 40 years now
The old copies to save 30 but that copy was 10 years old Troy for over 40 years
Now most people say you can always spot a hair system
But those are the bad ones you can spot you know I'm saying
Like don't don't don't like that. But how many good hair seasons go on notice the whole lot
Charles Alphier is here systems are completely natural designed with just the right amount of hair in the proper recessions
Run your hands through it. It looks and feels just like your own hair and listen to this for just 99 bucks
Charlie will custom design a hair system just for you
You try for a couple of weeks if you're happy with the way it looks and feels it's yours for just an additional 500 bucks
And Charlie is so confident that you'll be satisfied
He offered you this amazing guarantee if you're not completely happy with a hair system
Return it and Charlie will give you back the 99 bucks and it cost you nothing now
There's an offer you can't refuse
So if you want to look better and much much younger than you ever thought you could again
Here's a way to do it give it a try okay like I said you try for a couple of weeks
And if you don't like it get your money back nothing lose but that ugly bald spot
So call Charles Alphier today toll free making appointment as studios in for Lauderdale call 1 800
321 24 13 you'll never believe how much better you can look
1 800 321 24 13 or on the wicked web Charles Alphierry dot com
This is me
Consultant
This old man Dick Jamie
He had an geo plastic had a heart attack had a whack got him a full zone
Next time he's not coming home
Hey
And now another tale from the cell phone of Dick Jamie
Today
Dictiles celebrity biographer kitty Kelly
Hello
Yes, hello
Kelly please
Speaking
I ask you this is Dick Jamie by Spirited United States of America. How are you?
Fine
That's good
That's nice
Is there something I can help you with?
Oh yes yes
It's just that
I've booked it coming out next week is your own
Frankly we
Requestion its credibility and I was wondering if maybe you could wait a couple of months before actually putting it out
I'm sorry my phone is breaking at the
Did you just ask you not to
The block until after the election?
Yes after George Bush gets reelected
Printed only one we won't care then
Why would I want to do that?
Yes
Hello
What?
Oh my
It's your book filly the terrorist win
You're messing with the president of the United States of America
Okay, I'm hanging up now
We know where you live you dumbass
That's right, get your little dog to know too
Goodbye
What's wrong with you?
Hello
Hello
This has been another tale from the cell phone of Dick Cheney
Remember before the 2000 election I had a book
I wish I still had it it was a thin book but it was about Dick Cheney it was all about him
I'm sure I kept it on his passages on the air and reading and reading
Gorders' Health and Baby
See at that time we should know that this is the most evil the most ultra right-wing the most obnoxious hateful
dictatorial jackass and God keeps he is so evil that even God keeps trying to
Smell him down and he can't do it that's right
And anyway maybe Pat Robertson will work on it
In the eyes of Mr. Blackwell, Brittany Spheres will one of the big oops fashion wise in 2005
Oops
Maternity wear or not the pop star and her years worth of fashion foibles top
The veteran starwatchers 46th annual Worst Wrestth Women's List released
Thursday yesterday
Did you see this? No
When it comes to a couture chaos
I want to great phrase that is couture chaos
This tacky terror should take a bowel blackwell bitched
It is typically tortured strangely punctuated couplets
From the princess of pop to the ultimate fashion flop
By the way when I was watching the wheel of fortune that's why I played that bit earlier
I can't look at but they wouldn't show random speed again
Her web feet
Okay, fine. Van we looked up Van on the web
K-Fed's better half has been a regular blackwell target. She's uh
I thought they were divorced. But they're just getting divorced
I don't know she was seven times last year's rundown of these centrally challenged
Sartourally coming at number two on the fashion basher's don't list with Mary Kate Olson
Who was dinged for bag lady rags that looked depressingly decayed forget the accessories and buys them raid
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Aside from a spirit several other repeat offenders are once again distabuy black well including
Regent divorce a Jessica Simpson
It's time to sack the stylist and divorce the designer she resembles a couture Rapunzel
sling and hashen of igas diner
And in a cool smith Herse of pink cord battle proves every fashion dog has their day unless she's mistaken for queen Kong
And Paris Hilton thought I think not
Eva Longoria was the only wisterly in them as in a make a list of undesirable
this year thanks to her garage taste her desperate housewife's cohort
Nicola Cherin who tapped the worst rest list last year managed to escape this
time round. Blackwell apparently took no pity and spared no puns for some of
the years tabloid fixtures fresh off revelations of drug use in a needing
disorder Lindsey Lohan was deemed a fashion fright while single from once more
Renee Zelviger also took a verbal beating Renee runs the gamut from Cupid
Aldrack to red carpet wreck just take your pick back well bleeding Cupid
Aldrack to red carpet wreck she looks like a painted pumpkin on a polo stick
here Raya Carrey's big comeback you didn't go on notice to run remarked upon by
Blackwell fashion's hairy carry strikes again Blackwell equipped the world
applaud your musical emancipation but please leave that body to our imagination
and that one big booby also getting in the thumbs down with Shakira who Blackwell
declared hope was now he's crossed the line yeah you've got two four we like
old Shakira I forgot have to play some of those bits now just to piss him off
well let's be deemed to mean Blackwell again issued his disclaimer that
Zingers only applied to the this is fashion said this is fashion sense not
their careers of personalized y'all tried some nice things to say in addition to
his top 10 fashion disasters he named his rhyme for you fabulous fashion
independence of 2005 Oscar Huffle Reese with a spoon headed list along with
Kirsten Dunst, Scarlett Johansson, K. Moss Natalie Foreman and the Perennial
Nicole Kidman also making the cut where Paris Mama Kathy Hilton designed a
Carolyn Herrera Dion Warwick and Hollywood fundraiser next Henry Mancini wife
Ginny Mancini how about Mr. Mancini? Here's a the top 10 the worst
rest Brittany number one Mary Kittles number two third Jessica Simpson evil
Angoria number four Mariah Carey Cinco Paris Hilton number six and then
Cole Smith number seven Shakira number eight Lindsay Lohan nine and Renee
Zell Winger number ten Zell Winger there you go how do you like that all right
she's used an old she's old now Brittany you know oh yeah well worn at this
point I mean you know in a desperate moment and a rather incoherent moment I
guess you know for some of you guys really desperate fine take a look at those
calls man why don't you tell you about this poll they don't get it they don't
understand what they got nothing for it huh I thought that was pretty
understandable regional food you know like New England clam chowder and
Philly cheese steak and New York pizza and huh regional oh no five six seven
old five sixty pound five sixty and a barrage and singular wireless on they're
probably all glued to those confirmation hearings man they're glued to the
Alito hearings wouldn't you think even what's on on right now oh yeah it's
riveting cure of Phillips is on CNN what is your president strict in comment
but it moved but about yeah later remarks on our rack and of course they were
how do we get out I don't think in history anybody has ever been even in Vietnam
because politically not me Johnson at least didn't run again because he had no
chance and even though that bulls okay I'm running and he knows that it's an
election year and off your election 2006 and the Republicans are psychotic and
foaming at the mouth how do we get out anybody got any ideas no oops WQ
I am hello yes sir hey hi I have one for your poll really yes regional
cuisine Creole how's that different from me or Keijon um Keijon is like
blackened this and that made by the white Louisiana and Creole is the
different it's like pasta bogey and I could say oh watch your language now oh
sorry okay thanks oh geez you cut him off my head my finger on a button or
right now couldn't stop you know how that is you can run it just inertia yeah and
anyway so Creole is good I see the difference you just put Creole on there okay
and so we will now see I'm confused about yeah see I don't know if them in the
islands they Creole what's their story I feel like you're working a channel in oh
now 26 past one just pretend you're just didn't see that at 5.60 Q and we got
the mole man at 2 o'clock coming up baby it's gonna be probably getting
already for the big playoff games this weekend let's see who does Josh
like in Denver in the England definitely Denver finally a TV experience like
no other Comcast digital cable with on demand is easy to use and has lots to
love and today you can try for just 29.99 a month for four months why is TV so
much better with on demand for starters you can watch a wide variety of movies
and shows whenever you want it's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV on
demand is a library of thousands of programs ready to start when you say so
with programming including free movies kids shows music videos cooking shows
sports home improvement shows guitar lessons and just about everything else you'll
always have something good to watch right when you want to watch it and don't
forget about control with on demand you can start stop pause rewind fast forward
programs using that remote control you can't get all this with satellite without
the 250 channels plus on demand you can build your own TV schedule who could
act for more and best of all on demand is free with Comcast digital
cable so pick your show time sit back and you wonder how you ever manage
without it call today order Comcast digital cable and HBO with the power of on
demand for just 29.99 a month for four months call 9.54 Comcast in
Broward or 305 Comcast and date call for details certain restrictions apply 305
Comcast and they tell you in Broward 9.54 Comcast
this is Neil Rogers this is 5.62.8.
Yes
most sports tonight just the ESPN the rethought of
engine wrestling good but even I can make a sport hall show about that
maybe that's still bigger level for me can't I gotta go back there tomorrow
I'll just sit here watching this video movie channel
keep dropping pistachio nuts show my baggy underpants this gets me back to
thinking of the time I was a rabbi must be
what are you doing oh yeah
using
I don'tanch mini
I'm going to kill you!
You're going to kill me!
Please!
Alright, alright, alright!
Oh, look!
The door!
The door!
The door!
The door!
Oh my gosh, the door!
I dropped the door, my nuts!
I'm going to move on the thing, then!
I need to go out there!
Okay!
There it is!
Got it!
Still good for me!
Remember that sound by Mary Hopkins, those were the doys?
Yes I did!
Yeah, the good old doys.
133! Oh, there's your president!
Oh man!
We all need a lot of police training!
We need like rehab!
Both of those elections are over again!
You know somebody I was shaving this morning and somebody got really pissed off at for about 30 seconds
while I was thinking about it?
About 30, man!
Al Gore!
Oh yeah!
When you think back to that scene in Congress, the joint session of Congress, when the black members of the black caucus
are standing up after the fixed 2000 election, and they're calling him Mr. President and they're all up, you know, and he's
gabbling them down and do you have a signature from a senator?
No, we don't, but oh, just to get out of here, you know.
Got list, spineless Democrats.
I mean, the future of the year, country and the whole world more likely, I was at stake and in the meantime, I wow, you know.
A bunch of equivocators and waffles.
At least one in Rulie in 10Kir, Tennessee State Health program, got a surprise.
When she dialed an insurer's toll free helpline, it got a pitch for sex talk.
Bethany Morgan said she used a 1-800 number promoted by John Deere Health and insurer
that administer his 10-Kir benefits to order new prescription cards.
She said a message on the line prompted her to call another number that told her, welcome to an exciting way to go live a 1-on-1
with hot horny girls are waiting not to talk to you.
They got that number there, the story?
No.
I've never encountered anything like this before Morgan told W-A-T-E-T-V, the big eight.
I thought I was going to get insurance cards, not a sex line.
I didn't hear all of it, I hung up. Oh yeah, probably after like what, 10-15 minutes?
Morgan placed another call to make sure she was dialed incorrectly.
I dialed the number again and they gave me, okay, I'm not losing it, it's really a sex line.
Morgan said she had called a same number months ago and she asked systems and had no problems.
Tom Florence spoke to me for John Deere Health released a statement two day that said, the company regrets this mistake
and is taking action to ensure the correct phone number is published in the future.
He said the company had mistakenly printed an incorrect phone number that appeared in our newsletter for 10 care members.
Well at least it will keep their blood flowing maybe.
The phone number was previously a John Deere Health customer service number but then discontinued in December, not updated in the publication.
I told him on the business, obviously a bunch of preverts.
You'll be pleased to know I'm not only in my dress, but even got my shoes on.
Wow. That hurry, are you?
Almost 136.
You don't understand my, I got everything orderly here man, I say.
I'm like an orderly.
Starting at one o'clock with a shirt and a pants and then like about 130.
One, uh...
About 30, man.
Got the shoes on, ready to rush to the door to get out of here on a Wednesday.
What's wrong with that?
Good thing you brought your teeth before the show.
Oh yeah.
Well what am I going to eat?
I did have the bacon though but I got my dent, you know the bad thing about these things, I think these are great.
I forget what the brand name is, these dentists, these little tic-tics.
Are you keeping it?
Are you going to have it?
You can, huh?
It's like what you're calling it.
It's probably good for you but it's like habit for me to keep picking and picking and picking.
Like picking you know is be just keep picking.
I think that if you keep charred on these long after the plastic starts getting in your throat.
You know what I mean?
Well go get a new one.
Change it out frequently.
No no you don't understand.
What do you mean a new one?
You don't even know what I'm talking about.
Yeah I do.
I'm like, you know what I'm talking about.
Huh?
There's like a hundred and a little plastic bites.
Don't go crazy with it.
Well why don't you go get a new one?
What does that mean?
Like when you're like, when the one you're chewed on starts getting ready.
Well it's already it's already ready.
And the thing is the two.
Well listen I'm getting ready for my funeral anyway.
I'll let you play and we'll put.
We'll put the details on our website.
You got to get up for us.
70 QAM hello.
Hello.
Yes.
You want to explain to me what's going on with the Republicans and this nomination for the Supreme Court Justice?
No.
5670560 is called mole fascism is what it's called.
If you like a little you like mole fascism.
WQAM hello.
Hey.
Yes.
Neil?
Yep.
Hey.
Bonomold Turkish Taffy.
Yeah you remember that?
Cayman Vanilla, torque with and strawberry.
That is absolutely correct sir.
And boy it was good.
You used to take it and use to slap it on the table and it would break it up in pieces.
That's right.
That's the way to do it.
Take that baby and slap it on the table.
Lap it on.
That's it.
That's a shameless request.
I haven't heard a long time learning to spell with Arnold Jackson.
You got it, mine.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thank you.
See I told you all us old geese man remember that Turkish Taffy and he's right because the thing was so hard.
You just about break your teeth trying to child it.
The whole thing.
So you had to like smash it on something to break it up and say you can handle the small piece of it.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Hello, Uncle.
This is learning to spell with Don El.
I'll be Don El Jackson and today we're going to spell the word broken.
Spell it with me now.
Broken.
VR OK E-M.
Now let's use it in a sentence.
So I said to the coach I said it's man.
That broken show throw a football.
This is learning to spell with Don El.
I'll be Don El Jackson.
This is learning to spell with Don El.
I'll be Don El Jackson and today we're going to spell the word defend.
Spell it with me now.
Defend.
D-E-L-C-N-F-E.
Now let's use it in a sentence.
I ruined my new high top climbing over defense.
This is learning to spell with Don El.
I'll be Don El Jackson.
This is learning to spell with Don El.
I'll be Don El Jackson and today we're going to spell the word European.
Spell it with me now.
European.
E-U-R-O-P-E-A-N.
That's a big one.
Now this is you that didn't defend.
So I said to the guy I said hey get away from my car European on my time.
This is learning to spell with Don El.
I'll be Don El Jackson.
This is learning to spell with Don El.
I'll be Don El Jackson and today we're going to spell the word hold.
Spell it with me now.
Hold.
E-U-R-E.
Now let's use it in a sentence.
Hey dude, hold the door open for me.
This is learning to spell with Don El.
I'll be Don El Jackson.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q-A-S.
Chip Wellman gave their lives so that you may enjoy the benefits of coal.
Much like the 29 women who died in a factory fire,
so that you may have crank handles for your phone and Victola,
or the two hardworking gents that sold themselves together in a feverish frenzy
to flood the market with spats.
Yes, it's a sharp dress man that wears spats.
Oh, Victoli cranks, recordable tins and cylinders are essential to a comfortable way of modern life.
Best message brought to you by Sura Baker ahead is many life deals.
Oh man, a mine trapped in the 50s.
I'm talking about the 1850s.
I love that score.
Oh yeah.
Oh, there's your president.
It's not the kind of...
Talked about candy bars again?
Taffy.
Earlier?
And so the piece won't be the kind of piece.
There he is.
I'm sure you're very well selected and heavily sedated audience.
Wow.
And then Kentucky somewhere he'd be speaking Kentucky.
What a band you want is new, your president.
Brown University's library.
I hope that the Samolitos people listen to this is a very important story.
The headline says, some of countries' best libraries have books bound in human skin.
Ooh.
And it wouldn't surprise me that Samolito has a few lamps at home where the lampshades are made from human skin.
Anyway, Brown University's library, Boston Anatomy Book, that combines form and function in macabre fashion.
It's covered, tan and polished away smooth golden brown, like fine leather is made of human skin.
From what part?
We'd better think about that.
In fact, a number of the nation's finest libraries, including Harvard, have such books in their collections.
Did you ever hear this before?
No.
Man.
The practice of viding books in human skin was not uncommon in centuries past, even if it wasn't always discussed in polite society.
In polite.
This is a real fly opener.
I never heard this.
Maybe it's for skin.
Right?
If you have to do something with it, if you rub it, it turns into a tome.
At the turns into a cyclopetia.
At the time, the best library is belong to private collectors, some were doctors who had access to skin from amputeated parts, and patients whose bodies had gone unclamed.
In other cases, wealthy bibliophiles acquired skin from executed criminals, medical school cadabras, and people who died in the poor house.
If you've got any books to a fiber by the way, I'll let you know what my funeral arrangement is going to be.
You can smear my ashes on it.
Oh, can I have your skin?
Nowadays, see, I guess I should have saved it.
Jar.
I needed it.
Nowadays, libraries typically keep such volumes in their rare book collections and don't allow them to circulate, but scholars can examine them.
Probably with a stethoscope.
Brown's John Hay Library has three books found in human skin, the 1568 anatomy types by the Belgian surgeon and Dres Veselius, and two 19th century editions of the Dance of Death.
A meat-eval-moreality tale.
One copy of Dance of Death was rebound in 1893 by Joseph Zainsdorf, a master binder in London.
Oh, God, Joyce, I can't do it.
I know.
Just walk away.
A note to his client reports that he didn't have enough skin and had to split it.
I must have heard like hell.
The front cover bound an outer layer of skin is slightly bumpy texture like soft sandpaper.
The spine and back cover made from the inner layer feel like suede.
Oh, man, I bet you Elvis and Carl Perkins would love that.
You know, it's 46 degrees here, but keep in mind there's no such thing as global warming.
No, copy plot.
46.
The Dance of Death is about how death prevails over all richer poor, as with many other skin-bomb items, there was some tie-in with the content of the books that Sam Stryte directed the John Hay Library.
Similarly, many of the volumes are medical books.
The College of Physicians of Philadelphia has some books, bond by Dr. John Stucten Huff, who diagnosed the city's first case of tricky noses.
He used that patient's skin to blab, by and three of the volumes.
Oh, man, for don't read them books, you're going to get tricky noses.
The hypothesis that I was suggesting is that these physicians did this to honor the people of further medical research, said Laura Hartman, a rare book cataloger at the National Library of Medicine in Maryland, and authored a paper on the subject.
In most cases, universities have the libraries acquired the books and donations, there's part of collections that they purchase.
How do you like that?
Well, books, bound, and human skin, the strains, the bizarre stuff that we learn.
I got a great article about diabetes in the trashwood industry, which I'm going to save till tomorrow.
Doesn't mention any, uh, now, if I'm not mistaken, or like, no names, you're only saying what is that?
It's just like generic, I see.
From the Boston Globe, in fact, it'll also be on our website tomorrow.
Very important, New York Times just in there noticed a blob, a LASER, he had, um, he had like a link to it on his blog.
Big story and diabetes, and like, he'd, we've seen emails of the day, and like, he pointed out to me.
It's a great series, but nobody's going to read it.
That's right.
You're going to continue just shoveling all that stuff down your throat, and then when you like, lose the leg, and an eye, and another eye, and, uh, kidney, and your cell G, how come nobody told me about it?
I will say this doctor's, as usual.
Doctors really dropped the ball. You want to know why?
Because there's a lot of money in treating a diabetic.
So, money and good health, and that's right. There's no money in good health. There's a lot of money in bad health.
And so when you have all these afflictions, the kidneys, and the, uh, skin, and the legs, and the infections, and the, uh, all of these, uh,
all of these things.
They're making money handover, limp, or over a fist.
And online publication has alleged that James Fry's bestselling memoir about substance abuse. Did you see this story?
No.
A million little pieces.
Why only exaggerates his past, with him playing the claims about his criminal record, and about his involvement in the accident that killed two high school girls?
Currently, a number one bestseller in Canada.
Fry's memoir became a huge hit after a New Richmond from TV host, O, O, O, for Winfrey.
I meant to say, yes, I did see the story, but I had no idea who that guy is.
Oh, everybody gets a phony book after everybody gets a liver, and everybody gets a steppin.
Everybody gets a phony book.
Police reports, court records, interviews with law enforcement personnel, the sources have put the lie to many key seconds of Fry's book,
a coroner article posted Sunday on Smokinggun.com.
Fry has threatened to sue Smokinggun. His lawyer Martin Singer was not immediately available for comment on Monday.
The book's hardcover publisher, Double Day, and Paperback Publisher, anchor said, a joint statement.
We stand in support of our author, James Fry, on his book, which is Touched Alives of Ziggins.
Come to find out. This guy's got a lot of money. He's got the big bucks and he's about whatever, okay?
They go on you silly women out there with that Oprah fixation, okay? And then past the backgrounds.
I think they get hypnotized by that. So I got a wheel of fortune, the spin symbol hypnotizes you.
You know, just watch the opening of the show and look at the looks on the faces of these women.
Yeah, that's right. You mean the separate wife? Yeah.
One fifty two a two a.m. Who says that Fry did the 13th is unlucky? Not a pompadopark racing in poker.
Come out and get lucky. This Friday the 13th at pompadopark. There'll be free prize drawings just to show you how lucky you can be.
If you win a trip for two, the Alec Capri, our LeCyre resort, or maybe a 20 inch flat screen television with a build-in DVD, VHS player,
or maybe a petting voucher or dinner certificates, you must be 20-winter-old at enter.
Nice copy by the way, Steve Wolf. It's all illiterate, but nevertheless you might get lucky.
And if that's not lucky enough, the first 500 patrons will get a free lucky rabbit's foot keychain.
That's this Friday the 13th at pompadopark. Pompadopark features free admission and free general parking every day.
Live harness racing in the poker room open every Monday, Wednesday, like today, Friday and Saturday.
Poker starts at noon and live racing gets underway at 7.25 at a p.m.
And don't forget every Monday night there's a two for $25 dinner special at the Pompadopark restaurant.
Every Wednesday, like the night is dollar night for draft beer soda hot dogs and lots more at the track.
Pompadopark is also open every day of your life, seven days a night a week for the best in-simal casting.
Harness, throw a bread, highlight action from all across North America, feed a watch and plunge your guts on.
Pompadopark blocks out of the Atlantic Boulevard and Powerline Road for new racing schedule 9-5-4-9-7-2-2000 or just go on the web at pompadopark.com.
Don't forget the poker room is open right now as I speak and live racing 7-25 at a p.m. tonight at Pompadopark.
It's day I, in Miami town, go pick up a good look at 5-6-0 WQA.
Come on, come on!
You think we're going to do a bad radio show?
Now, why is that?
You think it'll happen matter?
I got so much air.
There's trouble in preparing dyes.
You got a man that joked that knows about raided deals, stands from the land of the dyes.
He might find out how bad my show blow.
I have to find something else that won't come out. He's eyes bagged, sportful.
I'll stop living in public now. I'm not a kid you know now.
Kiss my book.
Quick my butt.
Think like I don't get under.
Think like you're my chicken pizza.
And assume a penalistic stance.
There's trouble in preparing dyes.
Think I might find something at the payment.
There's trouble in preparing dyes.
You got a mistext for a whole game.
We thought I'd have to get a look with you now.
You can't even say thank you.
You must have something to have in preparing dyes.
You won't be found out now.
That went fine.
Well, I guess it's the cumulative effect.
When you say, yeah, after the first 4,000 smacks of the face.
It's finding hoi.
Anyway, 157 and all my stir and his whole much of stuff coming up next.
What?
What?
The most regional food in the USA, 622 votes.
I thought this poll was pretty good.
I don't think we'll ever do it again.
I guess no.
I mean, there's no reason to do it again because it's whatever it is it is.
And a pretty good battle there between 1 and 2.
New York pizza, 113.
Of course, there are a lot of people who think they're going to a restaurant
and say New York style pizza like in Florida.
Well, that's fine, but that's not New York pizza.
They just serve it to you and a root to you.
Yeah, they throw it at you.
There you go.
It's New York pizza.
It's from New York.
No, like it too bad.
New York pizza, 113.
Philly cheese steak, 73, which can be a variety of, and they, I know you laugh, but they do.
There's some people like it with cheese whizz.
And there's some people who like it with velvety.
I know.
I know.
Chicago pizza, 45.
Each slice has to weigh about 2 pounds in order to be the authentic thing.
Buffalo chicken wings, 45.
And again, I'll say it one more time.
A lot of people have everybody's had chicken wings, right?
But that doesn't really make them real authentic buffalo chicken wings.
Although I will also give you this warning.
Don't go to Buffalo to find out unless you're a maniac.
May lobster, speaking of maniac, 39.
Louisiana cage on 38.
The England pan, Chowda, 37.
Florida, the England oyster house.
We used to have that in South Florida.
Do you remember that?
Yes.
Oh, man, those were good.
Well, maybe the food was not that great, but the Chowda was the real thing.
Chowda, Emma's Cuban cuisine, 31.
Text, text, text, 20.
It's under the fried chicken, 25.
Hew West lime, a key lime pie, 20.
Maryland Blue Crab, 20.
Cincinnati, Chile, 13.
Wisconsin, Brock's, 12.
Carolina, Barbecue, 12.
Chicago Hot Dogs, 12.
New England, Grinders, 12.
Rochester, White Hots, 10.
Oh, man, with those good.
Don, it bobs.
If Don, it bobs, it's still open.
I'd hop on that ferry.
Oh, don't say it.
Jerk, pork, six.
Jerk chicken, six.
Texas, barbecue, brisket, five.
New York bagels, four.
San Francisco, sourdough bread, three.
Polish Cabassin, Chicago, three.
New York Water Dogs, three.
Creole two.
Texas Blue Balli, scream two.
Mexican Chorizo, two.
Texas Smoke Sausage, one.
And Polynesian food so far has got the big.
Oh, bye, bye, bye.
