On the next Oprah, you'll be shocked. You'll be amazed. You'll be talking about it for the next however long until she shocks you again. Oprah makes your wildest dreams come true.
Today, everyone in the studio audience, all 276 members get a brand new liver.
Everybody gets a liver, and the body gets better.
Then, tomorrow, all 276 studio audience members get a brand new uvula.
Everybody gets a brand new uvula. Everybody gets a brand new uvula.
The next day, all 276 members of the studio audience get a three-foot helper monkey.
Everybody gets a brain-footed helper monkey. Everybody gets a brain-footed helper monkey.
The next day, all 276 audience members get a new prosthetic arm.
Everybody gets a breasted arm. Everybody gets a breasted baby.
Oprah giving away great stuff she didn't have to pay for. Even though she could easily afford to.
And next season, everybody in the studio audience gets a dead man.
Everybody gets a brain-footed helper monkey.
Okay, 10-1, man. I am so tired of that bitch. I just can't stand it.
If I never saw her again, it would be way too soon.
Well, guess what? You're gonna see her again and again.
Oh, I don't wanna see her. You can't help it.
I don't wanna see her in your pop-up toast.
Oh, geez. I thought she was kinda like on your recto myself.
Oh, that would be too low to carry around.
More good news from Iraq, not all of 13 dead in Afghanistan, other suicide bombing attack.
The Taliban, who I thought weren't they supposed to be all done?
They all moped up, done. They got the bomb.
Did we wipe them in? Or the world?
I guess not. They're like all back with the vengeance.
They're growing in my puppies and they're like killing people.
And they've picked up on the suicide bomb thing.
So they're just, you know, they're there.
Did a hell of a job. Heck, I'm a job, Bob Brownie.
In Afghanistan and in Iraq, authorities say two bombs exploded just minutes apart
near a central Baghdad square today killing at least seven people.
And separately in Western Iraq, four more US Marines died in explosions there.
And the number, we're actually approaching that 3,000 number.
Won't that be the number when the public finally gets to all bend out of shape and aid?
Oh, marching in the streets and demonstrating and carrying on screaming and yelling like those people in Pittsburgh to the yesterday?
Won't that be happening? Sure. What?
Yeah. No. Well, no.
American public are passive. They're beaten like like Diana said in network. Remember that?
Mm-hmm.
She said they're shot up and F themselves limp and they're just giving up.
Remember that?
Yep. I mentioned Josh remembers that.
I bet she was even awake for that part of the movie.
No, I think I missed that part.
No.
Oh.
Watched in what is it again?
I love that movie. I just can't think of an input.
Imaginary hero.
Imaginary hero is again last night.
Sigourney Weaver and Emil Hirscher both so good and Jeff Daniels too.
Hello.
I mean, you know, his character is very negative.
He plays him perfectly.
Yeah, very zombie.
Yeah, I'm holding it.
It's just a great movie.
In fact, we have to do that pull some time.
I was thinking about doing that today, but I'm not.
What?
No, no, seriously, movie.
Other than a godfather, which I'm so say, we love the godfather,
but it's so obvious.
It's like a pool today.
I don't even know why I put Hitler on there because we knew he'd win.
Sure.
I should have said other than...
Hitler.
Hitler.
But that's okay because the race today is for a second place.
But what movie could you just watch over and over again?
I never get tired of watching.
You know what I'm saying?
There are gotta be movies like that.
Imaginary hero is for me.
Uh-huh.
I just love that movie.
You don't?
No, that's a very good movie.
I can watch it again.
You would watch it again, though.
Watch the little piece of it, sure.
I did, actually.
Well, there's Jesse Jackson looking there.
Look, what is that?
What kind of hat is that?
Oh, let me change it.
Look at that.
What kind of hat is Jesse wearing that?
It looks like a gangster called a fedora, son.
Get out of here.
Well, don't, uh, gangsters, and they wear fedoras.
Edward G. Robinson, I was the war fedora.
You took it right.
Oh.
Look at that.
There's Jesse with a fedora.
Well.
And then, of course, Oprah was there grandstanding at the funeral.
Yesterday, and they're making her big speech.
And, uh, geez.
Maybe she was also an autograph and copies of that book, you think?
Yeah.
I mean, a little...
What about the rubber band?
A little...
Right.
Anyway, here's our poll from yesterday.
Which of these best describes you?
1584 votes.
Average 411.
Which, I guess, you would think average would be the right answer, right?
Like this call is probably average for us.
Q-A-M.
Hello?
Hey, that's Edna.
Yeah.
Wow.
What about heat?
What about heat?
You know?
No.
For like a good movie, you know, then you can watch a good movie.
Not here.
Which of these best describes you?
Average 411.
Did I say we're doing that today?
No.
But it'll give us something to crawl in about.
In fact, we could formulate that list for another day.
That's a great idea.
Because a lot of them.
What?
We've done that before.
We have?
Maybe not this far ahead.
No.
When you're going to be investigated by both.
When it's like in the middle of May, right?
Not necessarily this year.
Yeah.
But that is a good, I mean, there are all of those kind of movies.
And not necessarily real famous movies.
Like, I mean, imaginary heroes isn't exactly one of the movies.
Although it didn't get like several stars, hundred stars.
Just, I don't know, just something in that.
Really hard to describe it.
It's not all just Emil Hershey.
They're all always sure we'd like to hang out with him.
Average 411.
I have no life 247.
I have no idea.
I know, believe me.
We've talked to many of you and trust me.
The evidence is overwhelming.
Hot stud, 121.
Ha, ha, ha, yeah.
Uh-huh.
Those are people living homes that don't have writers.
And half the Julio is voted for that.
Right.
Oh, yeah.
Well, if you were enough jewelry, man.
That's right.
You're a studly.
Fat slug.
All that bling.
Fat slug.
Just make sure you're bling diving into shots.
Fat slug 93.
Because if you don't got a thing, at least get some bling.
Lazy turd 81.
I'm a fat Jew 74.
Julio 68.
Incredible.
Computer nerd 64.
Narotic 55.
We've talked to all of them.
Redneck 47.
Old troll 43.
Anel.
Brackdom 39.
Racist 38.
Vanilla 32.
Young punk 32.
Closet case 26.
You're fairly.
Chocolate.
Chocolate.
See, I can't say it the way that Ray Nagan says it.
He says it in English, man.
Maybe he could have loathe with O'Proceed.
There goes with that racial thing again.
I don't think he'd have one of them as black.
So it's not a racial thing.
They're chocolate 25.
Wallflower 20.
Hateful bitch 19.
George knows some of you.
Screaming queen 18.
I know some of them.
Angry Muslim 13.
How do you like that?
Oh my god.
Wow.
Oh, we better watch it.
Better not throw in the controversial cartoons.
In fact, remember Jack Waltskin, a godfather,
keeps saying cartoon, cartoon.
He knew he was psychic.
Cartoon.
I just can't get.
Jesse looks just sillier than usual later.
Really?
I'm seeing it.
Yeah, he looks like a chocolate gangster.
Man, maybe he's in charge of the Harlem or something.
I may be bubble put him in charge of all the numbers racket in Harlem.
Mocha 10.
Money grabbing bitch five.
And gothic, celimente trace.
Only three.
Gothic.
Yeah.
Okay.
Whatever you say.
Well, they're on the dark side.
You know, they watch reruns of what that was that show?
Dark shadows.
Okay.
Right.
But Barnaby, Barnaby, so what are the hell is that Barnaby Schwartz?
WDQYM, hello.
Neil.
I can just hear Bill Ross now.
Barnaby Schwartz always gets his man.
Yes.
You forgot one on your pole.
One on what pole, which?
One for Jack.
O.J.
Princeton.
Oh, well, exactly.
Good choice.
Thank you.
And I've been a gut to that yet.
Very good.
Who is the most despicable murderer of all time?
He's right.
O.J.
How can we leave O.J. off?
Out of sight out of mind.
He's probably quite legally.
579 votes.
He's probably coming up with new scams to steal satellite signals and stuff.
He had to make quite on 790.
Oh, is he on there again?
Or is that just one on the hard deal?
No, he made it.
I'll take it one thing.
I think a lot of people like have a one shot deal with O.J.
with him being on the receiving end.
Yeah, that's going to put them over the top.
I mean, you know, when you get down to the bastard and O.J.
and Stu Vazza together, how can we compete with that?
My God.
He's going to slay us.
Hitler 247, which obviously, I mean, you knew he'd win, but the race, the interesting race,
is for a second place and turn and for it.
George W. Bush is a very strong second out, 135, the butcher of Washington, Stalin 45,
the 911 Saudi hijackers, 43.
Now you know what I put, Saudi hijackers, because 15 of them were the Saudis hit us and so we attacked the Taliban.
Didn't do very well and so that we attacked Iraq, the Iraq attack.
Susan Smith 28th had bitch and she's still alive.
Or her neighbors didn't want to put her to death because they were, yeah, right.
Bitch.
God almighty.
Osama bin Laden only 26.
He's small potatoes.
And you remember what Bush would say?
Oh, I don't think about him much anymore.
And all of a sudden, the state of the union, he's like a resurrecting Osama.
Oh, those misrepresentative.
Always good when times get tough, man.
Always bring and schlep out Osama's image once again.
And we all get those audio tapes and the video tapes with I'm in the prime in Al Zawak.
You're a Harry.
Andrew 817, she's in the nut house now.
She ought to be pushing up daisies.
Tim McVeigh, he is pushing up pansies.
He's got 16.
Chuck Manson 8.
The old Charlie Manson.
Todd Pot 7.
George liked it because it had anything with pot.
Ted Bundy 7, Lee Harvey Oswald 5.
He was just a Patsy.
Jack Ruby 2.
James Earl Ray 1.
James Earl Jones don't have any yet.
David Brickowitz, the son of Sam, had won.
Lea Pulled in Loeb 1.
I can't believe anybody.
That's probably Sean because he had it on his pull.
But he sent me this idea.
Remember they committed the perfect crime or they thought they did it anyway.
Who was in that movie?
I think what's his name?
Oh, that guy.
Huh?
I don't know.
Remember that movie?
Nope.
What that was in the movie?
Lea Pulled in Loeb.
Don't know.
I don't know.
Leab.
Dean Stockwell was in that movie.
No relation to John Stockwell.
OJ Simpson just went on.
Gary Gilmore don't have any in the Sir Hanser Hand.
Don't have any out of 602.
Do you think these people even know who to hell Sir Hanser Hand is?
Another Patsy, by the way, right?
He was hypnotized.
Just asked Dorothy Krakow and she'd tell you.
What?
No, he was.
Yeah, yeah.
Let me ask you something.
How can there all embolets in the pantry there in the LA in the hotel?
What is that?
More than the gun health.
Where did they come from?
Like, was it magnetic?
Oh, no.
I'm not saying.
I'm not doubting that there was more than one person involved, but the whole hit knows that.
No, he didn't have them.
Give me a break.
You don't.
I don't know for nothing.
Are you picking on the A-Rabs again?
Well, you know, I'm going to tell you we already got 13 angry Muslims out there.
They're going to come and pick your ass.
They're going to, you're going to meet those seven virgins real quick, which I'm sure in your case probably be a blessing.
12 minutes after 10 at 5.
60.
So that's the, yeah, let's, let's build like a whole bunch of different polls today.
I don't know.
I don't know.
And what was that other one I had?
What radio showed you?
Listen to it in the morning before 10th.
The reason I'm doing that is because now we got Howard's on serious and then Howard the pirate people listening on pirate online.
See what I'm saying?
Very much unlike the last time we did that.
And then of course there's Hank, who's on sometimes.
Hey, when it comes to mattresses, there are a lot of gimmicks.
The latest are sleep numbers.
Otherwise known as air mattresses.
Full of hot air.
They're warrantied for only two years.
They squeak, they pop.
Just like that, they can lose their setting during the night.
And they cost you an arm and four legs.
If you really want a high quality brand name mattress that'll last you for years and years and call our good friends a dial a mattress, just call 1-800-MATRUS.
When you call 1-800-MATRUS, you'll get no run-around, no showroom shenanigans, just factory direct prices on the best brands that you know and trust.
When you call 1-800-MATRUS, you'll choose from Florida's largest inventory of Celi, CERDA, Kingcoil, Simmons, Tempropédic, and even Stearns and T-R-E-MATRUS.
The latest are already for same day.
Delivery at prices lower than so-called big name chains doors, even during their phony big sales.
So call 1-800-MATRUS.
You can have the bid you want delivered the very date and time you want in the two-hour delivery window when it's convenient for you, like noon to two, 1-3-2-4, etc.
So many of us at QMR satisfy our customers and I will guarantee you, I'll bet you fat boys life on it, you will be too.
Call them today, 1-800-MATRUS, or log on right now to their website, mattress.com.
The easiest, simplest piece of shopping is a piece of cake without the carbs.
Call 1-800-MATRUS.
Leave off the last half because it stands for STUPENDIS SAVINGS.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5-60-Q-A-L.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby. Only in Miami.
From the maker's report back, Matt, it comes an epic tale of forbidden love on the other side of the valley.
In Rainbow Reservation.
Why you cry, fly, dove?
For flaming brown eyes, I fear you and your friends more than friends.
I fear you, baby.
Lovers!
Never.
Rising long-horned Ben Friends since childhood.
It's how you look at me.
How you look at you.
The purple feather, broken snuff, the TV decoration, and those long-trip over-mounted...
...spurious, de-prayery like never before, as two Indian friends from rival tribes, the Jack-A-Guy and Lock-A-Jaw Tri.
Spend nights alone in the wilderness.
In a TV, eliminated by the flickering campfire and serenaded by the sounds of nature.
Oh, long-horned, oh brown eyes!
Oh, good grief.
I can't milk for you.
Movie critic, rest-read, raise.
Who is that, Jave? Who is your cape?
Rainbow Reservation.
Coming soon to a theater near you.
Take a few, if you could, fires at three more or churches in Western Alabama.
I think maybe some angry ragheads done it, don't you?
Yeah, let's say it's that.
Well, you know, the interesting part of that, and I'll get to that in a minute,
because they're just going to be an achievement about that in the various parts of the world,
including now Afghanistan.
But it was like a small newspaper.
It was like a major Danish newspaper, like a small, like the weekly reader or something.
Nobody ever heard of it before.
Yeah, like the flyer.
Right, kind of like that.
At any rate, oh Diana Crash caused by laser beam.
Here's some more fantastic stuff.
Listen to me, I love this story.
Just calm down.
Well, the guy hypnotized who was the fire in the laser beam.
Yeah, it was a sure hand.
Sure, sure, sure.
Sure hand.
It was all sure hand.
The crash that killed Diana, princes of Wales and her lover Doty Foyad.
See, here's some more ragheads involved in this.
It was caused by a laser beam being flashed in the eyes of their driver.
It's been claimed.
It's been claimed that the Virgin Mary's on a Toteinus pizza and the Rosa Lopez house too.
and a lot of people are showing up to see it.
New witnesses, in fact, what is it?
It's the seventh, don't forget a week from yesterday.
Next Monday is the 13th Goat of Rose House in Hollywood
and see the Virgin Mary on a grilled cheese sandwich.
Just for variety, you don't want to get stale.
I say, let's see, what is this?
We got 16 different poles going on.
Now this waxes the gay guy who ate all of it.
No, and Michigan there would say he's talking about Jeffy Dahmer.
Yeah, he's got it on it.
Oh, I see.
Jeffy Dahmer, and then what about what's his name?
The, uh, in Illinois.
What's his name?
How could I not remember?
John Wayne Gacy.
Oh, yeah, the clowns, everyone loves the clown.
Everybody loves the clown.
That's what Gary Lewis says when he was still speaking.
And I got news for you.
If your father was here, we lose you'd quit talking to.
I know.
But it gave me, you'd claim up.
Lady, yeah.
Anyway, new witnesses of total British detectives leading a fresh out.
We're getting these on there, by the way, then.
Yeah.
Or we're just talking.
Yes.
Leading a fresh inquiry to the fatal August 97 accident they saw a motorcyclist
point the laser into the eyes of the chauffeur on recall who was a little.
52 causing the Mercedes to crash inside the Palm de la la whatever tunnel in Paris.
One witness said he saw an enormous radar like flash of light.
Report, UK newspaper that Ali expressed.
The new evidence supports the arrest of Diana Alphayed and Paul were assassinated by the British
Secret Service on behalf of the UK world family who are a bunch of Nazis anyway.
So I should have surprised anybody the Nazis like to kill people.
The laser plot came to light as French medics from the hospital where the princess died claims
she was pregnant at the time of the crash.
Conspiracy theorist and cis Diana and her lover were killed to avoid the royal family's embarrassment having a child by a Muslim.
Alphayet's father, Tycoon, Mohamed Alphayet has always maintained the crash was not an accident.
The investigation is being led by former Metropolitan Police Commissioner Lord Stevens.
Yadi, Yadi, Yadi is expected to lie to the next year.
What are you going?
What the fact you had died?
I have no idea in this country.
Well, in your country here is here they are still like, you know, they can't cut the umbilical cord.
They still got the queen on the $20 bill and they still got the, oh God.
I forget what they call her.
They got some bitch that's like the representative of the queen who got like a some figurehead title.
I can't think of what they call her here.
I call her just a silly as bitch.
Manacuse, this is just a little update on yesterday before we get to fill up these other 15 polls.
I think I'm on a something day. This is good.
And then when Elise expected, then we didn't spring one of them polls on our website.
See, yeah.
Manacused in car lot fire resigns from North Miami Beach job.
Well, I guess that was the right thing to do.
Sure.
Gerald Giorgetis accused of torching an North Miami Day dealership Saturday because of a dispute over a new car he had purchased.
Resigned yesterday from his job with the city of North Miami Beach.
Giorgetis 56 had managed to book the accident of the city's jewels lit in performing our speed for the last four years.
North Miami Beach Mayor Raymond Merrin said Giorgetis handed in his resignation yesterday morning.
On Saturday, Giorgetis walked in the metro forward at 900 northwest 7th Avenue.
Upset over the deal he had made for a new Ford escape he was told he couldn't change it.
Giorgetis then got into the car and topped the new car through the showroom glass.
Now sit with a flammable liquid and set it on fire.
Damaging the dealership in as many as a dozen more cars on display.
Giorgetis was arrested and charged with first to be arson criminal misstiff and released on $15.00.
And the city of North Miami Beach said goodbye and said okay.
Good idea.
Oh, give him more time to go and take out.
He needs to take those anger management classes.
Right?
Absolutely.
Right now.
I mean, did you say, what's going on?
Now do we get the John Wayne Gacy and Jeffrey Dahmer?
How is so easy to forget there's so many.
What about what the Richard's spec?
What about it?
Not spec spec.
But do you remember he was called all those nurses in Chicago?
Right.
Something about Illinois and then when Wisconsin at whole, that whole area.
I don't know how to know.
I don't know if you forgot.
Remember we saw the video of him in prison years later.
He had grown some boobs and he was doing cocaine off of black men's thighs.
Really?
Yeah.
Or that he'd spec?
That's him.
I'll be damned.
He took hormones while he was in prison to grow some boobs.
Yeah.
And it only worked.
Yeah, it probably made him pretty popular in there.
I would imagine.
649 votes.
I already did that pool thing.
So let's see.
Can we, you know, we also got the one for tomorrow.
This is great.
Man, we just fell into a bucket of stuff.
You know what?
So in other words, if the first five polls don't appear to you, then certainly one of the polls will do it.
Where he goes when those stupid polls again, that's all he'd I have right.
Too bad.
You love it.
All these belly achres.
Oh, gee, not another.
Now he's doing like six in a time.
I wouldn't mind doing six in a time when he came right down to it.
X-President Carter says, he's dropping illegal.
Even though, of course, yesterday we had the Irving, Lachez Jr. of Alberto Vio.
Five Gonzalez Schwartz lying to his teeth.
I like the fact that you'll buy him, basically, call him a liar.
That was good.
Nice going, Joe.
Actually, I heard that clip this morning.
Yeah.
Every once in a while, Joe butchers up a little bit.
Then he reverts back to being the worst again.
But he called him basically a liar, which we need a lot more of that.
We need to know, there's too much bad crap going on right now.
And it's about time that Americans in the Congress started acting a lot more like the Canadian and British parliaments.
You know what it starts screaming at each other?
You heard, I played some clips from the House of Commons.
That's great.
It's pretty common.
And they're fangin' on the desk.
They're screaming.
You can barely hear the speaker.
The British, especially, would have to like all shouting each other down.
It's great.
And the occasional brawl wouldn't be bad.
Maybe John McCain and Barack Obama are going to get into it.
Now that they were exchanging hostile glances and letters.
Former President Jimmy Carter criticized the Bush administration's domestic eavesdropping program yesterday
and said he believes the president has broken the law,
just like his brother broke it when he was peeing on the side of buildings.
Remember that?
He's too much Billy Beer.
I don't think it was legal.
Sure it is.
Under the Bush administration, there's been a disgraceful and illegal decision, Jimmy,
said we're not going to let the judges of the Congress or anyone else know that we're spying on the American people,
Carter, to reporters.
And no one knows how many Americans have had their privacy violent under the secret act.
How many million?
About 30 million.
We just got the answer right there.
And they may be spying on you right now.
They may be monitoring your calls to your book, to your whorehouse, whatever it might be.
Carter made the remarks at a union hall near Las Vegas,
where his oldest son, Jack Carter, announced his candidacy for the U.S. Senate.
The former president also rebuked Attorney General Alberto Vio5 Gonzalez for telling Congress
that the spying program is authorized under article 2 of the Constitution
and doesn't violate the 78 foreign intelligence surveillance act pastoring Carter's arraying.
Gonzalez made the assertions and testimony before the Senate judiciary committee.
It's a ridiculous argument, not only bad, it's ridiculous, said Jimmy,
and a person in his position can't afford to be made to look ridiculous.
Obviously, the Attorney General has said it's all right to torture prisoners and so forth.
He's going to support the person to put him into orifice,
but he's a very partisan attorney general.
There's no doubt that he would say that, Carter said.
I hope eventually the case will go to the Supreme Court.
I have no doubt that when it's over, the Supreme Court ruled that voices violated the law,
even with the Nazis they got on there now.
The former president said he would testify before the Judiciary Committee have asked,
if my voice is important to the point of the intent of the law that was passed when I was president,
I know all about that because it was one of the most important decisions I had to make.
Those move on.org spots are great.
Have you seen when you got Nixon and Bush more forget about each other?
No.
They're running them all over the place and they're great.
Then of course they had once here, why can't Kira Phillips mend it?
There's another one. She needs to be taken out.
Kira Phillips, Dana Bash, Wolf Blitzkrieg, Lou Dodds, they got a whole lineup of Nazis,
card-carrying, full-fledged Nazis, they're running, certainly Nazi news network.
Man, and she's on there and they played the clip and then she's critiquing well,
but I mean, it would be an all of a sudden crap.
And like I told you, there's Dick Durbin the other day, well, I wouldn't,
I think it's an inappropriate comparing him to Richard Nixon.
Why the hell is that? Maybe how about to Adolf Hitler?
How about like Morphine, him back and forth with Hitler would be better.
With or without the must-have.
All right.
Let's see, murderers for the list. Jim Jones, the cool-aid man, I tell you, Richard Spectin,
I just say that very good, Riley.
This is Riley who's been way for a little bit, but came back with a vent.
Kind of like Rick Riley, he's been away for a long time and people are saying, well,
what do we feel so good?
Although, Fair Value was, uh, so, Fair Value wanted to down on whatever it was.
Jim Jones, the Menenda's brothers, Eric and there was the other one.
And Lyle, over a good.
Lyle, he was kind of Lyle, I love it because he did love it.
Are you brightening these down or not?
Yeah, we're getting the Richard Ramirez, the Night Stalker,
although we did like that show a lot the Night Stalker.
What that was the guy who was on that show, you'll never think of it.
Derrame Gabbon!
Huh?
Derrame Gabbon!
Oh, Derrame Gabbon, very good.
Boy, that's shocking.
I was walking the facts over to Josh so that he wouldn't have to worry about it.
John Wayne Gacy, the killer clown, everybody loves the clown and he loved Alan Yolanda.
The ones who were like hanging out under his house for a few.
He liked to eat them too.
The BTK killer, Dennis Raider, we'll put him on here, but I still say, you know,
we know the Oakland Raiders, we don't know too much about the BTK killer except,
well, we know where they make that sandwich.
It's God Peterson, but he didn't, I don't think so, huh?
No.
I mean, how do you compare somebody like that who would kind of convicted a killing one person
for all these other mass murderers?
I'm sorry, you know, two people, you're not, you're not in that fetus.
No.
And Richard Speck.
A lot of murderers out there, a lot of killing, the killing feels, a lot of people killing.
Although Bush seems to be in a very solid spot there and second way ahead of Stalin.
Stalin even would kill millions of people.
He was small potatoes.
Because we expected him to, you know, because he was a county pincol bad guy.
Bush was this compassionate conservative Yahoo from Texas.
Who's going to bring decency back in?
In the meantime, he's like a dictator now.
He's just making it up as he goes along and all these people are dying for more American soldiers today.
And no end in sight, they got chaos and bloodshed violence.
And even Christiana Mampur was another shield for the government, for the Pope,
for anybody she can shield for.
Even she said, it's madness over there.
It's chaos and the thing is a nightmare is what she said.
How do you like that?
Adult?
I'll tell you what you will like in that's terrorist-day chaos.
Whether or not you live near downtown Fort Lauderdale, it's worth those if and on over there.
Because terrorist-day-con-labsor house is sensational.
We're talking about not just some kind of a dive, but a really fantastic restaurant on the 17th Street Causeway.
You'll find terrorists.
She's there almost every any given night greeting guests that are new.
200 seat restaurant lounge.
Probably bringing East Coast residents to the same fantastic, unique terror dining experience
that earned her Marco Island restaurant near perfect marks in his against her way.
And a wine spectator award of excellence, wine list, now boasting over 380 selections
from the world's greatest wine regions.
The main attraction, though, is you'd expect that terrorist-day-con-labsor house is just what it tells.
Just stake in lobster.
Juicy, delicious, they do a fine job with a lot of other things.
Two-luck there.
Konyak, confused lobster, bisque.
The mom's classic crab cakes.
A great selection of fresh seafood and chops.
A lot of people refer to terraces.
The Peter Luger of the South, that's just how good it is.
Saucin and dressings are made fresh in-house every day.
And hand-selected dry-age short loins are used to prepare their signature porterhouse for 1, 2, 3, and 4.
Served cut away from the bone on a sizzling platter at melts in your mouth.
Sweet and tender is the only way to describe terrorist-day-six found made lobster collection.
They're prepared anyway like a machine, broth, stuff, or lump crab meat or for the, with a filet for the ultimate surf and turf.
And having stone crab season, terrorists quickly becoming these stone crab-house two.
You don't have to fight the traffic and date counter to get those jumbo-as-sweeties.
Make sure to reserve them advanced because they go really fast.
Don't miss terraces. Happy hour every Monday through Friday, 2 for 1 specialty drinks.
Or their complimentary wine tasting or beef Thursday, 530 to 730 when you stick around for dinner.
It's a fantastic place you're going to love it.
Terror steak and lobster house, 1430 southeast, 17th street cause wind for a lottery deal for reservations called 954-765-6202.
954-765-6202 or check them out on the website, terracetakeandlobsterhouse.com.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 516 QA.
Average Joe.
Signing on a crumple show.
Got a jug up on my toe. And have these guys.
Let me in your favorite place.
I have read an operator.
On today I've ordered extra cherry ice for that day.
Get them fitted for my wings.
And you have to learn to sing.
Pour the heart from every chain.
And now runs guys.
Speaking of Heaven's Gate, who was that one?
Everybody like sliced off their privates?
I beg your pardon.
Oh go.
Oh that's right.
Was that his name?
That was his fake name.
His real name was, I don't know.
Was it Bill Smith or something?
Bill Smith.
I don't know.
Boy, I still have in like him a lot on the ear.
I thought he was terminal.
Doe.
No wonder he was a killing people.
John Mahamad, the DC Snackresser, the piece says.
And in fact, let's get him on the right away.
John Mahamad.
Although, I don't know if we want to be picking on something I call Mahamad now.
You know.
We don't want to be ragging on Mahamad.
Is that like Macat and Macat on Jesus?
Ragging on Mahamad.
Okay.
516, and I'll see.
Here's the pull we're going to be doing tomorrow.
Oh, I think I'm getting sadistic in my old age.
In your old age?
Yeah.
Well, I'm tired of being a massacre, so I'm kind of like turning it around.
Marshall Apple White.
Yeah.
But we never, who would have ever thought of that?
Not me.
Right?
Not any of us.
I bet you John.
John's probably new with them.
We are from every escape.
Tilt away the silvers, we are black.
Tilt off your nuts.
And the rain's towards toe with that pulsar.
There you go.
I can't say cut off your nuts though.
Which of today's pop singers or groups is the worst?
We did this quite a while ago, a long time ago.
In fact, I'm sure how long ago was it when the Backstreet boys
and then stink all them boy bands in this, these child, that crap.
Which of today's one of them?
Well, we don't know too many of today's singers or groups because we're not
hip-hop.
I know.
The top 40, not that power 96 stuff.
Although we could get a consultant from over there to, you know, Keith White,
a loop.
A consultant?
I'm winking when I'm saying that.
I see.
I don't know that we have a power 96 consultant.
You call that a consultant?
I thought he claimed his desk out and took all the pictures off the wall.
But Josh was telling me the other day.
By the way, just so you know, we have two power 96 consultants.
We got a 10 last count, right?
Some of the guy with the ponytail, I don't know his name.
Well, that's three then because they're also Greg.
Right?
We got three consultants over there and they still can't find an audience at any rate.
Which of today's pop singers or groups is the worst?
We got from the originalist Puff Daddy, M&M, Gloria Stefan, Brittany Spears,
Ricky Martin, who's the latest hit Golden Showers, is zooming to the top.
Mariah Carey, Jennifer Lopez, old JLo, and Rick A. Glacias, which I take personal
upfront to that.
Mark A.
I don't know that you wouldn't see us out of a paper sack.
Madonna, Christina Aguilar, Jamie Foss, we've added, Mary J. Blige, Kelly Clarkson.
I mean, in fact, the Kelly Clarkson's got a song on the top on Billboard Top 100.
And Ashley Simpson, who's also in the top 30.
And Buster Rhymes.
The reason we're putting Buster Rhymes is because it's a good time.
Because his bling manager, I thought it was shot and killed the other day, Buster Rhymes.
And I have no idea if I ever heard of something about Buster Rhymes or if I've seen any of the videos.
Because quite frankly, I don't want to sound like, you know, Buster Rhymes is just fine.
Is he really?
Yeah.
Well, we put him on there anyway.
Robert Blake Foss for bankruptcy.
Boy, it's just like OG all over again.
Only in this case, the bitch had a coming.
That's the only difference I see.
Right?
Right?
Because we all believe that they both done it.
But in this case, you know, Bobby Blake got off.
We say, I'll ride.
You go, Bobby.
All right.
Robert Blake has filed for bankruptcy two and a half months after a civil court jury found he intentionally caused his wife's death and awarded her children 30 million.
But 30 million damages.
She ain't got to get 30 cents.
Blake was acquitted and marched and criminal court of murdering Bonnie Lee Bayclay.
And like we said, she had to come a nice trailer, by the way, Bonnie.
And Friday's filing, he listed his big, I tell you, Sigourney Weaver, we're so good in that movie.
That's what he was.
It was scary.
And see, he was lucky.
Because he had a real cool mom who was, you know, again, living a little bit in the past in the 60s.
But that was better than the alternative.
Being like daddy who wasn't living at all.
Who was like Gary, you know, well, the wife was an adulteress.
What do you want?
Had to raise somebody else.
Like I said, she was living in the 60s again.
Got to raise somebody else's.
Look at it for the good stuff.
Well, she wasn't just that poxy who was looking for.
She was looking for the good stuff.
Obviously he wasn't that a good man.
He wasn't even given the bad stuff.
It's a good movie.
In the Friday's filing, he listed his biggest liabilities.
That's Bobby Blake as the $30 million judgment.
A federal tax bill of 1.2 million and a $334,000 state tax assessment, California.
The filing says he has assets of $101,500,000.
Well, that's not good math.
Blake's civil attorney said he believes the former tough guy actor is broke.
Otherwise, I wouldn't have written off 200 grand in fees, he said.
The attorney said he can't because he will fees a 250 grand plus cost.
The former broadest star's bankruptcy filing indicates he owes the attorney a grand.
But Eric Dubin, the attorney represented Blake,
the family of the civil trial, questioned whether Blake is financially destitute.
The concept of robber Blake doing everything he had to avoid paying was highly anticipated Dubin said and we're ready for it.
He said Blake's soul, two homes in recent years, he declined to say what he thinks Blake is worth.
But said the actor spread his assets around the numerous corporations.
He spread it around, you know, kind of like what's your name?
We use the spread it around.
Bonnie Lee, she's spread it around too.
Private investigators scout Ross Welp with Blake's criminal offensive, Blake lives off his pension.
He's just a retired investor living out of pension.
He can't even afford that cockatoo no more.
So let's see, we got the poll on the murderers, we got singers who are just killing us.
We got movies that you can watch the Zidian Times like Heat and Imaginary Heroes.
You think they were serious about Heat?
Yeah, a lot of people want you to see that movie. Go ahead.
They want me to see it?
Oh, no, I owe it.
I owe it.
You hate a VHS.
No, it's fine, but it's not to your style. It's a shoot them up.
Oh, well, nothing wrong with shoot them up.
It's just not whatever.
I'll send you to VHS if you want.
In fact, they're working for a dream. That was a shoot they were shooting up.
Yeah.
No, you mentioned it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8.
Yeah. Well, it's kind of asked if he asked me.
Town 5, 6, the only Verizon singer, Wakerless Line.
Now, let's see, I keep proud to remember because it doesn't make any difference
because Josh just tasted the movie. It's so marginal anyway.
Now, did you see Requiem for a Dream?
It was a great movie.
Oh, thank God.
Boy, if you did knock that movie, Georgia would have come flying through that window
and just kicked your ass.
Listen, I don't know what it has to be.
Somebody to do that.
Josh has taken fighting lessons, so I would have to hire somebody to do that.
You're taking karate lessons?
Fighting. I didn't say karate.
What do you mean fighting lessons? What is that?
What is fighting lessons?
You know, fighting when people hit each other in the face with their fists and whatnot.
But I never heard of that expression before.
Fighting lessons?
It's like the whole shabang you learn all different things.
But by the way, I don't watch, you know, I got good taste in movies.
But now that you don't have to face the music anymore,
whether you have to do that or chew a little bit late,
for what?
Right, you're right.
I should have said that.
Just in case Mo comes back and makes Josh.
I'll be ready to face him.
I'll be ready to face him.
I'll give him a karate chop and he'll be old.
A rectum hairpiece.
A chop.
Yeah.
All for him.
He's speaking of bad hair pieces.
If you guys have a hair loss problem if you're currently wearing a hair system,
you must listen to this right now.
Charles Alfieur has been supplying and designing hair systems for showbiz people,
politicians, big shots, and little shots every day guys like you for over 40 years now,
40 years.
Now most people say you can always spot a hair system.
The answer to that is the good ones you'll never spot.
The bad ones forget about those.
The muskrat sliding down the side of your head.
Who was the guy we saw in TV that one day and it looked like the thing was flopping off the side of his head,
remember that?
Jack Horkheimer.
Oh, Miss Horkheimer, that's right.
Very good memory.
Miss Horkheimer, she had a rama's grads looking down the side of her head.
Charles Alfieur, a hair system, is our complete natural design.
We just have a right amount of hair and they proper recessions.
Run your hands through it.
It looks and feels just like you own a real hair.
And listen to this deal.
For just 99 bucks, Charles Alfieur will custom design a hair system for you.
All you have to do is try for a couple of weeks.
If you're happy with the way it looks and feels and smells, if people are applying and clawing
that to all over the places, yours for just an initial 500 bucks, that's it.
And Charlie is so confident that he will be satisfied.
He offers you the following unbeatable guarantee.
If you're not completely happy with your hair system, just return it.
Just throw it at him and say, here's your hair back, Charlie.
And he'll give you back the 99 bucks.
That's an offer you can't refuse.
So you have nothing at all to lose except an ugly, shiny, bald spot that makes you look like an old geek.
Call Charlie a day toll-free, make an appointment.
His office is in for Lauderdale.
And he'll sit your ass down and show you actually how much better and younger he can make you look.
There's nothing like it.
So forget about the dangerous pills.
Those awful looking muskrats call today toll-free 1-800-321-2413 and look like a mentioned one-800-321-2413 around the wicked web Charles Alphiere.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516-2-8.
Neil God, oh!
Where the bag is to friend.
Hey, don't, hey, don't ride like gum and I want the bone.
Chocolate pudding, but got pills.
Oh, I like gum and we want the bone.
Suicide month, it can kill.
I like gum and we want the bone.
Hey, Mr. Coral, tell me you have the body.
Oh, I like gum and we want the bone.
He said, hey, Mr. Coral, tell me you have the body.
I like gum and we want the bone.
Six months after the month, eight months a day.
I like gum and we want the bone.
Six months after the month, eight months a day.
I like gum and we want the bone.
Hey, Mr. Coral, take this man.
I like them and they want to go home.
Hey!
Me, sir, hey, me, sir, hey, me, sir.
I like them and they want to go.
A beautiful bunch of purple shouts.
I like them and they want to go home.
See, that's the risk in the clouds.
I like them and they want to go home.
Sixth man, seventh man, eightth man, sir.
I like them and they want to go home.
Sixth man, seventh man, eightth man, sir.
I like them and they want to go home.
Hey! Me, sir, hey, me, sir, hey, me, sir.
Right, light on, man, I want to go home.
I think he was just hypnotized.
Now, what that was his name?
Because I noticed he's the one conspicuously missing from our pool today.
Go? Go. Marshall Apple White.
I don't see him on there.
Oh, maybe you. Marshall Apple White.
And in parentheses, you put go.
Or just home or Simpson.
I was reading that when I looked it up to find his name,
there was this whole big thing on it apparently.
He was another closet case.
No, that issue.
Maybe that's what he was.
So involved with everybody's like privates.
Some people are concerned with sergeants in general.
He was concerned more like with privates.
So there you go.
He'll go on to eventually as soon as the Josh gets around to it.
No food yet today though.
That's probably why he's a little off his feet.
That's a good point, which should get something.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
So let's see, we got the mass murders.
We got bad singers who are killing us with their awful attempts to sing.
We got the movies that you could watch as Igan times.
And what radio show do you listen to with the morning before 10?
All right.
Well, you talk about keeping them off balance.
Right? Absolutely.
So you can be a slip with him for any of those.
In fact, I think by the middle of the slide,
time goes for my summer schedule.
I have like a poll's all set up for the next three years.
That's a good idea.
Talk about being an optimist.
Find a way to welcome our new sales manager to QYM.
His name is Chris Jones.
Sounds like a real boy.
I mean, Chris Jones, who has worked with Joe Bell for 20 years now.
And he's coming to us from Raleigh, North Carolina,
from Ad Street, and Raleigh, they make fun of the people that live where our property is.
Wow. He was a station manager for Clear Channel Raleigh.
Oh boy.
Here's a guy coming from Team Channel. He's probably a spy.
But anyway, he's good buddies with Joe Bell.
And he's certainly a human, even though he's not even here yet.
At least not full time, a big improvement over what he's, well,
we don't want to go into that.
Do we?
Like I said, he's a big,
company QYM. Hello.
Hi there.
Yes sir.
Just, just most of California.
I love this.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Likely story, huh?
Go back.
Reverend death.
Company QYM. Hello.
QYM.
I told you.
Hello.
Oh, I like that.
Man, that was good. Let's get that line.
Let's keep that line hooked up all day.
5, 6, 7, we got 15 different polls going on here.
We still got no calls.
This is just like yesterday all over again.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Tom 5, 60 in the Verizon singular wireless lines.
I don't think we're going to make it to that march first at 30th anniversary.
I think we're out of business now.
I think we like shut our bolt, if I can say that.
Like the lightning.
We shut our bolts.
Thanks for waiting.
With that big pull and we just exhausted all the energy from this massive audience.
And they gave it that one last run and it was it.
That was the end.
WQA and echo line. Hello.
I ain't neil.
Yes, sir.
Are you door.
Okay.
I got some good news about all day.
It wasn't all day.
You okay, great.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I thought this was going over like a halivine man hat and you know what?
Not happening.
Boy, oh boy.
There must be something going on.
You know what I'm telling you about.
Like is the transfer directly in the on position where we're conserving energy.
So we're going to do that.
Nobody is a senator being in the contrarian.
WQA and hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yep.
First day going.
Okay.
Alrighty.
I just want to ask one thing about that.
Super bowl.
Yeah, okay.
Well, go ahead.
That's somebody that cares about it.
5, 6, 7, we're setting.
We have 15 different pulls.
Now we can't get a selection for any of them.
That's good.
I'll tell you.
Let's come up with about 20 or 30 more.
Okay.
All right.
And just by accident, whatever they say, there will be a slot for it.
I want one of them.
What do you hate me?
What up?
WQA, M-L-O.
I'm Neil Charlene from the back.
Oh, I Charlene.
Great.
WQA, M-L-O.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
My movie you can watch over and over again.
I'm being serious, too.
It's released in 39 of landmark here for films.
The Wizard of Oz.
Wizard of Oz you can watch over and over again?
Absolutely.
I don't want to go to Kansas.
Absolutely.
Okay, that's Wizard of Oz.
I guess that tells us a lot about him.
In other words, I have no life.
Wow.
Would you ever want to consider watching that again?
I'm not just seeing it like 20 times already.
I think I'm done.
But I'm just saying, would you ever consider watching it again?
I mean, can you ever imagine you're like, you would have children.
No, I'm talking about you.
Forget about children.
Oh, I got my own watch.
I'm like, what's on your mind?
When you select that one and sit there and watch it like,
day after day after day after day because you're so smitten with it.
See, I don't think he understands the question.
I'll wait for the remake which ought to be coming out of you.
That ought to be fantastic.
It lies in an LA.
Yeah, I'll watch the Wiz.
She's the only one that could find his neurotic as her mother.
WDQ-I-M, hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Uh-huh.
On your poll, I would say, before 10 o'clock, I listen to Bob and Tom.
Okay.
And I go right to you.
And as far as the movie that I can watch all the time is Joe Dirt.
Joe Dirt?
Yeah, man.
Hey, let me show Neil.
How's it going?
Hi.
Hi.
Joe Dirt.
You see that?
No, and I won't see it.
Why?
Who's David Spade movie?
Oh, David Spade.
How about a David Soul movie?
Don't give up on it.
How many say?
I already gave up on it.
David Spade.
Can't stand David Spade.
I can't stand David Spade.
I don't know anybody who likes David Spade movie.
Anybody likes David Spade movie?
No, I can't stand him.
I don't know.
He's got it.
He must be.
There's something going on there.
I think Mama should have been Spade.
Yeah.
WDQ-I-M, hello.
Hey, let me show Neil.
Let me show you.
This is Neil.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Are you OK?
How about blazing shadows?
Don't give up on it.
How about it?
That's good on the point.
OK, it's great.
OK.
Oh, my God.
Good thing he finished speaking right there,
because I don't think he's going to be with us
too much longer.
Blazing shadows.
God almighty.
Whew.
That's OK.
You can be from 9 to 90 on.
and it shouldn't be from five to 500, we don't care.
If you got something to say,
or even if you don't have something to say,
we invite you to call into the not say.
Make heavens up the state.
They don't want to hear.
Okay, let me get to the important stuff.
Well, while these people are waiting to figure out,
it's here, they don't get it now.
They don't understand.
It's like, huh?
Well, what are we supposed to do now?
Whatever you like, whatever you like.
We're here to entertain, to amuse, to kill four hours.
You wanna kill some good time?
Let's play the bird stender 15 times, there you go.
Those were good yesterday.
They were killing all right.
They were killing us and themselves.
In fact, hopefully, maybe they finished the job.
Curtis Stevens, and again, today,
for the second day of the world, maybe that's a trend.
Including Jacques Martin at three o'clock.
That'll be a two-to-four.
Froggy, Jacques Martin, Panthers, coach,
any interest?
None.
Mad dogs, you're mad at four to seven,
three solid hours, no interruptions.
Oh, now look at that.
Says four to seven mandates, and then six to thirty
Panthers preview.
This clearance man, this kid calls me again yesterday.
At four, 15 in the afternoon,
I'm sitting there, my own business watching TV,
and the phone rings, it's clearance again.
Totally unnecessary call.
Totally unnecessary.
If I wanted to repeat something in a message
that never got through before the Joe or anybody else,
wouldn't that like send a follow-up email?
No.
Or call somebody and say something,
Yamama?
But no, God, keep that phone ringing.
You gotta keep nudging and nudging and nudging.
That's why people are beginning to hate you
like poison clearance, because you're a nudge.
Nudge.
Nudge, Nudge, Nudge, Nudge.
Anyway, man, dog four to six thirty,
our apologize for clearance is bad.
Six thirty is Panthers preview,
probably with Jesse Agler or somebody.
And seven o'clock it's the Panthers
at the Washington Caps, ought to be a gimme.
They're crushing about Alexander Ovechkin,
but nevertheless, and Eddie Kay follows the hockey game.
That's our award winning lineup.
Dary to try to match it.
How do you like the error?
Say they might put the juice on.
I think the OJ Simpson show would be really good.
How about having a mom like about six, seven hours a day?
Murder tips?
How to sharpen a knife?
You think my hammer gets people wild.
A 1056 at 560 WQA in with lightning quick speed,
the latest features in security,
Comcast High Speed Internet leaves DSL in the dust.
And today you can get on board for just 9.95 a month
for two months.
We're always on connection speed of six megabytes.
Comcast High Speed Internet is up to four times faster
than DSL 1.5 and up to a hundred times faster
than dialogue, whether you're downloading music,
watching streaming video, playing online games,
or just serving your favorite sights.
And we know what those probably are.
Comcast reliable fast connection means
you'll be flying through the Internet.
Plus when you sign up for Comcast High Speed Internet,
you get instant access to free features like the fan,
video mail, Comcast Rhapsody Radio Plus,
and up to seven personal email accounts
is the name of you.
Not only that, you also get Macafee Security Tools
included so you can be assured
that your Internet experience is always safe and secure.
So what you'll be waiting for is start doing more faster
than ever before.
Sign up for Comcast High Speed Internet today
for just 9.95 a month for two months.
And you wonder how you ever live without it.
In date call 305 Comcast, and of course in 9.5 for Comcast.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 QA.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
No.
Yes, there's no use in hanging around.
Since everybody puts it out,
because everybody in my school
always tries to play me for the cool.
That's just you, you're a few so matter what I try to do.
Next time that I go to school, I'm shooting you.
They call me names and say I blow round.
Now I'm the president's dealing with war.
I'll get my daddies there one day.
Then I'm gonna blow them all away.
You think I'd use your own names for matter what I try to do?
Next time that I go to school, I'm shooting you.
I can't get used to your own names for matter what I try to do.
Next time that I go to school, I'm shooting you.
Alright.
What about the keyboard and Harris?
Was it a die-bow for the voting machine?
The keyboard and Harris from Columbine?
That's right.
What do you mean by that's right?
Well, the keyboard and Harris are thinking like a Gilbert and Harris.
Are you thinking about Harris and Harris?
Are you into chicken egg man?
I think I got a lot in common.
What were you thinking?
Like Gilbert and Sullivan, like some sort of a Broadway composer.
People that are in the air.
How many times do Gilbert and Ed Solomon have?
Oh, the only reason that's funny is because my grandmother used to call Ed Sullivan Ed Solomon.
Everybody in her was Jewish.
Everybody saw it anyway.
Gilbert and Ed Solomon.
That's both equally impressive.
My cousin Vinnie says a female listener for the poll on the movies.
And also before he attends, he listens to Magic 102.7.
Also, I put Ryan and Paul on their outer side out of mind.
But here's the list I got for that so far.
How about I give you all the 20 different lists I got?
How did I do this?
I don't know.
Because I wasn't really decided what I was going to do for tomorrow.
So we're just, who knows when we'll do these?
Where's Peter there?
Right here.
Radio show you listen to before 10 in the morning.
None.
Hank.
Joe Rose.
NPR.
Howard Stern on Sirius.
Howard Stern pirated like on the Internet.
Y100, power 96, Bob and Tom.
Error America, which I don't know who's on.
I don't care.
WYOD in the same thing.
Magic 102.7 and Ron and Paul on not so big no-mo.
Oh.
The United Nations evacuated staff and NATO peacekeepers rushed reinforcements to an
Northwest Afghan town.
After deadly fighting erupted during a protest against cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad
officials that this is so assinine and the fact that anybody in the media could possibly justify this.
Well, there were very insensitive.
They were right, Yamama, okay, insensitive my ass.
So, life.
This business of responding every time you send it, you don't like something.
You can get pissed off or you feel you've been offended with all the issues for violence.
And if you saw, I need to footage yesterday from Lebanon and some of the stuff from Syria.
It's just an excuse to go in a street and act like an allunite.
All the kids are laughing.
You know, it's like a big street party is what it is.
In fact, one kid was young.
Hardy.
Yeah.
Like most of the time when anybody writes.
Yeah.
It's all a big party for the punks.
Party for the punks.
And while we're at it, we'll kill a few people and burn a few buildings down and have ourselves a gay old time.
Yeah, get out of here with this crap.
At least one person was killed and dozens injured in latest Afghan violence,
which came as angry protests spread across Asia and has denmarkered the citizens' elite in Indonesia.
Get out of there.
You know, those angry, those great Danes always been considered so dangerous.
The cartoons first appeared in a small Danish newspaper.
Remember, printed in several other papers in Europe, Asia, the USA, and the Middle East.
Islam forbid the depictions of one hand.
Well, you know, that's up to them.
Fine.
You do whatever you want to do.
And as far as the rest of us will do whatever we want to do, that's the way the world works, the real world.
Tuesday's writing in a remote town of Mamanah was one of about a half a dozen flashpoints that erupted across Afghanistan.
Protesters earned with assault rifles and grenades attacked the NATO base in Mennama,
whatever it is, burning an armored vehicle.
You went carrying guard posts.
A doctorate made Mamanah hospital told AP.
He said one protestor was shot dead and six others wounded.
While some 50 others were hurt by tear gas, the peacekeepers used to disperse the demonstrators.
We're just quoted in Afghan security officials saying it's four people were dead.
18 were murdered in the fighting over a cartoon.
Every time you're going to like, you know, get us pissed off, we're going to kill.
Ah, never, never, never, never.
You like this, and they can't figure out how come the world is like, got what they call this Islamophobia, you know.
Right.
Like I said, let's get all the angry Jews and all the angry Arabs together there in the Gaza.
We're going to have to get together in Manhattan, in some Delhi somewhere at Louis and in France.
And go ahead and have a good time.
Kill each other.
I believe there is a Islam.
Until there's nobody that wants to kill anybody.
Right. Exactly.
Just have a shootout.
You know, the Israelis got the nuclear weapons that they got all the musis and the Palestinians got their rocks.
And I say, nice fair fight.
Just kill each other and leave us alone.
And to show you what a bunch of hypocrites these people are,
Iran's largest selling newspaper announced that it's holding a contest on cartoons of the Holocaust
and respond to the publishing of that caricature of Prophet Muhammad.
Yeah, that'll learn of.
Yeah.
It'll be an international cartoon contest about the Holocaust that ferried more tazabi,
the graphic editor for Hamshahiri newspaper, which is published by Turan's conservative municipality.
He said the plan was to turn the tables on the assertion that newspapers can print offensive material
and the name of freedom or expression.
You know what? Let him go ahead and print it.
They've been printing this stuff for years anyway.
The western papers printed these sacrilegious cartoons on the pretext of freedom or expression.
So let's see if they mean what they say and also print these Holocaust cartoons, he said.
Iran's fiercely anti-Israeli regime is the part of a so-called Holocaust revisionist historians
who maintain the systematic slaughter by Nazis of mainland Europe's Jews,
as well as other groups who are in WW2s, and they've been invented or exaggerated.
Like that, another having a...
We're going to...
You are obnoxious, so we're going to out-obnoxious you.
And believe me, I think they win.
I got a great...
I told you this by Christopher Hitchens, one of my least favorite people.
That's what makes it more meaningful.
The case for mocking religion by Christopher Hitchens and slate.com.
Let's see, since no one's helping with your murder, I'll pull up the bronies back again.
Jesus, Kate Christ, man, get a life where you're pleased.
I have no life.
Andriyates, that would be timely.
I think she's on there, though, isn't she?
I thought so.
Yeah, she just got sent to the nut house.
She's on there.
You better get with it, Riley.
Where is she?
Yeah, she's got 21 votes.
She's way up there.
Mm-hmm.
Who's Charles N.G.?
Charles N.
Charles N. He's the...
I guess one of those Vietnamese is that name.
They...
Him and the buddy kidnapped and tortured a whole bunch of people today.
Yeah.
Suckfully assaulted them, killed them.
Babies, women, things like that.
Well, I didn't put all these on.
I Albert J. Salvathe Bossen's Stranger.
Ed Gain is a Gainer.
He was Ed Gain, was at the Green River Killer.
I get those all.
No, Ed Gain was the guy that...
You know, that was the...
We're right.
We have right.
We've ridden a lot of faith.
Right.
Joseph Mangala.
Yeah, I mean, he was just patching around.
That's right.
He was just conducting experiments.
Well, you can put all these on there.
I lean war knows.
Charles Whitman, the sniper at the Texas University,
who was up there in a watchtower.
With the doors.
I can't watch this.
Okay, so anyway, here's this article by Christopher Hitchens on Slate,
who is anything but a...
Kami Pincro Liberal.
As well as being a small masterpiece of inarticulously and self-advocation,
whatever that means, these statements from the State Department about this week's
International Muslim Program against the Free Press was also accidentally accurate.
Anti-Muslim images are as unacceptable as anti-Semitic images,
as anti-Christian images, or any other religious belief.
Thus, the Hanvelishan McCormick reading painfully, slowly,
from what was reported as a prepared government statement.
How appalling for the country of the First Amendment to be represented
by such an administration.
What does he mean unacceptable?
That it should be forbidden?
And how abysmal that a spokesman can't distinguish between criticism of a
belief system and slander against the people?
However, the illiterate McCormick is right in unintentionally comparing racist
levels to religious faiths.
Many people appointed out that the Arab and Muslim press is reprieved with anti-Jewish
caricature, often of the most lurid and hateful kind.
In one way, the comparison is hopelessly inexact.
These foul items, mostly apparent countries, were the state decides what is
published abroad cast.
However, when Muslims republished the protocols of the elders of Zion,
or perpetuate the story of Jewish blood-sacrificed Passover,
they're recycling the fantasies of the Russian Orthodox Christian
secret police, and centuries of Roman Catholic and Lutheran propaganda.
And when an Israeli politician refers to Palestinians as snakes or pigs or monkeys,
it is near to a certain that he'll be a rabbi, most usually a rabbi,
auvadi, a yosef, or either of the disgraced Shost party,
and will cite Talmudic authority for his racism.
For most of human history, religion and bigotry have been two sides of the same coin
and it still shows.
There are four, there's a strong case for saying that the Danish newspaper,
Islands Posten, and those who've reprinted its efforts out of solidarity,
are affirming the right to criticize not merely Islam, but religion in general.
And the Bush administration has no business at all expressing an opinion on that.
If it is to say anything, it's constitutionally obliged to uphold the right and no more.
You can be sure that the relevant European newspapers have also printed their
share of cartoons, making fun of nuns and popes, and Messianic is really settlers,
and taunting childraping priests.
There was a time when this would not have been possible, but those tabloos have been broken.
Which is what tabloos are for.
Islam makes very large claims for itself, and its authors are prejudiced against representing the human form at all.
The prohibition on picturing the prophet, who was only another male mammal, is apparently absolute.
So is the prohibition on pork or alcohol or in some Muslim societies, music or dancing.
Very well then, let a good Muslim of Stain rigorously from all of these.
But if he claims the right to make me abstain as well, he offers the clearest possible warning
to prove of an aggressive intent.
This current uneasy coexistence is only an interlude, he seems to say.
For the moment all I can do is claim to possess absolute truth and demand absolute immunity from criticism.
But in the future you'll do what I say and you'll do it on pain of death.
I refuse to be spoken to in that tone of voice, which is it happens I chance to find offensive.
By the way, hasn't the word offensive become really offensive lately?
The innate human revulsion against this creation is much older than any monotheism.
It's most powerful expression is antigony of suffocates.
It belongs to civilization. I'm not asking for the right to slaughter a pig in a synagogue or mosque or relieve myself on a holy book.
But I will not be told I can't eat pork and I'll not respect those who burn books out of regular basis.
I, too, have strong convictions and beliefs and value the enlightenment above any preserver or sacred fetish object.
It's rewarding to me to breed the same ear as waths from the exhalations of the mud-landrasses or the reeking fumes of the suicide murders of the sermons of Billy Graham and Joseph Ratzinger.
But the same principles of mine also prevent me from reeking random violence on the nearest church or kidnapping a Muslim at random and holding a mahasjid or violating diplomatic immunity by attacking the embassy of the envoys of even the most difficult, despotic Islamic state or making a moronic special in my self threatening blood and fire to far away individuals who may have hurt my feelings.
The baby is rumour-fueled tantrums that erupt all the time, especially in the Islamic world, show yet again that faith belongs to the sport and selfish childhood of our species.
As it happens, the cartoons themselves are not very brilliant or very modern either, but if Muslims don't want the alleged profit identified with barbaric acts or adolescent fantasies, they should say publicly that random murder for virgins is not in their religion.
And here one runs up against a curious reluctance. In fact, so many Muslim leaders can't even seem to condemn the blowing up of Shi'ed mosque and funeral possessions which even I would describe as sacrilege.
Of course there are many millions of Muslims who do worry about this, and another reason for condemning the idiots at foggy bottom is their assumption dangerous in many ways that the first lynch mob on the scene is actually the genuine voice of the people, there's an insult to Islam if you like.
The question of offensiveness is easy to decide, first to pose that we all agree to comport ourselves in order to avoid offending the believers.
How could we ever be sure that we had taken enough precautions? On Saturday, I appeared on CNN which was so terrified of reprisal that it pixelated the very cartoons that its viewers needed to see.
And this ignoble fear in Atlanta, Georgia arose because an illustration of the small Scandinavian newspaper of which nobody had ever heard before.
It is not clear then that those who are determined to be offended will discover a provocation somewhere.
We can't possibly adjust enough to please the fanatics and it's degrading to make the attempt.
Second and important enough to be insisted upon can the discussion be carried down without threat of violence or the automatic resort to it?
When Salman Rushdie published the Satanic verses in 88, he did so in the hope of forwarding a discussion that was already opening in the Muslim world between extreme, Quranic literalists and those who hoped that text could somehow be interpreted.
We know that his own reward was and we sometimes forget that the fatwo was directed not just against sin but against all those involved in its publication which led to the murder of the books Japanese translator and the near deaths of another translator and one publisher.
I went on crossfire at one point to debate some spokesman for outrage faith and said that we on our side would happily debate the propriety of using holy writ for literary and artistic purposes but that we would not exchange a word until the person on the other side of the podium had put away as gun.
The menacing Muslim big mouth on the other side refused to force where a state sponsored subordinate of assassination and was of course backed up by the Catholic bigot Pat Buchanan.
The same point holds for international relations there can be no negotiation under the restaurant of the threat of black male and assassination and civil society means that free expression triumphs the emotions of anyone to him free expression might be inconvenient.
It's depressing that have to restate those obvious precepts and it's positively outrageous that the administration should have discarded them at the very first sign of a fight.
How do you like that? You go ahead. I just might read that again for tour clause.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16.28.
All right.
Well I was a Christian soldier of God.
All that time I followed every word of the scriptures.
You fairy.
It's the power of God living on the winning of my team weight.
Except in 9 to 11 when he must have been gone on a custom holiday.
Take your God and shove it into the name of the corner where you can get no more.
Well the year all right if you're with us because everybody else is wrong.
I'm getting tired of watching people die.
The name of it is in the Lord.
Take your God and shove it into the name of it.
11.19 at 5.60 WQA. It reminds me of the concept of freedom of speech in the county.
You can say whatever you want as long as I don't have an offended by it.
Right.
This idea that people are offended is fine.
That's what we have to have freedom of speech.
If we all just made nice isn't it a lovely day and whatever you believe whatever you're doing is wonderful.
Anyway here's a fan's it says Jack the Ripper.
And also a very tiny print of says Lizzie Borden and General Sherman and Lieutenant William Kelly of Me,
I am an Instagram fan.
That's also from Riley but he's not sounding his name because you're Ripley.
It's from who? Riley.
Oh Riley.
Oh it's got the same number on there on the header.
I'll tell you Riley.
The first one is really the distressing and heartbreaking.
See he doesn't want to contribute to the show he wants to do the show.
That's the difference.
Let's see here's another fact.
It was reported day on NPR that the political cartoons were originally published four months ago.
Certain clerics asked for a meeting at the time of the newspaper publisher.
This request was either denied or ignored.
Then the clerics started circulating cartoons around the Islamic world and the hottest of the hotpads in particular.
They wouldn't have been seen if those clerics hadn't sent them around.
In other words, they were fanning the flames literally.
Right.
Fuelling the fire of hysteria, whipping up the masses into a frenzy.
Schmitt the stirbers.
And along with the published cartoons, they circulated other cartoons that were never published anywhere and whose origins may be suspect.
In other words, possibly fabricated.
In other words, they made them up themselves just to be more incendiary and get everybody whipped up into a freaking frenzy.
Therefore all of these riots, all of those violence, could actually be considered as created by,
implemented by, incited by, with intent to incite by, the very clerics who were so offended originally.
But you won't hear about that in the regular press or from the Islamic commentators either of course.
Well, there you go.
Because our regular press, so called, is irregular, man.
They haven't had a good beer in 10 years.
You see, moved dogs lately?
That lately, I just won good bowel movement.
And the world would be a better place in which to live, even with all those illegal aliens.
Well, he is just, man, just obnoxious.
Talk about a brownie hound.
56670560.
We got 15 different polls going here.
Which everyone suits your fancy or maybe you got an idea for another pool or whatever you want.
You know?
Sure.
We got them all on the ropes today.
They didn't know whether the screen or PL16 bananas.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Oh, I mean, WQAM, hello.
Good morning, Nails.
Do you have a man to none you list?
Yes, we do.
Okay, the mirror man.
The mirror man.
Yes.
56670560.
Now, let's see.
For now, maybe Marilyn Manson, he means for the music list.
Okay.
Put him on the phone.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
Okay, nice talking to you, too.
What is this week?
This is really incredibly week today.
You're just like yesterday.
I'm telling you, I think I should take like about a six month vacation.
I don't know my 30th anniversary.
I don't think that's the least I can do for you.
You would have a blast, in fact.
You can pick it up right now.
Here's George.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, I'm Julia.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Two quick things.
Finish it.
She did better when she's spinning on the roadside by herself, like the guy in front of the tank.
She's on the left wing with a foot too far left now.
I'm going to shove it.
So I just can't give her any credit.
Well, I guess you're opinion, okay, whatever.
Yeah, true.
I have a question.
The jerk that did all the damage in the barn, Rhode Island or wherever.
Would you rather have had him killed or seriously messed up an instanding trial and going from there?
Well, I have rather had him killed.
What does that mean?
In other words, the outcome that happened, where they killed him.
Yeah.
Is that unacceptable to you?
Would you rather have?
Well, I think he's acceptable to another guy.
I'm the arbiter of what you have.
I think it's great.
I think it's sensational.
You would want to be had him stay in trial, poor.
No, absolutely.
Well, why should he have to stay in trial?
He started when they found him in Arkansas.
He started firing at the police.
He was like trying to keep him.
I'm not depending on him.
This guy, the guy up there, works up for the incident.
The police that they'd rather have seen him.
That's tough.
I'm real happy that he's a...
He can't get much more messed up than the condition he's in, okay?
That's bizarre.
I don't get that.
I guess next time they'll have to call me for approval.
I'll give my bat line number.
Sure.
Next time they find some slime ball like that.
Call me up and I'll let you know whether we should like, you know,
put them out of...
Put the world out of its misery or just, you know, mess them up.
They could buzz your blackberry with it.
There you go.
I guess he was thinking like a thing.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
They're coming to pick me away.
Good, I hope so.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Neil.
Yes.
Okay.
I used to listen to Howard in the morning,
but he got totally pundit towards the end,
so I listened to Paul and Ron.
I like that.
You don't like them?
I love them, man.
I think they're great.
Okay.
And as far as the movie,
now I think there is...
No, do you like them or not?
Do I like who?
The power of mine.
I don't listen to them.
I'm not there anyway,
so how can I listen to them?
And even if I were there,
I wouldn't listen if you paid me by the man.
I'm not...
See, you're like the last guy.
What do I like?
Forget about what I like.
Where I see what you like.
I pay okay.
You're a painter.
There's nothing to be based on what I like.
Don't be a butlicker.
I just like to hear what you're saying.
And this is...
Forget about my thing.
Okay. There's nothing much to worry about.
Okay. And what was the one for the movie?
Now, believe it or not,
this is a classic for me.
And I can watch it a million times
and laugh hysterically.
Playing trains and automobiles.
Yeah.
Come on.
Yeah.
What do you think?
Well, that was your dream,
made that not me.
I never seen that piece of crap in that movie.
Are you kidding me?
It's a classic.
You can laugh 100 times every time.
It was okay.
You don't have once.
Yeah.
No, it's...
I don't know what it is.
Sometimes movies you have to see a couple times before.
You can really get into it.
Like, I've actually seen a movie falling asleep.
And then it's...
Why, it's the second time, and I love it.
And then the more I watch it, the more I like it.
I don't know why.
Right.
I think I don't know what I'm gonna do.
And then Josh is gonna watch the network again.
About four or five times.
Maybe he'll like it.
He'll like it.
Right.
That's a good idea.
It doesn't know if you hate like poison.
Keep watching it.
And after about 15, 20 a time,
you'll start liking it a little bit.
And you'll start like...
Milding the dialogue.
You know it by heart.
Card two.
Card two.
I'm not gonna erase it.
Yeah, good to see you.
Not now.
Maybe Jack Walts was like a little on the psychic side.
26 past 11.
We got Kurdish today.
And then of course, I got shot at Martin Jo.
That's a guaranteed tune.
This is Mild Roger.
This is 5.62.8.
Kill Nicole.
Well, congratulations.
Get a life.
One step closer to being a bad guy.
Maddox and babies are on our own now, have his name.
But is it the first step to miss when this is Smith?
Becoming Mr. and Mrs. P.
How long will it take?
Till we get a break.
You get break.
From the coverage of Brad and the mother to be.
They're too new.
Good, didn't Hollywood even before Brad and she had their baby.
No other story.
Get the real boring.
I'm just bored today.
I've heard a lot of this fair.
How about you?
Italy is clear.
It's not easy.
The hardest people may for now.
Especially to eat.
Yeah.
Say that Hollywood is fragile enough.
A lot of people have just big grants at the age range.
Who is the Brad and Angelina of a soul?
But our Mr. and Mrs. Smith already living happily ever after.
They have to be after baby.
Their faces go through.
We're E.M.I.N.O.
To the floor.
We have to have Lloyd's ball.
But we've got more Brad and Angelina dish.
Brad, what's your ambassador kind of now?
I was a little pile.
I was always fast.
Really?
Fascinating.
I'll tell you one thing.
Anybody that's on those shows, talk about this, all this Muslim, this history, that's going on.
Anybody that's on those entertainment tonight, an inside division, an outside division,
and Hollywood inside or all of this stuff, they all ought to be around it up.
And then what?
I don't know.
You figured it out.
Ask that guy to call me a couple of calls ago.
Get him to call me on the bat line.
I'll give you my verdict.
The celebrity phenomenon dubbed Brand Angelina has triggered immediate fever surrounding Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie.
That some observers say has reached the point of insanity.
Absolutely.
Far overshadowing the hoopla that attended such make-believe couples as Benefer and Tomcat.
You know, Ben Affleck and Tom Cruise.
You're fairy.
The tourist confirmation last month that Jolie was pregnant by her co-star Pitt was proofed
to the media of a love affair that either stars publicly acknowledged.
Well, either they're made with his immaculate contraception, you think?
Oh, yeah.
It was immaculate.
Depending on which TV show you'll listen to or which celebrity magazine or gossip calm you read,
Jolie is expecting a girl, no, a boy, no twins, the pair of plans of Valentine's Day wedding in Malibu,
or possibly a George Clooney's Italian villa, unless they've already married in a secret Buddhist ceremony.
They're also reported to have hired British celebrity chief Jamie Oliver to do the catering.
Landonis has been guy richy to be the best man and a commission in a Italian jeweler to come up with a ring.
Or does the self-reasquer winning actress or possibly Pitt have cool feet about time that ought,
whoever said that marriage was imminent anyway, and his brad's ex-wife Jennifer Aniston devastated her happily moving on.
Jolie, twice married and Pitt, who's divorced last year from popular friend star Aniston,
has spiced up the story having remained tight-lived merely fueling the speculation.
He's tight-lived.
What's the new fall?
We're not talking about it.
We don't want any more stories.
We just want people to leave them alone.
Pitt's publicist Cindy Guagenti told Reuters.
Guagenti said there was no truth to her in broad and imminent sadness wedding outing cryptically.
They're not getting married.
I don't want to story about them getting married.
I think you guys should just drop the whole thing.
Some hope it says there isn't even a branchaleted.net website.
There's always been a certain fascination with celebrity, but today's proliferation of outlets has seemed to be competing for the same photos and stories that reach the point that seemed insane.
Said PR consultant Ken Sunshine, whose clients include several celebrities.
Ken Sunshine.
Any relation?
Yeah.
Every time magazine is acknowledged the deafening noise carrying the deeply satirical cartoon last week that featured the Jolie pregnancy news and wedding rumors as new methods of torture for prisoners of war.
Even beats those Celine Dion records.
Robert Thompson, director of the Center for the Study of Popular Television, said the coupling of a list stars like Pitt and Jolie, or years gone by, Liz Taylor and Richard Burton, was a paparazzi's dream come true.
Now most of these people don't know the difference between a paparazzi and a present event.
See there you go again with that Godfather crap, not a present event.
As silly as it sounds, the new tendency to make up single names for two people like Benefer and Tom Kat is an insightful idea.
Brangelina has more cultural equity than their two star parts.
You get interested in this one he wants to run out of his fiasmosis.
They said, I don't think so.
Are you interested?
No.
Sunshine said none of us care.
At all, not even a little teeny tiny bit.
Mostly desperate housewives with no life where tired of watching Oprah with phoning authors on.
They got to do something.
Five six seven oh five sixty we're building about 15 different polls here today including old totem.
Let's go to totem pool. What do you say?
You build it and I'll totem.
Yeah.
You float them?
524 votes on the pool.
Who is the most despicable murder of all time?
Hitler we knew would win.
371.
Heck of a launch there, so a fraction plate.
George W. Bush 22 the butcher of Washington doing a very commendable job on his own.
Stalin 71 911 Saudi hijackers 62 we left the four Egyptians off.
Susan Smith 39 or some of it live in 31 we don't think about him much anymore.
Unless it's the state of union.
Oh there's Barack Obama and John McCain with his big cheek.
I'm going to be finished.
Yeah but it would be okay you lost both of them.
10th grade 27 and re-8th 22 OJ 17 we hate you OJ go steal some more satellite signals.
Paul pot 16 Jeffrey Dahmer O Jeff Dahmer excuse me eight.
Yeah but he I think he's hanging out with father Gagan these days.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm in a good old time a gale time.
Chuck Manson eight Ted Bundy eight.
See that's the deal I said Bundy how many years was it at least ten years that the appeals dragged on.
And on so when this guy asked me am I satisfied with this slime ball getting the blown away.
You bet look at all the taxpayer money getting saved and just like a keyboard and hearish there at Columbine.
Yeah same thing sure who had all those trials and to say what it cost millions of dollars to try and then we
to heard about their childhood and now people were picking on that you know what but I've been.
That's it.
I'm up for the crap.
Ted Bundy eight Lee Harvey Oswald seven just a Patsy man Jim Jones three.
Jack Ruby three.
A two for John Wayne Gacy leave old and lobe.
General Sherman had one Jack the Ripper's got one one for Dennis Raider the BTK burger queen.
James Earl Ray one David Berkowitz on the same one no votes for Lieutenant William Kelly see they don't know from Vietnam.
They've been forgot.
That's why we got the word a raccoon on because what turns to make it they compared to Vietnam 58,000 kids coming home and body bags.
Because America's got a short mammary man all they know about is benefit and brand gelina crap.
Lizzie Borden none Charles Whitman Joseph Mangala Charles Eng alien war noce Albert de Salvo wonder where he used to.
Ed Gain Gain now I thought Ed Gain was like the character from sound from Lance from red whatever that was.
Oh possibly wasn't he but he was like a real yehu redneck so I don't know.
I thought that's what the first there was the first one red red red red red red man.
Well he dragon it I mean absolutely the you know part of the victims but he also used the skin to make the skin suits you know like Buffalo Bill.
Yeah dress up like a woman really.
It puts the large in the back.
Not a bad movie the the movie that they made of his story very creepy what the Ed Gain movie and I think it's called Ed.
I see I'm not sure.
Mr. Red eric Harrison Dylan Creebold none now how can they have none how can they have.
They went to school and they shot up a bunch of kids and teachers they got no votes as compared to like some of the other marginal slime balls.
Marshall Apple White none so I'm a hammer not what we've been up to voting for nobody name my hammer.
The sniper Richard Ramirez none Eric Lamen and this bad hair piece which one had the bad hair piece one of none Richard's spec one.
Here we go more a none and the Sir Hanser hand who was still hypnotized 936 he's still alive by the way he's still in the slimmer Sir Hanser hand.
You know that yeah and what about even though he didn't kill a whole bunch of people needed in Sir Hanser hand or Lee Harvey Oswald.
Well didn't kill anybody probably but who just had one on my mind and just looked away.
Damn it.
They have it.
Huh?
No never know.
That's another one who got murdered Mark David Chapman.
Oh what about him?
Well you want him on there I mean all these John Lennon freaks huh we just had that anniversary John Lennon getting shot and all these people singing an image and if it was a Yoko instead you know like that.
Mark David Chapman.
You want to put him on there?
We'll put them on there.
I think they got to kill more than one person to be qualified for this list so don't put him on there please.
What he put him on there already.
No I think we caught him in town.
Don't do it.
Don't do it man you're a young man you got your whole life ahead of you.
Remember that take me to the foot of the George Washington Bridge but that's right you hated that movie I'm sorry.
Sorry.
Now see ordinarily I could put that movie on there and at least about one I could watch this engine times and I have seen him many many times but it's not it's just not the same color.
And you're going to say to me imaginary heroes I don't even know what movie that work.
That was the take take me to the George Washington Bridge.
Yeah I don't remember in the very beginning of the movie during the bar William Holden and Peter Fransley were in the bar and are getting drunk.
Right and then they're standing outside afterwards in fact later in the movie he tells the same story again they're all gathered around in the newsroom.
Howard Beale just got yanked off the air and they just had the big meeting you know all the big haunchers about whether to put it back on the air or not.
And Nelson stands up well the New York Times is going to be out right and then Robert Dubell says the New York Times doesn't advertise on this network.
Sit down Nelson your outrageous duly noted remember that I do.
Boy I know the I know the dialogue man word for word but they don't remember the drugs standing outside the bar.
I have to go with some other movie.
Not that I can Disney right off the air get a 90 share easy talk about the suicide of the week terrorists of the week remember.
Yep and they're standing outside he tells the story about giving a used post to do a remote broadcast at the foot of the George Washington bridge.
That's right and he gets in the cab and says hey cabby take me to the foot of the George Washington bridge and the cab driver looks at him and says oh hey pal you're a young guy you got your whole life I had to get don't do it.
Wow you had to be there you remember that don't you.
How about you even Josh remembers that scene I do well wasn't like a wedding proposal or anything I just said you probably remember the scene.
That's apart from God from a network he liked and from Godfather too.
That I liked you didn't like that scene in the beginning.
I don't like anything about why you didn't like the movie okay.
Hey look I told you the message was the only part you like was when fade that way was mounting William Holman hold him that part you like.
Yeah something about a 30 share there.
No we said 30 share.
What ever he said.
Just not your kind of movie okay just didn't have enough I don't know what your kind of movie is I don't know.
Just want to keep me awake that's okay I'll take a one thing don't give him my imaginary heroes you won't like that he'll say that that's like a fact movie or something.
No you know he wouldn't like it he won't like it.
I could watch that movie every day it just it rings several bells with me of course you know.
Yeah exactly.
In fact I admit this to you last night but as well I already was on the cable no listen and my TV my cable you can if you're watching a show on a channel.
It's like it's not recording it unless you said it to record but you can like rewind you know I'm saying right like a Tivo kind of it right right.
And the scene there toward the end of the movie after he plays the piano we several of the grad high school graduation.
And they're sitting on the bench and he's talking about the fact he let his brother commit suicide which I'm not giving anything away because that's in the very beginning of the movie we know the brother commit suicide.
And his boyfriend I mean his step his half brother.
What and now you are giving away what their business is to make it to guys whether they're related not is that like a dollar.
It's like the brothers never give it around with each other like cousin or stuff like that.
I mean it's already icky enough that they're gay it really doesn't matter that they're kin.
I see anyway and he says to a model not everybody can be heroes.
Right right can be a hero and he says and he says yeah I guess you're right and he reaches over puts his hand out of shoulder.
Okay now I will admit here that I watched that three times when I saw because there's a message there okay it's very quick and very subtle that's how much it took.
Three yeah now three seconds that was enough for me.
So and see there now guarantee that Josh won't watch that movie now which is unfortunate because it's really good what there's nothing.
So he thinks it's not that's not that's not what the movie's about okay no it's not you are so insecure man forgot it's that got his Russian Natasha girlfriend there like
do and hanky banky 15 20 times a day.
Yeah but it's not with guys well what's the difference is to make are they doing anything that's right there is that one that very very lengthy kiss.
Instead of rewinding three times I'll fast forward.
Yeah you know what we'll start editing movies you know for people.
Yeah for people to get really uptight about like a little kiss.
I guess you're not going to be out and you know I'll watch that now that I know that there's nudity in it that what they have.
Halfway in the show.
Let's see if Josh will watch that because there's some heavy-duty female nudity in their boobies baby huh.
Yeah but then they can just fast forward to all that the Fagory in there.
This is Neil Roger.
There were the Rough Riders.
He's 560.
Let go.
The Roger's got it.
The Role from their tag now come to have hope chat to chat.
There's not much strange about them outside their garden strats.
Way back then in the Christian West.
Red beds were day-to-day with man's legs wrapped around them.
Hey we're with Cowboys right.
We're with the bullets fired from the gun state shoot with double-fisted fun.
There's another big Cowboys shoot John Wayne was Mary Young.
His name was Mary Young.
Hey Role from their tag now come to bring me Cowboy guys.
On Saturday come Mountain with some help from Asteroid.
That's another reason Josh would like impossible heroes.
Is that imaginary?
Is because nobody dies in the end.
What the hell does that matter?
Well like Donnie Darko you're like a lot because he died in the end.
You're just setting up a joke there Josh.
Yeah I see.
And anyway and I was very pleased the reason I rewinded it three times.
I want to make sure that when he put his hand on the shoulder was like a masculine.
Like it was a good solid squeeze.
As opposed to what I'm talking about.
Well he did seem a little the more you watched that kid it kind of like switch your he seemed to be.
I'll be able to work up that next morning.
I beg your pardon?
I'll not but you are.
Yeah right.
Yeah it makes sense you are.
But I'm definitely not.
And then I'm right.
Yeah I've heard that one before.
I'm sure the widow of Dr. Rankins donate $16,000 to students who refuse to sell candy.
Let's hear it for those kids.
Okay they know John Jaros thank God who sent that stupid milk bar up here a couple weeks ago and then you're killed me.
And my blood sugar up to 325 in the middle of the show.
I hope he's embarrassed and he really didn't degrade what an idiot he is.
And stop using as an excuse.
I'll try to do something nice.
No you're not.
You're in denial.
Typical Nazi move man.
We're trying to do something nice for you.
Okay.
Who wouldn't pass up an ice free shower right?
Depend on who it's with.
The widow of the man who created the how about Emil Hirsch?
You can take my turn.
Okay.
The widow of the man who created the Atkins dot is promised a $16,000 check to afford a lot of elementary school ensuring students are refused to sell on a healthy snacks.
As a fundraiser can still take their field trip to Washington DC.
You go lady whatever her name is.
Veronica.
After running the important selection site and eating healthy in a country wellness program,
county wellness program students in Northside Elementary refused to sell candy to raise the field trip money.
A decision that scartered national attention.
This of course is in Florida.
Veronica Atkins whose late husband Dr. Bob Atkins my close personal friend.
Remember that wonderful appearance were you there that day at the end?
I was there on their voices.
Is he in?
Yeah.
I was there.
It's always the guy with the eyes.
Oh well nothing's perfect.
Whose husband Dr. Bob Atkins started the country's low carb craze which is vanished by the way.
And that's a shame too because it really is great even if you don't lose any weight on it.
It's very good for your blood lipids.
Found out about the students refusal and intends to dip into proceeds of the foundation which promotes her omission to combat type 2 diabetes.
I was so proud when the children said you're telling us not to go out and eat sugar and then you ask us to sell it.
Atkins said money from her home in West Palm.
I said no way am I going to let them down now let them go on the field trip.
Atkins 68 and her trust the Clive Mets of Aventura planted had a had a check tomorrow morning to Northside Principal Michelle Valbrune Pope.
Veronica atkins sold Atkins nutritional after husband of the company's founder died in April 2003 after he had a bad fall on a sidewalk.
Marks where you walk in Bobby.
Oh there he goes.
It is hate.
Veronica atkins donation make the Washington DC trip possible for 36 fifth graders.
If the school receives more money more fifth graders who hadn't tied the ticket to the field trip maybe over to Georgia donate a few grand.
The school still needs to raise about 8 grand to send the fourth graders on the telehazzy field trip.
Teacher Monique Managat said.
Atkins largest wasn't the only donation of the school since last Friday the school has received about 100 emails from Uganda the Chicago dozens of phone calls and personal trust including one from for 6 grand from anonymous donor.
Because they refuse to sell chocolate door to door because it's bad for you.
Those who let them go sell solve okay that's bad for your blood pressure too but you know Morton Salt like when I was in school don't ask me why we sold that I have no idea because that's the told us to that's kind of strange.
What selling salt I had eyes yeah Morton salt box of salt but somebody I don't know why when you're in school you do whatever they tell you to okay.
Apparently like so many this kid said we're not going to do it give them some credit okay give them some props.
Yo those who didn't offer money shared ideas man again since you see several fundraising opportunities from selling Ava to an idea from a Melbourne man who offered to pedal so made barbecue sauce for the cause that's probably give you bad Roy's man homemade barbecue sauce my ass.
The children are amazed they're like really really people from all over the country are helping us.
All right for an ice ice gone kids.
In fact some of the classmates are excited about the media attention that we see since Friday a woman a little girl to her name is what's definitely August.
Give an interview to a New York City radio station the school is president from CNN and a phone call from the Tony Danza showed us we've proven enough it nothing is perfect.
Once you made the Tony Danza show that tells you don't do it again five six seven oh five six we got 16 different polls were building they were building him okay for future use.
Leave it to me man let me to come up with something really bizarre and confusing and look at us phones are they smoking or what.
I'm going to Q a M hello in the website story for that call the watch over and over again and also I'm buying this radio which can record radio shows and store them up digitally so when you go on vacation and Georgia's I can listen to you.
Okay I'll sort of appreciate that very much thank you okay.
Hey you like for that was proud of saying I hate him too well there you go no calls no calls on a board we're getting ready to fill up all these other
polls there about what you listen to it a morning before 10 and who you could watch over and over never get tired of other than the Godfather in which are today's pop singers or our groups is the worst and I'm not really sure which of these polls will be on
the body like that that gives me an option you know that gives me an option you have to kind of like figure way through it.
Look at George Bush a very strong second on the worst most as pickable murder of all time.
Yeah is there any doubt no somebody Q a M hello.
I'll come here with some kind of how you doing pali good man good I gotta give video free to see yeah Charlie Brown
quanza okay go to Ithos dot com Charlie Brown quanza peace out next okay right 5 6 7 0 5 60 so who did all yeah could have said that but he's just a little smart
as to right to take your Charlie Brown stuff with a moon don't shine.
Line nine Josh's favorite Q a M log is claw w mu Q a M hello.
Right now now or never.
I'm not by Elvis it's now or never and I think in your case w mu Q a M hello.
Yes sir I've got one for the ball which poll is that the other poll okay I'm listening well I think he's the one that caused most damage to the gas in the people.
Yeah and I would probably take the cake over Bush wouldn't it who's that it all filler all I don't know you've got one for the
ball.
It's got 388 votes in his like way ahead everybody else see it's my bad I should be reading the list okay he gassed all the people didn't it didn't he.
He didn't actually do it himself he just to help come up with the idea he just said oh that's a splendid idea.
He said the Muslims would be very proud of that who is the most despicable murderer of all time see that's why they got the segment of these
redheads who we like they Holocaust deniers they were vizionists because quite and I don't understand actually what they should do is just to build a monument to Hitler.
Right right Hitler's got 389 most despicable murder of all time George W. Bush 239 butcher murderer blood on his hands nothing on his brain blood on his hands.
Stalin that old Joseph 79 911 Saudi hijacker 64 so's in Smith 41 ground them kids and then played them on some chocolate guy none existent.
Osama Yamano 33 to make me she's always can you blame on some dark guy you know some dark guy done it oh sure we believe you're like in good fellows especially in South Carolina yeah right.
To make a 27 and we each 22 that bitch OJ 19 bitch Paul pot 19 Jeffrey Dahmer 8 Lee Harvey Oswald 8 and 8 Charles Mance and 8 Ted 28 Jim Jones 3 and fact
had money 8 for years you paid for it Jim Jones 3 John Wayne Casey 3 Jack Ruby 3 Dutin a William Cali me live massacre 2.
Leah fold in the lobe 2. General Sherman 1 1 project ripper Joseph Mangala he was just a hardworking doctor Eric Harrison Dylan Cleveland have only one you see the column by and shooting the American people accepted and then we had like a whole rash of those copy catch shooting kids and I all yeah well you know kids will be kids.
Dennis Raider 1 James R. Ray 1 David Birkowitz the son of Sam 1 none for Lizzie Borden Charles women although I love his chocolates Charles Aing Allen Eileen Wernos Albert de Salvo Ed Geen Marshall Apple White John Mohamed the sniper the DC sniper don't be knocking Mohamed Richard Ramirez Eric allow men in this he never
trusted guy with the men's with the Z George Richard spec and Gary Gilmore and Sir answer and who still other hypnosis have the big so far.
This is Neil Rogers. Now an excuse they miss is 5.16.2.8.
I am for our Iliana Ross late men and I like rubbing my stomach really ass with soap made from Jews and listening to the new Roque.
I'm going to the T.H. don't be late coming in for members in the air state.
How bullie and many rock Iran I'll be stepping on my suicide bomb.
Let's rock the rock.
Raise all the let's rock.
That's my beard and my long life's mask.
I'm going to the DR act.
She like to says to a mask for get the boys ready for a holy war.
But that to says to martyr three come on and use the women and she would be long.
Raise all the let's rock.
We don't want to get my long life's mask.
I'm going to the DR act.
Been not a night in coming out of his cave.
Taliban monkey threat and raise black male women taking in the crowd.
But buddies only no ladies allowed to let rock.
Raise all the let's rock.
How long?
Put on my bloody white cloth going to the DR act.
Quick moment turn off CNN let this American true position.
Going to the DR don't be late coming in from every single terrorist state.
Capulian mini Rocky Run
I'll be scrapping on my suicide bomb at Raco
Raise all the left gas, we go on, holla
Got my beard and my long neck bottom
I'm going to the G.R. Raco, to the G.R.
She had two cells to hum us for
Get me boys ready for a holy war
But that two cells to march your three
Come on and kill some women and cheer with me at Raco
Raise all the left gas, we go on, holla
We got my beard and my long neck bottom
I'm going to the G.R. Raco, to the G.R.
Bring that space to the G.R.
Give me the death wine, give them all
Tell them all three at 560 W.C.A.
Let's go kill a few people for Christ or for Muhammad or for Jesus or for
I'm sorry, we've done the Abraham
Let's kill a few folks for Abraham Solomon, what do you say?
Oh, I think you've got a head start on that
Let's see, WNK
Who would Muhammad kill?
560, 0560
Tom 560 in the Verizon Singular Riders song
We got about 15 different pulls
And Mike and Melbourne factors me what about the
The Udambamba, so I'm putting that in my file, thanks Mike
We got a huge pile of pulls baby
WNK, WNK, hello
Hello
Yes sir
Q.A.M.?
Q.A.M.?
Q.A.M.? Yes
Oh, that's a night down the hill, it's got the Rick Sanchez on the pole
Yeah, I had a little bit of it
That was funny, he mentioned it because I actually saw Rick and he said he had an accident last night
And that's why I changed the channel real fast
I'm certainly not seeing news network and I flipped around on the channel that's when I thought imaginary heroes again
Not everybody can be a hero
Right
Now maybe you can explain something to me, do my best
Because I watched it movie 3-2 and a half times now, but I watched it
And he's got all these scars from being beaten all the time
Now we know that in the school, huh?
Bruises and what not, right?
Bruises and scars and marks
Kid in school was beaten on him
Right
And the brother too
Right
Remember when the brother says did I, we walked away and he's got his shorts on and he like pulls them down a little bit
Not too far now, uh, amel
And to cover up the bruises and the brother says did I do that? And he nods like yeah
He's getting beaten up by everybody
That's right
Well he's a little faggot, you know, that's what happens
Get outta here, when that white...
How would you say that?
You don't have like a little faggot in that movie?
Doesn't?
Get outta here
When I chicken in his mouth it looked awfully gay
That's the wrong movie
Jesus Christ
He's getting out of my head there
Yeah, well you, you that movie did job, you know what I'm saying?
Oh yeah
Yeah, he'll just leave the planet
He'll just go into orbit
He's not ready for that one
No, no, seriously, he just, he's, when the story of what you tell me is brother beat him up because he was a little faggot?
Exactly
No, his brother was a little brother, and it was under a lot of pressure
And daddy was a crazy person
And he had a wind him swimming medals in the Audi Audi Audi
And his brother obviously had some issues and everybody in the band was on every kind of drug they could find
The brother was a little wimp and, and I think the brother knew they, at least they implied
That the brother knew that he was the child of another father
Yeah, no they didn't imply that
Of course he knew it, they all know it as they told it
And he's the redhead, it's the child that, it's something he didn't have red hair
Well, thank God for that
I wouldn't know, I never would have wanted to watch it the first time
5.670560, nothing worse than Carrot Top
Count 560 and leave a rising and singing a wireless line
WDQAM pull central, hello
Yeah, I want to speak to Neil
Speaking
Hey Neil, I was one for the part, the couple for the tall
Which pull is that?
The one for the movie
Okay
Yeah, the funny one is Harold and Kumar is eventually a white castle
What?
Harold and Kumar is eventually a white castle
Yeah
And one, even though he doesn't admit he's gay
And I don't know if you like him, but in my nori report was
What's the value you think is gay and we all think he's gay?
Tom Cruise
Oh, that Tom Cruise, you're failing, oh
Okay, pal
If he comes in at a time, we'll get a lot more people to actually like the guy
Okay, thanks pal
When I was he trying to say that Tom Cruise is gay?
You're gay
Oh, no
He's in the closet with a lot of company John Provolta's in there too
Right?
Not to mention our car
What is going on?
I'm pretty calm in the closet
Yeah
Oh, man
That was great
Anybody missed out this out park episode?
I'm so glad you sent that to me
I'm really glad to hear that
The explanation of Scientology, which a lot of people don't know
Right
Yeah, that was that
And if they kept putting on the screen
And this is what scientists tell us
I don't believe it actually I believe it
Because who the hell would believe it, unless you're like, you don't like that
Exactly
It was a spaceship
Oh, I'm sorry
Yeah, he's out of this world, alright?
That Tom Cruise is just cruise out out Tom, you're not fooling nobody
You're fair, man
Got it
Somebody QAM, hello
Hello, Nia
Yes, sir
I got one for your movie, Paul
Okay
Let's try reservoir dog
Turns keep telling me don't see that
I don't think you'd like it, but why don't you watch it and let me know if I'm right
Okay
Are you the better, Ishmael, one of the two
Okay, thanks, pal
Ishmael, never saw Ishmael
Reservoir, dogs
Is that like Cobb's Hill and Rochester's at a reservoir?
5'6'7'05'60
The lilac fainted out yet, but the sun is shining
We had a little bit of snow overnight and it's already gone, is your Toronto weather report?
No snow, had some snow overnight, a little bit maybe a half an inch on gone
Aren't you excited?
No
Aren't you happy for me?
No snow, it's already the February the 7th
There's no such thing as global warming, although it is like in the 20s
Which little not too on the Toasty side, you got rid of that
Yeah, that's cool, that's nice
Was it really nice?
Yeah, I hope it went to the top
Or baby
Somebody QAM, hello
Yeah, I got one for the worst murder list
It's the worst murder, okay?
It's all relative, how about Harry Truman?
He killed a lot of people's men with an abamba, two bombas
Okay, Nagasaki and Hiroshima, baby, Harry Truman
But it says the most despicable murder, and I guess if you took the bullet in Japan, they'd probably say good old Harry
Wouldn't they?
A record, Harry Truman
Probably didn't count into that
No
In fact, maybe that woman from France, maybe she actually didn't have the operation, maybe she just...
Oh, I can't believe it
I don't want to see her, I mean rule, man
I don't want to see her
I mean rule, I'm not, oh I see
Never the last
I see, I realized that it was miraculous that they gave her a face, and that was like...
You know, speaking in French, but I got a little French, I just...
I can't handle a French, I'm sorry
You know something, that's not a bad idea, faceless French
We can be improving in Montreal, it's like that, big improvement Harry
I'll get you outside of Quebec that most of the Canadians would be very happy, they would be very happy for that right away, faceless frogs
Oh, speaking of that, don't forget Jacques Martel, be honest with Curtis to the three
Mark that down in New County, you don't want to be listening then
I'm sure you won't be, does that mean QAM, hello?
Hey Neil
Yes sir
You know, Godfather's the obvious one, but I found my first one
That's why I said the other than the Godfather, that's where I said beside
Right, Fargo, every time Fargo doesn't matter what part of that movie is
I can't believe it, I agree
I want to say one other thing, I think you're right
Can I just say one thing?
Oh yes sir
Oh, he's a little guy, I can't even look at him
And QAM blew it by not putting Bob and Tom on instead of messing with Howard, that would have been perfect
Yeah, that's right, I kept telling him that, and whatever I tell him they do the opposite
If they put him on, Mad Dog will still be on after me and Hank would be in the afternoon
And everything would be great, we'd be kicking ass
But they still haven't got a morning show now because they don't know where they won't listen to anybody
And you want to know why they don't want to put them on because they don't do sports
You know, Howard doesn't do sports either, but they put him on and practically lost the license
Bob and Tom would loosen their license
And Bob and Tom still do sports, kind of the national level now and then
And it's a shame because I get Bob and Tom like north of commercial on a good day
Right
But it's like it's missing me, I mean, they'd be a great market down there, you know
Anyway, have a great day, Bob
Makes too much sense for us, Pally, have a great life
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound 5, 6, the Verizon, Singular Wireless Line
We pull up the old Ying Yang, which of today's pop singers or groups is the worst
I'm putting that one, we're not going to much response on that
And you want to know why? What is our audience know about today's pop singers?
Right?
Right, what goes this pop today, right?
That's what I'm talking about about, you know, Buster Rhymes and Buster Move and Buster's
Bling Man and all this other crap
Buster
The East Coast rappers and the West Coast rappers and the Candy rappers and all this other garbage
Let's play that Candy Rapper song
Alright, I'll cute right up
Okay, but the one about the movies, and again I could watch the imaginary here
Is every day and you're going to say, well that's because
No, that's, I just like the whole story, I just think it's very emotional
You know?
Yeah
No, it's a good movie
It's a great movie
And the acting in there, I'm telling you she is
Because I'm trying to think of another movie I saw Stagorny Weaver and B.S.I.E. Aliens
Did you see Aliens?
Yes, of course
In fact, I saw it in the theater when it first came out
I thought it was very, very tense, death and the maiden
Yeah, where she just did a phenomenal job all the way through
And she sure as well did a phenomenal job in this movie, she was just, she was great
And in the honest, there's something interesting in that last scene
I know you're going to say he's reading all this facts up in it again
As they're walking home from the graduation ceremony where he just played
He'd think of on the piano
And his next door neighbor, his buddy, I put his hand on the shoulder and said
Oh, let's go, I need something
And they're going off to lunch and you'll notice in the back of the group
There is Vern and the sister, okay?
Right?
Remember Vern left some of the sister, Vern, they were like, poor desperate Vern, they wanted to kill himself
Right
And then you see the next door neighbors that she had the big ral with
And then there's Emil Hirsch and the guy and then there's Mommy and Daddy
See what I'm saying?
Right
Yeah
Everybody said there was a led's girlfriend, I don't love you when he ran out of there
I don't think it was just the bruises that...
No, no, no, no
I think there was more to it than that, I agree
1213
In fact, maybe he thought that she had like an ugly bruise
Well, she's not but he is
I see
When it comes to mattresses, there are a lot of gimmicks, the latest are sleep numbers
Otherwise known as air mattresses
They're only a warrantied and full for two years, they squeak, they pop
They can lose their setting during the night and they cost a fortune
If you want a high quality brand name mattress that lasts for years and years in color
We've got friends that dial a mattress and one 800 mattress
When you call that number, you'll get no run-arounds, no showroom, shenanigans, just factory-direct prices
On the best brands you know trust and love
When you call one 800 mattress, you'll choose and pull it as biggest inventory of the biggest name
See these, sir, the Simmons, King Coil, Temporate, Exturge and Foster, hew it
Already for same data-liberate prices that are lower, much lower than the so-called big name chores
stores even during their big sales
Call one 800 mattress, you can have the bed you want to live at the date and time you want it
They too are in a living window, I've been using them for years and even most of the QA amres now
Find the catch-on on, this is a smart way to shop
Call today, 1-800-MATRUS or log onto their website mattress.com
You'll be knocking on your door, no time at all whenever you want them to
1-800-MATTRES, leave off that last S because of course it stands for Savings
This is Neel Roger
This is 5-16-Q-A-S
The little currently worse than Neel Roger
Are you ready to order, sir?
Yes, I'll have the...
Q-Q-Q
This man suffers from a rare form of Tourette syndrome called G-rated Tourette
That comes with a vegetable, all try the...
Car-the-car-the-car-the-characteritum
Symptoms of G-rated Tourette syndrome include uncontrollable outbursts of euphemisms
And for an appetizer?
Shucks, Shucks, Shucks, Shrimp puppet
Unfortunately, there is no cure for G-rated Tourette's
Would you care for Sally?
Yes, the Pek, Pek, Pek, Pek
Well, Sally.
Oh, wait, you know what?
Make that a valley, valley, valley, valley, floating, floating, standing on the floor
Ok, that's one yet dark, that's the red, that's the red...
Great drought
The good news is G-rated Tourette's isn't as offensive as other forms of Tourette's
The bad news is it's a lot more annoying
And for dessert...
Oh, I'll have the...
Fudge, fudge, fudge
I'm 18 at 560, I'll bet he will.
And anyway, here's the fact that I've only
his other page coming, but he never said it.
Though, wait a minute, I think it's coming right now.
Is that the other page of this?
You're getting something that ain't for me.
Here are the onlistables in order for Morse
to not to work.
I'm getting something that's not from you.
Come on.
Maybe it's one of them ads, one of them,
a fax machine, machine ads.
Let's see what it is.
Oh, it's from you.
It's just for the movie pool and a great escape
in the natural.
You didn't tell me that?
Yeah.
Well, what does that mean?
Where are you getting a second page from?
No, no, from the other one.
I'm going to fill line up.
I'm going to propose line up.
Oh, I see.
And at the end of it, it says, here are the onlistables
in order for Morse to not to work.
And that's all you got.
Oh, yeah, that's it.
That's all you got.
Well, he got so whipped up by into a frenzy
that he forgot a second page.
And of course, it says from PES, I think you left the T off
at the end.
The natural, oh, that's not that awful of baseball movie,
is it?
With Robert Redford, yeah.
Oh, well, why you didn't watch that, did you?
I did.
Oh.
And it was good.
And it was OK.
First sports movie.
That's a movie that you would like to play over and over and over again.
I was, no, I would not.
Oh, my God.
I said it was a first sports movie.
It's really bad.
Right.
Now, what about was the one who's the kid that was in the great
Santini with Robert DuVon, and Blood Danner?
You know, he played the son.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, but I'll never take it.
And he played a pitcher in Atlanta.
Brayden's pitcher in some sports movie, and he was married to this hot chick.
And they got divorced, and they did this.
And remember that?
I bet you just saw that movie.
Not by that description.
Can't, doesn't ring a bell.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You see that?
So that most sports movies are crap other than Brian's song.
Now, that wasn't really a movie.
Now, originally, that was a TV movie, right?
That's right.
Brian's song with James Conn.
So let me put up a great 10th, he needs to figure out who that kid is.
Look at it up.
His name is Michael O'Keefe.
Michael O'Keefe, that's Elaine.
Well, look at that and do Michael O'Keefe.
Well, don't think you'll get, I mean, why?
I'm triangulating.
Well, now that wasn't what we would think of the tumor.
Tumor is in trouble.
Remember that?
No.
Yeah, you do the black kid with a, you know, that molasses.
He had the molasses on it, wagon.
And again, those red necks were beaten up.
I bet it's you make me sick.
Don't you remember that red necks?
OK.
You remember that from the great Santini?
Yeah, I remember it.
I'm sorry.
I remember it.
He's the same time here.
His buddy's name was Tumor.
Hey, he was in Cady Shack.
Cady Shack?
Yeah.
Michael O'Keefe.
He's a pretty good actor.
Well, that's not the movie I'm talking about.
What's the middle of going through the list of it here?
Well, he should have harvested his own gray lady down.
Cady Shack is a sluggish wife.
There it is.
That's what it was called, the sluggish wife.
It's a baseball movie.
It's a Neil Findham's.
I've never heard of it.
I'll be there.
Well, you don't want to see it.
Believe me.
Trust me.
There's too many bad sports movies.
They name me a really good sports movie, other than Brian's song.
Which really wasn't that good of a movie.
It was a tear-jerker book.
What was a great sports movie?
I do it.
I do it.
I do it.
I do it.
I do it.
I do it.
I do it.
I do it.
I do it.
I do it.
That was a Rocky Maristory?
Yeah.
Mostly I just guessed.
What about Rocky?
Rocky.
I like the Rockies.
Oh!
Well, I've never been out there.
They're nice.
Do you like the Rockies?
That's because you like Burgess Meredith, because he was in Batman.
That's a very good idea.
Okay, the greatest kpop in actually like Burgess Meredith on the show.
And he's dead, but that's too bad.
So anyway, I want to read this other thing.
I'll get to it.
About the lineup.
WQAM, hello.
Okay.
WQAM, hola.
Hello?
Sound like he was in the middle of lunch.
You know food yet for you guys?
No, they were skipping lunch today.
Well, after John and Baker yesterday and 4,000 pounds of food, you probably have like a
a need.
Yeah, I'm going to sit and poop it.
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Uh, food, I'd like to watch it all the time around here.
Sure.
Rounders?
Yeah, the poker movies.
That's the bad thing.
Sounds like that period of promo song, okay?
That day in the midward, no, I didn't know.
Holiday time, I always have to see Christmas vacation.
Okay, thanks, Malik.
All right.
Oh, rounders, round and time to win.
Rounder, wee, round it goes round and...
I could have sang that song just that.
Yeah, you should have.
Yeah.
But then again, I wasn't some, um, Barbara.
Some Guinea Barbara from Orbit Hillies from.
Where was he from?
He's dead by the way, and Bud Davey still pissed off about it.
Fies, maybe Bud Davey's dead too.
I'm trying to think.
Didn't we have a thing where Bud dead baby's died?
Yeah, they called the pretenders not true, I think.
I don't know.
I don't know, man.
Whatever.
I don't remember.
The fact is FYI, Joe Rose has been really bashing 790's management.
And anyone can, uh, he can't last few days.
He wants to out over there as well.
I'm hearing he hates them like poison.
He's embarrassing, humiliated to be on over there.
I think he would love to get fired.
So QM could woo him back now that there's a new program, dude.
There, no, it's not a new pro.
We got a new GM.
Forget about the program, dude.
He's close.
He called me yesterday and said, but don't remember like that.
Just leave me alone, Claire.
It's okay.
Don't bother me, no more.
Don't bother me, no more.
Oh, and he did thank me after I embarrassed him.
It would thank me for, uh, beating the station out of that pool
and making this look like, uh, fantastic and making them look stupid
across the street.
Very sincere, by the way.
Oh, no.
I don't know what I was talking about.
What?
That being said, here would be a perfect lineup for QM says PEST.
Five to seven a.m.
The big O is tolerable at that time slot.
In other words, this guy gets up around seven, 10.
Seven to 10 a.m.
Jero's available.
If not, keep the fat guy.
This is a switch to hang during Joe's commercials.
Oh, well, thank you so much.
Ten to two.
The gorilla, of course, with the sidekicks.
George, the other guy who works with you is two vanilla for me.
Would that mean Josh?
Yeah.
I'll work on, uh, what a coming chocolate.
Yeah, he had the chocolate ass.
I just haven't seen that side of it.
George, at least, stimulates the mind as clever at times.
Well, not at this particular time.
George, it's weird, but before all the senses could be,
as I could listen to your whole show, but when you were fourth by going
to stop on a change, I think you got a lot better.
It would be a step or a leg on filth for entertainment.
I think that really was a positive.
I still let it fill.
Two to four has to be courteous because Bow is too blind at this time.
I think he left off at any time.
Four to seven p.m. no brainer, mad perro.
Is that how you see dog?
Perro.
Very good.
Yeah, perro.
Perro.
That's right.
Perro.
You got to roll it.
You don't roll it.
You're saying butt.
Well, the mad butt.
Seven p.m. to let ever put Bow or anybody because I don't listen past it.
And of course, uh, uh, and then says here, the unlisted bulls in order from
worse is not worse than he never said it.
You said he get to me now?
No.
Oh, Riley, I'm sorry.
Now, that's it.
You're not right.
You're, you know, mean well, but you know, he wants to do the whole show.
He just wants to take the show over.
And again, the question is, other than Godfather, a movie you could watch is at
the end time.
Not a list of movies.
Not the 50,000 movies that since you have no life, you're going to sit and watch them all over
over again.
All I did was imaginary heroes.
That's the only one I put on there because I'm smitten with it.
Okay.
And just because you think, Amy will hurt you some little pansy.
You don't look like a pansy.
I don't know.
Kind of.
Yeah.
Well, you really think he looks like a pansy, Amy will hurt you.
Are you kidding me?
If he wouldn't have been in those two movies, I know you know those rules.
Hurty boys, but sometimes I wouldn't say he's a pretty boy.
That's the point.
He's a poofed up.
Man, he's a.
He's a scrunchie.
I see.
Oh, no.
What kind of body wash is he using these days?
Lylac.
Lylac?
Yeah.
For the squeezed.
But not with his hands.
20 cents.
Maybe his neighbor.
27 after 1 a.m.
Okay, the ice Valentine's Day is next to the day.
The last thing you want to do is spend the weekend shopping.
So here's what you do.
Send a pajama grand.
A pajama grand is the perfect way to spoil your wife or girlfriend or boyfriend and
give them what they really want.
She'll receive the best pajama delivered in a hand box.
She'll love along with a lavender sachet.
A gift card and they do not disturb sign all free.
Send a pajama grand when he takes minutes, but you'll think you spent a month planning it.
Shop online at pajamagrand.com or call 1-800-GIV-PJs.
Find all the top brands from company to sexy.
Great path and body gifts to all the spa stuff that women just love.
Plus the packaging is so amazing you don't even have to wrap it.
They'll do it for you.
A pajama grand makes the perfect gift and best of all they'll think of you every time she sticks them on.
Women want to be pampered and is the gift that you'll both love.
Don't forget Valentine's Day delivery is guaranteed so call right now 1-800-GIV-PJs or visit pajamagrand.com right now in
some of that ancient kneel, put it in a call.
pajamagrand.com or on the your phone it's 1-800-GIV-PJs.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5-69-A-Q-F-L.
Holy true!
I shouldn't order from the spot I'm with you.
I end up with a year of adventure.
I thought of always be with you.
To stay away from the simple things that you do.
I'm sorry but I shouldn't see no signs.
No sense of a friend of mine.
You got to fake it now I've got to do.
So people wear it from a simple things to wear.
Keep away from that girl.
Hope no one's telling me what to do now.
Keep away from you.
She likes to sleep around.
Hold me...
Open your seat!
Okay.
I don't talk to a wissig any hates like poison you know what too bad right right he's
small potatoes he'll be dead someday so here's this facts again it's a follow up I don't
know why am I wasting so much time on this because to be honest with you I look at the
header and it looks suspiciously like our friend Mark but I guess not and then Mark will
probably facts and say it wasn't me only probably because it's from the OPS but I think he
means PST so some guys just learning oh sorry learning this new fangled facts from left
to oh that must not be Mark because he knows his faxes here are the unlistables in order
from worst as to not the worst gildy worst he says like listening to what nails on a chalkboard
I can't imagine why he would say that uh civic hit Rosenberg depot love bastard and the booster
says all these guys suck but gildy's like listen nails on a chalkboard that's creepy
I'm very impressed my camera here going to clear its calls that's the one
let it ride with Richard prior how's it Richard prior he's still dead yeah let it ride since
Bill and Boker the best movie ever did you see that think that says dryfist Richard
Richard prior dryfist well I no matter which one was in it I didn't see it anyway so how to
why no does a draft is I like to spelling on there actually he may have spelled it wrong but his
teeth looks like a pee as it does but I think he got a pee so you better slide it to room huh
best movie ever I don't think so first off Richard dryfist was in it it couldn't possibly
the bad night and don't give me jaws okay please don't give me no jaw I agree with you about Richard
dryfist very annoying oh and then you know the worst movie he ever made worst encounters
of the worst kind the goodbye girl oh yeah goodbye yeah good golly miss molly Richard
gravon and how about mr. opus's weenis it was okay a little contrived I didn't see it I don't think
I see you I'm not trying for you you said you liked it but you know you're like this your
holland's weenis I think you said oh can't stand him in fact I put him on the same category with
what's his name Robin Williams yeah all a Robin Williams at least at least you know
the summary do you mean value that about a hundred years ago he was a funny stand up for me before
you got tired of the act right why nice Steve Martin same thing like Jim Kerry who was very
funny for about three minutes until he made all the facial expressions he knows how to do and then
that was the end of it good Canadian boy by the way Jim Kerry so I can say for him okay let's see
Alan and I was angry Virginia Jewish guy Alan Friedman in Virginia all I can say Alan is
oh stand recover especially watch out for them ragheads man rewatchable movies pulp fiction
I don't know okay I'll put it on there I actually have tried to watch it well I mean I have seen
the whole thing and then I've tried to watch it other times to see if I just like as much as I
thought I did and I did see and I don't know if Josh will agree or disagree with this I thought
pulp fiction relatively speaking was better than reservoir dogs yeah any comment no I like the
reservoir dogs well don't be so vanilla about it now right my bad well whatever if you didn't like
pulp fiction I can't imagine I thought I'd like to keep some of you I won't like reservoir dogs
so you don't like pulp fiction I should like it better than train spotting I don't like the
Mishmidi movies man or there's no there's no toilet scenes no no no no no no no no and then
Roger Rabbit he says so the point is if he didn't like pulp fiction I like Roger Rabbit or
reservoir dogs Roger Rabbit I would Roger Rabbit was cute well was he really yeah
we're seeing Roger's rabbit was he as cute as a male Hersch you understand it's a semi-cartoon movie
yeah all right kind of like team America okay something like that that was with the
Miriam that's the part of it was actually very good movie okay I'm in the Virginia like
somebody spends a lot of time watching those over and over because I don't care leave the house
when you're a Jew and Alexandria Virginia you'll leave the house a allows Andrea I guess is like
DC right and we just probably got in there right now unless you're right winged you like a self-hating
a right winged Jew like somebody's like Miss Fudge and Savannah crowd oh brother they just twist
and turn my case these those right winged Jews oh god like a guy he used to be one of my attorneys
but isn't anymore just for like you know Piddly stuff that he used to forget every year anyway
Hollywood detective and detective for wiretaps celebrity sleuth attorney Anthony Pellicano
once hired by some of the biggest names in Hollywood was charged with illegally wiretapping a lot
of that illegal wiretapping going on these days and obtaining confidential records and performers
urine list and powerful executives and indictment on COD yesterday Anthony Pellicano but just just a
name itself it lists it well what do you think of the minute you hear that name I mean I don't know
you know I'm just saying this would you think of right see that's a stereotype it's a very ugly
stereotype it's like saying that the Muslims a lot of more like ragheads you know that's bad I
mean there might be some truth to it we like saying that people in India are like curry heads you
know it smells oh I don't know about you do you like curry uh no really dry curry sauce I can
eat on something oh man you know everybody I know hates curry I don't know what that is
the only one I ever knew who liked curry was on a squeak
among those whose privacy Pellicano was accused of reaching through wiretapping
to release the database searches were entertainers sliced along were you just talking about
Rockies absolutely I mean Gary Shandling oh god there's another one can't excuse me spilky
is Gary Shandling he I just see him and I get one of vomit you know what I mean yeah he's like a
step away from sign film I think it's like too Jewish no I'm I'm serious he's just too like a nanny
too Jewish oh Kevin Neelan and Keith Keradine as well as former New York Times reporter Bernard
Weinraub who sounds awfully Jewish too and two partners of leaving town from creative artist
agency Kevin Hovayne and Brian Lord of this is suspected Pellicano targets according to the
indictment were real estate developer Robert McGuire the late herbal life co-founder Mark Hughes
by the products and five women who accused software made an air john Gordon Jones of raping them
Pellicano 61 who's clients have included top Hollywood entertainment lawyers and executive as
well as celebrities including waiting to hear this list Tom Cruise John Fervolta and Michael Jackson
pleaded not guilty as Remy yesterday you see anything in promenade you see a common thread
yeah do it he was charged with six other individuals in a 110 counted diamond returned by a
federal grand jury last Wednesday two days before Pellicano completed a 30 month
about 30 man a prison sentence for federal firearms violations this guy's got all kinds of
series he was released last Friday from a federal prison served over the US mortals a US
magistrate yesterday ordered Pellicano to be in held without bond if convicted the former
private eye faces up to 20 years in prison on each of the rack of tearing charges against him he's
been quoted as a violent he'll never betray his high-profile former clients though the case has been
closely watched in Hollywood for signs that more powerful people might be caught up in the
several show business heavy waste events of questions from federal agents who appeared before
the grand jury conducting the probe among the paramount pictures group chairman Brad Gray universal
president Ron Meyer and veteran entertainment lawyer bird fields what if he's kind of peppy fields
or totty fields or strawberry fields one time Disney executive Michael Ovis to founder the CAA who
found himself at odds with the successors of the town agency also was questioned by investigators
for the New York Times Anthony Pellicano FBI agent searching his West Hollywood office on computer
files containing large volumes of wiretap notes in transcript as well as firearms grenades and
explosives wow even a muzzle is going to stay the whole way from him the weapons discovery
let his guilty plea on felony firearms charges in October 2003 and a two and a half year prison to
a toy so can this must match with my hand Abraham Solomon Jesus Buddha Joseph Smith
uh... yes you was of who us ski your ski while ready said Jesus your skis uses okay i know but i don't
be don't be going around calling Jesus yersky because i don't read the roger to her and then there's
to be a lot of really upset the boy i'm marching out there and uh... carrying on and waving stuff and
burning buildings down it's the roger to read so don't be told yes what does it mean
Jesus oh well your skis Jesus Christ that's right the sarcastic term it's it's like uh talking
about uh... silly as glam it's the same thing all o'glam by itself just means
gentiles that's all didn't have to be the problem you need to be in the
rogatory the yes you were absolutely i'm sorry absolutely there you go
hey listen i pick on all of mokay all the get skis the Jewish get skis the
glacier get skis the muslim gets you slightly especially out of control over
the top over the top boys okay cut the comedy cut the crap okay with his
contrive all they're looking to stir up the crap okay just looking for another
can be the excuse to act like a bunch of a vile animals like my grandmother used to say
vile animals your behavior is vile okay and it's given me a pile
god well what is this there's still doing the funeral here for Christ's who did
moh rose of parks pat robert's inner uh... corretta scott king uh well i mean how
long is this go on how much time you got it
she is this christ i'm sorry yes christ joshky what would you have would w w j t
what would you think
okay it's a little bit of a pass the break seventeen to uh... one we got
courtesy to mad dog at four panther pv6 30 panthers at the captain seven
well if they can't be the girls team and indicate ten o'clock tonight the same
girls team that be the least for one last Friday okay guys valentine's days next
two days lasting one to spend a weekend at the mall i got three words for you
Vermont teddy bear co-owner bear counselors one eight hundred eight two nine
bear and they'll help you choose the perfect bear for your wife or girlfriend or
they'll deliver right on valentines day with three chocolate and a gift card in their famous box
ask about the love banded bear the lover boy bear the mad about you bear or the rare
they brand new red hot redneck for about the price of a dozen roses that'll be wilted and dead
in just a couple of hours you'll be giving her something she'll love forever should be
clean into it and the bear to for montetti bears are the only bears handmade in america and guaranteed
for life and best of all so think of you every time she hugs her bear make this the best valentines
day ever with a gift you love it always remember call one eight hundred eight two nine bear
or shop online at vermontetti bear dot com today send a creative alternative to flowers valentines
day delivery is guadantine insurance on that needle to it in call in shop online vermontetti bear dot
com or better yet call one eight hundred eight two nine b-e-a-r this is Neil Rogers this is five sixty two
eight
talk radio i've heard my life was on w-r-d
i was right on the train to all some Texas
oh where the very lovely lady said next to my
you
what you got to think
yes to buy one whole first sight i was more than happy to
and now there's more i'd like you to
i want to kiss her but
welcome she won't let me
i want to whisper sweet nothing's in her ear
i want to hold her behind closed doors and more
i want to kiss her but she won't let me
when she returned she said she was an actress
she showed me an album of pictures of her opening
what she fans says now she's made the sweetest she could be
but i was clear listening she was the time it hurt
so
welcome
all right
i want to hold her behind closed doors and more
i want to kiss her but she won't let me
well i'll never forget the train runs down to all season
we're shared as late and we shared our tales
but as my heart flies to leave her behind
regrets are all i find because i hope that you're dead
in the end
i want to kiss her but she won't let me
i want to whisper sweet nothing's in her ear
i want to hold her behind closed doors and more
i want to kiss her but
i want to kiss her but
i want to kiss her but she won't let me
welcome
help it damn you're killed
it's 11 before 1 at 5 60 w q a m that's where you are baby q a m got it
mark it down on your arm on your each cheek
welcome it's it
when to hear this you're going to like fall off your cheek
better strap it
oh you would be surprised
yeah we got to we got a Nazi government
i wonder i think the Democratic Party what they had to do is like take an hour
take two hours and buy two hours of network time and have how a dean go
on her and just scream and rant and rave like how it would be
i'll chip in
i mean the stuff that's going on now it's it's not just the the
eavesdropping and the uh wire tapping and the opening of people's mail and
and the long litany of illegal things that they're doing and all the secrecy
from the very beginning from the secret energy meetings with Kenny Boylay
and everybody that they still won't tell us who that was in them
president George w voice took a swipe at big word in a zil today
yesterday i see a proposed slashing funds to public broadcasting by more than
hundred and fifty million dollars
hundred and fifty million they can make flush that down the toilet in about a
half an hour on their pork barrel bull crap
on pork and i got news for the orthodox a too happy about it
and either are the uh muslims
and the president's two thousand seven budget see they stole that from the
Jews for christ's sake you know for yoshe sake
just like they the Catholic stole the uh beanies
can't you guys come up with something original you would not go busy killing
people don't like that both of these and the Jews were killing people
they came up with their own headgear
and the president's two thousand seven budget requests funding for the
corporation for public broadcasting will be cut by fifty three and a half
million next year and fifty million moe in two thousand eight no mo
those cuts don't reflect others made in funding at the education and commerce
departments and the elimination of specific programs for digital tv
conversion and satellite delivery system public broadcasting officials that
made the entire budget caught a cuts run a hundred and fifty seven million
over the two year period
oscar the grouch has been friendled in the sesame street characters and
president bush who is chosen to make huge cuts to children's tv
programs said representative Edward Markey of Massachusetts
in a world of fast and furious tv with ratings driven content
the public broadcasting system represents the last stronghold of quality
child-oriented programming we owe this to america's children he said
the constant public broadcasting are part of an attempt by the white house to
reduce the country's red ink oh yeah as the administration seeks more money
for the military and seeks to make bush's first-term tax cuts
permit for the rich i mean you stop and think about this you want to swoon
can't afford the you know the rich to be paying more taxes no more but we
got a cut money from a pbs because there's a bunch of liberal bastards
attempts by conservative republicans to cut see a corporation for public
broadcasting funds are nothing new many conservatives view the public broadcasting
as a bastion of liberalism while there've been attempts to make cuts the
service has wide support in congress from republicans and democrats who like
its dedication to public affairs and educational programming
last year an overwhelming majority in congress voted to be store cuts
proposed by the administration this year those cuts go even deeper and could
be more difficult to win the fight in congress had john loss in president and
c-e of the association of pv television stations
we've dealt with cuts in this white house every year but these are the deep
as these ever presented lost and said we see a clear and present danger here
it took an advertising campaign from public tv to mobilize the services
supporters something that might not be as effective the second time around
he said this is a tough environment of washing right now we're competing with
other priorities lost and said if you don't make your case you lose we won
last year but only after we asked the station to go on the internet communities
what was happening it's an effort we won't for a close but if you do that every
year it loses its effectiveness we're going to try to win this one on the ground
how do you like that they got them down on the ground down on the
heck of a job by the way it's Mickey Brown or is that Alan T Brown i'm
sir all the browns all the time five six seven oh five sixty do you have any
idea what i was just talking about no tbs baby cuttin and slash him you only
people have to be allowed to be on here as early animal as an adena and the
pat robertson twenty four seven the assassination of the hour
have they showed that cartoon remember that one yesterday they showed on here
that robertson sure i don't see any of the even even the fanatical southern
factors i don't see them screaming they're not killing anybody yet
maybe a few more right there they're they're a whining about it they always
want they're they whining about it yeah yeah whether that's fine you can
whine all you want yeah something offends you whine about it yeah
but don't go running around burgeon places down and killing people out of the
excuse that you're offended too freaking bad you're offended okay
i think someone needs to teach them and rank heads a lesson
right now you know what i'm saying let's get somebody let's get hairy
Truman back he's not going to mess around saying all our troops over there to
get killed he'll just to teach a quick lesson and then they'll say oh yeah
that means did we put Truman on our pool that we did yeah we did
and all of a sudden they'll be real friendly and real sub-surveyent
hairy Truman is he got votes on here i don't see him always got a vote probably
the guy called it in probably some guy says oh we should let all those
americans be killed instead of you know bringing those jacks to their knees
you don't see that hero hito and fading for harbor anymore do you
already lost now i mean just because you're selling all them damn cars
who is the most despicable murderer of all time and by the way how's that
sales chick coming to when i came into that thing gave me the big song to dance
but a beat but a beat but a beat remember that which uh which one and what
we want to talk about it i don't know i had something to do with cars remember
that yeah march first you were told oh okay well i'm glad you're right in
these things down on your wrist i didn't it was kind of a token
momento who is the most despicable murderer of all time Hitler 444
lovely mustache and the world looked the other way because the world didn't
give a damn about the Jews and the gypsies and the fags or anybody else all they
cared about was their own ass then when they were on assdurgin like you know
when he started bombing like uh it's London and when he went into Russia
which was a bad mistake and then all of a sudden he decided to even maybe
thinking about coming over here and we said oh we better not do that in the
mall and so Roosevelt got the warning about Pearl Harbor and he kind of like oh
that's convenience kind of like like 9-11 you know
same thing very convenient and so we sat back and we let them bomb Pearl Harbor
and we said oh we're gonna go to war with him and at the same time because
because it's convenient we'll go to war with Germany too how's that okay we'll
take it worked out fine a lot of dead people though
Hitler 444 George W. Bush 21 speaking of a lot of dead people oh my god
they're dying like it's four more american soldiers today in Iraq
every day they're just numbers out of sheet of paper and you have to even look hard
not to find them because the media has decided well and they've been news no more
you know who cares small potatoes
Stalin 93 and I love in Saudi hijackers 75 Susan Smith 42
Osama Yamama 39 Tim McVeigh 29 OJ Simpson 27 Paul Pot 26 kill over a million
people in Cambodia over a million and he's only got 26 votes
Piker what we don't care about them Cambodia is anyway do we?
no no uh and we age 25 Jeffrey Dommer 9 Lee Harvey Oswald 8 Charles Manson 8
headbunday 8 4 for a Jim Jones and his cool 8 John Wayne Gacy 4
or can you imagine that stench Joseph Mangalow 3 Jack Ruby 3 Lieutenant William
Callie 2 like Greg Reed used to say me lie Jack the Ripper 2 Leopold and
Loeb 2 one for Harry Truman Jedwell Sherman
uh Eric Harris and Dylan Clea Claude Cleveland one
Dennis Raider one Eric Lauman and his one bad hair piece James
Inter are James Earl Ray Jones one David Birker with one
Non-Falizzy Gordon Charles women Charles Ing
I mean Warnos Albert Gisalvo Ed Geen Marshall Apple White John Mohamed the
sniper guy Richard Ramirez Richard Speck Gary Gilmore and Sir Hans Sir Hans
out of 1134 votes you notice we got past 1100 and they've even mentioned
1000 oh what that's a kind of big moment and we got now we got the big
Mo go now baby I'm saying so who would you rather have back Mo or Joe Mo Joe
can we have both do we have shoes yeah when you're shopping for shoes
shoes comfort and then is what it's all about so head over to Brandon shoes
that the most comfortable fit in your favorite style of shoes you're going to love
Brandon's it'll be behind your shoes there all the time because they've got that
unbeatable combination when it comes to comfort style fit and value price
they're unbeatable and Brandy's doesn't carry off brand shoes either only the
top brands every major brand ever invented something I haven't been
invented yet they got them rock port floor chime echo new balance mafisto
s a s and lots more and the professional shoe fitters including our friend
Arnie will make damn sure you get the perfect fit of the right price when you
take your feet to Brandy's Brandy's even specializes in wide wits for
those who fat people out there with big wide fat ones
Brandy's worth the trip from any place in town you'll find them at 1290
North Federal Highway in Pompodo Beach Brandy's open every single day
Monday through Saturday till nine and every Sunday till five and this week is a
great time to buy essay issues at Brandy's take 20 to 40 bucks off the retail price
of all great men's and women's styles so be sure and get your
rancid into Brandy's this week or do your shoe shopping what on your
rancid on their website at Brandy's shoes dot com
this is me Roger this is 5.62.8
okay I was in the car about a half an hour go listening to you
first of all Nick Carter has more talent in his right code than you will ever
have and he's not a pineapple head you stupid fat bag it
oh forgot the message it's the one or two hour by the way and we forget to mention
yeah that's one or two hour
yeah
uh
we
Our biggest fans are smell of your old girls
Who think we're as cute as we be
As we get older they all figure out
We're hiding our latency
One thing is for sure we get
Many joy to see you
While some girls on the delicate side grow
Want to do a bunch of shit with your smile
But today we think that we are better saved
We swear we're not gay
You're fairing
I swear we're laughing
I'm so little girls and young females
I'm 10 to 50
Always falling in love with the round
It's kind of like a Linsamio syndrome
Always wanting the unobtainable
5.670560
I think we're going to do the movie thing tomorrow
Today for tomorrow
Later on in the evening
Like in the foreseeable future
I'll do that Godfather
A movie that you can watch as Zidian times
I'm talking about like no matter when it comes on TV
You can't turn it off and you just keep watching
And watching because you just love it
You're immersed in it
There's your present again by the way with this photo
Off of the day at the funeral
There are more than a safe home
Oh God
I must be talking about them poor slivers from the Orleans again
How do I talk to people that have no home
What a heartless, miserable, right-wing, fashist bastard
That's all I can say
And that's the good stuff I can say about your present
Okay?
Man
Other than Godfather
A movie that you can watch as Zidian times
Here's what we have on list so far
Fargo
Imaginary heroes
I think I'll watch you again
I'm going to go out and give me a copy of it
Imaginary heroes
Fargo
I got Fargo
All send your imaginary heroes back
I can make a copy
Keep my copy and send you the original
What do you mean send it to me back?
I never send it to you
I had Amazon.com send it to you
Well that's what I mean
Oh
Okay
I'd like to have my own copy
So it's like real nice and crisp and clear you know
That's right
The crisp and queer
Why do you say such crap?
You know, you would know Emil Hersh from Sunnyhurst
I saw that much boy at least as much of a design
Well that's a movie
It's just a movie
It's because he was...
I don't know anything about him personally
Well there you go
Maybe he's getting more ass than you'll ever get
Well, I'm sorry
I'm sorry, okay
Moving along
Hahaha
Oh
I sure fell into that one
Oops, wouldn't be the first part
Heat, Wizard of Oz, Joe Dirt
Blazing Saddles, my cousin Vinnie
I mean, I'm reading this list and out
You know, to reach his own
We're asking your opinion
Plains, trains and automobiles
Well that's Steve Schmach-Mendrick
Steve Martin, John Gaffer
Martin?
Yeah
I saw it
Yeah, I saw it
That was okay
West Side Story
Minority Report
Reservoir Dogs
Or that Reserveer Dogs
The Great Escape
The Natural
Oh Robert Redford Movie
Rounders, Letter Ride
Pulp Fiction or Roger Rabbit
That was the guy's name at Passion Roger
Roger?
Yeah
Remember that?
Yes
I'll think of his last name
Evil, Evil One
Who was always going to email me this
And email me
I'll email you a mom, okay Roger?
Whatever his name was
You know who I mean?
Not Roger Dirt
Not Roger Dirt
God, Evil, Evil Do
Another one, Incorporate to Jackass
Is Tyden Hollywood, Chronic
Kevin Hurn from Tyden Long Time, okay?
Aaron Miracca is currently running
Al Franken and Jim Rohn simultaneously
And nobody is picking up the data-broward numbers for INZ
Is this clear channel trying to get a new format?
They still suck and so does what I love to do
It's just Tyden
Let me see if I can read that again
Aaron Miracca is currently running Al Franken and Jim Rohn simultaneously
And nobody is picking up the data-broward numbers for our WINZ
What does that mean?
I don't understand what that means
What part?
Oh, in other words, I guess what he's saying is they're calling in
Well, what are you doing listening over there anyway, Todd?
Huh?
Huh?
Call them and they're trying to help them out
Don't call, let them continue
Maybe they're trying to let us think they can combine those two shows
They can get a number and get about a three
Yeah, double the chance
Al Franken get about a point nine and Roman get about a one-one
Like I said, get a two
What's it to you?
5670560
I guarantee you Al Franken don't take stupid polls on his show
And he sure as hell don't have no audience here
Dominic QA and hello
Hey, Neil, how are you?
All right
Got a couple for the two different polls
Yep
One is Spartacus
Okay
And the Spartacus
With Tony Curtis and the Spartacus
Yeah, I am Spartacus
And the other would be Ariel Sharon for the murder
Oh, good choice
And by the way, how's he doing lately?
He's a vegetable
I hope it's kosher, okay, thanks
Okay, bye
Are they not in kosher vegetables?
I don't think so
Okay
Trifestible?
Yeah, Rootabega
I don't know
I don't know, I know that Borst is good with horse radish on it
Ooh, you ever eat Borst?
You ever eat horse radish?
Actually, it's kosher, the worst radish on Gafilta fish
And don't be telling Josh not to eat Gafilta fish
Although it's really, you like to show it's kind of tasteless
But what I told you
Look at Ariel Sharon on there, but is it interesting that we hear absolutely nothing?
Zero!
Nothing!
This guy could have been dead for the last month, for all we know, and possibly, you know
How do you like that?
I mean, talk about conspicuous bias
Absence is a little bit, does this strike you a little bit strange?
And on the first, the first few days thereafter, the second massive stroke
We're hearing about a beep, but just like, yes, I'm a fart
We weren't hearing anything at all, he was dead, he wasn't dead, all kinds of...
Oh, completely reports, all kinds of stories out there on the street
And Clements, and the son he was saying, who said that?
If we lose the old man, who said that?
Or that was Robert Dubal?
Yeah
Yeah
So that, if we lose the old man, that's what George is saying to Josh all the time
We lose the old man, or an employee
Yeah, no, you're... what are you talking about? Joe Bell loves you
He says you're adequate
Well, I'll take it
Which is an improvement over the previous stuff up
The previous guy said you were unadequated, which isn't even the right grammar
WQAM, hello
Hi, Neil
Yes, ma'am
Listen, did you hear the Don Stewart died?
Who?
Don Stewart, he played my power
Don Stewart, oh Don Stewart
Yeah, Don Stewart
I played my dance Stewart, dance it
Oh, we're fine
Wow, isn't that a shame, you know, he's only 110 years old
Maybe that's why he wasn't into power picnic this summer
That's a bummer
Yeah
And whatever happened to fill up
Whatever happened to fill up that was supposed to be still live, was supposed to forget about it, huh?
He refused to come back on the show
Was that what it was?
Yeah
Well, are you kidding me?
He got it right
So in other words, they give us this funny storyline, and they set up this whole funny marriage between Beth and Alan
Based on Philip is going to get through on it, and all of a sudden he is going back on the show, we'll screw him
Right, they thought they'd bring him back, but he refused to come back
Look like he had the skin pulled over him, the bones on his face, he was so gone
Okay, thanks
All right, bye
Thanks for the bad news
Don Stewart is dead, he played my power in a guiding life for him to the years
And every year he'd come back on the show for like one day
Christmas time, you know, maybe Papa Bauer and Bert Bauer coming back too
Remember all the powers?
Hank Bauer, Johnny Bauer?
Steve Garner's Sauer, Stephen Bauer and Michelle Bauer from the movie
Yes, Stephen Bauer, my buddy, what was the movie? He was in my tour today, he was a...what was that movie?
Oh, that's the one he just saw, isn't it?
What was he in sleepers?
Which one?
The one that he just saw with Edward Norton, the one I just sent you
Oh, he wasn't that
Yeah, he was a good actor
Right, he was kind of like his small time principal, a friend of mine
He was a primal fear, he was in there, Stephen Bauer
He's got, he's a pretty good actor, he's got a lot to cry about him, but he's a good actor
He's had his issues, but then again, who hasn't?
Let's see, Dumb and Dumber and Jurassic Park and Jaws
There's just too many movies on here, so I'm just going to show the whole thing away from iodine
No, that's seriously, give us one, maybe I'll get you to catch a little slack,
Roberta Flack can give you two, but not a list of every movie that was ever made
Jesus Christ, I'm sorry, I just don't buy that
There just aren't that many movies that I want to say, I mean, there are a few
But over and over, I don't think they understand the magnitude of this
Like if imaginary heroes was on every night, I'd watch it every day
For a while, and of course, I'd start puking from it
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, well, you didn't like it quite that much, no that quite
But I just, I don't know, I just thought it was, and you're always, like I said,
you're always complaining about Lausie endings, and had a granted, it was a therapy ending, but an end read, okay?
Because they're not at last, but there are other questions that we have
They're at least an I'm thinking about, like maybe what happened after that, you know?
Well, that's not so much of a question, is you just wanted to keep going
Yeah, I sure do, I want to see what's going on
Where it goes, yeah
Yeah, I know exactly where that one's going, where it's ending up
Ha ha ha
12 minutes after one, hey, listen, you're the guy that sent me a bear-back cowboy
I'm not sure I can't wait talking to him in a day
I don't know if I want to watch that
Oh, you have to, you have to
For the sake of the guy who was in Donnie Dark when he died in the end, so to speak
But it's well, maybe I'll send you Donnie Dark, will I? God, did you want it?
Yeah, I'll ship it out to you, I got it right in the other room I've seen it, it's a very good movie
Just because Josh has all been out of shape that he ruined the ending for everybody he dies
I mean, isn't that what the whole movie is leading up to anyway, that he's supposed to die?
I don't care that you ruined it anyway
Not really
It's not? No
Well, he keeps thinking that though
We don't want to let him down
And in Jake Killinghall's case, maybe he should have died before he got to, you know, before he was kind of bottomed out
If you point that expression
Right, Tom
That's what the George told me, and that coin is supposed to see he's ledger to me
I still say I don't get it, I don't know what the deal is, I'm sure he's a good actor
That what did I see him in, I saw him in somewhere
What was he in?
Oh, Monster's ball ball
Yeah, he was fine in that movie
He was fine, I mean, he didn't have like the major role in that movie, but he was fine, he did okay
But that's what he impresses me as he's like not like a great leading actor
And they're making such a big fuss about him
That's the tale of there's a, we need great dearth of, you know, you got your Jude Law
And who else? I mean, you know, Matt Damon, hey Matt, you're fair
And what else?
Great things
Like I said, rest my case
Do not, I beg you
Do not see, I mean, that movie got so much hype and it got all the awards
The constant gardener, you'll have a constant adjunct on your puppet
Really, when you see that, I'll pass
El Paso, believe me, he is just so boring
113 at 560 WQM, I've been telling you by dry concept for a very, very long time
And I've used him myself for over 20 years in a variety of joints and they're the best
And right now I encourage you to take advantage
Dry concept's maintenance contract that provide you with a 10% discount on all dry concept services
Including their one-of-a-kind carpet cleaning, leather drapey or rental work cleaning
They also specialize in pet-ordered treatments, ceramic tile and grout cleaning, mattress cleaning,
The sacred vibe of those dust mites and lots more
And during this month, during February, dry concept's got a special offer for you on a pulse reclinning
Don't replace your furniture just because it's soiled, let dry concept's rejuvenate your furniture
Just a fraction of cost of replacing it or re-appulsoring it
All of the dry concept technicians are specially trained, they really know their stuff to give you the best possible service
And they always give you a written guarantee price up front before they start the job
No scams, no repost, no disappointment at the end of the job
So don't be fooled by the imitators, you made a big investment in the redecorating your home now it's time to protect that investment
Call dry concept's 2-day toll-free and daydryer to the Palm Beach's 1-800-248-5071
And don't forget the February special of Pulsery cleaning
1-800-248-5071 around the worldwide wicked web log on to dryconcepts.com
This is Neil Rogers, next is 5.69 A.S
George Bush doesn't care about black people
Don't you do it?
If anybody has a opinion, they're sending from our way
We'll pay your name into the system, and enemy of the state
Don't even bother to question, just follow what you say
Everybody's sending flags, access to SD, in the active Adrian, they're washing all of you
Everyone's a citizen, so why should you do this?
This is deportation, and are you right?
Let's move this, in whose fatherlandation, access USA
Yes, I'd hate those Jews, and Clinton's Ibaros Jews
Believe everything we can, and the state run news
Bloodworn for torment, fill up your heads today
A roof and chainy bush venue, access USA
We don't like to see our job flow, but by the time of his war
We're fascinated by jail, no reason or stupid war
All the war is crazy, the tax of American way
Everybody's turning five years, like a USA
One 19 a.Q.A.M. I don't know why he's sending to those iodine factors
From wherever that person is named iodine
Yeah
Because it burns man, burns my ass
That says Indy
Well, whatever the hell it says, I don't know what it says, but you know, they keep adding to the list
Here's another iodine, whatever, I'm dying from that
I'm dying over here
I'm writing a more pictures show for the poor, and I see that's right up the alley, because there are a lot of people because it's a cult classic
Well, it's a thing to do, not a thing to watch
And well, I may be the throught to make this a TV screen, how do you know?
You don't watch it on TV
You can, but that's not how it's done
It's not part of the routine
You gotta go there, no friend, lice in your hair
Dutch Prime Minister calls for global calm
Did I say ducts or Danish? Did I say Dutch?
Did you say Dutch?
No, men, Danish, same difference, not
Denmark's Prime Minister on Tuesday called protest over drawings that they profit my hammered a global crisis and appeal for calm
Calm down, you maniacs
We're now facing a growing global crisis under his foot, Rosmussen said
It found something else than drawings in Jalens Posten
The Jalens Posten, a Danish newspaper, first published a drawings that has sparked violent protest in Muslim countries worldwide
They've since been reprinted and medi-round the world
And the Muslims are just rattling their spears and yanking their burkas
Demonstrators in Afghanistan today clax with NATO forces and three protestors were killed
Now it's become an international political matter, he said, I urge common steadiness
Outrage Muslim demonstrators who said, fairly Danish embassies in Syria and Lebanon have held chaotic protests elsewhere
The demand of the Danish government of Pologize for the cartoon, which Ireland's Posten printed way back in September
This is the middle of February already and it just got around to stirring everybody up
But if all Rosmussen statements indicated that Denmark is not contemplating changing, it's strategy for responding to these spiraling tensions
Rosmussen insisted that Denmark's press freedom culture means the government cannot apologize for what an independent newspaper does
In other words, they don't have government-controlled newspapers, unlike in the USA, government-controlled media
The newspapers apologize for any offense caused to Muslims but as defendants printing of the drawings as legitimate exercise and freedom of expression
The drawings, including one depicting the proper wearing of turban-shaped as a bomb, have touched Iran nerve in part
Because Islam has interpreted it forbid any illustrations of the Prophet Muhammad for freedom to lead to idolatry
Or is that adultery?
We appeal the Muslims around the world to look beyond the headlines of the rhetoric for Mr. Per Stigmour
who said alongside Fog Rosmussen
Earlier the Foreign Ministry said the Danish embassy in Jakarta didn't need to be temporarily closed because it appears it would be storm-dited
Niels Erich Anderson, I wonder if he's going to hand Christian Anderson, you think?
I'll put it
Denmark's ambassador, hands down, he gets the job
Denmark's ambassador, Indonesia said Muslims were starting to need to have been burning Danish flags and effigies at Fog Rosmussen
How do you like that?
Talk about making a big simous about nothing
Partunes came out in September that makes it even more ludicrous
You know, I read that, remind me to read it again tomorrow
That's what the best things I've ever read in my life
And if you had told me I would be reading the Christian or Hitchens call, huh?
You'd be both
The case for mocking religion, I just emailed it to Erich, to a Joshua, both
We ought to put that on here, keep it on here because, boy, there's for all of his other failings, I believe he's got many of them
He makes me want to borrow most of the time
But boy, you talk about somebody who came out and told it exactly like it is
All you, haven't I told you that's what the world is all about today? It's religious phonetics against the rest of us
Leave us alone, they won't do it
They're just dragging us down to the gutter of stupidity with them
While of course a whole bunch of other lunatics are busy trying to squeeze every dime I can out of our ass
But we're going to be exploring those alternative forms of energy
And we're going to begin away from that dependence on Middle Eastern oil
Right, right
Who the hell are you kidding?
Band-Afford easy-ex so there'll be sold in stores
A new soda promising to sexually arise the person drinking it
Will soon be available in stores nationwide
The drink called Turnon is made with Guarana, Jinsing and Caffeine
The soda was banned in France and Denmark see what a bunch of trouble makers there
But makers insisted safe and worse isn't an afford easy act
People who have tested the soda said it tastes like cherry soda
Mmm, see a little something the subliminal there?
I get it
We watched the film and then afterward I felt like my senses were more like Turnon
I looked at the feel more, I felt more on my skin at the tester said
Maybe they got an ass, maybe they got like rats or skates
That could be it
Doctors have already warned that the drink is not for everybody
Children pregnant women and people with high blood pressure and diabetes should avoid the drink quarterly for it
It's probably over to its sugar
A warning label on the can claims this beverage will arouse you
I think Tom Cruise has the same warning label on his can
Turnon is sold online for three and a half bucks a can
Will soon be available in stores
Got the idea
I don't like that Turnon be watching for it
Just like that Jolt soda you know that they make the Rochester right across the lake
That's the thing
That's the stuff that the suds was drinking wasn't it?
Mmm-hmm
By the gallon
Sure
I wonder he's always whipped up
W.A.C.Y.N. Hello
Q.A.M. Yes
Yeah
Hey, don't watch Resort Dog
It was okay, you're not going to like it
That's what George keeps telling me I would hate it
Yeah, if I'd ever saw it, it would have been a little bit guilty
Okay
Is it ironic that the people who are who was responsible for 9-11
Which is the Bush administration
Perhaps they're really doing nothing
When they had warnings that we were going to get attacked
Who's questioning these hatreds and who love that average American citizens
And isn't it really interesting since they've told us about the Great War on terror that they're fighting
That all these drag hits from who bombed the U.S.S. School
Just escaped in Yemen the other day, how do you like that?
So they're going to have a bunch of al-Kaeda in the world
Yeah, yeah
How did they let them out? How come they're still alive
And they're going to a great job of protecting us against these slime balls in the world
And they can't even keep them behind bars for quite for Yarsby's sake
Yeah, because they're all in it
Okay
They're all in bed together, baby
It's one, they're like, I told you, like Josh's favorite movie
The world is a business Mr. Beale
Everybody should be forced to watch that scene including Josh Kordes
Who just don't even understand what that seems all about
When you're making the kind of money he has
When he's starting into finance that's beyond his scope
He can't even afford a bottle of scope
Try that orange-listering man's good stuff
You tell me you're using it?
Yeah, that's Henry
Boy, that's the tangerine for a real queen man
That is the best I've seen
Oh man, it's a little on the mean side but leave it to listerine
No seriously, you can't switch it around and you're about too long
Can you?
Yeah, I can't, I'm used to it
Really?
Yeah
He's an excellent swine
Boy, I'll tell you I can get Jewish just wild now
But I'll pass
Don't do it
And Josh
27 way
Oh, I will
27 after 1 to 560 WNK
Curtis for the slot, for the most slot
Between two and four
And Jacques Martin, the coach of your Florida Panthers,
That's three o'clock because it goes with the territory
We have to give him some time
And you know, and they got, the Panthers got some inventory
Remember the day that Muff told us that they got some inventory?
Yeah
You know, when we start selling some real spots on the station
Then it'll be really exciting
If you're going to did a good job, if you're underpaid,
If you're new years' resolution, you get out of that rut
And you get you a new high-paying career
Then make it a reality by acting out by picking up that phone
And calling fast train to a free at 1-866 fast train
They can get you a new high-paying career in just a few short months
They can give you a life
The demand for medical coding specialist and computer professionals
Right now as I speak is at an all-time high
And fast train offers convenient day, evening weekend classes
Job placement assistance financially for people to qualify
So pick up the phone right now and make a call that can really change your life
Call fast train at 866 fast train
They placed over 100 people just like you in 2005
Check fast train on the web fast train.com
But be sure and do it fast because classes are filling up really quickly
So almost a train of opportunity this year
Hop aboard and change your life with a real career
And a big fat paycheck that goes along with it
And got only knows what else
Make that new years' resolution by making that one easy call
And be sure and tell them the Todd Direct or did it call
1-866 fast train
This is Neil Rogers
Oh, this is 5.62 AF
Live in Chicago
Oprah
I've been in television since I was 19 years old
And I have never been in this position
I feel good
As you may have heard
Excuse me, hello Oprah?
Yes
Yeah, this is Steadman. I'm calling it on your show
From New York
And I wanted to tell you that I've lied to you too
I know we've been together for several years
But I'm actually married to somebody else
Oh no
I'm really sorry
But
I gotta go
Oh my god, Oprah
I lied to you
Unbelievable
I know
Of all people you think you could trust your gynecologist
Why would you lie?
Oprah, you're a man
Oh no
I'm so sorry
Oh, and you should kick your prostate check now
We'll write that
And the history of human race never has any creature
Male, female or indifferent
Made more money with less talent than that bitch
It just, yeah, grinds my ass
I don't really like anybody
Even Bill Gates, Donald Trump, people that we know
Steinbrenner
I don't be grudged, you know, I mean I like some of those people
But, yeah, they made the money
Ted Turner, whatever
But in her case, I'm like an exception
Because she thinks her stuff don't stink, man
And the woman that she's got brainwashed
That's not, the mother was like a mother religion
See, let me just say this about the Muslims
What they've done is they've taken the Catholics
And they've multiplied times a hundred
In other words, they've done a much better job
Of brainwashing their people
And the reason they can do it is because the Saudi invented
And then Paki continued
Madrasa business where they take the end
And you see them, you see the eclipse of the kids in their schools
And they're sitting in their dovetrain
But it'd be pitiful
And that's all they learn
That's all they learn
It's religious for that
It's when we hate the Jews
And anybody west of India
And that we don't like them either
And it's insanity
Madness
Brainwashing
And brainwashing
And these people are just full of hate
And just like in the God of them, remember we said they hit us?
We got to hit them back?
I said before they get us, we got to get them
That's all
That's what I'm picking
First, very true, when we needed them
So they're all this pussy footing around and I rack
People of Iraq are not the enemy, okay?
Although they're still there now, thanks to us, thanks to your president
So hotbed for lunatics
Just exactly like it was predicted in the Democrats about Alzheimer's
They got CA, can be those timers
And they went around and went and went and went
And it's pathetic
Even on the right-wing websites they're talking about how pathetic it is
Like on this wiretapping business
And a couple, you know, there were a few people yesterday
Like they're digging at the Hurray Village, Asia, Jr., there
Alberto V. O. V. O. 5
But I mean, and then what?
Then what? What happens afterwards?
All the hearings, all the committees, all the time
It just like the 9-11 commission
And every time we turn around, the New Orleans commission, the Katrina commission, the chocolate commission
And yeah, after this is all done, what happens?
Anything? No
And then we move on to some other crap
Like his business with the taking more funding away from PBS
They won't be happy until we have the Heinrich Himmler Hour in Pat Robertson
Are the only shows we can watch 24-7
With an occasion with a daily guest appearance, a photo op by your...
A viewer
There ought to be a major viewer about it, you know?
And there's not
But how about those theaters? We won the Super Bowl, there you go
Who is the most despicable murder of all time?
We got 1,1224 votes. Aren't you amazed at that?
Amazing
Just kind of slid right in there, we slud
Like Disney would say we slud at a third
Hitler 474, no doubt
Well, maybe there is some doubt
Because Bush ain't just getting started now
George W. 299, a very respectable, I would say even Brock Sallie
Second showing
Stalin 97, 9-11 Saudi hijackers 82
Susan Smith 46, Osama bin Laden 41
Paul Pot 31 who don't have a pot to a kiss in now
O.J. and Tim McVeigh of each guy
About 30 men
And Reheat 25
Jeffrey Dahmer 9, Lee Harvey Oswald 9, Chuck Manson 8, Ted Bundy 8
Joseph Mangala 6
Jim Jones 4, John Wayne Gacy 4, Harry Truman 3
Jack the Ripper 3, Jack Ruby 3, who's head of William Callie 2
Dorothy Kaleve Gallant, and make a list
Dennis Raider 2, Leopold and Leib Lob 2, Lobb
As an ear
Ear Lobb, oh look how he spelled Ariel Sharon
Like a TV Ariel
Well, when you're dead it doesn't make any difference how they spell your name
I don't know if he's dead or alive and we get nothing
It's one of the great mysteries of all time
And with all the respect of Corrota Scott King
This funeral, this has been going on for two solid days now
There must be nothing else going on in the world
You know, like those four dead soldiers in Iraq
They sure killed a lot of good times
They don't have to give us the kids the real bad news
There you got it
Yeah
One for General Sherman Charles Whitman
What about Walt Whitman?
Eric Harrison Dylan Teebold, Eric Laumannindas, James Earl Ray and David Berkowitz
Each had a single only one for the son of Sam
Wonder where that is?
None for Lizzie Borden with her 40 Wax
Charles Eng, Eileen Warnos, Albert DeSalvo, the Boston Stranger
Edgene Marshall Laffelwhite, John Muhammad
Richard Ramirez, Richard Speck, Gary Gilmore and Sir Hans Surhan
Who's still trying to get out of that Tacoma none, 1230
1230, like WJNOS Palm
1975, I was WJNOS, by the way I'm getting a call today after the show from your buddy
My brother and bastard, the hero
Well my 30th anniversary in the market is coming up like in 21 days
22 whatever the hell is, it's a short month, 28 days is February and March nobody cares
And March 1st, aren't you excited about it?
Thrilled the death
I'm not
30
30, man
In fact that's what the headline of the story should be, not that he writes the headline
Or that I should be telling the hero what to write about 30, man
Wouldn't that be great headline?
That what a son several of course hasn't discovered it because little time he took his busy getting wind and dines
Till I'm sure on the West Coast
And even if he weren't you don't think the son several or anything about it anymore do you?
No, no, no how about them
So leave it to our close personal friends, I guess Kevin Baxton is about the only person that the hero that isn't in the pocket of the people across the street
So if he writes you know we're in a nice piece or even a not so nice piece about my 30 years on the earth so I'm fluttered
That'll be like a little something you know, a little something something
Which is sure more than the more assistance than we got from inside
We don't want to have it
But Clarence acknowledged yesterday when I forced him to do it
Like I said Clarence if I want you to know something if I want your build and I'll be more than happy to email you to call you to leave you a massage to do something
Don't bother me don't bug me okay?
Even if you want to talk to me because I don't want to
You think you've got the message?
No, I don't want to
Scientists tell discovery of hundreds of new species and wrote new guinea you see this story?
No, oh this is exciting
All right, laid out
So if you let me forget to read that Christopher Hitchens story again tomorrow
I won't I thought you were going to read it again today
Tomorrow
All right
No, I want to take my time. I want to read a nice and slowly. I want to like
Annunciate and elaborate and emancipate and
Irraculate and astonishing mist shrouded lost world of previously unknown and rare animals and plants high in the mountain rainforest of new guinea
Can we can we say that I'm not really sure we can even say that anymore
No, we can't say how about old guinea can we say about old guinea do what?
Oh
I can't find that thing
Where's that thing where he says I don't care. Oh, I say here it is where he says I don't care how many day go guinea what?
Grispo, gumbas come out of nowhere
Among the new species of birds frogs butterflies and palms discovered in the expedition through the pristine environment untouched by man
Was this spectacular burlapch six-wire bird of paradise? Oh the bird of paradise
Maybe moping over there and find paradise for real
The scientists are the first outsiders to see it. They can only reach the remote mountain nearby helicopter
Which they described as a kin to finding a garden of Eden most of us are looking for a garden of Eden
They're finding your garden of Eden
Don't eat that fruit, man
What I just reached, Eve is reaching for it right now. I think she's going to eat it
In a jungle camp site surrounded by giant flowers unknown plants the researchers watch rare
Bauer birds see what we're just talking about Mike Bauer and Papa Bauer and all their mother Bauer's Johnny Bauer
They watch rare Bauer birds perform elaborate courtship rituals
These surrounding forest was full of strange mammals such as tree kangaroos and spiny antiders which appeared totally unafraid suggesting no previous contact with humans
Yeah, because if they had previous comment they'd run like a contact they'd run like hell
That's funny
Bruce Bealer of the emerging group conservation international who led the month long expedition last November to Simmer said
It is as close to the garden of Eden as you're going to find on earth
We found dozens if not hundreds of new species and what is probably the most pristine ecosystem in the whole Asian Pacific region
Oh wait till the bush people find out about that. How many days before they destroy that?
About 30, man
There were so many new things it was almost overwhelming. Can you believe it?
All of these things
And we've only scratched the surface of what's there the scientists hope to return this year
The area about 300,000 hectares I have no idea how many acres that is the end of the hectares
No, I think they mean acres when they say them or no no they don't mean that
All the night
Hectares and acres I don't think are the same. What do you mean they mean? This is in the Brit
This is that British independent. Okay. Exactly. Well lies in the upper slopes of the phogeumountans in the Eastern most and least explored province of Western New Guinea which is part of Indonesia
The discoveries by the team from conservation international and the Indonesian suitah sciences will enhance the island's reputation as one of the most biodiverse on earth
The mountainous terrain has caused hundreds of distinct species to evolve often specific to small areas
To evolve sounds like that comedy plot again
Go tell us Jack S's and Kansas about that no
Evolution my ass
Wow
And then it's got a list here. Did I I think I have sympathy to the nightmare?
Yeah, do we have it on our website?
Josh pretty sure to send us out this whole discovery I'm sure I did because then it's got a list of all the new things they found birds
The red faced waddled honey eater. I got a red faced model and the breeding grounds of two birds have almost mythical status
They go in front of our bird and burlipsha six wire bird are paradise long to believe the disappeared
40 species of males, mammals including six species of free kangaroos
The rare and almost unknown long-veaked
Akitna or Spiny antider
Okay, wow all kinds of plants butterflies frogs
I don't forget Jack Martana three
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.62.8
You do not belong here damn craggy it go smoke your crack, please
Yes, you've heard about the place of Jesus on a piece of toast
The place on a bagel even on a potato chip
Now you can eat like the kegakangs with a new god of pockets
A little round taste treats with a plaky crusts and the place of god or maybe with an else in owner
Just lay your hands on the vent pop them into toe-dove and in just minutes they are hunt as hand
You can have them for breakfast
Yes, hasn't for communion or a habbitly midnight snack
Also available in kosher when you smell the burning bush you know they're ready
Go on the pockets from the makers of Mohammed Bites
Right next to the pie, I love mode in the freezer section
Tell me 146.14 go to their tent Kennedy also this funeral is going on forever
I'm going to be a bit of a bit of a bit about he should attended plenty of those
Yeah, yeah
In fact right in the middle of this eulogy what he ought to do is just throw the script away and start writing and screaming about the an Nazis have taken over the country and stolen two elections
How fast is he going to be off the air?
Remember when they came in there and dragged Howard Beale off the set?
Right
Now let's see how old a 2035 is what?
How many years from now?
About 30, man
29 years from now now I'm going to be a push of daisies
And George you'll be around maybe
possible
John will definitely be around unless he keeps eating all that bad stuff
Come on, get some undervenues for you
A Russian astronomers predicted the earth will experience a mini ice age in the middle of the century
caused by low solar activity
In fact, he hear a voice from the sun that's saying
I'm dying over here
Kabiu-Bulow-Azumatov of the pole-Torbo-Azumatov
Well, who is some Russian guy?
In St. Petersburg that's not Florida, that's Russia
Said yesterday that temperatures will begin falling six or seven years from now
When global warming caused by increased solar activity in the 20th century reaches its peak
The coldest period will occur 15 to 20 years after a major solar output decline
between 2035 and 2045
Why see? Well, I might really be sure if it means it's 15 to 20 years after that?
Yeah, I guess
See, might be safe
2050?
That's 44 years away
Josh will probably be around
Yeah?
Be an old man
Unless he winds up over the back case of some of that sexually transmitted
The dramatic changes in the earth's surface temperatures are an ordinary phenomenon
Not an anomaly, he said
And result from variations in the sun's energy output and ultraviolet radiation
The northern hemisphere is most recent cooled on period occurred between 1645 and 1705
The resulting period known as the little ice age left canals in the Netherlands frozen solid
And forced people in Greenland to abandon their houses to glaciers
They're like that
So those canals in Netherlands will be frozen solid brown
Heck of a job, Brownie
So that means they're going to have to smoke all that much more dope just to stay warm over there
And the coffee house is on fire as of it
Well, they can roll them up in them Danish newspapers
56670560
Town, let's get some more movies for this show. Oh, you know, we're not going on till tonight
So tomorrow I have plenty of time to add more other than Godfather a movie you could watch as it in times
Got it?
Got it
WQAM, hello
Okay, well, they're thinking about it
WQAM, hello
And they're thinking about it
So it's my bag because I've been blah blah blah blah
How come those lines are still ringing? You see what I'm saying?
They're just played with this
Who on the usual?
56670560
Town 5665605
It's a popular line
It would be a shame if we ran out of here at two o'clock
And your very favorite was on the list when that would be bad
That would be a shame
I mean, do you guys give us one or not?
I can if you like
Well, go right in there
No, don't see Opie Vanilla like that like that
Thanks, say don't be vanilla just jump right in there
Sin City
Sin City
Never seen it
You wouldn't like it
No, you wouldn't
I would like it?
No, you wouldn't
No, I would not like it. Why is that too much violence?
Well, I could name any one of the stars that are in it
Oh, okay running, I'll take your word for it
Stephanie, Stephanie, come on
Stephanie, come on
Hello
Yes
I wanted to talk to Neil Rogers
You're speaking to him
I just want to tell you how I enjoy your show
I've listened for many years
You start my day off with a laugh
I love your sense of humor
And when you're serious
You are right on the target
That's what I always tell him
Well, thank you very much
And I just wanted to tell you that
Because I've been trying to call you for a long, long time
And I'm glad I got you today
Better late than ever
Thanks a lot, sweetheart
Okay, thank you
I see there's a nice lady
How do you like that? We had a lady
She was so nice, that's great
She was nice
She was nice, she really met it
I mean, you know, our near later on like that kissy kissy stuff
That was this way
You know, that was a lot of things
You know, it's kissy kissy because then they're like
Yeah
You know what I'm saying?
I did
Not good for their image
W-A-M, hello
How about get shorty
How about it?
Or if you want it twice?
I ain't never seen it first time, so I don't know
Would you watch it twice?
Yeah, it's really good
Okay
Remember that sound like it?
That's W-A-M, hello
Hey, may I be the first to congratulate you for 30 years of being on the radio?
Thank you so much
That's quite a milestone
I mean, to do 30 years of anything
Much less radio
Especially in this town, man, this heartless, hateful town
Well, my, my, my, my, my, my,
In my addition to the movie thing is I don't know why
It's so damn stupid, but every time I'm channel surfing, and it comes on
I just have to watch it, is that the
National Ampoule indication with Chevy Chase
Okay
That's right
I would agree with you, I watched it several times on TV
I would never go on buy it or anything, but you know, when it comes on, I watch it
Exactly
Okay, thanks, Sally
Okay
Now, there's a whole series of those, what do we, what do we, national Ampoule indication?
What do we say?
That's it, vacation
Okay
Because I know the one he's talking about is very funny, it's hysterical
In fact, that was when Chevy Chase was funny
Remember the last days?
That's the one on time ago
Yeah
W-A-M, hello
Q-A-M
Neil, how are you?
Great
There's a couple of things
For the movie, I don't know if you have it
I just want to look at it and go in very, very clean rock
Yeah, I don't know if I love it
I wish it was that far
Yeah, I can't
If you can watch that, maybe not every day, but I could sure watch it a lot
Neil, I would, I, one thing yesterday was the hearing
Did you see the things you can use, so they can't, wouldn't swear in, and Gonzalez was a he-my-glie
So then they would have to cross the queue to you
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, yeah
I was busy with this
Yeah, a lot of the mobsters are going to start taking the same, same, same cramp
It is incredible, Neil, I don't know how to question, now maybe you'd like to answer
There is, my brother just got a quarterback like you do, and I know he's on those cars
But what I understand is, what are the things you can afford them? Why do you buy two?
Always good to have a spare
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, okay
There are a lot of things in life like that
Always good to have a spare just in case the first one cramps out
Or the other stuff
I feel you know, I love it
Thanks, Bill, okay
Thank you very much, I've been listening to you for eight years, you were just great
Yes, I am, thanks, Bill
Thank you
Okay, but they're sure, Kissy Kissy, they're which is great, we like that between now and the first and the first and the second of March you go,
I like that, yeah, or you can do it anyway
Ted Kennedy says
Together again
There you go, all right
Together again, sounds like the supreme, so somebody will be together again
The supreme, oh, speaking of the supreme, how's that, the Nazi Sam I leader doing?
We got 1261 votes on a pool that they were going to be close to 1300 today
Without even a whimper, without saying like, aren't you shocked?
Yeah, I bet you're down town Allen Brown is foaming at them off
And you want to know why?
Because the handwritten, even Daniel can read it
The handwriting is on the wall
Remember Daniel?
And the line's done
Don't you remember the handwriting on the wall?
Yeah, that was the only thing that I was going to do
And Jonah was in hell of a whale
All these fairy tales, all these bubble-myses, all the silliness
And in the beginning, God said, let there be light
And let there be light, and let there be a tiny source, all this other crap
Well, I stand in innovation for Ted Kennedy
There you go, you go, Ted, and so what if that bitch drowned? Who cares?
Where did you learn your trade, you idiot?
Whoever told you that you could work with men? What's your hired for?
Is to help us? Does that seem clear to you?
To help us? To help men who are going out there?
To try to earn a living?
Your company man? You're fairy
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5162A.
The longest read joins on his day of rock dance
A nice song, Clarence, you idiot
So it problems us to court as if it go like 5 seconds over
10, 15
I was sleeping in the park
Just trying to take a scene
You're fairy, knock a bubble in the dark
It left me black and blue
I'm hurt so bad I'm coughing up blood
Why was I beaten by teenagers with clothes?
I'm dying of hair
Why this happened? I took the clothes to the head
They took off, they were laughing
They left me here for dead
I've got an ass, but they high on drugs
Why was I beaten by teenagers with clothes?
I'm lying here
Can't hardly move
They took those baseball bats and swung them like they grew
Why to ask the parents why?
They raised their kids this way
Lots and lots of prison time
They'll be the price they pay
Put them in jail with all those other dust
Why was I beaten by teenagers with clothes?
Why was I beaten by teenagers with clothes?
What was I mean by teenagers with clothes?
Why was I beaten by teenagers with clothes?
Why was I beaten by teenagers with clothes?
I hate that, Kelliver.
You're looking for glory holes, you moron.
