Tell them people were to stick them. It's called Braketology. Oh, that's them. Wow. So I've got one for you. Yeah
Apparently the Panthers. Yeah, I know I got it. Oh the five dollar charge
You know something this is part of what's called being fan friendly and sufferers another reason not to be there just
You can't draw flies in that place. This is your good buddy Alan Cohen there at the Panthers organization or some Bozo in there who made a really stupid decision
I would probably see this was some home. Oh, I
Hear that echo again like I heard yesterday and not real happy. I just heard it too. Yeah
Suppose you got a family of four
Now they're charging each person doesn't say in the hero article it says the Panthers starting to live first will charge a five dollar fee to
Anyone walking on the property for any event at Becket Landing Center
They're gonna put up a big fence who he can't cross the grass, you know
Just to piss off the public and do it will chase people away
So in other words, you got a family of four does that means it's gonna cost you $20 not to park
Point always just to walk in there well family of four you could actually
String them together and shove two people over the fence. Yeah, no seriously was it's how many you got like
Family of five it's gonna cost you 25 bucks not to park just for the honor
We're going in and buying your tickets on top of that and paying for the overpriced crap food
Alan Cohen man you are a muddy Cohen you're an idiot. We used to put people in the trunk when we go to high school
Well, that's a good idea. Yeah, it's like going to the drive driving movies right? Yeah
Jam guys in the trunk
Well, it's wrong with that. No problem with that. That's what people are gonna have to start doing
They're gonna have to hide their kids under their coat
I don't I mean I've heard of some stupid things in my life and then the excuses
Well, they're tired of people are trying to work
caused delays by darting through traffic coming from the sawgrass. What a pilot garbage that is, you know
They got traffic lights there as it is and if that's the case then pay for a couple extra security cops to stop
To give people to stop doing that
But no and then on top of it all the money is going to charity
The money going to charity. Yeah, that's what they said. It's going to
Big brothers and big sisters. I think it ought to go to big mothers as in mother
That's what the fans are gonna be saying. I thought it was for the pay all yorken and charity. No, no
They claim it's going for a charity
So this is just another way to screw the public once again
Stick it to the people that don't want to show up in the first place. Yeah, I'll pick my own building now for I think seven seasons
I could be wrong about that could be more and they've made the playoffs once and they're not gonna make it this year
Tampa one last night. They're not gonna make it this year again
Even with the side yorken and they won three games in a row big deal
Nobody cares about them first of all because there's no hockey fans
I mean it would seem to me that when you're desperately trying to build a fan base
You don't keep doing things to piss people off
It's like the dolphins with the parking outrage that got there at the stadium same kind of crap
Only the dolphins at least you got you know fans that show up. Yeah, you would think it would be like running your business
Where you know you depend on long distance phones and they don't pay the bill. Yeah, there you go
How could that I'm being able to watch a direct TV? You don't pay the bill and you can't know a satellite like the beeswax
Like that happen, huh that could never happen
Hey, sir can it it does I mean I'm here trying to record these guys yesterday for the show
I had about 14 coaches on to talk about the basketball tournament coming up
Yeah, and we can't make a long distance call. Oh, yeah, I heard about that
Yes, in fact, they couldn't fast me anything either because it was long-time thing the last half hour of the show
Nobody can fast me somebody over to the phone company with it. Yeah, what a joke. Well probably we didn't pay that bill either
Nope, that's that's exactly what it was. Are you serious? Yeah
Get out of here. Are you sure?
Actually, they paid it with a sack of pennies and it just took them that way
They were still counting them. Yeah, what a joke and this is a company that's listed on the stock exchange
Like I said don't look just to take the money. Okay, at least they pay us. Yeah, that's true
So all we can do at this point. I got a hold of my pennies like I sit down in the morning
And I look to see if we have any new copy from certain sales people and like nothing and then for about a half a second
I start getting agitated and they thought what the hell do I care? I'm still getting paid you know these people just don't care
That's what the bottom line is they can keep shuffling new sales managers in and 80 new sales people every two weeks
It doesn't make any difference. They just don't care. Yeah, it's a schlock. So let's just take the money and have a good time
I think you have the answer. You just play music like they are their other stations
No, no, no, I'd rather come on here and open up a big mouth. Oh, okay? Yeah, it's a rare opportunity to open up a big fat mouth and spew for four hours
So that's what I do. I enjoy it. I love it
And I had that none of that I told yesterday about my good fortune on Sunday night unscathed the appearance. That was pretty good
Yeah, I did the same thing yesterday. I was like he man
It was a little bit of a hot streak and uh wow. I made a five figure score yesterday. Wow. Yeah
Well, that's what the beast did he made a five figure score of course it had the
decimal points after the first three
So I'm on a little streak here. Well, that's good
Well, maybe maybe you can cover the apartment fees for these people's firt in your life first at the end of center
You know what? I'll stand out there right next to the guy who has the work for food sign and hand out five dollar bills
We need to fix this problem today
I said Michael you remarked that panthers CEO we have backed up we have people backed up for 30 minutes
We're more trying to get into our building after games. It's probably worse trying to get out. We didn't know what too bad
Well, what does that mean they have people backed up
Constipated
Yeah, that's must be what it means. I don't know what he's talking about or back up like our facilities
I'm into a zillion games there
I never saw any problem with people being backed up across in the street. It's just idiotic or stupid back up like the facilities
Sheeran is wonderful building and if they're so backed up and start the games at 7.30 instead of 7 o'clock
People used to come in at the end of the first period when they started at 7.30
So you can imagine how they started seven on week nights
Nobody's there yet because people are most people are working
Or out there panhandling or something they got a schedule
Just have absolutely no clue on how to treat the public no clue
I remember when in the early days of that arena and some of the seats that they built in the corners
You know because Wayne wanted a lot more seats instead of fewer seats that they would you know
It looks a lot better when you got a 18,000 seat capacity and you're gonna got 14,000 people looks full
When you got a 20,000 seat capacity it looks like there's a lot of empty seats in there are
So they had to put extra seats in there
So some of the people in both seats and tickets they found that their seats overtour the corners are like about half the size of the regular seats
And they're like these big fat guys sitting
It's like trying to sit on a on a teapot, you know, just ridiculous
You know the kind of teapot that Joe Carroyo will throw it is wife that kind
What a joke walk in panther fan and again the story doesn't say
I mean it's just stupid. I mean who what how can you do that?
How can you charge people who don't want to park in your lot who don't want to pay you to park there?
It would be like it would be like a restaurant that has valet parking on you know
And so you park across the street for free and you walk out of their property
I said oh no you'll have to give us five bucks
Because you're not parking
Whatever hurt us such a thing paying somebody for a service they're not providing
Much of fascist to be asked me the panther organization and as always you know
There's a couple of guys here that have been very nice to me over the years and that's wonderful
But in terms of the way they treat the average fans out there
It's a disgrace and the dolphins have even worse
You can't complain about the fan-premiveness of the dolphin games because they really did like they're going to stop all in there
You know that yep
Boy you don't have like 18 if you don't have 18 press passes in like 45 forms of picture ID
You can't even think about going upstairs there. You know they press area
Forget about it
I remember when we had the games and I would be but that was always a real picnic going up there
To be the dirty looks like they like to shoot your ass. They probably did
In that place. Yeah, now that we got the new law on Florida. They probably it's a good thing. I'm not there
Probably would suit my ass if I went up well that all I can tell you is this the new head of securities name is chaining
Oh, I see well. I can tell you a lot
That I dick
Well
Well, listen like I said we're taking the might of the banks and you're on a hot rule
And I'm actually starting to win a few bucks. So which is very rare for me. He's keep it going
Well, you said I'm gonna go today. I'm not going here today
I'm not either. I'm thinking about tomorrow on Thursday
Those sounds good because right nearly a Wednesday got the cleaning. See that's that isn't the great the way we make excuses for ourselves
Tomorrow the cleaning lady comes into well
I could just as easily go out and go to lunch at two o'clock and sit and have it extra relaxing lunch while she you know
Only in here for 40 minutes, but no, so Wednesdays is my excuse to run off to you know where you know in the course Thursday
We got the Marlin game so 1250 I'll be out the door like a shot like we shot out of a can
Well, what do you laugh about your life because you know, it's true. It is a great life. I'm having a good time. I'm not gonna change my life
I'm not gonna destroy my
Financial situation
Okay, I'm with you. Yeah
It's a more of a joy. I mean before before you know, we'll both be in a box. So let's at least enjoy it now
All right, we'll be stopping on our grave. Oh, that bastard. Oh, well the mean time will have a good time with somebody's money
Sounds good to me. Yeah, I think we had to start charging to five dollar fee to listen to the show is okay
If Stern can do it, why don't we do it? Yeah, maybe while that stock is dropping like a rock. Yeah, are you serious? Yes
Uh-huh, and XM 2 is a matter of fact boy. They're really off tourists XM. They got real problems
Since they signed up Martha Stewart. I think you know, that's the serious. Yeah, who did they sign up on XM some redneck? Oh
Yeah, Oprah that read that said that said Oprah
That's the one and by the way the folks in Dubai have already saw that and they wanted to come and do a week shows over there
Not that they're trying to do with this big PR can try to repair
They've been promised to buy two years supply of agra for Bob Dole, and that's how they got him on a payroll
You see that he was one of the publicists. He was one of the lobbyists for them in Washington, Bob Dole. Oh limp Bob Dole
I don't think he's got that much cloud if he asked me
That's what the Elizabeth said. Well listen have a great day. Keep it going keep that street going
And of course now what he uh, oh my and college hoops at this stage. Wow
Oh, this is you guys like a like a smorgasbord. Yeah, this is like that rich at the buffet in Vegas exactly
When he puts somebody else's uh ticket on his table because he didn't want to pay for it
Yeah, that's the true. I told you that's the redneck
Took took the ticket that they put on the table off somebody else's table and put it on his so he could hit it for free
And then went to the buffet. It was incredible
That's probably one of the reasons he's not with us anymore, but anyway
Punishment, huh enough about that. All right
You two will see you
The these expressive previous programs are those of the host guests and collars
Take the money and run boys and girls that's my message to you. Okay, forget about everything else take the money and run
Don't be a fool. It's
That man bite
Four three two one and the left off
Take out of the run
Use that farm and they won't ask for long see it crazy. I run go up thing all the
I know it sounds crazy when we tucking come over
Maybe we can avoid passing us to the moon
Oh
You bet all I do right. So you think you are slick you think you're so great
Fuck beware
We know your country doesn't bother with diplomacy
You'd rather blow us up and try to get us to a great
Oh
10 13 and 5 60 w q a m happy Tuesday March 14 man. It's March madness
Hey, that's the basketball everybody can't use that term. They're gonna get a true trade. Oh, that's why I'd like to for example
I'm the beach sports bar. We can't say it's March madness because they trademark that expression
It's gonna point out where you can't say anything because everybody's got a trademark
You can't even say
We're gonna trademark that other right because say we're gonna like fine you a hundred million dollars
Take your ass to jail 10 14 a q a m like Roger's
Oh
We woke me up early this morning
Like a rotten carpet song a dinner place
I pulled the cover up over my head so I could
But your
Even though I know you never shave under your arms. I've been trying my best not complain
Reminds me of my toilet
In your head wash your head brush your teeth before you're in
Right line teach straightforward your office your soul emotions
can't be
your
When
I'm gonna send you a letter, say in your soul, thinking
Welcome!
Now when I'm driving, holding the air, I'm just clear
Because you smell like someone's vomit makes with stale beer
I'm just a bit sad, I'm just feeling just a little bit tired of this
It's open nice for a few, you know it does exist
I don't have any blessings left to my name
And a odor like moldy wood when it was, check your pulse, you smell like a quartz bud
When you lay your hair and wash your neck, the rest of my body is full of your neck
I've some sweet, thick, full of your armpits, you're still thinking
Smell like happy, hot, my sweater, all the will
10-20 QM before we do anything else, we gotta get that card to call in
Who both are you sure are talking noodles yesterday? Remember he was on his way home, right?
That's right, bag of, we need noodle.
We need noodle. Or, maybe that's him online too right now, WQYM, hello
QYM, no, Neil, sorry about that, how are you?
Good, listen I hope those dead heads over at the Panther thing
Passed by their accountants and their lawyers
Yes, because if they're open and claiming that's going to charity
They're gonna have a backup because I want to receive
Wow, that's a good idea
I mean, come on
Yeah, that's right, it should be tax deductible if it's going to charity
That's what they're claiming
So they're gonna have to give you a handwritten receipt and it'll back it up for like hours
Thank you very much
That's a lot of ideas, nice going pal, yeah anything to stick it to them, man, we'll get to that in a minute
That really pisses me off, man
Just another way, one of the most fan-honestly organizations in the first place, the way they gouge
You know, with those, those uncomfortable seats in the corners there
And the way they gouge for the food and it just never ends, you know
And so desperate to get people in there
Oh listen, if you'll buy a season ticket, it's working like 700 free tickets per game and all this other crap, you know
And then people that are paying like 60 or 70 bucks a ticket
Then they turn the person next to them, oh, I find out to take out the ticket for free, you know
Well, that's really nice, when you spent all that money and you find out the person sitting in the same section
Right next to you, I think it's for free
Line 9 is not the sure talking, I guarantee you that
QAAM, hello, noodle line
Yeah, that was the noodle line, Toyota
What?
That was noodles
That was noodles, okay
I wonder, maybe he still was great be-down noodles
Yeah, they're in either Alabama or if you believe the collar would set it time, jica
This is a good time for the great taste
Yeah, Neil, this is noodle
Well, that's good, congratulations to you, what an idiot
No wonder they called him Don Agony
Somebody QAAM, hello
Hey Neil, your last collar will pass right
They're gonna collect the money and then they're gonna pay a majority
And they'll take the tax deduction
Yeah, that's what they're gonna do
You're probably right, they might not let us scam
I'll get to the dark on this thing because it's gonna piss off the very few Panther fans that remain
You know, you can sign Oli, joke it in and you can sign Robert De LaWango and all of a sudden a crap
And by the way, who the hell else is gonna play with them?
You know, they already got them
But the fact of the matter is that there's so minimal interest in the first place
You know, it'll be one thing if people were knocking down the doors to get in and people were clamoring
because there's such a big base of hockey fans in South Florida, which there are not
When you got a marginal sport, I mean really marginal in American, especially in South Florida
You think that you tried to do something that would be fan-friendly
But no, not in Miami, baby, not in Fort Lauderdale, not in Sunrise
Is this your attack you guys gonna call her not? QAAM noodle line
Hello, Neil? Yes? How are you today?
Uh, how many QAAM, hello
Hi, Neil, it's Drew Greg DuDell, is on WJNA
He just started about a week and a half ago, he's on...
So Tom Dick has got bad news once again on Sunday, Tommy
Missed information, he was doing a talk show in Alabama, Tom Rice
That was just until they sent them
That column has probably written a couple of weeks and it's there
Yeah, that's how Tom is lazy, you know, stuff is like ancient old news
Right, well he follows Joyce Kaufman, half what he do
Oh, wow, I think he's called his niche
Thanks for the bad news
By the way, Nune de Tune today, Tune, Nune de Tune
We'll have our QM vans, it's John the Baker for our daily bag of fun
And by the way, we won't even charge you to park there, how do you like that?
We won't charge you out
Even if you walk, we won't charge you to park even if you walk up
John the Baker, this is the one at 125 92 Pines Boulevard
That's in the Home Depot Shopping Center, the corner of Pines in Flamingo
With the best of Neil Stuffy
But third man!
TDs and T-shirts, which the approach seats are going by the way to a band of Pertrescu
We're not making that up, that's right
And Roli will have a, just to strike back, even though this thing doesn't start so July 1st at the Macarena
Roli will have limited supply of pantas, parking passes to give away to people that show up there too
They like that, I like it
Just as a way of saving us some cash and striking back and showing the Panther organization
How rightfully people are pissed off at this latest piece of insanity
How can we piss you people off? How can we chase you away?
You know, it's that kind of a deal
Very sad
But typical, WQA and Newtle line, hello, not there
Wouldn't you think that guy would have called right off the bat?
You would think
I mean, this is information that I need to know, maybe nobody else is in the way
That's right, of course my stuff is already coming into mail, but I'd like to find out
Before I just throw it all away
WQA and hello
Thank you more than Neil
Did you know that Isaac can use his quitting without power?
Yeah, I got to that story because he's P.O. to much
The Scientologist got to him, man, make no mistake about it
It probably is right to give him a shaft
You think he was a cool guy and then he turns out to be a complete boy class
Yeah, I know
Great, I got it
Square is a cardboard box, Isaac Kays
He's been on out of South Park doing the voice because they have to have respect for religion
And the meantime, how about the one where they did the Virgin Mary believe they had a rat?
Right
And all the other stuff they've done, the secular religious stuff
Which is hysterical
There's no loyalty, it's just like this thing about wow, you know, you're making fun of our religion
Well, so why not?
That's my thing
That's my religion
Yeah, who now cares?
Anyway, here's the poll from yesterday
And I forgot, we'll do it tomorrow, I've already got it laid out about who has season tickets to what?
I think the Panther number may be going down very fast as low as it is
Just when you thought it couldn't get any lower
When you go to any Marlins games this season 1310 votes, maybe a couple 341 maybe
No, they screwed the fans again 294
I'll pack them sandwiches, move already, bye bye 292, 292 votes
I hate baseball, I'm not going no, 181
Yes, I'm going to several games, 94, that's 7%, I hate this poll, 89
And I'm a season ticket older 19, the Eastern Webbing
1.4%
That's not how you say it
How do you say it?
What's 19?
No, it's not the Eastern Webbing, how do you say 19?
Guessing what?
No, it's not
All right, well in attacking they got like different words, well I don't want to go to the whole thing
Only 19, 1.4% season ticket older for the Marlins
Wow
But, but if you do go to the Panther games they'll toss you a free bag of sure-taki noodle
This is Neil Rogers
This is 516 QA
Now, you've seen J.C. perform on the Grammys with Paul McCartney
And now, the hole becomes out of retirement
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
To do it with all the legend
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh
and savior by Scientology leaders.
While a cartoon crew is lots and stuff in a closet
won't come out.
Stone told the AP and he and co-creator Tray Parker
never heard of Pete out of Isaac in any way
until we did Scientology.
He was a different stead of religions other than his own.
And to me, that's where intolerance and bigotry begin.
Ice going air, Matt and Tray.
That's right.
You go, boys.
God, what a jackass.
I'm telling you, that Scientology thing,
it's the whole, it's almost as thick as the thing
I saw on E&E last night.
I had a two hour special on polygamy.
Oh yeah.
Mainly based in the state of Utah.
That's right.
Where orange packs is from, by the way, Utah.
And how about these crazy polygamy's
than what they're doing and abusing?
And they know it's just like making life a playground
for the guys.
So they can bang any number of women they want
and the daughters and rape and abuse their sisters.
Whoever they want.
Right.
Oh, here you go.
Somebody said it's the dope.
Look at what a line of man.
Jam and John Summers.
Woo.
Jam and John on JNA.
Enjoying Kaufman.
She's so Jewish.
It's almost unbelievable.
Oh boy.
And Greg Budell, longtime South Florida
Radio star hosted the Audi like that.
Tom Jiffy, you blew it again.
Maybe you don't have any clue what's going on.
I know what we missed my 30th anniversary.
He'll probably have that in about two weeks.
Tom's a little bit in the behind these days.
The Udella hosted 640s afternoon show.
And it goes down but a beep.
But it does mention anything in here about his fine work.
He did the country kitchen in Hollywood as a waiter.
What?
Those were his salad days.
I understand.
He can be heard.
Oh, he can.
And by the way, everybody still hates you.
Like poison Greg.
How do you like that?
He keeps coming back.
He won't go away and stay away.
He just keeps coming back like a bad penny.
They don't like you, Greg, in South Florida.
Hate you.
Anyways, we're going to be from 2 to 6 on WJNA 640.
Surrounded by a special blend of South Florida's favorite songs,
targeting all adults over 40.
Vue del is a must for any program testing the market,
targeting the market.
Well, whatever that means.
Well, I see this is a sales propaganda program.
Oh, it's from the iodine person,
who's obviously somebody inside over there.
Now that's who this is.
Now, who do we know that's over there?
Must be PD Lenny.
There's a lot of time, Eisenberg.
This isn't Tom's style.
He wouldn't waste his time with us.
It's either Mark Eisenberg and I don't think it's him
because he hates me like poison.
It's probably a PD Lenny.
Isn't that where he is?
I don't know where he is.
Where's he with Cox broadcasting now?
I don't know.
He's on the other side of the way with the iodine.
And we cure a chrome.
Is that guy gonna call in with the noodle story or not?
Where's everybody's doing?
He's the way I'm noodle line.
Hello.
Neil, the sure-of-possy guy.
All right. See you all right.
How you doing?
You know, I'm eating it as we speak.
I'll tell you what, it's good, it's bland.
Yeah.
But it's got the same texture as the, like the raw men noodles.
Right, nothing wrong with that with raw men.
I'm impressed.
I'm really surprised that you put a little salt on it.
Like I think the people in the story,
they put a little tomato sauce on it or something.
But it really tastes pretty good.
And it's cheap.
It was at $50 for $8 ounces.
Right.
So I'm very upset.
But did it not have a really bad smell
when you opened up the sound?
Oh, not at all.
And it just, it's just bland and plain.
Yeah, well, let's face it.
Pasta doesn't have any taste anyway.
It's what you put on if it makes the taste.
Exactly.
So what the hell?
It's got almost no calories.
I don't expect it to taste great, but it's filling it.
And it's got a nice texture.
Now let me ask you, have you checked your blood sugar
after you ate it?
No, not yet.
Well, I would do that before you get too carried away.
Because some of these, I've tried some of these products
in the past that allegedly had only so many usable carbs
in the audience, and then you're
fine, your blood sugar is like 400.
You know, after you've had to do that before you get it.
No cholesterol.
I understand.
But forget about that.
You know, the proof is in the pudding,
as you know, if you're diabetic, check your blood sugar.
Before you go like a crocan, honest, please.
OK.
OK.
But at least not, Pallee.
Pretty good.
It came through for us.
How do you like that?
I told you, maybe this audience always comes through for us.
That's why we're going to raise $50 million
if the agenda maker of the staff knew
between New and two, right?
At least 50 anyway.
Otherwise, I forgot to tell you the total.
Well, let me go.
I forgot to write it down, but you gave it to me.
Well, I had $16.475, so it's got to be more than that.
$16.670.
Well, that's not too good.
I mean, since we're getting there,
we'll have over $20,000 by the end of this week.
Probably.
How long are we going to continue this
until my summer vacation till I'm
in the summer schedule in June?
That's on the day.
Like I said, my summer vacation?
Yeah.
Oh, sure.
Why not?
Every day we're going to be doing this?
We don't have to.
They're going to get a little ponderous.
I mean, that's OK.
We're going to kill some good time.
And give me a roll of some to do.
Go out there and meet our fine crowd
out there.
See the guy with the eyes again?
The guy with a fanny pack?
Maybe a blind micro show up?
Maybe your buddy will be there.
Screaming.
Hit work.
Hit work.
So here's the story that a lot of people
already peeled about, and I don't blame them.
In the hero this morning, George Richards
writes sounds like a woman to me.
What was that transvestite?
What Richard's?
Who was that Denise Richard?
No.
No.
Well, some of the funny ones.
What do you want from?
I don't know.
Renee Richards.
OK.
Renee Zellweiger.
I only know RuPaul and Daymedna.
Frugal hockey fans.
My money.
What you listen to this is the familiar
and portante of the 40 people that go to the games.
Frugal hockey fans has paid money by parking for free at
sawgrass mills and dashing across Panther Parkway traffic
lanes on game lights.
Our budget could hit in the wallet.
Starting July 1st, the Panthers will start charging a $5
fee to anyone walking on the property for any
event at the Bank of Land Center.
So like if it's a concert, you know?
Because in July, I don't think we're going to be
playing too much hockey there.
But if it's like a concert, which I can't think of
anything else, they're going to soak it to you.
Soak you.
Reason for the new fee.
Safety concerns in the traffic delays caused by fans
darting through traffic said Michael Yurmac.
Panther's CEO and leader this season ticket holders.
We need to fix this problem that they said.
You are marked.
We have people backed up for 30 minutes.
So 30 minutes.
One more trying to get into our building after games
is probably worse trying to get out.
Some fans have worth it.
It's crazy for the Panthers who frequently play in
front of hundreds that should read thousands of empty seats.
The sock, those fans who do show up on the added fee.
That's right.
Nobody wants to go there.
But if you want to come here and subsidize our crappy
operation, then we're going to like stick it to even
more than ever.
And then that's really what you call fan friendly.
Not.
Your marks as money raised will go to charity.
The first beneficiary will be the big brothers
and big sisters of Broward.
It costs 15 bucks to park a fee.
We know those season ticket holders can prepay for $10
passes.
Free park is available to those who drive Lexus vehicles.
So if you drive a Lexus, then it's OK.
OK, come in there for free.
But if you're like one of those sluppers that's walking across
the street because you don't want to get ripped off
or parking, then we're going to soak you five bucks a piece.
Or if you can't afford a Lexus.
And of course, people that are walking across the street
obviously can't afford a Lexus.
This is the best option we can come up with.
Your mark said we think it's going to create a safer environment
for people coming to our building.
Yeah, it'll be safe.
Nobody will be going there.
Right.
It'll be all it will be so safe.
Remember that just like I wanted to have Michael to have
that meeting where he'll be safe.
Uh-huh.
Well, traffic backs up with pedestrians crossing the streets.
There haven't been any major injuries.
And those who park at Sogrest seem upset with the decision.
No.
Some fans say they'll just jaywalk across Panther Parkway.
That's 136th Street instead of crossing at the light and
walk it up to Plan Payment Gate.
They're going to have a Plan Payment Gate.
You can just walk through the grass.
They can't control the whole area.
I said, Mark Whisby who drove to Saturday's game from color
Ridge with Suns, Tyler and Steven.
But hey, to break the news to you, Mark.
Bad news, baby.
Your mark says, if fence will be erected around the perimeter,
it's like a Berlin wall all over again, huh?
If fence will be erected around the perimeter,
the parking lots of the Scrooge fans are running through
traffic under arena property without paying.
That sounds like an offensive fence.
I'm not surprised because people try to make a buck
wherever they can.
This is another sneaky way of making a dollar
said, fan, jay, pagan, a West Palm Beach.
What if he's can do a Jose Pagan?
If there's not a big outcry, they're going to get away with it.
For me, it's not going to stop me from coming to games,
but it's going to be hard to enforce.
You're a marketer of those parks that the arena
who want to walk to them all will get special passes
so not to be charged twice.
Oh, isn't that, isn't that Gentile?
Ooh, maybe they can start my forehead.
But fans are still grumbling.
Not that would be for Ask Wednesday.
It's ridiculous that West Palm Beach
is one of the things that's nice about this arena
is people can come up here, spend the day at the mall
and walk across and go to the game.
It's convenient heading them all so close.
Well, that's what you thought.
Your mark says the team has been working on the problem
for months.
He added he has informed Sunrise as well as Broward County.
Broward County is about the new deal.
The raw deal.
The arena was built with county tax money
and the team runs the arena for the county.
Your mark said he's spoken with soggrats official
in the past, not the pedestrian bridge would be feasible.
Redirecting traffic to other arena
and this is also being looked at.
Although most two park at the main gate
where the pedestrians cross,
our high money customers
who pay a premium for parking there.
When this building was built,
it was never contemplated there would be walkovers
from the mall, he said,
oh, that was good planning.
Just like they had no drain.
They had no drain system there.
I remember that one day was flooded
with like swimming through the lake
to get to your car after the game.
We know this is a major issue.
We think we come up with the best solution.
This isn't the first time a pro sports team has tried
to discourage fans from parking
for free and walking the games.
In 2000, the Redskins began closing off streets
around the suburban stadium,
forcing fans who parked for free
near by land over Malta Pay for a bus ride to the stadium.
Four years later,
the board of administrative appeals
and Prince George's County Merlin said
the road to the Colleges were improper.
Three parking was resumed
for those willing to make the hike to the stadium
and it should be,
this should be next right now before they start, okay?
It's only the 14th of March.
Don't do it.
You people in Broward,
you politicians out there,
it's a Broward County deal.
Maybe the County Commission should mix this,
nip it in the bud, okay?
It's unacceptable.
And this crap about the money's going to cheer it.
You like to hear what I said?
If you're a fan,
it's really the case.
Then every person that they soak five bucks
for including the little kids,
they should have a,
demand a written freaking receipt.
This is me,
everybody be here by midnight.
This is 5'16", she fades out.
Henry, what in Florida, Panthers?
Happy 24th anniversary, Neil.
Good luck to be here.
On tonight's Action News.
Action News.
President Bush is heading home
after his first trip to Pakistan.
President Bush also attended a quickit clinic
for high school boys,
taking a few swings himself.
Oh, they hit him.
They're losing.
They hit him again.
Father's me.
They hit him again.
Oh, right in the head.
Oh, damn.
It's lucky he was a Pakistani pinata.
Damn.
On tonight's Action News.
1026 if you went,
I'm just going to our today's poll right now.
How do you like that?
That's good.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, before you know,
to be like 148.
896 votes on here.
My sponsor is significant other is
and look at what a bunch of happy people we have out there.
I don't know.
Hearing about all these divorces, you know, 50% divorce rate
and all these people are divorced yet.
896 votes.
My sponsor is significant other is a treasure 172.
Isn't that wonderful?
Don't have one.
That's sweet.
That's sweet.
Sensation of 97.
Hot 90.
I hate this poll said,
but so far all positive things of pain,
but great in the sack 64.
Well, that's something on neck 62, George.
Anointing 51 aging badly 43.
It were pleasable 36.
Somebody fasted in this morning.
You were like making fun of that.
Yeah, 36 over you.
Oh, yeah, well,
I make fun of all of it.
A slab 23.
Stinky six and gross three,
but you're stuck.
Those last few categories there.
Pretty small percentage.
Oh, let's see to about three and a half, four percent.
Stuck with some stinky a slab gross.
Well, there's one way to deal with that.
Shoot him.
Here's the facts from Ed Tant,
calmness for the Athens Van Erherald and Athens, Georgia.
Thanks for reprinting my comments from the Athens,
Georgia Van Erherald,
Daily News Paper on your website.
I travel without success.
The email you will thank you when you reprinted my March
for forth due by Port Steel column on your website.
I have two sisters who live in Florida.
And both are said that you included my writings on your website.
So I'm I because I like having readers down in the Miami area.
Thanks again.
Have a great day in Florida.
Thank you, Ed.
And Alan Miami writes.
I just had to tell you how great your about 30 man CD was.
About 30 man.
It is pure genius.
Wow.
Congratulations on a job well done.
Thank you for entertaining us all these years.
I'd like to commend George and Miguel for a great job.
I'll produce you a CD.
Well, congratulations George and Miguel for producing a great CD.
Yeah.
So I have nothing to do with it.
I want to keep it that way, please.
Don't forget noon to two a John the Baker corner of a Pines
of Flamingo, 125 92 Pines Boulevard.
And roll you would have limited supply of Panther parking passes
just for a lot of people that are parked off of the Panther
organization.
WQAN, hello.
Good morning.
How are you?
Pretty good.
I have another option.
I'd like to have your poll.
OK.
I can't answer this time without consulting my significant
other.
OK.
I would like to.
Yeah.
Not right.
72 I am.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
That video, that link that you have 911 loose change.
Yeah, awesome.
Yeah, I know it.
But it raised the many questions.
I know.
And if you actually thought that you were going to have a
somebody who hasn't watched the video, they're thinking
nuts.
Well, in that case, you still tell them about it.
Hey, man, you're the best man.
Have you ever tried that probably come and drag the rest
away anyhow in the middle of the night?
They'll probably turn your ass in.
Yeah, I have a couple of friends over to my house last night.
And we watch the video because I have a big string TV and
took up the computer and they were all glue in.
Nobody walked away.
They were all glued in now, but they were.
OK, listen.
Great.
They were all glued in with his big screen going more than 70
dead in a pair of reprisal killings in Iraq.
Oh, geez.
More bad news.
You know something Ed Rollins was a Republican, the consultant.
He was on.
Do you see that last night with Lou Dobbs?
Sure did.
And he said something about the good news from the administration.
Why is a rip in the media?
Because there's not talking about the good news from Iraq and Ed
Rollins says there isn't any good news.
That was a Republican saying that.
There isn't any good news.
Authorities said at least 71 bodies were found in the Iraqi
capital of Baghdad during a 30 hour period.
Third man ending midday yesterday or midday today.
Excuse me, the way ahead of us in some ways.
Sparking fears that sectarian reprisal killings are continuing
at a grisly pace.
Grisly pace.
I'm dying out of here.
15 bodies were found Tuesday morning in a back of a pickup
in a SUNY neighborhood in Western Baghdad.
The victims all males between the ages of 25 and 40 have
been strangled.
Police also found 14 bodies in a shallow grave on the east
inside of the capital of Shiite neighborhood with their
hands tied beyond their backs and bullets through the
hay.
And another two bodies have been shot in a
hay and were discovered in Southern Baghdad.
Police found that they recover a 40 bodies during the 24 hours
that ended six o'clock this morning their time.
It just hit on and on and on.
More instapled and died.
Yes, she did.
When I first saw the story, I thought it was Gene Stapled.
I got right.
Oh, thank goodness it was only more.
When I met back she was a she was nice.
She was all right.
She won an Oscar in 81 for playing anarchist writer Emma Goldman
and Reds Emma Goldman.
Oi.
But I have a feeling she was Irish.
Marine Stapled in the Oscar winning character actress who
subtle vulnerability and down to earth.
This earned her dramatic and comedic roles on State
screen and TV died Monday.
She was 80.
That's old enough.
Stapled in a long time.
So you see it's only not old enough if you're like 78.
Right.
Stapled in a long time.
Smoke who had been living in Leninstad from chronic
pulmonary disease that her son Daniel Allen took.
Stapled in who is unremarkable.
Makefully appearance be lied her star personality and talent
won a catamore by the and Reds.
To prepare for the rule she sent you tried reading Goldman's
autobiography but soon chucked it out of boredom.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
She was nominated several times for supporting actress
including her first rule in 58 lonely hearts.
Airport in 70 Woody Allen's interiors in 78 also 63 musical
by vibrating opposite and Margaret and Dick Van Dyke Johnny
dangerously cocoon the money put into the to the love.
She was good morning stable and she was like the ball you know.
Right and I could wait to describe I go probably like a ball.
By the way we're going to have a thousand votes on that told
it a before you can say ischa middle is a little 915 to light
media.
Crash feels former games show host in life only a chicken heck and
I will know who this is.
And people are watched the game show channel an old far
it's like me.
Former TV games show host in his wife or killed yesterday
morning when their small plane crashed in Santa Monica Bay
authority said rescue crews were searching for a third
person also boarded plane.
The bodies of Peter Tomarkin 63 host of the hit 80s game show
pressure luck.
Well I guess he did a little bit too much.
And his wife Kathleen Abigail to mark in 41 right
identified by the LA County coroner's orifice.
The plane was on its way to Sandy able to ferry a medical
patient of the UCLA medical center said Doug Griffith a
spokesman for Angel Flight West a nonprofit which provides
fear transportation needy patients but doesn't always get
there evidently.
Grinford said the pilot was a volunteer for the group according
the FAA the plane was registered to to marketing was the pilot.
Uh oh.
Press your luck.
The plane apparently had engine trouble was headed back to
Santa Monica airport about two miles inland but wiped out
about 935 AM just offshore.
Was a big splash a huge splash that started going down going
down going down to markins deathless first report about
entertainment tonight press your luck was known for its
contention shouting the slogan big bucks no amies.
You saw that show no time you never saw that show never saw that
show never saw the wanny.
No no that wasn't me.
Come on big bucks no amies no way and then.
Mommy got it sucks to markins agent Fred Westbrook said his
clients first game show was hit man which ran 13 weeks in NBC
followed by four year hit pressure luck on CBS and was also on
bargain hunters wipe out and paranoia.
He was always a fun guy to be around was brought said he
just love the genre of game shows like chicken neck.
What was the genre of game shows somebody QA new to line hello.
Hey they'll hold on one second return us out.
Um one thing in regard to this this Panther thing and and there
with me first I can why I'm very with the with the attendance.
Uh this reporting by them if they have 3000 cars in the
parking lot and they try to tell us there's an average of
them but three people for car that's 9000 they're reporting
attendance to 14000 that means they had 5000 walk up to 25000
times 40 on this.
That's a billion dollars a year they're going to be donating right.
And that's just all retocumabit.
Okay I'll talk to one so okay talk to big brothers and big
mothers about it see if they're going to get the cash.
It's going to be donated to cheer you they're going to they're
going to rip you off so they listen if you want to give the
maturity you you know do it voluntarily that's the way I
read it.
You want to help a band and pay rescue then get our stuff if
not then you're that's your entire your entitled to that we
hate you but you're entitled to it.
But other than that this business of well this is the only
way to deal with that bull crap just put more I mean they deal
with it the air Canada center here in every other venue I've
ever seen.
Just have more cops there that's all so I cost you a few extra
bucks they think in deal so jack up the price of food
a little bit more like 50 bucks a half dollar instead of 40.
Boy well just I mean you can't complain about their public
relations they just don't have any they just don't have any
and the way that they keep begging and begging and emailing
and sending stuff into mail all my god my house is just
inundated with pantheid droppings every single day.
Just unbelievable that's how this with the are but here's
another way to piss off the fans with you they got left.
And if you think they're resigning holy joking in is going to
get more people to come in there you're dreaming okay most
of the people in South Florida wouldn't know only
Yoke and from the Joker and Batman you know what?
You're joking?
No I'm talking and most of the people like the the Joker and
Batman have a lot better who now was that the Joker?
The Joker that was Vincent Price.
It was?
No.
I get a lot of hair.
Caesar Romero.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
Are you sure Burgess Maddett Merida was the penguin?
Right.
Frank Gorsuch was the riddler.
Right and Batman was his ward not his...
This is Neil Rogers.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your buddy.
Hold hold hold hold.
What solid?
Any questions?
The Joker and Batman are the ones who are the most important
in the world.
The Joker and Batman are the ones who are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the ones who are the most important
in the world.
The Joker and Batman are the ones who are the most important
in the world.
The Joker and Batman are the ones who are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the ones who are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the ones who are the most important
in the world.
The Joker and Batman are the ones who are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the ones who are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the ones who are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the ones who are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the ones who are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the ones who are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the ones who are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the ones who are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the ones who are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the ones who are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the ones who are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the ones who are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the ones who are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the ones who are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the ones who are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the ones who are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
She says she's taken part of the invitation of a national Republican Congressional Committee which is organizing events
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
The Joker and Batman are the most important
What was this in?
This is on World Night Daily
This is on World Night Daily
Kick a blank blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Kick a blank pictures
Studying theatre in college
Work jobs and restaurants
Before trying to stripping
And then making the decision
Whether the world has studied
Or it's sex.
I kind of wanted to be a porn star
She said I wasn't raked in it
Or abused.
With the Lutheran grandmother
Curious issue attended church
Regularly aged 12.
Despite having numerous sexual
Partners, she remains proud of her
Occupation.
I probably have less sex
With those guys than they
College girl typically has
It doesn't make me less moral, she said.
I'm sure a lot of Christians
Have had sex before marriage.
God reads my heart.
I'm a good person.
I think I have morals.
More morals.
And the politicians at Orifice.
I don't robs the Ohrter Lion.
A lot of politicians do that.
Like the one she's having dinner with.
When asked about Bible verses
Condemning adultery, she responded.
Bill Clinton committed adultery.
Doing it all movies is acting
For a training or rule.
It's not burial and cook
The real me.
That's right.
Yeah.
Now, see he was a bad guy.
She's good.
He doesn't for a living.
She gets paid for it.
That makes you think that she needs
To satisfy his lust.
And the fact he's married to a frigid bulldyk.
You figure it out.
Okay, I guarantee we're getting
Closing in 947.
Oh, thank heaven for 947.
My spouse or a significant
Other is a treasure.
180.
That is so sweet.
And that.
Yeah, yes.
We're already well past
Valentine's day.
Don't have one 175.
Congratulations.
Of course, they could be too young.
But I don't think so.
Maybe they're like divorced.
Or maybe their spouse is dead.
Or maybe sensational.
Or maybe they don't want one.
Sensational 103.
Hot 92.
Well, we believe you.
Don't we?
No.
I hate this pool.
Oh, Football 9086.
A pain to the grade it's
69.
I mean, what could come more than that?
It felt an the.
A NEG!
63.
Yeah.
Oh, mowing for the.
Oh, yeah
It's not waiting for that.
All right.
With that opportunity
iques you guy could talk
through there.
Drive Gods.
All through it.
An groin 53.
Aging badly 48.
In other words, when they
You know, in their 20s,
They were about for a hot.
They were actually attracted.
It was great.
And now oh, god.
Irreplaceable 46, a swab 23, stinky six, and gross only three.
Thank God, only three of them said that their spouse or mate is gross, gross test.
And of course, probably the ones that, you know, had one like that, if they were smart,
they dumped it already, right?
Right in the river.
They're smart.
John DeBaker, noted today, 125 92 pines, a little more, that's the Home Depot shopping
center, pines and flamingo.
Rollie will be there with the Q and P and I think you said Miguel was going to be there.
Maybe they'll both be there.
I don't know.
But whoever is there is have a limited supply panther parking pass just to give away free
passes to park.
Now that whole rip off the old, that rape of the public doesn't start to show to the
life first.
But, you know, what's wrong with having a parking pass?
Just another way of sticking to the organization that's trying to stick it to you folks.
Oh, it's speaking of our schedule today.
I'm so glad I thought of that.
We were going to have bow on today, but I'm sure somebody thought better of that because
it's Tuesday.
It means it's the Jacques Martin Spragge show with three to seven known to panther coach,
Jacques Martin.
So Geltie's on instead of bull because you know the idea of bull interviewing the panther
coach is I'm sure that Geltie will press the issue of the parking situation.
Not, not.
And of course, it's well, like, that coach has nothing to do with that.
He got on the right.
Mad Dog 4 to 650.
It's 650.
It's Hurricane's baseball against Fordham.
Fordham.
Talk about a little girl school.
Any kids in a clock tonight.
Who was the Fordham Flash?
Was that Frankie Fish?
Huh?
I'm asking, Josh, she's the sportsman, even.
Oh, yeah, because I know so much about Fordham and about Frankie Fish who died a hundred
years ago.
Look up Google Fordham Flash.
That was the nickname for some great athlete.
I think it was Frankie Fish.
San Diego woman says she was fire-traving in Arizona, bumper sticker.
How do you like that?
This is what America is becoming, boys and girls.
Although I do have one good piece of news.
Where is it?
I said the good news.
Way in the back of my pile.
People were wondering, oh.
Before I do that about the San Diego bitch, Jay Benish.
This is Aurora, Colorado.
Good news tonight.
Oh.
Jay Benish returned to his classroom yesterday morning as Overland High School sought
to return normalcy in the wake of an actual controversy over his teaching methods.
Mr. Benish is a member of our family and essentially welcome back here.
Said principal, Jan or Freeler in a brief press conference outside of the school.
A type, by the way, happy forum.
Frankie Fish.
What I tell you, Ford and Flash,
but why no my crap, my useless trivia or what?
Let's get my Spadilla and hear Play the Little Trivia.
What do you say?
No.
A tight ring was kept on members of the media who restricted one spot on the north side
of the school property.
Didn't see Benish enter the building.
It was the first day back in class for Benish after being put on paid administrative leave,
March 1.
After a tenth graders, 21 minute recording of a Benish lecture,
the way world geography classes made public.
As recording the teacher, little snitch, okay, ought to be shot.
Benish was reinstated Friday after two days of meetings between Benish,
Chirwick Creek School officials, and Benish's attorney, David, don't call me lowest lane.
Benish has been widely criticized for politically charged remarks caught on the recording
of a February 1 class.
His comments that they included is drawing a comparison between President Bush and
Adolf Hitler.
What's wrong with that?
I've been saying that for about two years now, at least.
Freiler yesterday morning said to him, well aware that Benish's geography discussion
typically will be on learning the names of Ververs Mountain Rages and Save Capitals.
It's not about maps anymore, if you said.
It's about politics.
It's about religions.
It's about culture.
In other words, about real things about life as opposed to where is the say-law
on the map, which had any of them there anymore in our Sri Lanka, man.
It's still a turd.
One of Benish's students, sophomore Chelsea Williams, said she's glad Benish is back in
the classroom.
She doesn't expect to see much change.
He might be a little more cautious now, if you said, who was in the specific class that
been recorded by classmate Sean Allen.
Oh, we're going to get your ass, Sean.
The whole class is going to like corner you and beat you to a bloody pulp.
How do you like that?
I thought he made it clear he wasn't saying Bush and Hitler were the same person, but
I think some students might have got the wrong impression.
Yeah.
They're not the same person, they're just similar in their tactics.
That's right.
Although, Hitler was a much better speaker.
Right.
More dynamics, more.
And he was at least able to speak that language.
The one he was supposed to speak, as opposed to...
Abu Garib.
San Diego woman's statue was fired for having an air-america bumper sticker.
Linda LaRocca has filed suit against her former manager Beverly Fath and her former
company, Advanced Sales and Marketing Inconscendio.
It will be because she says she was fired at it because of a bumper sticker.
According to LaRocca, Fath saw her 1360 Air-America Talk Radio bumper sticker and called it,
that Al Franken left her in radical radio station, by the way, Franken in 49 minutes.
LaRocca says, Fath and told her the country is on a state of high alert for all I know
you could be Al Qaeda and fired around the spot.
Because he has an air-america bumper sticker, you could be Al Qaeda.
Should've said we're firing you for having bad taste.
Yeah.
California's labor law prohibits employers from controlling or directing their employees'
political activities.
LaRocca's seeking lost wages and damages done only for violation of the state labor law,
but for wrongful termination, emotional stress and violation of the state constitution.
I say like $50 million is easy to this broad.
And as far as Beverly Fath is concerned, screw you, honey.
What a joke.
Put her in the same category with Joyce.
Stick a rubber ball in the mouth, okay?
Where's the circle with that rubber ball?
Excuse me, but I do believe that's just egg.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I think my finish slip poem, you see the way they slow me down.
I think my finish slip poem.
I think my finish slip poem.
If uh well yea i got a bad man right y'know that.
mile i was able to let go it's elevencenten to q and make sure Josh was
olabilir it's like sticking liuzer he was in the bathroom.
you know he been spaying lot of time in the bathroom lately
hey I came back lets come on.
You know that was just uh you know what, one of those uh one of those things.
a short break. Paul in LA says a whole bunch of stuff here in Longfanks is
thank you Paul but to go away. Very long and very
ponderous. I bet you we got almost a thousand votes now. Yeah yesterday if you
missed the show Josh Corris was in the teary room for like about a half an hour
there to land a part of the show and we were wondering if he'd ever come back.
But he said he was having a comfortable doose and you know
974 votes. I mean what's more important okay a comfortable dooser taking
here at minutes. I guess he was. It's right. 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6
and they've arrived in singular wireless lines only 42 minutes away from
that bigger prince. I thought it was going to be snowing here today but they
can't forecast the weather here for crap which is great. You know that last
night I got up to like 50 at 60 degrees and then this morning was like 34.
In fact right now it's 32 but the sunny shining and there's no snow so we'll
take it. You stay where you are and I'll stay where I am. Okay.
Vanity Fair reports that former Washington Post executive editor Ben Bradley
says it's reasonable to assume even though he deny the same as the former State
Department of Official Richard Armageddon's likely the source to reveal
say operator Valerie claims name to the post assistant managing editor Bob Woodward.
An article to be published in the magazine today in Vanity Fair Bradley is
quoted as saying that Armageddon is the likely source to let me say it again
that Armageddon is the likely source to say for assumption. Armageddon's with Deputy
Secretary of State and President Bush's first term. In interview yesterday
Bradley says he does know the identity of what we're sourcing is not
recall making that precise statement to a Vanity Fair reporter. He said he has no
interest on masking the official. I don't think I said it. He said well he
gets to be his aide you know. I know who his sources but I don't want to get
into what I haven't told us so who it is. Bob Vanity Fair says he said it was
Richard Armageddon. Who do you believe? I believe Vanity Fair my son.
In fact don't we have a bit on the cover of Vanity Fair? Yes we do.
I think it goes.
I don't believe it. Just look at that girl. She's a big name beauty who's appeared in movies
and you've seen her in the picture show. I saw Ghost Bruce Willis is her hubby and she's got a little
baby that she brings to this studio. Right she makes a whole town and told her
how can the clothes not the clothes she doesn't wear. How can the clothes
that are painted on the girl is thank you.
I'm a cover of the Vanity Fair. Vanity Fair. Okay that's no.
20 past 11 at 5.60 WQAM. Fine gold. Remember that big
sinister you're going to have a by yesterday with the rest fine gold.
Then of course Arlen and then Inspector there tried to like shut them up.
Well I want to have a copy of that anyway. He's holding up like here's the copy.
Okay set up you idiot. Go find that magic bullet on the stretcher.
Get lost. But the Democrats continue to be spineless like a money lily
fashion and it's just your American middle girls.
That little girls would be an insult to little girls.
Democrats distance themselves yesterday from Wisconsin Center,
Russ Fine gold efforts to censure President Bush over domestic spying.
maneuvering to prevent a vote that could alienate voters.
See that's what it's all about. We don't want to alienate the voters.
Now what's good for the country. Now what makes sense.
Now what people responsible people ought to be doing.
Oh we don't want alienate voters.
When you know something you deserve the crashing that you're getting.
The Democrats you deserve exactly what you've got.
Because you suck.
Republicans dared Democrats to vote for the proposal.
Some Democrats in Congress said they decided the president is the enemy.
Vice President stood.
Did I Dick Cheney told a Republican audience and fine gold's home state.
Fine gold a potential presidential candidate sit on the Senate floor.
The president is violated.
A law in Congress must be spined.
A formal censure by Congress is an appropriate and responsible first step to assure the public
that when the president thinks he can violate the law without consequences.
Congress has the will to hold him accountable.
Even as he spoke.
Democratic leaders maneuvered to hold off the immediate vote that
majority leader Bill Fist requested.
Throughout today fine gold's fellow Democrats said they had a
citizen's frustration but they held back support for the resolution.
Several said they wanted to firstly the Senate and Togans committee finish an
investigation to be warmless for having program that pushed authorizes part of his war on terrorism.
I said a news conference whether he'd vote for the central resolution.
Senate minority leader Harry Reid and the Vandida declined to endorse the Senate and read it.
Yeah right.
But it beat but it boop but it about.
All picking up right where John Kerry left off in 2004.
That's a lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely.
And then of course is the
that one.
Senator Jew Lieberman said he hadn't read it either.
Wasn't inclined simply to school the president.
I prefer to see a solve the problem he told reporters.
Right.
I'm sorry.
He said I prefer to see a yeah.
He would be with the wine.
Piece of Dreck God happy.
Purim Jew Lieberman get lost.
Nancy Pelosi said she understands fine gold's frustration.
The facts about the NSA domestic surveillance program have been disclosed
appropriate to the Congress or office in the statement.
Both the House and Senate must fully investigate the program and
assign responsibility for any laws that may have been broken.
And of course it's got quotes.
I'm not going to read the resolution because it's a it's a
mood point you know.
It's like reading the Constitution on here.
What's the point?
It's like your president said just a piece of paper.
Who cares?
Howard Stern fumes its CBS.
You care about this?
No.
Evidently not too many others.
The cause letterman got pounded by Leno last night.
That's what Ms. Fodd says.
You know, the well of Parsons.
Drudge.
Yeah.
So I thought that he wanted to be Walter Winshield.
But he wants to be the well of Parsons.
And doing a hell of a job lady.
Hey man, do fairy.
Radio shock Jack Howard Stern.
And I wonder why they all in all the other.
They always had the old executive and then they shocked this.
Shock my ass.
Know what technicals and said?
Something like that.
Radio shock Jack Howard Stern is returning.
You know I'm having a since I had that dental work last week.
Yeah.
I think he like maybe it was having my mouth jammed open for like an hour 20 minutes
straight.
Yeah, that'll do it.
For like the upper inside or I cheek is like jammed against it.
I've already had the wisdom tooth out up there.
It was like on both sides.
And so I'm like talking like thatty duck now until that either heals up up there
or made through.
I'm even going to get that tooth shaved down.
I'm going to have to sue that dentist.
Because I never had that problem before.
You know what I'm saying?
Right.
I think it my mouth jammed open in a very unnatural position.
Which I know the position my mouth should be in when it's well.
Howard Stern resumed his war words with CBS.
On CBS.
And guess what website this is on?
Capitol Hill Blue?
No.
CBS?
Yes.
Stern who's a...
Stern who's in broil in a money million dollar breach of contract lawsuit filed against him by
his ex and floor was back on the Tiffany Network Monday for an appearance last night on the
literature with David Letterman.
Stern left CBS and said to move to satellite radio.
Letterman gave Stern a good nature introduction.
It's weird not having Howard on the regular radio said Letterman while Stern was still backstage.
It's like having a loved one who passed you who passed away.
You can still sense his presence but you can only contact him to satellite radio.
Oh no wonder I don't want to say a show.
But there were no hearts and flowers and reconciliation was definitely not on the menu.
Stern strode on stage wearing what he called the official.
I hate Leslie Moonvese shirt with a photo of Moonvese CBS president and CEO at the Oscars.
Sterners signed with serious satellite radio to escape classes over the off and over the line
content of his show.
Blasted Moonvese were parting at the Oscars at a time when the network's rated division
profits are down in the wake of Stern's exit.
Way down. Way way down.
The only problem being that serious and the exam are also of tourists.
I did nothing that they did not approve said Stern.
Leslie Moonvese has taken a stockholders money and filed a frivolous lawsuit to try to cover
what's going on in the radio division.
That's not how CBS saw it.
This missing suggestion that there was never to keep Stern off the Letterman show.
We did not stand in the way of Howard appearing on our own airwaves tonight since CBS
in a statement.
We believe his appearance was his desperate attempt to distract attention from the facts of the case.
We hope and subsequently coverage of that appearance that the media has not seduced
her fooled it anyway.
Howard Stern has done something wrong and we intend to demonstrate this wrongful conduct in court.
No, you and people did something wrong.
You left him on the air when he was promoting a series.
You could have taken him off at any point, but you wanted to continue squeezing that sponge
and getting every last dime out of his ass while he was still on your stations.
That's what it's all about CBS.
Letterman, though, of course, sucking up tossed in a few kind words for the boss.
Pointed to Moonves' record as the man who took the network from third to first place,
Letterman said, you cannot acknowledge the... you can't not acknowledge the success that the guys had.
CBS has breached a contract lawsuit against Stern as agent on Buckwald and sees that a real agent.
And Sirius has claimed that in the final months of the network he improperly used CBS
radio airwaves to promote his new show on Sirius.
CBS also says Stern discusses plans with Sirius without disclosing them to CBS
as he was contractually required to do and a partridge in a pair of three.
You missed that?
I bet you missed it.
Yeah, I bet you missed this fax somebody just sent over here.
About representative Harris, made by a law and a Senate race.
You mean the story that we hit on yesterday?
Yeah, that's the one.
That's the one again today with an update.
That's the one. That's what we hit all day.
Oh, and you hear about her plane?
What about it?
I heard that.
A Senate patent... oh wait a minute, attorney who gave off limits in photo-wit,
no, this is Needs a Lawyer.
Government attorney, I don't know what that means.
Do you have any idea what that means?
No.
Just in though on CNN, breaking news.
Government attorney could be held in criminal contempt good.
At least they don't have what's your name on it from the Pentagon.
That guy who dressed up as a woman.
Hey, beach Ford has gone mad speaking enough to crazy people.
Madness in March is going on right now and all this month at beach Ford.
They just missed having a record last month so they planned to break that record this month.
Right now, I'm spending care of Ford in 450.
There was always 249 bucks a month with just $995 downpuss fees for the proprosite in the 39 monthlies.
Madness in March at beach Ford means you must be mad.
You've got to be nuts.
Not to take advantage of rebates and discounts up to 10 grand on all new and used vehicles.
If you're not in the market for a new car right now, we know somebody who is,
send them into beach Ford because if they take delivery in March,
beach Ford will send you 200 bucks in cash just for you sending them by.
Go miss out on this once a year of Aunt Beach Ford's madness in March going on right now.
You can't be anywhere.
Extended care for F-150 is the lowest 249 bucks a month.
Discounts and rebates up to 10 grand and $200 just for sending via friend.
Hurray and Beach Ford is located two miles east of Golden Glaze on 163th
being West Exe Highway tell Paul that old Neil sent you by because I guarantee you,
it's absolutely beyond a shadow of a doubt that you're going to love your beach Ford experience.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
Who's going to get a breaky of hope?
She's a bad city but the land is still a totally freaking out.
We're going with Ray and Spot.
When you smile that's your boy, he feels like in his gut.
But in your last year,
till she had your happy Lincoln her past.
Oh my god, she's not gonna be.
She's not gonna be.
She's been feeling fine.
She's feeling she can't drop.
It doesn't matter if you're handsome or a big fat fly.
She's just my election.
The last thing you know you're giving your wife to.
I can't get some apples.
I'm an angelina Jolie.
No.
Oh, here she comes.
And you need not want your guy.
Oh, here she comes.
She's a bad city and a bad city.
Oh, here she comes.
Kissing off the other way.
Oh, here she comes.
She's a bad city and a bad city.
Oh, did I mention prosecutors to say that the 14-year-old boy
who was beaten and kicked by guards in a juvenile boot camp
did not die of a blood disorder as a medical examiner initially ruled.
And of course they got the video tape.
Let's go to the video tape.
Okay, here it is.
And they beat the crap out of him and he died.
So all that crap about O's sickle cell and it was in an AKL right.
Even the right-wing New York Post remember the article I had yesterday
about Secretary of Hays here is Michael Levitt?
Yes.
About the tuna and powdered milk.
Even Rupert Murdoch's extremely right-wing New York Post is making part of that.
They got an online article today.
It's a headline says fishy bird-thru advice.
With the picture of Michael Levitt under it says stock up on tuna.
Uncle Sam is advising.
Oh God.
Uncle Sam is advising people to store canned tuna and powdered milk under their beds.
To be ready for an avion flu outbreak.
What we're talking about here is preparedness and preparedness saves lives,
Secretary of HHS Michael Levitt, who made the recommendation over the weekend in Chian
and Wyoming.
Adgressingly, Wyoming pandemic clues some it.
The nation's health chief said, when you go to the store and buy three cans of tuna fish
by a fourth and put it under the bed.
When you go to the store to buy milk by powdered milk and put that under the bed.
Levitt also said people should try to accumulate up to a six-week supply of food,
water, medicine, and other essentials.
Preparations should be no different than for a two-week blizzard.
It's just a good idea, he said.
It's called self-reliance.
His advice recalls a February 2003 recommendation from ex-Holman Security Secretary Tom Ridge
by duct tape to seal off your home in the event of a chemical or biological strike.
Don't forget the green.
The recommendation sparked a run on duct tape or was rescinded a week after
a critic such as Mayor Bloomberg called it preposterous.
But, apostorous, I'm just saying with the censor ridiculous ludicrous,
keep everybody on edge, baby, keep them peeing in their pants because it's all about safety,
safety, safety.
So what if the Arabs are running the ports?
Who the hell cares?
And by the way, I have some bad news on that too.
Do you?
Where's that story about the Dubai folks?
By the way, Oprah, you're going to do that show in the Dubai command opera.
We have sell out.
Wouldn't be the first time.
The Dubai owned company that promised to surrender its US port operations has no immediate plans
to sell its US subsidiaries interested in Miami's report.
I've seen an executive wrote yesterday in a private email to business associates.
Even if DP World War II sell its Miami operations to quell the congressional
fuel over an airborne to company management in the US ports,
that would probably take a while, wrote Robert Scavone,
a vice president for DP World's US subsidiary.
The email obtained by the AP added to questions raised since DP World's announcement last week
that will divest US port operations required when it bought London-based peninsula and Oriental
steam navigation company.
DP World has said those operations are worth roughly 700 million bucks.
The takeover touched off a political uproar over the Bush administration's earlier approval
of the deal without an intensive 40-day security investigation.
The company initially sought to acquire it to dispute by submitting voluntarily to such
investigation last week DP World backed away from the deal further.
It pledged to transfer fully its US operations to an unspecified American company
and said DP World will suffer no economic loss.
The company is steadfastly declined to clarify a statement or the timing of any possible sale.
Meeting congressional critics have threatened to intervene if DP World's
plans fall short of a full divestiture of its US operations.
Scavone told AP an interview that his email was intended to reassure officials
that the port of Miami-Terminal operating company, which manages operations there and is
owned by DP World subsidiary, that uncertainty surrounding the Dubai port
deal would not affect its work in Miami.
All right, now that we should care about such matters, okay?
Why not let the air be run a whole thing?
I think it's racist.
It's Islam of the...
Yeah, there you go.
If we don't want to let them, it's just because there are a bunch of terrorists out there.
I mean, the whole thing is so idiotic on the face of it.
Got all these footprints.
You know, and of course there was due librem and basically saying the same thing.
You see him stand up there and say,
Oh, here he is.
Don't want to send our air friends and don't want to piss off the Earth's street.
Him and Susan Collins, although at least he's usually lately on the right side of issues,
but she's still whining and annoying.
But he's on a whining and annoying on the wrong side of every issue, due librem.
I hope he chokes on his humontos, you know, he like that.
He has probably eaten him little stale kind, a little bricks.
10-10 wins New York.
I mean, 10-10 votes.
Look at that.
It's only a little after 7-30.
Yeah, we're going to care package from Dave Halverson already.
I beg your pardon?
He always sends something on porno.
But he knows I'm not there.
He doesn't want to send humontosons to go in.
He sends it anyway and I do eat it.
Well, you better get there today.
I guess he forgot about you.
But as far as Josh is concerned, he don't need to be eating any more free food.
We're making too many trips to the tea room these last couple of days.
What is all about at the free food now?
I don't think they're really annoying.
This thing around the room.
Yeah, I think I'm going to sue this dentist.
Remember I raved about how good he was?
Yes, he did.
I think either way he's got to like,
chop down the side of that tooth up there.
It's like cutting into my cheek.
Oh, no.
You ever heard that?
Yeah.
You have?
Well, I mean, everyone wants to take a bite out of your cheek and you're...
Well, I'm not talking about biting the cheek.
I'm talking as I'm talking, it's like cutting into the...
Oh, that part of the cheek there and everything that before.
I think he's got my mouth all sideways now.
Uh-oh.
I think my bicuspids are where my mole was used to be.
I don't even know what bicuspids are.
Ask, uh, what's his name?
Brian Williams there.
He's got a love teeth.
Okay, little tiny ones.
Pakistan weekly spills 9-11 beans.
Oh, God.
Maybe that's what smells so bad.
Someone in Paki, guys.
The Pakistan Ford office had paid tens of thousands of dollars to lobbyists in the U.S.
to get anti-Pakistan references dropped from the 9-11 inquiry commission report
that Friday times is claimed.
Where's that newspaper in Calcutta, India?
What are they hating southern like poison?
They had it.
Like poison.
The Pakistan-E Weekly Senate story is based on disclosures made by foreign service officials
to the Public Accounts Committee, the secret meeting in Islamabad on Tuesday.
It claimed that some of the commission members were also bribed to prevent them from
including damaging information about Pakistan.
The magazine said the PAK revealed officials in the presence of foreign secretary,
Rias Mohamed Khan.
See, they all got the same names.
And special secretary, Shere Afghan, on the money paid to lobbyists.
They were hounding him.
The disclosure sheds doubt on the integrity, the members of the 9-11 inquiry commission
and above all, the authenticity of the information on their final report.
It said the report quoted an officer saying that dramatic changes were made in the final
draft for the inquiry commission after lobbyists got to work.
The panel was formed in probably 9-11 terror attack and made suggestions to fight terrorism.
After the commission tipped lobbyists about the damaging revelations on Pakistan's rule in 9-11,
they contacted the panel members, asked them to go soft on the country.
The Friday Times claims a lot of money was used to silence these members.
Oh, there's nothing like a silent member.
Accordingly, reports lobbyists also have Pakistan win the Assembly of 75 U.S. Congressman,
as part of its strategy to guard Islamabad's interest in Washington.
U.S. softened toward Pakistan only because of the efforts of the foreign office,
an official was quoted saying in the report.
The Pakistan Foreign Office, dependent on the decision of hired lobbyists,
saying it was an established practice in the U.S.A.
Lobbyists, man, just like Bob Dola knows the schmathads from the UAEA.
And I'm sure about the Islamabad meeting said money could play an important role in buying
powerful people. The remark came in response to comments made by some U.S. officials after
9-11 that Pakistanis will sell their mothers for a dollar.
Right, I won't give you a fiddiescent.
Pakistan had emerged as a frontrunner in the fight against terrorism,
at least by the U.S. after the terrorist attacks,
Washington published billions of dollars to win President Pervesma's share of support
and launching a crackdown. I'll try to never thrive on a Pakistan-Afghanistan border.
And of course, I give it all the nukes from Angos to India just a few days ago.
Prove they were wasting all their money.
How are those Angos? I haven't gotten money yet.
I don't know. I know that the U.S.
were talking noodles are pretty good.
That was amazing. That was fabulous.
I mean, it was only one guy. It's not like we had a flood of people.
If you were going around asking people, what about the insure talking noodles?
They'd look like, hey, why?
What do you say?
Enjoy your suggestion, you say that.
You probably put that red apple in your mouth.
My spouse or a significant other is
2015 votes. A treasure 190. Don't have one 185.
Sensational 109.
As in PT 109.
Hot 95. Don't we own that station? Hot 95.
I think it was INZO. We don't.
I hate this pool 91. A pain but greatness acts 76.
A nag 68.
Annoying 61.
Irreplaceable 57 and you were laughing at that guy.
And I was too.
Aging badly 48.
A slog 26.
Stinky 6.
Fae and Gross.
Sultimatate trace.
And Scott.
Missed 6562.
A.
Our David's a bitch.
Oh,
the door.
The door.
The door.
The door.
The door.
The door.
The door.
The door.
The hat.
And all the wood.
That's really Saturday.
He's got a lot of noise to talk about.
He's got a lot of noise to talk about.
I don't give a crap.
What's that very has to say?
You see what's that close to?
Things to guys.
That's what I'm doing.
I'll have you know.
I know what I'm talking about.
I'm remodeling at the condo.
I take the elevator down.
And on my way to the car when I pull my clothing basket out,
I give a three condo.
Face it.
The door.
He's a back and towel.
The door.
The back and towel.
The door.
The door.
The door.
The back and towel.
The door.
The door.
The door.
The door.
The door.
The door.
The door.
The door.
The door.
The door.
The door.
I said the door.
The back and towel.
Why you.
I got a whole new sport old food.
I know everything that's going on in bad rules.
Why I even know all the new mud on rules.
I beg to the judge.
I beg to the judge.
You guys are going back to life.
You said that is true when I take your place.
I know I ain't no way of playing me.
But when they drop my voice, we'll change.
You little smoothies in the cold.
I'm just going to go.
I'm just going to go.
I'm just going to go.
I'm just going to go.
I'm just going to go.
I'm just going to go.
I'm just going to go.
Speaking of two o'clock this afternoon, we got Geldy Tudafoe,
because we can't make a butter mine who we want no more.
That's just the, it's even to be a source of such an embarrassment and humiliation.
I mean, it's the 14th of March for Christ's sakes.
Anyway, Geldy Tudafoe was dropped Martinly a froggy coach of your panthers of three,
and he'll give you all sorts of answers and alibis.
We're going to make the playoffs. We're going to make the playoffs.
Mad Dog, four to six 50.
Hurricane's baseball against Fordham.
Frankie first to Fordham Flash, six 50.
He's playing tonight and then 80k at 10.
Yeah, by the way, Rollie's already out there.
It's John the Baker.
Well, how do you like that?
The early bird gets the worm.
That's true.
And that's what they're giving him.
Rollie is at John the Baker right now until to this afternoon.
He's the early bird you toured.
That's at 125.92 pounds of bull or other John the Baker location in Home Depot Shopping Center,
Pines of Lomingo.
He's got the QAM best of...
Ferdinand.
Stuff.
CDs and T-shirts.
And he has a limited supply to get their early of Panthers parking passes,
which is our way of protesting against this grotesque, this outrageous rape of the...
Not going to Panthers fans, but anybody else who's going to the Macarena to attend a concert,
a curling match, whatever they're going there for, you know.
Just once again, sticking it to the public.
Stick it, stick it.
It's not bad enough that they soak in those ridiculous prices for the tickets.
That's not bad enough for what's usually like a minor league team.
That's not bad enough.
And they're not bad enough that they're overcharging for the really mediocre concessions.
The food that my dogs wouldn't have eaten.
No, that's not bad enough.
If it's not, you know, I just refuse to show for that organization.
I mean, it's pointless because all the years that that thing has been around,
and it's basically a massive failure, okay?
And it's always well, you know, look at this and they're re-signed,
you open in, and they're like right on the verge,
and they're only like 11 points B-I-F.
11 points behind my ass.
You got a better chance to make an apply off the Navy.
How do you like that?
George.
Oh, good.
I'm there.
I can't believe I have the same guy from LA that facts before.
There's this desperate for me to read.
Well, this is kind of interesting.
Check out the article from the LA Times entitled,
Cable's Fall From Grace.
Now, the only interesting part is this is the article also tells the truth
about Nancy Grace's story of being in alleged crime victim.
On that issue, the article reads,
this week the New York Observer reported that Grace is frequently repeated
to counter the tragedy that made her a crime victim
doesn't quite comport with the facts.
Her version of the event in Sligalaptimath,
notwithstanding it turns out that Grace's fiance Keith Griffin
was not the victim of random robbery murder,
but instead was killed by a mildly retarded former co-worker
that scrambled over his recent firing.
When it comes to Grace's record,
his Fulton County prosecutor, CNN headlined,
chooses to overlook the fact that since she became a broadcaster,
a federal appeals court and the Georgia Supreme Court
have overturned three of the conditions she obtained as DA,
and in each instance stated her unethical conduct.
How do you like that?
Oh my God!
Grace, my ass!
God is she annoying.
Yes, and an unethical hair.
Oh, geez.
Okay, Fran, well thank you, Fran.
It's folny as a 46-and-a-half-dollar bill. Good God.
And this is what television is.
Television is the evil, forget about Iran, Iraq, North Korea.
Television is the most evil force in the world.
Now how would Beel set, and he wouldn't have set it?
Who knows what kind of crap will be peddling for truth on television?
And that's right.
That's what they peddle crap.
And there's that wolf blitzkrieg, man,
with his hip boots all the way up to his name, Ass.
And yeah, I like to fact that Jack can't,
no matter what he says, Jack can't really just blows him off.
You know, he just continues rambling and rambling.
I like Jack can't really layly.
I think he was in the same class that Lou Dodd's got.
He went together.
They got the same bug.
Because they generally tended to be pretty much,
you know, suck ups for the right wing.
But now all of a sudden they both in the last few weeks are like rip and ass.
And he was making fun, Jack can't really yesterday,
about that whole bird-thoof thing in the milk,
and the powdered milk under the bed, and a tuna, and what a joke.
And the wolf blitzkrieg stands in with a straight face and says,
well, Jack, or the possibility of a worldwide pandemic
that couldn't pay a man, and can't really just bloom right off.
The most vorish Jack ass that was hit by television,
wolf blitzkrieg, I hope they drag your ass off.
They need the middle of a news case, you idiot.
I hope the liberals come in there and take over CNN.
Take your hostage.
God, what a joke.
Especially the Dan of Bash and the Dan Kira Phillips,
the two of them.
The El Antichristi, two of them.
See, who said it was only going to be one antichrist, right?
Could there be several antichrists?
Let me check.
I'll look it up.
Here's an update on the good news from Iraq, because there isn't any.
Oh, we're fine.
Well, can you believe that Dan Stewart is dead?
That's good, yeah.
Kookie.
Shocking.
A lot younger than we are.
How old were you to say he would have been at the, about 40?
40 something.
He was just a couple years older than me.
He was older than you are?
Yeah.
No, even older than I am.
Nobody's older than me.
Except in South Florida.
Police found the bodies are at least 85.
Now, every hour of the story continues going up and up and up.
And up and up.
The numbers keep going up and up.
Only we wish our numbers could keep going up like that.
That's what they're saying across the street.
Where they got the intellectual OJ Juus McDuffie show going on.
And then Sid the Kid Rosenberg.
I wonder if he's still around.
Police found the bodies of at least 85 people killed by execution style shootings in the past 24 hours.
A gruesome wave of appearance, sectarian reprisal slangs, official said today.
Did you get that sectarian reprisal slangs?
What is that?
It's a civil war, baby.
And just like the article said the other day, it's always been a civil war.
It's nothing new.
This is just that Sodom had them under wraps.
It did include at least 27 bodies stacked in a mass grave in the Eastern Shiite neighborhood of Baghdad.
Ah, Shiite, man.
Wow, just don't stop.
How are we doing to join the Baker?
We're going to get a room out.
I bet you we get a report at noon.
Bet you did.
Next break.
Do you think, Josh?
I would think so, yeah.
Yeah.
Goose that thing up.
We can get up to like 20 grand today if we really get a big crowd there at John the Baker.
But when you get some of that great food, buy yourself a nice meal.
I give you a bunch of them garlic rolls just for mentioning my name.
Garlic rolls as big as con bow campers head.
Man.
But most importantly, I'll get your free pants or parking passes after you give us your money.
And by the way, ours is tax deductibles for a pant and a pair rescue.
I just mentioned that in passing, too.
As opposed to that big brother big sister routine at the panthers you're doing, you're full of it, okay?
Everybody that comes in here, everybody that walks on your lot wants a certify.
Receipt signed by Alan Cohen and his brother Marty.
How do you like them apples?
Oh, I think that people are like, if they're going to pull that crap, I think people are going to say that all the way.
Don't even go.
Right.
I'm not going to anymore.
In fact, I'm looking to see, well, although even though they're not doing it yet, I think it's a protest to nip it in the bud so they don't do it.
Just don't go.
Refuse to park, refuse to pay, refuse to allude.
That's my suggestion.
Refuse to get ripped off by an organization that's given you such a service for.
All these years, I guarantee you one thing was a hell of a lot more fun even though they weren't, you know, they had that one big year,
but back in the Miami arena, those were the days, that was a lot of fun.
Different crowd, different ambiance.
Yeah, so they were losing a lot of money, but we can't afford it.
It was fun.
Never missed a home game.
But in the new joint there like I could walk from my house to do, you know that.
Yeah, a little bit of a hike, but I could do it.
I wouldn't go to those games if they paid me $100 to come in the door.
Maybe a thousand and immediately head over to the Indians.
Speaking of popping a park, what's going on in July?
We got to wait until we get those slots going.
He told me, huh?
I don't know.
Let's get with it.
Let's get the ball going.
Let's get a rolling baby.
Let's get the thing on the road.
You like it, the slots for the roll.
Then I might actually show up once in a while there.
100 of my guts out.
Can you imagine the beast once they start that?
Oh boy.
In fact, forget about him.
What about daddy?
He's going to be broke.
This is Neil Rogers.
Sorry, my beast.
He's 5.62.8.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
Well, I never thought I'd find the guy no ride that I'd been doing the round bit today.
Now it's a classic set of wheels mixed up for when your rubber would die again.
Now it'd be the time that the drink is cold and it does not the bossy type of thing.
It doesn't get a liquid cherry yolk.
Oh baby.
What could that good ought to cherry cherry be baby?
Oh baby.
Shiny little building.
Very fishy.
It's a big kid.
Now it's the one down south of the road.
It's a big status soup of that way.
Now with the harvest stock, the big deal is a big deal.
So they'll get around the picture for greats.
I got 79 on both Catalina.
She's gonna confide now.
It's my baby, Cadillac.
Tall baby.
Cooler than her daughter, cherry cherry.
It's a tall baby.
Shiny little building.
Very fishy.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
I grab my wind those down on our hearts on the day because they're nacing down with no wind.
The sweaty pressure of our seeds comes besweil against the tossing water in the first time.
I'm not that big of a mind.
The shiny ground is no like lies.
That's my coffee churned juice.
I've been washing it with all the road.
Tall baby.
Cooler than her daughter, cherry cherry.
It's a big deal.
Tall baby.
Michael's shopping crew's going over to speed folks saying from school.
Tall baby.
First of all, it's a very big fancy to be baby.
Tall baby.
Crazy.
Okay, trouble one at 560 WQ.
I'm happy Tuesday today and our total is zero right now.
We moved by that.
We got nothing right now.
No, you didn't get a call or you got a call.
I got a call but a call for no money.
We have no money.
We got not already done now.
And John the Baker?
I mean, granted, it was as a voice to start till noon.
People are going to magically show up there just because it's 12 minutes.
Oh, Raleigh is zero already.
We're going to transport themselves like Mr. Spock.
Yeah, that's exactly what we expected.
Rubbed their ears and all of a sudden they would show up there.
You better get there between now and two.
We're going to be pretty porked off.
Maybe they're saving the money that we're going to give us.
And they're going to use it for their parking roll for their own parking privileges.
Say that charity girl.
I can't stop thinking about how stupid that is.
It's just it's just not in the face.
It's unbelievable because when I told you about it, you didn't believe it.
No, I thought I thought Beast made it up.
Right.
Just trying to start up.
And I clicked on a Harold and fits in.
The Harold is about a 30% chance it might be true.
About 30, man.
John.
Let's see.
Here's a poll suggestion.
Okay, I'll put that in my pile.
Thank you.
By the way, Sean, your poll stuff yesterday.
He tries very hard.
We appreciate it, but it's been pretty weak.
Pretty lame.
Tell the idea that if they keep encouraging people to bring the kids, you know,
and make them fans, and yoddy-oddy-oddy.
So here's mommy and daddy and the two kids.
That's four people.
That's 20 bucks to walk in there.
To walk in?
Well, think of you'll save five if you drive in.
That would be like you go to a Wendy's, for example.
Now, I know that some fast food joints, they frown on walk-ups, you know.
I'm not really sure why.
I guess they went to the streets like drones and deadbeats or whatever.
They're having a car.
You must be like, I just love, you know.
I've never heard of that.
You're going to be like, do it.
Walking up to the drive-in window and saying, oh, well, you're not in the car.
We're going to charge you an extra ten bucks.
Mm-hmm.
Well, I mean, what is that?
Stupid.
It's a phantom charge.
It's a charge for not parking.
I've never heard of that.
It would be like, if you're driving on a city street and there's like a big parking garage.
Uh-huh.
And you get there and there's a guard stops.
You're in the middle of the street and you say, okay, it'll be five bucks perle.
Because you're not parking in our garage.
The bottom line is they want to make money with their parking lot.
And it hoarts them off when people are not giving them the money to park.
But you know what? Two freaking bands, okay?
Right.
I mean, it's a long slip over there in the sub-rest.
I said, people are willing to walk that long slip.
And I said, you know, there's more power to them.
Plus, everybody's vitching about how fat we all are.
We can use the exercise.
It's good to get some exercise.
Walk across the panther parkway.
God, I hate that whole, this whole deal, the way the people just keep getting screwed and tattooed.
And enough with it already.
That's one of the reasons I'm almost as disillusioned enough that you were vintered in the first place.
The whole sports thing now just turns my stomach tired of it.
What time's the leaves came to that?
I'm just tired of it.
Aren't you?
No.
Yes, I am.
Yes, I am.
It's her on leaf sludge.
How's the weather down there?
I'm only going to tell you this, Bob.
It's 85 today and she's going down to 81 on Monday.
Okay, Gray.
Bill Waters must be in Florida somewhere.
Good place for him.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Sam, good day.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I was just going to agree with what George is saying.
I have a friend of mine who has a bar across the street or in the general area of the, with a panther's play.
And a lot of times they'll have, you know, group of people, eight ten people,
and meet at the bar, have a couple of drinks or bite-dead, and then walk across the street over there.
And they say to themselves, they're saving 15 bucks on the parking and they're eating or something.
Yeah, well, we have a group of ten people that's going to cost them 50 bucks to walk across the street.
Oh, yeah.
Now, what happens if, let's say I walk up there with my wife and two kids and I say to the guy,
well, we're interested in going to the game tonight.
You mean to tell me I got to pay 20 bucks to go in and see if there's any tickets available?
Absolutely, correct.
I'm dying over here.
Okay, good luck to Kelly.
Stay in home.
Moxon on TV for free.
That's my best suggestion to you all.
You really have to listen to Dave Strader who, like Eric Reid, talks to his teeth, talks in.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, it's good afternoon.
Good afternoon, Neil.
I'm sorry.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
Yeah, I just wanted to reference the storage of the tuna and powdered milk.
Right.
The area beneath my bed is already fully consumed.
I have two rolls of duct tape and six rolls of this queen.
Right.
Well, no additional storage.
I think what you can do is go out and pedal that.
You can like, pawn it and then use the money to buy the tuna in the powdered milk.
Exactly.
Oh, one other thing I just wanted to comment on that tease a couple weeks ago,
the tropic did a view, was very, very nicely done.
I liked that head shot that is being on the front cover of you.
Yeah.
But one observation, the wardrobe from 76 when you're at KET, looks like the same guy that you're using now
to pick out your wardrobe.
Yeah, well, this is the wardrobe that I am.
I'm glad that you were impressed by the picture.
Obviously, the pictures of my wardrobe every day now, because obviously you were obsessed with it.
I'm the wardrobe mistress, mister.
I beg your pardon?
You're the one who's in the wardrobe.
I'm the wardrobe mistress.
Okay, that's what you think.
5670560, I'm sitting here in my underwear and he's worried about my wardrobe.
Got the red, red checkered on these though, five short shorts.
And a really nice white t-shirt, clean and pretty.
The other one.
Have any of the blood, blood bonsters?
No, the and these are a plan.
What did I say they were?
Red checkered.
Red checkered.
Cubby checkers.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Now, may generate closing protection letters using our web CTL application on fund.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Hello.
The way I'm, yes.
The way I'm, yes.
How can I buy this?
Oh, I love.
What?
The van never comes downtown and I don't have a computer at home.
How can I buy the CDs?
Can't do it.
5670560, pound five, 60 in the Verizon singular wire.
Wireless line.
Oh, God.
I'm hanging it up, baby.
I just decided I'm hanging up my glove.
I don't have any gloves, but I could have sure used them a couple days this winter.
Probably.
Yeah, I think, I don't know what's going on with my teeth, but I like it.
I'll get like real sensitive now.
You think that's from all that dental work I had, it was only last one?
Maybe.
You think?
Maybe you just thought used to the new piece.
No, the new piece is on the other side.
It's got nothing to do with over in that area.
It's like a, you know, a whole different area, man.
Well, that don't make sense.
It's like, huh?
Well, yeah, but I think that's because that's where you had that rubber ball in my mouth.
Oh, you hear that part of my mouth all jammed open with this big red rubber ball.
Okay.
Whatever they're like, you're the one that told me what it was.
Yeah, it's rubber block.
Right, rubber block.
That's what it was.
There's nothing like having a rubber block chomping down on your gum.
Here's line nine QA of hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
The pay address could probably make more money by charging for the styrofoam cups to put in a low urinals.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Meaning what?
That story that you read about the guy that puts the styrofoam cup in the urinal and then goes and collects it.
That was an Ohio.
Yeah.
He's got Miami Ohio cup.
He was very fond of the ring.
Dominic, QA, I am hello.
Yeah, the welcome charges just like things.
The electricity I never got.
I'll get all the say in this morning.
Like Florida, plunder and loot.
Charging.
Oh, yeah.
Well, maybe they're in Kahoot.
Wow.
They blow.
Okay.
Yeah.
The panthers blow.
Okay.
That's our message to you.
Mike Keenan and Jacques Martin and all the other goy-moveter.
God, whether organization.
The organization wants to keep policing the public.
There's a way to do it.
Oh, but we're doing it for your safety.
No, you're not.
You got your finger right into it.
They want you to, they want to coerce you into parking and giving them your money to park.
In fact, and they're in the port off because all of these people caught on.
They can go.
Like the guy said, they can go right across the street, have a nice meal, a couple of brews, whatever.
Come walk across the street, go over the game.
People do that everywhere.
There's no problem with that.
They do that here all the time.
You think that everybody goes to the hockey or basketball games at the air-candid center is parking there for a ride.
They're pouring across the street over there, pouring across a bay street.
What if you take the bus or a cab?
Yeah.
What if you can't drive?
Yeah, that's a good point.
What if you take a cab?
Is the cab you're going to have to pay like five bucks for him to get in and then five for you also to go to the gate?
Just you.
No, you're probably going to have to pay for himself too because he's a person, maybe.
Although I've seen some of the cabs down there, but never realize you want to see the ones here.
My Schmata head friends.
Boy, they sure love me, man.
Oh my god, they love me.
My bearded Schmata head Indian friends.
See, I get confused with the head gear.
I better take a course on that.
Okay.
They've got a couple of guys who are like, I always call for a cab who are from the line when I'm leaving Woodbine.
Mm-hmm.
And things are just fine.
And it's always from the same company.
So it's usually it's one of the same four or five guys that pressed me up.
And man, are they, but they got like the blue couple of the guys, the old guys with the grey beard, you know?
Yeah.
And they got the blue head gear.
Terbans?
Yeah.
Seeks.
Oh, the one guy said I'm sick.
Like a kid that called there one day.
Right.
Let's go to Mount Sinai.
What is that with a sick, you know?
What was that?
I just put it, what is what?
I don't know.
I'm just sort of tired.
All this religious crap.
I just want to live on a planet where we can get all this, get rid of it.
Also garbage.
That's what everybody's got their own garbage, man.
I'm just tired of it.
All the fairy tales.
Then I see that thing with the polygamous on A&E for two hours last night.
I mean, you talk about, oh, it's just an excuse for these guys screwing everything in sight.
That's all.
And that's all that is, including their daughters and their sisters and everybody that, you know, was wearing a skirt.
And all of them are women either.
Well, what is that?
Sick.
Of course, Utah.
What is so, so holy, so much better than the rest of the world.
What is that thought about?
I know that.
And they also show that because they're so much, oh, at the beginning of the show, I don't know if you didn't see it.
They showed all of the birth defects, you know, because of all of them.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, it goes on.
Because that's part of the deal.
That's right.
That's part of the deal.
The girls, when they get to be a certain age, they have to get married like one of their siblings and they choose it for them.
For the girl they choose.
That's right.
All of them.
They show these, they look like a spaceship presented, you know?
Like delivered.
And one guy, he's five or thirty-some odd children by four different wives.
Right.
That's exactly it.
Man, I wouldn't even, and that would be an insult to the trailer trend.
Right.
New meaning to the words all in the family.
Nice log cabin.
12 minutes past noon at 560 W.F.M.
We got Geltia to this afternoon and I revolving show from two to four.
It's an embarrassment and humiliating.
It would have come to the mattresses.
It's embarrassing if you don't go to a call violin mattress because you're going to get ripped off anyplace else.
The latest gimmick in the mattress business is a sleep number.
Otherwise known as an air mattress.
They're only warranty-dentful for two years.
They squeak.
They pop.
They can lose their setting during the night and they cost you an arm and leg.
If you really want a great high-quality name, Brad mattress that last you for years and years,
then do what I've been doing for a long time.
Call my good friends at violin mattress.
It won 800 mattress.
When you call that number, you'll get no one around.
No showroom, shenanigans.
Just factory-dread prices on the best brands.
You know trust and love.
When you call one 800 mattress, usually largest selection in the state of Florida.
The top names in the business like Sirna, Cele.
Simmons, King Coral, Trevor Pintik, Steerings and Banana Sposter already for a safety delivery.
It prices lower than so-called big name chain stores.
Even during the big sales.
Call one 800 mattress.
You can have the bid.
You want to live a date and time.
You want a two-hour delivery window.
You pick the time.
Two to four three to five and they show up.
I've been a satisfied QM customer for QM customer and dial mattress customer for years.
And you will be too.
Not so satisfied with QM, but I like dial mattress.
Call them today toll-free.
1-800-MATRUS or log onto their website mattress.com.
That's 1-800-MATR-ES.
Leave off the last S because it stands for sensational saving.
This is five!
Stop it!
I was thinking about Tom Jikker again.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5-16-Q-A-E-M.
5-6-6-Q-A-E-M.
Baby launch a couple minutes old.
Yes!
Turned away sweet no.
And aim a mad-of-fellah.
Whose first name begins with old.
There's one thing we all understake.
You have to be finished until we blow up Pakistan.
We could chase and round forever with our tanks and all our crews.
But special forces are so tired of jumping through them.
You throw me knee to another plane.
So let's cut out all the nonsense and go blow up Pakistan.
Oh right!
Now get a knee to nuclear tank.
Why don't we stop the steep food?
You fell and broke blow up Pakistan.
Who knows?
The FBI just died the other day.
He was 75.
He's dead.
Bunch of us boom boom, jeffreyon.
Oh all the time.
And then we got that big name because of his booming slap shot he's dead.
Palestinian prisoners surrendered to Israeli troops.
Guess what walls are tumbling down?
The walls in Jericho are tumbling down.
Six Palestinians in fact they just showed on CNN moments ago.
All those ugly Palestinian prisoners.
Oh boy!
They look nasty.
Although I see I've met some Palestinians who are well.
Six Palestinian inmates surrendered Tuesday after holding up for hours in a Palestinian prison surrounded by Israeli troops sources inside the prison said.
Israel had moved in the seas to prisoners after the US and British monitors left the compound.
And Palestinian guards clandered Israeli forces leaving a Palestinian policeman dead several others wounded.
Israeli defense forces operation comes a week after Palestinian authority president Makhmoud Abbas said he was prepared to free one of these six Ahmed Sadat.
Head of the popular front of the Liberation of Palestine, allegedly ordered the 2001 killing of Israeli troops minister Rahab Ahmed Zemi.
Would you see that American was he a doctor or whatever they had they were holding him hostage to let him they turn him loose.
Good, they scared they scared the she out out of him.
Man, did you see that?
I thought there was Palestinian terrorists those really guts you guys with all the smatters over their heads?
Nice head year.
Anyway, and one more now it's 86.
We're going to try to keep your emotional care about those poor wreckies.
It was 85 on the last break now it's 86.
And speaking of 86, how's our total coming at John the Baker?
Close to that we got 80.
Six?
Sure.
86, the whole thing.
16,750 now we got a shot at getting up there over 17,000.
I mean all we needed was 330 bucks today to go over 17 grand.
You know the need out we're going to do that?
No.
No, we're going to get it.
We got an hour and 40 minutes for Christ's sake.
Come on get away to John the Baker get you a nice lunch.
He only charges you 100 bucks to park there.
That's that the Home Depot shopping center finds in Flamingo 125 92 pounds full of art.
Roles there right now.
Is he giving away any Panthers parking passes? Probably not because nobody wants to go to Panther games anyway.
Anyway speaking of that I got two factions on this.
I hate to break the news to the Panther organization, but you folks have made a bad, bad mistake.
A bad move.
Because we never get factions or crawls about the Panthers, about hockey, about the Macarena, about anything to do with any of this.
All these things.
Do we?
No.
Almost never.
But today you got the people parked off.
Here's the fact that says and I think and it's from University Dodgers, both campers buddies up to it again.
At least they listen.
The food at the office Depot center is not overpriced.
The food it's often stay in is overpriced.
The food and drink at the office Depot center, now they do whatever they want.
The bank and line they rent at the end of the center is highway freaking robbery it says.
Not just overpriced.
Highway freaking robbery underlined it.
A 20 ounce bottle of coke is $5.
$5.
I can buy a case of that for $5.
It says never mind the $7.
Great Dean Burger.
Heard it was right.
For a burger at a ballgame.
How do you like that?
The best part is if this stuff was good, that would be another story.
It is marginal at best.
At best.
Here's one that says how about all the Lexus owners with the John SUVs pick up the people at the mall.
If you're out of the stadium and charge them only.
A very modest.
Eight bucks.
Yeah, that would be good.
That's the fact says.
I want to ask everybody Mark again.
I can tell about a hit or a can.
He's leaving his name over there.
It's him.
It's him.
We're out of your mark.
A single paid fact that's fine.
The first day isn't complete unless he can you know get a fax and he's got to be just like the guy in LA now that Paul guy who sent the follow up.
It was good though about grace grace Nancy or Grace Jones.
Thousand and eight.
We're going to go over 1100 votes on the pull this hour of one thousand ninety three.
And it's so it's heartwarming to see that most of you are just enchanted and numbered with your spouses, your significant others or maybe both.
Beautiful.
That nice to see.
Sweet.
A little disturbed about that only 80 bucks there at that.
I mean that that's a place there's no excuses.
This is the barometer for me today.
Okay.
This is the barometer.
I mean, if you don't get with it, we're going to stick the thermometer right where the moon don't shine.
Because don't you think this is a I mean pines and flamingo.
That's the epicent of our listening audience.
That's a well with that area at all.
At all.
It's not far from you.
It's not far from me as a matter of fact.
What's kind of far from me now?
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
You keep picking.
All the conditions are right, but you see what the cost of the card is.
What's the number of Democrats that are never going to a proctologist because he couldn't find their spine.
I'm okay with anything. I love you.
Happy Super.
Happy Purim, baby.
Get the holidays right.
Just like Hank yesterday, Hawkingwood at Stepabout the Dradel.
Dradel is for Hanukkah, baby.
Tanuka.
Not for Purim.
Purim is Homenthaishan.
And then we got Pasta, where your Paisadiki candies and your wine and your Mata.
Your Mata Brie, which I have no idea of.
That's something that's coming out of Moush.
I don't know about the brine.
It's a ball, though.
Huh?
Lots of brine.
Yeah.
Lots of brine.
I heard you.
Now, what about you?
Have what about if you put, if you put breachies on Mata's, that Mata Brie?
Sounds right.
Ooh.
Let's try it.
26 past noon, and for strictly for glam at 560-12, Mata.
The beautiful.
Moush is a wheeze.
Watching the market.
Car's bound.
Car's bound.
Car's bound.
Ooh.
Another effort is better than spunk and bad.
Ooh.
A lot of people are going up.
Who wants to hear a talk, guys?
What the hell did we do?
Do keep this, why do we all hang in?
That new torture, who is a boonie?
Who is a boonie?
Give it a Christian right to do something right.
Who is a boonie?
Who is a boonie?
A precious boonie?
Ah.
Here's your last Sunday.
Do a whole new way.
Stop with all this magic.
Let me wash back who says he's a boonie.
Who says he's a boonie?
A boy would hate you for a when you went away.
He's a boonie.
Who says he's a boonie?
A precious boonie.
Watch it, how much it's bound.
Car's bound.
Car's bound.
I'm taking one thing that Ross stories.com, that's one of my favorite websites and they read, they read, jiggered it.
So now it's like easier to read and it doesn't have that little teeny tiny print and that flaming red background that was kind of like winding.
What about you?
I don't like that.
Flaming?
No.
Not into flavors.
Okay, what's the, what's the, what's the, a total mile?
290.
Hey, that's not bad.
No, it's not.
Not at all.
Oh, man, I told you we're going to do some serious, ask you an old style today.
16,000, 765.
Is that right?
No, that's wrong.
We got almost the 17 grand, 670 and 290 is what?
Is 960.
16th, you realize that the second deal, the second person with a 20 is going to wind up putting this over 17 grand.
So it gets the special pattern ahead from Rolex.
And a parking pass.
No.
ACLU releases first concrete evidence of domestic spying for anti-war views.
This just in from your friends at Ross Story.
How come you're so newsy?
Because I feel like it.
How do you like that?
Remember that guy?
You're so newsy that New Yorkie guy, go back to New York, get lost because I feel like it.
I do whatever I like feel like.
I'm on one thing I'll say, not too much I'll say for these people.
They don't tell me what else I do on the show, you know?
Although I do know I had a really panicky when I was straight into play music.
I had them really nervous.
I don't want to mention their real name, but they were really nervous.
Of course this is the same guy that told me, oh I know that we just stay on the air.
It's just Dick, I know you can say whatever you want about you.
Right.
But the first time I threaten to start playing music, man, I don't know how you can play music.
Nervous.
Just relax, Joe.
Okay, you're a good guy just to stay away.
Documents released today by the ACLU reveal that the FBI, a lot of initials maybe,
as in GD and the FU and whatever.
Reveal that the FBI has indeed monitored political groups solely on the basis
that they oppose the U.S. led war.
According to what memo written in 2002, the FBI launched a classified investigation
of the activities of Pittsburgh's Thomas Merton Center after becoming concerned
that the group held daily leaflet distribution activities in downtown Pittsburgh
and was currently focused on its opposition to the Potential War in Iraq.
The memo aimed to summarize the investigation's results.
It identifies the group as a left-wing organization advocating among many political causes,
pacifism.
Oh my god, they're dangerous.
Oh my god.
They're really dangerous people.
Those pacifists like the Quakers, they're feeling the roads.
The ACLU is filed Freedom of Information Act to request and be have over 150 organizations
and individuals that documents released as a result of revealed monitoring infiltration
of political environmental anti-war and faith-based groups by the FBI and local law enforcement agencies
like those cookie-baking criminals out there in San Diego in Fair 9-11.
Remember them?
That's right, they were cookie.
Yeah, something is seriously wrong in how our government determines
what constitutes terrorism when peace activists find themselves targeted
or mark Jim Klystler, executive director of the Thomas Merton Center for Peace and Justice
and anybody with a half a brain knows where we have to go for justice.
Right?
You can do it.
I don't, do I have it?
Oh yeah.
Long Coyote.
Oh there it is.
I forgot what was under.
It's under Luca under Luca.
Oh Luca, won't see him anymore.
Let me, let me worry about Luca.
I'm doing the job thing.
You can't see it though, but.
He's a very scary guy.
That's true.
Here's a fact from a hockey fan.
I can't read what it says there in the bottom.
Something about Dean.
What's the best word?
Something about Dean.
Oh, can't read it.
As in the Yorker, that remembers the great islander teams.
I appreciate, oh, by the way, the islander arena they have are
the pipes of burst and locker rooms are full of like manure and stuff and, oh, they have problems
there along the island.
In fact, the highlight in the news of the post yesterday said, islanders stink.
It says, I appreciate the owners efforts to be successful by retaining the two great players and.
And what does that say?
Grass for me.
Grant.
Grant.
I have no idea what that word is.
I am going to support the panties by going to some games and putting up with some stadium crap.
A and E.O. let's hear it with a hockey talk and lay off these stereotypical black jokes where you happy quorum.
Oh, God.
This is one of the worst fake facts in the history of mankind.
It's really weak.
5670560.
Palm 560 on the Verizon and Secular wireless lines.
Line 9.
That's Josh's favorite.
QAM.
Newteline.
Hello.
I'd say the one thing, they're just obsessed with Eddie.
You ain't no Eddie.
A lot of people, they're Eddie wannabes.
He was only one Eddie.
But there's so many, and it's always on line 9, too.
There's just something about the Eddie line.
Eddie was number one.
I mean, is there any doubt?
I mean, when you hear that, there's only one.
Eddie comes out of the box strong.
Not the bug.
Yeah, bug.
Yeah, bug.
I think that's Eddie wannabes.
It's very weak.
5670.
Look at that phone.
Maybe there ain't nothing going on.
Just like there's probably not much going on out there.
John DeBaker, which is very sad.
Because Rolie's out there's got $1 billion in cash.
He's going to give away not.
And a whole bunch of parking passes.
Yes.
5670560.
See we started with the Panther talk.
I had that one facts and that's the end of the whole boy.
That's the, that's the, that's the fact that it's from across the street.
You guys talk about the Panthers, okay?
We're not talking about that.
We're talking about the rape of the public.
That's nothing to do with Panther games, pansy games, any of these things.
Crowling matches, none of that.
Company QYM, hello.
Not the company meal.
Yes, sir.
When you were at the studio in Zeta, who was the DJ that used to lay down on the floor?
Dave Capreda.
Yeah, why did he do that?
I never understood.
Because he ate so much that he would get like over, just overloaded and would just pass out
in line of the floor.
Oh, I was wondering if he was in, he used to bring us in tons of food in the morning,
just tons of food.
What ever happened to pee pee from Pemberpine?
And he sleeps with the fishes like Hooker Broughtse.
5670560.
Pan 560, now we're getting to the good calls, baby.
Yeah, what happened to the bird?
He also sleeps with the fishes.
WQA, hello.
Hey, how's the hangin', my lord?
In fact, he might be under the bed with a tuna fish.
Yes, sir.
Hey, where are we gonna get to, where are we gonna get that CD on lime wire, George?
And how about a coffee mug?
I love my mo coffee mug.
How many QAAM, hello?
Hello?
One of your people, obviously.
Yes, sir.
Right, right.
Hey, who knew how to go in?
Okay.
Um, shit.
All sorry.
Yeah.
One of your people.
Yeah.
He was more entertained than your guy.
Even though we had a dump at a tourist, why I think it had to be the other guy said.
You did?
Smart ass.
Should've.
Why is that?
Well, as it turns out, we did.
See that?
There was a guy.
You see that?
Yeah, stop and think about it.
It's our 85 minute delay.
You can be damn sure he didn't get on it.
You're just pissed off because he was a...
Well, what was he asking you about?
Are you just not talking about it?
What do you mean by that?
It's what we don't want to talk about.
How about a pack of this with facts?
Huh?
I'll send you a facts about it.
Okay.
Anyway, how many votes do we have?
Look at that.
Which party would you do better job by handling your rack?
And I just didn't see what it was.
They both suck.
1127 votes.
We got over 1100 votes on the poll.
That means we're going to have to raise like resilience today.
Can you feel it?
Can you almost smell it?
Feel something.
You all know the name dry concepts because I've been talking about them for over 20 years
on the show and used to infect it where they're my house yesterday.
And I'm sure that the carpets are looked just like brand new lead on the floor.
And they'll do the same for you.
Before you go out and spend thousands of replaced your soiled carpeting,
give dry concepts a call and bring those carpets back to life.
They'll look and smell and feel just like brand new.
They'll be vibrant in color, soft of the touch, and staying free.
And dry concepts is the only company that you ought to trust because like I said,
I've used them in sov'zillions of others for over 20 years in town now.
I'm sure you already know it, but just in case you don't,
dry concepts also specialize in drapery cleaning, a poultry cleaning,
deep cleaning of your expensive leather furniture and lots more.
Without a doubt, one of the best things you can do for your or handle or area rugs
is to use a quality underlayment, slip that baby under there.
It's essential for sending life and beauty of your area rug and
provides critical cushioning and prevents skidding and hard floors.
During this month, during the month of March,
called dry concepts and save 15% in all underlayment panting.
Dry concepts always give you a professional service, always show up on time,
and always give you a written guaranteed price upfront, no rip offs, no scams.
So for carpet cleaning, water damage restoration, pet-ordered treatments,
macros cleaning, the saving amount of those dust mites and lots more,
call the best and trust the best, dry concepts.
Call them tool free, and daybrow it in the Palm Beaches, 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 around the wicked web, dryconcepts.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69 AF.
Oh, a run-zo. You're so big.
You experience as new age music before.
What never had like this.
Now, feeling the excitement of the latest on this record,
Yani, captured live from the county jail.
Yes, all the mind-n-e-n-estries of craftsmanship you've endured for years,
and elevators in this office and supermarkets, performed live from the local lock-up.
Plus, all new tracks like aggravated assault on the sunrise were screening order of dreams.
And the rain must fall, and so would you, if you could believe me, you are.
Of only 1995, plus you're being an handling.
And speaking of handling, call now, and you will see the full color poster of Yani,
becoming a cell-meat's bitch.
Call now for Yani, captured live from the county jail.
1245 gets into some education, Dean, before he sends in more faxes.
I mean, this is pathetic.
Headwriting sucked, and so does everything else on it.
By the way, all the guy said was he was a real live-wire.
No, no.
With you.
Ah!
Just a little joke, okay?
Just a little joke, yes sir.
I've been very close.
I'm not winkin' at Josh over here.
Anyway, what do we got so far?
Let's find out.
And I just made a decision, okay?
Because this is, I don't want to do this every day until like the middle of June.
It's only the middle of March.
You out of your mind?
You're crazy.
We can leave it on our website, if the rest of the year for my part, I don't care how long it's on here.
Right? Doesn't know sweat off our ass.
But if you think we're going to do these vans, and begging for money every day,
then the middle of June, that is bad radio, okay?
It is freaking ponderous is what it is.
I say to like the middle of April, another month.
No April fooling either, one month.
What?
Sounds plenty.
That's where I'm sayin'.
Until my April vacation, which is in April.
We're doing tax time.
Does that sound like a plan?
Now what do we got there?
I bet we're over 17 grand.
We got three paid.
60 more.
That's 17,000 and 20 bucks.
All right.
Okay, that's enough.
See, I only wish.
First of all, I wish that nobody would ever talk to me in this in the first place.
Nobody's fault with mine.
I take a blame.
Old softy.
Always get let myself get talkin' this stuff.
We stop doin' this.
Okay, it's a pain in the neck.
We stop doin' it.
And then, of course, the other reason what we would you know about,
which I don't want to see on the year until it's all over,
but then we can tell people why we're never doing it again.
You know the one I'm talkin' about?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
At any rate, my sponsor's significant on the resume.
We got a lot of responses in this poll today, 1145 vote.
Don't have one, 212.
Well, go get you one.
Go grab one like those polygamists do, man.
Just grab somebody.
Have a good time with them.
Well, I'll take a one thing.
What was it Sunday that I went out there to woodbine?
I had myself a very lucky and good.
I got that hot machine, boy.
Speaking of hot, there were some hot people out there that died.
Wow.
Holy moly.
Man.
But nevertheless.
Don't have one, 212, a treasure to await.
That is just, it's enough to make you want to cry.
You know what that is so emotional and tender and touching?
Yeah, I'm touching it.
Sensation on 118.
Hot.
106.
I hate this poll 96.
Well, guess what?
A pain but great in the sack, 91.
A nag.
Oh, geez, that wasn't cute out.
77.
A nag.
A nag.
A nag.
Irreplaceable 74.
Anoying 70.
Aging badly 56.
Aging badly.
Looking like crap.
A slav 27.
Stinky 7.
And gross.
Still only 3.
Thank the word for that.
Because if somebody is like, you know, I'm sure that out of those, that first category don't have one out of those 2 and 12.
They probably are a bunch of them that were once upon a time of time.
So maybe somebody like in those last year or 4 categories, but they always up in a ditch to them, you know.
They got rid of maybe they just shot them.
Beard them somewhere.
Maybe they put them out of the bed with the tune in the powered milk.
56705.
Oh, by the way, USDA rails efforts for democracy in Iran.
Speaking of raw story.
I sure like that raw story.
Promoted activists inside Iran say President Bush has planned to spend tens of millions of dollars to promote democracy.
Here is the kind of help they don't need.
Warning that mirror announcement of the US program in dangerous human rights advocates by 10 human as American agents to Washington Post says.
In the case that advocates fear is directly linked to Bush's announcement, the government has jailed two Iranians who traveled outside the country to attend what was built as a series of workshops on human rights, human rights.
Oh my God.
Two others who attended were interrogated for three days.
The workshops conducted by groups based in the United States were held last April.
But Iranian investigators did not some of the participants until last month about the time the Bush administration announced plans to spend $85 million to support the cause of freedom in Iran this year.
If the US wouldn't have stuck the shot in there in the first place and kicked out most of that, we wouldn't be where we are right now in a bunch of religious notes around the country.
The shot would have hit so far that he used to pull out people's fingernails.
He made Sodom look like a Sunday school preacher.
Hey.
Our lineers in the judiciary and a stupid George Bush human rights activist Ahmad Bosti said as he waited anxiously for his wife and daughter to emerge from interrogation last week.
When he says he wants to promote democracy in Iran, he gives money to these outside groups and more in here suffering.
Activists here said the Bush initiative demonstrates the chasm of and separates those working inside Iran for greater freedoms, carefully calibrating the actions to merge incremental changes in a hostile system, and the more strident approach of many Iranian exiles who often have the ear of Washington policy makers or starting towards the end of the day.
We're still in the hornets next. We'll make it a big simmiss instead of just very quietly and you know slowly but surely you know.
No, they got to make a big simmiss. Although a good care not not care at simmiss.
Is there any kind of I guess that I'm thinking about but looks in Google.
So you're good in theory.
They're not even in the same family.
560 705 60.
Tom 560.
They've rising in singular wireless line.
We're actually doing pretty good out there. What do we got 350?
You said?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's not too bad. Been there less than an hour.
I'm thinking we get another 60 we get a thousand.
Well, you don't think we can do that?
We could.
Hour and ten minutes. I mean, don't forget.
I mean, they don't get there till right at noon because they don't want to miss out on those three pants or parking passes.
WDQA and hello.
Hi. Is this you?
Yes, ma'am.
Can I? Oh, you?
You can speak to me. Yes.
Hi, Neil. I love you.
Well, great.
I just wanted to say you're doing a wonderful thing for a band and pet rescue.
I know you get discouraged but I think it's wonderful because the poor animals can't talk for themselves.
Right.
And when are you guys going to come over to the east side of town?
Like where? Like to afford water down?
Yeah.
Well, I'm going to be on the main on Miguel.
Well, lean on a real heavy.
Lean on a heavy. There's a lot of people on the east side.
We don't like going out to that west side of town.
So I don't blame you.
I don't blame you.
Okay.
Too many of them.
Yeah, exactly.
Two, three old parts out there.
And you were great when Dave Caprita, those are the days.
They really were.
That was it.
Never have never had that anymore.
I'll say that.
Classic. I wish you had those on tape.
I wish I did.
Yeah.
You know what I would do?
I just would play them every day.
Every day is your art.
I get to see you out there.
I love you, Neil.
Bye.
Bye.
Neil wakes me up in the morning.
Oh, right.
Neil wakes me up.
Can't live in the past, though.
You know, we have to move onward and upward.
Especially after that civilating 30th anniversary experience.
It was really a message.
You know, it was a real...
Oh, I am so stupid, man.
It's just so what a mismanaged career.
But I'm doing okay.
You know, I have no complaints.
Hank though, talk me to go into woodbind tomorrow.
I wasn't going to go to the Thursday.
Oh, you know, I mean to go in both days.
Well, I got to give him all that money back for the advice.
That's right.
From that unscheduled trip that I did so well,
I have no idea what...
Because usually, you know, when you make one of those sperm
at the moment, the decision is always a bad idea.
But this one's here not to be a good machine, man.
I mean, I'm sorry, a good machine, man.
70 QAM, hello.
I've got Charlie under my band.
70 QAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
70 QAM, hello.
QAM.
Yeah, hi.
Hey, George.
I got something for these about 30 things.
Now, you can play on the radio instead of what you got.
That's getting kind of old.
Get a recording of Frank Safer's Winow, man.
And there's a cut-in, there's a piece in there that you can check that out.
What's going to kind of old?
How does it feel, man?
Yeah, that's in a little lab.
No doubt.
No doubt.
Number one was for a bullet space.
Okay.
Well, what is with these people?
No matter what we do, they always know better.
You know, that's right.
Hey there, people on Bob and Brown.
The sea on the queue is boy and down.
My car is fast.
My teeth is shining.
I tell all the girls they can kiss my high nicks.
Don't get right here.
I'm at a famous school.
I'm Bretton Sharp and I'm at the news.
I got a cheerleader here once they help with my face.
I better do all the work and maybe live out there.
I am the American Queen.
Okay.
There you go.
Rest in peace, Frank Safer, for president.
That's what I say in moon unit.
Oh, so anyway, get back to that story about that kid that died, that they killed and tampered.
They bushered and killed him.
And they say, oh, is there a rare blood disorder?
Yes.
Prosecutors confirmed today that the 14-year-old boy who was beaten and kicked by guards in a juvenile boot camp
did not die of a blood disorder as a medical examiner initially ruled.
But Pam Bondi, I wonder if he was keen to dig beyond or a viola Bondi.
Pam Bondi, a spokesman for Hillsboro County State Attorney Mark Over, who was investigating the death of Martin Lee Anderson
to climb to comment further on the case.
I wonder if any case got the over's and under's.
Bondi was confirming the statements of Dr. Michael Bond.
Now, remember him from OJ?
No.
Yeah, you do.
The noted pathologist who observed Anderson's like Dr. Henry Lee.
By the way, you people lied to me that Lee's Chinese, that Henry Lee Chinese is still open for the other day of the arrest.
When you're full of crap.
Well, I was home.
I was looking up a restaurant in the phone booklet for takeout or whatever.
That place is still there.
Henry Lee's T-house.
Well, you know where it is.
Mm-hmm.
Anyway.
He had said earlier to his A to T probably died from a beating by guards and out of blood as a medical examiner initially ruled.
My opinion is that he died because of what you see in a video tape, said Bondi, referring to the surveillance video showing the guards kicking and punching Anderson's limp body shortly after he arrived at the Bay County Sheriff's Office boot camp.
Anyway, fifth, he died at a hospital order the next day.
Bondi will observe the autopsy and behalf of Anderson parents that will be several weeks before Adams can determine the exact cause that's medical examiner Dr. Bernard Adams,
because T-shoes samples must be analyzed other evidence considered.
Why they're considered to be one of the nation's top forensic pathologists and a real publicity grabber,
Bondi noting the investigated thousands of deaths of people who were custody over the past 30 years.
About 30, man.
And that one was caused by sickle cell trade.
I'm just glad the truth is out, so at least Mother Gina Jones, by already knew what the truth was.
Now that the truth is out, I want justice.
I want the guards and the nurses to be arrested.
For justice, we go to...
This is the new Roger.
But it's the one to do our...
The Taylor two rocket rollers pass their prime.
What's happened?
Straight out of Detroit, Roxie. This is Kid Rox.
What's up?
I'm Scott Stab.
And the secret, no one knew.
I don't spend a lot of money on videos. I don't think a lot of people realize that.
Is it true love or something more?
Higher.
Right here.
I think it turned the cameras on and you put the thought into the video and not the money.
They call each other pet names.
So long, Mama.
See you back.
Did it?
And no one understands what these two share.
That's when the states that start and that's when the videos are...
Sometimes.
The simplest things matter most.
Play one of my songs.
I just don't think that's necessary.
Grammy winning singers Kid Rock and Scott Stab started broke back Roxie.
Hey, it's good to be the cat.
It's 1-1-560WQ.
I'm happy Tuesday to you.
And our total of John the Baker is 390.
Brand and Flight, FLYTE, a student in Westland,
High School in Westland, Oregon was recently expelled.
For a video project he'd been assigned in class, which includes a same-sex snuggle scene.
Uh-oh.
His film, Broke Back High, is a gay love story based on themes from Broke Back Mountain,
but set in the modern day high school.
The shot above, and it's got a shot here, was the one that got him expelled.
And it's, uh, I guess I'll give you this story.
So I'm raw story.
Pretty, and not really too raw.
Flight writes on his website.
One has to wonder if any of this would have happened at the two characters,
not really my film, but male and female.
We're led to believe that diversity is encouraged in schools,
but when a 17-year-old straight kid makes a serious scale up to her and is expelled for it,
it just begs the question of exactly what kind of policy was the administration following.
I recall Tim Fields, one of the vice principals of my school having to think for at least a minute when asked by the office lady,
what should I put down for the reason of withdrawal?
If the basis of my expulsion is so unclear to them, then surely the circumstances surrounding it,
are extremely questionable, and the grounds on which I was removed are both unfair and unexplainable.
Let me say it again, unfair and unexplainable.
There's a clip of Broke Back High on his website, and an area of lead comments in the support,
according to Flight, Westland High says they'll pay for me to finish up my last term at a high school at Clackamas Community College,
and I'll be able to walk with my high school classic graduation in 10-prong as a guest.
Oh, Jesus, this is Inaamrica, baby.
Fath! Fath! Fui!
Oh, there's Kura Films. Fui! Fath!
Anyway, let's move it along.
So, we got, what, how much more?
390.
390. That's 40 bucks more than we had last time. That's pathetic.
17,060 bucks.
Our dreams are getting to 25 grand by 2 o'clock today, I'm going right down the turlord.
I'm going to read it one more time, okay?
Because I don't want to do like a little dog, get on my hind legs with my paws open here.
Oh, please, please, I'm going to do that.
I can do that.
Yeah. Can you see my hind legs?
Your boxers?
Now, till 2 o'clock, it's on the Baker, 125.92 Pines Boulevard.
That's the Home Depot Shopping Center, Pines in Flamingo.
It's right there in the heart of the Universe, man.
No excuses.
Rurally is waiting for it with our about 30 TV and T-shirts.
And also has a limited supply of Panther Park and Passes, the Abort, because we're P.O.D.
and the organization ripping off the public for concerts, hockey games, curling matches,
all of these freaking things.
Here's some good news, though.
Public Supermarkets, they unveil a hundred million long overdue, by the way.
Unveil a hundred million dollar plan to install powerful backup generators and self-photo stores
to avoid the food shortages and long lines that place stores after Hurricane Wilma.
The Lakeland-based companies announcement also came with a plate of the region's municipalities
speed up the permit process necessary to carry out the large-scale effort.
With the official start of Hurricane Seasonless and three months away,
public executives say they can't put the plan into place until the paperwork is complete
and hope area governments won't drag their feet.
By July, about 10 times that the slots are starting to go into the permuteials.
By July, public suspects have a third of its stores equipped with a backup system
including some in Broward and Palm Beach counties as long as permits are approved.
We have a plan, so Maria Bruce, Spokeswoman for Public,
but in order to make our plan a reality, we need all the municipalities
to expedite their permitting process that process, get it going now, we can please get with it.
The generators will allow the company to operate its produce,
meet dairy and frozen food departments, which will only partially serve by the existing generator systems.
That means that high-demand items such as ice milk, tuna and powdered milk
would be available to customers.
Isn't that good?
That's great.
The permanent 500 kilomites generators would have automated turn-on sensors along with a double-line fuel tank
that holds a thousand gallons of diesel fuel that could keep stores operating
even throughout prolonged power auditions.
Well, let's hear it from public.
It's okay, we like publics already ahead of time, and now there's one near-by-speed call.
That's amazing.
That's great.
I mean, I come home whenever it was back in about a month ago,
and come to find out there's like 45 new public stores within the 10 block radius of my house.
Very convenient.
So does that.
Robertson finds radical Muslims satanic.
Now, ordinarily, I just ignore him, but he's good for life.
Oh, yeah.
A little bit.
Television Evangelist Pat Robertson said yesterday in his live news and talk program,
the 700 Club, that Islam is not a religion of peace,
and that radical Muslims are satanic.
Thank God that radical Christians aren't satanic.
Robertson's comments came after he watched a news story on his Christian broadcast and network
about Muslim protest in Europe over the cartoon drugs of the Prophet Muhammad.
And he ought to well up with Isaac Hayes, you know it.
That'd be a good match.
Yes, it would.
Sorry.
What a fact.
Oh, he remarked that the outpouring of rage,
he listened by cartoons, just shows the kind of people we're dealing with.
These people are crazy fanatics, and I want to say it now.
I believe it's motivated by demonic power.
It is satanic at some where recognize what we're dealing with.
Said Pat Robertson.
In Norfolk.
Robertson also said the goal of Islam, ladies and gentlemen,
whether you like it or not is world domination.
Thank God the Christians go on to do that.
In a statement later Monday, Robertson said he was referring specifically to terrorists
who want to bomb innocent people as being motivated by Satan.
In the news story, he noted radical Muslims were shown screaming,
may Allah bomb you, may O sound bit loud and bomb you, when a bomb agrande.
Angel Watts.
A Robertson's spokeswoman said the telephone review that the news segment also included comments
from a moderate Muslim in the United Kingdom saying,
radicals don't represent most Muslims in that country.
Robertson's Virginia based network did not include his remarks when posted
the program on his website, however, that this isn't was made out of concern.
The Robertson's remarks could be misinterpreted if you out of context, Watts said.
If he pissed off the era of street, Nicky and after his ass, which I think is a good idea.
All those angry Muslims, go get him, boys.
Monday's comments were similar remarks he made on his,
oh, and by the way, speaking of this, how is there else you're on doing?
Who?
Oh, man.
Robertson recently told ABC's Good Morning America that it comments off the cuff after watching news segments.
He later told the Christian magazine world that he's being more careful in reviewing news stories
before going on air and shooting off his big ignorant mouth.
The Reverend Barry Lynn executive director of Americans United for Separation of Church in State
called Robertson's new comments grossly irresponsible.
At a time when interreligious tensions around the world are in an all-time high,
Robertson seems to determine a throw gas on the fire Lynn said in the stomach.
He threw a gas on it, gasoline.
Would you rather have gasoline or a vaseline?
Because of 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, do the thing where you're going to stick it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 in the Verizon String of the wireless phone.
We've got Guldi and to the staff, known in the revolving door spot.
We've got Guldi and to the staff, known in the revolving door spot.
We've got Guldi and to the staff, known in the revolving door spot.
Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Quite a good, if Pet Robertson's up to his tremendous knowledge in speaking.
Lisa's consistent.
Do you think, uh...
No, I'm sorry, I'm getting a Pet Robertson, I get choked up.
It gets, it touches me in a way.
I'm getting off.
Do I think?
That's it.
Okay, it chose it.
He didn't choke up, he just choked.
Yeah, he just, uh, just lost it.
Total panic.
That's okay, give it a good shot.
Next time, maybe carry another 10 seconds.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 in the Verizon String of the wireless line.
I'm going to go ahead and give me a good lunch today, you know?
I very rarely eat in restaurants because, you know, if you're a trial,
now I want to say lose weight but just maintain the status quo like around 190-ish, which is okay.
Okay.
Not great, but it's okay.
Uh, eating restaurants is not a good idea.
Unless, of course, it's John the Baker or the Emerald Coast.
Well, skinny people can eat there.
But I'm excited about that sure talking though.
You know something, if that stuff gets here, in fact, if it doesn't arrive before a month,
where's it?
All the comments are at amazon.com, really p.o.d about how long it took to get.
Because it's such a great demand for it.
But if that stuff turns out to be as miraculous as the guy who called this morning said,
and he, you know, he's never even going to lie about it.
Right, let's see how it's done.
I'm going to create a sensation.
It's going to make the whole Actions diet and bagel bites and bokeh burger,
all that stuff, pale and red significance.
Fish food.
I'm telling you right now, right?
Just be prepared for a sure-a-taki.
A sure-a-taki attack?
Yes.
W-A-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How did Molly Ringwad do on the poll the other day?
W-A-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
W-A-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Now that we've heard from Gilbert Solomon, come on, let's move ahead.
You can do it.
Q-A-M, hello.
Not there.
Or maybe it's that guy again, panicking.
W-A-Q-A-M, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, sir.
Okay.
I wanted to thank you for bringing up that garbage and boot.
The boot, the Betama City boot camp, when they slaughtered that little 14-year-old kid.
Yeah.
That's what's coming down in this world.
Okay, great.
Good life.
5-6-7-0-5-60, chronic lady.
W-A-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
I was here.
I was here.
I was here.
Shell Miamon.
Hello.
Yes.
I was just excited to see that the bulk of that garbage came in number two.
Meaning what?
How about those, though, together?
Came in number two.
W-A-Q-A-M, hello.
Oh, that's a lot.
Well, see, just like the other time, what a blessing that is.
The great, the original one is stone.
The super.
Just to realize how well this thing works out for us.
5-6-7-0-5-60, pound five, 60, and they've arrived in a singular wireless line.
W-A-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
Marie-Cone.
Marie-Cone.
Marie-Cone.
W-A-Q-A-M, hello.
That wasn't even the real guy.
Q-A-M.
Hi, Shell.
W-A-Q-A-M, hello.
I'm in what a blessing that is.
Q-A-M, come on.
You can do it.
Hello?
Yes.
Yeah, who is this?
Marie-Cone.
O.J. McDeffey here.
Hi, perfect.
Listen, what about that CD?
What about it?
How do we get the CD?
Go online, neo-writers.com, or go to John DeBaker right now and rip off one.
Hit Rollie over the head with a rolling pin, a rolling pin.
Like we're making it difficult for these people to get it for crying out loud.
It's right there.
There's a big picture of it on our website, neo-writers.com.
If you don't have a computer, we don't want to talk to you.
Okay?
We're just tearing it out of crap.
Are we?
Yes, we are.
But all the respect of the Humper and even Jack Cafferty, well, I wouldn't know how to do that,
because I don't know how to run a computer.
Well, you know something.
I'm tired of old funny-looking people, even though I like both of those people a lot.
But, you know, get with it.
And here's that Kira Phillips.
Oh, man.
Her first and Dana Bachel right behind, right in her behind, just like a bag set, bitch.
Little tiny shrunken head.
Am I exaggerating or not?
No.
She got like a little shrunken head and she's got the senior wences like the funny mouth
with the phony lips you're used to doing the fingers.
That's her.
She doesn't belong in her man.
I guess after you get to sucking up to the bush crowd that much, I guess your lips kind of like invert like that.
Dana, which I think her name is Dana, but Blue Dawn's hit on a Dana bash.
He's, you know, we're pleased with what he did, but he believed me.
He's not what you think he is.
Trust me, because you're just being introduced now, okay?
I've got a lot of sins to make up for.
A lot of men's to make.
Maybe he's a total.
Yeah, well, I've got a lot of men's to make too.
13 past 1 a.k.u.a.m.
Hey, can you run QAM?
We don't have any national guards there because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now.
Not the National Guard.
Pardon?
Not the National Guard.
No National Guard in Iraq?
No, there's no National Guard.
No.
Absolutely.
Don't, don't, don't go.
Well, I know my sister all my life.
That is why she's now my wife.
And I think my son may know it's true.
He's my nephew too.
Well, my daddy is my uncle.
Joe, my mother is my dear Amphloid.
It is very plain to see my first cousin is me.
That's the official state son.
We thought it was Arkansas but it's Utah.
I discovered that after last time.
I've never seen anything on A&E.
Oh.
Anyway, what we got now?
You're going to see over 400?
Yeah, we are.
We're at 430.
430 already.
What the hell are we still doing here?
430.
That's 40 bucks more we had before.
That's 17,100.
That's a pitiful number.
But we're at least we got over 17,000.
430, that gives us a real shame.
We're trying to do a thousand.
Not.
That's okay.
What did we do yesterday?
We ate some.
I forgot.
Yeah, it was, it was ate some.
We went over 8.
Well, how can we do 8 there?
And like John the Baker there?
We didn't know that.
We did 805.
I got to written down right here.
805.
That's not so bad.
That's a two location.
Let me say it again.
We did 805.
And one location.
And about 5 cent at the other one.
That was the total.
You're right.
That's a good excuse.
We had two locations yesterday.
Allegedly.
We had to do a lot more than 430.
I'll tell you that in the next 41 minutes.
Or it's going to be pretty embarrassing.
And a tremendous waste of time by roll out there.
Let's get with it.
John the Baker in the Home Depot shopping center.
Pines in Flamingo.
And you don't have to go in there and eat.
I mean, it would be nice if you did because you love the food.
And it's all delicious.
But, you know, that's okay.
We understand that you're cheap.
Just give us a 20 bucks and cut the crad.
And really, is there that?
I didn't give any more pants in parking pants.
They're not probably because we didn't supply.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, hey, still got lots more.
Yes, you do.
Yes.
Well, there you go.
See, it goes to show you, man.
You people just don't want to even strike back.
That's what about your whimsy worry.
You talk about the Democratic Party.
You people are like the Democrats.
When in doubt, you just went out.
Instead of striking back and getting even with a Panther organization.
And like getting some pre-parking passes here,
and I have to get ripped off during the balance of the season.
Because nobody you're going to go anyway.
That's the bottom line.
If they want every game from now to the end of the season,
you still wouldn't go.
We love the Panther.
Yeah, only that one year.
That's when they love the Panthers.
Bad wagon juppers from winning, from winning phonies.
US post-war Iraq strategy was a mess Blair was told.
This is in the Guardian UK.
Yes, yes, yes.
Senior British diplomatic and military staff
gave Tony Blair explicit warnings three years ago
that the US was disastrously mishandled
the occupancy of Iraq according to leaked memos.
They're leaking over there.
John Sowers, Mr. Blair's envoy and Baghdad,
the aftermath of the invasion,
sent a series of confidential memos to Downey Street
and May and June of 2003 cataloging US failures.
With unusual frankness, he described the US post-war administration
led by the retired general, Jake Garner.
As an unbelievable mess and said Garner
in his top team of 60-year-old retired generals
were well-meaning but out of their depth.
Now the assessment is reinforced by major general Albert Whitley,
the most senior British officer with the US land forces.
General Whitley, another memo late that summer,
expressed alarm that the US British coalition
was in danger of losing the peace.
We may have introduced into something
we might be inclined to regret is strategic failure of possibility.
The answer has to be yes, he concluded yes, I.I. sir.
The memos were obtained by Michael Gordon,
author along with General Bernard Trainor of Cobb or two,
the inside story of the invasion and occupation of Iraq,
published a coincide with the third anniversary of the invasion.
The British members identified a series of US pages
that contained the seeds of the present insurgency energy
that even states include.
And this goes on in life, we're just going to read some bullet points.
So, case in bullet points, hit the highlights.
A lack of interest by US commander General Tommy Franks
in the post invasion phase, the presence in the capital of the US
third and the infantry division, which took a heavy-handed approach
to security, squandering the initial sympathy of the Iraqis,
vectel, the main US-evident contractor,
moving too slowly to reconnect basic services,
sexism, electricity, and water,
figured a deal with health hazards,
such as 40% of Baghdad's sewage, poor unit of the Tigris River,
and rubbish piling up in the streets,
and sacking many of Saddam Hussein's bath party,
even though many of them held relatively junior posts
and a partridge in a pair of three.
And I like that.
And it goes on, it's on our website.
So, Tony Blair, nobody sold out, piece of crap.
There's another guy.
I thought he was like really something.
He's something I'll write, can't see it on the ear, though.
We're good, juiced.
Milosevic's son says his father was killed.
Do we care?
Absolutely not.
Well, from kind of glad.
Yeah.
And I've already read it, Slavio.
Slavio Milosevic's son alleged today
that his father had been killed while a UN war crime
Slavio Milosevic said the court had been told the late sirb leader
had regular access to unprescribed medication and booze
sluggishly with prison cell.
The official spoke of course on condition anonymity
because these tribunals for confidentiality rules told the A&P
that the units prison warden had told the court
they could no longer guarantee Milosevic's health.
The official said prison authorities repeatedly found
banned material in the cell, including booze and unprescribed drugs.
The tribunal official who has access to confidential documents
on the locivic's medication, you said two doctors concluded
the former sirb leader was intentionally taking drugs
that undermine the prescribed medication for his heart.
He wanted to go to Russia.
He wanted to go to Siberia, been a good place for him.
Or he'll be safe.
Yeah.
He can go to Louisiana Bronx and be safe, too.
Cowell test positive for Mad Cowell disease in Alabama.
A cow in Alabama tested positive, confirming the 30 West case
of the brain wasting ailment.
The cow didn't enter the food supply for people
or animals official said the animal unable to walk was killed
by a local vet and buried on the farm.
That said, that is shoot the old mucow.
We remain very confident to say, by the way, cows are just,
I don't know, dumb.
Well, yeah.
I mean horses are dumb.
I don't care what anybody says.
I like horses to a point, but they're really dumb.
But at least if you whistle, they will pee in all horse.
You think a cow will pee if you whistle?
No.
If you don't, you ever see it?
You ever hear of a trained cow?
No.
I mean trained elephants, yes.
Trained horses, of course.
Trained dogs, cats, pyrarchites, cockatuzes,
minabirds, minotauras.
But trained cow, uh-uh.
They're really good for two things.
One is milk.
Although it please don't drink cow's milk, please.
And number two is like slaughter.
Right, meat.
The news game is the Bush administration
to be assured Japan, other foreign customers of American beef,
Japan halted US beef shipments in January.
If you're fighting, you'll cut with backbone.
I wish the Democratic Party would eat those.
Cuts that are eaten in the US, but not in Asia.
And that's a bag I got news for you.
If we're eating stuff that isn't being eaten in Asia,
then we really got problems.
Poor his car.
When I went to that Chinese market,
I didn't even put my shirt on.
Oh, I went to the three markets.
And they got these big tubs of all these, uh,
lions teeth and strains of our
tiger balls.
Tiger balls.
Tiger balls.
Tiger balls and claws and...
A lot of pus, your re-threads.
A lot of pus, uh, fingernails.
Oh, man.
What is that?
God.
Oh, breaking news.
Breaking stories.
Oh, that's not real breaking news, it's a promo.
From Western hotels.
Well, I didn't look like breaking news.
It looked kind of interesting.
I got the candles out.
They don't got Tom Bo-Detto.
26 past 1 a.k.u.
I'm gilding it too.
Don't forget the Jack Martin show at 3 o'clock.
When we cut back after this break,
see, this is why I just can't continue doing this thing
every day with this fundraising thing.
It's just got wrenching.
Because they're not coming through anywhere near like they used to.
Although, maybe my memory's bad.
I don't know what we used to get.
Is this the my word was?
I think we're doing as good or better as we have on this station.
Are you sure on this station?
Because on this station,
you can't really consider it.
But I think it's not the only thing that I can do.
I think it's not the only thing that I can do.
I think it's not the only thing that I can do.
I think it's not the only thing that I can do.
I think it's not the only thing that I can do.
I think it's not the only thing that I can do.
I think it's not the only thing that I can do.
I think it's not the only thing that I can do.
I think it's not the only thing that I can do.
I think it's not the only thing that I can do.
I think it's not the only thing that I can do.
I think it's not the only thing that I can do.
I think it's not the only thing that I can do.
I think it's not the only thing that I can do.
I think it's not the only thing that I can do.
I think it's not the only thing that I can do.
I think it's not the only thing that I can do.
I think it's not the only thing that I can do.
I think it's not the only thing that I can do.
I don't know which have been spoken, but ever since
school people in South-Up, held on now and I have been trying to
spread the word that cartoons are about as real as
world-class acid-induced, technical and dream people.
So come visit us at Disney World Damascus.
Where Donald Duck doesn't wear pants,
where our women are covered, and where tomorrow land is set in
1352.
And for all you infidels, am I see?
See you soon.
Hey, why?
Why?
Because we hate you.
M-O-U-S.
Oh, crap.
131 at 560 WQM.
It's 115 votes on a poll today.
A lot of votes.
So the poll is doing well.
I wish we were doing as well on a fundraising thing which
we already nauseated by.
How am we doing?
We got to stay, pay,
40 dollars a break.
Now we're at 470.
17,940.
You know, hopes were so high,
almost as high as George.
Although...
17,140.
It's pretty weak.
I mean, how much is the total?
410.
470.
That is lame.
But never mind.
Well, what am I going to do about it?
Am I going to like show a hissy fit?
Is that it?
A hissy fit?
Is your program director would say?
I'm going to show a hissy help.
Boy.
Hell's Angel sued Disney over trademark skull and name.
Speaking of a...
Mecha mouse.
The Hell's Angel's motorcycle club is going head to head with
Walt Disney World Company over use of their trademark skull and name,
according to a local six news report.
The group is suing Disney's Winnevista Motion Picture than its new movie Wild Hogs.
In the film, John Revolta, who's still in the closet with Tom Cruise,
Tim Allen and Martin Lawrence play middle-aged wannabe bikes,
a biker is going to counter some of Hell's Angel's members.
The Hell's Angels said they never approved the movies use of their name,
or skull that shows horns, feathers and a helmet, according to the report.
I like that.
A big smith between the Hell's Angels and Disney of all people.
Oh, it is your buddy Hermann Gearing.
Three years into the operation in Iraq, I recognize that well-meaning people.
He recognized that that tamiflu thing would make him a lot of money, man.
Get everybody whipped up.
Forget about Iraq.
Worry about that bird flu.
Get your viscene.
You're a duct tape.
You're powdered milk.
You're tuna.
And of course, you're a tamiflu.
Even Debbie Reynolds is coming back and singing that Tammy song again.
Just an honor of Rumsfeld's here to make a few more.
You know, this guy is older than Methuselah.
I don't understand what all these old coots got to steal all this money for.
Do you?
What's it all about?
Exactly.
Because they got nothing to do.
Because something is limp.
So this is how they compensate.
Is that what it is?
That's it.
Christ.
I thought that was Bob Dole.
56670560.
Tom 560 and Verizon Singular wireless line.
Don't forget we got that big Marlon game trophy on Thursday.
Mark that baby down right on your armpit.
Just mark it down so you don't forget.
We're not going to forget.
No way.
Nobody QAAM, hello.
Yeah, what are you raising money for?
For a while.
For a while.
Yeah, for the hell of it.
Nobody QAAM, hello.
Not there.
56670560.
I'm going to just go to the music format this last half hour.
I'm really bummed out about this.
See, it's got a negative impact all the way around.
Because psychologically it's deflating to get on the air.
Like, please won't you help us out?
Please won't you do it.
And they don't do it.
No, we won't do it.
We're not going to give you like 20 cents.
You've been on the air for 30 years, entertaining, amusing,
chuckling, aggravating, whatever the hell it is.
And we will give you a penny.
How do you like that?
That's what we'll give you.
We'll give it like a shot in the dark.
That's what we'll give you.
We'll give you the finger.
56670560.
Pound 5668.
Your thoughts on the March madness?
Careful.
Nobody QAAM, hello.
On the March.
Yes, sir.
Happy forum.
Now back to you.
How do I get those free hockey, tacky parking passes?
The Eurobuy John DeVaker right now.
Where's that?
Too late.
Nobody QAAM, hello.
QAAM.
Newer, is it to rest your radio?
Yeah.
It's extra-terrestrial.
Yeah, you're out of this world.
WQAM, hello.
How many QAAM, hello.
QAAM.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Hey, how you doing?
Oh, okay.
Good question.
Is the 50 you just played with I'm my sister's husband, brother, so when you got on the CV?
I doubt it.
How do we know what is on it?
I mean, like it's Rick's tender and so many of us.
You go on our website, so it's got the whole list right there.
You click where it says view listings or whatever it says, view tracks.
Here's how you know.
You buy it, then you turn it around and you deal.
No, you know what?
They don't want to do that.
They're not good.
Don't you understand what they're saying?
I'm not going to buy it unless there's a bit I like under it.
They're all good, Jack.
I'm not going to pedal.
Okay, if you want it fine, I'm not playing this game.
Okay?
You're making a bad mistake.
I'm not playing that game.
You want it fine.
You want to help us out.
That's great.
If you want to show like everybody it's got it so far, it's real happy with it.
Go on our website.
You can see right there, the listing list click where it says right there in big English letters.
View listings, it will show all the tracks that are on there.
And you can sit there in Peru as well.
Let's say, I don't know.
I want to spend 20 bucks for this or not.
You sit there and you know, with your finger deep inside your...
Correct.
...the body and the male and kind of pond or not or not.
Whatever works for you is fine with me.
I don't care.
WQAM, hello.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey, what's the difference between my ass and your face?
WQAM, hello.
Nothing.
WQAM, hello.
Not there.
Boy, these are good.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Just one thing else.
Yes.
Hey, Neal, you still have that...
You still have that...
You still have that...
I'll keep you chasing gold ballistic when you talk about it.
How deep was off the air?
Yeah, I still got it.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
And now this little box is like space and truth.
Make things even better.
Like that little problem you were having yesterday with long distance calls.
Look at that.
Don't want to disconnect.
I want to do anything.
My little box.
WQAM, hello.
There's like a big delay now.
Yeah, I know that.
QAM.
I know.
Have you seen Dante's gold pepper?
What meaning what?
Dante's gold pepper.
Ah, WQAM.
See, the part of it is the very funny lines that they work on for hours and hours.
And you wait for like one to an end of finalists that's in like that was what was supposed to be.
By the way, he's a dolphin.
Who cares?
I'm just saying.
Like I care about the dolphins.
Is that the new deal?
I'm supposed to care about that.
That's going to put them over the top.
Between Dante's gold paper, maybe paper, and the A.J. Philly is bringing him back.
I mean, you know, what's not to like when you got a customer ride?
Somebody QAM, not lying.
Hello.
QAM.
Hey, Neal.
Okay.
Really quick about the city.
I love it.
One, two.
I got it because it's for good cause.
Three, I would have bought another one.
I'm going to go to Cheat Jerk.
That's trying to copy it.
Yeah.
To give it to friends.
And four, if I have a question, I mean, there's some of the ones, I mean, there's some bits of that light.
But I'm not on it.
How do I get the one?
I go to the website that you want to get.
How do you get the ones that can't download or whatever?
How do you get the bits?
Yeah, this is like this one I remember when you did a couple years ago with the Frodo, from like the Lord of the Rings.
I just can't get it.
How do you get those that are available?
Exactly.
You don't.
You don't.
You can't.
Five, six, do you see what I mean about that?
I know.
I know.
Oh, sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Thanks a lot, Duff.
I wish if there was anything in my life I could take back.
I would have been saying, oh, okay, you guys deal with it.
I don't have anything to do with it.
I'm so tired of after every break.
And why do we have to after every break?
When have we ever do that before?
Well, what's the point of that just to get me more aggravated?
Yeah, that's it.
Simply update.
I'm sure that.
We don't have to do any of it.
No, but I mean, could we do it like once every half hour and give it up there?
And what do we expect?
Every couple of minutes there's like a line of 400 people waiting to throw their $20 in poor rolling up there?
Who's going away those free pants?
How do we get the Panther parking lot?
I just got through a tunnel.
You like 400 times today, Schmuck.
Trying to give the people an opportunity like we got that game with the Flyers tomorrow,
which I'm sure a lot of people are going to want to see that.
It's a big game, at least it could be.
And here's a chance to get a parking pass and save you a few bucks.
No, and the strike back and say, guess what?
We don't want to submit to your blackmail.
Come July 1.
You jackasses that run this organization.
But no.
And it just keeps going on, on, on, on, like the drum swells.
And it's just in a run.
Oh, God.
1225 votes on the pool.
My sposter significant other is a treasure 221.
Don't have one, 217.
Why are you lucky?
Sensation of 128.
Hot, 112.
I hate this full 101.
A pain but great in the sack, 99.
You're a placeable, 87.
You see the way that's zoomed up there?
Are you doubting Thomas?
Yeah, I doubt Thomas.
A nag 84.
I'm knowing 76.
Aging badly 58.
What a tub.
A slab 29.
Stinky 8 and gross.
Now, up to sink.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is my 16.
28.
I want to die, die, die, die.
I want to go to the park.
To the park.
To the door to the door.
To the door to the door.
To the door to the door.
To the door to the door.
To the door to the door.
To the door to the door.
To the door to the door.
To the door to the door.
To the door to the door.
To the door to the door.
To the door to the door.
To the door to the door.
To the door to the door.
To the door to the door.
To the door to the door.
To the door to the door.
To the door to the door.
To the door to the door.
To the door to the door.
To the door to the door.
To the door to the door.
To the door to the door.
To the door to the door.
To the door to the door.
145.
So they got the hint here longness
because people were really crazy
when they messed up the hint here.
OK, what do we got out of bite?
Let's go.
510.
I thought it was a 610 was IOD.
510?
That's right.
I thought we were 560.
Now what do we have in the last one?
Because I'm losing 470.
So another 40.
Yeah.
Well, we're consistent.
We may not be good, but we're consistent.
That means 17,180.
So thanks to those people who did come by
and helped us out.
But the rest of you, that said,
we're really peeled.
Raspberry, strawberry, rhubarb.
How about some rhubarb pie?
Hmm, sounds good.
I'm going to wait for my sure-at-talkie, man.
And then I'm going to take over the world.
I'm just going to set up a sure-at-talkie shop.
Get a little push card.
Well, no, it's not one of the biggest problems with us.
Fat folks, I mean, what would you know about it?
But it's that bostilla pasta, baby.
What would I know about it?
I struggle every single day to not be surprised.
Who doesn't obsessed with pasta?
I am.
I am, too.
I'm obsessed with-
I can't wait to eat pasta every day.
I have some nice sausage and a sure-at-talkie
that I like something new for noodles that I don't have any taste.
With some nice low-carb sauce.
Mmm, and some nice parmesan sprinkle on it.
Like Steve and Mr. Ego would say.
Parmesan cheese.
And maybe a few peppercorns.
Yeah, a few peppercorns.
Shmeered on it.
Anyway, Al Gore spent a good part of the early 90s preaching
the promise of the Internet he became known for calling it
the information superhighway.
The nickname didn't last,
but the highway analogy has re-emerged in the debate about the next generation
of the online world with some forecasting a traffic jam.
As the updated version of the analogy goes,
every bit of data online web pages, music files, video is on a highway,
moving at similar speeds to computers and mobile devices around the world.
But what if there were an express toll lane?
What if companies with money could pay broadband providers to have their sites
and services move faster than everybody else's?
Carrier, such as AT&T, said the concept is their future business model.
Critics say a mail may well ruin the web.
And to center the debate is the value of net neutrality.
A principle that is guided the Internet for more than a decade.
It states that Internet service providers can't favor any online content
over another, unless of course it's right wing.
Some say the concept is why the Internet is developed into such a robust
innovative medium with so many sites online competing for the attention of web surfers.
Net neutrality laws for David Angoliath doing more equally matched.
But it's always a big but.
But as more consumers switch from dial up to broadband,
Internet uses voice to move toward transferring large amounts of data,
such as full-length movies.
AT&T and Verizon assert that companies such as Google and Apple
are going to make a fortune on the backs of their networks,
and it's time they start paying their share.
Telecommunication companies are spending billions in upgrading their networks,
handled the next generation of online services,
rather than passing the cost on the consumers,
they'd rather charge the websites taken up the most bandwidth.
Companies offering data heavy services, such as online gaming,
phone calls, and downloadable video could pay network providers across the country.
They have their content prioritized, meaning that it would reach customers faster than everybody else's.
Do you understand that?
Yes, I do. Sorry, I was over here opening my forum package from Dave Albersdam.
Ah, there he is.
See, and you're still on him short. He wouldn't let you down.
Got some sugar free vanilla hazelnut syrup.
Got some chip. Now what kind of homenties can do some?
Diggin' in here now. Wait a minute.
Sure, surely not those little triangle ones, and they'll call them surely.
They always are. And they're there. Ah, fat.
They're here.
You kidding me?
I told you that. We'd go through this every year.
Oh, giant.
Those hands don't want those things. Nobody wants to eat that crap.
Virginia peanuts.
Even the Orthodox don't want those.
Prioritized and prioritized in content may also make sure certain online services don't falter,
as features such as digital and TV and phone will be moved online.
Access. What is that?
Oh, um, nuggets filled pretzel nuggets. Peanut butter filled pretzel nuggets.
Under the present system, consumers could suffer inconsistent TV signals and choppy phone calls according to Jade Durinbaum by
threads of current communications in Germantown, Maryland. Broadband over Powerline provider.
I don't know. I don't even understand it.
It goes like this. Like, you go to a lot of websites to get your stories, right?
Yeah.
And let's, new stories don't take a long time to download. Obviously, you click on it if you have a hot broadband.
It clicks right there.
But what if I wanted to watch once upon a time in America now?
Exactly. Or let's say you wanted to watch the 9-11 loose-change video or something like that.
Companies that pay more with the stories saying, companies that pay more will be able to deliver high-speed content to their customers
and the companies that don't want.
So basically, it's kind of like the FCC in reverse all over again.
And companies with money will be able to give high-speed products to their clients and regular people like
Capital Hill Blue or Geschmendrix, they'll have to wait and they'll have slower speed.
So people will be dissuaded from going to those sites.
What is in that grid?
Is that fine, huh?
As the rich get richer in the rest of those days.
That's right.
You're going to have to try to bring that to the cost of the broadband space on our website.
Because it's starting to look like a microwave.
Well, it's just dried cherries.
Mmm, that sounds really good.
And what about the Homox? You haven't gotten to that yet.
There are three little triangular Homoxings.
Tomoxai in here.
Oh!
Those are not Homox.
No, I guarantee you, forget about the villa bill.
Either along's on.
I guarantee that there's some bellies, some bakery around.
Hey, three lane was the one that always sent us the nice honey glaze bread.
Hey, three lane. That's right.
What a memory man for the good stuff. That was fantastic.
Three lane.
Steve from pastry lane.
Ooh.
That was the very best.
But didn't they like turn on us one day because I said all about the Ariel sure one was a big trans
Slava?
I don't think so.
I only said that because I wonder whatever happened to him.
Is he still alive?
Does anyone here?
I don't know.
You know who I though is Dave Helper sent.
Thanks Dave.
Thanks a lot Dave, you're the best.
I'm glad there you go.
See?
And you hear your son I'm sure.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QAO.
What's the hell was that?
Another stunt rejoin?
Maybe.
Yesterday I was rejoiced.
He's going to the whole list of 400 names.
And at the real fair I'm the QAO.
I'm real quick.
And like you know.
And now I got to know what the hell we need the additional stuff on here.
Let's put it over site on Josh's part.
What do you mean by that?
Yeah, what is that mean?
Yeah, what's all the zami?
You blame him Josh for it now you start like fine fault you start like point the finger.
Just because you got the home in touch.
We need one of your ether.
What if you do?
The nice knowing.
Oh, I'm going to open your paper.
Oh, apricot.
My hands.
I also have the prune.
I was sleeping in the park just trying to take the scenes.
I got home in the dark.
It left me black and blue.
I'm hurt so bad.
I'm coughing up blood.
I'm dying on the air.
Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs?
Don't know why this happened.
I took the most to the head.
They took off.
They were laughing.
They left me here for death.
I've got an ass.
Would they hire drugs?
Yes.
Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs?
I'm lying here.
Can hardly move.
They took those baseball bat-sense ones like they grew.
I could ask the parents why.
They raised their kids this way.
Lots and lots of prison time.
Will be the price they pay.
What then and jailed with all those other clubs?
Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs?
Let me ask you something.
Is that time here?
Your body color is responsible for these videos.
It would be a thanks producer.
We made it long.
Thanks producer.
You know what you thought of what I'm saying?
Why do we need a double dose?
What do we need that for?
First of all, the thing goes on forever in the first place.
Every basketball game was ever born, including everybody played the game.
Then we get a double rejoin.
You're trying to keep the show tight and neat and clean and smooth.
Not so smudsy.
You feel like unclean after that happens.
You feel unclean?
Yes, that's because of a lot of mercy.
No, after you have those home attacks, you'll feel unclean.
Especially when that apricot starts getting to you.
Wow.
What's our final to that?
I know it's embarrassing.
I don't even want to talk about it.
What did I write this down?
What did I have on the land?
Which roll he's going to throw in ten bucks and make it 600.
What a guy.
Thanks, rollie.
You demand.
What are you laughing about?
Give me half a seat.
I think God made that up.
Did he really?
I don't know what the hell we got.
I have no idea.
What do we get 590?
590.
We started with 166070.
Let me do the math.
Okay.
600 is 17270.
We'll make 20,000 by the end of the week even if Mandy Bell has to kick him to the difference.
Of course, another thing you're forgetting about back in the day.
Every time we get involved in one of these deals, whether it was center one,
the Camilla's house, Van and Pat Rescue, whoever we were raising money for,
the station would write a check.
Remember that?
Not basically for the money back, but I would do a Disney or Bob Green would come up with a grand.
Everybody involved.
I don't want to mention any personality things like that.
I won't put the squeeze in our colleagues here on our colleagues.
That's what I'm saying.
Now we're out there on the limb.
We're out there all by ourselves like an alcatraz.
That's basically what it's all about.
That's right out on the island.
See you tomorrow from Alcatraz.
Bye, bye, bye.
