So 30 years later, 8 to 2 in Tampa, no less. What was the smoking?
30 years later, thanks to the Beast by the way for your facts. Thanks. By the way, I have
the solution for the Panthers. Yeah, they should take 16 days off and then come back and
play again. Okay, sounds good to me. It's like a fresh horse. Take the Leafs can take
16 weeks off and come back and play again. Well, my game difference. It's like a fresh
horse, you know, some horse. I was about to hockey talk. Okay, that would not be a good
way to start my 30th anniversary yet. You started it. Now, how I did. The first words
out of your math were 8 to 2 out of Tampa. Yeah. Yeah. But that had to do with hockey.
Oh, you were talking about something else? I was talking about the odds of the the
dog track. Oh, that's a little open by the way. Yes, it's a nice track. Oh, it's not a nice
track. The St. Pete Derby Lane was a nice track. Tampa is a nice, I've been over there.
I have two. Steinbrunner since Steinbrunner bought it. It's very nice. Do you like the dog track?
Yeah. I went over there to watch signal casting when I was there covering some football games
for you know, I went there to watch the breeder's cup one year. It was pretty good. Derby Lane was
really something. Yeah. I remember that one too. And Flagler. Yeah. All these places rest in peace.
Flagler's still open. Here comes the bunny and there goes, uh, yeah. Flagler's still open.
High was still open. Parents is out of town. He's busy doing the UN basketball again tonight. We
got UNM in Maryland. So he's up there in wherever the hell that is. The UNM is dropped. College Park.
Good place for him. So what are you going to do for your anniversary? Absolutely nothing.
What do you mean nothing? Tomorrow I'm going to celebrate by taking off at 1250. Oh, it's a
baseball. And again, next Wednesday, next Wednesday at 1250. 30 years ago.
The lens, they are the best huh? 30 years ago. Do you ever think you'd be doing like in the
two-hour show? Because you were going to because you were going to leave for a
while. It's talking. Look at who's talking. This guy does three hours every day on days when he
shows up and then we used to be on there four to six thirty two and a half hours scam. You should
have never let that thing go. No matter if for love or money. Uh, money. Four to six thirty boy.
Wasn't love. But the money. Yeah, look at that four to six thirty tomorrow. Manditch has got
a scam because the Panthers are much your all-around plan. Yep. And then he's got four to six thirty on
Friday because it's a Panthers in the Hurricanes. Well, that should be really ugly. So then you
know. You never know. After last night, maybe they're on the verge of greatness.
You don't want to talk hockey on your anniversary? No, I sure don't.
There you go again. You want to see the faxes and the telegrams? Oh my god, you would be just,
you just plots. Is that president going to call their show? See one, two, three, four, five. What
faxes this morning? Let's hear it. Oh, right. After thirty years, man, they're lined up at my
door here. They're all the way out there on Young Street. Fantastic. That's one for every four and a
half years. Yeah. Oh, the love. Can't you feel the love and the warmth from Southfoot?
Remember the song The Warmth of the Sun by the Beach Boys? Yes. Well, the warmth is up the
atmosphere in Southfoot. But not the people. That's the difference. Wow. This cold is a giant
brick of ice. Remember, I'm sure you remember the days when the ice man used to bring the,
he had the big pair of tons. Yep. And these had that big block of ice that they were using
the freezer. It belonged before the days of the modern refrigerators. Yeah, the milkman would
show up and then the iceman. The paperboy. And the paperboy? That's right. Well,
the paperboy still shows up. I don't know who the paperboy general is. It's like a 40-year-old guy now.
And what a shame that I guess I canceled the wrong paper because I canceled the
hero that's housed quite some time ago. And the Sun Central still shows up. And now the only
reason Kevin Backstreet wrote that, and I don't want Sun on grateful because he wrote a nice piece,
is that deaf call them. Yeah. So the Sun Central wrote nothing. You're good buddy, Jicca.
You know, there's a thing about people being little, not only in stature. There are some
short people like Napoleon who is small in stature, but big in terms of his impact on the world.
But there are people who are small physically and also in other ways as well like Tom Jicca.
Just just being a small person. Just like how to spite. You know, I mean, he wrote a big thing
on the 20th anniversary and the 25th anniversary. Well, of course, about third, which is the title of
our CD that we're peddling out for abandoned pet rescue. That, you know, that would seem to be
that would be pretty significant. But not in the Sun Central. There isn't one word, not nearly a word.
Positive, negative, friendly, hostile. We'll just ignore that old queen. That's all. It's just
hell with them. And you know what? Hell with them. So in your 30 years, I'm still waiting for you to
throw Jicca over. In fact, maybe that's why I haven't seen him. I haven't, you know, been going
out to call him. He hasn't come to the local scene. He was, he was, he's too important for that.
I write, I write, I talk pieces about network TV shows that'll be canceled about 10 minutes.
Haven't seen him, huh? Not lately. Well, maybe that's a good sign. So my question for you is,
yes, 30 years. Yeah. That's nice to sit, Levin. By the way, you rescued me from that shopping
center in Yuma, Arizona. That's a true story. I was going to rate a started job in Yuma, Arizona.
Oh, yeah, you turned back. And I called my mother. She said,
Siddler Vind is called from WKAT. He wants to talk to you. He thinks he wants to hire you.
You know, it's like turned around and drove all the way back.
I was thinking about you yesterday and said, and in the days when you started there,
you know, Sidd was the first one to put sports talk on the air too. Well, that's unfortunate.
He had sunny hers, right? Chris Myers and Luther Evans. Oh, Luther Evans did the horse racing
thing, Resident P. So Luther had a talk show on Sunday nights. That's correct. So those were the
first sports talk shows, Daniel. And we had Art Smith was the engineer. I'm just talking about
all the dead people I can. And Laverne was the receptionist and Lynn Russell and Jim Alton were
the morning. What was the name of that show? Did they have a name? I forget.
Try to remember the guy who used to be the sports producer there.
Pretty sure Jim Alton is dead. I don't know. Howard Primer was there waiting to get fired.
I want to go through that story again. That's a great story. How'd you like to be programmed
directly? Howard. That was great. And then I guess I don't have to ask you this question.
What about Joe Fried? The best radio guy you ever worked for. And I guess you would
probably be cast without a question. I mean, Sid was very nice to me to give me my start.
And he's a good guy. But I wouldn't say Sid was necessarily a radio guy. And of course,
he was a politician. He was on the dead commission back then. Remember? He was in the Graham
administration. He was a secretary of political guy. That's right. In fact, I had, this is bizarre.
I had my first boss in the market. Sid Levin is a guest on my show. I just knew because at that
point, he was working for Florida Plunder at Lut or he was either in the... Yeah, he worked there.
No, I don't think so. I think he was working for the State for Bob Graham. I don't remember.
But he had both jobs. He's a guest on my show. How's that? Yeah, Dick Casper was... And of course,
Tom Jicke was too lazy to write about Dick Casper, too. Tom, you're just a nothing man.
You're pathetic. You just said. You belch a lot. That's your claim to fame. You belch on
here a lot every time you're on all those shows, you know? And then every now and then he goes on Mr.
Ego show and he was sitting around with me and asked, Hey, that's great. Just spelled this
pronounced the name right, Tom. You jackass. What a joke. He goes on that show? Yeah. Oh, yeah.
I guess fire reports from the limited number of people who might be listening. Yeah, Tom Jicke.
Good close personal friend. I know he comes on Eddie's show. He don't go on anybody's show.
No, he fills in on Eddie's show. He doesn't come on the show. He fills in. He's not around.
He fills in. That's why he's terrified. Like saying anything about Greg Reader,
that he had anything with the station. Because his mom lose that gig.
Oh, I'm sure it's a very important gig, though. You're a weak sister, Tom. Well, it gives him a
little extra gambling money. You know, for those times when you and he are out there,
he was in it called her. So don't you want to say nice things on your 30th anniversary?
You know, you mean by that? You know, it's a nice thing.
I said a nice thing about fun and bad. Sure, I thanked him about Siddler Van about everybody.
I've mentioned now, said Tom Jicke. I said something nice about Gary Lawrence at
I and Z who helped to get me on Zeta. Okay. I think a lot of people here say, don't get
angry. I'm not the least bit aggravated. Believe me, the sun is shining here. It's cold
as hell, but it's sunny and beautiful. There's no snow on the ground. There's not one bit of snow.
And it's in the first and March already. We sure dives winter up here this year. I'll tell you that.
Basically, there wasn't any sun always shines on you. Oh, yeah. Yeah, sure it does.
Yeah, Dick Casper was great. And then we had the course Greg Reed. That's an other story.
We sure miss you, Greg. And of course, the water knots you leave in now. How are you going to
survive without that? Don't mess with my log. Yeah, if there was one word I could think about
the environment and that place would be pleasant. Pleasant. Don't laugh with my log.
He's a real piece of work. And of course, you're in. You know, this he can always judge somebody
by the people he surround themselves with. And he looked at Greg Reed and the misfits that he
surrounded himself with. And I spoke for itself. It's it's it's folks like spokes on a bicycle wheel.
Would you say that Joe is taking care of all the family business? No, I wouldn't I wouldn't say
that. I say you got a good start. He's off to a really good start, but he's got a lot of fish
still to fry. Man, there's a lot of a lot of business to take care of, including your junior
program director who now is trying to play butch boss now. Oh, don't play that good. I think it's
over the top. I think it's not good for air. And he's pretending to be like a real program director
now because he knows that he may be next. And if Joe's got any smarts, he should be next because he's
he's a program director like my little dog was in the heart surgeon. You know, it's just ridiculous
on the face of it. In addition, which he's not even there again because he's doing another two or
three day sabbatical to broadcast some silly as you and basketball game. How many people do you
think, listen, do you have basketball? Oh, tonight's huge. Big game. Yeah. Yeah. I
was going to be more generous. But third man. Yeah, I was going to be a little more generous than that.
One for every year you've been on. Yeah, that's right. Just like in fact, that's my goal today is
to get 30 facts as I got seven that would be one for each year. Even if their hostile facts
is I don't care about that. You know that fat boy came in this morning and sucked up, which was so
instant. Sierra was pathetic. Jeff. Hi. He came in there. Those sales guys are all except for
Brian's most sincere. Brian's a good guy. Yeah. Well, there's one. And Beth,
she just got here. Yeah, I know that. And Claret's wants to apologize again for the foul language
he used when she came in her own Monday. Clarence? Yeah. Why would he do that?
He'll tell you about it. We don't want to tell you the whole story. Hey, we don't tell you the
whole story. All right. Let's do it on another day. It was your day.
Here my day, my ass. Get out of here. Oh, your day. Yeah. That's right. Big fat, pimpley,
a day is what it is. Just like my ass. Same old self-order crap, man. I'll tell you one thing.
Can't complain about the warmth and the tenderness and the feeling and the love where like Moe would say,
where is the love? Where is the love? Remember that day? Where is the love? You know,
I'm a saddening sore Moe. Yeah. Although I will say this somehow, we're managing to fumble our
way along without him. He kept saying, what is he going to say? What are they going to talk about?
What I'm going? Well, he is gone. We're still talking. I'm not talking about him. Yeah. I'm
surprised. He hasn't sent me a notice yet. Although he's busy holding on my pool about, let's see,
Ponderous enough already on my 30 years. Ponderous enough or maybe he voted for stale 15 times.
What's your poll? The poll is what best described Niels 30 years on ear and Miami. I've got
different words or slogans or you know, and I put some negative ones on here. Obviously for the
now contents, we're still listening of course, but you know like Ponderous enough already and stale.
Those are the two really aggravating. Agributing is only got one. But there's about 5% on
there that are negative and that's fine. They're still listening right now. Just like the
Schmuck that thanked me yesterday about how, oh, you're so sorry that I'm not on serious because
Howard Stern is on, you know, and you know, the Stern, Stern's got another 50 million dollar fee
publicity now that CBS is suing him. Yeah. And so Stern's back on a front page of everything. And
so the Suncentle's all over Sternlight, which who's not even on the market by the way, unless you
got the serious thing. Thanks a lot to the Suncentle. Okay, I hope that all I hope you're building
crashes. I hope somebody puts a big bomb right in the middle of your newsroom. Not that I take it
personally, I understand. Well listen, have a great day. You too. Enjoy your anniversary.
Give a sit a little bit in a big kiss on the lips next time you guys have lunch. Yeah, I'm
talking to sit in the one I get a good one. Well, say it was for me. Thanks a lot. Okay. Tell them
you call the cats and times still listening in that big guy. Listening room in the sky.
Ask the money on that. Hey, I would rate that. Thanks.
Oh.
Everybody. Hey, everybody. All the time. That's the will.
You might have been louder for him.
I was raised in anger in our soul
And in our bones
Everybody has changed everybody all the time
Friday, on tolerance and fear
Absolutely
It's where it's a fresh choice of the days
And they don't want to live
You're right, they're added to quite a dollar
With a machete and a dress no slice you to the phone
They're in the dreadlocks of rush hour
Although in the summer clouds you mad at us
You fell, have right by it, hate, have right by it all the time
No, I'll die in flesh if it be due
Some things are free to walk in from upon old happy
10-14 happy anniversary to me, thank you so much
Maybe I'll send myself a few facts, is that a good opportunity?
Sure, sure, sure, sure
That's the only way I'll get to 30, I'll guarantee you that
Hey, attention men
If you have a hair loss problem or if you're currently wearing a hair system you better listen to this very carefully
Put your ear right up to the speaker
Charles Alfieiri has been supplying and designing hair systems for showbiz people, politicians and more importantly
Everyday smucks like you for over 40 years
And most people say you can always spot a hair system
While those people are talking about the bad ones
Those mostly look at muskrats, how many good hair systems go on notice because they look like real hair like it's growing out of your scalp
Charles Alfieiri hair systems are completely natural design
With just the right amount of hair in the proper wee sessions, run your hands through it, grab it, squeeze it
It looks and feels just like your own hair
And for just $99 now, Charles will custom design a hair system for you
And you got nothing to lose but that shiny ugly bald spot that makes you look about 10-20 years older
You try the system for a couple of weeks
If you're happy with the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're getting all the action you could possibly handle it
Yours for just an additional 500 bucks
And Charles is so confident that you will be satisfied he offers you the following guarantee
If you're not completely happy with your hair system, just return it and Charles will give you back the 99 bucks
So like I said, you got nothing to lose but that bald spot on offer you have to be crazy to refuse
Call Charles today his studios in for a letter to make an appointment for you
He will bring your ass in there, sit you down and show you how much better and younger he can make you look
Call toll free 1-800-321-2413
Forget about the pills and the muskrats and the blood oozing down your forehead
This is the way to get the great looking head of hair you want
1-800-321-2413 or on the Wicked Web, CharlesAlphiari.com
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.15 Q-A-F
3-2-1
3-2-1
3-2-1
3-2-1
3-2-1
3-2-1
3-2-1
3-2-1
3-2-1
3-2-1
3-2-1
I can tell you where you are wrong
Sorry I wasn't, I can tell you where you're wrong
I don't think so
I'm not a man
I'm not a man
I'm not a man
I'm not a man
I'm not a man
I'm not a man
I'm not a man
I'm not not a man
I'm not a man
I'm not a man
I'm not a man
I'm not a man
I'm not a man
I'm not a man
Yeah, Jeff High is like the big fat cat that just won't go away.
You keep picking it up and heaving it against the wall and just trying to give it the
hint like get out of here.
All right, you open the door, kick it, and just keeps coming back for more.
Yeah, rubbing up against your leg.
119 votes on yesterday's poll.
People in South Florida are rude and hostile.
575.
Absolutely.
Dumb as dirt.
209.
Mostly, okay, 199.
The worst drivers in the world, 134, but off a lot of negativity, let's see, 64, 75
percent.
I hate this poll 74.
The best people in South Florida are the best 16, friendly 10 and geek.
10, friendly people, I guess we just haven't met most of them yet, right?
Right, I'm still waiting.
Well, we have a lot of people that want to be our friends.
You know that crowd.
Let's say, let me get to these fangs.
Here, although I guess I should mention now our goal is 1,000 votes on the poll today.
I think we can make it through the show.
What?
They were already there early.
I know.
We got 1,014.
Well, I put this on here about 5,6 o'clock last night because number one, the other poll
sucked.
They didn't like it.
Number two, I figure, why not give myself a little pat on the ass?
Which best, what best described, Neil's 30 years on the year in Miami?
321.
And thanks to the guy to call in before the end of the show because he came up with on
the label.
That's number one.
That's a real feather in his grab.
321 votes.
Entertaining 309.
The pulse of South Florida 68.
A real midst of 59.
I voted for that only because I understand what it means.
Fun, 59.
All that depends on who's, who's, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's
the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's
the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's
the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's
the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's
the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's
the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's
the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the
who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's
the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the
who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the
who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the
who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the
who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the
who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the
who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the
who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the
who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the
who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the
who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the
who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the
who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the
who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the
who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the
who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the
who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the
who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the
who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the, who's the
who's the, who's the, who's the
who's the
who's the
who's the
who's the
who's the
who's the
best fresh Italian food. It doesn't get no better than John the baker.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.6.2.8.
BAM!
Absolutely.
Is it John or Lee or does it involve your behind?
It's John Furman thinks that only Gays do this.
You're fair. Most states have laws. You could be jailed or they are fine.
The Senate now must pick which orifice.
Right, Tom?
O sat me, Peter Pog's old couple's right.
Arch back for unbended needs.
O sat me, the front door to backside.
Just go and ask to Kennedy.
If long is my days in the Senate, you'll have a seat.
People without help care, folks laughing lightly heard.
The way they act is really what is looong.
Well, there's homes to model sector and horned bobpack wood.
No matter where you stick it, we get screwed.
Look out of me, the Senate's lost its mind.
There's some good drugs and crime God knows.
Oh God.
Look out of me, they're saving all mankind.
With careings on the lycee.
Oh.
Boys met by protest in India.
All right.
Here with the Indian people said, hubbim and dread.
Let's talk about that bit I just played. There's a reason for it.
Our Senator Ted Stevens, Republican of Alaska, softened his stance on extending
a decency legislation to cable and satellite.
A pair of his colleagues are picking up where he left off.
They're picking up the ball. They're picking up the baton.
And it goes to show you that both parties suck.
I mean, you can take the Democrats and Republicans and it's just all the same garbage.
Swill, bunch of pandewars.
Abilityed up by senators J. Rockefeller, Democrat of West Virginia,
who I used to think was a rational guy and came Bailey Hutchinson,
a real redneck from Texas.
We're not always to get cable and satellite to indecency rules.
We would also authorize the FCC to regulate violence and TV programming.
You ready for this? I told you it was coming.
Yeah.
And then of course after that it'll be satellite radio.
That'll be the next thing.
So Howard, once you get through with your thing with CBS,
which I have a lot to say about that.
In this case, I have to agree with Stern.
I mean, CBS is full of crap.
They could have taken him off the air any time they wanted to.
And now they're just looking their wounds and they're all upset
because they've got nobody to put on here in their CBS stations.
Their ratings are way, way down.
And their revenue is way, way down.
So once he started promoting serious on the air,
if they were really worse serious, they shouldn't have just taken him off the air.
They could have done any time they wanted.
But no.
Or they could have gotten an injunction against him to keep him from talking about it.
Right.
But no.
Because they want to continue squeezing the sponge and bleeding as much money out of Stern as they could.
Anyway, we'll get to that.
Hey, Bruce, from Cooper City, your fax is eligible.
Resented.
Now, we send it, Bruce.
And what kind of an aim is that anyway, huh?
Yeah.
Let's see.
More fax is that.
Well, let me just get this out of the way.
The bill would initially increase to maximum fine for a single indecency incident or violent content
to $500,000 subject to a cap of $3 million.
The FCC would be given latitude to double fines for egregious cases, such as incidents in which the offensive material had been scripted in advance,
and reduce fines when appropriate for small and local wheeling broadcasters.
In addition to first-member concerns, the bill could also encounter resistance for adding TV violence to the FCC's purview.
And it goes on about, they want to do this, they want to do that, they want to be put in a moopra, it's just the same old crap.
Sensor, sensor, sensor, and it makes no difference whether it's Democrats, Republicans, they're all on, nobody's in the smut, man.
Everybody wants the sensor to help with their first amendment on all these other things.
By the way, as far as the porch deal is concerned, I know a lot of you are very whipped up into a frenzy about it,
and you can get whipped up on you want like Lou Dams, but the fact of the matter is that tomorrow the deal becomes final.
Right.
The deal goes through tomorrow, and of course the 45-day dog and pony show that they put not to passify everybody in common with a history of them,
that is meaningless because even at the end of the 45 days they found out that it jeopardizes national security,
and that they're much a terrorist, they're going to be waiting in every port in America, it doesn't make any difference because the deal acted tomorrow has been deal legally.
It goes through.
In other words, there ain't no turning back now, like Cornie just said, brothers and sisters, Rose would say it's too late to turn back now.
So, good luck.
And of course, but you only found out about a couple days before all the fear started, the fear, but then he says, oh well he's going to exercise his first veto if they try to block it.
What does that tell you?
A liar, liar, your things on fire, and India they say, hubby and drear.
Facts your rich says, now there's Cornie, his brothers and sisters, Rose.
Just because you mentioned it.
I know.
That was really something yesterday, spiders and snakes, but Jim Stanford, that was extra special.
I like to protect you.
Here's the fact that says, happy 30th year old humpback you, I'm not sure we can say that humpback.
Can we say humpback?
I can't say D-bag, we certainly can't say S-bag.
I'll send clearance a text message.
Yes, then parents and email and see if we get approval from our junior program directors up there, bouncing basketballs in Maryland somewhere.
What a jackass.
It has been a lawyer listener for 10 years myself.
That's how long I've been swimming this tepid cesspool of humanity called South Florida.
30 more years of fun at least for you, my friend.
Oh god.
30 more years.
Sure.
Neil, I'm old.
I've heard them all and you're the best.
Happy 30th.
I hope you were here for many, many more.
You're oldie, moldy friend.
All right.
Whoever that is.
Oldie, moldy friend from the everlasting covenant church.
This fact comes.
How do you like that?
A church person.
Maybe it's from the church lady.
You think?
Might be.
Here's one that says from Jack, happy anniversary.
Neil been listening since 86.
How long has George been with you?
14 or 15 years.
15 years.
15 years.
And we couldn't have done it without George.
Man, he is something.
He's one of a kind.
Of course.
Yeah.
What kind is that?
Well, is it true that you buy George a new car over here?
No, I don't buy.
No, actually I do pay for George's car payment.
And we'll have to talk about that.
Yeah.
But the best of what you do is stay well, Jack.
No, I don't buy the new car over here, but I do pay his car payment.
I have no idea why.
I just got, I just, I don't know.
Well, I know how that happened.
Because you said the trade deal from Kendall Toyota, remember that?
Yes, I did.
And I used to get the car and I'd give it to George because I already had like 15 cars
and I gave him.
And then of course Kendall Toyota canceled because Wayne bought Kendall Toyota
and actually once they he found out that I was doing their spots,
that was the end of our relationship with Kendall Toyota and Mark Jacobson
and those awful TV shows.
So that's how that came about.
And please to do it, especially with the big bucks that George had making.
And of course, Josh Cordis, who's unsung hero who just gets screwed over.
How's that deal coming?
I'm sorry I asked.
But the check is in the mail.
Sweet.
Yeah, there you go.
Oh, I should mention this little promo for our, it's on our website.
Nice job, Eric, man.
Did you look at that thing?
That thing looks like it.
You did.
That thing really looks nice on our website.
There is a reason to go there besides voting for, uh, now how come that phone keeps ringing?
Okay, ring already once.
And I'm not here.
Okay, that means the vocal Brian discos downstairs.
Well, I should go get it and play that thing a few times when we can vote on whether we should play or not.
Good idea.
Let's see, uh, it says a happy 30th anniversary, Neil.
And there's the cover of, I'm stopping on the hand of the bridge tender,
who's reaching from the grave.
You better know your laws, Mr. the bridge tender, it's cute.
And you can order on there the CD and the T-shirt.
And also we got, uh, van hits today.
Two of them.
Yes.
Aren't you excited?
Okay.
New into van number one.
We'll be at the southeast corner of Pines and University in the Hooters Park in light with our merchandise.
And then van number two in the same hours new to two will be on the southwest corner of 27th Avenue,
S1 and Miami at the Shell gas station.
CDs and commemorative T-shirts, 20 bucks a piece benefit,
abandoned teresco and four-dollar deal.
The van will be at the locations new into two.
Oh, it says we'll be calling Josh without our amounts after every spot break.
Well, that's exciting.
That'll be a nice change from the way it used to be.
Remember, kind of got to like, uh, well, everything that we had sent the van is that we never got any more information no more.
Oh, I'll have to see if it happens.
In other words, your little skeptical.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry to have it.
The Havve is I see happy 30th year from a semi chronic factory with less frequent call.
That's very well for you.
Less frequent call or good.
Appreciate that very much.
Appreciate it.
Happy anniversary.
Hello, NIO.
Mazel tof.
Do you want to be thanks for a last and anti-bush league jokes.
Thanks for guiding light updates.
Oh, by the way, what are they done to that show?
All the actors and actresses are leaving.
We're stuck with Olivia and Buzz and Frank and of course with Alan and what's his name, Dying.
Oh, my God.
Just they ruined that show.
Oh, when I miss our show, it says and then it says oh, Christopher Francis, it's 30 years you bastard.
It says.
Yeah, the guy in light has been the destroyed people at CBS have a death wish.
Maybe that's why they sued Howard Stern idiots.
Here's one that says thank you for the years, NIO God.
Happy 30th on the air.
We enjoy your show and work.
It helps us guess.
I'll get us through the day.
We hope for many more of the gang at Supercharger.
PS.
This guy at work keeps asking me to request a bit.
You did a while back about a guy's deck.
Oh, yeah, deck.
Hold your breath.
That might be on the CD.
Is it?
Let me check.
I tried to put that kind of thing on.
Can't play that on the air in no more.
Yes, back 48.
There you go by the CD.
You have a pack of things.
I'll have a record.
I'll have a record.
I'll have a record.
I'll have a record.
I'll have a whole bunch more of these.
We will take on a whole bunch of calls, at least like maybe two or three.
I'm kind of curious why they called twice there.
Maybe there are two discs showed up downstairs.
Or maybe the big check from the Beasley's.
Let's see.
I'll be like, you know, the $10,000 per year with Alex.
You have a grand, right?
So let me write them in advance for the huge, nice bonus for my 30th anniversary because
I'm sure the Beasley's came up with something really special.
Other than, of course, that cheap-ass idea of putting up the 10 grand of print the CDs that
they want to take back from the Eproceeds.
That's really cheap.
That is even for them.
That's above and beyond the call of duty.
Do you think?
Do you think?
Do you think?
Yes, I will.
I'll tell you that.
It's only a multi-million dollar company on the stock exchange.
$10,000,000.
$10,000,000.
$10,000,000.
$10,000,000.
$10,000,000.
$10,000,000.
$10,000,000.
$10,000,000.
$10,000,000.
$10,000,000.
$10,000,000.
$10,000,000.
$10,000,000.
$10,000,000.
$10,000,000.
$10,000,000.
$10,000,000.
$10,000,000.
$10,000,000.
$10,000,000.
$10,000,000.
$10,000,000.
$10,000,000.
$10,000,000.
$10,000,000.
I stayed in front of you now, two years later,
and say it took me a little while.
I'm a little slow learner, but Neil, I apologize.
It's way deal.
You are the truth.
Hope John Paul is gone, I just read.
He's been hanging on by a thread,
when they found him in dead dead.
All the Catholics said they all said,
by Pope, they said, by Pope,
they said why did you have to go?
Die Pope, but you know him was really old.
Now he's difficult, but he's a year's last girl.
Now it's time to have a funeral.
Now it's time to have a funeral.
Now it's time to have a funeral mass.
Have less.
Leader of the church was his role,
but old age had taken his toll.
Heaven is now his soul,
go, put that pole in our hole as we say,
by Pope, we'll say, by Pope,
I say, I feel so bad I'm gonna cry.
Pope, then when you reach the pier,
it gets there, same Peter waits,
there's your final reward.
Poor old Pontiff now.
Stiff is a poor old Pontiff now.
Stiff is a poor old Pontiff now.
Stiff is a port.
A third line.
The Inavity Potray,
a Philly,
a Spirits to a Sunday.
I don't feel so good.
Ten forty seven of you.
So here's Bruce, who is not gay,
he says in Cooper City.
He says, happy thirty if I'm one of your few left over listeners
from the Howard Stern experience.
How does he know that?
That he's one of the few.
That's a good probably right.
He's probably right.
I found your show in Stullis and even after a QM dropped out,
and I enjoyed listening to Howard for now over 20 years,
but I refused to pay a listen about lesbians.
I really love your show,
you're funny and entertaining.
He says, Bruce in Cooper City was not gay.
We believe you, Bruce.
Change your name.
Okay.
Here's that story,
which I'm sure everybody by now knows
because he's getting another $80 million screen publicity from it.
He's just amazing, you know.
I'm talking about his show.
I'm just talking about the ability.
Here it is thirty years on the air in this market.
I think only Rick Shaw has exceeded that record.
I mean, it's not a big deal to me,
but it's just, you know,
from a standpoint of survival in a brutal market.
I mean, I just can't be able to tell you how brutal it is.
It's almost impossible for surviving this market.
These people will chew you up and spit your ass out,
and then the rest of you too.
But the Sun's Central decides it's not worth one word,
and if, like I said,
if Death Wouldn't Have Called Kevin Baxter,
they wouldn't have written a word either
because they hate me like poison in the Feming is mutual.
And so, and that's it.
That's what you got after thirty years.
Nothing.
Zero.
You know, I mean, the factors are coming in as very nice.
Thank you so much.
And if one is bringing it off the hook,
and I'll get to it when I get around to it.
But it's just pathetic.
And here's a guy that every time he farts,
the whole world has to know what flavor it is.
What he had for breakfast that morning,
if he's taken a gavascan or a rolaid,
a whole meal.
He is not the king of all meaty.
He's the king of hype.
He's the king of publicity.
I tip my head to them a hymn on that,
because it's really true.
It's just astonishing.
CBS Radio says that Howard Stern was acting behind his back
in his final months with a company intensive demonstrate that in court.
Yeah, and behind his back he was doing it all the year.
That's funny.
He was doing it all the year,
and as soon as filed yesterday,
the broadcast religious that Stern signed a secret agreement with Sirius Satellite,
that would give him a payment of Sirius' thoughts worth over $200 million in January,
if he met subscriber targets, which he did and which he got.
CBS says Stern promoted Sirius in his final months with a company,
and violation of his contract with the company,
the lawsuit also says that Stern is keeping audio recordings that belong to CBS
of Richard Contraig.
Stern responded by saying that CBS Chief of the Less Moon Viz is pursuing a personal vendetta against him
because the networks radio fortunes have plunged since he left the joint satellite radio,
just like those ratings of David Lee Roth,
they have to have a magnifying glass to see.
Not good.
I'm offended.
I really do think it's a personal vendetta.
Less has handed in for me for a long time.
I don't deserve it.
Stern told a news conference.
A news conference.
The New York Post-Imported Lawsuit would seek $500 million from Stern to complete with
the New York Supreme Court.
How do you like that?
Shares of CBS, by the way, fell 1.3% on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday.
And just the day before on Monday, there was a very, very interesting article,
which I wasn't going to bore you with, but from a radio standpoint,
the fact that CBS is losing their ass on the CBS owned stations that Stern used to be on,
because their numbers in the morning are way down and the revenue is way down.
So now I guess they're trying to get their money back.
They could have taken him off the air any time they wanted to.
They could have gone to court and got an injunction to keep him from talking about serious and promoting on here.
Did they do these things?
No.
No, because they wanted, like I said, before they wanted to squeeze air,
read down out of the cash card that they possibly could before they finally said,
OK, that's a bye-bye.
That's it.
Am I right?
That's all right.
Yeah, but right.
Absolutely correct, sir.
Jerry Amidita Springs, who's a regular chronic factor, but a good one's matter of fact, that's unusual.
It's an unusual combination.
It says, I've been listening to you on and offered 22 years.
The off-parts weren't due to the quality of the show it had to do with where I was living.
I first found you in 84.
I spent the winter in Kielargo.
I found your show while surfing the FM dial.
Oh, that was the FM dial?
Later while visiting Kielargo, but in the Springs, I would search the AM and FM dials till I found your show.
Later I lived in Tampa.
Yes, I became a laciter junkie when it came to WFLA.
Then you started your summer cast in WS.
You went, I couldn't believe it.
It was unbelievable.
It was a sad day for me when you were no longer on in Tampa.
It was a great day for us.
Oh, God.
Yeah, what an experience.
In 1993, I moved to the beneath the Springs not because of your show, but for other reasons.
Thanks to my GE Super Radio.
I've listened to most of your show since 1993, both at WIO, D and QIM.
I'm not a call to about an avid listener and fan.
That's the kind of person we like during your same good-faces, too.
You're okay in our book.
If we had a mid-end like you, we'd be in good shape.
Even Josh would be making a few bucks.
I listened to Radio for years and you are in laciter or the best at ever heard.
Thanks for 30 years of great radio.
But third man.
And I've only enjoyed 22.
You're the man, Neil.
Thank you, Jerry.
Have a wonderful life.
Lisa.
Where is Lisa?
She says, thank you for entertaining educating me for somewhere around 11 or 12 years.
The first time I called you was when I first started listening.
You were complaining about the lack of women calling in.
So I suggested you should have a female sidekick.
You ripped me and asked.
I told all my friends about it and they thought that it was the coolest.
I listened to every day of work in my husband and I discussed things you brought up on a show regularly, like lunch.
We even have a picture of you in our office that says, Brian, you're non-practicing, you bastard.
We got that in the parents' house at the pizza loft in Davy many moons ago.
Oh, I remember that place when Jeff Cohen used to be our friend.
My husband and I live with a hope that in our future we'll get rid of the bushes in the religion.
As we hope for a public flaying of Janet Jackson and a return to the fart-filled radio.
Yeah, thanks a lot, Janet.
You bitch.
You slut.
We hope for the overturning of the pay-credac.
Oh, now they're voting on it today and there's no chance of that.
And Neil God for president.
Happy 30th says Lisa.
Thanks, Lisa.
That's sweet.
They've done voted.
It was like 81 to 18.
I beg your pardon?
The pay-trade act.
Oh, they're already doing a voting.
81 to 18.
They're done.
It passed.
It's a back-end here again.
Seaghyl.
Gustap.
I see Rick says, Captain Rick.
I know I can be chronic in times I try not to be.
You are, but you're okay.
I've been loyal listener for about 15 years and have loved every second of it because you and your stories have lost about 100 pounds altogether.
It's true.
You do go through withdrawal since when you get off the sugar.
You're the best.
You're getting off that sugar man.
It ain't easy.
It ain't easy.
It's so difficult.
Oh, God.
How the hell do you do it?
I got a new blood sugar monitor here.
I know it's very exciting.
This is a waiting radio.
Is that the one that uses less blood?
Yeah, it's the one touch.
You just touch it once and all of a sudden like, yeah.
I'll say it's a lot of work.
Now, here you go.
You're standing doing it right now.
I'm not going to tell you what it is.
It's my mind.
Come on now.
No, I'm not going to tell you what it is.
Say it.
I'll say, oh, that thing really hurts.
That's a very sharp Lancet.
Man.
Because it's a brand new one.
Is there a Lancet?
Oh, man.
It's a Lancet a lot.
And then you're like, just, you hold your side of your firm and it just sucks the blood out of
there in five seconds.
Boop, boop, boop, three, two, one.
And there is, oh, it's coming down.
It's too high.
And I didn't need any crap yesterday, but sometimes it takes it.
Plus, I'm thinking that my old meter was probably giving me a lower number.
So I think maybe I'll go back to that one.
It's like those scales, you know, they can like tilt from one side to the other.
Right.
And keep getting on there and like tilting until you get a number that you like.
I have, unfortunately, for me here, I have a digital scale.
So it does make it, how you're staying.
What do you do?
It just, it gives you the, I'm set at one foot.
Let's say, Rick says, enough blowing smoke up your ass, it'll ruin the autopsy.
Happy New Year.
Thank you, Rick.
Here's Ken and Atovico.
Oh, my God, a Canadian fax, eh?
Ken, we've had faxes from him before, right?
Thanks, O.
Yes, we have.
He says for about 30 years, I've been vacationing in Florida during the month of January.
I found you somewhere on the radio.
In the past, you, January, waiting show has brought me up to speed this year on going success.
Now I can and do, listen to you on the internet and get my Toronto weather forecast while I'm in Florida.
Well, let's see, where is he right now?
Do we know?
Oh, he's here right now.
Because I can tell it's a 416.
Well, let me give you the weather, Ken.
Well, he can probably look out the window.
Oh, it's minus eight Celsius, but it's sunny and beautiful.
It's really good from where I'm sitting.
He says, you're always informative entertaining on top of the current issues.
Important to us all.
Congratulations.
I look forward to your show for many more years.
You're the best.
Have a great day.
Hey, Ken.
Goldies, school, boy, everybody's stuck.
Here's KP of Coral Gables.
Congratulations on 30 years.
Here's a 30 more.
By the way, Dick Cheney shooting caught on tape and it's got the website.
Filecasteabi.net.
This last year on you.
Wow, I'm going to have to check that out.
It'll be a yo-kitto.
Huh?
And probably.
Or not.
You never know.
Well, of course, it's going to be a yo-kitto.
You think that if anybody actually had videotaped it, they would have come out of there along.
No.
Look at this.
Our good friend, Terry, what's your name?
What the hell is that saying?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know how to read these things.
Although I already throw it away a couple that you don't want.
Terry that we used to work with.
Terry Griffin.
Terry Griffin.
Well, she's got the worst handwriting I've ever seen in my life.
And having my bad Alzheimer's, where the hell is that Terry thing?
There's a lot of it out in the Everglades.
What is that under?
Terry?
Want to score some pot?
It is not.
It's under Terry.
Trust me.
Oh, I see.
If you blow too much, you're in trouble.
And what Terry says, years I spent with you and George were some of the happiest of my career.
Thanks for it all.
It says, you saw where others merely waddle.
Or she must have seen the beast.
Congratulations.
Happy 30, man.
With much love and affection.
Thank you, Terry.
Terry Griffin.
He's the one from her WIOG.
Well, here's a little bit of the nice people.
And also Jennifer Remmel.
We haven't heard from Jennifer.
We're not sure we won't.
But we love her too.
And then there's your friend Jackie Bales.
That's right.
One of the boat leaks.
Jackie Bales.
Oh.
And then there was the real butcher broth.
They used to work at INZ.
What's that was her name?
Oh, I can picture her.
I can't think of what her name was.
They do a leroid down.
Really, butcher.
Here's one.
It says, thanks for all the years of service to South Florida.
You're a shiny beacon of hope and a surly swamp is stupidity.
It's a surly swamp is stupidity.
I like that.
If not for you, I'd just surely eat in someone.
I'll keep up the good work.
Yes, what does cockamoon mean?
Wow, look at that.
Here's a baby monkey.
There's an acrobatics.
Oh, that's pretty interesting.
Ten fifty who up here, he just warned him.
Ten fifty seven of you.
Now, here's how I do this Pompadot Park spot where they've like
put in the words in my mouth.
It says, my buddies at Pompadot Park racing and poker
write to me and say, dear Neil, they can see you in the entire gang
at Pompadot Park.
I want to wish you all the best on your 30th anniversary
of live radio here in South Florida.
Pompadot Park has been one of your loyal supporters since
year one, the very first one.
I mean, the longest going one anyway, since year one that you went on
year 76.
And despite the mockery and degrading in South
about ourselves and the way we conduct business, all of which is true,
poking fun at the horsemen who compete here and most of all going after
the fans who come and bet and enjoy our free spaghetti dinner nights in the past,
please remember just one special thing.
You are one of us.
We miss having you here on a regular basis.
Well, that's sweet.
Thank you, Dick and Steve and all my other good friends at Pompadot Park,
Alan and Mary and all my other.
And don't forget that Pompadot Park racing and poker is all the gambling action
you want, just to have mild from I-95 in the turn pipe.
Pompadot Park is easy to get to and best of all, Pompadot Park features
free admission and free general parking every day.
Live harness racing in our smoke-free poker room is open every Monday, Wednesday,
Friday and Saturday like the day.
Poker gets underway at noon and just an hour and goes on the midnight and
racing gets underway at nightly at 7.25.
Every Monday it's Monday, madness, two for $25 dinner specials on the
6th floor, Toppano Park restaurant.
And every Wednesday, like the night, it's dollar night.
Graph beer, soda, sod dollars and lots more.
Just a bucket of pee starting at 6 p.m.
Pompadot Park, a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on a power line road called
954-972-2000 for the Courta Racing Schedule or on the Wicked Web,
Pompadot Park.com.
Thank you, Alan Finkelson.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q.A.M.
The
World's Most Beautiful
World's Most Beautiful
World's Most Beautiful
World's Most Beautiful
World's Most Beautiful
World's Most Beautiful
World's Most Beautiful
World's Most Beautiful
No, it is white.
We know you can feel it baby.
We know it.
Here it is.
It's timing so white.
He's a hunky bar.
Uh-huh.
He's a white one, baby.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
He's a hunky bar.
He's a hunky bar.
He's a totally white reddouble.
And occasionally reddouble.
And he got no butterball.
You pick a white one, baby.
Uh-huh.
You
have
so white one, baby.
You know when it's white.
You just got the face there.
You
have
so white one, baby.
Uh-huh.
You got no white one, baby.
Uh-huh.
It's completely reddouble.
Very uncovered bowl.
And lovely bowl bowl.
You pick the white one, baby.
Uh-huh.
1103 at 560 W.
Let's take a look at that award winning schedule now.
We got
I beg your pardon?
Let's do it.
KELDI 2-4.
KELDI 2-4.
Well, that's right, it's Wednesday.
Mad Dog 4-7.
Curtis 7-830 to fill out breach.
839 is hurricane warmup,
which I'm sure to be like people gather around
from pillow to post, coast to coast.
9-11 at UM and Maryland basketball.
That's where clearance are makefully programmed
directors up there because it's
you and basketball for so little people.
And then of course 80K up to the basketball game.
Actually, I think clearance is making a right move.
He ought to be working on it play by play or whatever he does on those games because, uh,
he ain't got no food you're doing this.
Here's the facts from Pattonville.
There's only a couple left.
I just stopped counting him.
I don't think we're going to get to 30 to you.
Well, they're pouring it.
Yeah, I bet.
Congratulations.
Where's George?
Is he out doing a, uh,
one of those true most trains?
I guess he is, yeah.
Wow.
Got that green apple,
quick step.
Probably the pressure from this anniversary show got the little George.
That's what it is.
Congratulations, say Pattonville,
from snooze to the ice game shop to spores.
I don't know what spores is.
What is spores?
I'm not sure.
We've been listening and we've been fans.
I know what's, huh?
I don't know.
Hmm.
Invasion of the Vice-Nexes,
I'm rather spores in that movie.
We've never called the lefty of the Gov.
Albu, if you're W.I.N.Z.
or say, oh, thanks for all the fun and the bedtime stories.
Thank you, Pattonville,
thanks for the Gov. Albu.
Let's see Mark from Hell in the O'Veats.
Here's our last facts.
Hi, Neil and George.
Just dropping into facts to which my lord and savior Nearaj was the happiest days on his 30th anniversary of an royalist.
Since June of 88,
can't imagine the waves without you.
Big guy, it says.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Big guy, sounds awfully late.
Thanks to a lot, Mark.
We'll kiss for it.
Mark and Hell in the O'Veats.
Probably chasing the life guards.
Okay, here's what that pole is so far.
Kind of self-serving and self-aggrandizing.
That's just fine.
What best describes Neal's 30 years on here in Miami?
We got 1184 votes.
Our goal is 1,000.
Unbelievable, 388.
Pern, stay available.
Entertaining 360.
The pulses outflow to 74.
Kenya, feel it.
Is there a pulse?
Just barely.
A real Mitzvah, 69.
Fun, 65.
A miracle, 50.
Informative, 50.
Ponderous enough already, 46.
3.8% say enough already.
Provocative, 41.
Stale, 17.
Like last year's Mata.
1.4% say that's like 5.2%.
Ponderous and stale.
All 30 years have been stale, at least inconsistent.
Situating 16, lucky A6 and aggravating 2.
Well, that's not good.
Only 2.
I'm aggravated them.
I'm trying very hard to do that.
I'm trying to ever come back.
No, I'm right here.
I'm reading this facts from Greg from Port State.
Lucy, wondering if I should have faxed it a long or just stored away.
No.
I did the first time.
No.
I'll go to the second one away too.
If you were smart, you were psychic.
You're going to take in the other room with you.
You know what, you're right.
But it was already in the garbage.
And so were a couple others that I'm sure you don't want either.
Really?
Yeah.
Yeah, trust me.
From chronic?
From beyond chronic.
People we don't want to say their name.
Really?
Really.
Oh, come on.
You got it.
No, no, you peaked my curiosity.
Well, somebody pretending to be Steve Kane has already faxed twice.
I see.
And then of course, someone we were talking about this morning.
Who already faxed yesterday and decided that that wasn't good enough.
Oh, I see.
Someone very excited.
He's saying really crazy.
Crazy person.
Really crazy person.
He's a crazy person.
He's a scary crazy person.
See, one thing about us on the show is that, you know, we go through whatever we have to do
because most of the 11 of us are saying China.
They have to make a living.
But there's nobody out there fooling anybody.
I mean, just like the guy we had sent that phony fax yesterday about Howard and everybody,
he knows is, you know, and let me say this.
Howard's, he is narrow casting now.
Okay, with all due respect, it was 150 million year whatever he's making
and he's lost it against CBS, which I'm very much on his side on that.
But, what, what, we don't worry about those things, okay?
If you want to listen to, if you want to listen to Martha Stewart, have a great life.
If you're all whipped up about Al Franken and Captain Leipord, I don't care.
I get paid regardless, okay?
After 30 years, I got nothing left approved to anybody in this town.
Believe you me.
And by the way, Norma Kent, what a job.
He is a PR machine.
Talk about a good machine, man.
She is the PR machine because the PR was nothing.
What is that?
He's a good guy.
You know, not even a press release.
30 years, I mean, almost unprecedented.
Only one other broadcaster is in, yeah, and nothing.
So instead of sending me stupid articles that I've already emails about articles
that I've already gotten on our website about, which I read about,
Jay Rockefeller and Kate Bailey Hutchison.
Instead of that, Norma, maybe I'd have spent a little bit more time doing a little PR work,
promoting your one big town there.
Jesus, God Almighty, what a silly queen.
You're fairing.
Okay, now I think we might take a couple of calls because the facts have just stopped.
No, no, they haven't.
No, they stopped coming in because you were busy doing a one, two, and a three.
Well, the whole new batch on its way.
Oh, no. And the facts is too.
I'll be damned.
56670560,
pound 560 in the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
What is this other thing?
Oh, this is from yesterday.
I don't understand what this story was about.
The mourners hope death sends a message.
What was that?
Remember that?
With the handwriting in the margin?
Yeah, I don't think so.
Whatever that was.
WDQAM, hello.
Happy anniversary, Neil.
Oh, all right.
Now we're talking.
The name of the show was Ian Fomar.
No.
Yeah.
That was the informer?
Yeah, it was Ian Fomar from 6 to 10 before Greg Worthing.
And the DJ that you sounded like was a guy by the name of Lee Showard.
Yeah, Lee Showard was his Miami.
It was my heart beat.
The voice I heard on Miami, I wasn't even working yet.
I was like the only doing weekends in Iodine.
It was Mike Lance.
Yeah.
His full brother to Walter Lance of Woodie Woodpecker Frame.
Yeah, relation.
Well, I waited to talk to you because I have to take my guide dog to the vet.
But I want to wish you a happy anniversary.
What kind of dog do you got?
I'd say, um, make sure of a going retriever laboratory.
Oh, that's great.
Oh, David.
Okay, well, take a cue here, your dog, Mike.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
I want to play some jingles.
Yeah, some jingles.
Well, he's going to the vet with his dog, you know?
I'll wait until he gets back and then we'll play some jingles.
Or maybe we'll play jingles tomorrow.
All day.
I got that thing Boca Branson with us, WMCA jingles for all those New Yorkers out there.
WMQYM, hello.
WMQYM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Tom Jic is me at point when he fills in for Eddie K.
That he works for free.
He doesn't take any money from the station.
Well, I'm really proud of him.
And I think I've got a little bit of a year's.
I remember when my grandmother used to listen on, uh, and then she's essentially hated you.
But I've been here for the whole time, so congratulations.
Thanks, pal.
It's time to still a jackass.
It works for free.
So big deal.
And who would I want to pay him anyway to belt on a year?
I mean, it's just so bushly, you know, it's so petty and so small, you know?
Because of the fact that I, you know, rip him on the air.
Yeah, you're, you're a child, Tommy.
You're like a little child.
Spore a little or a petulant child.
That's okay.
That day will come, man.
We all have to meet our maker.
Remember that one guy in the voicemail?
We all have to face the Lord our makers someday, Marvin Maker.
By the way, thanks to Mickey McNickel and Wally Hennessey and Kim Wallis too.
And Dominic Pavia.
Let's see.
Heck of a job, Neely.
Oh, this must be from the White House.
30 years of wow.
Congratulations.
Thanks for riding the best of all radio shows from Cheryl and Tony.
Big fans from Phelpsmere or is that Vasemere?
What is Phelpsmere?
I don't know.
Wow.
All right.
See, just like yesterday, a lot of these are coming from out of the South Florida area,
which makes sense to me.
There's a people out of the South Florida area tend to be a lot more rock-hearing in their way.
Yeah, I mean, I understand.
Folks, you got a lot of issues to deal with.
You're stuck there.
All I can say is better you than me.
David and Miami says Bravo.
Congratulations on your anniversary.
I've been listening since before you came out on KOT.
Came out as...
Yay.
You've always been a voice for Truth Justice and the American way.
Just like Bill Curtis says, they're on an awful show.
And actually, it's a good show.
A American Justice.
He's just...
He's so far over the top, man.
He's camp.
Bill Curtis, you like him, though.
I do?
Yeah.
Bill Curtis.
I said that was the before.
You got all testies about it.
You got all of them out of shape.
If that's who I think it is.
It's the guy that narrates all those shows on A&E.
Oh, he's all right.
A American Justice.
He's so melodramatic, man.
I stand to applaud you, says David.
I can't believe it's been only 30 years.
I thought you were on KOT in 71 and 72.
Now, 76 March 1st.
Because that's when I owned a sub-shop and sent you
a chicken salad supreme for coming out.
No, that was in 70, 60, 17, 76.
Please straighten me out if I be wrong.
I've only called you once all this time on Listen Every Day.
Excellent job, David.
Only called once in all these years to which we say...
Oh, right.
We salute you.
We stand and give you the big salute by the Italian salute.
Oh, my God.
Look at this.
We're going to...
Told you.
Well, I reached back to pull one fast off the thing there.
And there were like a whole bunch of them cut on the floor.
Man, I realize we had piles.
Okay, let's do the break.
See, I like the faces because to me they're like, I don't know.
Colors are...
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
I mean, I'm not saying...
Rams with wit as in half wit or a spit.
From it it's after 11 and 560 WQM.
Finally, a TV experience like no other believe me.
Comcast digital cable with on-demand is easy to use as lots to love.
And today you can try for only $34.99 a month for three months.
Why is TV so much better with on-demand for starters?
You can watch a wide variety of movies and shows whenever the hell you want.
It's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV.
On-demand is a library of thousands of programs ready to start when you say so.
With programming including free movies, kids shows, music videos, cooking shows, sports,
home improvement shows, guitar lessons and so much more, you'll always have something good
to watch right when you want to watch it.
And don't forget about control.
With on-demand you can start, stop, pause, rewind and fast forward programs using that remote.
You sure can't get all these things with satellite.
With up to 250 channels plus on-demand you can build your own TV schedule
who could possibly act for more.
And best of all on-demand is free when you have Comcast digital cable.
So pick your show time, sit back and you wonder how you ever manage without it.
Call today in order Comcast digital cable and HBO with the Power of On-demand for just
34.99 a month for three months.
Call them today, 305 Comcast and Bade or in Broward, 954 Comcast.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69 AF.
I don't do my job as well when I'm constipated.
The American G'scast will remind you that everything tastes better with G's.
I hate broccoli, except when my mom melts cheddar cheese on top, then I even ask for seconds.
Yes, there's nothing like cheese.
It makes things taste terrific.
I'm a sideshow geek in a circus and I eat ground glass for a living.
My secret?
I top the shards with grated parmesan.
It tastes great and the cheese helps to absorb the blood.
That's right, nothing tops things off like a big sweaty glob of cheese.
My husband likes me to, you know, do him, but I hate the taste.
So I just wrap it in an individual slice of American cheese.
It goes down easy.
That makes it easier to go down.
G's makes everything taste better.
So remember, don't forget your cheese.
1117 at QIM.
Notice we're reaching back into the anals, the archives and the flimsy.
I love the little movie stuff.
It's stuff.
Phil says Neil wishing you a happy 30th anniversary.
Big fan, thanks for the great video years and a little rose on his facts on the back.
From a smell of thank you Phil.
Don't forget, no one to chew today.
We got an honor for this very, very special day.
Doesn't it feel special?
Oh, yeah, I'm feeling something special.
Aren't you guys getting like a whole bunch of food brought in?
It's on the Baker.
Yeah, it's coming today.
Now, George is sticking with salads because he's got a bum.
He's stomach is on the bum.
Yeah.
That's not my style.
I'm doing the Veal Scallopini.
All right.
And George is having a salad.
A grilled chicken Caesar.
Oh, well, she was me.
That's more than just a salad.
That's a substantial salad.
From John the Baker, he's great.
Nice job, by the way, Duff the Duff Meister went out there and found that guy.
Who I was there years ago in North Miami.
You see it?
So you lose somebody all that news track them in all these years.
I just like little Joey calling me yesterday.
But don't Joey can call it on a show, but you won't talk to me.
You hit work.
You hit work.
Oh, man.
Maybe he'll call in today.
Wouldn't that be a real treat?
What do you mean maybe he'll call in and say,
John and Mike, whoa, we're something really provocative like that.
We got the FQM Vans tour of them today.
Boy, they're really pulling out the big guns today, aren't they?
Just like you're a dead-eyed dick, your vice president.
Van number one, Noonditu, southeast corner of Pines and University in the Hooters parking lot.
And Van number two, number Dose, Noonditu, at the southwest corner of 27th Ave in US1 in Miami.
At the Shell Gant station.
And we got the best in ELCVs.
The Bout 30 man is the name of it and it's got a nice covered area.
Just whatever I'm doing there, the bridge center's grave.
I bet you he's dead.
Yeah, the whole area is like a port of them.
Sweet.
Yeah.
CDs and commemorative t-shirts, 20 bucks a piece benefit of Antipascale before Lauderdale.
So, and then we'll be getting calls it says they'll be calling in Josh with $1 a month after every spot break.
Oh, yeah, I bet they will.
I can't wait.
I can see why you're a little bit skeptical.
After every spot break, ride.
Let's sneak into call her too, okay, because it's been really so good.
WQYM, hello.
Hi, I'm Gugliel. Happy, I'm Hartley.
Hi, Hartley.
Thank you.
I am so, so, so happy to talk to you.
I go way, way, way back with you, my, no, my, my middle school days, junior high, and all of us junior high.
Wow.
I was on a talk show with you on KAT.
You had some kind of panel of young kids talking about, I must have been sex education for Lauderdale to say that.
Yeah.
Because I remember I was on with Lynn Light.
Oh my God, I sure do, yeah.
So, I was, what a bunch of silly shows those were weren't they weird.
The average age of our audience was death plus ten, and naive old Neil, I'm thinking to myself, well let's, you know, young up the audience a little bit,
get some young people on here and spice it up a little bit.
Well, what an idiot I was.
Well, I just remember I was very in awe, and I don't know if I'm right, I remember the studio was like very dark, and it like dark curtains or something.
Is that right?
Yeah, right.
It was KAT, alright, we were all in the dark, leave me.
Well, I just love you to pieces, and I'm so, so happy that you've been here this long, because I've been with you the whole way.
And, um, have a great 30 more.
Thanks a lot, sweetheart, good hearing from you.
Love you.
Bye-bye.
How do you like that?
Let's see, she sounds like she's in good health and she's having, I'll get all these faxes lately, Fern Friedman dies, speaking to KAT, and, oh, all this other stuff.
And then it's fax about my friend, Sean, has got his colon ripped out, whatever.
All these nasty faxes I'm getting.
People dying.
Then we found out the van's Stewart.
Oh, we're fine.
Wasn't fine after all.
Yeah.
Well, you're reaching.
I'm reaching, man, I'm reaching.
Here's one from Rocco, who says happy anniversary and happy hour today is that's right.
Everybody rub your asses, okay?
It's Ash Wednesday.
Put a little of coal on your ass.
Can't hurt, I already did that.
I've listened to you since I was a young punk working at the pizza joint, and now listening to you in an orifice.
Through her cane, selection fee, ass goes in.
And then you're going to be a pizza man and I'm loving you.
Been a professional, funny, and smart.
I'm a diehard serious guy, but I never miss your show.
Oh, thank God, Rocco.
Thank God, you see this.
This counterbalance is that Jack Asherb from Coral Springs yesterday.
That was a phony fax anyway, I think.
Thanks for getting us through the good times, the bad times, and hot.
Shmitty summer.
Oh.
It's in South Florida.
Well, it was not the best penmanship in them when I had it, you know, I had it.
Thanks a lot, Rocco.
You're okay, our book.
It was Hot Shmitty Days, man.
They are killers.
Here's one from Johnny, who did some nice artwork on this fax.
It says, thank you for about 30, man.
I'm definitely sure one thing I couldn't do without you.
Don't you dare think of ever leaving.
Okay.
Even when I can't listen, I was, see, I'm going to stick around as long as I can
just to piss off the people that hate me like poison, like the ones voting on.
Promponderous enough already.
How many have we got, though?
48.
Those people, if I ever, if I ever went off the air, they would have, uh...
I have no right.
No life.
Even when I can't listen, I listen to you on the archives.
I stop watching television, you're going to come on you for the real deal.
Thanks for the great spots for Johnny G's gourmet pizza.
Oh, yeah, this is that Johnny.
That was good stuff, remember that?
Back in the day in the late 80s, as well as all the wonderful fart sounds nice and now silent, but still deadly.
I'm still searching for a cure for my Neoronger's disease with no success.
Thank God, Neorogad, happy 13, happy, poor, I'm loving it with a big smooch.
Thanks, Johnny.
Those were the days, man.
And that Johnny G's, that was good stuff.
So I'm really arse partsy bizarre stuff.
It was great.
Big Mike and St. Pete, big Mike.
I wonder if that's like the white Mike, remember I told you about that?
No.
I was like, yes, I did about the advertising thing.
The Mike Mike was putting with the air.
Oh, that's no air.
And it was fixed, so you can only hear the one station on it.
White Mike, that's where it goes back.
That goes back a lot.
Back when radio was like a different kind of businessman.
It was a whole different world.
Now it's just business.
It's just crap.
To take it all to personalities out of it, they diluted it.
Thank God for Rick Shaw.
Nice going, Ricky.
45 freaking years and he still got the same crappy smell he had on.
Nice going, Rick.
I guess he and I, I mean Craig Worthing, I think, is still on somewhere.
He's been on the Neoronger and I have.
But he's on a station that nobody knows what it is.
I don't know what the deal is.
And no, I don't want to get a facts from anybody.
Please call Craig.
Please call him.
He's desperate.
Neorogad needs your help.
Yeah, I love Craig.
He's a good friend and everything else.
But the people I associate with him, the people who clung on to him over the years, I have
always just to tell him those people will destroy you Craig.
They'll drag you down.
They'll ruin it.
And they did.
That was right.
But you know what the deal is?
The story of my life.
Nobody ever listens to me.
Right.
Like everybody Jeff Collins.
The story of your life.
Yeah, nobody will listen to me.
People think because I'm on here, oh well.
You know, when Neorogad speaks, everybody like, you know, sits up and pays attention to you.
That's right.
Sure they do.
Nobody will pay any attention to what I tell them.
Big Mike and St. Pete's is I first heard you on WSU and the first day you came on to call
the program director, WFLA OP.
Then you played the WFLA sucks card.
I was hooked.
Well, WFLA did suck.
I was not surprised the Tampa Bay audience didn't get it.
I was sorry you left, but I found you the leaders later on the Internet.
Keep up the good work.
Congratulations on.
Thank you, big Mike.
Thank you, big Mike.
I'll listen on the Internet right now.
Thanks to Al Gore, by the way, for inviting the Internet so we could have this vast audience out there.
I'm sure you're listening.
That's right.
When you think?
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Oh, absolutely.
WQIM, hello.
QIM.
Hello, Neorogad.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
I just want to congratulate you on your anniversary, 30 years.
Thank you.
And I want to know this my first time calling.
Great.
Yes, but I've been a listener of yours for about 15 years.
And is it much more enjoyable just sitting back and listening?
Calling is too much stress.
Is this work, Sean?
No, it's not about our shine bomb.
Get out of here.
Who is my shine, Ben?
Exactly.
I'm still happy to explain to you.
Because, actually, I guess I've been sort of afraid of calling, but I've been in a great mood all day.
And things are looking up and I'm just very excited.
The only thing I feel a little sad is that you're only going to have a couple more years.
Oh, I'm going to resign for like 10 more years.
Great.
Yeah, I'm going to start doing my show.
When I get to be 70, I'm going to do it from a wheelchair.
It's going to be with my oxygen in my side.
Well, I'm turning 61.
It's going to be called taking deep breath along with Neil.
What's that?
Tomorrow's my birthday.
I'm turning 61.
Well, you're just a spring chicken compared to me.
Well, let me just give you a little, um, have a happy, Pally.
Thanks so much.
Okay, don't call again.
See, okay.
That was good.
See, he knows that he's not a car and you could tell by just a whole ambiance of the thing.
He's just not a car at the time.
And that's a compliment, by the way, to see you're not a car.
Although we have had some nice people today.
What's that all about?
Happy anniversary, 30 years in the business.
Thanks for all of it.
No, not 30 years in the business, 30 years in South Florida.
I just go crazy when I say that.
And so, as though I just came on and started,
you're just like somebody starting and being as a program director in Miami.
You know what I mean?
I don't want to take a shot of clearance unless I have to.
But you just, this doesn't work that way.
I mean, we're talking about WBTA and the TAV in New York, maybe preceded by WCGR and Canada Day in New York with 250 watts.
And all the amount of money I could play.
Can I turn it?
Well, you don't have time.
I have to break.
I want to tell you, because did you ever when you worked at a radio station playing music, track the album through?
You probably never did that.
Yeah, no, well, we had some Sunday morning programming that was album-oriented schmaltz.
Yeah, Perry Cowell.
Yeah, that's what we were thinking.
We were thinking of the Eonian things.
And you just let it track through.
Yeah, something like on Christmas, then.
Yeah, right.
You really do others things.
Yes, you could.
Like, uh, find a better place to live.
Thank you, yeah.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.8.
If you may, I'm going to say the Neil Rogers show.
That's where the favorite home ball is starting right now on Wonderful Devon E.C.
Here.
We're going to talk about this.
Alan Vox was a normal man with a wife, children, a summer home in Opalaka, and a chain of radio stations.
Well, normal that is until just three weeks ago.
Hi, honey.
How was your day?
Un...
Relivable.
Terminal.
There's nothing but subhuman...
I doubt that.
Alan Vox is suffering from Neil Rogers disease.
Have you canceled the Miami Herald yet?
But honey, we don't have swat to the Herald.
Oh, no, that's a cop out.
What kind of a lame excuse is that?
Just say no to L-Herald, sir.
Huh?
People afflicted with Neil Rogers disease have lost the ability to communicate like normal human beings.
What's the matter with you?
Blue-haired old bags from Pembroke Pines.
You know, the Yenthes was like, oh, Neil, how can you say those nasty things?
Running around, stealing, sweet and low.
Hi, yes, you're anything.
How about those bad boys at Windixing?
You know, it doesn't hurt to look.
Incredible.
Neil Rogers disease, a growing South Florida epidemic, please help us find a cure.
Honey, it's Friday night.
You know what that means?
Hey, you know what I got?
A-N-I!
What's we followed?
Got three points up ahead?
Send your tax deductible contributions today in Carav-105.
Terminal.
Un-dailyable.
1132.
I never dreamed I'd ever see the day that it would have to like out the first half of that
bag's word.
It's just shocking.
Yeah, it's unacceptable.
It's like, happy anniversary and yeah, it's something to do.
And happy anniversary and you can't say anything.
Right.
Like I said, we got a new leader.
He's a good guy.
He's Rulipoli.
He's Joby-O.
He's likes everybody.
But he unfortunately works for the beesleys, so.
Right.
We're all under that umbrella.
We're all under that evil spell of the bit of Joyce.
And of course, now I think we got an impreclarence.
Joyce Jr.
That's his new role now.
He's playing Joyce Jr.
He's going to be the book boss.
He's going to tell us what we can play and what we can say and what we can do.
Hey, a clearance stuff it.
Okay.
Stuff it.
You jackass.
See you next time, by the way, clearance.
Let's see.
These are just poor and in-ear.
Hector says that discovered you 14 years ago while surfing the A-M dial.
As I scan by W-I-D, I heard what turned out to be jacking the box for the very first time.
Well, I have to play that.
That's one of the 10-weeks still play.
I just sat in my car laughing and wiping the tears from my eyes and I was hooked.
Well, I'll tell you, Hector, if that wasn't going to let me wipe the tears from your eyes, my God, you're easy.
We only had 10-week-y like Hector, right?
Since then, there have been many similar occasions, but what kept me tuned in religiously is your ability to look past the hyphen spin.
So prevalent in our culture whether it be palentex sports, movies, music, etc.
Of course, I don't always agree with you.
Well, why not, Hector?
But that's okay because like you, I'm a thinking rational person.
And remember, it's just a radio show.
It's just a freaking radio show for Christ's sake, clearance.
You jackass.
The only represent one of the people whose work I hold dear to me.
You've inspired me in the light in my days and wishing the best of everything enough of the sucking.
You're thankful, Hector.
Thank you, Hector.
Hector Lopez used to play third-based anti-offield for the Yankees and occasionally catch.
He caught it.
Anyway, getting back to Suzanne.
Thanks for all the laughs I listen to every day in my desk with my headphones on and laugh out loud.
So everybody hears me.
You're a Jewish Mexican friend, Suzanne.
Thank you, Suzanne.
And by the way, happy assmaco taco.
I wonder if they eat like taco, a humontized non-poram.
They made out of matza.
Wouldn't that be wonderful?
It would be a real Mahaya.
Let's see.
Oh, look at this.
I free-greeting card from Neil from Shirey, your number one fan.
Congratulations on the past 30 years.
And here's the 30-moray middle-aged Jewish professional female fan has been listening since the Zeta days.
Shirey, your number one fan.
And she sends me a Vermont teddy bear greeting card.
Can you believe that?
I believe that.
Well, thank you, Shirey.
I mean, there's actually somebody made like an extra effort.
That's something.
See, I told you we had a lot of women out there listening and you won't believe me.
Never do.
Let me see.
Women are more likely, as you know, men, it's just not a male thing to send the facts to the reading cards.
It's just that's kind of a, yeah.
Yeah.
So women are more likely to be doing stuff like that.
That's why we get so little male, you know.
And by the way, we're happy about that.
Yeah.
Well, looking at how long this one is, wow, Fred Seas says, well, Neil, since everybody else is doing the Nearogistory, I'll give mine.
Also, anyway, when I let the records track through, I used to go up front and sit in the front window of the radio station to overlook like the street corner.
There was a soda shop across the street.
And all the real hot teenage kids used to like hang out outside in the summertime.
And I just sit there and watch them, you know.
Oh, for me.
Yeah.
I was hoping it was all for me, but it wasn't.
I'm from Naples.
Thanks for the condolences and caught you by accident.
Well, that's how most of our people find us because we don't get no promotion.
I'll tell you that.
How do you like that big billboard that's sitting right there somewhere in town promoting my 30th anniversary?
And that's so meaningful.
That's a beauty.
Nobody has seen it yet, but I sold wine and liquor at the time.
I was always on the road.
I used to listen to 790 that had a booming signal over here for Howard Coastel speaking of sports at the time.
Oh, I was sure we had that.
Oh, I don't think I got it.
That ABC a founder.
Nah, I like how that's somewhere like that.
You know, that Howard Coastel, you said speaking of sports, Howard Coastel.
Anyway, I think it was 86 or 87 after Coastel show.
South Florida's most listened to talk show.
That's what they said at the time.
Must have been before your book came out.
Came on, which was the silly Alice Rantel.
I started listening to her a little bit on Thursdays.
That is why that's important.
Sorry.
I started listening to Alice a little on Thursdays.
She didn't hour so with Steve Kane.
Oh, that's after I was housed at INZ then.
They started talking about you without really saying your name and I wasn't getting it too well.
Anyway, I found you eventually on the dial at 940 WNWS.
No WNZ with the burden.
You were just starting your hell and they'll beat stick.
Oh, I got to play that stuff.
In fact, you got a pretty long article in the local paper because of that.
Oh, yeah, the middle of the paper they used to write about me back then.
Not anymore in the Sun Sentinel.
No.
First time Jake has too busy writing about some TV show that's going to be on for like six weeks and then get canceled
and about his, you know, his take on the TV shows.
And you think that I'm out of touch Tom?
Give me a break, sweetheart.
I think Tom just has taken a personal now.
You know, he may deny it but he's taken it personal just because he's...
He's fine! Don't say it now.
Not my fault.
Anyway, I've been listening over here since except the short period you were on the FM couldn't pick it up over here.
Oh, too bad you can hear the Z. Those are the good shows.
I'm sorry.
I'm like the majority of your audience you know I've never called.
Good, excellent Fred.
I faxed off and almost recently I told you and George had to find Dick Cheney's girlfriend.
Looks like a man on that website a couple of weeks ago.
I'm afraid it's a good factor.
Mm-hmm.
I faxed many articles in the past.
The one you and George got the biggest kick out of was the article from the New York Times talking about how Italian Americans say words like
for shoots, capacol, menaclet, etc.
Once you gave me a shot on the radio for telling you how to pronounce
key in Italian, CHI.
I thought it was something but I didn't mind the shot.
CHI.
Well, what did I know?
It made me feel like part of the show and finally needed to give some perspective.
I'm also the self-proclaimed official.
Neil Rogers pulls through, sends you the weekly spreadsheet predicting the President's vote during the last two-stole elections.
Oh yeah!
I think we won both of those elections especially 2000 when Grobeat Bush by at least 100,000 votes in Florida but they fixed them both as I well know yes.
Anyway Neil, thank you a thousand thank yous especially thank you for being on the internet otherwise I couldn't hear you on the West Coast inside off as buildings were work.
That was Neil Godson, thanks George Scott.
Thank you Fred, he's looking on the internet thanks to Al Gore who is our President.
Here's one, just think all the people would still be alive today if they wouldn't have stolen that election in 2000.
Just got to be able to put it in that perspective.
All of them.
Yeah, think of the thousands of Americans and Brits and the Longies and all the money.
And think of all the Porriott Rackies who are dying like flies over there.
Yeah, with the Pacific attack.
In the University of California Irvine they had a big to do there they had some kind of a debate about the cartoons, the Muhammad cartoons and some of the Ashmathaids out there.
The Arab streets can really foaming at them out the Arab street.
Oh man!
Let's rename some of the streets okay, Muhammad Street.
Try to calm down that very angry Arab street.
See, just maybe if those countries over there like Saudi Arabia and the UAE and some of the others wouldn't and Egypt wouldn't have financed and Pakistan and help all these terrorists blow up on those buildings and kill all these people,
maybe you might be in a little more benevolent, maybe your attitude might change a little bit.
I told George before to show Lou Dobbs last night James Zagbi who is the brother of John Zagbi the poster, who won the Arab League headhands show there.
He was on their whining about all the Arabs are the last group he can criticize in the US and make fun of them.
We're taking a big hit on this and Lou Dobbs if I was going to have a stroke on here.
I don't know what happened to him man.
Somebody struck the bullpen right in the middle of this ass and all of a sudden it got religion Lou Dobbs. He's my new hero.
I try to forget all the other stupid crappies been doing and all the garbage about the illegal aliens that he's obsessed with.
He, he, he, he demand on this port steel, but like I told you before it goes through tomorrow, you know, very quietly and the 45 day dog and pony show is just to try to calm down a political storm that's going on.
But after tomorrow it's a done deal anyway.
So the Arabs are going to be taking care of security at the ports and then it will be the airports and so on.
But the president just found out about it, but if you dare to block it he's going to veto it.
Right man talk about a bunch of crooks just conniving and the even.
And he went to India to try to escape all over the heat over here and they said Cox a hoist baby right.
Yeah. In fact in India now they're not I don't think there are too many Jews in India, but their favorite story from the old test.
Now their favorite stories that went about the burning bush.
19 till noon. I think, yeah, I think I better do that.
Hey, beach Ford is gone.
On my 30th anniversary, I dumped myself.
Oh, what I was that was a little congratulations.
Yeah, I was a little.
Yeah, it burns. Yeah.
Hey, I'll tell you, beach Ford is gone, man.
It's March madness all this month at beach for they just missed having the record month last month.
So they're going to do even better now. They're going to break that record this month right now.
The box that can't afford 150s or was lowest 249 bucks a month with 995 bucks down plus fees with a pro credit and 39 month lease.
March madness at beach for it means you must be mad if you don't take advantage of rebates and discounts up to $10,000 on all new and used vehicles.
If you're not on the market for new carbon, no somebody who is sent them to beach for it because if they take delivery and March Beach for it will send you 200 bucks just for sending them in.
And when it comes from beach for advertising budget, so an absolute will not affect your friends price.
They'll miss out on this once a year event Beach for it's March madness at starting right now extended camp for 150s as low as just 249 bucks a month.
This counts and rebates up to 10 grand and 200 bucks and cashes for referring a friend to come in.
So you hurry and Beach for it is located just two miles east of the golden blades on one 63rd Street West, Dixie Highway.
Be sure and tell Paul that ancient Neil sent you by I guarantee you you'll love your Beach for it experience.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62.8.
Thanks on the Islamic cartoon network it's Elmer Fuddumentalish.
Be very, very quiet. I'm issuing a Foddua per.
There are two Miami cars with a hot two beams. There are the streets fighting crime.
They pop at the handicap base there.
In Allen Bay old vise. We got a problem. The grey game is a cruel race.
We'll send it in that the group of senior citizens to win around trying to get the early bird special after seven.
Let's go get them.
Stop it. No, you'll clean up this tree.
Hey, lady, you can't cross here. You'll have to cross in the light.
They're determined. We clean up this much in business.
All right. Just get her. You're under arrest.
Oh, so now you're not resting my wife. What's the charge?
Section of powder. Open that first tub. Let's see that white stuff.
Yeah, just a thought. She's got over her under bag in here.
For what? Wheat low. That restaurant. Just came out of the thing.
I'm in.
Yeah, there kept it in by a cup.
Hot movie in the L. D. Vise.
Remebering this ball on M. B. Z.
With all the apologies, Delmer, but I don't think we can play with spark war sounds.
Can we? I don't think so. Let's say here's one that says, well, Niel,
will I say the same, but happy together here. What is that? Well, Niel, I will not say the same.
But happy gathering or happy any day.
What? My name is Chris Cardona from Puerto Rico.
The first time I heard your show was in 91 when I was in Palm Beach.
And you and your things made me last so hard. I'll never forget your show.
And my thing makes a lot of people laugh. Very funny looking thing.
As soon as I got my hands in a net in college, when I went out of the research room,
if your show was online, I was happy to see it was.
As soon as I bought a computer, I was listening on the net and had problems in the audio quality.
It was not as good as it is now, which is great.
Are you following this? I think.
Oh, you're Puerto Rican, so just give him some wine.
I don't think I can take it on a weekend.
You're the one.
You're going to be issuing a fart wall pretty soon.
I already did.
Now I work for a prison. Some of you are back at a Cuban for Miami.
And I asked about your show. And he said, when he comes out in a prison in Miami,
in Miami stops. It's all happiness in the bleak place.
So I guess the Cuban guy didn't speak English too well either.
So give us a loop here. Confide audiences and the people taking care of them.
All right. To all our people, all our jailbirds, Jazz McKay left out.
So I had to pick up where Jay has left off.
See ya!
I'm in Puerto Rico, not bad writing for a Julio Sincere,
Cristobal Cardone in Puerto Rico.
In Rio Grande, they were only the U.S. Rainforest.
Please read it. I did read it. There you go, Cristobal.
I wonder if he was in San Cristobal.
I was in Citing Light. Well, that show is getting so bad.
Oh my God. Where the hell is what's your name?
Oh, everybody left. Even Ross was the only one left to show is getting that bad.
After 100 years on that show.
God. But that's the way it goes.
Vince says, thanks and congratulations for on four slash on 30 years of entertainment enlightenment.
Hope you have another 30 plus to do whatever you want. Please add in lightning.
Oh, and lightning would be good if they pull us out of that honor.
I thought an informative would be a lightning, but that's okay.
End of lightning.
It's head in lightning. I won't get any votes, but put it on there.
Thank you, Vince. What have we got so far? We got a lot of votes.
We got 12, 70, something. 12, 79.
What best describes Neil's 30 years on the year in Miami?
Unbelievable. 122.
Unbelievable.
Well, I bet you that kind of code in yesterday's rubbin is a hind legs together.
So excited about the fact that it was an oversight on our part.
Obviously, right? Right.
Unbelievable.
Because it doesn't really mean anything entertaining.
32. The pulses of four to 79. The pulse.
Can you feel it? How can you feel it?
No, no, no.
A real midst of a 76, fun, 70, informative, 57.
I'm sure in lightning we'll go zooming up there. A miracle, 54.
Ponderous enough already, 48. Provocative 44.
Stale, 19. Stale.
Lucky, seven and aggravating three.
That's good. I'm glad we're aggravating one more person now.
Let's see. Ponderous, 3.7 and stale, 1.5.
So 5.1%.
My grill is during the course of the show by 2 o'clock to get the Ponderous and stale under 5%.
Okay.
Well, I mean, it doesn't really make it.
It's just, it's like when we do the thing about how many votes we get in the Poldering
the show. It's an exercise. It doesn't make a bit of difference.
It's like an extra penny in anybody's pocket.
But it's just for something to do. It's like a little exercise.
Something for the board, some photo people were sitting there like,
why is staring at the wall, watching the paint dry.
Oh, God. Watching those little lizards crawl up and down in the patio.
And a lot of people like that. That's their, that's their fun.
That's their occupation.
I'm so happy.
Especially with the lizard of that neck thing, you know?
Oh, yeah. Those are my favorites.
And we're also watching the wasps and the, what are the other, the hornets fly around.
See the screening like most everybody else is patio.
The screening got blown off during Wilma.
And so while I was home those three nasty days, I go out there to get some sun.
I'm laying on the shades lounge right.
And all of a sudden within like 30 seconds, here comes a wasp.
Yeah, believe me. It wasn't my neighbor behind me. No wasp.
I could, I could really, I'm not going to do it.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, boy. I don't want to start.
Well, I really do want to start, but I better not.
70 Q.A.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
12 years, loyal.
My girlfriend, my girlfriend, Nancy, turned me on to you.
And from her.
Maybe.
She's like, yeah, she ought to turn you in a way of pumpkins what she ought to do.
WDQ.Y.M. Hello.
I'm a woman and I listen every, listen every day and I just want to say happy anniversary.
That's it. Bye.
Thanks, sweetheart.
Well.
Oh, man.
I thought she was a little bit nervous around me, but that was, that was, or maybe her window of opportunity was closed.
Well, that, whatever.
Maybe that's right. Maybe she don't want to get caught in the orifice there.
Listening and calling me on this show.
Maybe she don't want to get her fired, you know, whatever.
Thanks, sweetheart.
That was nice. That was special.
That was great.
Oh, God.
70 Q.A.M. Hello.
Happy 30th and Neil.
Thank you, sir.
Is your discrepancy on the internet?
The best stuff on your site?
Yeah, sure. It's on her right now.
All right. Perfect.
Hey, including.
I'm hung like Florida.
Bye.
Yeah.
He's hung like Gary Gilmore.
Let's see.
Chicken connected something special for today.
So if the disc is there, you might want to go, oh, I can do that.
I'm going to put my clothes on.
Oh, no.
Yeah, probably be a pretty good idea.
I don't want to go in my way.
Oh, come on.
It's Canada, right?
Don't they run around in boxes all the time?
I mean, there were some videos down here.
No, the sun is shining.
You know, yesterday, I don't know what the temperature was like in the mid-20s, 25.
It was sunny, but I go over to my A.
It was, it was windy.
It was pretty damn cold in the afternoon.
I go over to my convenience store to get my sodas.
I wasn't buying a ice cream.
Very unusual.
And there's a guy I see come out of a building and a business kind of guy, you know, like with a dress shirt on.
He's got no coat, no sweater right here.
Right.
And it was like 20 degrees out.
I don't know.
He may have been going a half a block or a block or whatever, but I thought that to myself.
Are you crazy or what, eh?
Okay, I may go down there.
I'll get it.
In fact, how do we do that?
I think what I'll do is I'll play that wasting way in Hellendale.
Okay.
It's appropriate.
Yeah.
If I maybe I'll play it now.
Do it.
Or we can go to the break right afterwards.
Right.
But let's see.
How long?
That thing, oh, it's four minutes.
Perfect.
It is just absolutely perfect.
Then I'll put the queue at the end.
The queue is in Q-A-L.
What's the queue stage?
It's the previous one.
Now I gotta go get dressed and go get the disk.
And if I don't come back, I went to Woodbuy.
I changed the store.
Oh, right.
We got some color being in the frame.
I'm finding a good machine that would buy it.
The other one is the cheese cake.
It's making a niche.
Call only your folks after the mall.
The check in the seats.
No, they never say please.
Just wait for the early bus special to come.
Wasting, waiting, you good or happy?
Searching for the positive they left in a glass.
And how near they claim that there's a time
most to play, but they know.
It's their own their fun.
They're selling in love to get the early production.
The person just as hard as they can.
And once they are seated, they get over sheathed.
A stockstuff in the rose and sweet and low in their beds.
Wasting away again and good or happy?
Looking for that long lost father of you.
And how many they say it is of all of truth.
It's a day but for some.
And I'm on the blues.
The old folks don't know the reason.
But nothing is reason.
The muscles aches my teeth just don't fit.
But what does it matter?
When they call up me and shout out.
I hate to hear and never listen to your sound.
But wasting away again and good or happy?
Just to find the medal means you have to wait.
And how they're claiming that it's of all of truth to play.
But new news.
They can't wait for his show.
And how they're claiming that it's of all of truth to play.
But new news.
They just can't wait for his show.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M.
About 30 years of broadcasting under the worst possible conditions any taught your personality can face.
Especially in the swabs of Florida.
Neil Rogers.
This is your life.
Neil, remember this voice.
I always knew he wanted me.
In fact, then I would look over my shoulder in the boy's locker room and he would be staring at me.
Recognize that voice, Neil.
That's the voice of the boy you had a crush on in high school.
Jim Park.
This is your life, Mr. Park.
You can park your scooter right over there.
Neil, I weigh 375 pounds now and wear blood pressure socks from all the strokes.
Still, I'd like to thank you for making me feel like I looked good for 10 minutes.
Thank you, Mr. Park.
And now, Neil, do you remember this voice?
Neil was the first boy I had in college.
He'd be flowering me and rented in power.
Neil, that's the voice of Mitzi Murmelsky, the first and only girl in your life.
Come on out here, Mitzi.
Tom, you mean to say Neil wasn't always gay?
He actually had a woman?
Oh, yes.
He was a wonderful lover.
So romantic.
Never understood with me, didn't gay.
That might have been the yeast infection.
Anything you'd like to say to Neil?
Yes.
Neil, I still have your glasses.
I kept them with me all this time.
Thank you, Mr. Mitzi Murmelsky.
And now, Neil, a small chested hooliote that's been with you for so many years.
I tried vigorously with windex, moist towelettes, even gasoline.
Nothing to remove that olive oil from those knobs.
That is the voice of George Rodden.
Hey, wait a minute.
You're not, right?
Not a bad impression, huh?
Now, see here.
I've had all I can say that has had a visory gusset.
What the hell did he have a dough?
Outside a ruin in my career.
Why, if I were to Canada right now, I'd pulverize them, see?
Why, I'd witness tasty but down to a fine mulligan stew.
Thank you for joining us.
I'm a fed-out of you, ma'am.
You're a high-end, so much a-yep.
I have to show you how to be an old-rate butter.
And I don't care that I just said something that I don't sense.
I'm going to get free over here.
I'm going to get a noise.
I'm going to get a noise.
I'm going to get a noise.
Exactly.
Anyway, you'll never guess what I also showed up.
I got the disc right there.
Inside a note from my chicken, if I wasn't for you, I'd still be mowing Rick Riley's
laugh on the phone.
I'm going to be slowing it.
You're going to be mowing it.
I got another package.
How do you like that?
I'm agreeing.
On the package from the actrax, oh, and the phone is ringing again.
Oh, it's your actrax.
What do you know?
The actrax showed up.
You're a glorified steel-belted rubber band.
Wow.
Only George, only an old, uh, gottering, uh, Julio like George would ever think of.
Because I had that one slip and fall on the ice, which even the kids were falling down.
But of course, now he assumes that I'm a gottering old man, so we send him.
Let's be.
If you're not yet, you're going to be soon, so.
Yeah.
Just put him away in the drawer and, uh, walk confidently on packs, snow and ice.
Mm-hmm.
And these are things that you see on the technical name is snow cleats, but those are
spikeless so that you can wear them on any surface without having to worry about, uh,
spikeless, spikeless, spikeless, spikeless.
You get steel-boiled.
You get steel-belted radials for your shoes now.
You just, uh, you just strap them on there.
Actually, they just slip on.
They're like rubber band.
Yeah, man.
That's probably what that old guy didn't fall down.
He probably had a pair of those.
Get out of here.
Now, he was in error.
And, uh, they just go on over here because I know you're not going to wear it.
You're going to get out of here and it's crazy.
I know you're not going to wear any kind of special shoes, so those slip on over, uh, whatever
you wear.
What do you mean by that?
Like, rubbers, like galoshes, like snow boots.
Get out of here.
Are you crazy?
Exactly.
So you just slip those on over your mall walkers.
Well, thank you so much.
I'll keep you up right.
Okay.
Don't break your hip.
Let's see.
Here's the fact that it says to me, oh God, I've been listening to you for 13 years.
And, of course, I found you by accident.
I was switching stations while working.
I heard the word A-hole and I've been stuck ever since.
When you die, please let it be on the ear.
Please play on the ear.
I'm sorry for, uh, used to be chronic facts or congrats.
Oh, Santana.
Carlos?
Yeah, Carlos Santana.
Thanks, Santana.
Hey, did we have an update on it?
Yes.
Yeah, we do.
They just got out there on 27th.
They have 40 bucks and I'm paying university that 80 already.
Woo!
And we haven't even gone to the break yet.
That's right.
So let's give a plug on these.
The QM fans are out there with our merchandise with the best in the above 30 man CD and the commemorative T-shirts.
20 bucks a piece.
All the proceeds go to a band and prep rest room before long enough.
Except the first hand grand has got to go back to the beesleys because they're too cheap to actually throw that in.
Even though it would be tax deductible, it would be a charitable donation.
But even then, they still won't do it because that's how cheap they are.
Thanks a lot to the beesleys, especially you Joyce.
The Van number one from now till two is at the southeast corner of Pines and University in the Hooters Parking Line.
Van number two, now the two is at the corner, the southwest corner of 27th Avenue, one of my mates, the Shell Gas Station.
And they're seeing you were so, you were dubious, man.
Carlos didn't know they'd gone in.
And it's not even a first break here, they were already calling in.
They were on point.
They've been whipped into shape, so to speak.
Have they really?
Well, yeah.
Let's say happy anniversary meal, now A, now go home, it says.
I am home.
I want to say I've got a picture of a shoe kick in a frog. That's a beautiful thing.
You.
Happy 30th Uncle Day, I'm 35, I'm with you since Zeta.
In fact, I used to work with you in Greasy Bob, I'm a U.M. Baseball games when I was in high school.
Oh boy, my job was to stand on the field with headphones and yours was to put up with this personality.
By the way, you're right about a rack religion and body, watch for wrong about baseball, pure and good,
Canada boring is all get out and Corvette's middle-eye crisis mobiles.
I have to break the news to you sweetheart, but I was buying Corvette's long before middle-eye.
But I still love you this the same, T-bone in Miami.
PS stopping a predictable tribesmen by defending the Democrats, long live atheism and libertarianism.
Oh geez, libertarian stuff and with I defending the Democrats, what do I say to begin with show today?
Right.
A pox on their house.
A pox, a pox on their house now.
A pox on their house.
Here's what I said is happy anniversary.
You fairy.
I've been listening since the KAT days love Jim.
Oh no, Jim, not that serious.
You never know.
Oh there's that Jim Parkpit.
Oh god.
Hi, this is Jim.
Love your show, Neil.
Love you.
Love you.
You know, Emilio says happy anniversary.
Thanks for the good times in this hell hole we live in.
Loyalist to 15 years.
And also on the bottom on the left hand corner, it says happy anniversary from your number one lady fan.
Love you, Linda.
All the lady fans are by number one group fans or lady fans.
Here's a facts from Jack.
I wonder if that's Jack with a hands.
Oh I don't know.
I don't think he can write with those hands.
Congratulations.
I've been listening since I was a kid over 20 years called once for a poll suggestion.
Sorry about that.
I didn't know what that would be that day.
You are the best.
Thanks for having a peer.
Always telling it like it is and making us laugh in the process.
Not an easy thing to do.
Always listen to you daily on the internet.
This is the lowest my humble attempt at making you laugh and only but a goodie.
Oh it's a joke.
Thanks very much.
Thank you very much.
It's a joke from Jack with a hands.
Here's one that says what a whole lot of facts is man.
You said we would even get 30 today.
Fuck 30 man.
Is that what he said, Josh?
What he said.
Him of the little face.
I wouldn't get too.
I just might keep these as like a souvenir.
Right.
You think I'm actually going to put these on my shoes?
Oh those things someday you should.
You'll have to be dead.
So that you don't fall down.
There will be other icy days.
Listen to me.
Yeah.
The icy day that I fell down.
You would have fallen down.
Josh would have fallen down.
You know he would.
Nobody in the world.
There were like a toy.
There were teenagers falling down.
There were smart answers.
And whoop there they went.
You know who wouldn't have fallen down.
I didn't really take the kind of fall you think I did.
I like the one in Amsterdam when I took that ruling fall.
There will come a day.
Trust me.
You know who didn't fall down.
People were those things.
Why would you say Dr. Bob?
No.
He's the only Dr. Bob I would have had.
Does he send him to me if he had sent him to Dr. Atkins?
He'd still be with us today.
Well I don't care about him.
Well I do.
He was my buddy.
Yeah.
What?
Are you not Dr. Bob now?
No.
Then tomorrow?
Hahaha.
Eddie says congratulations on your 30th.
Thank you for being so entertaining.
I listen to you every day in the car on the computer.
I've been listening to you ever since the Zeta days.
You're the voice of reason in this crazy place.
I believe you always had your finger.
I had my finger on it.
In and around the pulse of South Florida.
That basically sucks.
When you retire I'm out of here.
This place is only available because you make me laugh all day.
And if I'm not laughing I'm listening to something important you're talking about.
PSI have Neararaj's disease.
Every time my friends call me I answer Neal hates you.
They think I'm crazy and so do I.
Thank you so much for being Nearar.
Thank you Eddie.
Eddie Martinez is Neyman's in Z and he's still a good guy.
How do you like that?
I wonder if he's got this of the pulse of the Arab street.
You think?
I'm sure he's got his finger right there on it.
He said he's got his finger somewhere.
Happy 30th anniversary from the somebody who works for the city Mami Fire Rescue.
Unnamed obviously.
We don't know.
Actually it does have it.
No it doesn't have any.
Does it?
Is that anything?
Hey.
I don't know if that last word is that after the X's in the O.
I'm a fellow guest.
Oh thank you so much for the many years of smiles you brought to my life.
I'm a 40 something lady.
It is her name.
That's been most of her adult life.
I must be enjoying every minute of it.
You're company me on the radio.
My first day of real work and I'm with me still.
When I squeeze you in on duty and off.
She's squeezing me.
You're on my foot all of South Florida.
PSI sorry about I'm off to get my ashes now.
Oh yeah we keep forgetting man.
It's As Wednesday.
Oh everybody get a little ass there.
Oh look at that thousands of protesting bushes visits in Delhi.
And many Indians look at that announcement that maybe made tomorrow on nuclear energy.
Same.
Tell us more about that and how important that is.
Tell us more about these people are.
They're forming it from out.
Well the deal is very important.
And that's because people all over the rest of the world are on the bush including right here in Canada.
As boring as what her name thinks it is.
I don't think there's anything at all boring about it here.
But then what would I know about it?
I would like South Florida baby.
That's exciting.
Sitting out there in the patio.
Listening to the palm trees swaying back and forth in the breeze.
Wow.
And of course being just a stone throw from the sawgrass.
How much work is I going to get them now?
That's it.
Eric in California says happy anniversary.
I've been listening since 90.
Growing up surrounded by a bunch of homophobic Cuban hypocrites.
I grew up ashamed of my sexuality until I heard your show and realized that I didn't have to be some screaming queen or living the closet hanging out in chat rooms or at Westland like so many of my Cuban sisters.
They're doing the limbo rocket.
The tea rooms in Westland believe you me.
They're looking to know maybe they let their guia bear under there.
I don't know.
I also got the hell out of Florida forever.
The best decision of my life.
I download the show list and do it later because I live in another time zone.
So stick it up your ass herbs, is Eric?
That's herb from a cruel springs.
Which you notice herb never never followed up the facts, the phony facts yesterday, but the phylobal facts which bears out what I said.
Full of crap, right?
Totally airs out.
I mean, I'm sure that there are people who listen to whatever else they like, whether it's Howard or something that's fine.
Like I said, don't bother me none.
Don't, not even a little teeny tiny bit, Herbie.
Here reminds me of Herbie Golub.
Nia, what's wrong with my commasules?
Just another kvech.
What fetch describes Niels 30 years on a year in South Florida?
1341 votes.
Unbelievable 436.
Hon?
They leave him.
You can say that again.
Entertaining 405.
The pulse of South Florida 83 just barely make it a move on a Richter scale.
A real mitzvah 81, especially even for the glam.
And the herb street.
Fun 74, informative 61, a miracle 56.
Ponderous enough already 48.
I'm resigning just because of them.
Provocate of 45, stale 20.
So we're like, oh, 4.9%.
We got it under five for the moment.
That means that the naysayers will be the most whole family, even as grandkids are like voting now.
Sintilating 18, lucky eight, aggravating four and enlightening two.
See, the lighting's just zooming up there with the per-hosts.
Folio?
Yeah.
People don't want to be enlightened.
They want to be entertained.
They want to chuckle or two.
They want a little bit of a laugh on her.
Because the world is a slaughterhouse.
It's a bunch of crazy people.
The politicians and the popes and the religionists and the getchies out there and be sure and smear a few asses on your forehead.
Just to make sure it's kosher.
You know, Brian Schmutz actually speaking to Schmutz came in this morning.
I cannot believe it.
Well, I do believe because I know he's a good guy and a real salesperson.
Can you believe that?
And he actually is like conscientious enough to tell me that copy is older than Mothuzel's grandma.
They did August 22nd last year.
For they love to leave it, yeah.
Yeah, because he's conscientious.
He really cares.
He's a sales hole.
He's the one we got so far.
When you're shopping for shoes, comfort, fit, and value is what it's all about.
And I've been telling you about Brandy's shoes for a very, very long time.
And luckily, a lot of you go in there and get your shoes and your ought to too.
Because they treat you great.
They give you a friendly personal service.
Make sure you get a perfect fit and they got the best selection too.
Rockport, floor shum, echo, Muffisto, new balance, SAS, and the best prices as well.
It's an unbeatable combination.
As for Arnie when you go to Brandy's, Arnie will make sure you get the perfect fit of the right price.
And even at Brandy's, they specialize in wide widths as well if you have those big fat flat feet.
Brandy's is worth your trip from just about anywhere in town for a style, comfort, fit, value, and selection.
Always think Brandy's shoes, they were 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach, open daily to line and every Sunday till 5.
And it's a great time to buy new balance this week at Brandy's.
All great men's and women's styles tend to 20 bucks extra off this week.
So be sure and get into Brandy's or do your shoe shopping on their website at Brandy's Shoes.com.
When you go into Brandy's, be sure and tell them that Brian Schmutz sent you in.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 560 QAX.
Excuse me, but I do believe that stuff is.
Now back to the Neil Rogers program on 1240 WGBA.
Here again, America's youngest talk show host, 6 year old Neil Rogers.
Okay, I'd go for Donald's meal and there's four minutes left in the hour.
Who wants to come across?
The Orleans. Hello.
And Neil, how's it going?
Great.
That's good.
Well, so I can't film my subscription to the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle.
Of good audience.
Not in abortion, that paper is.
Then I asked how many other people did likewise and they said, no, my business.
Yeah, well, very, very nice show there.
Okay, well, I just thought I'd let you know.
Your friend, the American, have a nice light.
Hello. Hello.
I want to speak to Neil.
You got him.
Am I on?
Yeah.
Neil.
Yeah.
Neil, you're a stinky pink old glueston if in dead water at a pansy.
They call.
This is the day so far.
Did you say pansy?
Don't you get off.
You're a mong brain.
I run my bike, turn him out every Saturday to do this show.
And this guy calls me named.
She my new sister.
She's on you.
By the way, have you seen some of those fat boys at the New AMP?
Now what are you gathering about?
Hey, good to see you.
This is my gun.
I'm not an introduced in the world and they fit me in here with me.
Hey.
Shut it, my dog.
It's a maca passor.
Hello.
Oh, Neil.
You're your study.
Such a nice boy.
And now you're so terrible.
Yeah, but you can't share it off.
I don't need this.
It offers for my first station.
Petitia, El Marra, Fredonia.
But instead I stay here and entertain you grotesque, sub-hool
and do the bad.
Unbelievable.
To meet the hell.
Hello, is this Neil Rogers?
What kind of phone are you on, sir?
How's that again?
Do you have a dial phone or what?
No, I have to put it to the upper ear.
Let's...
Let's...
Let's not get into that.
Hey, I was listening to Joey Reynolds on WKBW last night.
Somebody asked you.
Did you hear what he's been saying about you?
No, I wasn't anymore.
He was daughtering, old man.
He claims he's only 40.
Yeah, right.
And do we be true men too?
Oh, she's trapped.
I dropped a cell.
And if you think he's bad now, we're totally hatching.
Oh, boy.
Okay, let me come back.
Maybe the egg will come out of his shell.
But I hope not.
21 past noon, breaking news.
I will take pretty good of you, David,
the arm robbery of a pizza delivery man last spring.
Pizza.
Oh, for me?
In a deal I could net him up to 30 years.
Not 30 men.
But spare him a possible life sentence for violating probation and 99 killing of that young girl.
He was just rastling.
And while he is with his attorney, Ellis Rubin.
Hey, Ellis, Ellis, I've been thinking your defense is really stinking.
You know, Ronnie's the more.
Didn't he just get out here a short time ago, speaking to my 30 years in the market?
I was shortly after I arrived on the scene that Ronnie's the more I went to the disclaimer.
It was the TV intoxication defense that Ellis came up with for Ronnie.
Nice going.
That worked really well.
Oh, oh.
Take the youngest person in modern US sister and you receive a life prison sentence and said,
yes, sir.
When I said he would plead guilty, the robbery by Robert Circuit Judge Joel T. Lazarus,
who scheduled sentencing for April 3rd.
Take could receive between 10 and 30 years.
Not 30, man.
Prison.
Tade also admitted they'd violated probation by possessing a gun during the May 23rd robbery at gunpoint.
And it had four pizzas worth $33.60 and with violating laws by doing so.
Lazarus said that any sentence he imposes for those violations run concurrently with the robbery sentence.
The guilty plays the latest twist in a long run.
A case of Tade who was convicted.
Well, you know, but he put the book that we don't know all that stuff.
So there you go.
There you stand.
There with Ellis Rubin with that beard and nose that glasses on.
Now, look at the over 100.
Nice going Ellis.
You are doing it, baby.
Now Brad says first started listing when I moved here in 1988.
Loved it.
They didn't have anything like you where I came from Lexington, Kentucky.
Oh, but they sure like a horse around up there.
Captain Dave the bird.
These pants are too tight, you know.
I'll sit down in this position.
I'm going to take my pants off.
Yeah, there you go.
I'll play some pants music.
No, I can't.
No.
I've taken them off.
I did there.
I'm buckled, man.
Two tights in this position with these damn pantaloons.
Anyway, Captain Dave the bird, P.P. from Pepper Pines, it was a beautiful thing.
Bitless thing you ever since.
Also listen to Bill Calder for while as well.
Rest in peace.
I've only called a few times over the years.
Some people have to work for a living.
There are many times I wanted to, but just didn't have the time.
Went to a few remotes back in the day.
Daniel Highly, Festival Free Market, toy to Hollywood.
My favorite show was One Day on WIOD.
Probably around 91.
You were ranting about how someone had taken your parking spot.
You suspected somebody at Channel 7 after two hours of gnashing of teeth and hell raising.
Somebody alerted you that you had parked in the wrong spot.
I spit out my Wendy's frosty all over my windshield.
Congrats on 30 years.
Spot third, man.
I've enjoyed the last 18 deeply grateful for last all the best for our time.
Thank you, Brad.
Now maybe he's confusing that maybe it could have been IOD, but maybe it was Jack Market.
Yeah, that was while I was IOD.
Right.
Yes, it was.
That was the Paxen IOD.
Well, excuse me.
Hey, Jack, Mark, by the way, is dead.
I just mentioned that in passing.
I'm still around and he's dead.
So you can have your parking spot back, Jack.
Nadine Evans writes, George, you're good.
She says at the bottom, you're good.
Oh, thanks, Nadine.
You're good.
I mean, I'll take it.
Yeah.
She says, my dear Neil, I've been your lawyer listor since we met at the Garwick Festival.
Oh, Tom Denver's got a rotten hell for that one.
I figured that.
We've spoken a few times in the old days when there was freedom of the airwaves.
I missed our casual and fun talks, which I took so for granted.
I've been listening on the web since moving to New Jersey.
I've visited Oh, this is from Hackett's town.
That to be confused with Hackett's sack, which is a real sack.
I visited South Florida in February.
Couldn't wait to be turned home.
How did I do the time there?
20 years?
Doing the time is a good way to putting it, Nadine.
When you're at South Florida, you're doing time.
You're doing a hard time.
You may recall my faxes, John, and Depp and my daughter, Julie, who were an item in Miramar, somebody.
It's a, now I'm also shared political love.
Oh, sure.
We don't forget Nadine.
You have a wonderful talent.
Our joy goes into our wish.
The station owner is giving the support to superior credit and money you deserve.
Oh, so do why.
You keep their station alive.
Happy anniversary.
We keep talking.
Thank you, Nadine.
She's right on top.
I'm thinking like are we knowing for like another five years for like Monday Wednesday and Friday,
and towards noon, Tuesday and Thursday.
Okay.
What?
Today I start to get paid if that happened.
Well, I'm talking about, you know, I'm talking about the part of the year when you're not doing,
not the summertime, the other months.
Mm-hmm.
That's how a good idea.
Sure.
I'll get my new agent right on it.
Duff?
Yeah.
I think, I think, I think, I'm going to be my agent.
My PR person, he always, the sales hole for the show.
He certainly has the zeal for it.
He's got the zeal.
You fairy.
Or the squeal.
And the appeal.
As Wednesday, maybe start rubbing it and smear in it.
By the way, we're at 260 for the CD so far.
All right.
Let's get a thousand a day for a good start.
What are you saying?
I'm not being good.
That would be good.
I mean, they only went out there, sure.
Well, I don't know if we can do a thousand two hours.
We could do it.
We can.
We can.
We can do it.
You people can do it.
Get out there.
Get off your ass.
Okay?
30 years I gave you for free.
The price is right.
Got a cop up 20 bucks for those four little dogs.
And cats.
And cats.
And cats.
And cats.
Fan number one is on the Southeast corner of Pines and University.
And the who does parking lot and van number two is on the Southwest corner of 27th Avenue.
S. One of mine with the Shell gas station.
They got the new about 30 man CDs and the commemorative T-shirts.
Only 20 bucks.
Come on.
Walk over to 20.
We want your money.
This gives us the F and money, man.
Hey, I'll tell you guys that I would be for a long, long time.
And that's my buddy Richard from Toronto as a matter of fact that the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
The food continues to be great, fresh and delicious.
And he still kicking ass.
The Emerald Coast continues to be Florida's number one Asian gourmet buffet is rated by Zagat restaurant.
And now we'll be Friday through Sunday night.
You can enjoy lobster fest featuring made lobster served thermidor style.
And every night if the coast is crab fest would last in snow crab legs dungeon is crab and Jonas Stone crabs.
The menu still includes fresh oysters on a half shell and a sushi bar with over 30 different items.
Count them if you don't believe me.
If I'm lying, you're dying.
The Emerald Coast also serves juicy delicious succulent New York steak scoped order hand card prime rib.
And the weekends for dessertly groom for that Emerald Coast famous 40 inch chocolate fountain.
It's almost obscene.
You can hand it if you're on strawberries, all kinds of fruits, marshmallows, other decorative treats.
Just stick those babies right in there.
Check out all the new, all the new, say I'm tongue tied over, Kassushi is not my bag.
All you can eat sushi bar featuring sashimi to a tuna tataki over 20 different types of sushi rolls and much more.
The Emerald Coast got three can be locations for you in sunrise.
By Sunday, I'll speak in Pember Pines.
Reservations suggested call 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22.
This is meal Roger.
This is 5 16 Q a.m.
Beyond God.
This is the best meal I've ever had.
I'm not going to eat it.
I'm not going to eat it.
I'm not going to eat it.
I'm not going to eat it.
I'm not going to eat it.
I'm not going to eat it.
Welcome.
There's another package down there.
This is Christmas, I must be in honor of Ask Wednesday.
There's a large package down there and being curious about what I am on the next break I'll do the same thing again.
I heard you were curious.
Huh?
I said does. That sounds like a good idea.
Well, who knows what the hell might be. Maybe this is the package for the million dollars
in cash from the beesleaf. You think? Yeah, it all right. No. Or maybe most of me, something.
No, that might be ticking. Steven Nashville, look at where these fangs are coming from, boy.
That's right. A lot of people lucked out and got out of there.
I want to thank you for entertaining all of us for the past 30 years.
I'm 30, man. I wish you a happy anniversary. I moved out of South Florida
four and a half years ago. I listened daily on the internet. Hearing your callers makes me now...
I made the right decision. I can't believe someone would sit on hold for 20 minutes or more just to say,
my decolon or... This is Eddie.
Oh, we better play that. I just bought about 30 men and can't wait to hear it.
Steven actually must have gone online and bought it. What you can do right now, by the way.
Well, he might have gotten it on the van head. He drove there. No. No, because it's Steven Nashville.
I don't know. Any way. Have a great day in Facebook Live here.
I wonder what kind of a ride. That's what my mother said, too.
She said, they made me the true way to move.
What people are going on, Steven. I'll bring it up.
Our total mouse 480. We can do it. We can do it. We can do it.
You can do it!
Yeah, by two o'clock. That's a piece of cake.
Well, you know, the first 10 grand we got to make, that's all just to pay back to Beasley.
So this is... Oh, it's the project.
It's five. They put up five. It only costs five.
Oh, really?
Really? Well, how come it is that they used to always hit me up for 10?
I think in previous years we had more merchandise involved.
That's what we had been doing.
Speaking of that, how do I dare? We might have to double-check this.
Oh, every one of them. Are you kidding me?
No, no. I don't know which one is going to come up here.
No. No!
No, I... I knew it. No, you saved it.
I saved it.
There you go.
That potty mouth mull, man.
Just what you least expect is he birds out some crap, you know?
Maybe that package is from him.
Let's see. Here's one that says from Christopher and Wellington.
Christopher.
Hey, congratulations on about 30. I'm 24. I've been listening about six years.
In other words, I'm the wrong demographic. No, you're the right demographic.
Chris sent a picture.
Anyway, Mo wanted me to forward this to you.
And it's invitation.
You're closely invited to attend a pizza party for Mohaward Davidon at...
And what does that say? Oh, Chuckie Jesus.
And the doys are back in town next week.
There'll be a checkered pants only affair.
Oh, and then it says, Mo, Mo, Mo, my peaches life for me.
Also, I might as well put a lot of idea for Boca-Bride News in a song.
It's a parody of Eminem's Ask Like That with content based on our show, Mo.
Here are some of the lyrics. Mo, Howard David, why did you have to become such an Ask Like That?
Now we don't get to hear you under radio with all your Doido Doys.
Here's the next 30. Thanks, Chris.
I like that.
All right.
And I'm going to go to that pizza party.
So let's see, the doys are back in town.
That would be a good bit.
I feel like I'm getting cheated here.
Why? But he ought to be working.
Well, no, I'm not talking about that, but just running up and down these stairs with these packets.
That's good for you.
Well, we like that package.
Art and Sea Brain.
A Jew and Sea Brain, my God, aren't left to it, says, thanks for 30 years of stirring up the grey matter and Schmidt,
along with the facts and laughs.
Always a listener, never call her.
Good for you, Art.
Thank God.
From Sea Brain, these facts that are coming in from all over the damn place.
Good, Gully.
Important places like, you know,
Hackett'sville, New Jersey, and Sea Brain Florida, and Nashville.
You're just going to love Nashville.
Here's one that says, I remember first listening to you when I was seven years old,
writing around town of my mom's Pinto eating Pinto's and cheese from Taco Viva, or Taco Viva.
That was the one that had the...
No, maybe it was Taco's O'Lay.
They had the squeezed cheese, you know, they're real...
Oh, man, it was so good.
You know what I'm talking about?
The liquid cheese.
Oh, it's all over the burritos.
Oh, man.
It was Taco's O'Lay.
There was what on sunset in Kindle.
In fact, that was in the same little script shopping center that Godfather's was in.
Am I good buddy?
What that was his name, Havier?
Right?
Do you know how many years ago that is?
Like 10?
20.
10?
That was the WS News, man.
Sorry, like a 25.
That was the WS News, like about 25.
Like 25 years ago, at least 23, 24 years ago,
which, hey, Havier.
Of course, now Havier is a daughtering old man like Jim Parkin at Bitt, you know.
But the point I was going to make is that I remember his name after all these years.
That's something...
Oh, there's a reason though.
I know.
Anyway, oh, man.
God.
That Godfather's.
Neil, I first remember listening to one of seven Yadi-Adiade, thinking, wow, what a putz.
Now, I'm not 27, and I'm listening to you sometimes in tears laughing so hard.
I still am a putz though.
This is from Ben.
You're a real stress reliever from daily work.
Thanks for all the laugh.
I too have serious but never miss your show.
Well, eat your heart out, Herbie and the cool of strings.
Here's another guy who's got serious, but he don't miss this show, okay?
You can listen to Howard, the West Coast Fee, the East Coast Fee, the Central Fee,
the Feed This, the Feed Your Face, whatever you like.
Herbie.
And you know what's, we never got a thanks back.
Very suspicious.
I know what I'm talking about.
Every morning at the chandelier, I can see elevated down.
And I'm not sure if you're going to be able to see it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to see it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to see it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to see it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to see it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to see it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to see it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to see it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to see it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to see it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to see it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to see it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to see it.
I just said the voice of Michael Thao.
Why do you raise me up?
I just come to our old news portal booths.
I know everything that's going on in this bedroom.
Why do you even know all the new wardrobe rules?
I picked the pipes.
I pick the pipes.
I pick the pipes.
You've got to go and talk to anybody.
It's a Choose if that is you when I pick your place.
I pick the pipes.
I'm playing me, but when they drop my voice, it looks scary.
A little smoothie?
A little smoothie?
A little smoothie?
A little smoothie?
A little smoothie?
A little smoothie?
A little smoothie?
This is Mil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
Is that because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now?
Not the National Guard, not the National Guard.
No National Guard in Iraq?
No National Guard in Iraq?
True, true, true, true, true, true!
Five, two, five, your ship is dead,
Five, two, three, two, five, your wind is going to stop us now!
Oh yes, who may hate us, but boys will have his way.
Oh, but we will make you die.
Oh, no, no, no.
We pretend men are such a lost time.
With the bush-bribe, family old.
I ask you what could be safe for them and un-checked.
Break it with a suitcase by my phone.
You might, you might be, you might, you're a boy.
And when you die, you get a free hat so full.
Oh, to die, you're a good driver.
When those bombs explode, or to bite, we will make you die.
Oh, thank you for my neglect.
What are we now going through?
Oh, it's not a lie.
Cash, for the delivery, we were given to the husband of two hate women.
What the hell do you guys do?
We'll change our minds and it won't be hard.
You'll buy a high-five, the old days out.
The state to to court, the news first will be on that new.
For to buy, we will make you die.
I'm dying on the end.
1246 EQM, so was my proud word to show up.
Oh, wow.
I just heard it on Monday and it showed up already today.
It must have known it was ass-winded.
It's on the Baker to show up at the same time.
All right, you see that?
All right.
Great minds work alike.
So you got your challenge?
I do.
I'm not telling you.
You're working on his Ville Scalapini.
Right.
Yeah, right now.
This fact here from Marty, this just really peaks my curiosity.
I'll throw up the 760, by the way.
The 760, man, you see, here's my goal.
My goal is eight minutes, your personal goal.
I'm telling my goal.
Oh, seriously, my goal is to get that five grand back by the end of this week.
And then after that, it's all gravy.
I said I'm realistic.
No, because that's only three days between on how are we going to find out how much we're doing online?
Because I've ever lost time with you.
We get a report from Eric from the guy that's running the stove.
Run the stove over here in the Arigis stove.
He reports to Miguel.
In Miguel reports to us.
I so we have what's 7176?
Yeah.
Sounds like WJR Detroit or maybe it's ESPN Radio and Palm Beach because that Evan Cohen is on air.
And Jim Sarty just obsessed with Evan Cohen.
I think he wants him.
Marty says congratulations on your 30th.
I grew up in Rochester.
Went to school with you and even attended Eagle Co.
with Bellows Snyder.
Camp, summer camp.
I've enjoyed listening to you for 20 of your 30 years.
And I listen on the next, I listen on the net.
And lucky I got out of the South Florida.
Thank God, Marty.
You're one of a kind and the day you do retire, you'll be missed by all.
Congrats again on an old good show, George.
How do you like that?
I like it.
Marty from Rochester, I wonder who now that Marty is because he went to school with me and went to summer camp.
Man, I bet you're Marty's old and like me.
And Craig, you know.
Oh, if we could just turn back the hands of time, please.
Just for a few days.
Just for a few minutes.
Let's see.
Look at the artwork on this one.
Oh, this is Ray.
This is the very mysterious Ray.
We haven't had effects from Ray in a long time.
Remember, he said I think that this was Ray Perry?
Right, but it's not.
It's not, of course, because Ray isn't his talent.
He's probably a good guy.
He's a good guy.
Let's see.
The greatest tune of all time was Who, and it's got Buffalo Bob there.
And it's got, I don't even know who these characters are.
Are you?
Wouldn't that be Claire Bell?
Oh, that's Claire Bell.
Well, I'm asking you because I don't know who he is.
And then who that, but who's that in the front?
GW.
Oh, I see.
Yeah, what the hell am I trying to devil himself?
Baseball bats and cartoons, the audio, the art demonstrates what I'm having.
I'm having 30th and Ray.
Thank you, Ray.
A lot of work, and I'm not going to tear that up yet.
I'm doing after the show.
I don't want to do it on the ear.
Well, you know, that's how it is like with a greeting card.
You know, people look at it for a second or two, and then they smit-canon.
Oh, gee, I've got an hour picked out a nice card.
I've got to let it linger for a little while then you.
I'm letting you linger on my finger.
W-D-Q-A-M. Hello.
Happy birthday.
Yeah.
A likely story.
560-705-60, Tom 560, and they've arrived in Singular Wireless Line.
See, it's like in life, we've all met people that we don't want to-
It's like when you go on those appearances and there are people who hold them right to their face.
I don't want to see you.
I don't want to know for me.
I don't want to see you do this.
And the more you tell them that, the more they just continue showing up.
In other words, you will tolerate me whether you want to or not.
That's right.
That's the answer.
No, I won't.
I won't.
There's just even on this day of my daughter's wedding, there are just some people who won't be on the ear.
Just like yesterday.
560-705-60 will do a little flurry of call here.
We're interspersing a few calls along with a plethora of faxes.
The faxes are a mahala.
Believe you me, even if you don't know what that means.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Only once for the Erasbury guy, you're over your quota.
Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, that wasn't him.
This is Gordardau God wishing you a happy 30th.
Yes, sir.
Hope you enjoyed the Faustian calendar that's right in the sun in here.
And whatever you do decide to retire contract for us, or if you want to go in, have a good life.
And I loved it all.
Okay, back to you, Palli.
Okay.
Thanks.
He's almost talking like it's the last supper or something.
Right.
It's going to happen to the Board of Winds, let's not get too emotional, I'm not going anywhere.
That I know of.
Sun is shining, man.
It's a beautiful day.
I'm going to walk right out there in the sun's shining today.
I was not for long, though.
I put on your steel belted radials.
Yeah, I put on my steel belted shoes.
Love it to the art of many people in Ontario that got steel belted shoes.
Love it to the art.
Get out of here.
I'm going to ask my cab driver about that.
Tomorrow when I head to Woodbottom, I'm going to ask my cab buddy.
He ever said here, of course, what does he know?
He's Lebanese.
I don't think they were like steel belted shoes in Lebanon.
No, if I don't imagine.
WKYM, hello.
Nail, God.
Yes, sir.
That was a request.
Oh.
Oh, I thought you were great.
Thank you.
Oh, God.
Okay, there you go.
Go away.
It was a request for what?
I haven't played the bridge entry yet.
Definitely got to do that.
That's all in the city.
In other three years, we can do that again.
How is the pool coming?
We got 13 hundred votes yet.
What best to describe in those 30 years on the air in South Florida?
We got the 1438.
Oh, man.
I haven't even been looking at the...
I've been too busy.
Shluck it up and down the stairs.
Get 40.
Get 40.
Grabbing packages.
Unbelievable.
489.
Un-
They are available.
469.
Something like that.
Entertaining 434.
The Pulse South Florida 88.
A Real Mitzvah 87.
Fun 77.
Informative 63.
A Miracle 57.
Provocative 50.
Pond risen up already.
53.4%.
Aha.
Stale 23.
1.5%.
So that's still 4.9.
It's bubbling under 5%.
Scythylating 19.
Lucky 9.
And lightning 8.
And aggravating 4.
Well, good.
I'm really...
That's the most part of that last 4.
Aggravating.
That's what I'm here for.
You aggravate me?
I turn around and aggravate you back.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, look at the view.
How's the Elunch?
Look great.
Where's that?
Thanks to our friends, John DeBaker, for your father, for your father, Enzo, the Baker.
Let's see.
Here's one.
And it's a copy of an ad that appeared on page 5B in the Herald today, the Metro and State
Section.
It says, very today's Miami Herald 5B.
What?
To make front page, and you have to do an Arthur Tio?
Okay, let me give it a shot.
First of all.
In fact, maybe Jim DeFesey's can come and record my suicide.
That's the ad that we placed, and there's one in each paper to advertise the disc.
Right.
And it will...
So it's a copy that covered the disc, right?
Right.
So, you know, that'll show up wherever the hell it shows up.
But it says 30th anniversary showed it in.
Now, don't tell me you put one of these in a sunsendless way.
Did he pay for that?
I didn't put anything anywhere.
I don't know.
Because the sunsendless didn't give us a squat.
They didn't give it the sweat off of their cheeks, okay?
Off their ass.
They gave us nothing.
Not just Tom Dick, but all you other goy-am over there to the sunsendless.
It's a real fly-opener, man.
It really tells me a lot.
I don't expect much.
In fact, even if it would have been a slice job, if they would have ripped me an ass.
Just a little recognition, okay, after 30 long ponderous freaking years, man.
That ponderous thing has got to point.
It is ponderous.
Like, swimming upstream.
Like trying to like a quadriplegic, trying to do mountain climbing, you know?
Not easy.
They can get down the mountain real quick, though.
Wow, that's another story.
And I hope that the people in the sunsend will have equal luck at the same task.
Let's see.
Congratulations on 30 years of the most entertaining mind-opening rate of a sophomore.
I've been a long-fax.
Ever heard of an loyal listener for 27 years.
I met you many years ago when my partners, the publishers of Excite and Magazine,
Bob and Adam came to your studio for a rare magazine interview.
I remember that.
Good people.
I always remember that day.
Then as now you spoke your mind, give the public what it rarely gets to the truth.
I've migrated across many radio stations over the years as a loyal listener.
Remember all the butt-wipes you worked with over the years.
Today is always you shine above them all, and now you have 30 years of excellence.
But turn them in.
They're rubbing their face.
I'm rubbing that.
First, I'm shivering the ashes on their forehead, then I'm rubbing the 30 years in their puts.
How do you like that?
Just rub it?
Yeah.
You are the best radio talent this market has ever had.
You are a legend, a god.
The best thing to happen to self-auto radio ever.
You are absolutely correct.
I agree with everything you say.
Where would this is?
It'd be great to know that you had many years of local radio ahead of you, but that's just a selfish wish.
Whatever time you have left in this market, see this is like a death d'rudge here.
You want to add this some of this stuff.
I'm in the fairly decent health.
Better than George.
Well, it's your last show, don't you?
Is it?
Whatever time you have left in this market, even if it's only two more weeks.
Thanks for about 30 years of best.
Now we're going to punch your brains out.
No, that's tomorrow because we got the ball game tomorrow.
So the fact I can get out of here early tomorrow, that gives me ample, an extra hour.
I can lose all the easy 800-900-hour, easy.
If I'm done enough to play those dollar wheel of fortunes.
Here's a message for all you plungers out there.
Do not get sucked into that dollar wheel of fortune.
There's no upside to it.
You know, it's like the chance to do anything big on here like getting hit by a bolt of lightning
that you're going to hit the big jackpot, 166.
That's right.
So what's the upshot?
I'm playing there the other day, a couple days ago.
And there's a woman she hits, what does she get?
She got like 18 grand on the quarter machine.
And then like two weeks before the woman hit the quarter mania,
it would buy for $425,000.
Playing quarters.
Quarters.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
That's too much for my blood.
I played the nickels.
They got nickels and pennies, woodbind.
From heaven.
Penies for rumor.
And I can't believe I don't have a thing here from rumor.
For all you've done for him.
For all the meals that I bought them, I don't even have a facts here from Jeff Rimmer,
saying happy 30th anniversary of 10th World of Females at Ruth Chris.
No, there's a phone call I shouldn't have had to come up.
All of the new thing is during the three days because he called here bugging me before I went back down there.
You know, you're going to be a Florida anytime in February.
Like a schmuck I tell him the date that was going to be there.
Oh, well, we're going to be the other because it was during the Olympic break.
There was no NHL, so he wasn't working.
Oh, and how about we got to go to dinner?
How about Ruth Chris?
You know, nervous laugh.
I said no thanks.
And he wasn't offering to buy either, believe me.
Well, I guess you believe me.
Yeah, I believe.
Let's see, we got Gellie there to a clock, including Eric Reed, who talks to his teeth.
We got Eric Reed from the heat of 330.
I have no idea what that's all about, but it's sure his bad radio.
Jim managed it for Curtis Stevenson, 7away 30.
Hurricane Warmup at 830 at 9 o'clock in the U.M. and Maryland.
Let's see, the Turks or the TURPS.
Is it the Turks?
The Turks?
The Turks?
Speaking of the Turks, the Turks will be on broadcast.
Any K if follows that basketball.
This is Neil Roger.
What solid?
This is 5.62 A.M.
It's not just the 1 to 2 hour.
It's a phenomenon.
The who would you vote for?
I was on the other guys, darling.
What other guy?
The Republican guy.
Oh, no, man.
I know.
I'm sorry, today.
What a break.
Which one did you vote for?
I'm not going to get into it, Ted.
You'll freak out on the OK?
Not no way.
Yeah.
That hooded freak.
Which one?
These specific.
What's his name, man?
I'm not going to argue.
The guy from CNN?
Ted Turner, yes.
Oh, man.
You voted for B.P.
I voted for Ted Turner.
Dude, what?
Let's just send the police right into my bed.
I can do it.
Why don't you give him my phone number and it's red.
Ted.
And let him come over.
Ted, kill me.
Ted.
Man, you're going to elect the thought police.
Ted.
Ted, this wasn't a presidential election.
This is a primary.
OK?
I didn't have a chance to vote for the other side.
Give me the chance to vote for the other side.
My pal Rick voted for a Nazi.
I knew this would be.
I didn't vote for a Nazi.
Oh, she ain't it.
101.
No one do you hate him, right, poison.
I'm at it past one.
We got gelledy coming up a tool like I said.
That should be real tweet.
Let's say Richard and Robin and Orman Beach floor to say congratulations on 30 years.
Your 30 years is quite significant since most things last there long usually become stale
and pandering to the elements down there.
Oh, I would never do that.
I'm very pleased to know that your show is aged like fine wine over the years.
It's better than I've ever except for the joystie.
When is she leaving?
Not soon enough.
That bitch.
We hate your joyst.
The whole audience would like to come and lynch your dumbass.
And by the way, Norma tells me it looked like a hyena.
I've been a fan of yours since KAT.
You were the only voice of reason during the alien Gonzalez controversy.
It was you that kept my wife and I saying through it all.
Oh, poor little alienito.
How come he ain't cold in yet?
We now live in Orman Beach.
Or the way from the insaneest island in the South Florida.
I work from home and your show is always on my few to be between 10 and 2.
Congrats again.
And the bagpipes still cracked me up in my wife.
Keep up the good work.
Howard, who would say?
Howard, who?
I think they're talking about Howard Stern.
Oh, you know, they got a CBS ensuing and not rightfully so either.
Oh, no, I hadn't heard.
No.
No.
No, actually they're not making that big of a cynicism about this, which kind of surprises me.
You know, it's kind of the, I think he's oversaturated at this point.
You know, this can be a little bit worn out.
Lori and Balmer says, well, we got a lot of ladies out there.
I told you we have, if the ladies would just go out those damn diaries, we could have a 15-year.
They don't have to be embarrassed.
It's not as wrong with them.
Somebody would fill them out for them.
My former coworker has introduced me to show back in 89.
I've listened to his offer as I could ever since.
You will ask that or reconsider a couple of those kept me sane during my Florida years.
I escaped from Broward in November 99, just two weeks before alien floated to shore.
Oh, are you lucky, Lori?
I've been turning everyone I know here in Baltimore on your show and your website.
You have a considerable fan base up here.
Mostly women.
How do you like that?
Oh!
Big kiss to all the ladies and Balmer.
From this old fag.
Thanks for being there through the years.
You never let me down.
PSL be ordering a CD later today.
Thank you, Lori.
What a sweet heart.
That's wonderful.
Yeah.
Oh, you said it very stark.
Sorry, I was worried about that.
I'm not good at showing up on my salad over here.
Oh, I was the only one who was eating.
It's great.
The pepper and genie is just smoking.
All right.
Yeah, then pepper and genie.
You're eating the pepper and genie?
Yeah.
You know something I don't want to talk to you anymore.
No, I just...
Here's a guy that's got irritable bowel.
It's like always thinks he's on death story.
Finally went to the doctor.
Dr. Citerin, nothing really bad for a doctor's thuckest finger of his face.
That's deep anyway.
And anyway, and he's eating hot peppers.
If you have irritable bowel, you can't eat hot peppers until you're like the...
until I think some sides, man.
Okay.
But they're good.
I wrote the book on irritable bowel.
Believe you may.
I'll give you the instructions.
I'll only eat two more.
Eat some apple sauce.
Apple sauce.
And the good thing with you is that you're not diabetic.
So you're going to have to worry about...
See, like me, I can't even eat apple sauce.
No, you can't.
Because it's like mostly sugar.
Right?
Azucar.
See.
How is Cecilia Cruz doing?
Is she calling you?
That's all.
What are the rejoins that we're going to be playing?
Cecilia Cruz?
Oh, great.
See, this is much better.
Even I'm enjoying this.
We've got a lot of...
you know, taking a few calls.
We've got a lot of nice facts, thousands of resilience.
A few.
A lot of them.
And not any of those stupid can try phone calls.
And then we had the nice thing.
Who got Rick Shaw to do that thing?
Miguel sent the email.
Thanks, Rick.
Miguel sent the email.
That was really nice thing.
Thanks a lot, Rick.
He's a good guy.
There aren't too many good guys left in the radio anymore.
Most of the good guys who are dead.
You know, Bill Calder, Reneery, Big Wilson.
Jim Harper.
I wouldn't say he was a good guy.
He was all right.
He was not in the air.
He was our...
He always had the same purple sweater.
He was the production guy at INZ.
Boy, he was strange, man.
Jim Harper.
He was a good guy though.
To me.
Not a good guy.
True.
That was a strange place.
We had Nancy the receptionist.
He'd been dead for a long time.
She had a little bit of a problem.
Of course, working there with Tim Williams in that crowd, I can understand easily why.
And Stanley Cohen.
Oh, that's right.
I forgot about Stanley Jay Cohen.
If anybody want to ask me, who was the worst general manager you ever worked for, I would
tell you right up front, leaving, setting Greg Reed aside if that's possible.
Because nobody I ever worked for could lie like him.
But Stanley Cohen and Tim Williams, they were at INZ.
What a perfected that was.
Thankfully, interrupted in between was Gary Lawrence.
I think last time we did this like on the, where the hell was it?
Maybe it was still at IOD.
I think Gary Lawrence called in, like maybe the 20th.
Yeah, that's right.
That would have been on IOD, right?
Gary Lawrence called in, Bill Tull called in, and I worked for it to Jay and all West Palm Beach with a line green pants.
Remember that?
Bill Tull.
And he was.
Efren and Abatin Rooz says, I've been loyal listening to you ever since I returned home.
The West Palm Beach from college, you have the 86.
I don't remember exactly how I find you on the radio, but I'm glad I did.
And so are we, from Efren Francis, fairly often from back home, Rouge.
Prior to finding you, I listened to Lee Fowler, Reston Peace and Jack Cole, Reston Peace and see what I mean?
They're all dead.
I'm Jay and all West Palm Beach.
Both of those guys are long gone, but you're still here kicking ass.
I'm not always still alive.
I'm still on the air.
How do you like that?
All you naysayers out there?
NAY.
Yeah.
As Marty Python would say, the naysayers.
That's what they say in, I'm still dumb too, NAY.
I've been told that too many times by the way, NAY.
I think I may be your only blacklist through interacts with this show.
I used to call you from time to time, but now I face you once a month instead of in Bethel Rouge.
And by the way, I hate the term African-American.
I'm not from Africa. I'm from West Palm Beach, Florida, damn it.
Well, how about West Palm Americans?
Dark.
There you go.
My greatest memory was when you received a call from a black guy who said,
Neil, I'm calling you from a cell phone.
I just stole from a cracker.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
You insured hit the floor laughing and couldn't stop.
I like that.
Anyway, before I get too carried away, congratulations.
I love you and I look forward to hearing you on the radio in other 30 years.
Even if they have to prop you up like CNN does with Larry King.
I don't have any suspenders yet, but, uh, uh, oh, he's, he is something.
He's like the ghost of Larry King.
And like I said, poor John Stewart, why did he, well, you know, I guess they all get a rebelist here.
Why did he go on there? Why did he do it?
Here's one from Anstel, a lawyer, a listener from prestigious Aventura,
somebody actually in South Florida.
It says everybody in a nice start with a star is all about this very fancy shmancy.
Too late we don't cut TV.
Everybody has moments in their lives on the list of all those times when life unfolds the way it should.
Well, how do you like that?
Happy 30th anniversary of been the voice of reason in South Florida.
I've been a lawyer listener for the past 15 years.
I thank you for the last and more importantly.
Thank you for opening my eyes about religion.
I'm now proud atheists.
Excellent.
Bless you my child.
I'll pray for you.
I understand doing a good job at that radio station is like wetting your pants in a dark suit.
You get a warm feeling but nobody else notices.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
That's great.
It's great.
Like wetting your pants in a dark suit.
You get a warm feeling but nobody else notices that it's sensational.
Well that's an amcass.
And you can start writing armature for it.
That was good.
It's sensational.
I don't know.
I'm kind of like I don't want to put too many of these calls in here in sport a good day.
They want to overdo it.
Come to QIA and hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hi Neil.
Happy 30.
Happy 30.
Happy 31.
How about you are a best jerk.
What?
How about you are a best kid.
Yeah.
I don't get it.
No he's trying to use the drop in there.
You know like it's a.
You're a best.
But it doesn't.
It doesn't fit.
See that's the only problem.
So the answer is no.
But you're right I am.
Let's see.
Mark says when I start listening to you I was a born again.
Oh my goodness.
Oh my god.
Hallelujah.
You were a chemist of enlightenment for me over the last 12 years.
I evolved beyond belief.
I made about atheists with an open mind.
Thank God Mark.
That's still good.
Of course.
All the years of school and college you were the first one whoever said to think for yourself
and use your own brain.
Use your brain.
Don't believe all the bubble niceties that they brainwash you with.
Because if all the other stuff was true they wouldn't have to do such a heavy duty job
of brainwashing.
They wouldn't have to have all those madrasas over there in the Middle East.
Fabrilo Khatab between the Orthodox Jews and those Getskis over there is a brother.
Which is worse.
Who did more to disrupt the mankind?
You know the Arabs of the Jews.
You always used to say the masses are asses and everywhere you knew what you were saying
until I watched the election results in 2000.
It was then I understood the comment.
The masses are truly asses.
And of course don't leave out alcohol.
And John Kerry and the Democratic Party who are being steamrolled over it like they don't
even exist.
And then of course speaking of good Republicans there's that whiny Susan Khan.
I noticed that since her appearance with Lou Dodd's last night this morning she got religion too.
And she said she's kind of moderating her tone now too so to speak her whiny tone.
Well she's not satisfied now that they're going to go ahead with the 45 day review.
Of course like I said the deal closes tomorrow.
The deal closes tomorrow with the do we do we do we do people.
And then they just go to this dog and pony show for 45 days and they'll say oh everything's fine.
Oh we're fine.
And then Stuart said to it look what happened to him.
God see you there.
You let me get all whipped up again.
They'll get whipped up.
You know what I should get whipped up again is Troy Stratford.
You know he can see this is why he irritates me.
He can come in there and put on that fine show and a suck around.
But he doesn't do a job see that's what bothers me.
You know what I mean I can yuck it up with the baby.
No problem with that I have a good sense of humor.
I try to get along the best I can but the problem is we have some people that want to yuck it up but they don't want to do their job.
And that makes me very angry.
Remember that Michael was talking makes me very angry.
Right.
Carla.
Yeah.
What do you think I'm going to make my godson my godson a orphan?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh hi Clemens.
He didn't waste any time either.
Yeah.
He was having a big back seat.
Oh I hear those tickets of Vegas I guess the rest of the fan probably used them.
They were probably transferable tickets.
I imagine.
Yeah.
You know that they could probably afford to a schmit can one of the other.
I wonder what airline they flew.
12 minutes after one at 5 I guess anyone they wanted right?
At least they didn't have the first class cabin on America worse like the Bee Gees did that time.
Boy.
I'm my trip to Vegas.
And I think that I did it it was only toward the end of that show that somebody reminded me about that.
Otherwise it would never done that tribute to the Bee Gees and wasted that whole day and tuned out 90% of the audience that hates the Bee Gees like poison.
I've been telling you about throught concepts for a long time because I've used them in my house for over 21 years.
In fact they're going to be there this week I do believe and make those carpets look just like brand new.
I encourage you to take advantage of dry concepts maintenance contract that provides you with a 10% discount on all of dry concept services including their one of a con carpet cleaning.
Even the schmussiest looking carpets in the world of most hopeless looking carpet they can make look just like brand new and they do great leather drapey or regular rock cleaning as well.
They also specialize in pet-ordered treatments ceramic tile and grout cleaning mattress cleaning and a lot more.
And don't forget they always give you written guaranteed price upfront and you'll always wind up getting a service by a professional technician who knows this stuff inside and out.
You made a big investment while you decorated your homes and outside will protect that investment called dry concepts today and let them put everything back into shape and make them look just like brand new.
And they'd rather than the Palm Beaches called dry concepts tool free 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 around the wicked web log on to dryconcepts.com.
This is new Roger. This is 516-21.
W-I-O-D-O-I-Hate that station.
Yes. Yes.
I'm one of the top few about these figures.
About one?
Bigger cars and boats.
Now we're talking about bridges over the causeway not the ones in your mouth.
I don't have any of my friends.
Okay.
Time down.
I'm going to take a deep breath.
But if I regulate the body in the 90's and the car of the engineering, then that can shift.
No.
Well it is. All bridges over now with the blue waterway.
If I knew that, I wouldn't have been asking to see.
But that, I said if I knew the answer to the question, I wouldn't have asked it in the first place.
Okay. Well all I'm saying, sir, is that the United States Corps of Engineers are the ones that regulate bridges over navigable waterways.
Over one?
Navigable waterways.
Yes, sir. Okay.
Okay. Yeah.
So it's up to them to decide what time the bridges should not be open to the marine traffic.
Yes.
And what time should they not be open to marine traffic, sir?
I'm telling you that they come up with a time.
Well what is the time?
I believe it's at wish our times, sir, that they are not open to marine traffic.
Other than that, they are open to marine traffic.
So in other words, any slump with a boat can come along and back up traffic for too long.
And an absolutely correction.
Well what kind of a comment is much of a craft is that?
That is not a communist bunch of craft shits.
Sounds like somehow to be able to call back this funny pic of a...
It's got five minutes to be...
It's got a little bit of a boat to one boat.
Right, exactly.
But the boat is going to stop for five thousand cars.
Is that it?
No, I think that fifty thousand cars ought to stop for one jackass in his boat.
I think that's what they ought to do.
Man, you better know your laws, Mr. Because you sure don't...
That's right.
I suppose you want the damn bridges closed to both sides of it and the hurricane too.
I want the bridges closed period.
Okay, I want them closed.
I want the bridge tent to go home and watch an MTV and get the hell out of our lives.
I want those bridges closed.
Let them use the junior tunnel, okay?
You know what I mean?
Let them use the MacArthur Cosmo.
I think they ought to go on a George Washington bridge and jump all the bridge tenters.
How do you like that, sir?
Well, I don't know about you, but you shot like some stupid idiotic jerk.
I'm so really correction.
118 at QAM, where he was as special.
He was the epitome of South Florida.
That's why everybody hates it like poison.
Even if it was a pretend they love it.
Even if it was a pretend it's paradise.
Do do do do.
You know that crowd?
I don't like crowd.
Lady Faxx just says, congrats on your about 30.
I used to work in a vault county money for 10 years all alone.
Thanks for keeping me company all that time, making me laugh.
I miss the days when all the public systems were more entertaining and not complete criminals.
It was a lot more fun to laugh at all those stupidities.
Put the bananas back on the back row of your website.
I miss them.
They sum up everything about Miami.
Thank you, Susan.
Now let's see, what is a lot of faxes today?
And you said I wouldn't even get about 30 of them.
About 30?
Yeah, how much we got?
We got 1270.
Woo!
So I say we go for 2000.
Now I think you're getting a little carried away.
What do you want to slap over?
Well, yeah.
Now that you're made enough, you got the free lunch today from John the Baker.
Now he wants to slap over.
1,270 bucks, that's in just over an hour.
So let me hype it again.
Okay, we can get the 2000, you're right.
In fact, we can be well on our way by Friday.
We can be over that $5,000.
We can give the beesleaves back there.
It's measly, I mean $5,000 and they wanted back $5,000.
My God, the beesleaves fart out $5,000 before most of us get up in the morning.
What are we talking about here?
What's your crap?
What's your cheapos, man?
I'd be humiliating and embarrassed, Joyce, and Caroline, and George, and Bruce, all the beesleaves over there.
I'd be embarrassed.
Plus, all you're relatives up in the Atribut of Van Joes.
They're still picking it.
Anyway, we got to Van number one on the South East corner of Pines and University in the Hooters parking lot.
Till 2 o'clock, we got 40 minutes more to go.
We got 40 minutes more to go.
So we got a good shot.
You're right.
We got an outside shot.
So instead of, like counting for votes on the poll today, we're counting for dollars on our fundraiser for abandoned pay rescue.
And ban number two, new to two, from now until another 40 minutes.
Southwest corner of 27th Avenue, West Wonder Miami, at the Shell Gas Station.
CDs and commemorative t-shirts, 20 bucks a piece of benefit abandoned pay rescue and four lot of debt.
And I guarantee you, this is the last one of these.
This will be a collector's item until that final time.
You know what I'm saying?
In fact, probably after I croak, you can probably do one of these.
Oh, yeah.
Because you'll be on there.
Yeah.
You'll be on there doing your own show.
Somewhere.
That's the idea.
I'm talking about on this station, man.
Joe Bell loves you.
Well, he said you're adequate.
Right.
I'll take that.
That's a big step up.
Candidate with Dave.
Boy, I haven't had a fact from this guy in a long, long time.
In fact, you know something?
I remember.
I remember a fact we got years ago from Candidate with Dave who said he had asked his mother, and she said it was okay for him to contact me.
Remember that?
Yes.
I found that very bizarre.
In other words, it probably had something to do with Dave with that.
You know, he asked his mother, and probably Dave is like about 70 now.
He says, I live in South Florida in the 80s and 90s.
I did.
But since we turned lovely, Naples, New York, just South of Canada, they go on the same like, absolutely.
It's a great country.
You know what?
Well, the only thing I missed in Florida was you thank God near you on the Internet.
The only way to play.
You're right, Toronto is a great city.
Absolutely.
Radio here sucks.
We need you badly.
Well, I'm thinking when I hang it up in South Florida, I'm going to come to WNAP, and Naples.
The big nap on your radio dial.
The sisters are crazy not to syndicate you.
You're cutting edge.
You're better than gold.
Congratulations again looking forward to seeing you someday in the land of Blue Days and Leafs.
Oh, Leafs, please, why did you say that Dave?
Thanks again for your daily honesty and lessons here at Canada.
Good day.
From Canada, New York, all right.
Well, let's listen a little bit, oh, they're on commercial.
You're lucky.
I was going to put out a little bit of Leafs lunch on there.
Good luck.
Good luck.
I am lucky.
Oh, you're very lucky.
In fact, I'm talking to the audience.
On what happened to NHL Network, is off, too.
We got the NFL.
What happened to my classic NL?
This is a conspiracy is what it is.
It's just a black screen.
Well, I guess it's in black in honor of Leafs who's going to watch the match.
Or they really suck.
Anyway, Gerard says, happy 30th.
It's hard to believe it's been nearly 25 years.
I accidentally stumbled upon you on the AM radio.
I've been an avid or a listener ever since you make me laugh, ow loud.
Ow loud.
Well, how come we haven't heard from Bill Tec rhymes with Todd White?
Continued success with it, help from Gerard.
Thank you, Gerard.
Ow loud.
Well, let's, and of course, don't forget, one of the highlights of my 30 years in town was...
WAMMY!
God, it sucks.
Wow, I wonder what Paul drives for that right up front.
Actually, they owe me an apology, and so does your friend Marvin Rawman.
I wonder how he and Defoe and the Indians are doing.
I think they're all doing fine, no?
James says, can you put the oil on us because Marvin...
I think Marvin's getting new drugs.
Everybody believe that.
Hey, I'm in spoken room in there.
What other reason would you suck up to an idiot like me?
Why am I sucking up to him?
Didn't you replace him?
I got nothing to do with that.
Yeah.
Didn't you replace him?
I owe him my job.
Oh, I see.
No, you owe me your job because I'm the one who...
Right.
I feel like I have a hurry to get him fired there.
Right?
And they promoted him instead.
Yeah, I've got a record of that.
Oh, yeah, it was the Cosbro casting way.
That's right.
As in Castle Hoist.
James says, can you put the track list of your CDs on the website?
Maybe it's on there and I missed it.
No, that'd be a good idea.
I'm sure Eric can handle it.
Anyways, do these significance of the day when I turned your show on this morning?
I thought of all the years I've been listening to you then I got really pissed off.
Damn it, I want the Fartsounds back, Joyce.
They want the whole show but nevertheless they were an important part of it.
And you'll go out flaming to that, says.
Bye, me!
I thought that was every day.
Play the Condoleezza song with a sporadic melody of Fartsounds in the background.
Joyce is a big fat, hairy tumor growing on the neck of the Neurologic Show.
Cut the tumor off, Joe Bell.
The guy's got 30 years in the market for crying out loud.
You're a legend, congrats, as Jay.
Let me know what you're going to redo, what's your favorite cartoon pull?
And also has Phil Henry called in yet.
Are you sure?
Oh yeah, I'm holding my breath waiting for that.
A good close friend, Phil Henry, who turned on everybody like a cornered rat.
Oh yeah, he can't recommend anybody any of his stuff for anymore because I had the audacity to say that he's syndicated show.
This is before he became a right-winger.
Wasn't as good, I didn't enjoy it as much as when he was on IOD.
Well that's a real shot, you know.
I said he was a unique talent and the audio audio, I kissed both cheeks but that wasn't good enough.
I guess I had to put my tongue in the crevice, you know, I just won't do that for anybody.
It melts in there.
Oh geez, candy in the crevice.
Sweet.
Robin Colorado says, been listening for 20 plus years back to the days of the bird.
What does that say?
Lightning round, Mr. Ego, etc.
Thank you, God, for the internet.
I still listen almost every day from Colorado.
Congratulations on 30 years of great entertainment video.
No one compares.
Thank you, Rob.
Colorado, baby.
A lot of right-wingers out there, I'd watch myself if I were you.
How are the facts or not, how are the data that it says?
Congratulations on your milestone.
I moved to South Florida, West Palm Beach in the summer of 87.
Shortly thereafter, I found you briefly on AM station that I could barely hear but you made me laugh.
Let's see, 87 would have been IOD.
Could barely hear it.
Who?
Must have had a weak radio, howie.
Then you disappeared, I found you by accident in the morning with Captain Dave in the bird.
I've been loyalist and ever since, but I only became a participant in the show now.
I know that was INZ, I see.
Well, that's right, I was on INZ at night.
And even in Broward, you couldn't hear the damn thing.
Been loyalist and ever since, but only became participant in the show in the last year.
Why do you seem simply to want to entertain and most enjoy the show when you debunking crap?
Whether it's government or religion, it may sound funny coming from your religious Jew who is present in a synagogue.
Which you point out the nonsense and religion that forbades it.
Instead of the real message which is to live in peace and harmony with other people,
all other people not just those who follow the same religion that I do.
Which would be everyone's goal instead of being a tool of division of backwardness.
Hi!
Keep up the good work and by the way, it's the third time asking you if you need new nickname now that Mo is gone.
You keep skipping that part of my faxes.
How are the facts or not?
No more, no.
Okay, but we do have Gelder's staff now between two and four who is filling in where we stay up and mo.
And no bow today.
What, what are they going to find?
I'm, you're right.
I don't care.
I don't know.
I was going to say, what are they going to do something about that two to four?
You know, like put a show on.
But I guess, you know, the rationale is that we can't be worse than a 1-1.
That's, that to me, is very aggressive outstanding program.
We can't be worse than we had before with a 1-1.
So that's just the kind of slack our way along until somebody comes and builds us out.
This, by the way, you like that.
I'll paint the cans in the back, you and the opera manies.
Take into the back shootings of Ray Roberts.
Here's for the homo.
I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm
I'm, destacive on the, I'm ascending, but love never will Still be with you.
I've said, I've tried my best. I will open my heart. I'll go and Leuten to call through.
And offer whatst, with respect in my hands and God's cold.
I've done everything that I've done, and I didn't, to come up against the enemies, nothing.
I can y'all go on and on about George and Josh and Yada.
And you know, I already said my piece and they get it.
But both of Brian, chicken neck, MKJ, and guitar man.
Now guitar man was mostly in the past.
He didn't do anything a long time.
He's gotten too important.
That's what, you know, they all did so much.
But when I stopped and think about,
if the show had been syndicated years ago,
I don't so much think about what I have to say
is about the country hearing the stuff
that this lunatic has come up with, right?
You know what I'm talking about?
Which is why when I see that the comedy services
don't take certain things they did, for example.
Yeah.
This is maybe the most brilliant thing was ever done.
The Middle Eastern world.
No argument.
We'll be exploded.
This is how that people killed with the gas that they sold in.
Right.
The first time a presser nation had the only one that's going.
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about the real hand.
The new fairtore demand the right wing is drilling it over
and over and over and to our hips.
That iridescent weapons of mass destruction.
Three thousand people killed.
I'm not forgotten.
Let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil too big nothing.
Going after some time too.
Plankado Sama.
There's no longer mention of.
Her name is Lawton.
But no one seems concerned all.
Come be in complacent.
We'll leave it every word of this cartel administration.
That control this by fear through media manipulation and the right wing
is drilling it over and over and to our hips.
That iridescent weapons of mass destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now.
Not the ash crop is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Tables, partners, all are saying.
I know being in cattle don't have any reservation.
South of Gropoca's battle end.
World in dialections.
Old regimes must fall in halivertion and so.
With no objection at all.
Gemma crack don't have the ball hand but right wing is drilling it over and over and
to our brainwash pants.
I rack has some weapons of mass destruction.
The man is a tribute to his face.
How about that hotline?
Oh, the bat lines are in.
I can't wait to bat line you off when you're praising Book of Bright.
Hello.
Neil Rogers.
Yes, sir.
Jocostello.
Happy 30th anniversary.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
Yeah.
30 years man, that's a long time.
That is a long time.
How did you do it?
How did you handle it?
How did you handle it?
I said I'll tell you that.
That's for sure.
Anyway, I wanted to wish you a happy anniversary but more shows than that.
More shows than that.
Thank you for teaching me this business, this hell that I'm in.
It's all your fault.
No, I'm kidding.
But you and George saved me.
I'm warning you that XM radio is nothing but a bunch of truck driving right next.
Thank you for that warning.
No, no problem.
I like them now though.
Oh.
Yeah, now that I'm back in Florida and I broadcast them here, it's so much better.
From where?
From home.
From home?
From home.
It's a good idea you should try it.
Whoever heard us say something is that.
Like I said, I learned everything that I know from you guys.
Well, I wouldn't spread that around.
Well, not everything.
I was trapped in sports nerd purgatory.
1996 WQAM saying, what Bruce Warner, what the heck am I doing here?
And Neil and George come over from IOD and Joe Castello is saved, baby.
So thank you so much on a personal level and the entertainment's been pretty darn good.
Well, Greg, congratulations for getting out of that place up there.
That's good.
Oh, it's so much better.
Let me tell you something.
We might even like you again someday.
I'm not too sure about that.
Yeah, what happened with that?
It was what?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Well, you were a little bit annoying there.
And I guess that's because you were psychotic.
You know, went through an astute divorce and working for a bunch of Yahoo Rednecks.
You know, well, let me tell you, being in BC will mess up the mind of you.
Well, that's what George kept saying.
He said you just weren't the same guy no more, but that's not it.
Well, that's what I said.
Yeah, George.
Thanks, George.
Yeah.
And sadly, I heard the story of George telling the, you know, he puked in my yard with devil horns just days ago.
And it brought back some great memories.
How did it do?
Yes.
Well, let me go again.
Happy 30th anniversary.
Thanks, Joe.
I'm, uh, congratulations.
Thank you.
See you.
Thank you.
Now, House has pulled from consideration today a compromised measure on the pay to neck, which was agreed upon by Senate Republican moderates and a House Judiciary Committee.
According to the raw story, it's pretty raw.
House they'd say that representative F.J.M.
Senate Governor of Wisconsin, chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, has delayed a vote on the compromised measure.
A vote on the Sanunu provision, named for Senator John Sanunu of New Hampshire and negotiate the compromise, has been yanked from a floor vote in the House today.
And being rescheduled for next Tuesday.
What happens now is unclear.
The Senate approved the full pay period at conference report, which the House already has approved and will vote on the Sanunu to compromise on the big vote of the book.
The House could still back out of the measure though, but they seem more optimistic after an initial scare that the House had dropped the measure indefinitely, meaning that if the Senate approved the pay period at conference report, the entire bill could go to Bush for a signature without any revisions.
And it goes on.
But it would, in other words, it's nothing going to happen.
Same old craft.
Democrats roll over just like you know you train your dog roll over Rover.
That's what the Democrats do.
Roll over and spread their legs wide open.
Oh, and speaking of that, Joyce, it's up for several honors in Sunday's Academy Award ceremony, but crash already has taken first prize for the most curse words in a film nominated for Best Picture.
All right.
And wonder I liked it so much.
That's right, because it was realistic.
That's how people talk.
FamilymediaGuide.com, which tracks incidents of profanities, sex violence and tobacco use in films reported Tuesday that crash had 180 to
us, but it's including 99 utterances of the F word.
Oh, no F.
The movie about racial tensions in Los Angeles is nominated for six Oscars, including Best Picture, Best Director, Best Screenplay, and Best Supporting Actor.
Fair ass mounting ranked second among best pictures with 92 curse words followed by Munich with 22, only 22 at small taters directed for the most
profanities in the film to win a Best Oscar.
Oscar is held by Platoon with 329, but you didn't know that.
They've given out more drama than the Deer 100, second would two await.
Well, there's a lot of curse words in War movies, you know.
Damn F.
FamilymediaGuide says it makes no judgment on a movie's value, but simply tracks instances of profanities, sex violence, and tobacco uses a guy to parents.
So don't let your kids see crash because they say the F word 99 times.
How do you like that?
99 times.
Too bad Sunny is still about to say 99 yards would not have been great.
What about...
What about everybody's not here? He's dead.
Too bad we missed Sunny. Sunny Hirsch, good guy.
Saw a little Joe Freed, he's dead.
I wonder if Gene Tiwloom, I forgot to mention him to hang this morning, Gene Tiwloom, he was in the tea room at KAT.
He was a really strange guy.
Talk about temperament.
He was the assistant news guy to Joe Freed at KAT.
He had one day he got so parked off about...
I don't remember what it was about, about something at work.
And he went out and he sat on the curb on Bay Road, you know, the station was there on Bay Rhymes with...
Damn!
That...
And he just sat on the curb and wouldn't come in for a long time, he was just all red in the face.
I don't remember what it was about.
There's an apple, an apple plectic.
Isn't that amazing?
It's amazing.
So how much we got there?
We're going to call it after every break.
We're at 1600.
Ooh!
So I don't think that was the last report I got, so we...
At what time?
That was right before you came back.
Came back from what?
From the break.
Europe.
Well, the last break was like 20 minutes ago.
That's why I was 15, whatever you know what.
Okay, so let's see if we can get to that 2000.
I don't think so.
But we're at 1600, it's a pretty good start, right?
And we're just getting to going.
I think so.
I think we are well on a way to repay the beastlies and just kissing them off.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QAF.
Roger.
Very old, not pretty old, ancient.
Fossilized, venerable.
Crusty.
What you should have been for.
I said, crusty, not must be.
Why your window is open.
Or run down the hall.
Why your window is open.
I'm out and true.
I feel secure.
Because your temp will watch while you're windows open.
That was it.
I lost touch with the South Florida audience, man.
I touched it.
And they all ran like hell.
It wouldn't be the first time.
Remember that?
Uh-huh.
Guy calls in.
That said, you've gone over the edge, man.
And bad taste.
You know, there's a lot of air.
You have to air a clap dance kid when it's flying out the window.
And some listeners actually recorded that.
That was the one of our own psychosis did that.
Right.
Jerry Sullivan.
Oh, no.
Well, that can't be the Jerry Sullivan.
You know, it's got to be something different.
Wilmington, North Carolina.
Setting where near your hood.
I don't know.
Vibolaser, you don't know too much about North Carolina for the guys.
No, but what North Carolina saw?
I haven't heard of it.
Vibolaser is the hell in the old days.
I built out of South Florida 10 years ago.
And I would have lived in Wilmington, North Carolina.
And once I closed my red state nose pictures.
George would love it here because it's one of the best places to live in North Carolina.
Congratulations on the big 30.
Thank God for the Internet.
All we have is right wing radio and John Boy and Billy.
Thank you, Jerry.
And I'm sure that it's not the Jerry Sullivan from IOD.
Who got the motive from program director to driving the overnight news truck.
True story.
That was their way of saying, uh, see you, Jerry.
Look at Russell and Coco, chronic man.
Yesterday we got a facts from Russell that he's out of control today.
Congratulations.
20 years ago, I fled the froze North for a week of winter vacation with friends in Jupiter
and right into your show.
I was hooked.
My friends couldn't get me out of the house mid days.
Came back to South Florida whenever I could to hear you.
When I finally bought a place in Central Florida, I made damn sure I signed anything that your signal came in here.
Before I signed anything, oh, I see.
Now it's six months, correct, real, and six months, Internet each year may continue for 30 more.
Big thanks for all the fun.
Lots of lots of room humor, shibbolot smashing, religion bashing, wicked wit, political wisdom and truth.
No sacred cows, humorous generations, HL Lincoln.
Only funnier.
Well, thank you, Russell.
What else is emotional and all kinds of alliteration in there and stuff.
Adam says, happy 30th and power of Christwerex again with the exorcism of the water Nazi, finally getting it out of QA.
Don't mess with the water Nazi.
What a present for your anniversary.
Thank you, Adam.
It was a very fine present.
In fact, Joe Belkin and yesterday made a point of that.
That's you resigned as a, as it gives to me on my 30th anniversary.
That's you got to hell out and long overdue.
Let's see.
One black hockey fan that says happy anniversary.
You guys should make a poster of the cover of the CD.
I buy that before the CD.
I'll get to CD anyway.
Whatever they mean.
I see a poster of you.
You're here.
I'm going to do a lot of things.
How are we doing?
Did we get that call after that break?
Yeah, we're at 1760.
Woo!
Oh, no, we're so close.
Oh, I'll get another call.
I beg your pardon?
He's getting another call.
Oh, and then the frequency of course, 1760 is not what the fan was.
Our first sports competitive, they were peeing in their pants about.
Competit more test these distraught and that crowd of losers.
And at the Silly, Jim Berry from Channel 4, whatever he's a goose ball.
Not a goof ball, a goose ball.
Happy 30th from What's Up with Your Fish?
Oh, What's Up with Your Forcictimus Spusid Guy?
Wow, wow, that sure goes back a long time.
It was.
In fact, if I knew how to hold a spell, that they are.
Oh, it's spelled with an R? No wonder.
Wow, when you got the band spelling in there.
Fair and high.
Boy, I tell you, we got a lot of stuff.
Yo, man, what's up with your Forcictimus Spusid?
I started listening as a punky 15-year-old Brady.
And I've been hooked ever since.
I remember the first show I heard it was when Dion was in the studio as birthday.
Oh, Dion was in the studio.
That was really something.
How could it be?
Not being nearly for a life after that?
You not going on a road, motherfucker.
Stop it, Fanny Mae.
I want to tell those Fanny what I heard of, Barbara Sinto.
Stop me, it's all good.
I want to tell everything I know.
I want to break up the signify.
Well, people say, our body's got to go.
You know, Neil total rich.
Richie told the burden, Burr and told Annie.
And he told a mother, tell her,
Brad and Tudon, she stopped me, talk.
I'm going to tell everything I know.
You know like that.
And when you stop and think about it,
he was talking about fat rich and the bird.
And they're gone and Dion and I are still here.
And he's still wearing the same cap.
That would be a good poll question.
Who's got the oldest smelliest cap, Richie or Dion?
Anyway, Mark says you're absolutely the best.
I'm the third mark today.
Moving recommendations.
We smell a success with Burr Lancaster and Tony Curtis.
Lancaster is excellent as Walter Winchell type newspaper columnist.
In fact, this movie opened up a lot of eyes.
We cried to Winchell as influence began to suffer.
And even Tony Curtis, who I normally can't stand,
shines as he's slimy as most unscripted of all press agents.
Another fantastic movie showing the media for what it is.
I think you'd like it.
Sweet thoughts, success.
I'm putting that in my file.
Okay.
I'm putting that right under my shoe things there.
You're a steel belted radio.
I steel belted radio shoe things.
Here's a fact from Jean.
Oh yeah, Jean, who's been faxing Jean Rogers as a matter of fact.
Been a lawyer listener since the KAT days in North Miami when
Woody's with just a small hot dog stand on this cable.
Thank you, Jean.
And I think it's on.
Let's see.
Joyce, you, let's see.
Joyce, you, Joyce the first 30, Joyce the next 30, and Joyce Joyce Jr.
The only reason I listen is to see how you'll Joyce me off again.
Thank you, a Joyce and listener.
You're a courte.
Thank you for it.
Joyce, you.
Uncle Leo, this is a lot of wish.
We were very happy.
30th anniversary.
I used to think Howard Stern was the best funny issue on the radio,
but I was wrong.
We were watching a show including the lovely George Rodriguez.
You're lovely now.
Is the best radio show on free or satellite radio?
Keep up the good work, Pally.
Thanks for the memories from me.
Let me find a specter.
Here's one.
You're the best.
You're a biggest fan.
Twenty plus year.
Listener three time caller.
Two meet you.
There is only one God.
His name is not Jesus.
It's whatever.
Says Rick.
In my middle east.
Thank you, Rick.
Two time meet me.
Okay.
Me.
That's me.
I did.
I've been lucky enough to listen to you.
I recognize this.
And it's Todd, chronic Todd Hollywood.
Since KAC, I appreciate every minute.
Thank you for, fiercely.
You're welcome.
Todd, the price is right.
PS, don't blame you for leading South Florida.
You're a toilet and a sun.
Come on down and feel the hate.
They don't feel the hate.
They feel the hate.
Amen.
Although the hate is a...
Wasn't that someone Joe Costello calling it?
I noticed you were kind of taking a back.
No, I knew that he was wearing the hotline.
How did you know that?
Because he called Josh and said,
Hey, I'm wearing the hotline.
Tell me a little answer.
Oh.
Kevin says, I found a safe and tranquil place to live in South Florida.
It's the main ones of Tamarack.
You know, the little white houses with old people living in them.
It was affordable when I moved here.
I've enjoyed living here the past five years.
But now I develop or wants to build townhouses.
And zero lot houses on the land.
A golf course that surrounds our neighborhoods.
It's a rotten plant.
It'll slam geezers and upwardly mobile types into the same tiny space.
I've seen their plant over once do that.
Hittiest photo of the python that tried to eat the alligator out in the Everglades.
And the result they both died.
Up until I've been able to avoid the South Florida you described.
I don't afraid.
May have shown up on my doorstep.
Perhaps as a public service you could mention there'll be a meeting March 15th.
At the Tamarack Municipal Building regarding this issue.
Check the Sun Central location section for exact time.
Kevin, thank you and happy to have you here.
Oh, thank you.
Kevin, a good luck to you.
Although we don't read the Sun Central no more.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
Good night.
All the Islamic cartoon never.
It's Irrachie and Bowwinkle.
Hey, Irrachie.
Watch me for the rabbit out of my trippin'.
Who is Bowwinkle?
That trick never works.
Stupidly, please.
Let's go.
That was no rabbit, Bowwinkle.
That was an insurgent move.
You think they're gonna give you new trippin'.
I'm gonna go straight.
Don't lie.
All the harbor.
Don't go, don't go.
Every time I see.
Don't go, don't go.
Every time I see.
Don't go, don't go.
He's president of the world.
Repilegent muscle band.
And in our take-in they've hidden.
I don't know why.
They won't want to stop.
But no, he's here.
First person in that four years.
With president of the world.
Oh, what I get to.
Don't go, don't go too small.
And get to know about it more.
And you want this.
Don't go, don't let the strumming still be me.
Don't go, don't go.
And this drunky bitch here.
Don't go, don't be as even.
Don't go, don't go.
He's president of the world.
Yeah, don't care what it's up.
You got him in by her front.
The Christmas roll.
Don't go, don't go.
You and I will go here.
We've got a great leader.
Don't go, don't go.
He's president of the world.
He's president of the world.
He's president of the world.
He's president of the world.
Okay, almost done with Pam.
We got the guilty standing by.
Two to four when we're involving Doa.
Thanks for all the factors in the calls.
Now let me just ask you this.
We had 1760 on the last shot while we got now.
You know what?
I'm not sure.
Probably just a little bit more.
I think I got one call.
Yeah, I don't know the total.
There's two of them.
1760.
We got a shot of me.
We got close right on the verge.
We're right on the edge of 2000.
Just pretend.
Like I said, we got 45,000 today.
That's just on the first day.
That's a good idea.
You guys stay right where you're going to get to 2000.
If it's like 10 o'clock tonight, midnight,
four in the morning, whatever it is, just stay there and we'll be right over.
Bye, bye, bye.
