The music expressed on the previous video.
Yes, and colors.
Do you know those like the music?
Brandy Mark X.
As there's for agencies.
What's up?
You heard it.
You heard it.
What's up?
You heard it. You have top, you know, your sports department.
I heard them the other day talking about the legals that they're getting now to play the game.
And, you know, it's very clear that he's talking about the Cuban illegals.
And I want to tell you that's very sh** for someone to talk that way about illegals.
Because, you know, him himself is not a native here.
He's not an American Indian.
Everybody here has been on the illegal sometime or the other.
And I don't like anybody talking right that about Cuban people.
Because, you know, he talks about, like, that about Cuban people.
How about his nationalities?
A piece of sh**.
Okay?
There's nothing for Rob to fear.
There's the poor people.
That's how, you know, that's the American s**t in the way.
So, don't talk about Cuban people that way.
But, you know, that's how, you know, that's the American s**t in the way.
But, you know, that's how, you know, that's the American s**t in the way.
All of America is tuning in to find out who will be the next un-American idol.
Do I?
One can the heart.
Five talentless Taliban crinks.
Face the judges.
Who will be eliminated?
Who will be Mohammed?
Mohammed.
Mohammed.
Mohammed.
And now, the end is near.
We will destroy the great Satan.
And when they're done, each un-American performer is judged on the spot by an un-American idol judge, like Simon.
We'll know, Mohammed.
I thought your performance was repugnant, repulsive, revoking.
In other words, your fabulous.
I'm the American idol.
Where Bob and I stay takes on a whole new meaning.
Oh, summer, you're the bank.
You're the bank of the bank of the bank of summer.
Oh, I'm the one.
I'm the American idol.
Where even the winners are losers.
It's a 10.02.
So, Kimba was all excited about that lineup.
We got the beast on at 5 a.m.
Good reason to sleep in late.
And thanks in Vegas.
Is he on vacation now or what's the story?
Or do we just so know?
I don't know.
So, the beast is on 5 a.m.
And who of course is a program director, Jr.
I wouldn't be surprised Robert Kits is on show pretty soon.
Wouldn't you think?
Any minute now.
Any second.
Well, we sure got a great response as this pulver guy going today and it's, wow.
And George, the good news is that his wife found Dreamfield's positive publics.
Yes.
I mean, here in last night and agreed with me 150%.
That's right.
It's great.
Not only no different, but if anything better.
Yeah.
If anything.
And we got more fiber.
It's good for you.
Can't wait to take advantage of that fiber.
Well, what's this thing about 42 carbs and like 5.
Oh, I just read this stuff.
Okay, we got a red on our website there for Christ's sake.
Just get with it.
Now, when they apply that science to rice like they were talking about.
And then they're saying it's a wheat.
Taters and taters.
Oh, I want that to be gravy in heaven.
Exactly.
But actually, the raki's in US troops.
They had more of that good news for my rack.
Just very briefly now.
We don't want to like overdo this.
The US military today reported the deaths of two US service members in a raki combat.
As bombings and shootings like five of raki's dead according to police.
Another development.
Kidneyppers released US reported Jill Carol.
Well, we got that whole story about the probably spend least an hour on that.
You go Jill.
The deaths of US soldier in Airmen, which brought the US troop death toll in the Iraq war
to 2326 occurred in separate incidents.
2326.
Keep that in mind.
Just keep saying it to yourself.
2326 dead people based on a pack of lies.
Absolutely for no reason whatsoever.
And here's Jill again where there's that picture where she got those schmattas on.
Man, got her head number.
See, one thing like I told George before the show today about most of the world's religions were invented by men.
So most of the world's religions treat women like crap.
That's right.
Now when women get covered up to start their own religions, then men are going to walk around with like Burkazan
and like all covered up and like that.
Unclean, unclean, like that.
Yeah, that's right.
Pay back as a bitch you guys.
Just like that illegal just said on air.
She was a real rocket scientist.
Let me say it again.
Lou Dobbs is right.
He's blow hard with a bad weave but nevertheless.
He's got a bad piece.
Who is the most macho that was our full question yesterday?
294 votes.
Clint Eastwood 227.
I still say if you're going to be a macho guy, you got to be able to speak.
He won't.
Oh, he's not.
He can't speak.
I know what you're thinking.
Janet Reno, 191.
Yeah, he whisper is basically just a whisper in guy.
Well, whisper in guys aren't macho to me.
I don't know why she all depends upon what they're whispering and where they're whispering.
You're rewording.
Gina, we know 191.
She's macho all right.
Guys are terrified of that bitch.
Jim Mandage 185.
All right.
Sean Coyne, even though he went to Michigan, they don't hold that against him.
A lot of pretty boys went to Michigan like Tom Brady.
Pretty boys.
Sean Conway 89, Teddy Roosevelt 70, Linda England 57.
She should have been the Cannes West macho contest.
Charles Bronson 52, man colder 48.
Guarantee is she's packing something.
Yeah, another one.
Her name is Teddy Wave 48.
John Wayne 45, Marion, Steve McQueen 42, even in spite of you got to be Bush when your name is McQueen.
You better be my threat.
And he was 42.
Babs Bush 39 with her beautiful brain, Arnold Schwarzenegger, the terminal, Terminator 21.
Condor Leaser 20.
Hey, Condo.
You fairy.
Lee Marvin and Dale Harnard and Johnny Weissmeller 18, a piece in the role of dead.
And Bishop 17, Kimba Bulkamp, her 15, who just went off the air here a moment ago, but he'll be back again tomorrow.
After he gets a personality transplant, Catherine Harris 11, sliced alone 10, Brad Pitt 9, Sterling Hayden 8.
He was Celetzzo.
No, he was McCluskey and Godfather.
He was good actors during Hayden, but he had that tortured look and he was eating the veal, a best-in-the-suggy louise in the Bronx.
And he kind of like reached up and grabbed the napkin, he hit around his neck and like, eh, he had a...
He was the look on the stage.
Sterling Hayden 8, Billie Jean King 8, Raymond Burst 6, hey Raymond.
You fairy.
Tom Brady 5, Ricardo Montelbaum 5, Anthony Hopkins 4, Steve Reeves 3, Chuck Teston 3.
He would have had a lot more of a Spandex pants kind of like that, changes all image.
Lloyd Bridges 1, and Man Murray had one.
You go, man.
All right, that's mustache.
And I still like her music, I kind of care what you say.
I like her music.
I don't like Snowbird all that much.
Wouldn't that go on Snowbird?
I don't know.
What is it?
What is it?
No, the facet, you say.
That's Snowbird.
It's a facet.
Please add cellars, cherries, chocolate-covered cherries, the cellar or cellar.
We just put chocolate-covered cherries over.
Oh, your peppermint patties, how do we leave that off of the room?
We forgot.
Thanks everyone, Voka, PS love the CBS grade.
He said, how are we doing on that?
We got the 2100 bucks yet?
No, I'll do it.
We got 2100.
2100.
That's the end of that.
Really good idea.
That's the worst we've ever done by far.
We've never even come close to such an embarrassing and deflating and humiliating experience as the
BOT30MAN campaign.
Just tragic.
It's on our website there right near the Dreamfield pasta.
And also, I'll say it again, I'm glad you went out and got it.
Because you were the Beast got the pasta and you both verified what I told you.
We haven't had one fax, one call.
And you know because of the fact that it's zooming off the shelves at publics that somebody out there is buying it and
it's not because they just all discovered how expensive this is how great it is.
This is life-changing.
Exactly, life-changing, you can lose weight easing eating pasta.
But nevertheless, don't thank me for it because I'm used to it.
I'm used to the indifference.
Hey, I'll screw you.
Oh, no, I don't think so.
What's your all time favorite candy?
Oh, that was a raspberry time.
Yes, it was.
We now so judge discovered a tremendous website.
Although I will say they made one bad mistake.
Well, it was pointed out to me by Gary Sarner.
Really?
Yes.
Old Waxlips Gary Sarner?
Yes, that's him.
That's what you said before the show today.
I thought that was the reason.
He said that that was a big candy for him still is.
Was it really?
Well, I explained a lot.
Maybe that's why he looks like that.
Like he's sucking on a persimmon.
Anyway, so Gary Sarner.
Now, why did he do that?
Was he actually listening to the show?
He must have been listening.
He must have been listening.
He must have been.
He's like, can't believe that.
God, almighty Gary Sarner and knit wood like that.
Hey, it's not kosher.
Listen to the show.
Gary, it's trache.
Hey, you were talking baseball for a while there.
No, I was not talking baseball.
You were talking baseball.
You were talking baseball.
Those athletes.
Yeah, I see.
You were probably drew him in.
But anyway, the website is oldtimecandy.com.
Slice Candy List.
But I mean, if you go to oldtimecandy.com,
it's all you need to do.
And it goes as it's got just about every candy
that was ever invented.
And not only that, but you can order it.
Including some that you thought they wouldn't even make it anymore.
And for the ones that are not making it anymore,
like what was that one marathon?
They've got a substitute for that.
Yeah, we left off some very obvious ones,
but we've tried to add them on today,
and we'll probably add some more.
This is a good pool.
We didn't put candy cigarettes on there.
Now, but the thing I want to point out to you is smarties.
For a website that says candy intensive is this.
You think they would know their smarties better.
Well, the picture they got is smarties is a different product.
They're like nickel wafers.
That's not smarties.
They're not so smarties.
Smarties come in a box and they're like M&Ms.
Although it's primarily a European and a Nestleys
makes them European and a Canadian thing, a smarties.
Very big.
So get with it.
You've had to learn your smarties there at oldtimecandy.com.
But it's a great website.
And of course, oh, there are, you know,
sellers talk with cover cherries is on here.
How do you say that if it's Spanish and sellers?
If it's Italian, it's cellas.
I guess you better click on it and find out for them.
We called it chocolate cover cherries.
Oh, I see.
Actually, if we didn't know about this list originally,
we could have just put this on there.
Eric could have just pasted and copied and twisted and yanked
and a whole thinkative on there.
Although some of these really technically aren't candy like gum.
I mean gum to me is not candy.
They got gum is on here.
Gum candy?
Yeah, technically.
No, it isn't.
It is not.
What do you talk about technically?
It's candy.
Basically, what's got sugar in it?
It's candy.
I see, like spaghetti salt.
That's right.
Sugar in it is candy.
Yeah.
All right, see.
What's your all-time favorite candy?
We already got 800.
What do we got?
18.
I think we got a shot of thousands of days, Josh.
Oh, you sure?
Got a...
I'm pretty confident today, even with our diminished audience.
By the way, the new sales guy, Chris Jones, is great.
He accomplished more in one day or in five days anyway than his predecessors
in five years.
Nice going, Chris.
And of course, all sorts of mixed messages on it like Duff is...
Oh, brother.
I'm kind of lukewarm about Duff, you know what I'm saying?
You fairy.
Although, he did come in this morning and said, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
A few times like that.
What?
Anyway, here's the...
What's your all-time favorite candy?
Over 800 votes already.
This is good.
Snickers 112, that is no surprise.
I didn't vote for that.
I voted for a score.
I voted for the Hershey with Almonds and Tati.
Josh, what'd you vote for?
I didn't get to vote.
Well, what would you vote for?
You're not going to like my answer.
You're going to say Reese's?
Yeah.
Oh, I was going to say, we're not going to judge you, but I changed my mind.
We've got a lot of company.
There are 70 people are tainted on peanut butter for first place.
That's right.
That's right.
I can taste Reese's.
Now we could have put Reese's...
Because if you look at this list here, Reese's peanut butter cup,
and then Reese's pieces, but it's the same crap.
I mean, no, not at all.
It's not?
No.
I mean, Reese's pieces has no chocolate in it.
So, should we put that on there as a separate one?
He must.
Go ahead.
Reese's pieces.
Yeah.
Reese's anyway, he's a crap.
That's 78, it's second right now.
That's shocking to me.
I mean, the people out there got such bad taste.
M&M is 40.
M&M peanut has got...
But third, man!
See, nobody other than Snickers and Reese's have big number
because they're all like Divi Depp real, even.
Hershey bar 29, how pedestrian, how boring.
Kit Kat, 27.
Who might be able to play that Schmidt Kat bar?
I think the best of residents.
Three mouse critters, 25, also, very bland, moushy.
Butterfinger, 22, that's good.
Especially those big 40 pound ones they make.
By the way, speaking of Taboroni, which we left off yesterday,
but we put it on there today.
If you've ever seen in the windows of candy shops,
they make it with them like about 20 pound one.
Like, you have to get a hernia carrying it out of the store.
You ever see those?
Nope.
Mounds 22, that's with coconuts, so you obviously don't like that.
And these are the why.
Baby Ruth 19, a rose into baby Ruth.
I'll enjoy 19.
We're coconut.
Twix 18.
No kind of people need twix?
Nope.
Twits, I see.
Heath bar 18, chunky 17, 100 grand 8, 16.
Maldonaut ball 15.
We didn't put a chocolate salty balls on here because we're pissed off and eyes are case.
Literary 15, Milky Way 15, watch him a call at 15.
Raisin adds 14, turtles 14, cat maries 14.
Now, cat maries makes a million kind of chocolate.
And so there's several other ones on here.
We couldn't put them all individually.
It had 40,000 names on here.
Payday 14, that's my favorite.
It's payday.
Favorite day.
13.
The score's got 13.
It should have a lot more than that.
Don't you like score?
I do.
Josh?
Yeah.
It's all right.
It's all right.
I'm not a big candy guy to be honest with you.
Milky Way dark 12, then you're out of this discussion.
Mars bar 11, although you did find a good website.
Thanks to Gary Surner, my good buddy.
Socaf's 10, dov 10, Wopper's 9.
Oh, but you didn't get it like those Woppers.
He and the Greg Reed used to tell him all the time.
Clark bar 9, Poppy, cock 8, Jellybean 7, Oh Henry 7, Marathon bar 7.
Lint, which again, we just put generic because they make 80 million.
They make candy bars.
They make those round balls.
They make all kinds of stuff.
Are there any other kind of balls beside round ones?
I don't think so.
Maybe odd long ones.
Seven, smarty 7.
Know what we left off?
Well, I'll get to it.
Tutsi Roll 7, Roll 06, Nestle 6, Zagnut bar 6.
Mr. Good bar 6.
Hershey with Tuffy almonds 5.
Carmel 05.
Krispy Crunch 5.
If I read the list three times, it'll be time to go home.
Milk duds 4.
Charleston 2.
4.
Crunchy 4.
Atomic Fireballs 3.
Red Hot 3.
Tom Lerone 3.
Crackle 3.
Cracker Jack 3.
Peanut brittle 2.
Malocup 2.
Goobers 2.
Arrow 2.
That sucks.
Ritter sport 2.
Bit of honey 2.
Crunch and Munch 2.
Fiddle Fatal 2.
Smoors 2.
Would you even know there was a Smoors bar?
No.
Sucks.
Still the Fabino bar 2.
Peppermint Paddy 1.
Tufford covered cherries 1.
Oh, those are too sweet.
They're sickening.
I think.
I like them.
Nestle, yeah, well, like once in a year.
Nestle's Crunch 1.
Neko Wafer's 1.
Powerhouse 1.
Bar None 1.
Coffee Crisped 1.
Mr. Big 1.
Boxy 1.
Again, they make lots of different crime.
But generic.
Recent pieces we just put on don't have any limited top rocks, tuckles.
Sugar daddy, sugar baby, Wankabar Caramel Cab none out of A31.
Sugar baby, you don't have any?
Oh, those are really sweet.
Those are good.
Aren't they?
Yeah, they're.
Sugar baby.
Sugar sugar.
They tend 16 at 5.
60 WQM.
We didn't put jujubis on there because we didn't know how to spell it.
We don't get the juic crowd all bent out of shape.
Oh.
Jujubis.
I think it's an anti-Semitic thing, don't you?
It is.
And also really tear your teeth out.
Most of the candy at the movies will just tear your teeth right to pieces.
In fact, I think the dental industry's probably got like stocking that.
We're off to this instant.
No, no, no.
I'm so busy today, so I'm going to get some permission to tell you with my wife,
who compared the prince match and belly.
They were stuck at 17 and we had 28.
I went to shop around another bag of gold, mint you know what?
She hasn't been the co-puncher of my vending pleasures.
I had to remind the weather master there, she's.
If we're hanging over the candle, the potato salad,
why they had a goat like a minty ketchup in it.
She said, well, that's an advantage, she should have done it.
I'm standing here all day, my teeth are all yours.
I better get the halaba over for the meal.
My ladies are your kinny, oily, wait for me.
At the ladies' names, they're getting that soft food,
and the dad is a lot of hubba but dread.
I only hope that this ain't trade, it's nice and moist.
Right, please, please, please, please cut.
Yes, cut your hoist.
I grabbed my teeth and threw the joke down the meeting.
Yeah, I would get a lease before my gun start cleaning.
My wife said, my team are a marriage agent.
And just for that, I'm trying to make her own a cheat.
I said, I should be embarrassed than I'm falling apart.
They should only expect no one's from a diaper wearing cloth.
And I mind the age of the diabetes, I'm a fair idea.
I can go right now.
What's given here?
We mostly do take our work in a telephone of knowledge
from the back garden of the teacher couple.
She said, my teacher show me an oplacian.
She said, I said, try to teach him and learn how to cook.
But that I took a place I had enough guilt.
To take home a healthy vegetable fried smoothies.
It's very profitable.
Yeah, who fights with the rapid-murdered by the church for a soul last weekend?
That's right.
It's not just like that.
How big it is.
I got a really good one for you, but I love we left off.
Oh, this website boy, thanks to Gary Sarner, man.
We always liked him a lot, didn't we?
Well, what would we do without it?
Yeah.
Oh, let's try to see how that goes.
Like a list.
Good and 20.
Oh, good and 20.
Yeah, we were talking about liquor.
Oh, man.
Now, soft and chewy licorice candy.
A lot of you people are going to be very pissed off with me
when you get going to the show today.
But, and a lot of you will die as a result of it,
but you'll die with a smile on your face.
I love good and plenty.
Yeah.
That's another one in movie theater candy.
That's right.
Soft and chewy licorice candy.
Oh, yeah.
You've got to have a box of good and plenty
and a box of snow caps are non-parallels.
And the box makes a lot of noise, so you can annoy the people around you.
Right.
You just shuffle them.
We've got twizzlers on there.
I make your pardon?
No, we don't.
He just has a quick wish on there, but twizzlers comes into him more of the flavors than that.
Twizzlers.
Right.
Let's put twizzlers on.
You want to put that on there?
Yeah.
A lot of people like twizzlers.
Okay.
They buy it by the year.
Don't forget good and plenty now.
Right.
I mean, if we're going to go to this list that we got here in this way,
the website again is oldtimecandy.com, which it's not all the horror-hound drops.
But those are like, those are like cough drops.
No, they have cough drops.
Horror-hound drops.
Yeah, horror-hound drops.
What do they drop?
Pants.
Yeah, they got gum.
Like Beamens gum.
Oh, I used to have an uncle that sold Beamens and teaberry gum.
He was a gum salesman.
How'd that work out?
I don't know.
He was kind of a schlepper.
He was a goi.
Sour-panch kids.
Oh, that's very big here.
That's a Canadian thing.
I'm pretty sure it's sour-panched.
Sour-panched sour candies.
Huh?
I like the sour candies.
Do you really?
Yes, I do.
Well, with the sour apple.
Home-situ-
Well, no, they got in here like Smith Brothers cough drops.
You're not putting cough drops.
Although, I'd be very honest with you.
Most of us did eat cough drops because they tasted like candy.
Oh, juju-vis is on here.
I thought you liked that.
Ooh!
Mama Sita, juju-vis is on here.
I got to look that up.
Now, what I was starting to tell you was I probably shouldn't tell the audience this.
It's a bad, bad move by me.
You will be dead.
If you go on this website, click on whichever one like here.
I'll click on juju-vis.
Who is it?
He's the ice-pellet J-U-J-U-J-U-J-U-B-E-S.
Let's get that on there.
Assorted fruit flavors.
If you like them soft, it says, try putting them in the microwave for a few seconds.
Not too long, you'll have juju-goo.
Oh, God.
Anyway, you can buy this by the case.
You can get, you can order these.
They'll send them right to you real fast.
So this is a 15-ounce size case of 24 or 60-99 if you don't need to hold a case.
Single boxes available for 79 cents each on the pack a bag page.
This is a wonderful thing for people who want to kill themselves with candy.
Oh, God.
Juju-vis.
Now, I don't recall that box doesn't look familiar to me.
Are you looking at it?
It's got a green box.
But the individual candy is...
That's obviously it.
Little tiny, like chewy little pieces.
Right?
That'll chewy-bees.
All different multi-colored.
Boy, outside.
It's a miracle that any of us are still alive to be honest with you.
And you wonder why are we croaked?
God.
Hey, that theme feels passed.
I'm going to tell you again.
I spent a lot of money for that because I spent more on the shipping that I did for the product.
Yeah.
Likewise, it was like...
In fact, I don't even know.
For all I know, they might have it in the supermarkets you haven't looked for yet.
What a schmuck I am.
I got coverage full of it.
It is the best.
And even if you're excited about it because you're such a hard-ass, you're hard to please.
Yes, I am.
And you're just all whipped up to a frenzy about it.
Now, at the risk of not finding any more of it, were there crystal-fined to what publics?
The publics on Sheridan on the way to the beach, which is our publics.
Oh.
Like east of US one, publics.
I don't have to worry about it anymore because I got that case coming, so.
No, you're a case alright.
That's right.
27 past 10 to 5 60 WQA.
It's a great Thursday.
We got the big...
Oh!
Coming up, rock solid.
That's why the beast was on this morning, given the big ol' shot.
I don't have any problem with that.
I mean, he can't speak English, but he's pretty good.
He's very good at it.
Some people we've had in that slot, in the revolving slot.
Mad Dog at 4, three solid hours of the Mad Dog.
Thank God.
Hurricane Hotline, a pretty close-up steakhouse at 7 o'clock.
Jesse Agler at 9 to 10.
He'll be raving.
He'll be traveling about the Panther 7th consecutive win.
We eat the Penn wins 5, 3 last night in Pittsburgh.
And Lenny Martis tonight at 10 o'clock.
That should be good for a few chuckles.
Okay, speaking of candy.
You're in trouble.
We're with the bushes, with the White House.
That's right.
And watch what I say.
Alright.
Let's go to some calls.
Pennsylvania.
Hello.
Mr. President, is that a cocktail you're making?
Oh, absolutely.
This is Bush.
Does he drink every night?
He really does.
Good job, Brian.
But also, by this point, believe me, we're used to it.
Sure, you ever were supposed to dirty to the American people
to stay focused and sober.
No.
You.
You, Larry.
You too.
Texas, hello.
President and Mrs. Bush.
Is Vice President Chaney at the White House right now, too?
I don't know.
It's 1031.
And guess what?
Another one we left off, although we just talked about Red Hot.
The job breakers.
Right.
Yeah, job breakers.
Alright.
Now, the boxes they're showing here say job busters.
Okay.
Anyway, it's job breakers.
So take it easy with those baby boomers teeth.
The size of our three-eighths of an inch in diameter.
They're roughly 17 in a mini box.
24 to a case for $4.99.
That's disgusting.
It's a damn good thing.
I'm not on some kind of a candy bag, a jag right now.
Oh, man.
Yeah, the jag nut.
Yeah.
Can we put that on a zag nut?
Yeah, we can.
We can put that on, right?
We can.
Bonnumos Turkish taffy.
They actually, they don't make that no more.
French chewy taffy.
It's an OIC.
There is a new one because they don't make bonnumos anymore.
But here's French Turkish taffy.
Don't put that on.
Oh, you could put that on.
Bonnumos Turkish taffy.
I just put Turkish taffy.
Can you believe these?
And you click on, you can order them because you'll find that 99%.
Like I said about what was the one I mentioned a marathon?
That they don't make any more marathon bar.
But if you click on that, it says it's gone, but the curly,
whirly takes its place.
Each bar is the same size as the original.
One inch by eight inches of braided caramel covered with milk chocolate.
Ooh, that sounds good.
Look at that.
There's the picture of it.
Mmm, it's braided.
It says you will not be disappointed in a bag of 20 bars, it's 23.99.
Let's sell candy on the shore.
We didn't kill everybody.
Oh, man.
In fact, just take tons of this stuff and put it on Gary Sanders door.
And just put a kosher, a little circle, a circle you ran sign on it.
It's paraff, whatever that means.
Kosher, it's halal.
Tell them it's halal.
We got 898 votes, that means we might get to a thousand by like,
oh, I don't know, 11 and...
About 30, man.
30, what do you think?
At least 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 were candy intensive and they boy,
the show was so sweet it's disgusting.
By about noon your blood sugar will be 700, just from listening.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Call that ground.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Uh, yeah, uh, I got some candy for you.
Do you?
Send it over in a box.
What do you got?
I got a sugar daddy's non-lators and crybaby.
What was the second one?
Uh, non-lators and crybaby.
Oh, non-lators, that's an old favorite.
Yeah, is this?
No end-lators.
Oh, no, and later, now...
Give it all to throw it down, man.
I'm an old man.
I can't, here's so fast anymore.
I hear well, but not so fast.
I hear slower.
Now and later, I never heard that.
I heard a sooner or later.
Yeah, a little square individually wrapped candies coming different flavors,
chocolates, and so that.
I don't think that's even on this list here.
Is it?
And obviously he's got every candy bar that was made all of the way to the store.
There are some things wrong, which really pisses me off.
That's stupid.
You see non-lator, oh, it is on here.
Okay, let me go back in.
Big down here.
Florida, in non-latory school.
There were big in non-latory school down here.
In Florida, well what was that telling you?
You got any non-lators?
Never heard of it.
But if I click on it, see, when you see the picture of the product,
then it brings back all those memories, some of them good,
most of them bad.
Let's see, non-lator, here you go.
Right.
Never saw them.
See the individually wrapped in, you've never seen them.
now and then have some later.
Seven flavors for individually wrapped
half-eat squares and a half,
a 5.56 ounce box,
by a box of 48 bar, 6.99.
I'm looking at the packages they don't
ring any balls with me.
Never saw them, never heard of them.
Don't know from them.
But if you want to put it on there,
go ahead.
Now or later.
904 hosts, man.
The candy is fantastic.
Here's a Zach and Miami says
that's not Zach Arzac.
Could be, I'm sure it's not.
Shudging by the nature of the facts, I doubt it.
Oh, no.
Has Josh seen us yet?
No.
I thought I'd let you break it to her.
Tell me he's got a call.
A great website that sells all sorts
of different nostalgia candies,
hometownfavorites.com.
They also have a section on the site
that's hard and has hard to find foods
and food based on your region.
Huh.
I'm gonna go at those cheesy,
waffles, things I talked about.
Remember we found that online somewhere.
Cheese waffles, whatever those are called.
They come in like a tube, a cheese.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, and you never found those.
You know what I'm talking about, dude,
but I don't know.
They're like two thin orange wafers.
They're real orange, like with lots
of artificial coloring and probably kill you.
Then Zach and Miami continues.
Says, by the way, is Josh Hot.
He sounds really cute.
The gaze in Miami want to meet him.
So please send him on an appearance
at twist and stuff, bitch.
Ha, ha, ha.
Could you put a picture on your website?
Love to show Zach and Miami.
He's Zach.
Oh, God.
I think there is a lot of you.
You've got a following up there.
Okay.
I'm gonna go play in the product now.
I'm gonna go play in the product now.
Twist and go to the product.
I said twist this.
Twist one up and then twist down.
And say, okay, anyway, that's sad.
That's right.
By the way, we do have a picture of Josh
on with some more, don't we?
No, we thought we did.
Yeah, we do.
No, we don't.
Hey, I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
This is the bet.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'll get one from his mom.
Oh!
And a picture.
Where are those pictures?
Let's see.
Oh, here it is pictures.
They haven't been changing like five years.
Yeah.
Right where it said the needed burger.
Beaded burger.
Let's see.
There's George's tattoo adventure.
Jessica Simpson in George.
The cast of QA is everywhere it is.
That's where it should be.
And we don't have a picture, Johnny.
There's not a picture of me up there. I'm telling you.
There was for like a couple days.
Oh, there's McGill looking like a dead bee.
Orgina has a red tape right there.
It's only a smile on his face.
So you know we don't have a picture of the new book.
We don't have a picture of the new brage Emo.
They don't have to work on that too.
Well, you never get josh-o-level. Let me take his picture now.
Oh, there's Hank. Look at him.
Hank looks like he's in a carnival with his head.
You know, those things where you put the head through on a funny body.
I'm not going to get a picture of Josh Pozen.
No, you'll have to sneak one.
There's Moan Gildey.
Oh, my God. And Moa Sand.
Look at that.
And there's Mad Dog looking like about 90 years old.
That's bad.
Even what's his name is on there?
Goofball Engineer.
Oh, there's Clarence on there.
Look at that.
Look at her.
And there's George Isch-Mendrick, her engineer.
Who's that in the upper right?
Oh, it's you and Joe.
Your buddies. Look at that.
Arm and arm hand and glang.
That's right.
Arm hand.
Tight.
Wow.
So there you go.
So we did have a picture of you.
We did.
It was on the homepage for like a week.
Yeah.
And we could have better with it.
Because Zach was hot for your body or something.
I'll get a better one.
Just wait till the next time you go.
I want to say, to answer your questions, Zach,
we're like, look warm.
Okay, that would be my answer.
Not, you know, look warm.
Actually, Zach, I'm hot stuff, but you'll never see it.
Yeah.
Oh.
Good God.
Ted Turner blasted a media bush and himself.
Old Ted Turner.
God would lot of money.
But, but, but, but, a lot of money.
Ted Turner took shots Tuesday at the media for his coverage of sex and violence at himself
for losing control of the news network he founded.
And at the Bush administration for going to war in Iraq.
You go, Ted.
It's probably that Jane Fonda influence rubbed off.
The outspoken billionaire philanthropist made his comments as he was being honored for promoting global understanding.
That's interesting because Zach and the bird understand a damn thing.
He says he mumbles.
There's an awful lot of superfluous news.
They pervert the day and someone that shot seven people at a fraternity party.
Turner quote, told the crowd gathered downtown hotel in Atlanta.
Who needs it all?
Well, what are we going to do without the pervert the day and somebody who shot seven people at a frat party?
Turner 67 said he regrets losing control of CNN, which he founded in 1982.
Two time Warner Inc. after its merger with America online.
I had a sacred trust there and I let it go, Turner said.
I thought there was no way they could face me out.
I was wrong.
In 2003 Turner resigned as vice chairman of what was then a well time Warner Inc.
Then last month he said he wouldn't seek reelection of the board of what is now simply time Warner.
As for Bush, Turner didn't mince his words.
Don't mince your words, Josh.
You're beginning more on you.
Facts is like that last one.
We can't afford the word of rack Turner said.
It's a big waste of time.
I wish we would say we won and we're going home.
We shouldn't be there.
Bombing isn't the way of changing people's minds.
You do that with the education he said.
Bush likes it.
And when you understand the world Turner said we had a president in the United States who
had been out of the country only once before he was elected.
He said.
And that was the Mexico.
The Timis.
And he added and this guy has his finger on the nuclear trigger to a reformed alcoholic but nothing wrong with that.
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
White House spokesman Maria Tamburri addressed Turner's work criticism.
It remains essential front of the war on terror and it's important for the security of our nation to have a democratic or a friend ally.
She said.
She had no media comment on Turner's remarks about the president's booze use.
First thing you know, we know that.
Turner who was the world's capital airlines prize for global understanding administered by the University of Georgia was asked after this imposing whether he would consider running for president.
I thought about it a lot.
He said that he's almost 70 as a chance as past.
Well, can't you see that Ted Turner for president?
And then Jane could be the first lady.
That's why he's not married to her anymore.
What a shame.
Wouldn't that be something with that piss a lot of people off?
Yeah.
Yeah, it would.
Hanoi Jane to be the first lady.
Wow.
They would probably linch her ass right in the middle of one of her workouts.
Poor Jane.
Poor Miss understood.
Hanoi Jane.
It's 24 11 at 560 W.
You're insulin levels are going to go zoom in a minute.
This is Neil Roger.
Analysts with this is 560 QA.
Job stop.
Children.
A cellum.
Disconhanation.
What would you do for a crime act?
For a crime act bar?
I've listened to Ricky Martin repeatedly over and over.
Oh, you know what?
I came from mine.
I don't like crime act bars.
I'm looking to chocolate.
I'm lactose intolerant.
I'm a diabetic.
Oh, sweet Jesus.
Stop it.
Now, hold.
Try it on.
What would you do for a crime act bar?
If you know, I thought this website was so good, but then again, Gary Sarnagay, a
You know, I'm meeting him.
We'll put it on there.
Right away.
Let's get a crime act bar on our route thing.
Oh, the Josh picture is back up on the website for the South Beach.
Oh, no.
Do you want to check it out?
Hey, Zach, Josh's picture is back on the website.
You can take a look.
Okay.
You can look, but don't touch.
Where is it?
Under the picture.
I'm just reading off the little telepronter here.
Under pictures.
Okay.
Let's see.
Under what?
Cast a QAM or more QAM picture?
I don't know where you put it.
Hey, there's Hank sitting there with about a 40 ounce, an 80 ounce couple of something
in front of him.
But who is that?
Where?
To the left of Hank where it says more pictures, who the hell is that?
Oh, Josh's picture is right above the pasta.
Front and center, front and page.
Wow.
That's Curtis.
Let's see.
Above the pasta.
There it is.
Yeah, that's him.
That's what he looks like.
Punk.
That's him.
I don't think Zach would turn it down.
Well, we'll never find out.
We'll never.
Oh, now maybe that is that crance.
Maybe Josh is a chubby chaser.
We just didn't know it.
American reporter Jill Carroll was set for you today.
Police said nearly two months after she was kidnapped in a bloody ambush that killed her
translator.
Her redditor said she was just, oh, we're fine.
Carroll 20, it was handed over to the Iraqis.
I still can't.
You know, you could tell me again, like a hundred times today, the dance dude is dead.
And I still can't.
It doesn't sunk in yet.
Remember it is dead.
No, not Danny Boy.
And you want to know why don't you?
Because that's God punished him for what he tried to do to pour Josh from, not our
Josh, but from a young in a horny Josh moral.
Nick.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Right after that, they married Nick off and his wife started having babies like one every two
months.
It was incredible.
Just popping them out.
Tracy in Kendall says, my vote is for red vines, licorice.
In my life.
Did you ever hear that?
Yeah, it's on this thing.
Red vines licorice bars.
The long skinny.
It's long and skinny.
Yeah.
Hey, Zach, Josh said it's long and skinny.
Red vines, where is it?
Red vines licorice bars.
Oh, there's also red vines licorice twists.
Hello tubes.
Look at that.
They're hollow.
Shoo.
Connected into a two and a half ounce bar of licorice.
A box of 24 original red black licorice.
It's a 1699.
If you don't need a whole box, you can get it by the single bag.
Red vines twists and sugar-free twists.
Oh, they got sugar-free twists.
They're probably loaded with the multitool or stuff like that.
Make you just, oh, spend all day on it.
It says you can still buy them in the original package or buy them bucket of targets.
They're also great for pissing off twizzler eaters.
Oh, she says, yuck, the twizzler.
She likes the SCD.
Got good, man.
Especially like Old Neal and Luric King works out.
You have a great weekend, too, Tracy.
Thanks for the memory.
There you go.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 60.
I don't know what inspired me to do this.
Hello, Candy.
No, something inspired me.
Why no?
Was the fact we got there the other day thanks to the fact that we were inspiring me.
Was the one that said the George's and Idiot Mars bars don't have shredded coconut?
Oh, that right.
And it said on that note, how about a future pull for what's your all-time favorite candy bar?
But we didn't just do candy bar, we did candy.
Right.
Did we put cotton candy on there?
Probably not.
That's fair for the candy.
It's a county fair stuff.
It's okay.
And you can buy it on the website, but it's in a bag.
It's never going to be the same.
It's going to be all dried out.
The best thing when you go to the county fair and you go ahead and don't eat it because it's just going to kill you.
But you watched them making the cotton candy and how they pour the sugar and the accoloring in that thing that goes round around,
find a wheel, like a very common would say, round and round.
And you watch the sugar like spin like in.
It looks like a cobweb.
You can't wonder what the sweet spiders are.
You understand?
They're in my house.
They're in the cobweb.
Oh, watch out for those spiders.
Man, I got me a spider bite on my leg couple weeks ago as big as a watermelon.
My God.
I took my garbage in the garbage room and put it down the shoot, you know?
Oh, shit.
And a spider.
A little mishmuffah was in there and long came a spider and hopped up on my leg and without my knowing it.
And I came back in the kitchen, was washing a couple of dishes, and I felt like on my leg, you know, like about halfway down.
Between the knee and the ankle.
Like something not good.
And I looked down and those were, there's two telltale round holes, you know what I'm saying?
That's right, the valve pump.
I was bleeding.
Yep.
Bleeding.
Now the scar is still there because being diabetic, I hear real slow, you know?
Especially after I eat about 400-them double bubblegum things.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, this candy thing is really sick.
You know, on the one hand, we're telling them about the Dreamfield pasta.
By the way, nice job on that Troy, you're really doing it.
Give it to like a real sales guy in that account.
We could put your shot ahead them on the year.
Like Gary's harder?
Yeah, oh yeah.
Well, isn't that his thing?
Is knee like national?
That's his thing.
Well, tell Gary's starter instead of talking about candy bars, Gary oughta be like,
like, gonna be working on our Dreamfield pasta, you idiot.
You professional idiot.
Oh, yeah.
WNQYM candy line.
Hello.
Hey, I'm diabetic.
You know, I have any candy so you're really killing me or the saw.
You too.
I also need a large teacher to get Josh some movie.
You okay?
WNQYM, hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Zero candy bar.
Zero, I remember that.
Zero, the white one.
Right.
And then the opposite, it was the chocolate babies.
Oh, I think that one's on this list here.
Let's see, chocolate babies here.
We got sugar babies, the chocolate babies.
They put them out of business a long time ago.
Yeah, but let me let me look at this because it's on this list.
I think you'd be interested in looking at this thing.
No, you see it's nervous like because of the public kill you.
Chocolate, what is it again?
Chocolate babies.
Chocolate babies, I'm clicking it because it's on the list.
And oh, those things look like dog turds man.
They knew, don't they?
They made the chocolate.
They made the chocolate shape babies about one inch long.
There you go.
Looks like tiny came back to life.
Okay, thanks a lot, Sally.
Oh, there's shaped like baby.
I know those, but don't those have like marshmallow inside or those solid?
I'm not sure.
I got to look at the picture.
The other side.
The chocolate babies.
There's the dead babies from C.K.O.W.
I think those got marshmallow on them.
They're in my confusion.
I don't know.
I don't know.
That's true what those are.
Small chocolate shaped babies about one inch long.
Two pound bag is roughly 200 pieces.
This is $499.
Only five bucks you can go into a diabetic coma.
200 pieces.
Oh, man.
Yeah, they got something in them.
They got something about top of it.
It says, when chocolate babies are very fresh, they'll stick together.
We recommend you open the bag and expose them to the air before eating, because they stick
together.
Well, chocolate babies do have a tendency to stick together, and white babies stick together,
and that's just the problem.
We got 966 votes.
We could be close to 1000 by the top of the hour, and John said, you'll never make it two days in a row.
He's just PO-coz Jack turned him down.
Oh, bond bonds.
It's a...
All right.
It's fun and generic.
I can't get it.
Huh?
It's fun and generic, but sure.
Well, let's see if it's on this thing here.
Although they missed out on a lot of good stuff.
Well, they got to say a brand, as opposed to an all-inclusive tour for any round chocolate ball.
Ice cream covered with chocolate.
Yeah, I do know what bond bonds are, but then it's not...
Where do you buy bond bonds?
Just the box of candy that you get at Valentine's Day.
Those are bond bonds.
No, no.
Whoever sent this...
And look at the...
Oh, I thought it said Frankenstein.
It said Blankstein.
I'm sorry.
Ice cream covered with chocolate.
Those are bond bonds you buy like it's...
Like an ice cream place.
Like a Laura Seacord here or like somewhere there, I don't know.
Who the hell knows?
Gallup poll in Shift More Americans Not Called Themself Democrats.
Well, we don't have too much choice at this point.
In perhaps a historic shift, more Americans not considered themselves Democrats than Republicans.
The Gallup Organization says.
Republicans had gained the upper hand in recent years, but 33% of Americans and latest Gallup poll not call themselves Democrats.
Those favoring the GOP 32% one point behind.
Gallup says this widens a bit more once the leanings of independence are taken into account.
What is that?
Oh, I'm cutting the styrofoam off my chili dog.
Oh, I thought maybe we'd like open it in a big box of candy.
It sounded like the name.
Independent summit, or if I may be your dog, had a scratch.
Independent summit make up 34% of the population when asked if they lean in a certain direction.
They're anxious pushed in Democrat numbers to 49% with Republicans as 42.
A year ago the parties were dead even in 46.
In fact, I think the dead part is right.
Dead parties.
The shift indicates Gallup says why it's polshirt Democrats leading in this year's congressional races.
And it was taken from January through March.
January through now.
For the national sample.
And Gallup, of course, tends to be right.
We know there's very bonds with this bad ass.
Look at that.
Do you see that?
Nope.
Give me that's why Josh likes him so much.
Oh, Zach says.
I didn't realize this was going to be a serious issue.
I don't think I should read that.
I think it did.
Oh, yeah, because you're a smithist, dude.
Man, that's why you want to try.
Yes.
Zach and I receive a, well, I'm not the one to put that picture back up there.
I didn't either.
Zach says you're cute, Josh.
Don't be shy.
When and where should we meet?
We'll have a good time.
I promise.
I know you're a little interested in what you wouldn't fight it as much as you do.
From what I call it too.
That's it.
I like a great couple.
Once he goes, it says once he goes, Zach, you don't go back.
Can I email you?
Oh, brother.
Mark it down.
Thursday, March 30th, folks.
Stop 30, man.
Hey, that Josh gets proposition right on you on the show by some queen out there.
Oh, that's right.
That's right.
What, bigger part?
I said this show just works wonders for me.
Yeah, between this and that great healing cut for you.
Another of the guys.
Another one for free.
I'm not going to be happy unless you look for free.
No problem.
What is that?
Love is in the air.
Oh, yeah.
You can smell it.
I'm dedicating this.
To touch it right.
Welcome.
Okay, it's on.
Florida's a penny is voting machine.
I don't know if we can save some penny.
Voting machine companies.
The Florida Attorney General's office issued an investigative subpoenas to the three companies
who certified a cell voting machines in Florida.
They're bad machines, man.
Attorney General Charlie Chris is reviewing a dispute between the firms and Leon County election supervisor.
Die of old election systems, election systems and software and sequai voting systems have refused
to sell equipment to let disabled voters cast ballots without help in Leon County.
Election supervisors, Ian Sanchez, been outspoken about his concern that the devices can be easily manipulated to change race outcomes.
A lot of folks like to be able to change their race.
The company's refusal is let's Leon County, home of the state capital and violation of the federal help America vote act.
Charlie, Chris, hey Charlie, you fairy wants to see companies and documents relating the sales of voting machines by the companies in Florida since January 2003.
Chris office began the investigation early in February.
A spokesman for the elections of the Virginia Dibble says they haven't seen it, but they'll review it.
The free will says sequai and ESNS have a return message of seeking comment.
Well there you go, at least there's a little something going on.
There's a little something in the air like George said.
Love is in the air, he can smell it.
The aroma.
As Zach says, it's overwhelmed by that picture of Josh Cortes on our website.
Right by the pasta too.
Got a funny line for the other lots of details.
Better keep it to myself because two people become very aggravated and the most important of which would be Joyce.
She'd get all bed out of shape just like a wrinkled piece of pasta.
She'd get all, in fact that's what she looks like when Norma said.
A wrinkled noodle of pasta.
1056 at 560 WQA and being outdoors in South Florida a lot, you really need to have comfortable shoes to do all your waddling around.
You're shuffling around.
So the only place to go is Brandy shoes in Popano Beach.
Be sure to tell him that the brand schmutz into it and Brian of course is back with us.
We're ecstatic that like a real sales guy back, he won't be around too long.
Brandy's carries major brands like Floreshine, Echo, Mephisto, Rockport, Hushpuppies, New Balance.
Tons of other name brands and all sizes for men and women they even create wide wits and hard to find sizes to a Brandy's.
Brandy's in fact is the largest independent shoe retailer in all South Florida.
When you see the selection value you get at Brandy's, you know why I've been raving for years about just how great they are.
We shot a fact that they paid good money for it.
Go see our good friend Arnie, who gets the right fitting shoes for those feet and the right price every time too.
Brandy sure is not like those big department stores where you'll wander around waiting forever to get service and then finally when they wait on you, you pick out the style you like.
Oh sorry, don't have that in your size. Good luck to you.
The only thing they do do at Brandy's is shoes. So they're the experts. You don't have to worry about size, selection, service, or price.
They're absolutely unbeatable.
Brandy's shoes will find them at 12, 19, or Federal Highway in Pompeville Beach between Atlantic and Copens on the east side.
You can't miss it. Brandy's is open Monday through Saturday till 9 and every Sunday is well till 5.
And this week is a great time to buy naturalizers at Brandy's all-rate women's style, 10 bucks off.
So be sure to do your shoe shopping at Brandy's this week or online on their website at brandy's shoes.com.
This is Neil Roger. This is 5.62 AF.
This is your brain. This is your brain on drugs. This is your brain being chopped up by a finally honed meat giver.
This is your brain in a blend. And this is your brain being stirred into a big pot of chili.
Brains. Real food for real people.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
Are you no labis in place for Mr. Abramoff?
Oh, how about a David?
One must starder of stained screen radio.
What do you know?
I'm thinking time. I ain't getting any older over here.
Look at my go for you.
I see him at Mr. Abramoff as an incarnation milk.
I'm taking his place, see?
And I'll have you know that I'm here to collect the big.
The big one's right, but famous with it.
What's the paper ready? You're getting too quickly.
Cannot shell out the dough, hub. You put it all in his briefcase right here.
What's the meaning of this?
We are kicker bull, kicker.
And we get a kick out of you, kicker.
No way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no.
Let me ask you something over here.
Yes, wait, man.
Who's the bull?
Will you never get in to you?
Do you really sniff or head whatever it would be?
And get him out.
Get him out.
I'll see you here.
It's 11.2560 W.
Here's a fact from Bill who says from Pat Lanna,
where everything is fried, including the people.
He says, my all-time favorite is dots.
And how about screaming yellow zonkers?
Great for the much.
He's don't think they make those anymore.
Didn't we talk about that yesterday?
Screaming yellow zonkers?
And the onkers?
I forgot.
But they're not on this list.
I don't have any reading how he's again now.
I am. That's what my dog was talking about.
But dots.
So I looked up dots.
And you know what they are?
I hate them.
I think I do.
They're like dots, formerly known as mason dots.
And they're like, they also made licorice dots.
It's called black crows.
But these are assorted fruit flavored gum drops.
And they're like slimy.
In other words, you chew into them and they're like,
I don't like slimy candy.
And they're another movie candy.
Yeah, I always like that.
I don't eat that.
What's that?
I'm going to bill it.
They come in a 2.25 ounce box.
The case of 24 boxes is 1799.
And if you don't need a whole case,
single boxes for only 179 cents each.
On the pack, what is it?
Pick a bag.
Pack a bag page.
Or you could go with that pack a bag page and like,
you know, a couple of these, one of them and those and these.
And just kill yourself on this stuff.
Couldn't you?
You could.
This is a great website.
Thanks a lot, Gary Surnay, you jackass.
Hey Gary.
You fairy.
And here's the fact.
Long when it says Ron and Fett has given plug to blog glass today.
Apparently Fett's had a massive heart attack.
And this story that he's diabetic.
How do you like that?
Hmm.
By the way, Blobbo is not doing so well,
but we sent him our best.
He's having a tough time.
And this story, and you know, here on the day that we're talking about candy
and killing people with food, not a good combination.
Sorry, Blobbo.
From monsters and critics, people in the news,
Buster Rhymes slash gay fan attack.
Buster Rhymes had lashed out of the gay fan who tapped him on the shoulder.
Well, excuse me.
The incident happened as the rapture.
Now, if that came into lobby and as you were walking out,
I tapped you on the shoulder.
Would you get all bent out of shape?
I give him a Buster Rhymes at the head.
Just a tap on the shoulder.
What a problem.
Love tap on the shoulder.
And I see now you're extending it.
Just as long as he didn't extend it,
the incident happened as the rapture turned actor was leaving
the 11th Street Diner and I'm his 20th South Beach just 50 really hours of Sunday.
This past Sunday.
How come we didn't know about this?
Well, we didn't know.
I wouldn't have seen Thomas Barker told America's New York Post newspaper.
The restaurant was packed with transvestites,
gay men and drag queens, which obviously made Buster a little bit edgy.
Why don't you find Josh in that restaurant?
Well, it's the 11th Street Diner.
When a young gay guy came up with a Buster Rhymes attack him on the shoulder
and congratulated him on his recent comeback,
he added before the guy could even mutter a word,
Buster turned around and repeatedly screamed,
why the f you touching me, man?
Get the f away from me.
Why you f in, it's claimed the breaking of the rapture
then whispered to one of his bodyguards.
I hate faggot's man.
Oh, I hate f in faggot's.
What about the Hollywood?
Let's stop that from him.
Yeah, Rhymes has believed to still be upset by the murder of one of his minders
and longtime friends, Israel Ramirez in February.
Oh, Israel Ramirez, good Jewish boy.
The father of a few was fatally shot in the chest outside of Brooklyn warehouse
in New York where the rapture been filming music video
with fellow hip hop legend Missy Elliott and G unit members Tony Yayo and Lloyd Banks.
I'm gonna let someone work on my Yayo.
Get that Yayo, by the way.
Oh, Yayo, what do I know?
Yayo, Yayo, Yayo, Tony Yahu and Lloyd Banks.
Yayo.
Where'd he go to school?
Probably Yayo.
Think?
Doubted.
Yeah.
Maybe he was there with your president.
Yayo.
I got an article here that I'm so excited about it.
It makes my knees rigid.
Oh, this is so good.
Because I'm the one been screaming about MSNBC.
Why do you want it out too far?
Why do you have to have Chris Matthews on their phone?
He will only and that right wing Rita Krosby from Fox who can't speak
and they've got with a bow tie, mother Tucker Carlson,
and every other Nazi that comes down to play.
Why?
That's the obvious.
If you want to be audience.
Why?
And here's the proof and the pudding finally happened.
I'm right toward yesterday about Keith Oberman beat the pants over that stupid bitch.
Right?
I'm CNN.
Paul is one of the people to be more self-thinkable.
Well, Paul, huh?
Well, Paul.
That's stupid bitch when you're talking about that.
That one, yeah.
I was supposed to all the other ones like Mrs. Limbaugh and Earl Phillips and Dana Bash.
Don't leave out solid ad with a little shrunken head.
Hey, solid ass law potatoes, okay?
He's just a bim bet.
How do you say this name?
Sank?
U-Y-G-U-R.
Oi, oi.
Oi.
Oi.
Okay.
Anyways, then the Huffington Post and the Astoria's headline Oberman proves the obvious.
And I've been saying this for a long time,
but when somebody else says it was got a little bit of credibility,
he says, I'm federal queen on a radio who's talking about candy all day,
then it has some significance.
By the way, this mind survivor, this guy's wife is big as a house.
Something like she's in the family way or anything like that.
She's not pregnant.
She's just a cow.
Oh, good god almighty.
I just put it on there.
Anna, that's three people.
People all morning long they've been hucking us with this soul survivor.
And did you notice the other guy is skinny as a rail?
The guy who's arrived for a husband, yeah.
Yeah.
Fat and skinny.
What's about...
He's got some issues, you know.
Yeah.
He had collapsed long, he had kidney damage.
Yeah.
And we'll look at him.
He's like in the Lala land.
He's like shuffling around, right?
Yeah, he's like, you need to eat those fat.
He survived though.
Yes, he did.
That's say, go mine.
He survived.
Yeah.
Oh, he's patting him on the back.
You know what he's saying?
He's because she's eating all the food.
Keith Oberman just made everyone's job easier, right?
Sink.
From now on, it'll be easier to criticize the administration on television.
It'll be easier for liberals to get hired in the media.
It'll be easier for television executives to make programming decisions.
And most importantly, it'll be easier to get the truth to the American people.
For some time now, I've been saying that TV executives are crazy,
not to book counter programming on cable news by putting a liberal alternative
to the countless conservative talk shows on TV.
This is especially true when most of the country can't stand this Republican president.
It doesn't take a genius to figure out that if the president has a pro-operating in the 30s...
That perhaps people would watch a show that takes the opposite side of the president.
Fox News created an empire by opposing a president, and Clinton was much more popular than Bush.
It might not take a genius to figure this out, and thank God, thanks God,
because TV programmers are no geniuses, but one thing they do exceedingly well is
copy whatever works.
Now that Oberman has proved my point right by moving past CNN in the ratings,
TV executives should be scrambling as we speak to get more opposition voices on the air.
Anyone got filled on a huge number?
No, not him again.
That's his old ass off again.
Talk show hosts are famous for taking credit.
And how about that great show with what's his name?
What's his name?
The wrestler, Jesse of Enture.
Oh, right.
He did one show.
And that was about the shortest TV experiment in history.
It was like the first time Letterman was on a year.
He did well, I think, less than one week.
Some kind of a daytime talk show at 12.30 in the afternoon, remember that?
And that was the end of that, and then they stuck him on with everybody was asleep.
Talk show hosts are famous for taking credit for their predictions,
which are usually fudged or already obvious.
I totally the sun would rise tomorrow, and it did.
I'm no exception.
My prediction falls into the patently obvious category.
Here's one example of what I had been saying about the promising possibilities of liberal programming on cable news.
How about this very strategic direction?
Put out at least one person will represent half the country we voted for a Democrat,
and who now can't stand bush.
That figures up to about 60% of the country at this point.
Does anyone want to make money in this country anymore?
More than half the TV audience is just sitting out there waiting to be scooped up,
and there is a one television executive sensible enough to go pick them up.
Oldman isn't anyone's definition of a flaming liberal.
Faming!
He's just a reasonable voice of opposition to the insanity and incompetence of this administration.
He doesn't make a big point about being a Democrat or liberal.
The mindology doesn't make this point at all, partly because it might not be true.
From time to time, he takes on the administration and he can share the talk show host,
and he does so with increasing fervor.
And would you look at that?
What do we see now but much better ratings?
His ratings have gone up 41% in the last year while Aureli has gone down 24%.
And he's just passed the insipid Paulazone.
By the way, when's the last time someone said,
hey, did you hear what Paulazone had to say?
Oldman is rallying from being significantly behind having practically no lead in.
Aureli has been around for much longer, and Oldman hasn't really come that close to catching him yet,
but obviously he's trending way up and Aureli is trending significantly down.
That's the kind of language TV program is going to understand.
Now imagine if he had a really strong voice of opposition on TV.
One thing Aureli does right is that he doesn't miss his words or hide his positions,
though he does comically pretend to be fair and balanced.
Like him or not, Aureli is a booming voice for his side.
Now imagine if the opposition had an equally strong voice on the other side.
In the latest polls, not only is Bush's disapproval rating newer or above 60%,
but is strongly disapproved numbers and astounding 45%.
Strongly disapproved, that basically means 45% of the country hates him, like poison.
Imagine how excited they would be to tune into a program which unabashedly takes on this president.
Oldman's ratings are the tip of the iceberg.
TV execs are going to start rushing to the lifeboat soon and try to find liberal shows.
If you're still uncomfortable with the word liberal because you've been brainwashed by the right into believing it's a dirty word,
then use some other word to describe the majority of the country that doesn't support his administration,
but arose by another name smells just as sweet when the ratings come in.
One rating success gets another.
The first one's in on the trend benefit most.
Oldman already has a leg up and God bless him, he's earned it.
The question is, who's next? Will it be Jack Cafferty at CNN?
Can you believe they hired the loads some Glenn Bechtia that they instead of just one person represents the other whole half of the country?
But hey CNN, Titanic are all decked chairs in place?
I don't know who's next, but I do know there's now hope for the future.
We're a long way from a balanced conversation on cable TV,
having as many liberal hosts as conservative hosts still seems unimaginable,
but we will get there one rating success story at a time.
So Overnor might have taken one small step for MSNBC,
but he's taken one giant leap for the country on the Huffington Post.
I like that. Did I just say that?
I haven't taken that for a long time.
He's the only one and Jack Cafferty occasionally,
and of course, Lou Dobbs during his born again conversion to anti-bushism.
Or is that Bush, that bumper sticker?
Oh, yeah, I'm gonna read it.
Because it had the word, the essay, the word and had the iword.
Right. Just amazing to me.
Who am I to choose?
As long as they read stuff, that's fine,
because Josh works feverishly on it.
He could be out having a good time with Zach on the 11th Street diner.
But no, he sits there working over a hot computer.
1222 votes already.
Ready for that?
Ready. Look at that.
LA agrees to pay family a slain rapper a million bucks.
Natorious B.I.G.
Who's real crime?
Who's real name, actually, with Christopher Wallace?
Who's real crime?
I like it.
It's very, the C. Mrs. Limbaugh, she can't get it all straight enough.
His real crime was what they called music.
That was a crime against humanity.
Now, 1222 votes, but I don't want to read all of these.
Do I go down a whole list?
I'll give it to the leaders.
It's too many on here.
What's your all-time favorite candy?
Not necessarily a candy bar.
Candy, something sweet.
I know what Zach would say.
Yeah?
Well, Snickers 138.
He just joshed.
138.
Reese's 97 now.
Maybe you can explain to me again, because I don't like Mushi candy in the first place.
And although I do like peanut butter by itself, it's Mushi, so I don't like it in the candy.
I don't like peanut butter by itself, and I'll tolerate it with chocolate.
But the job will have to explain it.
But what's the difference between Reese's and Reese's pieces?
Reese's pieces does not have chocolate.
It's peanut butter with a candy coating.
Fae.
Someone was like, I mean, I have a bed inside.
Double-fae.
Snickers 138.
Reese's 070.
97.
Oh, I don't...
That's Reese's peanut butter cup.
I'm assuming.
M and M is 45.
M and M peanut 34.
Hershey bar 33.
Well, I'm going to tell you.
You people are also like vanilla ice cream, I'm sure.
Hershey bar, your favorite candy?
Kicked hat 31.
Butterfinger has got...
BOTTERD MAN.
And Mounds also has got...
BOTTERD MAN.
Two months from here is 28.
Twix 27.
I'll enjoy 26.
What did Josh leave?
Has he got a hot day at the lab?
Yeah, that's right.
That's right.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Baby Ruslan.
Hey, listen, I got news for you.
It's better to be wanted.
You know, you can't always be wanted by whom you want to be wanted,
but it's better to be wanted.
Better to be in demand.
Well, I should be happy about this then.
But you're not.
Baby Ruslan 24.
Heath bar 24.
That's good stuff.
Oh, see, I can't make up my mind between score and heath bar.
Heath bar, I think, is a little more toffee-ish.
You know what I mean?
Right?
I mean, they're both toffee and cyber.
Milky Way 22.
Chunky 21.
Now, Chunky, that's the square of the chunk.
Right, the big block of chocolate.
Right.
100 grand 19, Turtles 19.
I'll wear you to the few of these.
Lickrish 18.
Watch him recall his card 17.
Raisinets 16.
Oh, raisinets!
Oh!
I got a pair of those.
I guess Philke's just thinking about that, huh?
I said, I got a pair of those.
Oh, seriously?
Raisinets?
Those are nasty.
They're, they're, whatever.
They're nasty.
They're, they're, they're like an accident.
Like somebody spilled chocolate on a bag of raisins.
Goobers are better.
Yeah, goobers.
We had lots of goobers.
How's the goob or pile doing?
It's fine.
Is he doing just fine?
You're fairy.
Let him 15 already at 5.60 W.
You can't over your back.
Backship station.
Well, he's older than Turkey.
And all of his parts are.
So my quality says you'll call it quick.
He's been there for a while.
All his clothes are to sky.
He's been there for a while.
He's got gray hair under his armpits.
Oh, 16 minutes is sad.
They're losing their granddad.
But like Wallace says, it's time he goes.
Just as here in Chantin, he bleeds alive.
He's got the bangin' sound of his nose.
And he wears glasses when windshield's flying
for something even soon.
He's got tight frilly, he's got cataracts.
He's got a few hard times.
He's got liver spots.
It is his room.
We have the stuff time.
Make him poop.
We've undergone bears.
They're like Wallace.
It's 11.20.
It's 5.16.
Guess what we left one off it should be so obvious.
It's on this list, by the way.
Yeah, and probably unique among all the candies.
Because it's the real and the A8, huh?
That's it, really.
Yes.
It's the only one you ate in this particular way.
All right, over this, out of this fencer.
Pez.
Right.
Right.
Pez.
We just had a thing about Fez, didn't we?
Mm-hmm.
We was at about to run whatever his name is, Fendington.
Anyway, Pez.
Right.
Pez candies.
Uh-huh.
And you put poppin' in your dispenser that looks like a cigarette lighter.
Mm-hmm.
And just keep, keep popping out.
Okay.
And Pez would shoot right out of there.
No, in fact, I just heard for the next fundraiser
we're going to have Neal Roder's Pez dispensers.
Shake like your head.
I got a news for you.
I got to be an improvement of what they did this year.
Really weak.
Really?
What do we got?
$20,000, $40,000?
Something like that?
Something like that.
Very, very weak.
It's the bad idea all the way around.
You don't get it in the game anytime soon, so don't worry about it.
The pressure's off.
1,044 votes on the poll.
Yeah, QA must turn out to be a real bananza when it comes to raising money.
We found that out right from the get-go.
It turned out to be a big joke like, oh, well, what's this all about, huh?
My goal is 300,000.
Sam the sham.
He put the sham in Sam.
All time favorite candy.
I'm only reading the top of you.
Snickers, 142, Reese's 101.
Reese's, oh, M&M is 46.
M&M peanut, 34.
And Hershey bar 34.
And Butterfinger, 31.
And Kit Kat, 31.
Kit Kat sucks too.
And Monsudo.
Kit Kat, my ass.
They'll think.
Oh.
Yeah, we don't have that to a Schmidt Kat one anymore.
I looked at that.
Not in mine.
Really?
I'm looking for, no, I haven't even gotten it.
I got this though.
Yeah.
And we got chef.
What's the name of that thing?
Is he encoding both the surers?
Okay.
Yeah, we already played that last week.
I think once every six months is safe for that.
Bob, the track is in Harvey Wasserman.
Remember them?
Yes.
All the surers are read about the voting scandals, all the fake machines.
Well, they've got the co-authors of how the GOP stole America's 2004 election and is
rigging 2008 available at FreePress.org.
They're also co-editors with Steve Rosenfeld, a what happened in Ohio, is soon to be published
by new press.
And this story from Columbus Free Press is, is the mainstream media finally getting half the
rig voting machine's story.
It says, the fact that electronic voting machines don't work may finally be sinking into a segment
of the mainstream media.
The fact that evoting machines can have been and will be used to steal elections continues
to go unreported.
At least the corporate media has moved from framing the allegations of evoting fraud as conspiracy
theory into reporting epic horizontal election results.
Both USA and the New York Times have run recent articles on the mechanical problems surrounding
electronic voting that mirror much about happening during the theft of the presidential election
in Ohio in 2004.
March 28th, USA Today's Front Page reported that primary voting machines troubles raised
concerns for the general election.
The story focused on primary and Illinois in Texas were all two familiar problems,
including more votes being counted than they were registered voters and thousands of
votes missing from a recount.
Even Texas voters couldn't ignore the fact that an initial ballot tally in Fort Worth showed
150,000 votes, even though there were only one third that many voters.
You hear that?
I heard it.
The initial ballot tally from the voting machine showed 150,000 votes, even though there
only about a third that many people voted.
The conservative Republican candidate for the Texas Supreme Court believes he was a legitimate
winner and a racially seem to have lost.
Various reports indicate there were vote counts in the election that were like many in Ohio
in 2004, simply not credible.
In other words, right.
On March 23rd, the Times editorialized and supported by unanimous resolution by the Maryland
legislature to dump die-bowled touch screens and use optiscan paper-based systems instead.
The movie's just the latest indication that common sense is starting to prevail in
the battle over electronic voting said the Times.
The USA Today article featured a graph showing the hundreds of millions of dollars being
spent out of the Help America Vodak Hava to install electronic voting machines in key
states as California, New York, Texas, Florida, Illinois, Pennsylvania, and Ohio.
Yet the evoting machines are just part of the digital problem facing U.S. voters.
Die-bowls election software packages and fuel.
Many activists describe as one stop shopping for election fraud.
Most of the evoting machine companies also sell software that create digital electronic
voter registration databases and the Cleveland-Aurine estimated 7,000 voters were knocked off
the voter registration rules when Taya Hogue or County Board of Elections adopted the
die-bowled registration system.
The evoting machine companies can control everything electronically from voter registration
to election day vote recording to final vote tabulation in recounting whatever the
LA want.
Needs at the Times, New York, USA, the Nurendio of the Major National Publications has been
willing to take the problem to its logical conclusion.
None have seriously investigated how these very electronic machines were used to help
steal the presidential election in Ohio in 2004 or to defeat two electoral reform issues
in Ohio 2005 or to swing KUIS-Center races in places such as Georgia, Minnesota, Colorado
in 2002.
But the fact that these publications are finally acknowledging the obvious overwhelming
mechanical glitches with these machines is at least a start.
Now that the government accountable to the office's confirmed electronic voting equipment
is easily hackable for mass vote stealing and now that the Times, New York, USA, have reported
that there are serious mechanical problems with these machines, maybe somebody of one of
these media outlets will find the company obvious conclusion.
Electronic voting machines are merely high-tech devices designed to steal elections and that
precisely is why George W. Bush is in the White House today.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is by 1628.
The White House is a very powerful and powerful country.
The White House is a very powerful country.
The White House is a very powerful country.
The White House is a very powerful country.
The White House is a very powerful country.
The White House is a very powerful country.
The White House is a very powerful country.
The White House is a very powerful country.
The White House is a very powerful country.
The White House is a very powerful country.
The White House is a very powerful country.
The White House is a very powerful country.
The White House is a very powerful country.
The White House is a very powerful country.
The White House is a very powerful country.
The White House is a very powerful country.
The White House is a very powerful country.
The White House is a very powerful country.
The White House is a very powerful country.
The White House is a very powerful country.
The White House is a very powerful country.
The White House is a very powerful country.
The White House is a very powerful country.
I just turned on the radio station.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it.
Millions have converted for fun and profit.
Now you two can turn your pagan ways around at Earl Stripesys.
That's right.
Listen to one of our successful graduates.
For I can, I shall own Malach, for I can.
At Earl Stripesys, we'll convert anyone into a Jew.
Malach, for I can, for I can.
Translated means, sorry, I must have left my wallet at home.
Millions, for I can, for I can.
Translated means, stewardess, did you make sure to give me a kosher meal?
Millions, Malach, Malach, Haqadosh Bahouk.
Translated, yes, rabbi, the check is in the mail.
Yes, you two can convert into a Jew for just 99.95 at Earl Stripesys.
Now, and get a free Yard's Light candle for just $10.
Earl Stripesys, we'll convert any goi for just 99.95 or more if we can.
How to have a necessary backwards for Christ's sake?
From 31 to 56, you don't say for Christ's sake, I need to piss off the glim.
Speaking of that, Supreme Court Justice Antenna Scalia, in a skating weather,
the editor of the Boston Herald accused the newspaper staff of watching too many episodes of the sopranos,
for interpreting a hand gesture he made at a cathedral as a scene.
To back his interpretation of the gesture, and it wasn't the finger, they didn't get that wrong.
Right, it was the arm on the bicep.
No, it wasn't that either.
Really?
The fingers left hand under the chin.
Right, right.
The back is interpretation of the gesture.
Scalia, in a letter quoted from Luigi Barzini's book The Attentions.
Remember Luigi Barzini was Barzini all along.
The extended fingers of one hand moving slowly back and forth under the raised chin
means I couldn't care less, it's no business of my count me out.
Like Harry Lewis in the playboy said, count me out.
It's a Sicilian message as in...
Local brass, he sleeps with the fishers.
Yeah, that was also a Sicilian message.
Anyway, I made a growing national controversy about the gesture that Scalia made Sunday.
The cathedral of the Holy Cross.
The freelance photographer who captured the moment has come forward with a picture and there it is.
You'll see it on our website, I just... maybe you won't.
I tried to send it along, but for some... Alexa's acting up.
Oh, there it is.
Can't believe it.
Is it going to send the right thing?
Oh yeah.
Let's see if it actually sends it or if this is just a false alarm.
Alexa's been spastic today.
It has its days, you know.
It's sitting there.
It's getting ready to send it to a friend or an enemy or anybody else, but it's not working.
Anyway, it's an accurate and deceptive, I'm going to say there was no vulcurity in the moments
that Peter Smith, the Boston University assistant, photojournalist and professor who made the shot.
Despite Scalia's insistence that the Sicilian gesture was not offensive and had been incorrectly characterized by the Boston Herald as a scene,
the photographer said the newspaper got the story right.
Smith said the jurist immediately knew he'd made a mistake and said, you're not going to print that are you?
Scalia's office yesterday referred questions regarding the fact that he's supreme court spokeswoman Kathy Arbery,
who said that the letter Scalia sent to the Herald offending of Jester at the Cathedral speaks for itself and he has no further comment.
It's a Sicilian message.
Smith was working as a freelance photographer for the Boston Archdiocese Weekly News Paper, a special man's for lawyers Sunday.
When a Herald reporter asked the justice, how he responds to critics of my question is impartiality as a judge given his public worship.
The judge paused for a second and looked directly into my lens and said to my critics, I say, va fun, coolo.
Well, punctue in the department.
I bet yeah, exactly.
Punchue in the comment by flicking his right hand out from under his chin.
You talking to me?
Yeah.
The attack and phrase means F you.
Yesterday, Herald reporter Laurel J. Sweet agreed with Smith's accomplice and he didn't hear Sutter, Scalia, out of the of Senity.
In his letter, he denied the gesture was obscene claim that his claim is to plain to mean to sweet a point both he and Smith dispute.
He went on to cite Barzini's book, The Italians, which described a seemingly different gesture.
The extended fingers of one hand will be slowly back and forth under the raised chin and its meaning.
Well, that's how he was doing.
It was flicking him out.
That's right.
Flicking.
How could you report a leak to the conclusion contrary to my explanation of gesture was obscene, Scalia wrote quite easily a corned expert, even if the gesture said offer more than a two word explanation.
That's Sicilian Sunday.
That was his explanation.
There's no answer is to what it really means because those gestures have different meanings and different locations.
Even the neighboring locations said Janet Bavallis University of Victoria BC psychologist who studied human gestures.
The gesture typically means I don't know in Portugal, no, and Napoli, you are lying in Greece and I don't give a damn in northern Italy, France and Tunisia.
So they would be givens of the Center for a nonverbal studies in Spokane.
See it all depends on where you said.
That's right.
So there you go.
It's just a shout of your mouth.
Oh, that thing finally went through there.
So Josh, you got the picture there, Scalia the gesture, either today or tomorrow.
I want whenever you want to put it.
I want whenever you get around it.
Although first I listen to this story.
Okay.
Okay.
Well, it's got to do with your hero.
Oh, my hero?
No, not Zach, not that hero, the other one.
Majorly baseball will investigate let's steroids used by Barry Barnes and other players in Panstar, former US Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell to lead the effort.
Remember that story we had the Mike Luford historian from the Daily News yesterday?
Yes.
Well, he had a stomach on it.
He had a stomach on the pulse.
He's a little turd.
A baseball official told the AP on Wednesday that final pants would be announced today.
It's coming any minute.
And the news too.
The official spoke on condition and anemity like all these netwits because Commissioner Bud Sealick has made his incense in public.
But Sealick's decision to launch the pro first report yesterday by ESPNN comes in a wake of Game of Shadows that book by the two chronicle reporters from Frisco detailing alleged extensive steroid use by bonds and other baseball stars.
Commissioner said for several weeks he was evaluating how to respond to the book.
Some in Congress have called for another independent investigation.
Oh, let's get to Mark Mcguire back up on there to deal with the future certainly not the past.
Mitchell, a main Democrat director of the Boston Red Sox, has been director of the Florida Marlins.
I didn't know that.
Did you know that?
Well, he has been a director of the Marlins and served on the economic study committee that Sealick put in 1999.
It's possible involvement was first mentioned yesterday in the New York Times.
The name of a lawyer who will run the mechanics of the probe also was to be announced.
No matter what the findings of investigation will be difficult for baseball to penalize anyone for steroids used prior to September 30th.
2002 when a joint drug agreement between management and the players association took effect baseball began drug testing in 2003 started testing with penalties the following year.
I will only comment on things about various on field performance or contractual status says agent Jeff Boris.
It's unclear whether current or former players of cooperate with an investigation or could be forced to do so.
Gene Orzoli, major chief operating officer to majorly pay association with mom, he declined comment.
Game of shadows details alleged use of performance enhancing drugs by bonds for least five seasons beginning after the 1998 season.
And after hours mentioned, left for Mitchell, his New York office wasn't immediately returned yesterday.
The daily news first reported March 16 that Sealick would launch investigation.
And who cares if it's a new anyway, but Sealick, but lighted him, come close to describing.
Other way, Ed and four-lettered else says the white chocolate alpine bar was one of my favorites.
Don't like white chocolate. See you talk about things that are sickeningly sweet.
Yeah, don't like chocolate.
Nauseatingly sweet.
It's not really chocolate.
It's chocolate.
No.
It's not like nor lens.
The white chocolate alpine bar was one of my favorite things is that I know I stopped eating all I'd jump food.
I'd drop 36 pounds of my blood pressure and sugar levels back to normal.
You go at night strong when I try to force anybody, although those Mary Jane sound awfully, awfully enticing to me, awfully appealing.
Because the molasses in them when you bite down on that chewy, a Mary Jane.
That's a bit of honey.
Yeah, it's a bit of honey.
Which you have a bit of honey is sweet.
It's good.
But in the Mary Jane, the molasses kind of like the whole season sign.
Oh, you don't like molasses?
Don't like molasses.
Oh my god.
Yeah.
The molasses syrup, you ever had that like on your flop jacks?
I don't eat no flop jacks.
That's all carbs, man.
Bunch of fraffles.
I mean, you have in your life had molasses syrup, I'm sure it's nasty.
Probably.
Yeah.
Well, it's good enough for the woodpeckers.
Yeah, they could have my share.
And who else eats that?
Who else eats that?
One of their kind of animal eats out of the tree.
The deer?
One other animal sticks its nose in there.
Bears?
Bears stick their snout in there?
Yeah, but they're looking for a bit of honey.
Oh, the much better.
No, Mary Jane's are better.
Maybe I just order.
Not a lot.
Maybe like 10 cases or something like that.
Just, you know, I have one or two now and now.
I love to put you over the top.
I have a body off the egg.
21 to a one.
Let's see.
But it's always taken a long time today.
It just seems like forever we've been here, isn't it?
To my imagination.
I think since the Josh turned Zach down, I was like kind of like, I don't know.
Was the turning point.
Telled Zach to send a picture.
Got your picture now.
Let's see his picture.
You probably looks like Zach cramps, you know.
Just a headshot, Zach.
We don't need nothing to do.
Oh, no.
We want to see the whole body.
The full frontal view.
Naked.
Oh, God.
Remember when we used to do that?
What were we going to do that again?
We were thinking about over the summer.
Oh, yeah, when you were on, right?
Well, you were both on, but, you know.
No, I like something.
So, I think, gimmicky to a couple's contests.
Right, boy, you have some chinsy prizes, whatever.
Yeah.
And those guys, all those queens would send those,
full frontal nude.
Oh, oh.
Hey, Ron Jeremy, look like Tom Brady.
This is new.
This is 516 Q.
Oh, they found it.
Oh, they found it.
Oh, they found it.
Oh, they found it.
Oh, they found it.
Oh, they found it.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
I found it.
I found it.
I found it.
I found it.
I found it.
I found it.
I found it.
I found it.
I found it.
It's got to be it.
I found it.
Now, you will, yeah.
You might go.
You will bust a lump.
You will have a lump.
You might probably go fast.
You will have to run.
I am like this.
I am like this.
I am like this.
I'm going to take a dashboard as a diver in an actual spelling to your content, too.
His only person I know could take an Italian confession and turn it into a Jewish deli thing.
You see how he spelled GR delis?
No.
It's GHIAR, DELI, maybe two L's.
He's got GR delis chocolate delis in like delicate testing.
But EO.
Greg, EO, all right.
Nice going, guys.
The heli.
He's leaving.
I'm here.
What do you want me to say?
You're going to fix it?
No, he can't fix it.
You're right.
I won't leave it up there.
Eric also has to take, it's my bad.
I played that bit and it confused me.
Because the conduct bar is like an ice cream sandwich.
You should have corrected me.
I tried to keep it.
You talked over me.
It's an ice cream sandwich.
When you were describing that ice cream bar, I said clandike bar and you didn't hear me.
Oh.
Why was it a Scramble One ice cream bar?
You were describing an ice cream sandwich.
Oh, what that one candy looked like.
No.
No, because the conduct bar isn't round.
But, uh, necessarily the best one that's round.
That's big and fat and tasteless.
Just absolutely.
Anyway, so this fact here says you're right.
It's not candy clandike bar.
You're correct.
I'd also said that fiddle faddle crunchy munch and poppy carker.
We've just reached next.
It's not really candy.
I don't know if you were that.
At all.
Do you?
Whatever.
Why not pick?
Get out of here.
If crackerjack is candy, with nobody with this or you without it, how can those other ones
not do the same thing?
That's all right.
Yeah.
Tone is right.
My favorite one has to be gummy bears.
It says with starbursts for close second.
We don't have either one of them on it.
Do we?
We better.
Okay.
Gummy bears, you MMI, gummy bears.
Not to be confused with DR-DR-Delly.
Oh, God.
DR is Delly.
Great grief.
I know he's the sushi guy.
With starbursts, do we have starbursts on there?
I thought we did.
Maybe we don't.
I don't really care.
I don't like them anyway.
No, I'm not picking them up.
But it's not what we like.
It's what they like.
It's what we like.
It's what they like.
There are different things, man.
There are a lot of these people in their tush.
Oh, God.
We don't have that on there.
Starbursts.
But we will now.
And gummy bears.
All time favorite candy.
This poll is more popular than Jesus.
232 votes.
What would Jesus eat?
What would his favorite candy be?
He probably would.
No, you know we didn't put on here either the Cadbury eggs.
Okay.
The little ones, you know the ones I'm talking about.
Right. Well, they're like milk, melted milk balls, aren't they?
No, they're not malt.
Are you talking about the ones with the goo inside?
No, not at all.
No, not the, those are bigger ones.
I'm talking about the little hard ones.
Hard chocolate would like a different flavor or a cut.
Or coatings on the outside.
Okay.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
Everybody eats those.
They're a million times the Easter candy.
Oh, they're just nauseatingly, sickeningly sweet.
That's what Jesus would eat.
Just in an honor of Easter.
I can't believe he ate halibut.
Maybe that sugar-free halibut, like your accountant was handing out.
Maybe the squirts.
1232.
Snickers 170.
Reese's peanut butter cups 120.
They didn't do that just to piss me off.
I'm going to take a look at people like him.
I said he likes them.
Yeah, a lot of people like them.
M&M is 53.
You see how far?
Those two over 100.
Everybody else is not even gnollal contendling.
What the hell are these guys?
What the hell was that?
What do you talk about?
On the CNN.
I don't know.
A couple of young guys that I just showed the protesters.
Right up in each other's face.
What they were about to do something.
M&M is 53.
M&M peanut 38.
Butterfinger 38.
KitKat 37.
Hershey bar 36.
As pedestrian as vanilla ice cream.
In fact, to me, Hershey bar is the just plain Hershey bar by itself.
It's the vanilla ice cream of candy.
I agree.
I mean, is there any doubt about it?
And it's soft, too.
I haven't even eaten in the fridge.
Well, we don't want to get person now.
But I mean, anybody that goes into a drug store or a convenience store where they got like,
or like a, you know, a mini-mart where they got 75,000 different kinds of candy.
And they pick out our plain Hershey bar or even a Hershey bar with nuts.
I mean, to me, that's somebody I'd want to avoid at all costs, depending on what they looked like.
Three musketeers 33.
Mounds 32.
Twix 31.
I'm enjoy 31.
Heath bars got 30, man.
Now, let's see.
Score's only got 18 and he's got 30.
See, I would disagree with that.
Although, you know something, I better taste test them again.
They're very, very similar, when you say?
Yes, yes they are.
Baby Route 26, Milky Way 26, chunky 24.
Just a big chunk of chocolate.
100 grand 23, Turtles 20.
What's wrong with Turtles, man?
Those are good.
Nothing like that.
They're good.
They're good.
They're good.
There's a whole different bunch of people making.
Nestleys, snow caps 19, licorice 19, score 18.
What's your McCullough 18?
Reason at 17, payday 17.
Milky Way dark 17, Call of St. Major, tell me finally you got popular.
Cadbury 17, melted milk balls 16, chocolate salty balls is coming on there.
Mars bar 16, Woppers 14.
That's probably great reads favorite.
Woppers, he told so many.
Lint 14, Clark bar 13.
Only 13 for Clark bar, the Charleston Chuse got 12.
Dove 10, Nestleys Crunch 9.
It's got like Rice Krispies in it.
Oh, jelly beans, that's not well, let me ask you this.
I don't think it's a sweet treat, but it's not candy.
The Rice Krispies, the marshmallow, yeah.
Rice Krispies treats.
Rice Krispies treats, right.
Which now you'll find those in convenience store already made for you.
So you don't have to melt the butter in the marshmallow and do all that.
Those are not candy.
Look, right?
Right.
Like they're good.
Like brownies are candy.
And how about Fudge?
Fudge is candy.
Fudge is candy.
So we put Fudge?
How about Fudge Brown?
Since it's almost time for the dolphins to do that big draft.
How about Fudge Brown?
All right.
Her band of renault.
Let's just put Fudge.
Okay, thanks for reminding us that Condiq Bar, that's my bad, that's really stupid.
Condiq Bar is an ice cream bar.
And not a very good one either by the way, really sucks.
Bad.
I see there's quite a, uh, Simis going on here with the police striking back at a poor guy's
trying to do his job for Channel 4.
Right, that's been on the TV, that story.
A real hole if there ever was one that cop.
If you see a video, if you've seen it.
Yes, he was.
And he was doing a series on the complaint process at police departments at Dayton Broward.
They're sending up officers and instigating confrontations and filing complaints with various
agencies.
Here's how it works.
Now this is from the Broward County Police, uh, PBA, Veneville Association.
I'm not going to say that word.
A white male and a red Mustang convertible speeds down the road.
Later, the same car, this time with a black male driving, it will appear in the same area
driving slowly.
If the car is pulled over by the police, the occupant will become hostile and accuse the officer
of profiling, trying to pick a fight.
If the officer responds negatively, he complains filed with his or her department.
They are currently back on the street, the station plans to do a follow-up report for the
May sweeps period.
This is a warning to the, you know, and it shows here, although I can't make out the picture,
uh, newer model Ford Mustang convertible, red with the black top and drive on my, my
driver Michael Curry.
Did you like it?
The page that had the, uh, the story that goes with this?
I got, well, you just relax and get into it.
Okay.
Well, you are.
I want to make sure I fact it.
Since we started with a damn Mary Wana thing, Mary Dane, out of control.
So anyway, here's the deal.
Oh, I see it.
Obviously they got two pictures, but the bottom one I don't see on this page.
They got Michael Curry's the white guy from Channel 4, and then there's a black guy from,
from hunger somewhere.
So here's the story from the Harold.
The personal information of an investigative reporter was posted prominently on a South Florida
police union's website after local TV stationery reported about how police and Dayton
Broward deal with the public.
The address, date of birth and driver's license number of WFORCBS4 reporter Mike Kersh was
posted as a Volvo or, be on the lookout.
On the website of the Barber County Police Benevolent Association, Volvo.
I thought that was a tie.
Did they wear those anymore?
I'd be psyched that back.
Cowboy lawyer, what's his name?
Oh, I think I would be a...
Oh, geez.
I would have to hat in the bulldozer.
I'd have to have my oaming.
Right.
We just saw him the other day ripping bush and ass on the way.
I know.
I have all the drivers.
I like him a lot. He's good.
At times.
Although he wrote an awful book about OJ.
He wrote a terrible book.
What the hell is his name?
I don't know.
No.
Volvo's typically issued by police departments when officers are looking for criminals
or missing persons.
The Volvo reads, Channel 4 News is doing a series on the complaint process that police
had just read that.
Kersh first learned about the Volvo.
From a colleague who saw the flyer in a stack of Volvo's at a local police station,
New Times reporter Jeff Stratton wrote about the Volvo last week.
Kersh's personal information is removed from the website about after a letter from the TV station's lawyer.
Kersh's photo is now on the site.
Alan Rosenthal on attorney for Channel 4, a Miami-Herald news partner, demanded that the union
remove the Volvo, calling it false in a violation of Florida and federal law,
that prohibit the disclosure of personal identifying information contained in motor vehicle records.
The reporter said the posting had concerned him and his family.
I told my wife about a Kersh that she's from Bosnia.
She said it sounds like the cops are going to war with you and you better be careful.
Kersh said the Volvo reminded me of this intimidation effect.
He said it might have a chilling effect and a news media establishment from doing their jobs
and questioning the system and government it's just disappointing.
Lucy Dalglish, executive director of the reports committee for the Freedom of Press Armament in Virginia,
said the Volvo absolutely is an attempt to intimidate.
It's abusive and downright stupid.
Stupid.
Do you ever hear such a thing as stupid cops?
No.
What a revolutionary thing that is.
In its hidden camera investigation conducted with a national watchdog group called the Police Complaints Center,
one person visited 38 agencies in Dayton, Browdo, Ask About Getting a Form to File a Complaint Against an Officer,
only three of the police departments had such forms.
Florida City, Homestead, Mime, Acquired at CBS 4.
The forms are not required by law, though they're recommended by the International Association of Chiefs of Poles.
Kersh noted that many departments, police, were courteous and professional, and others they were not.
After the piece, at least one agency plans to be examined in the process for filing complaints,
the BSO has made a public compliment complaint form, available in the lobby of the BSO stations.
BSO allows the person to file an anonymous complaint, provides many ways a person's form can be returned,
including sending it to BSO and Journal Affairs.
In another part of the investigation, check on racial profiling claims,
the white man and black man were given the same red must-name driving the wages.
I'll read you that.
Try to do like that.
Just poor guy.
What else is his name? Michael Kersh.
Never heard of him in Channel 4 News reporter, and they're trying to nail his ass.
Okay?
This is America for you.
Maybe it's the ol' like I told you, like with a bush grout.
Smirr and smirr.
It's the fascist specialty.
The speciality do you do your smirr and smirr.
You should have seen that video.
They did it with Hans Blix, they did it with the Scott Ritter, they did it with Richard Clark,
they did it with everybody who dared to tell the truth.
Smirr and smirr.
And then of course come to find out their own people like old Duke Cunningham and Tom Billy,
they're all bunch of crooks.
They're all stealing from the public till man.
They don't care about that.
It's part of the truth.
No, they're not.
That is their plan.
They're crooks not everybody else's.
1252 votes.
Well, we got a real shot at 1300 a day, which is an unlucky number.
This is New Roger.
Oh boy, it's the one to two hour.
I'm fluffy today, Georgia.
Get some permission and telly.
With my wife and your companions and prince, match and belly, they wish to come to entertain
and we had 28.
I went to shop around the leg of a tall man, she had to meet a group of my feeding
glaciers.
I had to remind her of her master, they were singing over the candle, the potato salad,
my dinner, a goat like a meat catcher, believe she said my lesson and kindness, she should
I be like you.
I'm standing here all day, I might think I'm like you.
I better get the halazar, or I could have be like you.
But Jamie, you're kidding, you're only a bunch of things.
I think they need to think and talk again.
I had to think that it's a lot of hop-up and shit.
I only hope that these eight trays nice and moist dry pastry makes me scratch.
You scratch your hoist.
I've grabbed my teeth as well as you've done a meeting, every day to leave before my gum start
cleaning, my wife said my cheer on my education.
I just thought I'd try a microbiome and get changed.
I said I should be embarrassed and I'm pulling a pod, they should only expect no one's
from a diaper wearing pod.
Can I imagine that the tightest iron affair I've ever had, I can go right now.
I'm just giving here.
We mostly come to Carbohydin and tend to follow the garbage,
to need a back-golden.
I need to take your cover now, wish.
He said, my kids, you show me a new place, you know.
I said, try the kitchen and learn how to cook.
Not that I should replace, I had enough milk.
To take home a dozen of those rice milk.
He was a smag, baby.
And he was the best.
What was his name?
I'm in Udelovic, so that's the Iraqi rabbi.
That's your rap and rabbi, the George went to see.
I actually had to tell you a lot about George's life.
He's Jews and Giles, he's big right now, what are you talking about?
He's big?
Yeah.
Oh, the lawyer is Jerry Spence, thanks for everything that must be marked again.
It's his...
It's Jerry Spence, thanks.
What did Mark was the best in that?
We don't have chocolate, what is it?
Chocolate, what?
Caramel creams.
What the hell is that?
Bulls eyes.
We don't have that on our pool.
Oh, take a look at that, you've got to look at the picture of it,
and you'll say, oh yeah, we talked about this before.
Go there.
Click on that website, by the way, thanks to Gary Sarner and Josh for, you know,
Josh tried about 10 times to email, let's me find out if he got it through.
I'm looking at...
For bulls eyes?
It's under...
Oh, okay, yeah.
Caramel creams.
Right.
Bulls eyes.
That's just the way...
You see those?
Yeah, those...
Oh, get out of here, those are great.
I don't like just caramel by itself.
But it's not by itself, it's got like inside, it's got vanilla cream on the chocolate.
Not chocolate.
What?
It's got stuff on the inside that isn't chocolate.
Caramel around the outside, vanilla cream in the middle, it's outstanding.
And two pound bag is only 599, roughly 75 pieces.
You can eat that by two o'clock.
You can have my shirt, I'll take the good and 20s.
And the best thing, well, wait a minute or this, which we haven't even discovered yet.
Did you notice that they have from the decade candyweight as a kid?
50, 60, 70s and 80s.
And of course being an old cout like I am, the 50s that ring a lot of bills with me.
And you can...candyweight as a kid from each of these decades is available in two and four pound assortments.
Ha ha ha ha!
Two and four...
Oh, I'll take four pounds, thank you.
In fact, give me like 10 orders of that.
Oh, and he's chopped off.
Oh no.
The candyweight as a kid from the 50s.
Fifth Avenue bar, I'll enjoy.
What is that?
Oh, anus, anus squares.
See, this is the right hand column, chopped off, and I hate that.
The atomic fireballs, baby Ruth, they would take me to midnight to read all these from the 50s.
Barley pops the Zooka bubblegum, baby bass, Beamens gum, did a honey, blackjack gum.
Oh, blackjack gum!
I also sold Beamens gum, blackjack and teaberry, it's also on here.
Was blackjack gum licorice?
Yeah, yeah, was black.
Was it just black?
Was like that.
That sounds good.
Yeah, why was good?
I like licorice.
You ever had blackjack gum?
Don't think so.
Before your time, I'm sure it was.
Blacksaffy, bond bonds, Boston baked Beans.
Those are nasty.
Those are like little red hots.
What do they call it?
Bun.
Yeah.
Burgpienas, butter finger.
Oh, Burgpienas are...
Oh, the Boston baked Beans is that what you're talking about?
No, yeah, Boston baked Beans.
Those are good.
They're little red, like red hot.
Yeah, they're not Beans, but Canada's something.
Candy buttons, candy cigarettes, candy drops, candy necklace, caramel cream, it's bull's eyes.
I don't care what you say, those are awesome.
Charleston shoes, cherry mash, chicko sticks.
Chicklets.
I still say that's gum.
It is.
They have all the gums on here, I don't know why.
Chocolate candy, it doesn't taste good.
Chocolate candy, it doesn't taste good.
Yeah.
Chuckles, chunky cinnamon toothpicks, circus peanuts, clarked by, clove, clove something.
See the right hand comb, chopped off.
Sorry.
Coconut snacks, cotton candy, crackerjack, crows, dinting gum, dots, mason dots, double bubble gum.
Fliers.
Oh, they got fliers on here?
Remember fliers bubble gum?
No.
French chew, that was bonimosa placement, that's taffy.
Google cluster, I got to find them Google clusters.
I'm going to order like a mix and match, 400 pounds.
Goober is good and plenty.
Now even you admit it would be like good and plenty.
I like good and plenty.
That's what they had.
He had rich and milk chocolate, Hershey's kisses, honeycomb peanuts, porcelain, milk tablets,
ice cubes, Indian van pumpkin seeds, jawbreakers, jelly nougat, jelly rings, jiu jiu-bis, jiu-jie fruits.
A lot of jiu candies on here.
Junior men's kits, lemon heads, licorice babies, licorice laces, licorice pipes.
Remember the old licorice pipe smoker?
Licorice snacks, licorice livers pipe.
Life savers.
Oh, let's put life savers on here, even though anybody would do it for that.
We're going to come to their house and kill them.
These are the raw ones, are they just a...
No, they're just so boring.
Oh my god.
I mean, you don't even think about that as candy.
Lick them aides, malo cups, marshmallow ice cream cones, merry jains, mm-hmm, milk duds, mounds, moon pie.
Oh yeah, they're like a moon pie.
Neko wafers, nesleys, no chocolate, nesleys crunch.
Something nips.
Oh, what do you call nips pie?
Wax syrup bottles.
Now you must remember those.
Oh sure.
Oh yeah, you'd bite off the top thing and drink off the nauseatingly, sickeningly sweet juice.
And it tasted like plastic.
The wax would get into the...
Oh, whatever you were drinking.
Oh, what's that, what's that name of those?
You just read it.
No, the first part is chopped off on here.
Something nips.
Oh, I don't know.
Buffy nips.
Nipsy rustle.
I don't want to go back to that website again.
Red rosy pucker nips.
Bottle nips, I don't know.
No.
Neko nips, Nikk-L-Nips.
Neko nips, wax bottles.
Oh Henry, orange slices.
Oh yeah.
And a variety of flavors.
Orange and green.
Tangerine.
Pea, peach buds.
Peanut butter bars.
Peanut brittle.
Peppermint panty.
Peas.
Tinters, peanut bar popcorn balls.
These are all 50s.
Resonance.
Red hot raspberry dollars.
Red hots.
Reeds.
They're candy.
Some rock candy.
A rock candy.
Root beer barrels.
Salty pops.
Salt water taffy.
Satellite wafer.
Sincin.
Skye bar.
Slow pokes.
Smith Brothers Cofftrap.
Snowcaps.
Spirman leaves.
Squirrel nut clippers.
Choose.
Stick candy.
Sugar baby.
Sugar daddy.
Teaburra gum.
Titsy pops.
Titsy brule.
Vallow milk.
Walnettos.
Wax fangs.
Wax lips.
Well that's a Gary Sarner.
And Dan Marino.
Wax lips and wax fangs.
Wopper is Agnott and zero.
And the 60s candy weight is a kid.
A hundred grand bar.
Baby licorice dollars.
Bubble gum cigarettes.
Bubble gum cigars.
Candy.
Candidum mints.
Candy watch.
Caramel creams.
Something that's really buds.
Chocolate baby.
Cinnamon bear.
Coconut bar.
Country store.
Taffy fruit strad gum.
Gold rocks gum.
Hot dog gum.
Oh, did you see that?
They showed a thing that was the Oscar-Mari when the weenie mobile used to come through
town.
They showed a hot dog gum at all the kids.
It looked like this thought that it was really gum.
Look at where Scotty dogs.
Look where it's twist.
Long boys.
Mexican hats.
Non-parell.
See non-parell.
Toad yeah, 60s.
Now and later.
Peppermint patty.
Again, rainbow gum.
Red vine, cycloth, slach, tic smoothie, sour fruit balls, super bubble gum and Swedish
something sweet tarts.
And the 70s and 80s.
Not too many as you go along.
See that?
A lot of these have been old.
70 and sometime between 70 and 80.
Avazava.
Big something blow pop.
Bottle caps.
Bubble gum.
Bubble ischus.
Coutain.
It's a curly whirly.
That was the replacement for marathon bar.
Curly whirly.
Fresh enough gum.
Gump stoppers.
I tell you put that in the sink.
Yes.
Octomales.
Hubba bubble gum.
Oh, that's what rumor lies the best.
Hubba bubble gum.
Yes.
Chalney ranchers.
Latte techy.
Fundip lollies.
Something miconike.
Pixie sticks.
Pop rocks.
Razzles.
Rocky road.
Spray.
Space food sticks.
You know.
Watermelon slices.
And what's your call it?
Zots.
Stowers.
And in the 80s.
Not too many.
Appleheads.
Big league chew.
Bubble tape.
Cherry heads.
Great heads.
Gummy bears.
Gummy worms.
Jelly belly.
Jelly beans.
Something push pops.
I don't know what that is.
Ring pops.
Rondo.
Skulls.
Sparkheads.
Kid's starburst.
Sweet starts.
Chewy.
Tangy tatty warheads.
And something pops.
See, as the decades went along.
Less and less new.
Good stuff.
Although then of course.
Now we got the Hershey's with the Toffee Nobun.
New yet.
Wow.
See, this is very bad.
And people are going to get very pissed off and blame me.
Oh, you always, first it was the fish food, and we finally recovered from that.
You know, the Nestle's turtle, although I think they probably didn't find the turtle.
And then we let it long period of time go and we did in between.
I did the pasta, green fields, which is on the helpful side as opposed to this crap.
And now we go to the opposite.
Whoever sent that fax and we're going to blame you.
No wonder they were anonymous.
Mm-hmm.
272 votes.
What's your favorite all-time favorite candy?
You know something?
No.
You forgot to put a couple on there.
Like, I don't eat candy.
And I hate this bowl.
I hate this bowl.
I don't eat candy.
Now, do you know anybody that don't eat candy?
No.
In the earlys, huh?
Even diabetics I understand.
No, I never heard of that.
Eat candy.
You really know that.
I shouldn't have that guy's wife.
She's not an again man.
She ate too much candy.
They're going to take your foot.
Well, maybe she just ate out her frustration because he, you know, he fell into well.
I'm looking at her.
You know what I'm saying?
No.
She said, well, well, well.
Well, that was not again, it was a night of clockwork orange.
Well, well, well, well, well, well.
See, that's all you need to know about the Brits.
Is that one scene
which one, the rape one, for the rape one?
No, no, where his old friends come across him,
dim and what, well, no, with the other one was.
George.
He's had his name, he'd been in George.
At any rate, you know, he's down and out.
He's been tossed out there.
They've beaten him bloody and then they find him.
Remember that?
The old homeless guy.
Can you scratch him copper, Mr.
Hey, remember that guy?
Spats him, cut out my brother.
And then he realizes he looks at me.
He sees who it was and that they had beat the crap out of these poor homeless.
It's a hokey Joe.
That's what I mean.
Oh, Joe, Joe was the guy that replaced our hero at home.
Joe.
That's right.
The larger.
Joe, son, Joe.
The larger.
Yeah, the larger Joe son, we can't ask Joe to leave.
He's got your room now.
What happened to Basil?
Yeah, where the light stayed.
He fell ill and he, uh, yeah.
Well, he met with an accident.
He met with an accident, son.
He fell ill and he's dead.
Good snake.
I heard about you.
Anyway.
The thing with the billy.
So when he meets somebody and, and, and, and them looks down to them.
Well, well, well.
The, the, the, that, that's seen right there.
So I need to know about the British.
Um Tony, right there in just a matter of three or four seconds
that encapsulates everything you need to know about these constipated people.
Well, well, well.
A language they invented but can't speak with a damn.
Oh, it's just incredible.
And of course, it really is fitting that Charles has nested
in line to be the queen.
I mean, the king.
That is just perfect.
You know how that story got the deep six really fast?
Which was.
Do you want about how he is buggering one of the, uh,
buffers there in the, uh, buggering and palette?
Cause they don't care.
Those first don't care about that.
Well, they're all doing it.
They're all buggering.
Kind of like humans.
They're all bunch of buggers.
It's 11 after 1.
No, book at home.
I'm sorry.
We're going to have to want to queue when we got the big old coming long.
Who is really rock solid and a Cuban guy.
And some day he might even learn to speak in English.
I doubt it.
He speaks that baby talk.
He's okay to be go.
We like him.
He's a good guy.
And this year Joe Bell is going to spend the money to send him off to that.
What's that thing?
Or they already have a judge that football fantasy.
The combine.
The con to the Columbine.
He's going to be bowling for $4 a Columbine.
The big old mad dogs come up and forth and we got that hurricane
stuff between 7 and 10.
A lot of good TV shows out at that time.
In fact, you can watch reruns of what's that?
Supernaturals.
Where there's two guys sleeping in the same room.
Now let me ask you this.
You got any brothers, Josh?
Yeah.
I got a big family.
But okay, you got how many brothers?
Two.
Okay.
Now how old are they?
Like within, you have to tell me.
I live with my brother.
Who's a year older than me?
You live with your brother.
I do.
Oh my god.
You live with your brother?
You live in the same room with the wonderer and where daddy is?
I mean, you guys, if you're like travel,
like with the family, you ever go like in a mot hotel and sleep in the same room?
Different beds, of course.
Sure.
Oh, sure.
Well, these guys are on the road.
They're the same in Dean, okay?
Don't be picking on my boy Sam or his brother Dean.
They're on the road.
Yeah, but there are their late 30s and you know.
They're not in their late 30s.
One is 23 and one is 28.
And what difference would that make?
If they were in their late 30s,
if they're traveling on the road and they're driving the budget?
I thought that was their bedroom.
They were sleeping.
Maybe you'd like to buy them separate motel rooms.
So they can make you less nervous about it.
I don't want to buy my damn thing.
We don't want to get any queen there.
I wouldn't mind it.
In fact, I wouldn't mind taking Dean's spot in there with Sam.
In fact, I'll even be in the base spender.
I'm not even put the bill for a separate room for Dean.
Get his ass out of there.
Will it be a queen size of that?
I don't know.
Andy, hopefully, big enough for this little queen and for Sam.
Wow.
That's a good show.
I always forget to watch it.
They're so pretty good.
I don't know why.
It's not that good.
You understand?
If it was that good in every respect, I wouldn't forget.
113 at 560 WM.
The discussion would hold.
This is just got back today.
That's your deal.
Will you surprise?
Like nobody else mattered anyway.
But man, I still think Jerry Jones is crazy.
The boys and back to clown.
The boys are going down.
I said the boys have back to clown.
There's noise in Dallas, Dallas.
You know that jerk who used to dance the lot.
Every time he got the answer with a sharpie in his sock.
Man, he thought he was cool, but he was really not.
What a joke that's here alone.
And that time at the Cowboys place.
Went to your dance, I'm a little girl with a district.
Then Emma Grand over and got on this race.
And now he thinks they won't forget it.
The boys and back to clown.
The boys are going down.
I said the boys and back to clown.
There's noise in Dallas, Dallas.
I said the old man hanging around.
This ego is now.
The boys and back to clown.
The boys and back to clown.
They're going to talk about the supernatural.
These two of guys, no matter how they all.
Let me ask you all these athletes, many of whom you worship
and admire so much.
And throw me on the station.
I mean, admire just to the point of almost obscenity.
When they're on the road, don't they like room together?
No.
Well, what are you talking about?
Aff, professional athletes.
Professional athletes?
Room together.
They have roommates in the hotel.
Yes, they do.
Yes.
I'll bet you my next 45 years salary against the dime, how's that?
I'd love to take that bet.
You hear it all the time.
I, hockey players, I know do.
And baseball players do.
Now football, I don't know, because they're like,
it's a different kind of thing.
It's the only travel.
I don't know.
A couple of days for a game.
I don't know.
But I guarantee you that professional baseball and hockey players
have roommates on the road.
Oh, they might, you know what?
They might, they might not.
No, they don't, they might.
They do.
They do do.
Okay, and some of these guys are like in their 40s already.
By the way, something.
Sleeping in the same room with another guy.
But understanding that.
I don't know why Josh is so nervous about like salmon is,
like, what I'm is going to happen in the other bed.
Why do you say nervous?
And by the way, if that does happen,
let me know what night that episode is going to be on.
What?
Let me let me know if it's since I didn't see that episode.
Are they staying in the same room?
No, it's every episode.
That's their bedroom.
That's their home.
They sleep in the same room.
I'm asking.
Yes.
No, no, no, no.
I don't know.
It is absolutely not.
There's no one episode because you told me to.
And that's all I was just, you know, it is not their home.
With a hotel room.
With a hotel.
Okay, then that's not an issue.
Of course not.
That's everybody.
They're always, they're out there looking for dead.
They can't fly.
I don't know why they want to find dead.
But they need to talk about that.
They don't have that.
Because I never saw the first episode.
It's one of those very sad things that if you didn't see the first episode,
you haven't got any idea what that's all about.
Who is dead?
Where is he?
What's it all about?
Or they get their money and etc.
What's even said is they probably reread it twice already.
And we missed it.
What?
The episode where they're supposed to get together?
Oh, the one about dead.
Oh.
Oh.
I think in that one episode, you just say, who's your daddy?
You just say that.
Then it's not their home.
Now do you feel any better about that?
That it's not their home.
That's seen that you're seeing.
That's in there in motels.
Well, thank God.
I'm so relieved.
I mean, well, because you're so nervous about that.
I think you are relieved.
I know Zach is probably relieved.
Just going on or seeing your picture.
Just think about that.
You want to throw up.
Oh, Jesus.
Well, the fact that you can stimulate somebody
out there in the audience, that's something to be said for you.
Right.
Need a word about care.
Me or George, I guarantee you that.
Oh, George just got that one woman
who called in yesterday.
Remember what she said?
You were, what?
I don't know.
Sexy?
No.
She wasn't that crazy.
For it wasn't it for the the hard ass pull?
That's what I had a hard ass.
That's what she did.
Yeah.
Send the picture, honey.
She said,
It is so hard.
Like to be actually what she said.
Let you know.
And she was talking about it.
That's what she said.
Don't trust me.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 7,
How do we get from candy bars to
who sleep in the same room together?
Easily.
Trust me, Josh, they're not.
Those two guys aren't doing anything together.
Okay, they're not.
You don't believe me.
I'm very confident of that.
I'm very afraid of it.
Well, that's good.
And you're afraid of it too.
Somebody QYM, hello.
Any item?
Okay.
I got two for the pull.
Yes.
X-E-STIC?
What is it?
Pixie sticks.
Pixie sticks.
I think that was on it.
I think I read that in the middle of those 4,000.
Okay.
We read it, but we didn't put it on the pull.
Didn't go around yet.
And the one I kind of think of when I see Josh, fun dip.
No.
Don't tell me we started something here.
It's all you need.
It's all we need.
Pixie sticks.
What is that?
I don't even see it on this list.
Pixie sticks.
You know, Pixie sticks.
No, I do have that.
They're those straws filled with the sweet tart powder.
And I love them.
I can eat a whole pack.
Flavored sugar.
Flavored sugar in a tube.
Let me take a look at this.
Flavored sugar in a tube.
And you open up one end and dump the contents into your mouth.
Well, let me click on it.
You do what?
You know how it's like.
No, I never saw those.
Each package contains three candy filled straws.
Yeah, you took it.
All of those are those.
Yeah.
What you took your...
I never saw them.
Packers like that.
You took your head back.
And then you put the tube in your mouth.
And you eat it.
You know, I don't know.
Jim says,
ripped the brits already like,
but we have the best which you call candies, we call sweets.
Thornton's foffies.
Thornton's foffies are super...
Leave it to the brits to come up with something like foffy.
Okay?
We got coffee and we got toffee.
They got foffy.
Oh my god.
Ripped the brits all out.
And I will.
Two people are constipating.
You've got the emotion level of a three-year-old.
That's because of all that royalty crap.
Oh, well the queen said this.
And the queen mother said that.
And this one, Prince Charming, yeah.
Real charming.
And oh, die, die, die in.
And look at that.
She finally did.
Good.
Who cares?
No, see, that's the thing I think that bothers them so much
is that nobody cares about them at all anymore.
They're, they're, past a silly obsessed with garbage.
Living in the dark ages.
People are starving over here and all the money.
All the, for the pomp and circumcise for the queen.
And the, what do they call the,
Gary there in Paganayne Palace, the money calling.
The, the, the, the, the, we got pixie sticks.
Woo.
You do.
Somebody just brought in some pixie sticks.
Where did you get those from?
John Jaros has a, an entire, like, candy store.
Yeah, John Jaros by the way, we didn't put milk bars on here
because we didn't sell the intelligence of our audience.
Even the ones that voted for plain old Hershey bar,
we respect more than milk bar.
This is gonna be great.
Milk bar is for real, real far-bisoner going.
That's a purple.
He's got it.
I got an orange one.
Orange one.
Milk bar pixie stick.
And how are they?
They're great.
I still don't think I know what those are
because it's just the package.
Um, it's just,
why are you eating those now?
Are you crazy or what?
Because they're here because John Jaros brought them in.
So he's a candy pusher is what he is.
He's a murderer.
Just like all his other Nazis.
He says, all water taffy.
I do like, do we put that on there?
Salt water taffy?
I don't know.
I don't like taffy.
I don't care whether you like it or not.
I love it.
Josh, you ever have to tell water taffy.
It's individually wrapped.
Well, that's a bit stupid talking about packaging.
I don't know.
There's like a million different taffy.
Yeah, but these are taffy bars like that old Bonnet.
It was turkey staffy.
These are like little,
little individually wrapped candies.
Taffy candy.
It's probably better to like to pull it.
Well, the problem is the paper sticks to it.
Salt water taffy.
It's good stuff.
Boy, this, this is really sick.
Although the fact that they made the mistake on the smarties,
I mean, they got one other smarties from like 100 years ago.
But the new smarties that are like a million times better
than M&M's, they don't have Monter.
I think it's part of the anti-canadian thing, eh?
WQAM, hello.
Deal.
Yes, sir.
I made me behind the time,
but I think I have one or two for the pole.
Yeah.
This is my all-time favorite.
Zach Knott.
It's on there.
What about zero bar?
On there.
Sorry, sorry.
About zero bar.
Zero bars.
Oh, horrible.
Just, all right.
Thanks, Leo Bike.
Okay.
They even have coolate on here for the gym.
Jones Crout.
Oh, and I'm only Kit Kat, but Kits KITS.
I don't have any idea what I'm doing.
Whatever that you.
No kits.
I remember kits two acts.
You used to run a North Hill Downs and Hazel Park.
Francis J. O'Hare from Flushing Michigan.
In the bike.
What am I looking for?
Kits KITS.
What are you eating, man?
There's a version of that.
Oh, I don't know what they are.
Oh, kits, I never saw those.
Square Rep candies in banana.
Oh, that sounds good.
In banana molasses and with peanut butter.
Chocolate and strawberry flavors.
I bet you the molasses with peanut butter are like, uh, uh, uh,
Merry Jains.
Each package has three pieces, a box of 96, 24 of each flavor,
799.
Oh my god.
Even you could afford that.
Kits.
Maybe there was like a regional thing.
I never seen no.
Wow, what's the history on it?
Got the history on it?
No.
Just has commentary.
Kits candy memories.
I remember kits from when I was a kid growing up in the mid 50s, it says here,
but there's no, uh, history.
Well, what a shame.
Just the one we need to a little background on it.
They never had no kits.
Maybe you could order some of those and give that lady the address, Debbie.
She'll send me 400 pounds of candy.
And I can be sure to give it to John Jaros again too.
So he can send me some more than Goisha candy bars from the Bavarian Alps.
See, and he's calling you too.
He's doing the same thing to you.
They did to me.
And I think he's, uh, you know, the Antichrist John Jaros.
Could be.
It's got you fooled.
So anyway, when we come back, uh, Jaros is going to, uh, you know, he's going to apologize for being so
offtight just because I'm too guys asleep in the same bed.
I mean, in the room.
26 past one at five, 60 WQAM.
This is Neil Rogers.
You fuck!
Neil.
Yeah.
Oh.
Well, I know my sister all my life.
That is why she's now my wife.
And I think my son made the earliest truth.
He's my nephew too.
Well, my daddy is my uncle Joe.
My mother is my dear and flow.
It is very plain to see you.
My first cousin is me.
Oh!
So guess what?
Click on saltwater tapy right now off of that page.
Click it on.
Wait a minute.
Got it back up.
I want you to see the picture they got.
If you don't like that stuff, there's something wrong.
Don't like that stuff.
Yeah, you do.
Look at it.
You'll recognize it and sugar-free saltwater tapy.
A few pound bag of roughly 215 pieces in a sort of flavor.
It's only 1399 salt.
I sure are free.
Yeah, that's exactly what I had in mind.
What?
Yeah, I know that stuff.
It's when you go to old ladies houses,
they have that in the candy bowl and it's nasty.
Saltwater tapy like they sold at the beach, it's said.
I think old ladies go to the beach.
Young people say they sell water tapy.
Not old ladies.
Yeah, they've been to Miami Beach.
Well, like I said.
This pool is around more
a
history of 1313 votes.
Look at all the ones that don't have any.
Sugar baby, sugar daddy,
chuckles,
job-breakers, chocolate babies.
Sounds like a racial thing to me.
Von Bonz, Pez,
Ethel M. Chocolates, nerds,
Starburst, Cadbury eggs.
Oh, nobody likes Cadre.
He's your crazy.
Fudge,
life-savers,
nickel nips.
Now everybody ate, though.
I didn't have that.
I liked it.
You're right.
That everybody liked it.
You get them all mixed in with,
oh, mooshed in with it.
Nasty.
Yeah.
Rock candy, fun dips,
none for pixie sticks that you were just eating as well.
And the rock problem.
Cornish self, and nobody likes it.
And a whole bunch of with only one, too.
Even good in place only got one.
Yeah, I really do.
Good in plenty have only one.
Good in liquorice, and most people don't like liquorice.
I've found.
What is that?
What it is?
I love liquorice either,
but those, because it's inside the other stuff.
Right, the candy coating.
The taste of the candy coating misses in with liquorice,
and makes me a really sweet,
wonderful confection.
There's still big on that Reese's crap, man.
Snickers 177.
Reese's peanut butter cup 127.
And then way way down to M&M's and M&M peanut and butter finger.
I really can't believe butter finger to do better.
I mean, butter finger is,
because a lot of these are very similar, you know.
A lot of the same ingredients that moved you around in the way.
But butter finger is like almost totally different.
Can it is?
I like butter finger cold, right?
What's not, especially those big 14 pound ones now,
they have to have like three people to carry out of the store.
And to think about butter fingers,
you can enjoy it all day,
because you're picking it out of your teeth for a day.
And I can't understand why the people,
you know, why people are getting fat.
Can you just be knowing that you understand?
Keep talking about soda.
Well, most of us who have a weight problem drink diet,
so in any way there's no calories.
But all these 75 pound candy bars now,
that might have a little bit to do with it.
Everything is oversized.
Coincidence?
Oh no, now this is this propaganda.
Where did you get this?
Just kidding.
Some of them.
The nation's enrollment Catholic leaders received 783 claims
of sex abuse, new claims.
Sex abuse by clergy in 2005,
with most of the allegations of all the cases that are decades old.
The new claims reported today,
bring the total number of accusations against Catholic clergy
to more than 12,000 since 1950.
Believe you me, that's only the tip,
the tip of the altraboy.
Believe this figure is released as part of a third audit of business.
That's what you ought to be worried about is
priests who sleep with the altraboy's trash.
Don't worry about Sam and Dean, they're okay.
But when priests are sleeping in the same room
and the same bed with the altraboy's,
then you might raise both eyebrows.
The latest figures released is part of the third audit
of the bishops that conducted.
We store trust in their leadership
after abuse allegations soared in 2002.
Yet there were a lot of guys soar about it.
Church leaders, however,
knew criticism for changing how this latest review was conducted.
In the first two annual audits,
all 195 dioceses we see the outside visit,
during the most recent review, 104 dioceses
were allowed to fill out a questionnaire
and said while the auditors visit the audits.
So we'll just tell you, we'll lie a lot,
but we'll just make it up.
All three audits were conducted by the Gavin Group,
a private firm that employed teams
comprised mainly a former FBI agents.
Remember the FBI and gave your Hoover?
He knew he has no such thing like this.
Prior to the new audit,
the abuse program was known to have crossed dioceses
more than a billion dollars since 1950.
The new figures released by the church
greatly expanded the figure.
The bishop said the total cost of abuse in 2005 alone
was nearly 467 million, half a billion loan almost last year,
including settlements, therapy for victims,
support for offenders and attorneys fees,
among other things.
Not to mention the expensive travel
of the ship they appreased around.
The new audit also found a slight decline in compliance
with all the provisions of the tough and sex abuse policy
the bishop said after four years ago.
The latest audit found that 88 and a half percent
of dioceses were fully compliant
compared with more than 95 percent last year.
The audit said several dioceses don't have full safe
environment training where children learn to keep themselves
safe from abusers and four of them hadn't fully
complied with the call for background checks and forms.
They're working on it slowly.
Speaking of religious nuts,
wait until you hear this story from a pop-ka.
Do you ever think we'd have a story from a pop-ka Florida?
Oh, that's about to happen.
Several parents in a pop-ka Florida are upset
over a surprise school Holocaust project
that some say tormented children
according to a channel six report.
That's I guess an Orlando channel six,
not yours.
Local six news reported that eighth graders
would last name his beginning with L through Z
at a pop-ka Memorial Middle School were given yellow five-pooted stars
for Holocaust Remembrance Day.
Other students were privileged to report said.
Father John Tindley said his son was forced to stand in the back of the classroom
and not allowed to sit because he was wearing the yellow star.
He was four-sego.
Maybe he was also four-thee jujubees.
He was forced to go to the back of the lunch line four times by the administrative
Tindley said.
Tindley said the experiment of said his child.
He was crying Tindley said.
I said, what are you crying about?
He said, daddy, I was a Jew today.
It's a bit of a bit more.
He could have been on that old show with Jack Bailey queen for a day.
Other parents and children shared similar stories Tindley said.
They were told they couldn't use the water fountains.
There was even a sign supposedly one water fountain saying
if you're wearing a yellow star,
you can't use this water fountain.
I think that's good.
Don't you like that?
Well, it depends on who.
Teach him a little something.
Tindley said he believes it's important to teach the Holocaust
but apparently little was learned during the experiment.
I try to talk to my son, ask all these questions.
And the only thing he said is, daddy, the only thing I found out today is
I don't want to be Jewish, Tindley said.
Well, that's because they didn't give him any halivine griveness.
No kishki.
Oh my god.
He had some kishki with gravy.
That they grew the bones under his face and cheeseblinkes with like strawberry.
Ooh.
And maybe some homeontaction with moon.
Children were selected to be persecuted or privileged.
Some not told the rule.
Local six reported here.
Oresnik said.
Oresnik, huh?
Parents tell local six they were not told prior to the school wide experiment.
Teachers felt it would have defeated the purpose to tell the students
at the time because that would have prepared them.
Principal Doug Guthrie said.
Students came in.
They all got all they got was a star.
This was supposed to be a creative way to teach the horrors of the Holocaust.
But unfortunately it sparked controversy and more importantly.
And it sparked conversation.
Resident said we have now heard from nearly a dozen parents who are very upset.
Due for a day.
My ass.
Especially in a pop.
Can you imagine being Jewish in a pop.
No, local six news air to statement from the Holocaust Memorial Resource and Education Center,
Florida.
Of course, we applaud a pop.
And memorial schools effort to engage in Holocaust education with the hope of tolerance education
component in the classroom.
That is the mission of the center to teach tolerance through Holocaust
remembrance and education.
However, we don't encourage nor train teachers to engage in simulation exercises.
You have to admit that he would do some things differently in the exercise because
the complaints but said kids got the message.
They need to know we want we don't want history to repeat itself.
That's why there's all those people worried about that.
All the folks dying to genocide in Africa.
That's right.
I understand next year they're going to make their hits just take showers instead.
And sleep in the same room.
Right.
In motels they're going to go on a road trip.
I think Josh is one of the few people who would actually have noticed that.
They would have registered in his mind.
I mean, after all the other stuff on that show,
I was thinking about other things myself.
Like what?
There you are.
Oh, I don't know.
And like how come they have two beds?
All time, favorite candy.
This has got over like Halify and Tel Aviv, baby.
1,330 votes.
And our goal today was what?
800?
Something like that?
Pretty good.
Now look at the ones that have only got salimente uno.
Caramilk?
Now that's the one.
That's a Cadbury, right?
And it's the chocolate where you bite into it and it's like it's got squirt, you know.
Yeah.
Caramilk.
Well, it's like Goopy chocolate.
No, not, no, not that.
Goopy chocolate.
Walk of R1.
Mr. Big One, Top Rocks 1.
Chocolate cover cherries only one.
Good and 20 only one.
That's, I don't know.
There's something wrong here.
There's a Taffy 1.1.
That's suck.
Unless they're on some Indian ladies' heads.
Some of them.
You need some air.
Cheer, Deli chocolate.
Nice going, Eric.
Thank you.
We got one.
Spell the right.
There's that, the GR Deli.
You get to pick some of it.
The GR Deli.
Along with your monster balls soup.
Nerds 1.
I don't eat candy 1.
See, I told you.
Lier.
Lier.
Saltwater Taffy 1.
S'mores 2.
I don't want to read the other ones.
But some have only one.
Like S'mores.
That's good because S'mores really suck.
See S'mores.
And when it first came out,
I'm surprised you didn't see it.
Because they had big displays with like 75,000
in the middle bars.
Just falling over to place.
You'd walk into a convenience store
and practically fall down in the middle of them.
S'mores.
S'mores flavored.
What you call it?
Pop Tarts.
Whenever I had those.
S'mores flavored pop.
Oh, Pop Tarts?
Jock's frozen in all the time.
S'mores Pop Tarts.
Good.
God, are you?
And you tell me about how you're eating better now?
And you've got that pasta.
Stick with the pasta, man.
I was.
Pasta, anything other than the pasta.
This is Nuts.
Meal, rock, rock, rock, rock.
Junkers.
You could put forth people with candy.
You could put your murderer.
Put your body out.
But case real good.
Yeah.
And what give you the excess energy
to drive mom crazy?
Yeah.
So what breakfast cereal will you tell mom to buy?
Next time she goes shopping.
Yeah, she goes shopping.
Yeah.
She goes shopping.
Yeah.
Two super sugar coated sugar shoppers
are little bits of raw cane,
drenched in honey,
and coated with powdered sugar,
glucose, glucose,
corn syrup,
and other natural sweeteners.
And tastes just like sugar coated sugar.
Right.
Cause there's no yety vitamins
or minerals to spoil your fun.
Yeah.
And how does it make you feel?
Like I'm vibrating.
I'm looking for chocolate.
I'm looking for ice cream.
I'm looking for ice cream.
And mom's a love sugar shoppers too.
Cause inside everybody
there's a free bottle of new
Flintstones,
Truable Balliots.
So try your super sugar coated sugar
juggers from your friends
at irresponsible foods.
145 out of here.
This full is almost as good as
when we do last September
that paper or plastic one.
That was good.
But this is maybe even better.
Plus, research you're waiting to hear this.
This might inspire you guys to get off your day.
And make the trip to Amsterdam already.
You can get there in about an hour.
Starting now.
Listen, I'll book it right now.
You just put that check in the mail.
Get it done.
Dear Meen.
Researchers in Australia's outback
launched the test flight today of a
supersonic jet designed to fly
10 times faster
than conventional aircraft.
The test flight was conducted by researchers
at the University of Queensland.
But we always knew that the queens can fly.
Under commission from the Japan Japan
Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency
or Jaxa in the remote community of
Wulmera about 210 miles north of the
South Australian state capital of Adelaide.
The so-called supersonic combustion
ramjet or scrambjet engine
was designed to travel its speeds up
to 5,000 miles per hour
or 10 times the speed of conventional
aircraft.
The rocket launch looked as expected
with another clean lift off
set Professor Michael Smart.
Today's launch was the second
test flight last in a week was intended
to generate data about flight performance of a
220 pound scrambjet engine
with an advanced fuel injected
developed by Jaxa.
The data will be compared with results
to ground test performed in Japan.
The University said it would make an
announcement about the results of
the experimental flights in coming weeks.
The US has already carried out a flight test
with a scrambjet engine.
While the European Union, Japan, China,
Russia and India are in different stages
of testing their technologies.
The one in India's got a little dot on the nose.
Some of the server say
scrambjet technologies could revolutionize
air travel.
Officials at the University of Queensland
have said scrambjet powered passenger
jets is still a long way off,
but it might be possible to use the
scrambjet powered plane within the next 10 years
for limited purposes such as
delivering vital organs for
urgent transplant operations
or for making a quick run to Amsterdam.
A quick drug run to Amsterdam.
Remember that fast when you start
with your stuff?
Right, we're making a reservation
girl.
If we can't make a go on vacation
get a fast.
Oh well I see Niels made another one
of his drug runs to Amsterdam.
Yeah, right.
We're going to do and we were just
talking about it.
We're not only going to sleep in the same
room.
We're going to sleep in the same bed,
but we're going to sleep opposite
you know like feet to head that kind of
thing because that's not gay
when you do it that way.
I don't know, but the picture that I'm
country up in my mind about that
seems awfully gay to me.
You know what I'm saying?
Think about it.
Just about your face.
You got my face there.
Yeah.
Oh that's not his toe.
That's what it's so.
Yeah, but big toe or a little toe.
Maybe five six seven or maybe
cut those nails man.
Can't lose anyone.
148 at QN we got to the big O's
brims with toe and mo.
To the two at the two to four
slide.
The embarrassment just
continues.
We got nobody from two to four.
We got like revolving doors.
We have next week's schedule.
Probably not.
Not at least I don't have it.
No, I don't have one.
They're busy.
This still busy.
And I was hang on vacation in Vegas
or is he just after goofing off
or losing his ass?
What's he doing?
Are they using that whooping crane
to lift him off the off the
the the winch.
They're using a winch to drag him off
that buffet where they have the
five hundred and one items
in the world record buffet.
She better be a hot wench.
Do you never that buffet you want
to look like a boofo?
You know what I'm saying?
Kind of like that.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hey Neil.
How you doing sir?
Okay.
All right.
You have a glaring omission
in your candy uh
uh candy lift.
And what is that?
Jolly ranchers.
Oh yeah.
That's not this uh thing here too
Jolly ranchers.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Take it.
Let me take a look at the picture.
I was trying to get
to you yesterday.
Yeah.
Regarding James Corburn.
He was a real match.
You were pretty damn
match.
Oh you're right.
Yeah.
Couldn't get three yesterday.
I didn't try to all day.
I didn't think too.
Nah he wouldn't have.
Anyway, they don't know who that is.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
Well, there's the Jolly one
and right now.
Look at that.
You see him.
Oh, it's not even written
assorted fruit flavors.
Grape, apple, watermelon,
cherry and blue raspberry.
Oh man.
Jolly ranchers.
Get that on there right away.
Now if you can get a two pound bag
or a case of a 12 to pound bag,
that's only 24 pounds.
24 pounds of Jolly ranchers.
You'll be Jolly too for about
half an hour till you croak.
God.
You imagine?
Mary Jane.
Well, I'm so sorry that
somebody brought that up.
By the way, thanks to Robert.
He emailed me a link to a website
where you can see the video.
Remember that story?
You're reading about the abuse of cops.
Oh yeah.
It's a police abuse.org is a whole site
with a video.
Okay, well, let's put a link to that
on our website.
Make sure that Eric gets it.
Or Josh, whoever's going to take
care of that.
Let's put a link to that so we can show
exactly what goes on.
See if you criticize the police,
man, you got real.
That's right.
They get a little porky.
The police.
They showed the video and it
would have made your toes curl.
Really?
What the cop was saying to this guy
and what he was doing.
Nice.
Very nice.
Well, thank God we got this
good on his cops.
Pressing himself Florida.
A sentencing hearing speaker
that for Lionel Tate.
Once the oldest person in
modern US history to be sent to
prison for life was delayed yesterday
after a judge ruled the Tate
should receive a minor mental examination.
But Tate made headlines after he was
convicted.
A first to be murdered in the 1999
beating death of Sissi Rotifini
Unic.
His attorneys initially argued
the killing was an accident
while Tate then tried was
imitating pro wrestling moves.
In the latest twist to Tate's
trouble life he was charged in
May with robbing a pizza
delivery man as well.
And he had that pepperoni juice
rule.
Rolled down his chin.
That was the a giveaway.
He pleaded that was the
delivery man not Lionel.
He pleaded guilty on March 1
of the armed robbery and
admittedly violated probation
from the 1999 killing by
possessing a gun.
Under the deal with prosecutors
Tate faces up to.
But 30.
30 years in prison
set of a potential life sentence
for the probation violation.
An issue when they was
a letter Tate sent last week
to Broward County Circuit
Judge Joel Lazarus in which he
request to withdraw his plea
only to the robbery charge.
By pleading not guilty to that
charge but admitting to the
probation violation Tate
ultimately seals his own
faith since the gun was used
in the crime.
Such a move led his attorney
to question his competency.
That's what Ellis Ellis
I've been thinking that
your defense is really
snick and Rubin said.
Your honor I'd like to know
what it was in the mind of this
young fellow that he knows
at the time of this event
that he faced life in prison
yet for 33 dollars worth of
pizzas he does the terrible
thing defense attorney
Ellis Rubin told the judge.
Rubin Rubin I've been thinking.
Rubin asked the plea agreement
and a Monday sentencing
hearing be delayed until
extensive mental evaluation
could be performed.
Prosecutor Chuck Morton
are given simply because
Tate acted irrationally
doesn't mean does know
the consequences of his actions.
The mere fact that it was
irrational doesn't mean
the person was legally insane
Morton said.
Judge Lazarus
Lazarus ordered that Tate
now 19 receive a minor
mental evaluation
to determine whether he's
competent enough to be sentenced
and for the court to
consider his request to withdraw
to play.
Why for a couple of bucks worth of
pizza would he do something
like this to judge
rhetorically?
The why is only known to your
client the next hearing is
for April 20.
Venti.
All right like that.
Reson is why.
Why?
Would anybody steal pizza
unless they were like mentally
don't copy
his weeness you know I'm saying?
There's nothing worse than
a pizza thief.
That's what I'm thinking.
All the work handy thief is not
we tell the story about
fan poigies yesterday I believe.
Boop.
Steal them a candy from the
prize closet.
I'm going to open the door.
Guess what Tom Cruise was
still in there.
No.
The car.
Oh my god it's already
14 it's 58 degrees.
The sun is shining.
I can't afford to be in here.
I got to go outside.
Catch some rays.
And tomorrow it's going to be
63.
Got some showers tomorrow.
Some golden showers.
But 63.
Oh mama.
Maybe I'll do the show
outside tomorrow.
Take a long mic cord.
What do you think?
All right.
1358 votes today man.
And Josh said we never make it to 900.
Of course I think we started with it
and we ate some.
58 degrees right now it is going to be
toasty.
I'm going to go out there and naked.
I'm going to go right around
downtown naked.
Speaking of that speaking of people
in Canada.
Soldiers three to Canada to avoid
a rack duty.
Sounds like they had none.
We don't have any draft right now
but these guys are already
in hot water.
Hundreds of deserters from the
US Armed Forces have crossed
into Canada and are now seeking
political refugee,
refugee status there arguing
that violations of the rules
that were in a rack by the
US and settled into asylum.
The season on the test case
involving two US
service men is due shortly
as being launched with the
interest by fellow service men
on both sides of the border.
At least 20 others have already
applied for asylum and
they're estimated 400 in Canada
out of more than 9,000
of deserter since the conflict
started in 2003.
Ryan Johnson.
Not the hockey player
but another Ryan Johnson 22
from near Fresno and California
was due to be deployed
with a unit in Iraq.
In January last year
but across the Canadian
border in June is seeking
asylum.
I had spoken to many soldiers
who've been in a rack
and who told me about
innocent civilians being killed
and about bombing civilian
neighborhoods he told the Guardian.
It's been really great since
I've been here meaning
Canada he said.
Generally people have been
really hospitable
and understanding.
Although there have been a few
who have been for the war.
Well I don't know where he found
them.
Certainly not in Toronto.
He's now unable to return to the
US.
I don't have a problem with that.
I'm a candidate
and that's that he said.
Well what's going to happen
after 180 days Ryan?
Mr. Johnson said it was unclear
exactly how many US
soldiers were in Canada
but he thought 400 was a
realistic figure.
He had been on speaking
towards across the country
as part of a war
resistors movement
to come across other
servicemen living underground.
Jeffrey House, a Toronto
lawyer who represents many
of the men, said that an
increasing number
were seeking asylum.
In fact there was an
increasing number in our
sales department.
QM is seeking an asylum too
and believe me most
of the belong there.
There are a fair number
without status and a fair
number on student visas he
said and under UN
guidelines and refugees status
they were in Tadalusica
asylum.
The first test cases
involved Jeremy Hinsman
26 who deserted from the
82nd Airborne Division
and we better do the break
headway.
We should.
Yes.
That's 23 minutes.
Just relax.
And Brandon Hilly from the
first cabaret division.
All deserted
past and present are placed
on the FBI wanted list.
How do you like that?
During the Vietnam war
between 50 and 60,000
Americans crossed the
border to a war
and came to Canada.
No.
No.
Do it.
Before you go to sleep
on Saturday.
Better than
the lights.
That's what most people do
anyway.
But either way you're
losing an hour hour.
Is a big loss.
Our most exciting day of
the year.
It's all happening on
Sunday.
Sunday.
It's running to Sunday.
Sunday Sunday.
Bye bye bye.
