There's that echo again. Oh God. What's the use? I
said it hurts. It's not going to win a Kentucky Derby. Who's that?
With a city. Yeah, died. The ceased.
Die a couple weeks ago. Yeah. I
I bet a lot of horses like that only usually they die about 100 yards from the wire.
I did his race 21 now. The lanes and stakes. Really? Yep. Well, I guess a little bit
everybody was celebrating because you know that was the race that got his picket
punch to the derby. Well, guess what? Unlikely. Yep. Well, I'm looking at this stuff.
I just printed out for Friday off the trail all these horses that are injured or
unlikely. And then next to his name, it says deceased. Yes, it's you can't get
more unlikely than that. No. Who else are they saying is unlikely? Don of war.
Who? Your buddy Nick Zito's great point. Those horses are out of it with high
cotton. Well, listen, off the trail. In other words, these are not going to be in.
Yeah. Red Raymond, but this was going back some time ago. Don't understand. Super
fly another Nick Zito horse and want to run her. That's real old information.
Well, that's what I'm telling you. Yeah. Now, would I be safe in picking a brother
Derek? I don't know about brother Derek. He's there's a lot of speed in the race.
And you know, he could get caught up in that. Alex Solis. My good buddy Alex Alex is
good. Well, there you go. Like I said, there's a lot of speed in the race. Alex, by
the way, has had some back problems in the last few months. He's not as right and
good though. I just saw him at Hollywood Park with your buddy calling the races
there. Vick Stofras frozen dinners. I was just launching yesterday as a matter of
fact. He's come back good. How about private vow with Sean Bridgeman? He's another
another speed horse trained by Steve Asmison. He's got to be related. How is he
related to Cass Asmison? They are related. I think of course. I know their brothers, I think.
Are they? Yeah. He was a great Jackie. Yep. Went to Europe. He went off to France and
Steve Cawthon went off to England and developed that real heavy British accent. He did.
Steve Cawthon has a British accent now. Yeah. I had him on the show a couple years
ago. He didn't have an accent. Well, maybe he lost it. But boy, when he was riding
over there, I saw him interviewed on TV over there that we were watching the races.
Man, he developed a real heavy British accent. Yeah. He came back and lost it. Well,
probably went back to New York and lost it. He's in Kentucky. That is where he belongs.
That's where he's from. Yes, it is. So you're going to have Dave on the show Friday?
Friday, yeah. I'm not going to let you talk me off, brother Derek. I'm going to do a little
more research. I did just 10 seconds ago. I just printed this stuff out. It's starting
to do my homework. I don't pay any attention to those Chinatown horses, those thoroughbreds.
You know, I don't pay too much attention. They come out and they like, oh, don't run
too fast now. I don't get all whipped up before the race. I think I don't understand.
I can understand two-year-olds that won't go in the starting gate. You know, they're
like freaked out. But when you have age toruses that go to the gate, wow, I mean, how stupid
do you have to be? How many times do you have to go in the damn starting gate before they
have to pochky around and screw around? Go in the gate already and cut the crap. I hate
that. Take some, take some, take some, a lot of races and I'm sure you agree with this.
It takes them longer to load the gate than visit around the race. Yeah, that's true.
Not just with young horses, like you say. You know, the thing with Brother Derek is that
he's been running in California and he's been running against four and five horse fields.
Yeah. And now he's going to get up against the, you know, a big deal with a lot of people.
The name Derek, our close friend Derek, was a real degenerate gambler and Alex Salise.
I mean, it's a good combination, but I haven't even looked at the end of lines yet.
Okay. He's going to be the favorite brother there. Is he really? Yeah.
Well, how do you like that? See, all I got to do is mention him and I'll wrap the
buddy's sweet of five. There he is. He just drives. I mean, it's just great expertise in the matter.
I was watching they have, uh, and would find two four long races, quarter of a mile.
Yeah, for babies. Yeah. And there was a horse broke the track record 21 and two.
I think it was Monday, 21 and two. They used to run those a high alleo all the time.
I mean, that's just a joke. You go to the window and you come back.
Oh, you can meet that races long over. Forget about that.
It's like, you know, like you say, it's like a turtle horse racing.
Yep. I don't know if you remember, but several years, many years ago,
they tried quarter horse racing, a couple of years of pompadome.
Yeah, I remember what I went over like the Marlins.
The Marlins. Yeah, they had announced crowd of 6,017 yesterday.
That's announced crowd. Yeah, with me.
Wow, we got a draw pitch last night. They could have had that.
I beg your pardon?
That's our willless pitch. I understand. Oh, that had any blue. The game.
I saw a little bit of it. But I'm telling you they had 6,017.
Yeah. So that means they had only two or three thousand when Dom 12 was
pitching. So what's going to happen when I'm short speeches?
You will find out. And you never did find out who Gary Cohn was.
Did you? No. I don't. I just don't know what to do about this.
You think I made that up, don't you?
I was a jockey at Calder. In fact, and then he became a Jock's agent.
He got injured and then he became an agent.
If you talk to your good post-friend Phil Salzman about it,
he'll remember Gary Cohn. Good Jewish boy. One of the few.
I just don't remember him. Well, how many years ago was it?
Oh, that's a long time ago. Way back, maybe 20 some.
Back in the days of Julio Pazua.
Oh, I remember him.
And Jorge Duarte, real stiff. I mean, real great writer.
And Jacinto Vazquez was in Florida at that time in the latter days of his
checkered career.
Oh, Jacinto Naly's up in O'Calla.
Yeah. Good place for you, Jacinto. You stiff.
Well, I hated him, man. I didn't like him at all.
I'm telling you, another guy that came down to highly one year and just couldn't.
He couldn't. He needed a compass in the road map and I was Richard Migliori, man.
What are we talking horse racing here? That's because the Derby's coming up front.
Yeah, well, I'm I'm not here.
It's just awful.
Your potential new neighbor up there. Who's that?
Ricky Williams.
No, he's not coming here. His contract with it often says he can't leave.
He can't go to another league. He can go to Canada.
He can't play in another league. I'm telling you that right now.
He cannot, if they're unless they let him out.
I think he and saving their very.
They're very nervous about having him come here because he's going to the weed supply.
I'm going on about 40% of he comes here.
I'm not sure what his contract with the dolphins is at this point.
I'm telling you, I read him. I was in there all over it here in the newspapers here.
Two days ago, I read that his contract with the dolphins stipulates specifically
that he can't play in another league without the permission of the dolphin.
Well, there's a story today that they are talking about it.
About what? Him coming here?
Yeah.
Oh, we don't want him here. Jesus God.
He could neighbor for you.
No, he would not be a good neighbor.
He goes to the neighborhood.
Ricky Williams for Christ's sakes.
Man, next thing be OJ be coming up here.
You were my first thought when I saw that.
Then, of course, I see this thing with Shaq and Kobe and her babies were born like six minutes apart.
Shaq!
Yeah, I don't think there's any coincidence there.
I was asking George before to show how they got Shaq's baby out of his wife's womb.
You know, any baby that's got a head, you know, six sizes normal.
Or a bowling ball.
How do they get that thing?
I'm probably with a shoehorn and a crane.
So the book comes out today?
Yeah.
Well, I'm so glad you mentioned that.
Yeah, me too.
Yeah, just keep talking.
It comes out at 11.30.
I believe. Just keep going to 11.30.
Okay.
So you will have all the results.
I'm sure.
What?
You will have all the results.
I have all the results.
I have. I'm sitting on eggshells on this one.
I think it's going to be really something.
I can't say the word on it.
I'll get joyous, but I think it's going to be really something.
Like disaster, you mean?
Well, this new regime we got, man.
They just seem, I don't know, in suspended animation.
They're like your buddy, Larry King, they're in suspended animation.
I don't know what to all they're thinking about.
They just can't get off the dime.
And then two to four, we got that.
And we have bow today.
Thank God, a little variety.
By the way, Cop just gave me a note here.
Permanently disabled, jockey-guild members.
Gary Cohen is one of them.
I told you.
What did I tell you?
He got injured.
And then he became a jockey-sage and he was a pretty good rider.
I don't know about that David Cohen, whether he's related,
and the one in Verizon, California, you know who he is.
David Cohen.
Yeah.
I know who he is.
He's not very good.
I'll tell you, he's pretty good as Gary Gomez.
Oh, Gary Gomez is a great friend of mine as an agent.
And he's going to be riding Ron and John.
And which is one of the...
Ron St. John?
Yeah, and one of the great...
Gary Gomez is going to be riding Ron St. John of Derby folks.
One of the three entries from Bob Baffert.
And I know that they wanted very much to ride that horse.
Yeah.
He lobbied Baffert to get them out.
And that was the one he chose.
I see that flashing a pantowler base.
He can't find a finish line with a compass.
No.
Gomez is moving east, by the way.
What is?
Gary Gomez.
He's moving to the east coast.
Yeah.
He's going to ride in New York for Todd Plessier.
And Rafael de Harrono doesn't have a mountain to Derby, I don't think.
I don't think he does either.
I told you he's a damn good jockey.
He's very good.
He didn't bring me.
He said he ran all those crappy tracks and Kentucky.
It's pretty good.
He's terrific.
We need Frankie Dittory over here.
That's what we need in the Derby.
Yeah, but he's going the wrong way, baby.
Frankie Dittory.
And I just love what he jumps off the horse there in the winter circle.
You know, after he puts on a great show.
Probably a year for a year.
He almost got killed.
That's not that many years ago.
And a helicopter.
It'll probably be here for the audience in a million.
Do you remember that?
I was in Europe at the time.
He damn near got killed.
There was a helicopter crashed.
They were transporting him to a four ride in one particular race.
I forget where it was.
I think in Italy.
And the helicopter crashed in the infield.
He damn near got killed.
No trivia there for you.
Yeah, that's a good one.
Land Frank Dittory.
He's great.
Something about European racing, man.
I don't know.
I can't describe it.
I've watched a lot of it when I was over there on the satellite.
Yeah, there's kind of an elegance to it.
Yeah, exactly.
Well, you know you were over there for the Ascot.
There's just a whole different ambiance to it.
I'd like to go to the Yark sometime.
It's supposed to be fancy.
The Arctitron.
Yes.
And then in France, they got that.
They got the most...
I talked to Dave about this.
I don't think I ever mentioned it to you.
They got harness under saddle.
Have you ever seen that?
No.
They've got trotters who they trot, but they have jockeys on.
It's the funniest thing to watch.
It's a panic.
And the jockeys don't carry a whip.
And they just kind of like, you know, urge the horse along.
It's just...it's really funny to watch.
I think it was not funny to watch.
It's old in them.
People chase races.
They got over there where the horses are like...
Like by the end of the race, they had four of them to have to be destroyed.
I don't know...in England.
I don't know what that's all about.
They still do that too.
I guess they probably use a lot of horse meat.
Oh, and I'll tell you one other thing.
By the way, they ask people chase racing at Saratoga.
One thing I was thinking about the other day, years ago,
remember when the dog tracks used to really pack them in
and they had a matinee in the record.
They had a lot of them in the box.
They used to have hurdle races at the dog tracks in Florida.
And they had...they were like...the best way I can describe it,
they were like upside down brooms, you know,
with like a brushes at the top.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Hard to describe it.
And the dogs would jump over those brooms.
They were hurdles for dog.
It was really something.
But that's another era, man.
That's when the dog...I'm sure Ken probably remembers that.
Yeah, he must.
We were talking about the days when we used to go to the Miami Beach
Count Club.
Remember that?
Yeah, sure.
I'm right for the Photoshop Beach.
I've been there.
I was at the one in Saratoga.
I mentioned yesterday my first trip to the dog track,
1950, and that maybe was 1968.
I was visiting Fort Lauderdum on vacation.
And I went to Flagler with a friend of mine.
I won 700 bucks the first night of the dogs.
I had no idea what I was doing.
I thought, boy, this is a piece of cake.
This is better than the horses.
And the second night we went back,
and I bet 100 to win and 100 to place out of the dog
when they came out of the box.
Another dog ran into him.
He went flying up out of the air and came flopping down on the track
and just lay there.
I'm screaming, there's my 200 bucks on the track.
Get up, you piece of crap.
That's the only thing that's...
And I've also seen pictures.
Now, this has got to be before even we were born.
Old fossils like us.
But they had monkeys on the backs of the dogs.
Did you ever see that?
No.
Yes.
Ask him about that.
I mean, I'm sure we'd ever had it down there.
But once upon a time, I think in the early part of the last century,
they had monkeys riding the dogs in dog races.
Where is Ken?
I'm sure he is.
I think he would know about it.
I've seen it.
I've seen it in film footage of it.
Yeah.
They're like to put some monkeys on the top of it.
Yeah, little tiny monkeys riding the dogs.
Monkey jockeys.
Oh, is he?
If you ever watch that,
number one happened to Cosell,
that little monkey Alvin Garrett.
Don't start with it.
Don't go there.
Not going there.
No.
Don't start with those Gary Bane comments.
Well, listen on that note.
Yeah.
It's already time for our first break.
I'm off for Kentucky.
Now, what are we going to be doing the rest of the week?
You're not doing any more shows this week?
No, I've got to work up there.
You know what I'm going to do?
Because I'm pretty much over the floors that my ears aren't open.
Don't you hate that when your ears are plugged up
and you're like, you're...
Especially when you have to fly.
I think that would help though.
I've got to go catch a plane.
I'll see you.
No, I mean, that's the only thing my ears would open up tomorrow.
I'd go out to Woodbine.
I think the sound of the machines might open up my ears tomorrow.
I'm going to give it a shot anyway.
Anyway, yeah, I've got a draw show tomorrow afternoon.
And then Friday, I got the handicap for show in the morning.
Tomorrow morning, I got to do sports.
Or, once Thursday, sports center,
I got about nine shows to do up there.
So...
So, now there is the ratings are coming out.
Now, what times are you flight?
1215.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
The ratings are coming out at 1130.
Hey, sleep and tell it noon.
Excellent.
Yes.
By the way, Beast just brought me monkey riding on a grayhound
a picture of this.
So, you have a couple of low times, September 15, 1935.
I told you.
I wasn't around then.
No, I said before we were born in this.
Oh, okay.
Long ago.
It's a great picture.
Yeah, and that isn't that a funny looking thing. We're gonna have Dossle the gray hand is yeah
Well, maybe that's what we can do maybe we can get the monkey off our back. We'll see let's hope cross your legs
I'll talk him Monday and have a safe trip. Thanks
The music
Express on the previous programs are those of the hosts guests and collars and you're not
solid
Maybe a plunge would open my eyes
Thanks, you wish right then take a look
Thank you, I'm excited ahead on that kid's round
Were you crushed back in
Hey everybody, I'm brown and brown accountable for everybody brown and brown
That's a human being I'm a thinker's appointment, but I got a brown nose and I know where I'm pointing
There was no rules to get them say they don't vote
highway
Possibly can show my so
Phoenix
I did one heck of a job and it sure pays off to be a crowning and another white maize.
The Christian founding, the National Guard, is down then now.
With orders just to get the press out of town, everybody go home.
There's nothing to see.
Everything here is picture-pain over hurricane gave us the big EC for the Eoconsumcial
and to be like a giant republic in Swain G.
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King.
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King.
I don't believe compassion is what we're like.
It serves the right to have less class and you descend to say it's a national disgrace
that you'd rather lie.
In the first place, this is no time to play the blame game.
Since we know that furry things are caused by babies,
who are not the right God of all might stride him with their land and carols grow.
Oh, we're achieving the America's right wing dream.
To make everybody like like these and their ignorance of a big.
Who gets his job from ocean of rich poor, how I miss heading back to a rainy and horses.
I'd rather do that as watch floating orcs is on the negligent vertebra now.
And I'll keep going down to keep finals ground.
I'm a negligent vertebra now.
But I'll keep going down to keep finals ground.
I was thinking of those funky dog races with a mucky's on the back.
You know that they have camel racing in the middle.
Do we ever see that?
Right, yes I have.
Well, it's really something alive.
But yeah, it is something to watch.
And they keep whipping on those poor damn things and whipping on them and beating on them.
Reminds me the camel at the die.
It was frothing at the mouth in that movie with Willie Ames.
Paradise.
Right.
Yes, I do.
Who was he a chicken at 20 times PB Cates?
No, PB Cates was in there.
She was voyish in Goyish.
That's what somebody said.
According to the turd, 10, 17 boy, look at this.
It's already time almost for the second break.
That's okay.
We're just here to kill an hour and a half until those ratings come out at 11, 30 this morning.
Boy, this is the day that a lot of people come inside the building.
Around the building, around the hood.
They're all like doing a green-ackle, aqua-quicks, a quip-stack.
Oh, oh.
Hey, you know, sometimes it's the things you can't see that can really be bad for you.
In South Florida for 28 years, dry concepts is absolutely the best at cleaning your carpets.
When you dry clean your carpets, you can clean today and entertain the night.
Carpets stay cleaner longer, with no sticky residue left behind and with over 50,000 satisfied customers, including yours truly,
I guarantee you won't be alone.
Let me remind you that dry concepts are also the experts in water damage restoration.
Good to know during hurricane season.
Certified technicians to get you out of the mold zone in just minutes, not days.
And dry concepts can get your home or been as dry within 24 to 72 hours.
It's quite entied.
And speaking of guarantees, they can be a guaranteed written price upfront before they roll up their sleeves and start through in a spectacular job.
In the top of it all, dry concepts has a state of the art oriental rug cleaning plant.
The only one in South Florida on site that's dedicated to keeping your expensive area roads looking brand new like you just laid them on the floor.
So to yourself a big favor, call dry concepts.
No games, no BS, no add on the price at the end of the deal.
A fantastic job every time it's guaranteed.
Call them tool free, and they'd grow it in the palm beaches at 1-800-248-5071.
Tell them that crusty, ancient neal, totally to call 1-800-248-5071 around the wicked web.
Log on to dryconcepts.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69-8-10.
You call that a consultant?
For the white house image is rightful, and the wee behind is rightful.
Two cadences left, folds aren't low.
Tony's known, Tony's known, Tony's known.
Over top show host is shopping.
So the reds are red, he's stopping.
When you want your leadership to blow.
Tony's known, Tony's known, he's your home.
He will totally hold bush ties.
Though he's called him that name before.
But if you need a medal in Tardrines.
Tony's known, he's your home.
Oh, bush thinks he'll be superlative.
And his views are quite conservative.
Smart look, I hear him, we don't know.
Tony's known, Tony's known, Tony's known.
I just looked at the past performance lines at Brother Derek Online.
He didn't have to have a lead.
He can race from off the pace.
I'm sticking with Brother Derek.
Don't let anybody talk to me often, okay?
Okay.
I'm just telling you that right now.
He's going to win the... he's a monster, man.
He's a monster.
You ever see a monster?
Every day.
How do you like that?
That Hank is bailing out at 12.15 and the ratings are coming in 11.30,
which means we ought to have money around new-ish.
So he's flying hell out.
Man, good choice.
Here's the poll result from yesterday.
The star-spangled banner should be sung in English only, 882, 58.1%.
You know my comment on the whole thing, this should be our biggest problem.
Oh, yeah.
This should be your biggest problem.
I bet you there's a fact coming, because I can actually hear the fact sound coming out there.
There we go.
The fact coming, yes.
Yeah, but I hear the fact sound coming on your end.
Well, at least to come here.
And with my ears plugged up, it goes to show you something.
Huh?
I can't wait to hear these great calls we're going to get today.
I know it's not going to be nearly as good as yesterday.
But it's Tuesday.
Tuesday's kind of like one of those in-between days.
It's not fish and it's not foul.
English only 882.
Who gives a Schmidt?
256.
Amen.
Boy, crap that people get all whipped up about.
It should be sung rarely.
It's a bad song, 190.
Amen to that too.
In any language, 159.
In English or Spanish only, uh, D.C. Ocho.
18.
Very good.
What?
Hey, I know my numbers, Mr. Spanish and Tadiano.
I know my numbers.
That's right.
Saturday, Monday.
And I hate to just pull only 11.
Onc.
Let's see, here's the fact you just sent from Phil and Gainesville for their poll.
How did legal day affect me?
Yes, I'm not calling it immigrant day because it wasn't immigrant day.
It wasn't the day without immigrants.
It was the day without illegal aliens, man.
Right.
And your boy, Lou Dobbs, he was going a Schmidt on last night.
Only you?
And Lou.
I even got a column on here that he wrote a, uh, you wrote a Comprehensive and he was on with your buddy Larry last night.
You know, it's just I want, I went to a pro immigrant rally.
It's not a pro immigrant rally.
It's pro illegal alien rally.
Okay, get it right.
More or less.
Seven million undocumented workers do the work many citizens refuse to do.
They deserve a shot of becoming legal.
Oh, yeah.
They're shot.
Yeah.
Well, what a crock that is.
Yeah.
So business they do work that.
What they do is they create the help to keep the minimum wage as low as possible.
Mm-hmm.
They're, they help the grave robbing big corporations and it's all a scam.
That's always the cover up for coming in legally.
All they're doing jobs that other people are going to do, bull crap, that other people aren't going to do at slave wages.
That's right.
And if anybody wants to know why those people are pouring across here and don't let those Mexican chamber of commerce types fool you on these talking head shows,
the conditions in Mexico are deplorable.
In fact, the conditions in most of Latin America are deplorable.
And these people are reproducing like rabbits and they got all these unwanted kids running around.
Under the age of like 15, running around with no jobs, with no education, with no nothing,
right?
Sleppers. In fact, you know something?
Sleppers.
Yeah.
That's the word that sums it up.
And that's why they're pouring across the border.
So instead of like, you know, all this BS, what they ought to do is be having a protest in Mexico.
Of course, they'll probably shoot them all, but that's another story.
Right.
Here's the fact that it says these people are protesting the yesterday should protest once a week.
What a pleasure it is to shop and get around town and homestead with everyone staying out of the stores.
Oh, it's from Stuttering Gil.
Now that a fact from Stuttering Gil in a long time.
Remember Stuttering Gil?
Sure.
Wow, that's exciting.
Well, wait, we'll hold off today's pool here for just a second or two, which has to do with the crap yesterday.
That's that fact from this guy in Gaines.
But who the hell are you, kid man?
They deserve a shot of becoming illegal.
You know something?
Well, let him go through the process, which is what immigrants really do.
Let him live up to the definition of immigrant.
Immigrant isn't somebody who sneaks in across the border and comes in illegal.
Okay, and works undocumented and gets hired by bunch of grave robbers to work for slave wages.
That's not immigrant.
Okay. That's called illegal alien.
Right. That's an invader.
And whatever happened to poor little alienito anyway.
I think the abueless may have squeezed a little bit too hard.
27 past 10 a.k.a.m.
Finally, a TV experience like no other.
Comcast, digital cable with on demand is easy to use, has lots to love.
And today you can try it for only $34.99 a month for three months.
Why is TV so much better with on demand?
I'm glad you asked, because for starters, you can watch a wide variety of movies and shows whenever you want.
It's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV.
On demand is a library of thousands of programs where you start when you say so.
With programming, including free movies, kids show his music videos, cooking shows, sports, home improvement shows,
guitar lessons, and so much more, you'll always have something good to watch right when you want to watch it.
And let's not forget about control either with on demand.
You can start it. You can stop it. You can pause it.
Rewind it fast forward programs using your remote.
You can't get all these things with satellite.
With up to 250 channels plus on demand, you can build your own TV schedule.
Who could possibly ask for more.
And best of all, on demand is free with Comcast, digital cable.
So pick your showtime, sit back and you wonder how ever lived without it.
Call today order Comcast, digital cable and HBO or the power of on demand for just $34.99.
A month for three months, invade call 305 Comcast or in sensational call 954 Comcast.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62 A.
Then Neil Rogers.
Sometimes I believe trust is more or less a fairy tale.
Seems like someone in CIA put the person in the United States on the spot.
Well, the information escaping.
And that embarrasses me.
And I'm going to ask for the truth from the people who work on my team.
And now I have to face the fears of big leaker.
We'll track and we'll try.
And it'll take some time.
And in the final outcome, you can be sure.
There's a big leaker.
That big leaker.
Working aside.
Also speaking of the Marlins.
Friends in that long shot.
So that must be the issue.
Maybe remember it was the fact that he were playing a big game last night.
Of course, he didn't play last night.
Or maybe the fact that everyone would stay at home and watch the Detroit Edmonton hockey.
The chase after.
Edmonton kicked the choice.
Right there in Edmonton, 4-3 last night.
That third period was sensational.
It was a thing of beauty and joy to my heart.
And all of you phony Red Wing fans in South Florida put on the Red Wing jerseys several years ago.
And they were like, oh, I have to detour one, two Stanley cups.
Oh, we're all big red.
We air so full of crap.
You wouldn't know Detroit from Iskriming Michigan.
Okay. What a joke.
In any rate.
So what was the issue of 6,017?
And like Hank said, Don Trub was pretty much alive tonight.
So that's supposed to be the big attraction.
Isn't it? That is the big attraction.
In fact, that's the only attraction.
Here's the fact that it says that people want us to see if they would have illegals.
I'm all for it.
Let's see our schools with less crowded classrooms because of the illegals and new textbooks and higher paid teachers.
Thanks to the extra money we'd be saving but not having the waste of educated illegals.
There you go. But we demand.
We demand.
We demand.
This and we demand.
But it will put it out.
You demand.
Yeah. I don't like that when people who are lawbreakers, just based out of the very way they come into the country,
I run around making all kinds of demands.
And I don't want to be treated like that while I go back where I came from.
It would be treated great.
Okay.
If 99% of the people who were participating who weren't illegals themselves yesterday,
if they knew what the conditions really were like in Mexico, which is where most of those people came from,
then they'd understand why they came here in the first place and why we have this mess.
And they'd understand that a country, just like Eisenhower said, a country that can't enforce its borders isn't a country and that's exactly correct.
You know, he said two interesting things in his life.
They were both true about being worthy of industrial complex and that was the other one.
He can't complain about America's immigration policy because basically we don't have one.
Right.
Out of control.
OOC.
Out of control.
Anyway, 900 and 12 votes on the poll.
How did illegal alien day affect you?
We asked 900 and 12 votes are goals of 1000 during the show.
I think we got a shot, Josh.
Definitely.
915.
Old bean.
Boy, look at this.
We're less than an hour away from those ratings coming out.
What is this?
It's raining.
Be something.
Scoring the first goal.
Oh, there you go.
There's Edmonton making that big comeback.
They were down to nothing.
They tied it up.
And then the truck went ahead and they tied it up again.
They won 43 last night.
I know nobody cares.
And the ducks of Curie Derser is the 7.
Beat the anxious Calgary flames.
915 votes illegal alien day.
How did it affect you?
Not at all.
That's what I voted.
660.
I didn't see any illegal aliens just there.
I saw a bunch of schmata heads, though.
In fact, on Sunday they had a big march.
It wasn't a protest, but they had a big march with the...
I guess they're all the cab drivers.
Yeah.
No, it was a sick march.
They all...
All the guys with the blue turban tail.
Oh, those cut us.
Those six.
No, the six guys in El-I-B-Illin.
Ah.
The six, they were all there.
So if you need the cab in town, I guess that they would have been tough day to find one.
Much less traffic yesterday on illegal alien day.
157.
Now, you notice my poll question.
How did illegal alien day?
I didn't say how to day without immigrant effect you.
And I'm going to get to that Lou Dobbs commonement, although he gets a little carried away.
Leftist, communist.
I ever...
He'd be good in a little of anacres.
Everything is communist, the communist.
You know?
Thank you, by the way, for using the proper labels.
Yes.
Illegal alien day.
And I can't imagine why we had one call yesterday.
Somebody saying, oh, there's all the noise and racking going on around Southwest A.
Yeah.
I don't know why, because the people that came out that are on Southwest A.
Street didn't come in illegally.
Okay.
There were a lot of blue-white flags like you were talking about.
Which I guess is Nick Raghwaz, that what they told us?
On the Anawa?
Yeah.
Is that what they said?
There was some red, white, and blue in the crowd there, but it was mostly blue and white flags that I saw in the local news.
I see.
Or is it Honduras?
Or is it outside?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
He's so old in a several times this morning.
Jack Para Raththaluck
Jack Bishop
It's Spe南
Jack CAR
Jack RJ
Social workers visit and stay at home after her son fell out of a high chair and suffered a heavy injury.
Brittany, you're pregnant again.
What you're not doing a very good job of taking care of your first kid.
Thank you.
And I was responsible for that.
Yeah, your response was for his safety.
Well, I didn't think of it at the time.
I can't believe you've got an electric.
And Surround is real.
Oh, yeah!
And he's playing with a bear trap.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, this is a new toy.
Exploding Elmo.
1044 at 560 WQM House.
That schedule come when we got voted.
Oh, God.
What a relief.
And we got that 2 to 4 Mad Dog 4 to 630 at the Mickey Arena, Arizona arena.
For game number 5, they're the bulls of the heat tonight.
The heat better get their eggs together, right?
You guys need to do something.
They got wall up twice in Chicago there by a girls team.
That's pretty embarrassing.
Marlins on decades 630.
I'm sure we're going to have a fantastic tune in for that with that heat game on tonight.
Marlins in the Phillies at the Stadium at 705 in any case follows that, which is a tough assignment.
6,017 the announce attendance last night.
I watched about...
In fact, that must have been the ending.
I tuned in when the Untel was blowing a game.
What?
What are you laughing about?
Because it was 5 to 2 Marlins.
They had a nice comfortable lead.
It was about the 67th inning, I think.
And Phillies were starting to come back.
They had a couple on and again infield.
They had the bases loaded and I turned back to the hockey game.
You know, he actually pitched a good game.
It's just for this team, he needs to like pitch all nine innings to then to win.
He gave up eight runs.
Yeah, but what an eighth inning.
He gave up eight runs, Mr. and 7 on the third inning is right.
Eight runs.
Now, he's supposed to...
He's a man.
He's the only guy that got that anybody ever heard of before on the pitch.
And you pitch a good seven innings.
You should be able to win a game, your starter.
Yeah, but hey, your starter, your starter.
Well, let me just tell you this, Mr.
They stunk.
They stunk?
They're 6 and 7 and 17.
They stunk.
And the crowd stunk and nobody cares.
Okay.
See, this is what gets me.
You know, got all these.
Just like Wayne again, nobody cares about hockey in that town.
You could fit.
You could fit in your under your armpit.
The number of people are really care about hockey.
I mean, nobody.
And so we got to build that bigger arena just to keep Wayne happy
because he's keep going, keeps threatening.
I'm going to move out.
I'm going to take it to the team and go in somewhere.
I'm going to Pocipsey.
I'm going to Scenectady.
You know, well, goodbye already.
You know, and the same thing with these losers, man.
With his David Samsung and Delilah and Luria.
God.
We're going to stand and tell me, well, goodbye already.
Okay, take up a strummy sandwich with you and have a good trip
and get lost.
And thanks for stiffing the public yet.
I got news for you.
They didn't just have a house cleaning man.
They had, they had like even in Hiroshima, they never saw this.
They had a destination.
In fact, I see a lot of similarities, but between what happened
with their organization and what happened with the Banjo
Boy Group Inc.
With this outfit.
Don't you see many similarities?
Huh?
Decimated.
Absolutely, decimated.
And by the way, if that normal don't we turn your email
or your call today?
I'm going to be so fraughting at the mouth with that
faggot.
You have no idea.
Keep sending me these emails.
Oh, well, George doesn't contact me.
And then you keep calling there.
They don't, he's returning your messages.
He emailed him this morning.
He's just playing fast and loose.
He just wants to get talked about on your lot of publicity.
Yeah.
God.
Oh, who can blame it?
Mr. Flandboy and faggot, the old FFR.
Anyway, Luda.
Luda's job's rights.
Radical group's taking control of immigrant movement.
We all are worked headlines in our nation's most important newspapers
reminding us that this is a day when I had immigrants, he said yesterday.
Not illegal immigrants mind you, but immigrants.
USA Today Headlined Today's Demonstrations in Boycott
on Immigration's Frontlines.
The New York Times headlines its story
with calls for boycott by immigrants employees
are gurd for the unknown.
The Washington Post and the LA Times are both
calling their coverage the immigration debate.
These major newspapers obviously don't
want to disturb their readers with the information
that today's demonstrations in Boycott
are about illegal immigration and amnesty
for illegal aliens.
CNN and Fox News are both using a banner
calling their coverage a day without immigrants,
while MSNBC is titling its coverage immigrant anger.
Most of the mainstream media has been absolutely
co-opted by the open borders and illegal immigration advocates.
I'm not opposed to demonstrations and protests
of any kind, says Lue.
Even by those who are not citizens of this country,
because one way or another, demonstrations and protests
enriching and bigger rate the national debate
and raise the public consciousness of truth.
But only one newspaper to its credit reported
that illegal aliens and their supporters
boycott of the national economy on the first of May
is clear evidence that radical elements of C's
control of the movement.
The Washington Post, a lot among national papers,
reported that answer act now to stop
foreign end racism has become an active promoter
of the national boycott.
Some illegal immigration open borders activists
in the Hispanic community are deeply concerned about the involvement
of the left wing radical group.
But others like Juan Jose Guediri,
who I've interviewed a number of times
over the past several months,
manages to be both director of Latino movement USA
and representative of answer.
As Guediri's told us on my show,
the time has come where we need to stand up
and make a statement.
We need to do what the American people did
when they pulled away from the British crown.
And I'm sure that back in those days,
many people were concerned that that was radical action.
Just how significant is the impact of leftists
within the illegal immigration movement?
It's no accident that they chose May 1st
as their day of demonstration in boycott.
It's the worldwide day of commemorative demonstrations
by various socialist, communist,
and even anarchic organizations.
Supporters of the boycott have made no secret
of their determination to try to shut down schools,
businesses, and entire cities.
Much of LA seven-street produce market
with supplies thousands of local restaurants
and markets was closed.
Many meatpacking companies like Cardinal and Tyson
also closing many of their plants.
The meatpackers are confirming what we know
is his University of Maryland Economics
Professor Peter Marici,
and that this is a large group of illegal aliens
in the US lowering the wage rate of semi-skilled workers,
people who are high school drop,
after high school graduates with minimal training.
In fact, the meatpacking job paid 19 bucks an hour
in 1980, but today the same job pays closer
than $9 an hour according to the labor department.
That's entirely consistent with what we've been reporting
that illegal aliens depress wages for US workers
by as much as $200 billion a year
in addition to placing a tremendous burden
on hospital schools and other social services.
Radicalism is not confined to good areas
and Latino movement USA.
Ernesto Navarrez of the LA Port Collective
is promising to shut down the Port of LA.
Transportation and commerce will come to a grinding halt.
He said they're gonna put a wall
along the border with Mexico.
We're gonna put a wall between us and the ocean
and those containers ain't gonna move.
No matter which flag demonstrators and protesters
carry today, their leadership is showing
its true colors to all who will see.
Says you're a hero, Lou Dots.
You go Lou, you go.
Totally you go.
You go.
You'll leave.
Well, he's doing his thing.
You know, that's right up his alley, man.
Outstrosing a job is any legal.
Those are his two, that's his thing.
That's his thing.
It's a spas you just sent.
Let's see.
Oh, here's the thing about the,
no, these are not the flags.
Oh, well, according to this it was.
It was not an Argentinian flag.
It was Nicaragua.
Nicaragua.
It's Isabelle de Cassada used to say
on the look of the moon.
Nicaragua.
Nicaragua.
The blue pattern has come to all the Central American states
being reminded of the union from the beginning of 19th century.
Each of the five original countries find a way
to differentiate the flag.
Costa Rica put a red strap in the middle.
Costa Rica.
Nicaragua and El Salvador, their coats of arms.
Honduras five stars.
And Guatemala turned the stripes vertically.
I just looked them all up.
It's just Nicaragua that shade the Argentinian flag.
I think it outweighed.
Oh, we saw of a sky blue shade.
Well, that's what I was trying to tell again.
We didn't know.
We got a few Argentinians,
but they came to watch some soccer games.
But that flag that we saw was Nicaragua.
Well, who cares?
What difference is it going to serve it?
All of the states except Guatemala have common elements
on their coat of arms, mountains, or volcanoes
with a sea on each side.
Successionist cap, spectrum star,
and inscription, America Central.
The triangle symbolizes equality.
These civilians on land may use also the flag
without the arms.
Well, they go.
In other words, like if you're like Bud Lynch,
and you only have one army, who still use the flag.
Bud Lynch is still doing the P-A-T trope
by the way, with Joe Luevich and Joe.
Oh, I'm a god.
He's got to be 100 years old now.
He used to come and feed us to myelories
when I got one arm.
That's very bad.
That's a bad taste.
Wouldn't you think?
I think.
He used to be the Red Wings announcer 100 years ago.
Bruce Martin and Bud Lynch, baby.
You better get with it.
You don't know your hockey history, man, at all.
No.
How are you ever going to survive in that town?
Easy.
984 votes on the pool.
We might get very close to 1000
by the top of the first hour.
989.
They're coming in and chucks now.
WDQ, I am your legal line.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Well, I say what this really makes me mad.
It's taken money right out of my wallet.
Yeah.
Because I'm just a slumber.
Just out here working.
And I could be making more money
if this wasn't going on.
They're depressing your wages, man.
And people don't understand.
I mean, it doesn't faze them.
The poor are.
And any group of people are willing to work for slave wages.
And it knocks everybody else's wages down,
just like the thing about the meat packers.
I used to work at a young intended as a meat cutter.
Young intended?
Yeah, which is Northmore, Gold Kist.
Yeah.
And we went on strike one year, that we actually had a union.
Like it did a lot of good.
The next phase, all the management,
had most loads of Mexicans coming in there.
And it didn't matter.
There you go.
I don't know.
I don't know what to do, Neil.
I say all the Mexicans go back and straighten their own
country out of this, what I say.
I mean, I want to pick out Mexicans specifically,
unless I have to, but I will.
Because I've seen some documentaries,
especially recently, on a condition that go on.
Really?
Slumber would be an understatement, OK?
One of the stories that I posted while you were on vacation
is all the horrible things that the Mexican government
does to people that want to get into Mexico
from the south of them.
Right.
Now they just shoot them, or rob them,
or rape them or all of the above.
Well, speaking of Robin and rape in them,
I mean, people said, well, you travel all over Europe
and here and there.
And how come you never go to Mexico?
I thought about it a couple of times, about five minutes,
and then I read about my first stories of the American
story.
How about that Canadian couple that went there?
Right.
Same old crap, man.
Cab driver picks you up.
And of course, maybe it's one of those gypsy cab drivers.
And if he feels you got some expensive jewelry, some money,
he takes you out in the middle of a no man's land.
And if you're lucky, he'll just take everything you got.
And just turn your loose out there.
If you're not so lucky, it's a bad thing.
That's all nobody ever sees you rash again.
That's not my idea of tourism.
That's called murderous last time I checked.
Now we're going to probably get people say,
oh, well, we went to Mexico City.
We went to a Acapulco and had a wonderful time.
Well, good.
OK, here are some of the lucky ones.
You came back alive.
That's why I say I went out of Cruz and had a good time.
Well, that's great.
Congratulations.
WQIM, hello.
QIM.
What the hell was that?
I'm sorry.
Me too.
WQIM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
How are you?
How are you?
I'm fine.
All right, I think I'm OK.
About 30% of immigrants that got caught in the beach
when they did the right stuff.
They were disneyed.
They have.
I'll be damned.
What's all they're looking for?
I'm trying to get away from those Nazis that invaded their country.
Probably.
Maybe they're trying to get out a real man where men are men
and some of the women are too.
One must be OK, thanks, pal.
Yeah, maybe that's what it is.
What I say, Buenos Aires is in Argentina.
I've been talking about Rio's in Brazil.
I'm sorry.
I'm getting all my countries confused.
That's OK.
That's OK.
They're still both big cities.
There's probably a lot of drag queens in Buenos Aires, too.
How about San Diego?
How come we don't have no Chileans, man?
Are they picking grapes or what?
That's a good question.
Isn't that what Chile is?
I mean, I've been having two famous four.
Come on.
You never heard of those good grapes from the sour grapes
from Chile.
I might have never, never heard of them.
So in grapes, man, it's fantastic.
Good stuff.
It'll give you good solid.
Yeah.
Every time, man.
Results.
Good solid.
It'll make you real regular.
A real regular clown.
And we don't have anything about Chile.
I realize that's pretty far away, but so is Argentina.
How about Paraguay?
How about them fascists, huh?
Right.
And Peru, do we have any Peruvians
pouring in across the border?
We must.
But we must have a truck.
And how about Venezuela, man?
They might want to stay there because they're getting
truffs and gallon gas from Hugo Chavez.
I say we send George Bush to Venezuela
and bring in Hugo Chavez.
How do you like that?
Caesar Chavez and Hugo Chavez.
And look what we got on our poll right now.
This is a clarion moment, man.
A thousand votes, even.
This is Neil Roger Show.
This is the Neil Roger Show.
Well, this is your boy.
How could you laugh?
Any questions?
Coming up tonight on Inside the Behind the True Hollywood
Celebrity Music Bography Profile Story.
If you look up Feel Good Music of the 80s
in the dictionary, you won't find a thing.
But if, in a parallel universe, you
could look up Feel Good Music of the 80s in the dictionary,
you'd probably find his big grinning love next to it.
He was Kenny Laganside.
Now, it got a catch in his brain.
It got a catch in his brain.
I'm just a tall thin white guy with a beard
who's one great joys to share some gentle, non-threatening good times.
What was that?
Did you say that makes me kind of gay?
I didn't say anything.
Listen, nobody calls Kenny Lagans gay.
But listen, you brought it up.
What about that duet you did with Stevie Nicks?
Whatever I call you.
What about it?
Whenever I call you friend, that's kind of gay.
What about Danger Zone?
Danger Zone Rocks, man.
All right.
Danger Zone versus what?
ACDC?
ACDC.
Still going to tell me you rock, Kenny.
This is the limit I am going to go meet my girlfriend,
walk around the outdoor mall in my chinos,
get some frozen yogurt and kiss her.
Hard.
Kenny Lagans.
Like they say, denial is not just the thing you do.
Do avoid the truth.
Oh, wait, that is what it is.
It's a big juicy shopping web look at show business tonight,
on Inside the Mind.
It's 11.01 at 5.60 W.D.
Here, we got the winter arbitrar rating
going out in about a half an hour.
And man, oh, I've got to hit his align in that TV room right now
all the way out the door and up to Jacksonville.
You think?
It was kind of crowded when I went in there to see it.
Oh, yeah.
And if it was crowded then you can just imagine
what it is now.
You probably can smell it.
Well, it depends on you.
I have to add pull, too bad pull reports for the Bushmeister.
I'll get to those in a second after we take a thousand calls.
And then of course, Rush got the brush on a hand,
giving us smack on a hand.
That's what happens to rich white guys, man.
See, that kind of called in yesterday
that it was all about the shape of about the duke
of the cross players.
If you were to pick down Rush Limbaugh as an example,
I'd have said, yeah, that is a good example for you.
White guys put a lot of money who get off when they do
like Kobe Bryant, O.J. Simpson.
W.D.C.Y.M. Hello.
Yeah, how do I get a passport to Miami?
Yeah.
Oh, I think I don't think you want to go there, man.
First you got to go to Cuba.
I think he wants a passport out of Miami.
That's right.
First you come to Canada, then you fly to Cuba.
That's the way you do it.
You got plenty of flights.
Air Canada flies to Cuba many times today here.
No problem.
That's because y'all are companies.
That's right.
A lot of coming pinkers up here and you can go to any cigar
store all over town and to run
by all the Cuban or cigars you want.
That fake.
Speaking of cigars, I sure hope if my ears ever open up,
I can try those really nifty ones that
Brett sent me for 43 bucks.
FedEx charges.
Anybody ever make any comment about that?
I'm sure not.
So because that would have indicated number
when he was listening.
And number two, he admitted to being a jerk.
Hey, Brett, you're a jerk.
One of our sales holes.
W.D.C.Y.M. Hello.
NEO, good morning, sir.
Where is this?
I work in the street and I'd like to say
if traffic is going to be like that, let's not.
Well, wait, wait, wait, wait.
When do we mean work in the streets?
Yeah, I work in the street.
You know, I do the liries, you know,
all kind of stuff.
Oh, I see.
And if traffic is going to be like that,
I say we have illegal alien day quite a week, buddy.
OK.
Later, Bobbler.
OK.
So illegal alien day, every day of the week,
keep that traffic light.
When fact, much less traffic is a very strong second place,
173.
In fact, other than not at all, it'd
be an affected by us today.
Much less traffic is numerator or uno.
See, kick an ass.
Big time.
70 QAM.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
How are you, sir?
OK.
OK.
Oh, bad.
Hey, listen, I had a question for you.
There's actually a comment on the best thing about yesterday.
There was less traffic and it looked wonderful to light.
But more importantly, I wanted to know.
Somebody get Mr. Rogers, so he could rub peanut butter on my
neck, both please.
70 QAM.
Hello.
And what are you going to stand up, Neil, and do something?
I mean, go to the gas tank.
Go to the waste truck and fill up.
So you could just tell Chevron to stick it.
Fill it up the waste truck.
Startle the revolution.
The revolution has begun.
Go to the gas tank.
Oh, yeah.
All right.
Little did we realize the good shipment was coming in today.
That's what we were doing yesterday, because there was too
much confusion and constipation and constipation.
But the shipment obviously arrived today and we only
want to know where our part is.
That's right.
It's nice to hear.
WQYM, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
He was Mexican labor day.
Yeah.
That's what it was.
Hey, you know what?
Neil, I have a radio station crossing with you.
It's really bad.
I'm sure you probably heard of it already.
Yeah, we heard about it.
And this station doesn't tell us anything about it.
We're supposed to pretend it doesn't exist, yeah.
There, like, you hear between you and some more Mexican species.
That's that Mexican government again.
It's a bunch of illegal.
It's probably got a private station on 560.
Bye.
OK, thanks for the good news.
You were hearing a lot of that.
And back in the day, at WS News, we had this also when Castro cranked up one of his
stations on 790, no less back in WNWS back in the day.
And so what we did is we filed with the FCC and to go from 5,000 to 10,000 watts and we
got approval pretty quickly and went to 10,000 watts.
And just we overpowered them with a louder signal, OK?
Now we could be doing that here at QAAM, but of course we're not going to do it.
We wrote a letter to the State Department and we're upset and what are we going to do
like that, you know?
I have a suggestion for management.
First of all, you cannot do it to me.
What the hell?
Exactly.
Stand up to a man.
Don't put up with him.
Spiny little Mexican's in that illegal station here on 560.
Crank this baby up.
I remember one of the first lies that Greg Reed told me when he was trying to entice me
to sign with his outfit with the Banjo boy group pink.
Oh, we can go 50,000 watts and about a bit of up and we five tower array in the Everglades.
Yeah, they're going to spend the money.
They would like put up the towers to go directional and go 50,000 watts.
On a scale of minus infinity, what we just say the chances that happening are none, none,
none to much, much, much less than none.
Zero, settle, 1023 votes, man.
That's pretty impressive.
How did the illegal alien day yesterday affect you?
Not at all, 736.
Much less traffic, 174.
Spent some extra money just out of spite just to be real far-bitten, 47.
Didn't go to work, 19.
I hate this pool, 17.
Didn't open my business, 12.
Didn't go shopping, 12.
Worst traffic, 7.
And I must be in homestead.
And didn't go to school, none.
Out of a thousand and 30.
Out of 1030, W.D.B.C. and Boston, 1030.
Radio 103.
Top of the Bruce Bradley show on W.D.B.C.
Here's Dave Maynard and Carl D'Souzen, Jefferson, K and J. Dunn.
Boy, that was a great station, you know.
No.
Leafs, T-Win, TV, when they were talking about some report from W.D.B.C.
and Boston, this punk Jeff Merrick, who was a real idiot.
He says, oh, here's this story from W.D.B.Z. in Boston.
Now, I realize that Canadian say, now, a Canadian say Z for the letters Z.
It's a holdover, I guess, from the Brits.
They just can't help themselves.
But anybody who's in the radio business to be seen, W.D.B.Z.
I mean, come on, man.
Come on, Jeff.
Push up a little, you silly person.
And Bill Waters just made an idiot out of it.
Nice call, Billy Boy.
Listen, Wade.
W.D.Q.A.M. Hello.
I like yesterday, Pollywood, chop the cow.
Hold for me.
Come on, come on, come on.
Come on to Q.A.M. Hello.
How are you today?
OK, sir.
On the immigration hot day.
Yeah.
Quick comment.
I find myself being more and more upset with our government
than the illegal immigrants themselves.
They had enforced the laws that are in effect.
Yeah.
I mean, they haven't been for 30, 40 years now.
Do you remember the old scam they had
that to get some of the people who jumped
the old company one or prize or something?
And they come and collect the prize and they arrest them.
Well, yesterday would have been the perfect day
to gather more of illegal.
Well, everybody needed a pretty big net yesterday.
A little net would have been a start at least.
Yeah, a butterfly net.
It just fires me up.
I'm a good day.
OK.
Would gas prices sky high in Oendon, Iraq
were inside President W.S. approval rating
is in an all-time low in two polls.
The new CBS poll only 33% approve of Mr. Bush's performance
as lowest approval rating yet in that poll.
And majority 58% say they disapprove.
74% of Americans disapprove of the president's handling
of the gas prices.
Thank you, Mr. President.
So betty, betty much for those low gas prices, by the way.
You fashest bastard, you, you bastard.
And six months before Republicans
tried to hold onto Congress in the fall elections
and new poll shows that President Bush has
decided to lowest approval rating of his presidency
and majority of voters say they vote for Democrats in November.
A USA Today Gala Poll taken this past weekend
found Bush's approval rating down to 34 points in that poll,
two points under his previous low.
He's feeling mighty low.
He also received the lowest ratings of his presidency
on his handling of the economy, energy, and foreign affairs,
tying his previous low on Iraq 32%, a tranquidose.
The poll showed Democrats leading 54% to 39% of my registered voters.
What has which party they'd prefer to congressional race?
How do you like that?
54% to 39%.
Republicans falling faster than that ball in Times Square
on New Year's Eve.
That's what Dick Clark said.
He knows his crap.
By the way, he's still alive.
How do you like that?
Yeah, he is.
Sort of.
Here, footy is retiring this week.
We had that on yesterday.
Yeah.
It's big news and radio, man.
Footy is retiring.
Anybody interested?
Anybody even know who that is?
No.
32% of the only, I think only Ronson John has been on the
or longer and had less impact in the market than the footy.
Ronson John's been on the year 72 years in South Florida.
Nobody ever heard of him.
Except he did the P at the ball games.
Was it the dolphin games he did when he already
did the Marlins?
I don't think he did the Marlins, did he, John?
No.
Never heard of him.
So I see.
There you go.
But he's been on the year for 110 years in South Florida.
Ronson John on a magic, whatever he's on.
On pills.
Oh, look at that.
Malvo said to testify against Mohammed.
That'll probably piss off those schmataids again.
Remember Lee Malvo and that John Mohammed?
The snipers.
They were the snipers, baby.
When I was in big story news, you were the snipers.
Yeah.
WQIAM.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
My you miss one of Blaine went on the pole.
My favorite hooker just there.
Yeah, OK.
WQIAM.
Hello.
Hi, which of last number?
No, God.
Whatever it is, you ain't getting it.
Was that that was him on it?
Oh, yeah.
Just give us a jingle, OK?
Just look it up on our website.
It's right there.
56070560, pound 560 in the Verizon and Singular wireless line.
That was very bad on your part.
That was just kind of contemptible.
WQIAM.
Hello.
You're going to Canada.
Yeah, huh?
Yeah, we're waiting for Thursday.
Thursday's his day for medication.
WQIAM.
Hello.
Especially like the personality too.
Put a lot into it.
WQIAM.
Hello.
It's a little alien.
It's in the basket.
WQIAM.
I got fresh.
All right.
Yeah, I told you to put it on.
I wasn't a while.
And Whitney snorted it.
1044 votes.
Well, I tell you, if we do as well in the book,
where the book comes out as we're doing on these poles,
man, we are kicking some big fat, serious, smelly pimpley ass.
In spite of the tremendously entertaining diverse programming
that's putting on across the street according to them.
Just ask Greg Kotex.
He'll tell you.
Man, like I said before, you can try all you like.
You can't talk yourself into success.
You can put a pile of dog manure on a table,
and you can dial it all up.
You know how they do in fancy gourmet restaurants
with the desserts, and they put the little stuff
around the edges.
They put a little tiny dessert in the middle of the plate
on a big plate.
And they put a little bit of chocolate and raspberry.
Or you know what I'm talking about?
What do they call that?
I don't know.
But I know what you're talking about.
But you know what I'm saying.
Now, you could put a whole bunch of that around that dog
manure.
You know something?
Anybody that walks in within five seconds
or go, oh, it smells like dog manure in here.
And the same thing with these guys across the street, man.
As weak as we're probably going to be in this book,
I effort it for them evil, horrible things.
Because as Joel Feinberg once very accurately said,
we would do anything to hurt them.
Except for our buddy Joe Rose, we liked Joe.
But other than that, we would do anything
to punish them, to brutalize them.
We used to like booster too, until he got in the data
then the bastards pocket with both hands.
Here's the fact.
Has it come to this?
I just have things gotten so bad that Americans
are not fighting for what is a fruit picking
and domestic job service?
What has happened to the real jobs?
The high tech and good service jobs,
the benefits and career advancement.
They all went to India.
They're outsourced.
People hate the illegals because they're Mexicans.
If it was really about Jews, why aren't people
voting out all the politicians who have outsourced
our economy and refuse to raise the minimum wage?
Says aren't highly.
What did the Jews got to do with that?
I don't know.
What do you think about that comment?
That's a plot.
Yeah.
What about the engines, man?
This guy, no, people don't hate the illegal.
In fact, I don't think people hate the imperial.
I think that they just pissed off because they're illegal.
He says they hate the illegals because they're Mexicans.
No, because they're illegal.
We have a system of immigration.
It's a country of laws.
OK, you don't just pick and choose and decide,
well, I'm going to come in and I want this
and I want that and I want a better way of life.
There's a lot of people want a better way of life.
And by the way, not all of them want to come to America.
I don't see civilians and civilians
of people just sneaking across the Canada,
the US border to go into the US, do you?
No.
I wonder what that's all about.
And maybe because the people here have a pretty damn good, eh?
Maybe because things are so bad, maybe because they're not
a little like shleppers like in Mexico.
And they're not making babies like cockroaches
because they don't pay too much attention to the Pope here.
They don't even read any Pope here.
How do you like that?
Which is very good choice in our party.
1150 in the Q&A, but a pressure is building, man.
I think it would have a gigantic.
Oh, man.
You're going to have to dump it because when that sound comes
across, you'll be able to smell it.
That's all right.
We can dump gigantic.
That's what I'm talking about.
You know, soundflow is famous for its trade shows.
They're both shows, car shows, bridal shows, home shows,
art fairs, galore, and more.
Now, if you're a trade show exhibitor,
the one game you need, the one name and game you need
to know is Pub-Set.
Pub-Set creates the absolute top of the line attention
grabbing, steal customers from the competition trade show
displays.
Call 954-7727275 right now.
And Pub-Set will get you all set for success.
Don't forget now when it comes to design printing posters,
banners, and especially trade show displays.
Pub-Set's been doing the very best for 14 years.
954-7727275 right it down for Pub-Set.
It's 954-7727274.
75, what I say?
772-77275 was closed.
One of them wasn't the one that were off.
It's like I missed out on that lot of that day.
From design to setup, Pub-Second and audio trade show needs,
and rest assured that Pub-Set will separate you
from the competition.
Don't look second rate, you only get one chance to look great.
Pub-Set is the way to do it.
Call 954-7727275.
Like I said, we're going to Pub-Set SF.com.
For top notch design, trade show graphics, and displays,
Pub-Set's the smart way to do it.
Look for my ugly-ass picture on your building along
Dixie Highway, just North of Commercial Boulevard,
and then call Pub-Set today at 954-7727275.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
We're going to land the chicken here.
We want the world to be a jerk.
We'll cut your grass, boom, be a man.
The well-ehas of the best, everything and done.
They come into America to cut your bones.
They're all in your dreams.
They're the watch your cars.
Try to avoid the immigration.
Start on a man's border.
How can man no stop and fail?
I'm the way, things you want.
The jobs we want.
You're holding it, paid into the dollar.
Or two weeks to ship them all down the alley.
Gain me, let them go, then when did the chain?
Yeah!
Come, we're open to dark.
You will be the star.
The well-evolved of the cross.
The indraciduit's yours.
They come into America to do what you want.
At all the ones that stand on the fun.
All they want is you as long as you clean and thus.
They're fallen off and there's no stopping there.
They're all in the game.
They're the sisters for the embarrassed.
You're the reason that's why they start to quit men.
On the streets go on and give them all of these up.
They're all going away and we're coming to the end.
That's a good idea.
All the Indian people came to America to say,
I'm a J&RU.
Never partner whoever that might be.
I think I have a pretty good idea.
Life partner?
Yeah, her life partner.
Somebody looks like Madeline Albright.
21 past 11 at 5.60 WDQAM.
174 votes on a pool.
Why that's an important stuff on here, man.
Including driver arrested and road rage attack on Jason Taylor.
You saw that guy.
You already told me that.
Oh boy, he looks strange.
But speaking of strange, just amazing how we keep going back
to the same crooks again.
Ahmed Chalibay, the man who helped provide cooked intelligence
on a rank to the Pentagon New York Times,
is once again being engaged by the US and policy decisions
on Iraq and Iran.
Right.
He gave all of our secrets to Iran.
And so now we're going to sign them up again.
Well, we might want to cook something up on them.
I got all kinds of good stuff.
And this story, just, this is what they ought to be screaming about
instead of the duke and the lacrosse players and all of their crap.
MSNBC confirms out at CIA agent Valerie Plain was working on Iran.
And the story that they had last night on NBC NewsWars,
or maybe I saw the MSNBC, was that once she was outed,
and of course was no longer useful as a CIA agent,
that cut off their ability to really be on the inside
and around what that was going on.
So just another just floundering around
and making all kinds of threats and posturing and et cetera and so on.
We're going to nuke here because obviously politics
and getting even and smearing and smearing Joe Wilson
was more important than keeping her identity secret.
So I'm thinking that all the people involved,
and including that anxious Bob Novak,
that old bullfrog, Bob Novak, they ought to be on death row, right?
People involved in that.
And speaking of Crux, Silvio Berlusconi today is the day
officially to win the towel.
One of the world's biggest Crux,
the real Fashist stuff there ever was when he makes Mussolini
look like Ted Kennedy.
That's how far to the right he is, Silvio Berlusconi.
Fashist, they finally resigned, you know?
They tried to find out the way he called up Bush to see if they could fix the election
and Bush said, sorry, Pali, can't help you out.
Too late.
Catherine Harris has got her own problems.
1777 votes on that pull man rolly,
seven to ten minutes away from the beginning of,
could be the beginning of something good?
Remember that song?
This could be the start of something big Steve Lawrence and Edie Gorham
who is missing that?
I'm sure I don't have that.
Try to think, no, I know, that's in the 50s.
Try to think who won't say Edie Gorham on the year.
Try to do it.
Somebody of, probably a Rush Limbaugh.
And it could either be that,
or this could be the start of the, this is the end.
Remember the door is this the end, my friend?
Could be that.
I don't know.
Rock solid.
W.A.M. illegal line.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hey, what's up Neal?
Neal, you know what?
I think one of these illegal Mexican immigrants that weren't hard
and provide for the family any day before an African American
that sits on a little crate in the middle of the,
okay, great.
Okay.
Not that he's racist or anything like that.
I did the dumb.
5670560, Pali, you would take one?
In other words, for what?
For like your slave is Edith?
That's right.
That's one of your people, by the way,
something like he's from Nicaragua, probably.
Go back to Nicaragua, okay?
Go back with Isabella Cassada, Nicaragua.
Do we actually have anybody?
I know we got that professional Elliott Rodriguez is still on
here on Channel 4.
God, he gives me spielkeys.
Remember, and of course then, there's always spielkeys in a ray.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Yeah, let's speak to Neal.
Speaking.
Hey, Neal, I got a great plan.
You came to touch down it yesterday.
Every one of these people, when they apply, if they're going to allow them to become
citizens, the very first thing they got to do is serve in the draft.
I mean, after all, it's time to war.
I say send to Iraq, baby.
All the illegal is going to Iraq.
I agree.
I told you.
Maybe in the United States, let's give them a visa, master card, and send to Iraq.
You got it, boss.
Take care.
Okay, put them right there on the front lines, eh?
Who's up there, Army?
I mean, Colin Paul said we didn't send enough troops.
Let's just train these bastards and say, okay, go over there and kick some ass, okay?
And a bit they got some nice low-paying wages, uh, wage jobs and how about...
I mean, how about instead of picking cotton and grapes and lettuce, how about picking a good fight with seven em.
My head.
Pickin' land on a terrorist.
That's right.
Pick this.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I think I got it like, you know, I think maybe I have a pitch-nerver in my neck.
Would that affect my shoulder, too?
Yes.
When, what do you do for that?
Uh, well, much, I guess.
Wait, take a muscle relicer or go see a specialist.
Go see a specialist to do what?
To look at your neck to experience, to make sure that that's what's going on there.
What do you mean by that?
But I didn't say the C word.
I see.
Sonoran's like a cat.
A tumor in my neck?
Like a real doctor.
No, they can actually connect to see if there is indeed a pitch-nerver inflammation or something like that.
Well, what's the C word got to do with that?
The chiropractor.
Oh, you didn't say that C word.
I thought that was a cancer like that.
No, no, not that.
Oh, well, why not?
Oh, chiropractor, I don't...
That's right.
My brother was a chiropractor.
That's right.
He was on my back.
That's right.
That would be the last thing I would go, and I just waited out.
I think he had a good idea.
I maybe got some of them extra sanctos.
Versitis, ass burns.
You know, there's nothing like that.
That's what Joyce told me.
There ain't nothing like good ass burn.
In fact, the ratings are coming out pretty soon speaking of that.
26 past 11 a.k.a.
I am.
Oh, man.
The pressure is on.
Can you just imagine?
Oh, man.
Woo!
Clarins poor Clarins, man.
He was into this morning.
He just shed in tears like Alison, Alison, Wonderland.
And then Hank whipping all over his ass because yesterday, Clarins in the beast had a
baghank to stay on past 9-10 because he had that big celebrity golf tournament to go to.
They had a bag and cleaned with him.
They had it like a negotiate.
They had it bring in the negotiated, equit play and pinuckle under Godfather.
Hey, if you think you have bugs, termites in your home, you better call Riddet Pest Control today for a free
termite inspection because now is the time.
You know, now is the officially May the 2th.
Now is the time to get started chewing up your house.
Riddet Pest Control uses that amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and termites
X 100% on contact.
They are gone faster than you can say.
God help us when the book comes out.
If you have termites, it's the best possible way to get rid of them.
You don't have to tense your home like any we've all seen that.
But that looks so bad.
It's an embarrassment.
No worrying about poisonous gas.
No moving out or hotel stays.
No worrying about food or pets in your health.
They treat your home with this amazing orange oil.
You don't have to leave it all.
In fact, when they're not treating your property, the only thing left behind is the clean set
of oranges for a few days.
You'll be running around sniffing all over the place.
It's a much higher.
It's true.
If you have a termite problem or think you might have one start in call, Riddet Pest Control
right now and nip it in the bud and find out about their amazing orange oil treatment that kills
termites and termites.
100% on contact.
No kidding, no BS, no kidding.
Call right now for free inspection.
Absolutely no obligation.
Call 1-800-447-4348.
That's 1-800-447-4348.
This is Neal Rogers.
This is 5.62-8.
W-I-O-D-O-I-HAT station.
All right.
I think the damn price is rising.
I think it's a good thing.
I'm trying to over here.
I see gas prices fell rising.
Don't go so slowly.
I see people who can't pay.
What if it's a line?
Don't drop off the line.
Cause the cost is outside.
They'll get rise on the rise.
I think you're wet.
I see.
Yes, you're freezing hunger.
I see their owners full of fear.
They'll see if I reach numbers.
When they get their gas bill for the year.
Or, they don't drop off the line.
But the cost is outside.
They'll get rise on the rise.
11-33-27.
Thank you again, Mr. President Day for those low gas prices.
Any second now, any second I'm going to bring in.
Bringing you my back pages for the birds.
I got my stapler all set here.
I got a whole, I got a reem over there, man.
Really?
I got a big reem.
Because I think the grim reemer is going to become any minute.
Now, this story you just asked me,
which you noticed it was sent to Whispery from the University of Dives.
Go for it.
Go for it.
Go for it.
Go for it.
Go for it.
Go for it.
Go for it.
Go for it.
Go for it.
And a show about the aggressive management we got.
Here's the story that they passed me from Down the Street,
where the MOOCow is.
Broward County Commissioner has finalized an agreement today that
makes WIOD 610, the County's official emergency information
radio station during hurricanes.
What?
WIOD.
I hate that stage.
Inside that.
Remember this last Wilma.
And I volunteered to work on the day when we really had
the big blow. Right. And he said, well, we don't know if we're going to bring anybody
in there who can work the board that day. And I mean, I couldn't have done the show on
that Monday. It was a Monday. I'll never forget it. And so the game ended today off.
Yeah. I could have worked. I mean, there was no hurricane here. We just find some with
shining black squirrels who run around. By the way, we ever seen black squirrels? Sure.
Where was that all over the place? Really? Here in North Carolina. I've never seen any
Florida. Here we got like a whole bunch of black squirrels. Anyway, the 24-hour news
station's agreed to broadcast all of Browards media briefings and emergency announcements
during a hurricane. They'll also promote hurricane and emergency preparation events on the
air for the county. In exchange, the station will be promoted as the official emergency
news outlet and all of Browards hurricane materials such as preparation guides sent to the public.
Because so many people are with electricity after major storm, they'll depend on radio
news. The agreement will make the station one of the most listened to broadcast outlets
following a storm. The commissioners will vote on their agreement if they're meeting
today. It's in fact, in fact, their meeting air there. It's already a done deal 10
o'clock this morning. It's a sign sealed delivered. How do you like that, huh? So my
point I make it is that if we have an hurricane this year that hits out Florida, we have
let's hope not, but a will-mo-like situation. I'm not working those days. What's the
point? Yeah. When you agree? I don't think any of us should. No. It was just layout.
We just probably have a golf game to play in a rain. Something like that. Because what's
the point? We don't want to compete and bring. We sit back. Well, we don't know anything
about news and we don't really have that's not up our alley. And what does that have
to do with sports anyhow? Oh, Jesus. Remember what I was saying? Is that a piece of any
kind of national emergency or local emergency who retains terrorist attacks? This would
be one of the last days most people would turn to. Not because of this show, but because
of the fact that what does it have to do with sports just like on 9-11 and there's the
squeaky ones in. What would we say about it? We got to talk sports. Why do we want to
interrupt our program? What are we going to say about it? While the planes were hitting
the world trade center, this little silly ass tour was sitting there squeal and crap. And
took us like an hour and a half before we finally got the common sense to put the TV
sound audio on there and let public know what that was going on. That thing to me, that
was the epitome. When you say sports bar with a microphone, I would say irresponsible
sports bar with a microphone. Even in a sports bar, they probably turned on CNN on 9-11
when you think so. I would have thought. If they were hanging out in the bar that early
in the day, I would have think so. They probably turned on the certainly not news network
to see what that was going on as opposed to going like, what a being going to say about
it. What a simple demand. What an assimpering idiot. But you know, he's part of that
trumpet there. He, Robert Creeper and Clarence are doing some three ways and once they're
on the beast kind of piles on. So anyway, you saw that movie with, I don't think you
did see the one I was talking about with Rob Lowe and James Spader. That influence.
I didn't think I saw it part of it. Never. Yeah, it was pretty interesting. Except for
the ending was as usual. No decent movie, bad ending. Lot of movies. They need to work
it out of flesh. Yeah. All you despros out there, there was Rob Lowe's ass.
Right. Oh, man. Not a big deal. Believe me. A small ass. But a lot of nudity. You'd like
that. But and a good storyline about how Rob Lowe, we never do find out though why he's
decided to do this. You know what? That's kind of looked up in the air. Why he's like
decided to invade James Spader's life and just pretty much taken over the whole deal.
The best season in the home movie though, when they're having the reception, James Spader
and his fiancee and here's they're all dressed up in tuxedo's and it's a very formal occasion
and all these stuffy people are there and the prospective father-in-law is there in the
whole family. The Gonsumish Fah and Rob Lowe's sticks in the VCR. A tapie made of James Spader,
nailing this bra that he hooked him up with the night before and he's got the videotape
and he just happens to pop in there and they're all screaming in the father-in-law's chasing
him down the street. You were son of a bitch. Yeah, it's great. Well, he wanted to emancipate
him from this cell that he was going to get married to. I'm sure you don't even understand
that. No. That's a true friend. Well, I'm looking at the clock boys and girls and looks
like 20 till noon to May. Looks like 1140 in North America in the Eastern time zone to
May, Eastern daylight time and I don't hear any, you're shrying out in here any clapping
out here. Hey, hey, hey, you're screaming. I heard nothing. You ain't got nothing yet?
Nothing yet. I ain't seen nothing yet. Oh my God. Well, we better do the break because
when we come back, I might have piles here. This is Neil Rodger. You're an old idea,
Roma. This is 5.62.8. I think it's hard to think.
Hey, you're doing great because it's not in your child's equate. Okay. Not the world,
baby. I love you, Trump. I love you, two babies, but just stay quiet, okay? I said
quiet. You're not able to get anywhere in your child's age. They know it hurts. Trump
ain't left. Okay. I know you want me to be quiet.
I'm not going to be quiet again. Show them. Show them. Show them. I told you to show them
by the way I have to do that. I said show them. Okay, so this is not the first grade.
This is some other grab. Now, how's that possible? No. Well, they just now handed me hot
off the presses. The 12 plus. Are they smiling or are they frowning? Are they like
beating the chains? Is that bivalent? So I don't know if you even looked at them.
Ambivalent? What is your 12 plus? I mean, too much. You want me to waste your paper with
them? Oh, yeah. I want everything in there. Come on. It's all because this is the book.
This is the book. And you know what the Lord said? The good book tells you that, yeah,
don't forget it's not important that we succeed, but that the people we don't like fail.
Now, here's the story. You just facts me in a false alarm that I thought here comes the
first page. Man, this was exciting. I'm I state the wrong position here. Karen McDonald,
the mother charged with snatching 11 year old son in fling the country told a judge Monday
that she feared her ex her gay ex husband was trying to turn their son gay. How do you do that?
Looks like that boy's building. We got her. Remember? McDonald's who made the statement when
a jury was out of the courtroom during her third day of trial has admitted that she abducted
her son from a brown preps school in 2001 and fled with him to Costa Rica. An artist
not living in Key West. She depended on her actions by alleging that she did so because of her ex
husband's gay lifestyle. The jury was removed from the courtroom as the judge decided what
portions of her testimony, including details about her ex husband's sexual past would be heard by the
jury. Later when the jury returned, McDonald talked about how during their marriage she suspected
he was gay, described how he started wearing tight-fitting clothes and looked a little gay. Not
very gay. He looked a little gay, you know, like medium gay. Yeah. I didn't understand how
somebody can be straight and then be gay, she said shaking her head. McDonald's faces up to five
years in prison of convicted. Painted herself as a devoted wife who cared for her husband. They
murdered an 80- and four-lawed real 89. She discovered she was pruggling. They divorced in 97.
The hero was unsuccessful in reaching her husband's lawyer last night. McDonald wearing a crisp blue
business suit and her hair pulled back in a dip. In court described for the jury how her son told
her about a man and her father's home cooking pancakes for breakfast while wearing pajamas.
At first her son liked her father's lover Carlos Diaz but she said that later a son told her
that he hated Diaz and that Diaz had massaged him on his buttocks several times. Oh no.
The allegation became part of the custody battle in the courtroom garden for the boy in 2001
recommended that Diaz could not have contact with the boy and yet again. So, you know,
one of those stories in the naked city. Okay, here we go. 12 plus boys and girls. Here we go.
Here is the moment that everybody's been waiting for a lot of people all whipped up.
They're all everybody in the business is sitting at the edge of the radio right now.
12 plus.
Winter book 2006. January, February, March, March,
number one. Up from number three in the fall.
Hot below five.
Oh, we haven't got a chance in this thing. This is the heaviest ethnic book I have ever seen
in my life. Holy cow, no speaking English. I can't. Man. Whoa. Wow.
Holy moly. W a hot from a five six up to a six seven. Radio Amor goes from fifth up to number
two from a five point two share to a six six CMQ from a five nine up to a six one. Life is
fourth. Radio mom B even went up with a five one. Holy moly WDDR dropped from first to six though.
What's that all about from a six out of a five oh now if you want to go into English language let's
see power from a four two down to a three six oh boy. Let's be the new consultant big two four
to a three two. There you go. Kissed two five to a two nine. That's with the new GM over there or
with no GM W I O D. This is the total week when from a four point oh to a two point eight but just
wait you think that's bad W Q a M and we were way down on the third page from a two point oh to
a one four twelve plus that well twelve plus eight our demo but that you don't look to promising man.
W I and Z scare America one nine down to a one two they didn't find anybody speaking English in
this thing. Waxie our buddies across the street from a one one point one in a fall book to a
oh point seven they're tied for number twenty six and we're tied for number twenty two in twelve
these numbers are a disgrace. What did I tell you man? What did I tell you? The end of the universe
we've been struck by lightning. Holy moly and last is W F E radio say what do you say about that?
Okay let's here's the day part. It's now again twelve plus means everybody from twelve to a
hundred for those of the uninitiated which you've listened to this show for any length of time.
You're a radio out you know more about the ratings than our managers right we still might have
good to educate what still for those new listeners six to ten a.m. morning guy and that's probably
what we did number one hot one oh five eight point two share man up two points from the fall radio
on more oh man this is hopeless we ain't got a prayer we know speaking to our language
mornings W I would be went from a three point eight twelve plus out of a two point seven power
ninety six three one out of a two seven whereas Magick are they still on the year in here
kiss two five they stay the same they're flat if you ever heard their music it's pretty flat
W Q I M from a 1.7 from 21st down to a 1.3 12 plus W I N Z scare America from a one five down
away oh point nine fifty thousand watts of power and in morning drive they're doing a point nine
waxy from a 1.2 down to a 0.7 so far they haven't they have a crack to zero in any demo I mean
this is 12 plus range of that but that's right now ten to three this could be really embarrassing
now I have a feeling it's going to be oh it's not good it's not that bad I just seen it over the
corner of my fly CMQ FM no speaking English i.e 7.2 number one up up six tenths of a point from
the fall kick it ass kickin big Hispanic ass radio on more one for now they what the hell
what happened with them man they start playing Luis Miguel records all day from a four eight
number five to six six they just they had either a lot of wired diaries or all of a sudden they
caught on what else life radio mom B that's all old old Julio's with green teeth HQ QT that's
how little five glove 94 nobody listens to love 94 they lie magic went up in the morning I
was going to retire midday I don't know what he did in the morning but this is again his 12 plus
that mean anything Rick like I said put the hat back on w i o d drop in from a 5.8 to a 3.9
and we drop from a 2.9 to a 2.4 in 12 plus oh oh remember that song by the Edwin Hawkins singers
oh happy day yeah this one's called oh unhappy day I and did I predict it then I've been saying this
all along it was going to be a disaster a disaster oh happy day the Edwin Hawkins singers boys and
girls put your hands together and say a little prayer say I say a big prayer say a brosal
man QBA let's see w i n z 2 2 rule one 2 midday 2 2 to 1 to the lost like half of their 12 plus
audience ready for that and waxy from a point nine just when you thought they couldn't get
in lower and that sterling entertainment that they're delivering right now to a 0.8 they actually
went down a little bit of course they when you're only doing a point nine you can't go down
that much right right now 3 to 7 oh thank heaven for 3 to 7 I don't know how we're going to do
boy these these this is in my lifetime I even in iota all those years
been a long time since I can remember this 3 to 7 p.m. person 12 plus a radio on more number one
baby radio on more nobody else is anything except w a m r radio on more cdacruz records 24 7
life hot 105 w edr cm qf a ma power 96 went down 490 well 4 1 magic 3739 a little bit
went up a little not much radio mom be again oh god w i d dropped in the afternoon that's the
Schmidtmeister from a 4 1 to a 3 2 the Schmidtmeister where the hell are we even radio swave
that Colombian broadcasting system 2.5 down from a 3 3 whatever the hell they what do they call
that elcada colts some of them to hear what they got a cold w i g 2 a 2 a 1 8 and w q a
of oh my god oh oh my god I'm never going to be the same again you know what what are you going
to do about it you fairy 1.2 1.2 I mean okay and then rassy from a 1.3 that are what oh 0.8 that
must be that clever Danny LeBanstero and Stugatz nobody speaking in grace in this book they must
have made an adjustment alright and probably they took maybe they took the numbers to a
chiropractor to get an adjustment well that's all I got I got the first page of 12 plus 7
a midnight and then oh here's the rest of it and that's all they brought you so far yeah
different you know what they're probably doing they're probably committing Harry carry in there
well somebody better roll a camera I'm telling you how do you and T there probably in
there all committing group Harry carry or maybe they just dig it up Harry carry that really
fast my ass a little bit I agree with that Harry 7 a midnight we don't care about that too I
mean I've got it here and I'm stapling all these things together with hot 105 radio I'm more
that that's it those are the only two stations with the the big big story here man hot 105
and radio I'm more as ethnic as it gets do we even show up at night of course at January
February March that's the March the Panther book oh now this has got to be a joke are we
are we on here anywhere to do even list our call letters or we are did we sign off the
air at night oh my god do you want to know what we got did you look at this no I didn't I want
you to put one hand on each side of your seat all right let me grab bucket you know hang on
real tight you grab that bucket down there to your left in the fall book 1.5 this is 12 plus in
the winter book a 0.4 even rassy be this tonight with an 0.6 we are second to last they rank 33
stations in here and we're tied for 31st but we're really 30 second at night number 32 nice
going Joe you're doing it baby good golly miss freaking Molly and of course we have this
invigorating signal that nobody can hear not not is either one of you have listened because I
don't even want to listen to the radio that's not the problem you're for no I'm just I know you
don't what about you I do okay now if you heard this Spanish language interference I I mean it's
the signal itself that's the worst thing to me it's not the signal sucks we know that but I'm
just asking you you notice the deterioration is it can we you know sometimes I do sometimes I
don't and sometimes it's just as well right boy I mean we're we're talking about numbers here
that are like as close to being off the air when you see a point four at night like I said thank
God for those marlins this is Neil Roger to lose every game it's a 5.16 Q.A.
Hello everybody and this portion of the Neil Rogers in your 12-1 hour is brought to you by
the led in 12 what do people fight it 7 8 9 11 12 the lices of pizza all for me
and so was fight I say it said I night said this can't be right baby you're wrong you heard all my
feet now I'm in the movie can't wait till me 16 all the sack of the clone I know that you can't take
for show baby I know I know I know I know I know I know that I train every so too I know you
ain't me so we ain't no love gonna die die die die die I know I really want to make it sick you want me to die more than
judge a bitch so come on I'm all about my down crazy booty ain't no I'm gonna die die die die
you're gonna do about it you fairy 12-1 at 5.60 WQM a day that'll live in infamy now that was the end
huh that was it yeah apparently that's all we're getting well what do you mean that's all we're
getting well that's all I've gotten I'm gonna say what you just said that's all we're getting well I
don't know where the rest of the numbers are but they're making their way in here well how does that
possible maybe they're being intercepted being intercepted yeah by the department of Homeland
security or something I don't know huh I've already sent authorized agents on the hallway to try to
track the numbers down what is that that quick the puking out the stuff a long time ago
and you and I both know that's not the way those numbers come down man it's like an assembly line
they keep puking and puking and puking and come down as the word yeah anyway man I'll tell you that
number they're at night that that's as close to being off the air as it's physically possible a
0.4 wow rice limbaugh declared victory yesterday is long running fight to clear his name after
signing a deal with prosecutors that'll dismiss a prescription fraud charge against him in 18 months
if he can plug applies with the terms slap on a wrist under the deal filed yesterday he cannot
own a gun must submit to random drug test and as to continue to refer his acknowledgment to
painkillers he's pop it up and probably can't talk to Wilma no more either but he did not have
to admit guilt and continues to proclaim his innocence on his radio show he's just you know I'm
misunderstood guy that says everybody else who gets hooked on drugs is a slime ball in a piece of
crap and on a beyond death row but in his case he had a back problem you know maybe I can get some
of those what's that was he popping oxy oxy man get some oxy's from my shoulder you think that
would help yeah it would help I'd tell you what I'm not sure what where is the rest of the book
but Miguel came in here to ask to look at my copy of the numbers and I didn't have any and he ran
out to find our copy of the numbers yeah has not been able to find that's the same
girl that didn't more give me the number and how much we raised the maturity thing oh I forgot to ask
out of sight something's coming across my machine now did they send it yeah but it's not the numbers
just some crap just some crap right sir there's another false alarm that's too like it about 20
minutes two false alarms oh man holy look at the look at the length of this facts yeah I'd
other kill enough time for those numbers to show up it says it ething figures the government chooses
their radio stage new transmitter and studios are co-located on a damn island in the middle of the bay
what happens when the big one comes right in through downtown Miami from the east
w-i-d will be in the north i wall with the worst winds in storm surge I was in country walk
during Andrew and remember seeing the huge concrete power poles being pushed over and the
channel six tv tower in a twisted heap in the middle of a grove in south bay if I'm not mistaken I
saw report a few years back about the condition of the w-i-d tower and it wasn't pretty that is
correct metal towers don't respond well to extreme marine environments that the w-i-d tower is
subject to is sitting in if it were up to me I would set up something like your situation you
would have the sufficient infrastructure to provide rapid and concise information without having
to worry about adverse conditions it amazes me that not one government member is why the
response was so poor in New York immediately after the attacks on on 11 the leadership up
they're looking only for prestige placed all of the assets in one place the main radio transmission
set an emergency operation center were both in the w-i-d-tc the world trade center when they lost
that they were screwed as we will be trying to get information they were a cancer that I laid
out comes about that's right see if I could just keep these things on here because I got my
cable here I got my internet to just like I had during Wilma I could have been on here that day
puking out some pretty important crap find out about the closings and the coordinates and the
this and that you know given people reason to tune in but no because we didn't want to risk anybody's
life and limb having them come in here who we had somebody come in but the deal was he didn't know
how to run the board well enough to put the show on here that was the story that was out
ready for that okay I was ready willing and able but of course being out of touch I mean with
how what I've known about hurricane Wilma right that's correct 1170 votes on the pool we don't
start getting some more numbers in there with them out next to the two or three minutes I'm going to
Joe and Clarence locked themselves in Clarence's office with the numbers well said well what
does that mean it means just what I said they locked themselves into other words they're not going
to give me the numbers for the first time in a hundred years and with a witness unlike 18 different
radio stations I don't think you were anybody else well that you know I'm telling you what that is
right now oh we're fine I think it's unacceptable what it is they locked themselves in maybe they're
doing something in there with the numbers no with some number 1170 votes on a pool how did illegal
alien they affect you not at all 841 72% not at all like me didn't bother my ass much less traffic
196 spent extra money 59 didn't go to work 21 I hate this pool 18 didn't go shopping 14 didn't
open my business 12 dose I think it's what I got a bad dose worse traffic than usual nine and
didn't go to school none none well good for you kids we don't have any kids anyway so what's the
deal I have an update yes they're making copies as we speak but the chin right out of papers so
another ready I got I got I got paper I got paper and my team read out of paper what what kind
of oh my god even under the old regime and the book would come up see I would have played a
fart sound every we can't do that no more no and we're paying a wicked price for that too man I
hope you're real happy joys that you really like suppressing the audience our ability to get any
numbers yeah which even your new general man was said that terrible try to tell them that try to
do a show with our hands tied behind our back man can't play this and we can't say that we can't
do why because they're incompetent because the banjo boy group ink is totally incompetent
and they're scared of their own shadow and the fact that they're locked in there right now why the
hell are they may who's making copies don't tell me carabell's making copies I don't know how to do
these head I don't know what's going on out there can we get like a spy report can we go head
out the door there and yeah stick your head out okay stick the head out if anybody grabs for
you know it will be duff you fairy it's running out there it's running out near a hall get the chop
I didn't see anybody making copies unless they went down to the yeah this is the biggest
production and they can only postpone the inevitable so long you know because if they don't
want to turn those numbers loose look at him from someplace else then we had to do that one
other time we got that I remember what that was we got but yeah we'll get him by hooker by crook
so quit holding back okay they must be really bad if they're like you know play and fast and lose
like the old kaboos between abandoned hoobles says apparently when Republicans were urging
Americans to get tough on crime they were doing it to protect us from themselves just last
week Carol Rowland back to testify the grand jury for the fifth time we learned that the FBI is
investigating the possible bribing by two defense contractors representative Duke Cunningham
another on named lawmakers with free prostitutes there was my old emphasis rush limbaugh like most
bullies limbaugh who still finds it funny to refer into hurricane Katrina as hurricane Katrina
vanden hoobles is better with dishing out the pain than taking it he was arrested on Friday in
charge with prescription drug fraud or felony for buying two thousand paint killers prescribed by
four different doctors in a six month period but all what a difference in a rest makes in the
past rush argue that drug users ought to be accused and they ought to be convicted they ought to
be sent up instead of going to jail however limbaugh accepted the L.A. request and to pay a $30,000
fine and serve 18 months of supervised probation to make sure he continues his treatment for drug addiction
some are expressed sympathy for limbaugh but before anybody writes a check of his defense fund think
about the distraught person who drives the short straw and is stuck supervising the blow hard for 18
months talk about a job no american wants maybe some of the illegals can take that job to provide the
rush they'll do it and you'll share his oxies with you okay neither that so what's the story
there is no story got a staff right here I'm feeding them into the she's got a stack while he's
talking about 54 she's just carrying a whole game it to you clearance clearance somebody to you or he
looked like because somebody just stole his periket it he didn't look happy didn't look happy
can't imagine why I've seen these 12 plus numbers and what did I what did I tell you before
the show went on here this morning what did I say to you huh yeah and what did I tell him what
did I say to our junior program director what did I say yeah these people think that we just open
up the microphone and make some pulsing sounds in the transmitter and all of a sudden everybody in
the world is going to be listening I realize that this is a very ethnically and ethnically driven book
there's no question about that the diaries fell in a lot of uh you know spow-in-sko hands there's no
question about that but that having been said when you look at those numbers there man it's
enough to make a grown man cry ain't it yes it is my me dolphins lined back her Jason Taylor was
cut on the arm during that we had that yesterday Taylor refused medical treatment issue
disdainment from Tampa yesterday morning where he was participating in that charity golf tournament
they me police gave an account of what happened based on their interview with Taylor and they got
a picture of this this is one of what when did this spaceship land Taylor and his wife were
driving south to the intersection of state road 84 flamingo road when he saw a red Ford pickup truck
backing up in a wrong direction heading directly toward the couples car Taylor honked his horn
but the car kept backing up at about 10 MPH the driver tried to sorbure on Taylor's car forcing
the sports star to run off the road in the grass both vehicles stopped at south west 130th Avenue
eight street Taylor got out of his car the truck driver also got out and banged on Taylor's trunk
the other driver screamed profanities threats and racial slurs at Taylor now I got news for
how he can scream racial slurs at Jason Taylor he's maybe one shade darker than this guy he's
about as light as not even mocha Taylor told police that the man grabbed and ripped his shirt and
retrieved an unknown metal object from inside his truck and tented a cut Taylor with a linebacker
stepped away what was cut as forearm let me ask you something Josh why would he step away when he
just kick his ass I don't know I would have big guy would have Jason Taylor man a big macho guy
like that big ass-kickin guy could have picked him up with one hand the other driver got back into
his truck which was carrying another man in drove away Taylor followed him in dialed 911
one by law track of the truck somewhere near a trailer a trailer park in Davy the he took
this later arrested Charles Redman Burns 25 at his home in Davy he would charge with aggravated
batteries a hate crime and resisting arrest police said Burns punched and kicked the officer
trying to handcuff him when he tried to kick out the winner of the police car the officer was
sprayed in twice in the face with pepper spray and it was taken to Brown County jail man classy looking
okay so did you look at these it already just no no I just stuffed them right in the other words
you don't have a strong enough stomach to look at him that's a deal and I know what I know
it would have been delayed if I had stopped to look at them I just think you don't have enough
stomach I gotta do the break yeah men 25 to 54 and parents didn't look happy huh oh man more ethnic
look at that look at that Ron and Paul in the morning man or oh this is this is not they parts
it's overall but that's got they must have kicked ass radio big four five up to a six two for big
overall you ready for that and what's that all about hmm let's be that great music wouldn't you
think sure it must be is there a six to 10 a.m. thing in this thing before I do the break or is
this all I'm sure there is in somewhere but I'm just talking about it in my hand I just want to
see what I have in my hand I believe me it ain't good 12 13 wouldn't be the first time 12 13 at
560 WQ I am if you love voting just about everybody in South Florida agrees with you if you ever
thought about buying a boat there are a lot of hassles involved stop and think about it before you buy
call club nautical at 1 800 boat rent right now why would you want to pay the expenses of vote
ownership and go through all the hassle when you can rent one totally hassle free join the club
club nautical call 1 800 boat rent you'll be surprised to just how easy it is no docking cost no
expensive upkeep no insurance or dare I say it hurricane preparation with a vote from club nautical
it's totally stress free and affordable to call 1 800 boat rent no getting the boat ready no
patching around club nautical does all the work for you and no cleaning up either afterward
that club nautical just hop on your boat and go when you done pull them to the dock it often leave
it's that easy club nautical call 1 800 boat rent from unlimited voting to pay as you go a small
votes to your charters all of these things it's club nautical call them at 1 800 boat rent
and let club nautical tailor a plan to fit your needs and your budget get on the water today by
calling club nautical at 1 800 boat rent I had the drum roll let's say this is Neil Rogers
this is 5.69 a whole
25 54 60 in the midnight let me tell you the morning I gave you I faxed the stack of paper that
they gave me well they gave you men 25 54 60 in the midnight twice and then everything you
missed the morning number didn't give us 6 to 10 a.m. better run out there in a hallway and grab
somebody around the neck this station stands for nothing
so
I want to save my life loving you
give my time for part we do it all too
and when it's time to head south and pray
here i wanna go!
Oh, I...
Money pass note of QAM, here to be great, Glenn Turner, used to be great here at QAM.
Let me just say one thing. I absolutely want a puke. That's all. That's all I want to say. I absolutely want a puke.
So, how do you get those morning numbers or what? I think I fact some. No, you did not fact some. Oh, just now.
Well, I've taken a little moment to get here. Wow. And when you see who's number one in midday, and if you took a look at it...
I did not in men. WFLC, the coast. Oh, yeah. Of course. All the men were playing the coast.
All the men were playing the coast. This is the most screwed up rating book I have ever seen. Somebody ought to go to Arbor Trial and murder a bunch of people.
I think that's the only way we're ever going to get to the bottom. I'm not saying that we are really sucking wind because I told you that before. Right.
But, I mean, this is just all over the place. I mean, every day part. Killsle people. There you go. That might do it.
The coast from 9th to number one with a 7.5. All the men. How many wire diaries? How many a thousand wire diaries?
I'm a break. The other guys would like to listen to that during their construction jobs and what. Right. Those Michael Bolton records. Right.
Followed by CM Qnospeling Lays and Big. Oh, Big got some kisses to an air in a hot. And we're number five.
At least from 10 to 3. 10 to 2. We might actually slip up an after two, but not much. Forget about spending money.
I'm going to tell you if we get about a bonus money because you ain't going to see any. Yeah. The full bonus half bonus part bonus, little bonus, the honest.
So let's see how the other guys did midday. Well, let's see those guys across the street with that great humor of theirs.
They went zooming up from a 1.70 1.8. They're on the move, baby. And the.
The scare America mid days went from a 2.6 year in a fall to a 1.5 fell off the face of the globe.
If you believe that afternoon drive, we got that we still don't have mornings. Very interested in seeing that.
Mornings. You see, like I told you before, they don't want to listen to anything. I have to save them. Okay.
They wouldn't listen before. They won't listen now and they're stubborn. They know what all they're going to do.
So like I told you, just take the money is your machine done. Puking. It's not doing anything. All right. Let me try this again.
Why didn't come through? Apparently not. Didn't come through on this end. Maybe might have seen.
Doesn't want those more numbers. Maybe maybe it just is like maybe it's boycotting. Maybe it's a bad numbered boycott day.
Three to seven PM and 25 to 54 are coveted target demographic. WQM has dropped from ninth in the previous book with a 3.7, which was pretty weak to a 2.4.
Nineteenth. They grow that per sheet. It's wrong. Oh. Nothing's coming yet. Why actually before they start looking their chops in the afternoon, you know what?
Dandelion bastard and Stugas in at all their heavy hitters. They'd run from a 3.1 to a 1.7. This is enough to make Sid the kid Rosenberg's crantstein hop in a car and leave town.
It's enough to make me do it. That's right. Left already. What about scare America there in the afternoon? How they doing all from a 3.5 to a 2.7?
And WYOD remember how they were kicking ass in a fall. That's right. Because it was the hurricane Wilma book. Oh, you just made that up as an excuse.
They've ran from a 5.9 from number one in the fall to a 3.6. Number nine here. But again, this isn't just so ethnically screwed up. It just it just it doesn't make any sense.
It's like these diaries were made up by bunch of kids with crayons. Crayolas number one at night in man WDR from a 5.8 in the fall to a 9.4 share at night.
They are kicking some serious dark ass. Hot 105 number 275. Scar America. That's a big numbers at night. The rest of the day they sucked wind. Why is this thing not printing anything out? I don't know.
Now just leave. Oh.
Well, nothing's happening on it. I'm just telling you that for your benefits. You might want to do it again. All right.
Now what that was I just reading. I was reading those night reading and weep. Seven to midnight. Waxi went up from a 1.5 to a 2.1. What the hell got out of night?
January, February, March. What the hell would they have on at night? Kevin Rogers. Well, they probably confuse him with. And we went from a 2.1 to a 0.7.
I'll tell you what. We've been on the station for almost eight and a half years. And then I've period of time. I don't recall any rating book.
We're in our target demographic. There was any day part that began with a. Oh, no. This is a record breaking book. We are starting to come right down to the level of the competition across the street.
We're getting in there with the 0.0.0.1.1.2. And Laurence Welk. I wanted to welcome the Laurence Welk radio. So our 4.8 there in men, which is a 5.0.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1
I'm going to get three copies of it now.
Because what really frustrates me is when you're dealing with people who are hard-ass, who obviously on the face of it don't know they're asked from your elbow and just give you a big son of dance to try to pacify and pacify.
And you tell them things and it's like that they're just common sense even a child could see. And they won't listen to you.
And I love that people in the audience work for idiots too. But we work for a special brand of idiots. I mean these people are just like what do I tell you? Suspended animation man. They're like helpless and hopeless.
Here come those morning numbers. Why did you say the first page was wrong? I don't know because Miguel said that's wrong.
It is? Well I guess we stopped it in time.
No big. I'll see this one. Ron and Old Paul. Everybody's got a shot except us. Everybody's got a story somewhere. From 64 to 1.91. I have never seen a book with more wired diaries. And of course that all had to be in the last month in March.
How one oh five number two with an a five radio on more continues to astonish and astound W. X. D. J. C. M. Q. F. M. A. Now let's see where the stations that care about magic three out of a two nine like I said Rick you put the cat back on.
He's flat old flat top I. O. D. from a five three out of a two nine anybody was speaking in grace man we took it right up the old earlobe.
I'm still looking here all boy what I thought too bad to five down to with two one in the morning. Not great we dropped from a five out of a four eight during the 10 to three that is right.
What was that number again to one in the morning. How about a waxy two four down to a one six so I told you it's not important that we succeed that our enemies across the street failed badly nice going Joel.
We saw me to suffer worse this is five sixty two. Anybody have a heart or a liver.
MTV presents from night life yeah baby from the ship. Chris I love carnations as much as I love a root canal to the limo I've never kissed a guy at least not there to the late night bar for rambo.
I got a book tomorrow over my dress and TV's from night life in my show.
I'm in my garage.
1232 at five sixty W. N. Q. A. Anybody out there sent us a life rat please yeah anybody out there can you hear us.
Wow a shocker. Nice going Joe you're really doing it baby. I think this whole deal with what's happened in the last few months it's been like career ending for all of us.
I noticed the human in the morning dropped almost in half and also in the afternoon precipitously our human down a little bit but nothing really tragic you know not a big change.
But our drive times man when and of course what can I say Hank what we ought to be on the third day won't be on Friday he's off to the Derby he's got bigger face to fry.
Gellies on tomorrow and on Thursday and on Friday.
Let's see who else can we put how about if we put Lady Martez and Crow in that committee you know the little committee of children that run a radio station how about if we did that okay yeah we got Robert the beast clearance Crow and Lenny.
I can sit around like in the conference room we have a committee meeting and then they can pass the recommendations on to Joe and he'll say okay good idea boys from 114 votes on our pool to them so sorry man I'm so sorry that I went out a lot with the damage by one number that 15 million could have added years to my life yeah.
And what did I tell you you don't want to listen to me months ago what did I say to you when his new regime came in there and I said boy don't give me a big sound of dance because what I'm seeing don't look good to me when I'm hearing don't sound good to me.
Clueless.
1215 votes how did illegal alien day effect you yesterday huh not at all 869 71.5% much less traffic 205 spend extra money 62 just out of spite spend a lot more than usual just to show these back to the thing or two these illegals didn't go to work 23 I hate this full 21 didn't go shopping 14 didn't open my business 12 worst traffic than usual nine and didn't go to school we still got the big.
I got a headache that is so just it's just started like a few minutes ago well I've had one all day.
Starting at the top of my sinus cavity and extending all the way down into my like eye sockets you know I thought you were going to say all the way down to your back.
No not that way.
Well it's working as way down as it done your sign yeah for seniors are singing working my way back through you.
What's this back to this and me.
Oh this is why your ratings are so bad radio stations that got bad ratings news have a convenient scapegoats as the New York.
Post a new arbitrar policy that appears to give major boost to Spanish language stations expensive others.
Uh huh how do you like that I know what I'm.
In yesterday's winner ratings New York's La Megas shout out 25% from the fall to rank a solid number two after light FM with a 5.6% total audio and share that's an.
New York or 5.6% of the audience represents a lot of people even more noticeable was the fact that I'm more lead product from 10th place.
You were go to 4th yesterday with a whopping 41% year to year gain and a 4.5 share.
These new ethnic rating survey enhancements will provide a better picture of ethnic and non ethnic listening and reduced bounce said arbitrarians Gary Marrins referring to often criticized.
Rating fluctuations from survey to survey that Spanish station game will come out of the English language stations consultant Bill Tanner.
You fair told inside radio before arbitrarians winner ratings began rolling out nationwide yesterday indeed for what a.
And this guy's also supposed to be one of our consultants is near is that the history I don't know yeah but of course keep it mighty consults for that group of Spanish language stations.
That's right. Yeah he likes those young Mexicans.
What I heard indeed for whatever reason five of the remaining top 10 stations saw ratings declines in the winner light FM kiss FM W.I.S. Power 105 and 97 Z 100 W.V.L.S. and W.A.V.C. were up.
Starting last winter arbitrarian made two major changes to the way classifies ethnic family members to agree to a separate ease diaries for a week.
It now no longer assumes that all members of a household are of the same race and number two it takes greater care to determine whether a family member is a Spanish primary or English primary language speaker and ways that
accords with them according to the course on based on each city's ethnic makeup. And in other words they just read they read the read the whole way they they're
re-jiggered and re-figured lost it and we got triggered. Yeah so we're done what I tell you right off any bonuses future path that hold you see you'd have you deal science here
right now but you're such a silly person. Oh well I want to get the full bonus for the summer here forget about bonus bonus bonus man you may
speak it right language but our audience doesn't that's a problem okay maybe if you do the show this summer in Espanol maybe one maybe
Monday in Espanol is the English and then Friday in Sanskrit in Spanish and for else voice. Oh that's a good idea good format.
So what's the scuttle but what's going on around that building huh? Oh you know how it is when the numbers come out you don't see people they they retire into little corners to mall and use.
Did you say we're car? I think I'm at too okay like our junior program director thinks that he's a radio maven okay not a bad guy nothing personal but he hasn't got a clue man.
He thinks he can do whatever his boyfriend and when a general man where says you know well mode last two months he had a one share and this is before any ethnic
changing around he had a one share in between two and four. Which we never dreamed we could get number that low so you know we figured well there's no hurry to replace it because we can't go any lower than that.
That's really aggressive good management the way I look at it let's just keep put fun little long and fun little long and had no consistency which of course consistency is the
byword in his business and in the television business there's a comfort zone even with people who aren't all that good like Ralph Redneck look at all the years he was on TV
because people were used to watching him on the news at six o'clock and I read about that you bet your sweet ass I think you're worth work.
And what we got is inconsistent you know yesterday Hank got wants to be a lot early we're going to put on a tape we're going to put on Orlando we're going to put on the beast for
10 minutes we don't know even we don't know who else on the air on the station I got the schedule here front of me on Thursday in the morning TV D Friday TV D BB BB D to put on your BB D's and bring an extra pair because you'll need them I don't know what that means but that's what it says.
A day that will live in infamy so you know we can sing a song and dance about the screwed up arbitra and all that but when you've been doing it as long as some of us old far to be doing you can feel it you can smell it and that's how I could feel I could smell it.
Oh yeah oh man like a stench as the mad dog would say he says a better than anybody else a white house I try to one up you know where the hell is it under there oh it's right that's right over here.
A stench of palmin or covers over this performance.
Terrible 20 to 1 at 5 60 W can we got both of they can both camp where I'm sure he'll be analyzing the NFL draft and our ratings and you know everything mad dog at the AAA are we
going to get ready for game 5 of the heat in the bulls 4 to 6 30 with the mad dog 2 1 1 2 hours they're paying them 15 million a year and all you can get out of his
asses 2 1 2 hours Marlon's on decades 6 30 Marlon's in the Philly 705 fall by the highly rated or any K you know any such a good guy but what are you going to do well I that was the panthers you know panthers are certainly a tremendous
asset to this or radio station anybody else want to create a Panther game next season. How about picking up the Marlon games this season.
Oh come on be a sport literally and isn't it interesting is badly as we fell and I mean we fell we took a flop on our
arse and across the street man just when you thought they couldn't get a lower but I bing morning drive afternoon drive they took a dive even
over Greg loose and it's never took a dive like that am I right oh I never watched the great loose and it's right 12 42 18 to 1
you know being outdoors a lot in South Florida means we need comfortable shoes to take care of your feet and the only place to get the top
book here is a brandy shoes in Pomano Beach because Brandy's make sure you get a perfect fit every time they carry all the top names that you love they carry
flour shine echo mafisto rock port hush puppies new balance all the top name brands in all sizes for men and women and they even carry wide
wits and hard to find sizes in fact Brandy shoes which haven't raving about for years is the largest independent true retailer
in all of South Florida and when you go there and see the selection value and service you get a brandy you'll understand why in fact when you go to brandy stop it and see our friend Arnie
make sure you get the right depending shoes for your feet the style that you want and of course always at the right price too unlike those department
stores where you wait forever for it seems like all day to get weighted on and then finally you pick out the shoes you
like sorry mister don't have that in your size get lost the only thing they do a brandy is issues you never have to worry about size selection
service or like I said price they're unbeatable Brandy shoes you'll find them at 12 19 or federal highway in Pomano Beach are between Atlantic and Copies on the East Side can't miss it open every
day Monday through Saturday till the 9 and Sunday still 5 and this week again that rock port sale continues a great time to buy rock
ports at Brandy save 10 to 20 bucks a pair of all great men's rock port style so be sure to get your fat ass into Brandy's this week
or do your shoe shopping online at Brandy's shoes dot com this is me right this is 5.62
a
guys attention in the house I am else arctic leader of Alcatta
junior way of life will be split up like a football and a new run I will bury you all in the cat box of history God willing
I will not rest for 75% of the day until the fabric of your society is shredded like the arm of the sofa
as you stand at the top of the stairs know that I will be weaving around your feet until you plummet or your neck
did you not see the gamutated rodent I left on your front as a warning of what will be for you if you do not meet my
mass for I demand immediate release of some frisky's I'm talking about the savoury kind kind not that nasty dry
crack you have been warned okay govern yourselves accordingly 12 46 if you and 14 to 1 so I'm looking at these
numbers now I don't even I don't think I mentioned this in midday men 25 54 who W.I.O.D
remember they had that big Wilma driven fall book with a 7.9 they were number one that's right well they
dropped from number one to number eight we had a 4.8 they had a 3.9 so we kicked their ass and a good but
again does anybody we believe that no no that everybody all of a sudden turn rush off and turned whatever else
I was not so on a one hand there's certainly a very strong bogus element to this but you know what else it
proves that beyond the shadow of a doubt under this new system now you're not going to be able to afford to
put schlock on 24 7 and get away with it even our loyal listeners you know even when they wire our
diaries and you know try to do number for us they're up against it man they're up against the no
speaking English crowd the whole ethnic crowd because but how does that figure with the
coast and how does that figure with big with Ron and old Paul every day where do they every now
but where do they ever get off with the number like this with a 9 1 in the morning the number one in
men in the morning elimination all in Ron process of elimination using old still material from us and
everybody else the limit I think elimination is the word I think and the coast is number one in mid day the
coast do you know any no I don't know any straight mail that wasn't forget about straight yeah I don't
know any game a host listen to the coast well you speak for them well can you can speak to the
straight guys and Josh can speak for a Zach call it is Josh ain't too happy he was counting on the big
bonus in his new contract you know yeah well forget about it just better stick with me mister okay and
hope that I'm in a good mood and sending one of them checks every now and then more than and now yeah
because we we are what what have I been screaming about I'm not some kind of a moron about this going
down with the Titanic having I've been saying that over and over again for last week for months now you
can feel it man when the water's up to your earlobes you say hey there's something wrong going over here you say I'm dying
over here right and these people we got these glad handing clowns we got running join everybody happy like me how am I doing I'll
tell you how you doing I can't play that sound anymore from the very get go from that very first phone call right up until
this day man it's the same old song I'm going to play that same old song you got it for tops yeah the same old song but the aroma
man is just you know so all we can do like I keep telling whether the best we can it's all coming here every day try to do an
award winning ready for you and if you like it find if not get out of here go listen to radio I'm more
who listen to some CD crews records and what's really suspicious to me in this book is looks like all the
team channel stations got there it is that's already ahead the same old gone I thought you were
said that's enough look at all the team channel stations the coast and big and hot all I know that's I'm
sorry coast and hot that's a cock stations cocks a hoist I like I said the cheap channel and cocks they got all the diaries
so it looks like to me EDR there's another cocks station I think Mike Disney and a drunken super must have sold all the diaries
maybe bottom come on now don't be picking on your old buddy he just he thought you were real piece of
that's my opinion I might Disney okay go have another belt white lost or maybe they just got lucky you know like you
said every dog has its day right right I don't buy that coast number at all that out who the hell would who the hell
would from a 3.7 which sounds about right to me 9th you know kind of like down here in the toward the
middle of the pack to number one with a 7.5 more than double more than double the audience from the fall to the
winter time and don't tell me that they have a bunch of ethics listening to the coast your people sure is
only listening to the clear not coast of it no either yours no that's for damn sure neither is anybody's
you know whatever group you fall into even the Jews that go in there not listen to it the atheist
worse you're not listening to it coast my ass right along this game they not that am tower down that's
what I say and anyway you can argue about the sampling and about this and it is very suspect but the fact
that matter remains man we got some real serious face to fry and these people seem like they're
frozen man like they're in suspended animation like they can't move like they're paralyzed you know
I just had that this morning again nothing is happening except the course which sounds real good to that
Spanish language interference there on the radio when you're driving down 4 for 1 year and
man I know I'd be tuned into that I'd be I'd be gripping my radio I'd be cranking it up I'd be
driving around with my windows down just so everybody else could hear it wouldn't you oh yeah I do all the
time no you don't oh yeah that's right and you want to man then you give us an intelligent
report aside from Josh there we're saying well sometimes this is a Josh he just you know
you know he just don't want to make any waves too big he's afraid he's going to drown in him what are
you talking about I told you sometimes I hear the Spanish station sometimes I don't yeah and
sometimes it's just as well sometimes you feel like a nut yeah and sometimes you feel like you
work for one welcome to BBGI Banjo boy group ink okay it is absolutely shocking is what
it is so in other words these people are going into hiding now oh I don't know I'm not leaving
the studio here on Chris Matthews hardball last night MSNBC corresponded David Schuster confirmed
what Ross Story website first reported in February that out at CIA officer Valerie
Plain Wilson was working on Iran at the time she was outed according to current
informer intelligence officials Plain Wilson to work on the clandestine clandestine side of the CIA
and the directorate of operations is the non-official cover officer NOC was part of an
operation tracking distribution and acquisition of weapons of mass destruction technology
to and from Iran and of course once they outed her as a political smear and smear to Joe Wilson
because they didn't like that off-head piece when he said everybody here they were lying about Iraq
and Niger Niger for the first time since Bush administration officials revealed her undercover identity
and ruined her career former CIA operative Valerie Wilson committed by her husband Joe
Stephen from the TV cameras and their red carpet appearance Saturday night at the White House
correspondent center couldn't have come in a more dramatic moment in the CIA leak investigation
and the fact of it is I'm not going to read the whole thing but since they outed her
they've basically lost contact they don't know what else going on over there how do you like that
uh...
nice job there uh... w.a. in fact i see a tremendous similarity between w and r leadership here
a qa and what you
well that's an indictment
well like i said
and it's an unsealed amendment that we have to wait for pat Fitzgerald or even very
Fitzgerald
and if that doesn't trust your ass it up how about this
i mentioned this before
off-mede chalabee they never met a crook they didn't like these these of the bush
are the bush crowd
off-mede chalabee the man who will provide cooked intelligence out of right to the Pentagon
and the new york times and lead up to the war is once again being engaged in u.s. policy this is
the current and former u.s. intelligence officials be saying
according to two former high-level counter intelligence officials one former senior counter terrorist officials and
another intelligence or a fissure
chalabee is acting as a broker between u.s. ambassador to rax zelma color law
colla the odd and a rainy officials would have now stalled up a medic efforts between u.s. and aran
chalabee inserted himself and brought a proposal to zeal
one intelligence officer said
this is the same guy who embezzled money in jordan
and is wanted by the police this is the same guy who they ransacked his apartment because they
suspected and sure rightfully so
that he was given u.s. intelligence secrets to aran
uh... he was hanging out in a rack and now he's going to be the uh... the book of the pimp
again it's tough out there for an Iraqi pimp man
uh... yeah
pimp this
and
see now you got me all whipped up as if as if these people really care about it this now after all at the
an hour of carrying on about these numbers and about them about miss the mismanagement
page
my my my my nostrils are flaring my head feels like you know i got my in fact i just shaved
at the other night
uh... and so i got like the real short do now and i can put my hand like my head feels
like it's on fire
like it's uh...
like that
because these people are killers man these people are butchers they've taken this radio
station they've spliced it
you know that romp appeal to them at it
what is the other days in like little uh... that's what they're doing that
there's a certain dice in the city
sliced in the same
and this new guy man i know who else got a slap him on the side of the head and wake his ass
uh...
you better wake up and sell the smell the a lilac's pali because you sure read on it
you're in law all-around you lost
and of course they're probably saying we'd be back to you and we have a
i wouldn't surprise me at least but no matter where their ass is at
yes we can look often start again it seems to be that they got the dolphins over
there right so what's our kind we got the marlins though
the six and seventeen marlins who couldn't win a fixed game
here's a fact that there's why i have to watch you in broadcast the warlings
hurricane plans
will pember price be next who cares well guess what i don't know about your cable
man but my keep going it's like the thousand channels
who don't watch the end
and approach we could see in a ten-storm
uh...
there are not a lot of what i don't want to hear miss is limbaugh
okay she's probably uh... online with will more right now
now that we're all for this deal come on up to be some oxies what do you say
for crews it'll be mission accomplished oh my god msnbc's it was a cruise
m
i think this will be a bit of a space into the cruise missile what do you say
uh...
of course it'll have to be a game this over there less
i see a few of those
twelve fifty seven and five sixty w two effect what when they explode it's
dangerous
what's better than staying cool and comfortable all summer long how about getting
an instant twelve hundred dollar cool cash rebate in the world's smartest air
conditioner
the five star edition of the carrier infinity system
and they make things even better you get this fabulous system from rice air
and heat
where they've been taking great care track out of your families for three long
excruciating generations
as a carrier factory authorized the divorce guarantees your hundred percent
satisfaction
and that guarantee is back by carrier the people in the air conditioning of
now come up with the carrier infinity system
this one actually performs a daily diagnostic check
and then adjust itself a maximum efficiency every single day of your life
and the maintain maximum efficiency on your career condition is not going to do
is
join the roister and he comfort club
here's how that feel works twice a year they come to your home they inspect
and turn up your system if you ever had any kind of a problem with your a
seal enjoy priority same day service and
ten percent off and he need repairs to all of this all of these things
which is gone within bucks a year
so you choose the two speed infinity system with pure on or peace of mind
all year long with the comfort club either way
make the smart choice to keep cool in the calm the summer and all year round
make the Royce choice
Royce air and heat column toll free
one eight hundred three seven seven
oh oh seventy five
tell them that old neo who used to be spectacular totally to call
Royce air and heat one eight hundred three seven seven
oh oh seventy five
this is
mean Roger
yes
fun
sixty
am
lift than no that's how
here and
E
but
for
I'm going to be on a joke today, so I'm not gonna let Prince of Pipe win me my tail!
I know he's sick-loat!
Well, I was there, I was there, I was there, I was there, I was there, I was there, I was there!
You got stuck in the elevator!
And I got lost with the torpedoes!
The glass of condensin!
I was a skilled, good thing I'm big and poor!
I just had an idea!
Wow, the coin on it was the coin on it!
You can see it on me, I look like a watcher!
I was there, I was there!
Okay!
Wow! You are big and strong!
Yeah, but I'm big and strong and you!
I was there, my daddy was the baby!
I was there, my daddy was there, I was there!
What did you ask?
What did you ask?
Do I get nothing on me?
I don't know, I thought it was always fair!
He was 102, but nevertheless, hey listen, we can't do any worse than Mo did there to the fore, can we?
Probably did!
I can't wait till we see those hour by hour ones, man, when I went to that kind of be probably on Friday, maybe Monday?
Probably won't see him at all, I'll probably try to hide those too, I'll put him in the dumpster.
If I was them, I wouldn't let any more numbers out because they're just, you know, they're showing their two colors.
From 168 votes on the poll, we're kicking ass on that, that's the important thing, we don't have one single call on the phone now,
and that's because we've been rambling up for like an hour and 50 minutes, good!
On this rating thing and we're dying over here, yeah!
Like I said, they still are, we're still getting paid, could be worse, right, could be out on the street, could be on a beach, could be out picketing, you know, like the illegal aliens.
Picketing lettuce?
Mike Schur, who had the CIA's been law in the unit for six years, told Australian Broadcasting's company Four Corners,
uh, this is according to the raw story again, a great website.
The US President George Boyce turned out a chance to kill Abu Moussa Balsar Khawaii, believed to be the leader of Al Qaeda in Iraq.
He says a plan to destroy Zarkawi's training camp in Kurdistan was abandoned for diplomatic reasons.
The reasons the intelligence service got for not shooting Zarkawi was simply that the President and the National Security Council decided it was more important not to give the Europeans the impression we were gunslingers, he said.
Right, Mr. Bush had Mr. Zarkawi decides for almost every day for a year before the invasion of Iraq and didn't shoot because they were winding and dying in the French and in order to get them to assist us in the invasion of Iraq.
That worked out really well, didn't it?
So, uh, remember those freedom fries?
Oh, yeah.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Do you think there are maybe some of those ratings that changed so much, that you drew all the sternalists here, so they won't pay? Have to listen to something else?
Maybe a few of them stick around?
I don't understand what that means.
Oh, when a stern went on to satellite radio in January, all the people that won't pay, have to listen to something else, but your flight was to the wrong upon.
Okay, so you following that?
No, I was hoping you would explain it to me.
Actually, the sternalist is that don't want to pay for serious.
Yeah.
In other words, most of them must be Spanish.
Yeah, that's it.
Now what it is?
I don't see any, in fact, the Ron and Paul, obviously, he didn't have a point in that.
Yeah, in the morning.
They wouldn't buy default.
I mean, who else is doing the work?
They didn't know that's what he's saying.
That's what he's saying.
They had to go somewhere and so they went to Ron and Paul, which is really a pretty sad commentary about morning radio in this market.
In fact, the comments about all radio in this market are all pretty sad.
But, I mean, I haven't been saying for a very long.
I don't want to sound like, you know, whaah, because I'm getting paid a lot of money, you know?
And compared to the rest of this joint, we didn't do that bad.
We did over five when they extrapolated.
It's not a number of facts.
In fact, it's a number of the rest of the day what it would kill for.
We did more than morning and afternoon drive combined, which doesn't please me.
It's not an ego thing because that cost us money, right?
But, you know, if you're going to have a morning guy on air, have him on every day, or at least most of the time.
You know what I'm saying?
I mean, like with me, I got to summer schedule, I had for years, but we know you're on Monday Wednesday and Friday in the summer.
I'm on Tuesday and Thursday.
The audience knows what to expect.
If they hate you like poison, maybe they won't listen to it.
If they hate me like poison, they get us both of them.
They're still listening.
But whatever.
But we just all over the place, we've got basically a Hodge Podge.
Welcome to Hodge Podge radio.
It's a new format, HP, Hodge Podge.
We got a little bit of this over here, and then we got to evolving door to the floor.
We got like, you know, this is not the way to program a radio station.
I started to say before me, before you interrupted me about Ralph Redneck.
Oh, yeah.
I interrupted myself.
You know about consistency.
People want some consistency.
They want like Reneerie, man.
He was on there for a long time in the morning and boy, they sure rude the day that they took
his ass off there and I would eat it, didn't they?
Yeah, they did.
After they did that, they didn't know what they were able to do to get the audience back.
And quite frankly, they never did.
Same with a lot of other people that had been on the...
And just like when Greg Reed tried to stick this show on from 9 to 1, that sure worked real well, didn't it?
Or when Disney tried to stick this show on at 9.30 in the morning to try to get a little blood, a little more blood out of the rock.
The people who manage in this business man, I wouldn't give you a dime and Dick Casper rest in peace.
He was a genius.
But for the most part, these people wouldn't know a radio if you shoved my old zenith, a white, big, white radio deep inside their colon.
They just don't get it.
And this guy we got now, he may be the nicest guy that ever came down to Pike Corlear on your reports, never laid eyes on him.
He may be as nice as could be.
I'm not interested in nice.
You know what Leo DeRosha once said?
What?
Nice guys finish.
Last?
That's what he said.
Leo the lip.
Not a question of who's the nicest or who's the best like to this.
And it's a question of somebody with some go on just going to come here and do something.
Get off the dime baby.
Get off the dime.
One's in twos and man are going to do it on a station that was once upon a time dominant.
And I'm going to tell you, I told you this before.
Two springs ago, whatever you're doing with two, spring of 2004, would have been right?
Okay.
When we had Moa and he really morning.
Do do do do.
Even Moa, that's right.
He never had numbers like these.
His numbers were stellar compared to this.
And we had Joe Rosanair and then me and then the mad dog of two, two or whatever.
What was Moa, he doing it that's that.
And then Hank was after a mad dog.
Mad dog was doing two to four and Hank was doing four to seven at that.
And we had a great book and we were kicking ass man.
But don't leave it alone.
Don't be happy that we're kicking ass.
Mess with success.
That's management's favorite line man.
Mess with success if it ain't broke fix it.
Mess with it.
We have to deal with it.
We have to deal with it.
Squeeze it.
Like a big zit man.
Squeeze it until everything just burst out.
And that's that's what they did.
Premier Silvio, Berlusconi, I mentioned this before.
The longest serving Premier and Post-Ware Italy and our major fascist attended his resignation today,
paving the way for a center life government led by Romano Proto,
who's you know, he's been prime minister before.
He goes away and then he comes back and then Berlusconi will go away and then he'll come back.
President Carlos Ezelio Champi, as Berlusconi, your main honest caretaker,
the president's offer said he had silly refuse to concede because he lost his last lesson.
But finally, they said, I guess they finally had to make an offer he couldn't refuse.
But I think we'll take you to Corleone.
And let me say it again, we were such a town as Corleone and it's pretty much what you saw as what you get.
Remember I told you I saw that document, Rihanna?
I'm one of those channels, they any year or something like that?
Biography.
Pretty interesting crap.
1279th holds on the pulver gun over 1300.
We ought to be real excited about that and I'm a girl never gave you a number on that.
That's the best of things.
No, I keep forgetting to ask.
But you recall when I told you just how bad that was slapping, I said,
well we got some real problems here man.
Right, you could feel it.
Oh, I could smell it, I could feel it.
I could felt like taking a very him anima where somebody had chewed off part of the...
Chew!
Oh, it was rough.
It was rough going in and even worse coming out.
And you just knew it.
And you talk to these guys, well you know whatever you say, you're absolutely right, but a beep, but a beep, but a beep, but a beep, and that's it.
I can have a summit conference and a cemetery and get a better response and talk to this crowd.
It's run this year and right now.
The Beasley Vangilboard group ink.
That's George's line by the way.
Give me a full credit.
Thank you.
One of the all-time best.
I'm sure they'll...
Banjo boy group incorporated.
Oh, how perfect.
I should have dig it over there.
Oh, they might get sued by the banjo boy though.
Not too happy about being comparatively clamped.
Ten minutes after one of QA and we got the bow today.
Oh, man give your earlobes a rest.
Give those ear drums a nice rest because bowler, at least bow, I mean you know kind of dull, but at least he talks in a lower register as opposed to...
Oh, that piercing sound.
That's a lot of the old timesports hands remember.
Billy Pierce, the great left-handed pitch for the white socks.
Billy Pierce, let's put his voice on here.
Those piercing sounds that you love to hate.
I'm gonna play that when we come back.
Those sounds?
In fact, now it's nine sounds.
Oh, there's the other one.
Hey, if you love voting, that's a given for most people in South Florida.
That's why a lot of people come to Florida.
If you ever thought about buying a vote, stop.
Save yourself a lot of money and a lot of grief.
Call Club Notico at 1-800-Vote Rent Right Now.
Why would you want to pay the expensive vote ownership and go through all the sound and dance when you can rent one totally hassle-free?
Join the club Club Notico.
Call 1-800-Vote Rent.
You'll be amazed just how easy it is.
No docking cost, no expensive upkeep, no insurance, or there you just think about it, no hurricane preparation.
With a vote from Club Notico, it's totally stress-free and truly affordable too.
Call 1-800-Vote Rent.
No getting the vote ready.
Club Notico does all the work for you.
And no cleaning up either because they take care of that too.
A Club Notico just hop on your vote, go have a great time when you done pulling off the docking off, and leave.
It's that simple that's all you have to do.
Club Notico, Call 1-800-Vote Rent.
For unlimited voting, from unlimited voting, to pay as you go small votes to your charters, it's Club Notico.
Call 1-800-Vote Rent and a Club Notico Taylor Plan to fit your needs and your budget.
1-800-Vote Rent. Call them today and get yourself on the water right away from Club Notico.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62.8.
No!
Neil God, O-W-Q-A-L.
Where the bag is.
You failed.
Oh, what the heck?
You got to call him.
No number one is rated to the Mojale de David and his own.
And at least according to my aspirations.
You're right.
Stay away from me.
I don't even know how you have children.
They're all alone.
Yes, I want your take on J.P.
They're really J.P.
They're really great.
Is that great, Gordon?
I think a good joke.
I like J.P.
They're really not to mention he's got extraordinary, never-least smooth bettocks.
Oh, yeah!
They're going to be different what you see here.
Oh, dear, thank you more.
Oh, no, no, wait a minute.
They'll go.
But I have nothing else to say.
How about this?
How's the way that down there in the mirror, Maude?
I'm right down the street from you.
I have to go.
Oh, I know.
Oh, wait.
By the way, something.
No, no, I have to go.
Look, I told you what.
I'll hold you open up right.
How's that?
I'll give you one of my old tank t-shirts.
How's that?
It's my way.
That's what the only color we have.
The things I know is growing again.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
I know the color is growing.
Oh, no.
You're going to go.
You're going to go.
Wow, you got it.
Wait, who's there?
I know that I'm your face.
And around those golden temples.
You walk high.
I know, I know.
You feel gold.
Look in the mirror, you see.
A road map of yesterday.
You got your happy signs.
Way to die, die, die.
I know it's glow.
It's something's staying.
Almost every day I paint.
And my veins are so they start to tickle.
I annoy the door to door.
Yeah, I love my gold.
Oh, no, no.
That's what I thought of.
I'm pretty old.
Now I get to see you.
I want you to see you.
I know.
Oh, no.
I know I have a feeling, I know.
I have a feeling, I know.
I have a feeling, I know.
for two to four, TM.
Who?
TM.
Transmitter Maintenance.
Oh, I see.
118, EQM.
Look at all these people in these people in Dave County,
they would just show them before, but all the Mexican flags.
What was that?
And all of them straw hats?
I don't know, I'm going to tell you.
I'm at MSNBC, it's the MS.
I'll just show them more of this.
Look at that.
They're landscaping that have their wages depressed tremendously
by the influx of illegal workers into the labor market.
You go, man.
It's a better wage for that particular person,
but the impact as a whole is to drive wages down.
There you go.
Just like everybody in Lodemont said, you're hero.
Speaking of radio, a crap, serious just announced
this first quarter fiscal numbers for 2006,
revealing that the satcasters lost is more than doubled,
primarily because of a stock payout to Howard's firm.
The company paid out $225 million in stock
related compensation to Stern as part of his deal.
All together, 284.6 million stock related compensation
was paid out in the first quarter.
The net loss for Sirius' quarter one was $458.5 million,
as opposed to the first quarter last year,
when they lost $193.5 million.
However, revenue is also some increase.
Also to the Stern to the tune of $126.5 million,
up to 193% from last year's $43.2 million.
So subscribers who are up revenues up
and they're losing their ass.
Subscriptions continue to climb as Sirius crossed
a 4 million mark with 4 million 77,000 subscribers
now on board for Sirius.
We have the XM numbers the other day.
They got more subscribers.
They're also losing their ass.
In other Sirius news, a complaint has been formally filed
with the FCC over the company's receivers,
which can transmit at low level frequencies
to frequencies at the very beginning of the end of the FM dial.
Radio World reports that communication general Corp
has complained to the FCC specifically about Sirius
incorporating 87.7 and 87.9 megahertz
in the internet intentional radiator mini transmitters,
built in a many a Sirius' satellite receivers.
They've been recent reports of these Sirius signals
overlapping with local stations
and listeners hearing Sirius programming such as Howard Stern
instead of NPR or Christian station.
That's a real hoot.
They're turning in to hear their Christian radio,
their inspirational prayer for the day instead of hearing
how we're talking about the big boobs.
I heard that.
And maybe throw an indication of FRSH bomb.
That would be all good.
I love it.
Corp 196, folks, we probably should take some calls here
because I've been rambling and just carrying on
like a maniac here for like an hour and a half
and I feel like 10 hours.
My neck is killing me.
Man, 5670560, pound 562,
and he's rising in a singular wireless line.
How many QAAM?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Oh, Neil, Neil Young.
So you're up to me.
What are you on?
No, it sounds like an idiot.
What he was, five C-C called once and we let him go on
and he actually had something to say for this.
He went, now all of us, anything,
since it's gonna become a rare.
What are you trying to say?
I have no idea.
We know that.
We already know the whole audience knows that.
We may be on Death Store, but we're not that desperate yet.
Well, let's say to your telegram.
WQAAM, hello?
Neil, you all.
I was trying to push the rabies, man.
Hey, Neil, two things real quick.
One of the things is, why can't they play
Death of Neil for the point?
No, no, forget about that.
Come on, Neil, what is it?
And that's the Neil.
When I'm driving the street, I drive all day.
All I see is I get a special mail and also my wife
singing like 80s tunes.
I get the rhythm to the cold.
I'm a beautiful woman too.
That must be it, yeah, okay.
Nice, nice voice, Disney.
Five, what, that was him.
Can you recognize it?
I can tell you.
The bulbous red nose.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60,
and they've arrived in the singular wireless line.
Yeah, that's 82 along the coast.
Yeah, no question about him, man.
They're dying.
I would say they're doing probably an 82-year.
WQAAM, hello?
Sounds like you're padding.
Yeah, right.
Sounds like Pat this.
WQAAM, hello?
What are you doing?
I'll say one thing about these protesters.
You know, since Bush took office,
they screwed American workers that tried to take away
our overtime, they tried to take away our healthcare,
they want to cut social security,
then run, the companies go and they declare baked up C
and they would nag on their pensions.
What are they doing about it?
We're just sitting around watching American Idol
and football games.
And these people get up to protest.
You got, oh, I see.
So in other words, the elite, yeah, you got a point there.
That's true.
Even the people,
they're going to work in Europe.
I mean, they thought some laws were hurt then.
They got a doctor asked me when I turned the streets
and took water, can't it?
Yeah, that's true.
That's a point.
Although if these people were so smart,
they wouldn't be out there protesting.
They'd go back into hiding again.
Wait until they come out with a butterfly net
then we'll see how brave they are.
5.67.05.60,
pound 5.60, and they've arrived in a singular wireless line.
One word, keep in mind, illegal aliens.
That's one word.
Keep it in mind, okay?
Not immigrants.
Immigrants are people who came in a court of the system
according to the law,
court of the process.
Waited in line.
Just like my grandparents on both sides,
they came in through Ellis Island.
They waited online.
They went over past the test,
they looked at the test,
they said,
and the castle hoist,
that was it.
They look up your butt with a flashlight.
That's right.
Just like side of them there in all in pictures
where they're looking in his mouth
with that flashlight looking for,
and that's where the weapons were.
But no, that's why they kept looking so long.
See if they had the weapons in his throat.
WDQYM, hello.
Emil.
Yes, sir.
At least they're working.
They're not in Liberty City hanging out at the corner
on top of a,
of a building.
Okay, great.
We'll go ahead to the first time, okay, Schmuck?
WDQYM, hello.
You know, you're so full of hate.
Why?
Okay, there we go.
I knew it.
It's just a matter of time.
And you're spouting that atheism
and you don't believe in God.
When you guys get back to business or what is it?
You know, I'm pretty,
they probably wore it out.
God, maybe this is an admission.
Is that what it is?
Yeah.
I think you have the mission part.
WDQYM, hello.
QYM.
I got a,
I got a suggestion on how you can improve those numbers, Neil.
Yeah, give away Marlin tickets.
Yeah, okay, no, do it.
Aha, aha.
There's a guy there.
Look, he got left out of the circle.
5670560,
Tom 560 and the Verizon singular wireless line.
We couldn't, if we paid you to take him,
we couldn't give away Marlin tickets.
How do you like that?
We could sure get some female collars, though, that way, couldn't we?
Oh, you're giving something away?
What do you think?
Oh, yeah.
Don't tell you, uh-huh, get lost.
WDQYM, hello.
No, go anglais.
WDQYM, hello.
Yeah, okay, no, no.
QYM.
Neil, yes.
Well, that was quick.
It just rang once.
Well, that's okay, that's good.
Beautiful, listen.
Just an idea, thought about yesterday's marches
and definition of, and I say definition
for reason of illegal aliens,
because they should be the same.
But the point is, if all of these people got citizenship,
that would mean that they would then have to be paid minimum wage,
which means they would then lose all the drugs
that they're coming here for anyway.
You have to get a new bathroom, right?
Does that sound logical?
Yeah, then we have to get some illegal.
We have to get illegal.
Yeah, I do.
We have to get illegal.
Right.
Now, two things they've done, your dislike or like
of certain newscasters, who would you choose
to watch if you had to make a choice?
Kidi Crowley or Rita Clauseley?
I would rather be.
Well, my brain's up.
Yeah.
I mean, what kind of a choice is that?
First of all, Kidi Crowley is not a newscasters,
she's a reporter, she doesn't have a show.
Am I still on?
Yeah, it sounds like you.
Oh, OK, no, I thought I heard the senator
wouldn't be kidding, I was being thrown out.
No, it's fine.
I mean, why don't you ask me about Kidi Crowley
and Rita Clauseley?
What do they have to do with you?
That's what I meant, reporters, in the sense that you
find the law.
Well, I know I find the law.
He's a talking head.
They both Kidi Crowley is a giant in the industry.
Well, what that was all about?
I mean, talk about desperate to create some material.
Am I still on?
Yeah, am I still on?
This is my effect.
I looked at numbers and I'm asking.
Am I still on?
No.
OK.
You remember the sum of the days I've asked recently?
Are we just a transmit around?
Are we actually on the air or what?
I want you to give a big one.
And I'm going to stop calling them Parabell.
It's Bozo the Clown.
OK.
Because this guy is a real Bozo.
And when you see Bozo in a hole,
I want you to give him a big kiss on the lips for me.
I say, oh, man, he was so pretty.
You know what you've done?
Yeah.
I wasn't happy with the note instead.
No, no, I'm both cheeks.
You know, like the European way they would do it.
Big kiss.
Of course, he came from kiss, so he can probably relate to it.
27 after 1 at 5, 60, WFM.
We got Kimba Boca for a great American coming up
at 2 o'clock.
I'll bet you when we get the hour by hour,
bet you they did once again between 2 and 4.
I have a feeling and a poor mad dog, man.
The great part of the whole thing is they're destroying all
of the elements that were successful before.
And at least we don't all have to take it personally.
Because that just does.
They're destroying each and every element on the station.
It was highly successful before as in highly salicy.
And they, you know, and just selectively butchering,
just butchering.
At the Melving Pod, Fondo isn't just a meal, man.
It's a memorable four-course dining experience
where you can really dip into something different.
And who doesn't like to dip into something exciting?
And you have a variety of unique
on trades and special Melving Pod dipping sauces.
Imagine starting dinner with the Melving Pods
we now in cheese fondue.
It served with three different breads,
granny smith apples and crisp veggies.
And you sit there with a big smile
and you push in and you dip it and you enjoy it.
It's great.
Next to choices salads all with the Melving Pods
homemade dressings, I'm tracing food lobster,
filet mignon, shrimp, cajun, seasoned chicken,
pork, parterbella, mushroom, duck,
and lots more cooked in oil or broth.
And those Melving Pod dipping sauces absolutely out
of this world.
And for dessert, this will really set you free.
The chocolate fondue is so good, it's to die for.
Dip fresh your strawberries, bananas, pineapples,
cheesecake, brownies, top-drop,
with tasty marshmallows, rolled in crushed Oreos
and graham crackers.
Do you ever have those?
Yes, not if I could put those on.
Oh my God, just a thought of it,
it's enough to set me free.
The Melving Pod.
And don't forget, by the way,
Mother's Day is coming up in less than two weeks now,
two weeks from yesterday,
Mother's Day from Sunday, Mother's Day is Sunday, May 14.
And everybody knows that Mom's love the Melving Pods.
And so I get left out called to make your reservations
for a real treat, something different and delicious
for Mom on Mother's Day May 14.
You'll find the Melving Pods in Fort Lauderdale,
Coral Springs, Vokoratone, North Miami Beach,
Kendall, and prestigious Cooper City.
This is Neural Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
Neural, yeah.
Her Ses fırs on Gott Nahas relationships as the sun shines.
In a million dawn lights our Home
for little baby child of korker centered
el rise, and甚麼 of wave.
In this wrong keep train,
does here's a thing
They believe a child must be born inside of me
It's our girl's to run on the sand
White Katie broke up with his name
Sure he's hot, but he's crazy at that
Make me sense me, you
To believe in and see you
So we just shake our hands
Something we can laugh at
But that poor child
I think you're mad
Because there's one thing the world don't need
And learn to decide the Scientology and the Doodle
Absolutely
And Scientology is mine
Yes, I think so
133.27.02, both camp were at 2
We got 13 every 15 votes out of Poland
We finally found one who didn't go to school yesterday
Shame on you
Shame on you, man
It took a long time
Probably spoken in some of that good stuff
Of course they could have been sick
5 6 7 0 5 60
0 5 60
Leave a rise in the singular
Wireless line, man
Let's get those phones re-crank up for a big close in 27 minutes today
What do you say?
Or let's just re-play last night's Marlon game, the eighth inning
30 QAM, hello
George
Yeah
Hey, I was just calling you
Because I couldn't get in touch with you
You guys didn't get the phone
Listen, the Argentinians now are just as bad as
You know, the international question has the Mexicans
You know that, right?
What do you mean by that?
Well, two or three years ago the economy fell apart
Yeah, I know that
Well, before then they didn't need a visa to come into the United States
Sort of like the British and the Germans
Those people, they don't need a visa to come into the country
Now they are required by law to get a visa
So even if they get a visa, they usually get a visa
I'm just telling you, it wasn't a matter of political, political, or anything
Because you were watching a lot of our shluppers
Yeah, they're shluppers
Yeah, so now
Like all of Latin America, there are a bunch of shluppers and they all want to come up here, right?
Up there, excuse me
Up here, uh-uh
Down here
Now, down there
567056, it was always he tried to say there's a lot of poverty and shluppers and disaster
We're in a lot of chaos and our history
But we thought that Argentina was doing okay and apparently they're not
No, whoever said that they were doing okay
Well, they got the Nazis over there, so they're not
Well, that's, those are all dead now, man
Yeah, no, we got their children in the radio
They took up some of that Argentinian beef
WDQYM, hello
Yo, Neil
Yeah
I was just wondering, guys, what the numbers?
It's only one way to get those numbers up, you got to get things away
Yeah, hold your breath, man
Here's the dial tone for you, okay? No extra charge
WDQYM, hello
Mexican, the other white meat
WDQYM, hello
I didn't go to school, I didn't go to work
I got my-
Mexicans are brown, by the way, Jack, cool
Yes sir, go ahead, you didn't go to school
I sat on my butt all day
Like an idiot
And then finally I just went out and I put a bumper sticker on my neighbor that has a bush chaining or a forest sticker
That says, I'm also a hypocrite, right next to it
Excellent, good job, pal
I couldn't go protest because I'm not going to stand in the middle of western by myself
I don't blame you, plus are you in the legal alien?
Uh, not anymore, haha
Alright
He was before he made a phone call and I was coached, you're okay, but we like his altitude, so you're okay
You can stay
He got legalized
That's right, we just legalized, in fact, that could be a new format
Call it a show, we will legalize you right here on the garage or show
We'll baptize and legalize you, well, that is correct
And circumcise and Simonize
Because if you're going to come in from Latin America man, you definitely need to be circumcised
Don't touch!
WDQYM, hello
See, like I hesitate when he asks, and when people do, they go
Yeah, he knew what I was trying to call
They got to think about it, hey Neil, just one thing
I'm really happy you and I hanged you back together on the air, you know, I missed that
What would you mean by that?
Well, you guys did a little falling out of here
Don't we even have any falling out?
This is a goofball again?
Yeah, G is in goofball, yeah
WDQYM, hello
Hey, we are, you can't take us tonight today
Yeah, no problem, hang on, WDQYM, hello
Yes, sir, I'm going to do it
Yeah, it's GIL, are you doing?
Studying GIL
Oh GIL, Studying GIL, we got a fraction of Studying GIL this morning
First time we've heard from him in about 100 years
Yes, sir, how are you, sir?
I've been pretty good
Hey, I just wanted to see the, we just had a rating
I was asleep and I'm denying air, sir
No, you don't want to hear him?
Yes, I do, sir
Hey, I'm going to start
I'm going to start getting a bit of a fan
I can help on these stuff, they're real bad if you take a breath, Studying GIL
Okay
Not good
Okay, okay, but go ahead, I'm ready
There you go
No, he's ready for that, he's down for it
Yeah, go ahead, I'm ready
I've heard that before too
5670560, pound 5660, they've arrived in Singular wireless line
WDQYM, hello
Who are you?
Who are you?
Yeah, I'm going to start the meal
Speaking
No, I want to show you guys who do the song series or the parody songs
Yeah
I bought a, you know the song that air, it's with Choe here
I mean, it, Choe has got a gun
Yeah
How about Choe, you've got a gun
Yeah, that's boring
And old and there's like five bits on it
Yeah, we've already got about a hundred bits on it
Let's see, she's got a gun
That's how, oh yeah
This one like
How to keep taking what you got
Check the check it inside, y'all, inside, y'all
God, God, God, God, God, God, God
Choe needs got a gun
There you go
That was quick, how did that idea start?
What did you do?
Here's the fact that says, Rachel was always
Paul Hackett, X-Marine was sitting in for Jerry Springer the other morning
And he called 911 Truth People a bunch of wackos, they should stop smoking a crack pipe
Who the hell cares about Jerry Springer or Paul Hackett?
Thank Robin Williams and his RV, what does it say?
We're able to keep you at 93 from number one spot
Oh, yeah, Robin Williams, that was the number on movies
That's how great it is
The last three minutes of take from the recorder fly 93 has always been missing
For people to increase their own weight, is that when the missile shot it down?
That's right
For people looking to increase their own awareness, there's an 911 Truth conference in Chicago in June
Yeah, okay
Thanks very much, Roy
All you people, I want to know the truth
Just like the thing I watched on the Kennedy assassination the other day
Okay, we all know what isn't the truth, but the fact is we're not going to know the truth
It's about a beep, about a boop
Oh, and you know something, I forgot that Joe Pesci was in JFK
He played David Ferry, you know, with the real bad hair piece in the eyebrae
And if that convinced me more than ever that he and Volka Bryant are the same
They are
Same person
Because he was wearing the same piece, you know, a silly wig that Volka puts on every now and then
That was the one that Joe Pesci was wearing in JFK
And he was talking, yeah, he was still talking that same voice, it might have been a mystery
And a bunch of mysteries and over here and over there, nobody's ever got a no, but it was the same deal
Joe Pesci is chicken egg
This is Neil Roger
This is 5.62.8
Katie Horser, Labour star
Saiyan, Pala, Chi, Impala
That should not allow to make a sound
Even if your girl parts into ground
And you can't have a never-futurile fall to tame
You must have seen
They have a room
A silence
Or even though the pain's extreme
And you are the Alex Green
They'll run over, test the shots you have
If you ask me that's a load of crap
It's like driving a tractor trailer through a doggy toll
I think you're at
A lot of joy
And still they ask
Is for silence
Because of the shape that you're in
You'll want to swear like George Carlin
You'll wish you could use those seven words
You'll feel like they're caught in new birth
And there is nothing
You will be allowed to say
The heaven's saying
This could be who a silence
Lots 46, the good news is we're going to let all the slipperers from my American and the US on the 1st of June, man
El Hun El
Primo de Hunio
I would have thought that Julio would have been a better match for that
But I wouldn't be bad
El Cinco de Hunio
July 5th
My mother's birthday and I don't know her mom
Happy birthday sweet
And she'll cook all the nice big dinner
Viscuit
72 a.m. Hello
You know, can you tell me how long you have died in the waiting?
They don't they're not in there
They don't show
They don't show at all?
No
Okay, thanks then
You're welcome
5670560
I wonder why that is
Why isn't WLR in ratings?
Are any specializing for that?
No, because they're not a commercial radio station
I don't know why that is
Because they're not a commercial station
There's a lot of people listen to what a lot of people like NPR
And they don't want to hear the Howard's Dirt Show
But the people who are traveling in the Christian radio
They deserve to hear the Howard's Dirt Show
I think that's fabulous
That's karma
That's right
What comes right back up back to you?
That's what Rick Raleigh said
WQA M
25602
25602
Hello?
Yes sir
Neil?
Yeah
Listen, it's dangerous to differentiate between illegal and legal
Because the government will simply give them amnesty and make them legal
We don't want any more immigrants, illegal or illegal
Really?
Sure, it's going to be a quota
We read Pat Buchanan's new book
No, I'm not reading Pat Buchanan
You read it, okay? I read it in Pat Buchanan's book
Okay?
Mr. Zina Fob
He makes your boy Lou Dobbs
He's like the open-border man
Pat Buchanan, my ass, okay?
God
5605
It's all inferners, inferners
We can't be all like Lily White, the royal blue bloods like Pat Buchanan and
it's Mr. Bay which rhymes with you
Get out of here
You fascist bastards you
They ain't no James Buchanan, I'll say to that, our 15th president
Rumor is he was
Yeah, or was it Franklin Pierce? I don't remember where it was
I think it was Billy Pierce
I'm thankful
I always wondered about that in WQA in presidents myself
Yeah, there's guys that wore the powdered wigs
Oh my God
I wonder how Moeward looked in one of those
Don't worry, don't worry
I'll never know because he took a
Powder
That's it
Oh, here's one I always like to face this is signed anonymous
Yeah
The channel for news last night reporting on footy leaving WI-100
They also took great pains to say he wasn't being forced out
They said he wants to continue broadcasting
They mentioned how much older he is than his target audience
Sounds to me like they made him an offer he couldn't refuse
Yeah, he's on WI-100 broadcasting like a teenage years
And he's like a hundred years old
They mentioned that possible replacement could be a syndicated show from New York
As CBS just signed up for new host of the morning show I suspect they're jumping into chance at opian Anthony
Maybe QM should try to grab them before it's sheer a clear show
Oh my God, this guy
This is the funniest facts of all time
Yeah, we're gonna put opian Anthony on you, okay?
I'm sure they love the work with Joyce looking over their shoulder
Okay, we can't even say crap or play a fart sound
And we're gonna put opian Anthony on the air
But this didn't know under your anonymous man
Good, Gally Miss Molly, you just don't get it all
These people think we're fun on them, you know what?
Oh, I know, I know
They don't believe it
They're probably thinking Joyce is a fictional character Joyce fits right
It's with Wicked Bitch in Witch
She is the bane of our existence
And she's the one called all the shots
She's the one writing this place and driving into the ground
Because of Bozo the clown, he's got the testicles of a fruit fly
Oh Joyce, may I? May I? May I do this?
May I, may I? May they? May they?
Somebody get rich and write to call it a may day, okay?
Because once those numbers came out as if we did not renew it
We knew it was May they have QAM
We're gonna have our own demonstration in the streets
I think that I might even fly down for that
All the QAM people passed and present March in the streets in protest
Of the butcher job, man
Hatch its job
How do I express it?
What is there left to say?
Like I said, this is all we can do is the best we can
Under impossible circumstances
And this guy says, oh put opian Anthony on here
You're better grabbed before cheap channelers
Right! These guys are so terrified
They wouldn't put a cookla fran in Ali on here
Because they're afraid that somebody might misinterpret what cookla means
What does it mean?
I don't know, I'm afraid to ask
Call up Joyce if we can interpret it on here
Might be something filthy, something sub-rosa
1347 votes on the pool
How did illegal alien they affect us?
They know that they have immigration
It had nothing whatsoever to do with immigration
Look up immigration as a dictionary
And Lou Dobbs is right about that
I wasn't screaming about it, but I'm before Lou Dobbs was screaming
Did I have what was I talking yesterday on all these channels?
Yes, yes you were
We do the same thing
And by the way, see the legal aliens already had that, Misty
They don't have anything to pitch a fit about
That is correct
They're the ones that were out there protesting
Quit being a professional hoolie, okay?
People on South was eight speed
What are you protesting about for Christ's sakes?
You're in your legal, you got yours cut the crap
That's right
Stop attracting attention
In addition to what you're not fooling us anyway
Because we know the Cubans in the Mexicans hate each other like boys
And so they can anyway
You're the one that taught us that
You're not fooling anyone you know
The Reacons, Cubans hate the Reacons
And the Reacons hate the Cubans
And everybody hates the Mexicans
And the Jews forget about them
You know, it's one big happy family
And I...
Oh Nancy Grace testifies, Fran
Grace, headline for all
Oh Nancy Grace
And then they also got that other Nazi going to be under too
On headline news
The one that's on Chiefs' channel in the morning
What are Glenn Beck?
I keep forgetting, he arrives with Todd Greck
Glenn Beck, he's also going to be on headline news, Fran
Well Fran
I've told you one thing about Nancy
She must be poverty because she's whoever got a lot of friends
This is Neil Roger
What's the Fox News?
Is 5.62 AF
Only in the Banana Republic baby
Only in Miami
That's a movie
Go Black
All the hardburn
Don't know, don't know every time I see
Don't know, don't know
That three-part, it can't win
Don't know, don't know
All my TV
He's President of the ***
Republican Russell is
And in Archangel and Idiot
I don't know why
They wanted one to stop a Nazi
First round of the four years
I'm a gun
President of ***
Republican
Republican
All what I get to
Go vote once more
And get to be your voted vote
All right
Here you want this
Don't know, don't know
It's drumming stupidly
Don't know, don't know
And this wrongly rich kid
Don't know, don't know
He's even
Double in me
He's President of the ***
He has no care what it looks
You got a man by hooker and roll up the Chris
All those words of you and I
But he'll go fear
We've got a great leader here
With President of ***
Republican
Republican
Republican
All right, just got to memo
You're going to be very pleased to see this
You heard of staff infection
Yeah
There's going to be a staff animal
330 to 7 noon
Everybody's reiss mandatory attendance
All right
And I have a blueberry animal for the entire QAM staff
See if that helps
Okay, I'll insert the tube
Here, I'll go
You're welcome
You have to bring your own hose
I don't think I carry one or only
No crack hose
1359 vote on the poll
How did illegal alien day affect you yesterday?
That's our question
Not at all 971, that's my vote
Hubman Drared
71.4%
Much less traffic to 128
Spent extra money just out of spite 69
I hate this poll 25
Didn't go to work 24
Didn't go shopping 17
Didn't open my business 14
Catorce
What do I know my espagnol my numbers or what?
What do you think of it?
A worse traffic 9
And didn't go to school
We got a pair now
Didn't go to school
One guy he did some productive
Anyway, stuck some bumper cigarettes, some busher lover
Nice job, Pally. And by the way, we did trace the call
We put your name and dress you size on here tomorrow
During the show
We are coming back tomorrow, aren't we?
I don't know, but you better practice those numbers for the new format change, you know
Oh yeah, we'll know those trace
Don't start with that Scotty Mack wrap again
Bye, bye, bye!
