It's going to be something if we're all the enrod and stuff and everything else the chanien and his pals have been involved and that he goes to jail for
Shooting quail without a license. He's not going to jail. It's just a joke
He's not even gonna slap on a wrist. How about every the heli one? How about the explanation?
He's in the white house
The white house reaction. I think you can always look back at these issues and look at how to do a better
Job up. That's fair comment. I think that the media reaction is the one that's really pathetic
In fact NBC News spent almost the first five minutes of their newscast last night about themselves
You know about great David Gregory said this and David Gregory said that and
The heated exchange that they had with Scott McCullen if there was heated about all these people that are dying in a
Ranking about the word it was based on lies
Then we might accomplish something you know, but they take some rather insignificant thing where he like you know
Obviously broke the law. We'll see you do everything. He's just shot some guy in a face. Let me shot a guy big deal
We would do only bad thing. It wasn't Scalia. Well, they want the guns. They deserve it. There you go
Exactly guys that played with guns
Kid shot. He was a kid's a kid was a keynote speaker to the NRA
Yeah, last year well, they got their own orifice. Don't you remember this?
We're gonna have basically our own office right next to the oval orifice
Yeah, yep the headline and the New York Daily most of America are gun nuts too
So that's what separates America from these civilized countries of the world. Yep the headline in New York doing is bird brain
Mm-hmm. So non-starter for me. I got bigger fish to fry. I got more important things to worry about than duck hunting with the
Device president me to small potatoes. I'm frying Todd today. Are you really? Yeah Todd Dreck? Yeah
Now that frying smutzes back in our sales department. I was just telling George we got smuts and Dreck in the sales department
And that's something I bet you know other station in America could match that absolutely not so what did Todd Dreck do to you now?
Only two days without copy the expired last
Okay fat boys got a piece of copy. I'm doing twice today
That says ends February the third today is the 14th, you know, I mean, yeah our new guy George head lunch with Joe
But yes, they said a wonderful guy good intentions. He's got a new guy coming in to be the sales manager
But in the meantime, it's a lot to overcome here
It's like trying to clean up a mess after 85 elephants have just run through your living room
It's you almost throw up your arms. We want to give up. It's quite a mess all these years of Greg Reed leaving this
A massive mess behind and then of course that and the frosting on that cake is what I told you yesterday and the water
Not see who's joined the hip with Greg try to course everybody in the sign of a good by card, you know
Even if you don't mean it come on sign it. You better sign it. I'm gonna write you up if you don't sign it
You can't do it. I mean the number of grotesque mistakes of this guy made it's just just amazing
And I can't imagine why the bees these are just not you know cutting the mustard. Oh, how about this story the beach
The worst or for sale. Yeah, I got that thing. Oh, okay. Well, I mean it's just a conjecture
We we've been for sale ever since I started inside radio says bees least see this is old news
Because it was before the numbers came out yesterday morning. I'm talking about the
Financial numbers. Yeah, bees Lee stock was up ahead of this morning's quarter four numbers and were there also on
Sale or going prep rumors, wafting around Wall Street on Friday question mark
Then of course come to find out the numbers were disaster and the stock went down and of course
We're as far as going private is concerned
That shouldn't surprise anybody any others that no business going public in the first place
That's what Greg Reid told me in our last conversation
The sale part is concerned all I can say is oh god, hallelujah wouldn't there be greater
Religious station that wants to come along and buy us all out
Yeah, yeah, what a thought huh? What a concept?
So they got the past leave right?
Yeah, it appears to go away just buy out our contracts
That's not a bad deal Neil we would miss the audience tremendously especially by the way happy Valentine's Day all our 10 ladies
We got listening out there and everybody else too, but it'll be a shame to be losing our contact with the audience like that
But I think we'd probably find you know some way to fumble through
My man is last year when I had my eight weeks off. Yeah
I managed a seven months after Paxing paid me off to go away. Yeah seven months
I can think I could find something to do and I kept thinking about all those people who said oh gee if Neil wasn't on here
He would be so he'd be so frustrated and agribate yeah, I mean how could I how could I get through the day when I've
Talking all these intellectuals that we talked to every day. Oh my god. How could I survive? It's like that summer
Schedule you know when I work two days a week. How do I survive the other five days? I don't know must be tough
By the way, I got my teeth cleaned this morning. I went to my dentist. Yeah about a block away from here
Everything I'm so convenient for me here. I went to the and the difference with the dentist and the doctors
Who just like the difference between everything else in the South Florida like a real city? It's
Civilized it's like the difference between a real professional job and a look in a smear
She really got into and the scoured man. I feel like I good new set of teeth. I would good Dennis. Good. I'm glad to hear it
Fact his son is the promotion director here for the FM station for power. Yeah
And who the hell is that Bernstein Bernstein. Oh there you go
Now my dentist here is a Russian. I don't know if he's Jewish or not. He's a Russian guy
But he's good. Dr. B's good. No good
But you have civilized medicine up there, right? Socialized medicine. Yeah, that
Most people call it civilized medicine. Oh, does it doesn't affect me in any way?
I pay cash and of course when you pay cash when you're not a Canadian citizen. They see you first before anybody else. Oh
Absolutely when you want to come in
You're a cash paying customer you betcha. I was I heard that when I was in Denmark on a tour one time
You were reading those cartoons were you? No, this was years ago and they were
They were talking about how about their medical system there and how it's
They it's referred to as socialized medicine than the tour guide said we refer to it as civilized medicine. Yeah
But you remember that
Well, what's gotta be about four years ago now when I fell and broke my hand that bowed on my hand at Amsterdam
And my hands swelled up about double the size and so I got in the cab and went to the hospital
And I sent the emergency room and waited for about a half an hour
Which is not like bad and they came in the x-ray didn't then they put the split on there and the whole deal and they sent me away
All I had to was show my passport and fill out a couple of papers and then when I left I said well how much do I owe you
And he said oh, we'll send you a bill. Let's say they sent me a bill for like 50 gilders or something
I was like on nothing. Yeah, basically for free even though I'm not a citizen of Holland
You wouldn't even you wouldn't even get in to see anybody here
Now if you went to the point you paid getting seen in a half an hour in the emergency room anywhere in South Florida
It's unheard of unless you're
spewing blood from every poor in your body forget about it or you stop reading maybe right
But they won't they won't even see you unless you show them you know your
Oh, yeah, that's the first thing they want yeah
I'm everyone when George took me to the emergency room in Pemper Pies at time. I was going to pick up my check in passon and I had like
slipped on the highway there, you know where you turn off the turnpike to go to the stadium
Yeah, and my car spun around hit the wall and my head hit the rear view mirror
And I like a big lump like a baseball in my forehead and so I went to the hospital and then sitting there and I got
My head is dropping and the first thing they want to see is your insurance card. Yeah, they don't give it to me
They won't read you your heart if your heart is beating it. They want to see that insurance card. Otherwise the hell of it
Yeah, exactly. Let's throw you back on the street. Right
Well, we don't want to have that we don't want to be like all those fascist. I mean those comedy pinco countries right
All right
So what's on your agenda today my agenda today is um killed four hours
Butchered what do we got today? We got bodice this afternoon. We got Kimba Bo camper. Yeah
And then yeah, it's Valentine's Day guilty tomorrow
What's that deal with Eric Reed? What's that all about he does a weekly?
I understand that but why is what I'm asking why I mean does Dave Strader do a show
That's part of our heat thing
But what do you mean part of our heat thing? We don't carry the heat. We don't have the heat games are not the heat station
We have a our heat thing. We have a heat program every Wednesday morning with
I understand that but I mean what does Eric Reed have to do it and he's the broadcast
I don't get it, you know you'll have to when I get off it too
I did that it's such a good job with my dental hygienist this morning you too
I'm gonna go ahead and get a lobotomy like remember jack Nicholson at the very end there in
Kuku's nest
And the chief is looking at him and chief is gonna escape and take him with him
You know, but then he looks at him and realizes they see all the the sewn up parts and his hand he realizes
This is his edelabotomy
And he just kind of snuffs him out there with a pillow. It's just I think that's what I need to get all the right all the other
A part of the station out of my head
Because we're doing just fine between ten and two. That's that's the rumor. We're doing just fine
Yeah, there's a matter of fact when you take out the November the hurricane month
We just looked at all those numbers. We were number one between ten and two so for the jackass who sent me that fact the chronic from
Boka or whichever chronic that was I hate to break the news deal
But the hurricane month killed everybody
But if they want to take the point zero three's or whatever they hit across the street and they want to count that month
That's fine. I'm sure they'd be delighted to do that
Well don't lose too much on a Tuesday. It's kind of an off day. Yeah, there's nothing going. We do the maraud tomorrow
Tomorrow's a big day for me. Yep me too. Tomorrow at two o'clock fly out that door
Go see how much I can lose in about eight hours
I'm ready. I'm ready to plunge tomorrow. Good. I've been I haven't done that in a while
Like our friend Derek says don't be afraid send it in since I came back from Las Vegas
Oh, by the way speaking of that speaking of Vegas. I don't know if you got the story
I'm sure you must have about Gretzky. Oh, of course
I'm not talking about his wife. I'm talking about him. Oh, what about him?
The Las Vegas Review Journal reports that he has lost more than two million dollars in Vegas, Casinos
And he's got a credit line about the 25,000 a hand
But he's not a gambler you understand just the wife
Oh
He's not betting on sports now. Well, not that we know of betting on certain of a corner
Those things that you probably haven't discovered yet called sports sports in all the casinos in Vegas
We know we wouldn't go anywhere near those of course you wouldn't have to go near those if your wife is you know
She takes care of it Lee and bits with her
Slant knows buddy. Well speaking of slant knows what about the story about the woman. It's his
But Jimmy Hoffa you see that story. Yeah, her husband killed him. I got all kinds of good stuff today
I got a big pile. Okay, I saw that story
Yeah, yeah, we work a few. I'm usually wind up with a big pile have a great day and save it up for tomorrow. See you. Bye
Oh
Eight sounds that you hate
But I'm in it and I think they're really great. I doubt that you can't handle one or two much less or eight
It's sound that you hate
Come in from the boys they will surely separate. I tell you what they are
guaranteed you'll go
I like fingernails on a black hole people crack their neck for their knuckles
When I was styrofoam together
That just makes me
Are you saying you were out of your senses by the way
Hey
Are you tired of them already what you could tolerate if you were
And a knife scraping on a plate scraping on a plate
Here's what I really love
You might want to try it give me feedback in my head for
Oh, yeah, that's more like it little more little more over there
Hey sounds so unique
Now let's review though you can really really really free trigger nails on a black hole
People crack their neck or their knuckles
Rob is styrofoam together
For they make me
I like when you sneak you down at your floor
Raising in a room and a window
When I guess it's just filling my mold
That makes me feel
My boy singing on his record
Yeah
If these are give you the shivers
That makes you a winner
Hey, you go nuts to someone bite their foot like this
Because I love it here. I'll do it again
Do you have a nervous system left?
How about the squeegee wiping a window like back my neck
Oh
Oh wait, I got one more
I got one more too
1013 a QA in many way this fact you send me I'm glad you said this matter of fact
Don't ever send me another one from Riley but okay the reason being I looked at the header on this
And it says mounted memories sunrise Florida. Oh
Mounted memories sounds like
Something from bear ass mounting
So I guess that explains a lot about the chronic around it was
Get off our back Riley so to speak
Anyway, it's 1013 already so better get with it
We got bullet to mad dog 4 to 7 Curtis Stevenson 7 to 10 as we juggle them all around like a bunch of balls
We keep shuffling them up in the year and then
Anyk 10 good old dependable anyk old when it comes to mattresses a lot of gimmicks
The latest are sleep numbers otherwise known as air mattresses
They're only warranted in full for two years. They squeak just like we heard on that last bit they squeak they pop
And they can move their setting during but I they cost an arm and leg if you really want a high quality brand
They mattress that last you for years and years and call our good post-pies on's and file a mattress at 1800 mattress
When you call that number you'll get no run arounds no showroom shenanigans just factory direct prices on the best brand
You know and trust when you call 1800 mattresses
You choose before this biggest inventory of the top names like surda and silly king coil simons tempera ptick
Stirns and foster you would already for same day delivery at prices always lower than the so-called big name chains doors even during
Their big hot shot sales call 1800 mattress
You can have the bed you want to deliver the date and time you want the two-hour delivery window wins convenient for you like
9 to 11 10 to noon 11 to 1 245 to 445 etc
I've been a satisfied customer and so most of the QAM is too and you will be too
I guarantee it in fact
I'll bet you the water Nazis life on it call today call 1800 mattress or log on to their website mattress.com
That's 1800 MATTR ES leave off the last days because it stands for stupendous sensational saving
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.62 A rock solid
You get a lot of B.R.
The new Rogers are sports hall radio W.Q.A.L
Jest
N.S.
Hey
We've never had a
I'm gonna be in one hell of a jam
Don't take it away from me
Don't take it away
No, don't take my blackberry
You're gonna keep your damn hands off my blackberry
Baby
Don't take my blackberry
Don't take my blackberry
I'm driving to a tree
I use it in a grissing way
You check my messages from here to the road
From here to road
You're sitting my car and composing
Posing
You go online and order my kid
Don't take it away from me
Don't take it away
No, don't take my blackberry
Don't do this yet
My play games
Like break breakers on a tear
Night's in my underwear
Baby
No, the fool
Could ever replace my blackberry
It's him and me, boy
I'm on it constantly
No thing will I blackberry
I'm calling my crackberry
I'm on it in grissing way
I'm hooked worse than a damn drugging
Don't take it away from me
Don't take it away
I'm crying like a small baby
Don't take it away
Don't take my blackberry
Welcome back Brian Schwoz to a WQM
to our civil department, section of his
We have Brian Schwoz on a department now
and we got to him
It's about it
Anyway, we need to know we got Duff
Don't forget about Duff
You're fair
I won't
You got to
You got to
Anyway, here's the result of the poll for me yesterday
This fight of ways today
Every year when the prostitution
becomes legal all over America
Right
When you got to pay for it
Who's the funniest man in the history of the movies
That was our poll yesterday
We had what we have
1343 votes
Because I chopped it off at about six last night
I was in a mood to get this other one on there right away
In fact, I think we got a shot
of a thousand votes during the show today
You wonder why
Why
We got 883 right now
I'd say the odds are pretty good when you
Yeah, by the way
Call it any case who with the odds are
Mel Brooks 158
The funniest man in the history of the movies
Well, that's your opinion
Peter Sella's 131
Mod funnier than Mel Brooks
Groucho Mars 95
Rodney Dangerfield 89
Richard Pryor 75
Jim Carrey 68
Well, they must be thinking way way way back
When we used to like it
John Cleese 56
John Candy 52
Bill Murray 50
I remember the guy that said I didn't like Bill Murray
What was that all about
I would never say anything
He was Bill Murray
I don't know
Never
I said something against Murray the K
I think
I don't know
That was a cousin Brucey
John Volucci 47
Robert William is 40
Oh man, you see this don't even stop to think about it
Just move right along
You know we asked the questions
So that we get your opinions
Even though we know that many of the times
Your opinions suck
Moe Howard 36
Toto Toto Toto
And another thing
That guy that called him yesterday was just
He was so good
He was great
Perfect
We're thinking to give him that guy
Leave us your number uh
Pally
You old toad call in and maybe we'll give you two to four
Instead of Moe
Woody Allen 36
Curly Howard 32
He's right on Moe's ass
Lesson Eelson 31
WC Field 29
Chevy Chase 28
None of the above 26
Oh brother
What a hard ass
Mike Myers 26
Laurel Hardy 25
Steve Martin 25
Dave Chappelle 24
Abbot and Costello 22
Charlie Chaplin and Gene Wilder 20
Peace
Same guy different mustache
Jerry Lewis 17
Eddie Murphy 12
Oh nobody said Jerry Kallona
Speaking of mustache
Jay and Simon Bob and Eric Eidelich had 10
Only 10 for Eric Eidel
And Rowan Atkinson Mr. Bean had nine
See that tells me what I need to know about the human race
Eric Eidel gets 10
And Mr. Bean gets nine
Oh Mr. Bean
The guy is 20
No he's got that character
He is nauseous
He never seen it
Uh
What
That's had you've only seen Mr. Bean
Albert Broodley that's okay
That's not his only act you know
I will hope not
Albert first nine Bob hopes seven
Hereloid six
Marty Feldman five
Andy Coffin and Buster Keaton for a piece
Bert Larrisry Roberto Benini 2
Terry Gilliam 2
Michael Palin 1
Graham Chapman 1
Karl Reiner and Terry Jones had
Oh
None
Haha
Oh that's bad
Well Karl Reiner is not known for movies anyway
No
The movies that he was in I can't recall him
Wasn't he in the uh he was in Ocean's 11
The remake wasn't he
I don't know
I need to play a comedian
Shot the jerk briefly
Well
Here's a long long facts for Mark Shinebaum
Wow
He wasn't the remake by the way
remake of what oh she's a love that's what I said
Oh you just checked it yeah he did
Josh is right on top of it by the way
The three of us took a vote and we decided that
Riley's faxes were going to schmit Canon from now on
Now that we know he's from mounted memories
Haha
Yeah, I think we'd like to make him a mounted memory
Just like the vice president's friend
Maybe he was trying to make him a mounted memory
Oh my god
Poetry easily stock was up at the yesterday morning's quarter for numbers
That's the inside radio thing
But then it turned out to turn sour
Actually what I should do is go back and see what inside radio
Sydney I think I just delete those I don't even read them
Remember I got I subscribe to that thing just for I think for a year I had a
Subscribe just so I could read that one article
That one day about Greg read this threatening believe and but do you remember that
And then of course he did leave but not of his own volition
Even though he'll give you a song in advance he'll in halladea
But then again that's his specialty
Anyway it also says and where they're also
Sailor going private rumors
Walking around Wall Street on Friday meaning Beasley
Oh please please cracker please
Please
Please to come born again fanatics with a lot of money
We're gonna pay everybody off to go away so we can put religious programming on 24-7
Oh hallelujah
I'm getting out of my knees right now just like Wayne Heisenberg Jr
I'm gonna say a prayer
I'm saying a brocha
For somebody to buy a sound
Not that I don't mind working it's a pretty easy gig
Getting a big box for I'm doing basically nothing
But doing absolutely nothing getting big bucks would really be a sweet deal
What I mean for some of us
And then you probably wind up creating your own religious show
That's right you can handle it
And the show too
Here's the five they pulled today we got almost done her votes already
Who are what is the biggest hype of all time
Like I told yesterday oh look at that
Zikarius Musawa used to be Zacharias Musawa
I am Al Qaeda at the hearing you get made drag them out again
Just like he's taking a page from Sodom you know
He keeps carrying on an accord and he keeps schlepping him out of there
Nice haircut by the way
902 that's not the time that's the total of votes
Oh there is the Mrs. Limbaugh
I know she gives you spilky I gotta change it though
Who are what is the biggest hype of all time
So many hypes religion nobody even close 297 that was my choice religion
What a pile of crap I voted for Howard so
How you did really Howard's 396 that was George's idea put them on it
I will say this though you gotta give him credit
If for nothing else even though we don't
Not that much into a show these days but
When we did that poll a few days ago about what you listen to in the morning
And he had like about what was the percent
It was pretty impressive
I don't know 10 percent
It was about 10 percent and plus another a couple of percent
And we're listening pirating I hear in there
So about 11 or 12 percent
And most of those people are paying for it
And the show too
Howard 96 that's stern
WMD's 83
Where the hell did that come from ericory
Oh thanks eric
American Idol 83
Or 84 just went up as I spoke
Super Bowl 78
This segway 55 man air people ride them on every street corner
They're like zip and right along
Not
It's gonna revolutionize the way we live
Man you people in the media
You're such a bunch of grave robbers
You're crazy people
Little little little like that
And just the way that they're foaming at them out
About this uh bird hunting thing
You know all the other stuff that he's done
The secret energy meetings and all the lies
That they keep showing us the clips again
From meat, depress and face the nation
About the WMD's and all these other lies
Well we can't be bothered putting this feed to the floor on that
You know the scooter living business
But as far as the duck hunting or the bird hunting
For the birds
Our Elvis 36
Broke ass mountain 34
This deserves a lot more than that
Low carb diets has got
Third man
Carbs with down to 24
The Olympus 23
Tom Cruise 22
Tommy
Come out
Come out before it's too late Tommy
Before they before they uh lock that door
So not the third
And he gets stuck on the inside there with our Kelly
He's got a piece
The Olympus 23
I said that
The Beatles 16
Doctors 10
Low fat diet six
Mashed six
And David Letterman 4
Out of 907
You know they showed the clips of Lino and David Letterman
Their comments about the uh
The word anything
And I went
Y-Yup
Y-Yup
And I mean it wasn't even remotely amusing
And when you stop and think that these guys have writers
And they stay up till 4 in the morning
Writing all this material
It's uh very sad
Hey attention man
Do you have that clip
One moment please
Oh
Where the hell is it?
I don't have that
I don't know what the hell you got that from
In the uh
Well you know where I got it from
I know it's from a spot
Attention man
Yeah
If you have a hair loss problem
If you're currently wearing a hair system
You better listen to this
Because my good post personal
Pies on Charles Alphier is been
Supplying and designing hair systems
For a show business people
We're talking about the people with the big bucks
Politicians and most importantly
Everyday guys like you for over 40 years now
40 count them
Most people say can always spot a hair system
Well those people are full of crap
Because the ones you can spot are the bad ones
The good ones you never would even know are there
That's the deal with Charles Alphiery
His systems are completely natural
They look like real hair
Designed with just the right amount of hair
And they proper recessions
Run your hands through it
Looks and feels just like your own hair
And for just 99 bucks Charlie
Will custom design a hair system for you
Pride for a couple of weeks
And if you're happy with the way it looks
And feels and smells
If you're getting laid more than you ever did before
Than you'd do us for just an additional 500 bucks
Charlie is so confident that you will be
Satisfied he offers you the following guarantee
If you're not completely happy with your hair system
Just return it and Charlie will give you back your 99 bucks
So you have nothing to lose
But that shiny ugly bald spot
That makes you look like Zachary Smaussaui
Like a terrorist
That's an offer you have to be enough to refuse
So call Charlie and they tool free
And make an appointment at his studio in Fort Lauderdale
1-800-321-2413
They'll bring you in there, sit your ass down
And show you just how much better and younger
That can make you look
You'll be amazed
1-800-321-21
Say it again
1-800-321-2413
Or on the wicked web
Charles Alphiery.com
This is Neil Rogers
This is 516-Q-A-F
That's a beautiful day
Now from Washington, the Maglucklin group
featuring Eleanor Cliffs
Jack Jamal
And sitting in for Pat Buchanan
New York Giant Kiki Barber
Now here's John Maglucklin
Issue 1
George Davia
Rings of Walt
Eleanor Cliffs
Well John, I have to say
Ron
Jack Jamal
Well that's not an easy choice
Ron
Kiki Barber
I'm going to have to say to both
Ron
And Charles Ampter
For exercise
That wasn't even a choice
Next issue
Al Gore
Favorite Broadway show
Bringing the noise
Bringing the funk or cats
Eleanor, do you think it's one or
Well John, I have to say
Ron
Jackie, Jackie, Benjamin Jamal
Well that's a very difficult choice
Ron
Kiki Barber
I'm going to have to say
Not a choice
Weedy Kiki Barber
You gave it as a lesson
That wasn't a choice
Ron
Correct with ponds
Cats
He loves them
Next issue
The cast of Big Brother should be murdered
How
Eleanor
You would see
Ron
Jackie Bar
Dynamite
Ron
Kiki Barber
I don't think they should be
Kiki
Ron
Axel Ampter
Poison
Coding
Bye bye
Bye bye
1034, he's the best
Fascist
206 before 11 at 560
You see, but at least he ain't in that religion business no more
At least he got out of that
Oh, speak in a religion
Yeah
More than 1000 protesters
Sturmed into Islamabad's diplomatic district
While thousands vandalized western businesses
And torched the government building another city today
And Pakistan's worst wave of violence
Against the
Prophet Muhammad Khartun's officials said
At least two more people were killed
Dead-daded
Interior Minister
Off-Cob Con
Share Pio
Or is that Shapiro
Said two protesters died
Into worst of the violence
In the eastern city of Lahore
When a bank security guard opened fire to prevent
The administrators from forcing their way into a bank
He said parliamentary troops were deployed
In the city in order to restore order
After a stilts around protesters ran a muck
Witnesses said riders torched the provincial assembly building
And targeted western businesses
Breaking windows at a holiday in hotel
Pizza Hut
KFC and McDonald's
Over to Khartun man
Those Khartun's they're offended
I have a response to that
Okay, one simple word
Cox Ohois
That's my response
Yes
Once a craft
All the excuse all that I'm well you know
Their own leaders are taken care of them
And they're living in poverty
And they're upset with the way you know something big deal
You don't kill people over Khartun's
Over some religious focus
Just another excuse
For a bunch of crazy bastards getting everybody
Whipped up to authorancy
And of course they just
The media that are still worried about the bird shooting incident
They can't be bothered to any about the fact that the Khartun's
That they showed the public on Arab television
Most of them were fabricated in the first place
They weren't the original Khartun's anyway
And this crap about well you know that Danish newspaper
That weekly reader newspaper
They published those to be provocative
They admit that
Well I'd like to know any editorial Khartun
Is that doesn't make a Khartun to be provocative
Right
Can you name me anybody
What's the freaking person
That's the whole point of it
Is to be provocative
You morons
Jesus
God it's just prophetic
Well we must understand
We can't offend other people's believe
Well why the hell not
I think that's one of the best things we can do
Is offend people's beliefs
At least make them think and realize how stupid they are
Take a look at the result of that totally
306 votes way ahead of everything else
The biggest hype of all time
Religion baby
Focus, focus, he be GB
Nonsense
MUMBO JUMBO
In my GUMBO
And by the way they don't care about you people in New Orleans
Because they don't like chocolate people
That's just the way it is
You're not going to vote for them anyway
Even if they're rocky road
That's correct
Even if they're chocolate chunk
By the way, throughout those cookies
Good
No I ate two
I ate two of them
And then I realized that if I
If I didn't show them out
That's a whole bunch
The whole freaking bag
So I put them in my
Corbin's bag
And I took the bag to the shoot
The garbage shoot
And I shot it right down
Just like Dick Chan
I shooted it
That actually crossed my mind
Because I forgot about your teeth cleaning thing
That you didn't know about
That you ate that whole bag of cookies
And wound up in a diabetic coma
Oh
I told you I was going to
I didn't get that one in my teeth
I told you that in about five times
Mr. All the timers
That's right
In addition to which
That's why I put the audio on there
From the TV
So you know that at least I was there
I got a long before you showed up there
That's right
That was sitting there waiting to confabulate
And then you never showed up
So I left about 745
I went shopping
Well good for you
That's the water
Mark Shinebaum writes
Who the hell is that
Oh that's right
Mark we even met a bit of Mark
Which I might play about 10 seconds though
Well no I play more of it
Mark you still have nobody knows who you are
W-I-O-D
Your Pitch-A-Cottos station presents
The Mark Shinebaum Show
And here's your host
Mark Shinebaum
Good morning ladies and gentlemen
Mark Shinebaum along with my good friend
Hal Knight
On our new station
W-I-O-D
For Malnight
You're fair
Oh my god
Kimmy a break
Anyway here's a long fact
In fact the
Even though it's only February 14th
It's Valentine's Day
And it's two weeks from
We're all before that big 30th anniversary show of mine
But
The congratulations to telegrams
The letters are coming in from all over the world
I mean from Denmark
From Islamabad
And you believe it?
No
The Mark Shinebaum
I says congratulations on 30 years of South Florida Broadcast
I'm 30 man
It is significant to your thousands of fans
That your non-topic stream of consciousness talk
Raiders actually the envy of many topic talk radio hosts
One thanks back to Anita Bryant
The Mary-Elitos
Race riots
Hurricane Andrew
Alien Gonzalez
Even two world serieses
The Sports Emperor Heising et cetera
And it's been the near Roger show
That most people that many people
Tune Door Lagardeau for your interpretation of the events
And the huge hypocrisies of the day
That sounds like Howard Beal
Ranting about the hypocrisies of our times
What's wrong with being an angry prophet
Ranting about the hypocrisies of our time right
I'm a man of hell
You want to be an angry prophet?
Yeah, let's roll with me
Well then grab it
Grab it
Never underestimate the fact that while
Never setting out to influence people
You've been a voice of sanity
In sort of an insane way
It says very bad penmanship by the way Mark
During almost six years of work with Craig
Worthing he repeatedly
Something you as the gold standard radio
This week the financial times reported that CNBC tv's
Jim Kramer with 155,000
average hourly viewers was number one in that cable network
I think you have that more listed net just online
Well we only wish Mark and the boy you sure can
We only wish that you were doing the arbitron figuring
Continuous success in broadcasting
Retirement the racetracker whatever
Happy 30th Mark Shime on WFTL WDN
And he left off WIODN to send his resume here
This thing here
And you want to know why?
WIOD
Oh I hate that state
He showed us almost everybody else
Even Mike Disney hates it
Of course they've got nothing to do with it no more anyway
And the Bob Neal he hated it too
They tried everything they could to make money with us
But we were a bunch of losers
Hey Bob Neal I've stepped on better crap than you
Okay you're a little turd
Up there in Atlanta with all of me Yehoo's
You know when when the management people
At cost broadcasting
Since you down and tell you the reason they didn't want to
As much as they would have liked to
A WSB in Atlanta
Is because the people in Atlanta are like a thousand times more right wing
And more red-nicky than the people in Tampa
I think that tells me everything I need to know about Atlanta
You understand?
Shoulder
Yeah
Which is probably why they're not too happy with all
And chocolate people live in there anyway
Lot of Yehoo's
Like people in their own side tail
Anyway let me say it again we got Bo Camp or it too today
And what we ought to do is have like an office pool
Every more you guys around a water cooler
Can kind of like a bed on it
Who's going to be doing the revolving dough from two to four
And a..]
Mole
Good Lord he is
Taking care of his
Hum imports
Uh
Food
A
A
Cat
No
Bat
Three
Oh
Gray
Fuck
Sorry
For the season, you dashed my hopes of memory please, Here's well open my eyes
For no one fair and free, I'm like bustle of your dues
There's a way, see, in my trailer, And then I find you no longer here
You valed day by my search of failure, And over the hearts of all the sports players,
And over the fitness games, Now you've never gone
If your toes I've walked in by now, Are they half of the boys?
That's a life's horrible radio!
That's a life's horrible radio!
Now only Shack's bones we can see!
That's 44!
And Ricky's back anyway, so just to put away the crying towel,
Although they're gonna have traded him as ethodial Josh, we don't care
Only time will tell.
Yeah, we don't really care on this show, we give a crap a lot.
And we care more about Vanessa Williams on this show.
And what about the Serena Williams?
I'm good!
He can have both our portions.
Anyway, here's an article I'm telling you, my psychic powers are alive.
I got up an hour earlier than usual to go get my teeth cleaned this morning.
I feel better than I have in about 100 minutes.
Yeah, pretty good.
You're running your tongue along your teeth.
No, I swear.
No, that's not the point.
It's got nothing to do with my teeth clean.
It's just getting up the hour earlier.
I think you're gonna go out and go out and take a brisk walk.
Okay, no snow, by the way.
It's the 14th of February, and it's gonna be like in the 30s.
I think that's cool, let's go get a snow here.
Well, there you go.
In fact, we're almost even steven on the temperature.
John Nichols writes, leave it to John in the nation.
Media's aim misses real chaining misdeeds.
See, that's what I, you know, I don't wanna pee on your parade
about the bird hunting and all the other crap,
about the fact he shot a guy.
But, you know, big simmits, okay?
The White House press corps, John Nichols writes,
taking a break from its usual stenography duties,
actually roused itself to ask,
truth impaired spokesman Scott McCollum,
some tough questions about dig chaining.
Unfortunately, while it was good to see if he reported his rise
from their vended knees,
they were asking the wrong questions about the wrong issue.
What got the press corps all hot and bothered was the fact
that chaining misdeeds kept details about the vice president
shooting a man's secret for the better part of 24 hours
and then stepped the story to a local paper
in the city nearest to Texas,
due to ranch where the incident took place.
Most of Monday's 41-minute long White House press briefing
was taken up with questions about the gunslinger
which used pension for secrecy,
and the bloody details of the shot chaining's hunting buddy
took to the face.
But what was especially clear was that the members of the press corps
do not like to get scooped on the story of a vice presidential shooting spree
by the corpus Christi Collard Times.
McCollum was prepared with, was peppered with pointed questions
and sharp aside from likes of NBC reporter David Gregory,
who grumbled about the fact that the vice president of the United States shoots a man
and he feels that it's appropriate for a ranch owner who witnessed this
through the local corpus Christi newspaper,
not the White House press corps at large,
and notified the public in national way.
When Gregory accused McCollum of ducking and weaving
rather than responding frankly to the questions he's paid
by the taxpayers of the U.S. to answer,
the press secretary suggested the NBC reporter was grandstanding.
An angry Gregory retorted,
don't accuse me of trying to post to the cameras,
don't be a jerk to me personally when asking you a serious question.
McCollum told Gregory not to yell.
The reporter then pointed the press secretary's lecture and enshouted,
if you want to use that podium to try to shake, take shots at me personally,
which I don't appreciate, then I will raise my voice because that's wrong.
The pair is sputtered back and forth until finally McCollum said,
I'm sorry you're getting all riled up about to which Gregory replied,
I am riled up because you're not answering the question.
More power to Gregory and several other members of the usual
some name-believe White House press corps,
for trying to get McCollum to answer a few questions about the misdeeds
of the most powerful vice president in American history.
The only frustrating thing is that Gregory and his compatriots were all excited
about the secretive handling of the details regarding a hunting accident
that while troubling can hardly be described as the most serious matter of concern
with regard to Cheney.
To be sure a trigger-happy vice president makes for good feature stories,
not to mention good comedy.
Well where were the demands for answers?
Where was the critic or cry for accountability?
Where were the shows of righteous innovation last week?
When it was revealed by the National Journal that Cheney's former chief of staff,
Scooter Libby, and told a federal grand jury he was authorized
by Cheney and other White House appears to disclose classified information to journalists
as part of a plot to defend the Bush administration's manipulation of
pre-war intelligence to make the case for going to war with Iraq.
In the scheme of things, the many unanswered questions about whether the vice president
the West engaged in a conspiracy to deceive Congress and the American people
about reasons for entering a war that has now killed more than 2,200 Americans
and tens of thousands of Iraqis of Indians would seem to be a bigger deal
than the same vice president's involvement in a hunting accident.
Chuo would be foolish to assume that Scott McCollum would be any more forthcoming
about the administration's manipulation of pre-war intelligence
and evidence of Cheney's involvement in efforts to attack those who exposed
that manipulation, then he has been about the manipulation of information
regarding the vice president's gunplay.
But if the press corps is going to rise from its slumber when it comes to
Cheney's secrecy and jacquainery, would it make sense to get excited
about the constitutional crisis as opposed to the beach-itchy trigger-finger?
Not exactly what I just said.
Rad.
And here's John Nichols on the nation coming out with like only moments later.
I was going, John, you go, boy. I think we're going to have about 1,000 votes
by 11 o'clock this morning. I think that's unprecedented.
That's because I put it on around six last night.
9.74, wow, it's going to be tight.
It's going to be really tight. 9.74.
Well, there's that little girl's killer.
There is Kendall Koffee, blah, blah, blah, blah.
The media, how many family members have here from you?
Which I just quite a really rely on the jury.
Fry is ass. Very crankable spark again, right?
Right up there in sharp. Crank it up and fry his ass right on TV.
Sure as hell, B-Baldi's stupid White House press conferences.
974 votes. What or who or what is the biggest type of all time?
Good poll. Who came up with that? I did.
What's about time? Relidian 315, WMD's nice going Eric 107.
Howard Stern 101.
American Idol 89. Super Bowl 80.
Lee Segway 61. Broke Ass Mountain 37.
Elvis 37. I wonder if Elvis had a spare time up on Broke Ass Mountain.
Low-Crop Diocese is stuck on.
Not 30, man.
Tom Cruise 24, Madonna 24.
The Olympics 23. The Beatles 16.
Is Ed Sullivan would say the Beatles.
Doctors 11. Low-Fat diet 7.
That's that Dr. Neen, they're Dean Ornish.
I'm sorry. Dean Ornish.
You know what kind of Henny likes?
Cornish?
That's it. And you know what?
Go on your shelf and.
A mash 7 and David Letterman 6 out of 982.
Well, we got a shot at the thousand next 7 minutes.
We'll get there.
We will get there.
Is you excited about that?
New media.
I sure is. And then I got Tom Cruise full.
I'll say thanks to our buddy, although Sean,
if it's a great poll, but only one this time.
Oh, you see even Sean's running out of material.
Boy, after the first 2500 polls,
they start getting a little bit difficult.
Come up with something new and exciting for the South Florida crowd.
It's always very demanding.
Oh, we already done that when Ed said boring.
What are we going to do?
Yeah, what have we got for us today?
Come on, come on.
Better get with it.
Uh-oh.
You know all that stuff that they shine your teeth with?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, boy.
It looks in there.
Oh, yeah.
Mafia wife from Bokers has husband killed Jimmy Hoffa
and threatens a soprano suit.
This is a great story.
I got a lot of great stories today.
I got Cindy Sheen's article on Michaelmore.com.
Got that story about Wayne Grisky.
All right.
Two million bucks that he's lost in Vegas.
But he's not a gambler, you understand?
I understand.
Man, I got a lot of schmutz in my throat.
You may have to finish the show.
All right.
I have to go back to my hygienist for a degosing.
Yeah.
Fort Lauderdale, a self-proclaimed Mafia wife, said Monday
that her family history was improperly used as the model
for the TV series, The Sopranos.
And that her late husband once told her he had murdered
former teamfist presidents Jimmy Hoffa, to which we say,
All right.
I sure like that movie a lot.
Hoffa?
Hoffa.
Don't think I saw it.
You see that movie?
Oh, thanks, though.
Come on, man.
I'll put it down on the list.
Boy.
Now, who was in there?
Was it Joe Pesci that was in there?
That played his assistant?
I don't know.
Well, you could probably Google it right now to find out who it was.
It was somebody that made no, it was Danny DeVito.
Ah.
Okay.
I know it was a little guy.
Kind of fun.
Danny DeVito.
Linda Milito rhymes with DeVito, 59.
Well, it's got an O on the end of it.
Oh.
Center husband Louis Milito told her in 1988 during an argument
while they were driving over New York's Verenzano Nero's bridge,
that he had killed Hoffa and Detroit, and Dupton remains
near one of the bridges' stanchions.
When's the last time you heard that word, stanchions?
I think that might be the first time.
No, come on.
Louis Milito, a high ranking or made member of the Gambino crime family,
disappeared to exempt of that conversation and is presumed dead.
No.
By the way, something.
Yeah.
Danny DeVito directed that movie.
Wow.
I like that.
He was great.
Oh, he got, he got the head there in the end.
He got head in at the diner.
By that punk that came up, oh, I'm such a big fan of Baba Bip and Bupada and then by the
Bing.
I really do feel that Louis did it, said, Linda Milito, who's written one book about her
life titled Mafia wife and is writing another that includes the Hoffa claims.
Louis was as tough as could be.
He wouldn't want to go near his punch.
Even in Hawaii, Mo.
Milito now resident of Boca made her claims at a news conference where she also threatened
the Su-HBO, tried Beckham Productions and a screenwriter for allegedly taking her family
store without compensating her.
Milito contends that the sopranos contains numerous parallels to her life.
There were somehow taken from information she shared with the writer for a TV movie
called Witness to the Mob at first aired in May of 98.
Among those purported parallels, the sopranos had ducks in their backyard pool.
The Milito's had, oh, too bad the, a tainted no about it.
The Milito's had ducks in a backyard pond instead of in New York.
Tony soprano loves to be peakedly watched the godfather.
Louis Milito watched it dozens of times.
How unusual are these things?
I'm sorry, I don't know.
Ducks in the backyard, people who watched the godfather a lot.
Tony soprano couldn't stand up to his mother.
Louis Milito couldn't either.
Both families had an older daughter and younger son and both then they lived in suburban
houses on hills.
While all of those things are so extraordinarily unique that I would have to side with her
for a piece, for a little piece like Hammond Rockwood, say, I just want a piece.
Several actors who would go on the sopranos, including Michael Imperioli, also appeared in
the witness movie.
Imperioli who placed only soprano's nephew Christopher on the series was cast as Louis Milito
in the earlier film.
What do I want from them?
Fair compensation Milito said I'm just trying to do what's right.
H.B. O. Schroeschelman, Toby Becker, said there was no merit to Milito's claims.
The series created by David Chase begins at six to season March 12 and George says, forget
about it.
The sopranos says, huh?
It's sad.
It was tragic that it was like a way.
Maybe you'd like to come back.
You don't know.
Don't pre-judge.
I think it's too late.
The sopranos is wholly the creation of David Chase and his team of writers, Becker,
said.
Try Becker's executives didn't immediately return a phone call for comment, but it
would be a bit about the firm.
As for H.B. Milito's claims are the latest and the long list of theories that are surfaced
over the years since his 75 disappearance near Detroit, one of the most famous is the
unproven contention that H.B. O. Schroeschelman, the most famous news agency in the world,
has been in the state of New Jersey.
Don Cleaney, spokesman for the FBI's Detroit Field Office, said he hadn't previously heard
of a lead over that every tip involving H.B. O. Schroeschelman investigated.
It's still a pending case-chaining.
Cleaney said, we run these leads out to see if there's anything to them.
Hoffa was last seen July 30th, 1975 at a restaurant in Bumfield Township outside Detroit.
Hoffa was on his way to a meeting with New Jersey Teamsters boss Anthony Provenzano and
Detroit Mafia Captain Anthony G. Eccone, Giacoloni, and investigators believe Hoffa was killed
and abandoned for beginning the presidency of the teamsters.
Of course, then there were those who believed that Hoffa was responsible for the killing
of both the Kennedys and that this was like a payback if the tent can be a bitch.
You've heard those stories too, I'm sure.
Yeah, but I don't buy that.
You don't buy that?
No.
You mean the Kennedys certainly wouldn't have anybody killed, right?
No, of course not.
I've never heard of the Peugeot.
I've never heard of the Peugeot.
Yeah, that was an accident and somebody got hurt, you know.
A thousand and seven motifs, four minutes before 11.
Are you writing this down on your sleeve on your armpit?
Put a bag of tattoo right where Ed Norton had his tattoo.
Put it over your heart.
Where Ed Nutsfastika.
That was such a damn good movie, man.
Thanks to all the people I recommend to that American history ex.
You're welcome.
Well, you were one of them, but there were a whole lot of people out there.
You're the one who said you just got to see this.
You're going to go, and I'll call one at a time and say you're welcome right back to
it.
No, no, no, I'll pass.
A thousand and nine, a thousand and fifteen, they're coming in a gigantic chunk now.
Can you smell it?
This is the Neorodger Show.
This is your brain.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Any questions?
No.
You fell, and time is through with me, me.
Look at what she's losing.
She divorced her top gun.
Now time can go at cruising.
Oh, Tommy, Tommy, me, me, me, me.
What's he got that I don't?
What's his greater deal?
Bratdom, he's got looks and talent.
What's a great big deal?
Who got you?
Rayman, Tommy, Tommy, Tommy, Tommy.
Tommy, Tommy, don't leave.
See me, see me, Tommy, Tommy, Tommy.
You're fair.
I'm sorry.
You know, just seeing they got a new deal now.
They got cartoons at the game.
Not cartoons, but like simulations from top gun.
Tom Cruise and I think it was Kiano Reeves.
They were like doing their own version of a Bear-ass Mouthing.
I say something like that.
Not the movie, but just the act.
Cindy Sheen writes, boy, we better get some calls in here if we ever get in the...
I'm just off on such a run now.
They got my mouth all cleaned out.
A lot of people have told me over the years.
A lot of old ladies say...
You made a clean up, you filthy mouth.
You said you had potty mouth.
You miserable bastard.
And of course most of those old bags you did right now.
So all I can say is, I'm a Caliluia.
Just like Tekai yesterday.
And another thing.
And another thing.
You chased more water.
Toss.
I don't like his boyfriend.
Man, sound like he maybe was a curly, you think?
I could go.
He just ripped up into a friend's office.
I thought he was listening.
Let's tip our cat, our schmata to that guy.
You know, he would deny it.
He was monitoring anyway.
567.
I'll just give the numbers out in case anybody's got any input or output.
I probably doubt it.
567.
0560.
Tom 560 and the Verizon and Singular wireless line.
They're all bent out of shape because I don't want to make a big stimulus to the dictating.
Which I, you know, I got another story on it.
I think I put it on the bottom of the pop.
John Nichol said it so well.
You know, silly crap is what gets the American public all whipped up into a frenzy.
Something a little bit more complex than, you know, bird hunting is a little bit beyond the scope of most Americans.
Evidently, either that or they just don't give a crap about it.
You know.
Well, all politicians are crooks.
And just because they got this war.
And just because they got the Muslims all whipped up into a frenzy and hit us like poison.
Somebody I know once said this calls stirring the hornets nest.
Poking it.
Yeah, who would say that?
Yeah.
And it was absolutely correct as it turns out.
That's the losing correction.
WNQIM.
Hello.
What's wrong with a little hunting season?
Right?
You know what?
WNQIM.
Hello.
Right.
Well, two birds who run still are having candy can't do that.
You know what I say?
We're one shot.
Excellent.
567.
0560.
Well, I know it's going to be a good day.
I told you.
Oh, you could feel it hurt.
Yeah.
Just like them both, not even better than your VP.
WNQIM.
Hello.
Neil.
God.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
How are you, sir?
Pretty good.
Say, I'm over here in the land of Beasley, the one-ball radio station.
Yeah.
And I haven't really heard you in about five years, Neil.
Well, where I am.
What happened to Amsterdam?
The last time I heard you was about the year 2000, sometimes in the summer.
Anyway, I'm still there.
Well, you're not leaving there.
No, I'm not leaving there.
I had to say, the apartment there was unsanitary and unhabitable and the city is a schmutzian old.
I don't want to be there.
God, things change.
I'm a little old.
Things change in broadcasting.
Some of the great broadcasters once told me that.
Well, I'm just an ony old one.
Thank you for taking my call.
You're here.
Well, thank you for making your call.
And don't make that a second again.
Okay.
How do you like that?
What happened to Amsterdam?
Last time I was there, I was still there.
I thought I wanted to go back eight times.
I'll let you guys go there and check it all out.
All right.
I'll use the pot.
What the hell?
Where's the, I don't think I had that drop in anymore.
My God.
Where he says things change in broadcasting, remember that?
No.
I was stolen.
I was looking for that.
I don't got it.
You got it?
But you do remember that clip, right?
They do.
Yeah.
Things change in broadcasting.
And then there was always.
What word did you say?
There was always that one too.
No God though.
So sorry.
So I've only was probably a propitious thing they didn't try to find it.
56670560, pound 560.
What happened to Amsterdam?
What happened to that WNW2?
How did that thing turn out?
And how about that's uncivil war?
How is that?
WNQIM, hello.
Hi.
Is this the 560?
This is 0560.
That's it.
Okay.
I just wanted to know.
Oh, no way.
This is 08560.
What's that?
I said, what do you got?
I just wanted to call and say you guys are great.
I'm out from California and turned on the radio.
Definitely entertaining.
You just wanted to thank you all.
Thanks a lot.
Where are you from?
California.
Santa Rosa, about an hour north.
San Francisco, wine country.
I'll be there in a beautiful place.
Thanks a lot, Pali.
Thank you.
Don't stick around a Florida too long, man.
It'll rot your mind.
What's that?
I said, have a great trip back.
Thanks very much.
Okay.
Why don't you hear me?
But I'm just trying to give them some good advice.
Don't stick around in South Florida too long because it will rot your brain.
It'll turn you into a vegetable, man.
Turn you into a vegetable.
I can't give people like him, but other than that, nobody wants to be turned anyway vegetable.
Cindy Shein says, for the love of God, can't you make him stop?
That's for the love of...
Thank you, God.
Former President George Bush took a shot at protest to Cindy Shein on press.
Good thing Bush was the one and not your vice president took the shot.
Yeah.
While speaking to students at the University of Mary Harding Baylor, something like that.
Oh, I don't tell me this is an normally stories that's chopped off.
Oh, no.
Bush told the audience if she shows up to their church and is expected, she'll have to deal with his wife Barbara.
Look, fight.
That's this is Bush 1.
On Presidents Day, February 20th, Gold Star Families for Peace Veterans for Peace and Code Pink Response for connection in Houston, Texas.
Near the elder Bush is a state called for the love of God, can't you make him stop?
We'll be demonstrating, this is written by Cindy Shein.
We'll be demonstrating in front of George Sr. and Barr's church.
That's a bar, but it should be.
St. Mark Maltz, supposed to be barbed.
St. Martin's Episcopal Church in Houston, 4 to 7 p.m. on Presidents Day, Monday, February 20th.
And we have something to say to the Bush family who apparently send their women to fight their battles.
Bray him on.
Mrs. Bush can read my son with a big picture of my son Casey on it, which will read,
Your son killed my son, make him stop.
George Sr. says that I'll have to deal with Barbara.
Well, she will have to deal with me and she'll have to deal with Amy Bram, who's a Bram, who's son Jeremy was killed while the train to be deployed to Iraq.
Juan Torres, who's son John was killed in Afghanistan while he was trying to expose the active drug create on his post.
Beatrice Saldavar, whose nephew Daniel Torres was killed in Iraq.
D. D. Miller, whose son, whose nephew Casey was killed in Iraq.
And Bill Mitchell, whose son Michael was killed in the same incident in Iraq that my son was killed in.
We have some questions for Barbara, so we hope that she'll come.
Here are a few of our questions.
If you think that this war is such a noble cause, aren't any of your children or grandchildren combat over in Iraq.
Do you think that any of us wanted to trouble our pretty minds with images of flag-rave coffins?
Only for us they were in images. They were actual flag-rave coffins carrying our dear loved ones.
Not only are we troubled by these images, they're imprinted in our hearts and souls forever.
About how much money do you think the Bush family has raped from America over the years from war-propertyring?
Did you ever watch Lord of Georgia's mouth out with soap for lying?
Lately we've heard from Larry Wilkerson, how the intelligence and all the pre-invasion posturing was a hoax.
How do you think that makes us feel?
Our children are dead because of a trick plate on the world by your son and his administration.
How many innocent Iraqis have died?
How many are your family willing to have died before the travesty in Iraq ends?
I'm sure that we'll think of many more questions between now and next week.
So we go to our families for peace and white humus is Barbara, voice to a tea party and Friday your church on February 20th and 4pm in the afternoon.
Come and deal with us, we welcome the opportunity to speak with you.
We'll set an extra place at our tea party for truth for you. Come and join us.
Cindy Shea.
I like that, you think Bab is going to be there?
No way.
Just like the sun, man. He'll run the other direction.
And then of course the White House will put out there usual smear and smear right.
The whole of the left foot.
And only they can go littered anybody else.
Leave until a couple of draught guarders to smear and smear even as whistling as he is a war hero like John Kerry.
But nevertheless, don't confuse the public with the fact all they know about is the vice president who's brought hunting and trot some old coot.
Look at how somebody took the trouble to fax this to us.
We already had this yesterday, but that's okay.
Right, here you go again.
Nobody has this yesterday.
Isn't this more up to date?
No.
Okay, sorry.
Beasley broadcast group yesterday announced severe decreases, severe decreases in fourth quarter profits, but more modest decreases for the year.
Beasley, of course, you know, one thing that maybe I don't know if this article mentions it's not until this before the show.
The fourth quarter for everybody had to be way down.
And one of the reasons that they don't mention here, forget about those dolphin games, was the hurricane.
There's a whole month of that fourth quarter that basically you can write off because who the hell was doing advertising?
Most of the businesses were closed part of the time.
Some of them are good majority of the time.
Who know how was doing radio advertising?
Or any other kind of advertising during the fourth quarter of 2005?
You morons, okay?
You idiots at the Naples news, whatever it is.
Shares of Beasley closed.
Oh, look at that.
Down to 6.7, don't buy BGR.
Close to 13.76 if they down 24 cent from the previous closed for the year.
By the way, anybody has no Beasley ads to company that owns this radio station and we're pretty embarrassed and humiliated by a bunch of nose pickers, a bunch of Yehuz.
In fact, if you saw the movie Deliver instead, a little kid with a band-o up in the tree, that was one of the Beasley's kin.
In fact, he may have been the... how many years ago was that?
What year was Deliverance?
78.70.70.
Huh?
What would you say?
76.78.
I'm saying 78.70.70.
What is it?
Did you Google it yet?
Do it at the end.
Google it.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Come on.
72.72.
Holy cow.
Holy Toledo is Rick Weaver would say. I'm sure wish he was here.
For the year Beasley reported measly profits of only 10.7 million in 2005.
Poor babies.
And they blamed it a client operation in several markets, notably Miami Las Vegas.
Maybe that's part of the reason that we got a new general mangrove and new sales manager and going to blow out most of that sales staff at Sucks.
Beasley's Miami station no longer has Dolphin football games at broadcast contract and political advertising was done in 2005.
That's because there wasn't any said Caroline and Bruce Beasley the company's president and vice president respectively.
Oh, yeah, respect my ass.
It was tough losing the Dolphins from which Beasley had received about 1.6 million revenue.
Let me say it again in revenue, but how much did we pay for the rights?
That's the question.
Is that net revenue or is that gross revenue?
It's pretty gross if you ask me.
And it's even more gross when you realize that the loses across the street are paying four and a half million dollars a year for five years.
Federal rights to broadcast that crap with Jimmy Cifal is actually a whimpering a faggot and what's his name?
Joe Rose.
God almighty.
How pathetic.
We got over a thousand votes on the poll.
Who or what is the biggest type of hype of all time?
1,050 votes.
Religion 342.
WMD is 1.24.
By the way, it's a bag of what the small FJM is.
Howard Stern 103.
American Idol 97.
Or is it with their capital F?
Super Bowl 84.
The Segway 64.
Elvis 39.
The Broke Ass Mountains speaking of that 38th.
Low carb diets are stuck on.
3rd man.
Look at the same.
Tommy Cruz 26.
Madonna 25.
The Olympics 24.
The Beatles 18.
Doctors 12.
Low fat diets 11.
That's Dean Ornish and a bunch of crap.
Mashed 7.
And David Letterman only 6.
They love David Letterman.
I can't tell you whether I like David Letterman.
I have a watch in show and oh man, about 100 years.
That's a bit of a world.
Huh?
Well when you get to be my age, you're not staying up to like 12, 31 o'clock in the morning to watch David Letterman.
And certainly not Jay Leno would add the, you know, the Chins habit.
What a jackass.
God, what a no-telling piece of turd.
Anyway, like I said, we're going to take a thousand calls today, aren't we?
Let's do it.
Or maybe we just take more.
What do you mean?
Let's do this.
This is Neil Rogers.
I'll just add money in for the people he's baby.
But that cash register's just fine.
I want to blow out money.
Great!
The ones who interrupt and set the blind in my BVG Y.
We got a deal pretty now, thanks.
The station that delivers presets, development, a deliverance weekend.
Oh, weekend log.
You can qualify by winning video presets of the movie delivery.
What is it you're trying?
We require that you listen to the radio all weekend log.
The grand prize winner will be flown to Dove in Georgia for a canoe trip for two down the co-hoodle-washy river.
Who does that combination's immutable entry?
He means you know where.
Now that you did drop them, thanks.
This is the Rattles.
The playlist.
Look, look, simply you look incredible.
Every time you hear Ned May, he's a wheel on the back.
That's great.
It's the deliverance weekend.
Oh, weekend log.
Almost.
We should make it to you.
You 95.
1116, spring under the beastlies.
Millions of Katrina aid wasted review findings.
438 bucks a night paid for New York hotel room. Did you see that?
No.
One of the glitziest hotels in the city.
In its rush to provide Katrina disaster aid, FEMA wasted millions of dollars in overpaid for hotel rooms including a 438 dollar a day lodging in New York City government investigator study yesterday.
Three reports released by the GAO and the Homeland Security Department's orifice of Inspector General,
detailed a series of accounting flaws, fraud or mismanagement of their initial review of how 85 billion dollars in federal aid is being spent.
The two audits found that up to 900,000 of the two in heaven, and we had this yesterday, but it's worth repeating again.
Okay, so anybody missed it?
Up to 900,000 of the two and a half million applicants have received aid under FEMA's Emergency assistance program, which included the $2,000 debit cards given to a vacuum.
Remember those they had them and they didn't have them.
Yeah, we're based on duplicator in valid social security numbers or false addresses and names.
That's almost half. Sounds like to me if my math is correct.
Two and a half million, 900,000, almost 50%.
How do you like that?
Separately, the Justice Department said yesterday that the federal prosecutors have filed fraud, theft and other charges against 212 people accused of scams related to health-coast hurricanes.
40 people have been leading the U.S. so far and the latest report by the Hurricane Katrina fraud task force is saying many defendants were accused of trying to obtain emergency aid.
Typically a $2,000 debit card issued to Hurricane victims by FEMA in the Red Cross.
Oh yeah, I'll take one of those. You want a couple?
How about a hundred?
Okay. Thousands of additional dollars have been squandered on hotel rooms for evacuees that were paid at retail rather than the contractors lower estimated cost.
They included $438 in New York City and beachfront condominiums in Panama City at $375 a night.
Beachfront condos in Panama City. Have you ever been on a beach in Panama City?
No.
Oh, what a beautiful place, man. All they go there, man. All the born again Christians.
They come to their name school buses and groups in Tennessee and they all get out on the beach and just bang their brains out for Jesus.
The two audits were released by the Senate Homeland Security Committee as the panel wrapped up its investigation into the federal government's preparation and responsible disaster.
What a joke. What a freaking joke. And then it says on the plus side.
Yeah.
Oh, I think I'll leave that to your imagination on the plus side.
That's nice. I couldn't get a shackle.
Add downtown Mickey Brown.
How come a job Brownie and Mickey churroff, baby? They slipped us the Mickey's what they did.
Do you want me to give you like a little heads up on the Mars pole?
Okay.
What is the gaius thing is so called straight guy who do the show suggestion?
Yeah. I thought you just did this.
You do have something to do well and let's see what I got here so far.
All right. Watch Bear Ass Mountain.
Don't do it.
By the way, worst movie you'll ever see in your life. It is so slow and ponderous you'll fall asleep before they even do it.
Make it fraternity hazing. Where pink shirts?
We're a thong at the beach.
Why don't we know, Pink?
I guess I have had a pink shirt.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't need to wear a pink shirt.
Pink, painting.
We're a thong at the beach.
Hold a small dog while driving.
I don't think I get that one.
What does that mean?
What would it do that all the time?
I don't know.
I see it.
What about holding a small baby while driving?
Is that count?
That they could stay there.
A Brittany!
Use body wash.
Kiss another guy.
And now the reason I put that on is because the Western Europeans, even the Eastern Europeans, very commonplace, even like in Italy, the teenagers.
They'll congregate somewhere and they'll see a friend of their.
They kiss on the cheek.
Oh, cheeks.
I see.
What?
Well, I'm telling you, if an American sees that they freak out right away, they think they're a trail.
You're a trail.
Listen to the O'Rodgers, cry at a movie or vote Democrat.
You're like that list.
That's pretty good list, no.
I want to have you have?
Get a manicure slash pedicure.
I guess either or both.
Now Kim Bo camper was on there last week talking about, I heard the very beginning of a show he's talking about.
He just came from getting a, something, pedicure, manicure, whatever.
I stand by my statement.
Are you calling Kim Bo camper a wimp?
Not to his face.
That's because he's not standing here.
I've been thinking this for a while.
But yeah, you sure as hell would eat squash you like a bug.
Good God.
Get a manicure slash pedicure.
That's good.
56670560, pound 560, they've arrived in Singular, wireless line.
I think we got a pretty good list.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
Yes?
Yes.
I probably got it.
There's another one that Cheney needs to get.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yes, good afternoon.
Is this Neil?
Good evening, yes.
Yeah, Neil.
Have you ever been to Panama City, sir?
I've heard you're a-
Yes, I have been to Panama City.
It's a beautiful place.
Let me ask you this now.
And I'm not talking about Panama City, Florida, by the way.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Back to-
You're just talking with what?
What are you talking about?
You know that Mr. Howard hates you.
I think you're pardoned.
It's Reverend Jones.
You heard.
No, it isn't.
It's George's place.
Put down your hashbites and put you-
I almost really hate you because of what you've got to him in his career, sir.
No, he did it to the don't career, sir.
There's the tip off, sir.
I just pathetic.
56670560, it was worth it, though.
0560, he Verizon's single to wireless line.
Trust me when you get a one-one into book, even it's your own career.
And he's done it everywhere he's ever been.
But why am I dignifying the city?
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, the O-U.
Pretty good?
Good to listen for the old-
Oh, chronic, go away.
No, no, I'm not talking to the chronic's all the mouth-free.
There's okay.
We had one new guy who's from California and he's probably-
No, seriously, he's probably-
He's as you'd be right now headed by the back.
I don't blame him.
Just keep walking, pal.
You'll be out of here before 1 o'clock.
Hope you didn't sell that house already.
Oh, boy.
The land of the law, South Florida, la la land.
All this crap about-
Oh, well, all the people from Northeast were stranded down here.
Believe you, me.
They're probably weeping about being stranded because of the snowstorm.
You know, the-
Nor Easter?
Oh, brother.
Right.
Anybody get stranded there more than like five extra minutes.
Here's line nine.
This one's always good for a young Q-A-M.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Wow, this is almost as bad as George doing the show.
Almost, but not quite. W-Q-A-M, hello.
Excuse me, I got a cold.
That's okay, no.
Oh, about all of your bones.
That sounds like the thing in the hospital, you know.
Taxi in the blood pressure.
That's a hard door, is that it?
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, what happened to you?
You reported to the Dominicanor.
What about it?
I, uh, there was a-
It's still there.
It's still there, man.
It's right next to where the Haitians are riding about those fixed elections.
At times change, man.
Um, on the daily show last night, there was a thing about that shooting.
Yeah, I'm glad I'm glad to hear it.
I'm really surprised.
I don't want to hear about, uh, you know, J. Leno and David Letterman,
the daily show on a shooting.
Like I said, American people are a bunch of simple ingredients.
And the important stuff, uh, they can't even be-
they don't even get worked up to a sweat about.
But some silly ass crap like, uh, a little bird shot,
because this guy's out there shooting and hunting like some kind of a redneck.
Uh, what do you expect from a guy from Wyoming anyway?
And by the way, I might point out to you.
Not only is he got a lesbian daughter, but, you know,
Bearbass Mountain, it's in Wyoming.
How do you like that?
That's the new gay state.
There.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Good morning, guys.
Hey, uh, I heard that, uh, the two guys, not the nine,
they're the active land now for everyone.
Um, there's stuff in some of the international papers.
I don't- I know that nothing has popped up here in the US,
but I don't know if you guys is-
I know that they're on the article, but-
I just read the estimates on our website.
Okay, well, I'm in the car.
Okay, actually.
Go and go feel bad.
I don't have to apologize.
I mean, you know, you don't want to be looking at your pewter while you're in the-
could that will probably be next though, people will be surfing the net while they're driving.
Ready, right?
Good luck to you.
All right, guys.
Good luck.
We need it.
Good luck to all of us happy Valentine's Day to the three ladies we got listening out there,
because it's just not lady-like to listen to this show.
And of course, the guys can listen because that makes the way.
So don't leave us with too much.
Let's see, Mike and Melbourne says, ride a tandem bike.
What?
All right, like a bicycle built for twos out there talking about it.
Well, it just says a tandem bike.
I don't know what that means.
Is that a side bike?
I don't know, but I'm putting a Mike and Melbourne evidently, you know,
is maybe up in Melbourne, they, uh, you know, they've done that.
Does remind me of another thing that we can put on there.
What's that?
Riding a scooter.
Oh, you're going to see a Vespa?
Well, that's what they're called over there, but yes, that's what I know about Vespa.
Okay, it's a scooter.
Okay, scooter.
I guess if you ride the scooter, he gets so about it.
Wouldn't you?
Sorry, I, uh, of course got the coffee on time to go home to scooter.
How about if you ride scooter, Libby?
56670560, pound 560, uh, what kind of a name for a guy is Libby anyway?
WQA, yeah, hello.
Hey, what's happened?
How you doing, sir?
Hey, that's staggering.
Paul, what about always happily slap in each other's ass?
Asked Laban, that sounds good to me.
Asked Laban, whoa, whoa, whoa.
All right.
Welcome.
Excellent choice.
See, I told you to call their fabulous, and you wanted me to just cut them right out of the show.
What's wrong with you, man?
I think I'm going to do that kind of working in a Mike's lottery, no way.
I'm sure.
Sitting here and reading for four hours every day, all those Andrea pies here from the New York Post.
I remember those days like it was a nightmare.
Like I had a gigantic tumor removed from my earlobe.
God, and that McGeele running around.
Ah, this is awful.
This sucks.
I'm out.
By the way, how's that best of me?
You'll think I'm coming.
Come on, well, it's fine.
Well, I haven't heard a one word about, you know, nothing to hear.
How does that sales department come again?
A new copy this month?
Oh, huh?
Well, it's a good thing we got Brian Schmutz back.
He'll kick those guys ass right back into shape.
He'll stop on him.
He's big enough to do it.
I see he and his wife are proculating like bunny rabbits.
And the rumor has it.
The first one was like spawned at the Macarena in that box.
That's right.
Well, I mean, conceived in the QM box.
We got almost 1100 votes.
It's only 1130.
What kind of son of dance is this today?
This is shocking.
We got a thousand and 95 votes on his poll.
Aren't you amazed?
Yeah, they are.
Who are what is the biggest type of all time?
Religion, 352 in Chinese.
They call it bubble mice.
WMD is 137.
I'm already reading the top four.
Howard Stern, 1-111.
I guess either love Maria Haydom, right?
Or maybe you don't want to pay.
You like him but not enough to pay for it.
And American Idol 100.
I feel like I'm way back a lot of pain.
I like him a lot but not enough to pay for it.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 QA.
Oh my god.
And this is G Gordon Litty and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
That's a good one.
Don't lie.
Oh the heartburn.
Don't come don't every time I see.
Don't come don't come.
That green card if you win.
Don't come don't come.
Oh my TV.
Please, President Trump.
Oh my god.
Repuls again muscle band.
And in our tape band Idiot.
I don't know why they won't want to come.
But now he's here.
First heard of it for years.
With President Trump's s**t Abu Gau's ready.
Oh what I guess too.
Now vote on small.
And guess who we'll vote at all.
Oh why?
If you want this.
Don't come don't.
It's drumming stupidly.
Don't come don't.
And this drunky bitch here.
Don't come don't.
He's even.
Lumber than me.
He's President Trump.
Yeah don't care what it took.
You got him in by hooker and boy.
The Chris right.
Oh what's up with you and I.
What's up with you and I.
We got a great leader.
With President Trump s**t.
You fair.
Oh, where's the good stuff s**t.
And we're going to the one that's not an intensive care.
Let's see our troll now.
Waiting to know whatever the hell is name.
It's whoever he is.
Apparently that'll leave most of those pebbles in his face.
Oh, and his age and his condo.
You see him.
Yeah, I can't make no difference.
The old quote.
Right exactly.
In fact, it'll probably be a mark of distinction.
And it'll teach him to be out there a coup hunting again with some old coup like your vice president.
Uh, the game that couldn't shoot straight.
At least they're consistent.
Here's a fact from Deb who says for the pool tomorrow, highlight your hair.
And as he's also got a great future pool which I'm not going to say because they don't call him for it.
Right.
Thank you Deb. That's a good one.
That's a very good choice.
That's a very good choice.
I never done that.
Now, when did you frost the tip out?
Excuse me.
Where you talking?
You talking to Josh?
Highlight my hair.
Frost my tips.
For the pool tomorrow, highlight your hair.
And you're asking me if I've ever done that?
How long have you known me?
I'm asking you if you've ever done that pool.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
What are you wrong with you, man?
You are so up to his title.
I'm just kidding.
I'm a man.
Extra-frustrated.
Three-haired old spick.
Why don't you just rely on the frost my hair?
No.
You know what they do here a lot.
And I would say they would do a derolot too.
You don't have any orientals there.
But here we just have 400,000 Chinese alone in Toronto.
But the Chinese and the Filipinos especially, which I was never...
I don't think there's as many Filipinos in the world as there are here.
And they're all gay.
All of them.
Apparently. That's what I've heard.
I'm serious.
But the the the Asian, the orientals anyway, I keep saying that.
I cured you on that and I'm reverting.
The orientals they frost their hair or they die their hair or at least they frost part of it.
And it turns like purple.
In other words, not the color.
Or maybe not purple but like orange.
You know what I mean?
Like the blue shone.
It doesn't do it right.
No.
And there's like a zin in them like that.
And they all look the same and they all float.
Anyway, but thanks Deb.
That's a good one.
Highlight you're here.
Also now Steve facts went in but I've kind of like modified it.
Because he says walking around naked in a locker room with the gym.
Now I just put it going to the gym.
Alright.
Yeah.
Guys who go to the gym.
I would say 99%.
Okay.
Guys that they want to take shower together.
Guys trust me when I tell you.
Well, you know, of course in the locker room same difference.
560, 560, 560.
We got over 1100 votes on the pool.
It's just shocking what's going on here.
We might actually have to with you know, you know, my goal is, I mean, you know,
the whole serious and extreme thing.
Forget about that.
That's history.
Not going to happen.
The syndication thing.
Forget about that.
I ain't going to happen.
What I would like to do is somehow, because we get out of the gym.
I don't know.
I would say about 1100, 1200 people listening online every day by the end of the show or by the end of the day.
Who may have gone back and listened later on.
Right.
But I like to like multiply that times a lot, you know.
And we could do that if more people knew that the show was here.
Because we don't charge anything.
Listen to the show.
It's for free right there online on neo-roger.com.
That's right.
Now how do we go about doing that?
I remember I suggested I could spend, you know, 5 grand or something put in the USA today.
Just promoting the website.
Yeah.
And then look at all the money that Eric would be making.
How 40?
How 40% a week.
Or something like that.
Hey listen, don't be knocking Eric man.
He's doing it.
I love it.
And I sure hope he's feeling better.
He was sick as a dog.
Was he yesterday or I guess it was yesterday?
Yesterday the day before.
Today.
Well maybe.
And probably sick yesterday and today.
So what was everybody's got something.
No, I don't got nothing.
I got nice clean sharp, uh, spring, uh, smiley teeth.
You know, it's crinkly teeth.
And I don't have them in a glass kind of counter-aider what mose golfing buddies.
And one more thing.
One more thing.
One more thing.
I'm sure he said one more thing.
You can see that.
What did I hear?
What a jackass.
Paul Americans nervous about Iran.
Bush's approval rate drops to 39%.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
And you're like that.
39.
That's as low as I've seen it anywhere.
Of course, those 39% will go out to bird hunting with the vice president.
Americans are nervous about the prospect of a nuclear armed Iran,
but also worry about the ability of the US and the United Nations to deal with the situation.
A CNN USA Today, Gallup Isaac Schwartz, Paul Relie says that they suggest Iran's visits
developing a nuclear program to provide energy.
The US, France, England, and Germany suspected Iran aims to develop nuclear weapons.
Oh, my God.
Last month Iran removed you in monitoring seals from its equipment and said it was beginning nuclear
research or is that nuclear?
Paul was taken between Thursday and Sunday and they say that they fear the Bush administration
will be too quick to use military force if diplomacy fails.
And at the same time our concern administration wrote to would up to keep Iran from developing
nuclear weapons.
It's kind of like a catch-22.
Most respondents saw a high chance that if Iran were to develop nuclear weapons,
it would use them against the US or its ally Israel.
59% thought Iran would use nuclear weapons against the US and 80% of the Iran's would hand them over to.
I say we just give Israel a bunch of home untouched and for poor men and say,
they're like to you guys, you're a world.
You might have to learn diplomacy.
You guys all deal with yourselves and the only people we're going to talk to are the guys that got the oil.
That's all.
We like the oil grid.
Right.
Because like the president said, we're getting away from that dependence on Middle East and all these
and the row regimes would all cry.
I read that story.
Oh my God, I can't believe that they weren't all peeing in their pants.
June Allison was standing there.
She had like six cartons of depends for a state of the onion address you.
And I want to joke.
I read the story you posted.
I don't know if you mentioned it.
How we cut the budget for the research for those things.
Of course.
It's just window dressing, man.
And it's just verbiage, et cetera.
Just talk it to a bunch of morons.
And they all get up.
Hurray!
Hurray!
Like a bunch of idiots.
They should have been throwing spitballs.
More thoughts that Iran will use the weapons against Israel, 77% and about as many.
See, it's really interesting.
And what should the staff think about this?
Israel has, we don't know how many nuclear weapons but a whole bunch.
Probably plenty.
And we have decided that it's okay.
We, meaning the U.S.A., have decided that it's fine for Israel and the not only that they lie about it.
But it's okay for them to have no, but for any of these horrible, uh,
Shvata heads, they can't have it.
And they sold the secrets to China, let's not mention that.
Well, cut the crap.
Sorry.
And by the way, Shiro and his other still turn his kishpies out.
81% thought Iran would give them the terrorists who wanted to use them against Israel.
So, again, this thing goes all the way back 5,000 years.
The Arabs and the Jews, they keep killing each other.
And I say, let them have a good time.
Sure.
Maybe it'll end.
68% of the respondents call for economic and diplomatic action to keep Iran away from atomic weapons.
Probably 9% call for military action for a lychee of bridges.
Where is she when we needed the most time?
Exxon!
There she is.
Respondents also put a little faith in the UN,
where with 51%, saying they weren't confident that the international community could handle Iran.
20% said, what's the UN?
More over 69% said they were concerned that the Bush administration would be too quick to use military force.
67% were also concerned the U.S. wouldn't do enough to keep Iran from it.
So, like I said, those stats are meaningless.
But the respondents' concerns were echoed in President Bush's overall approval rating,
which dropped from 42% in the poll taken in February now to, let's see if February 6th and 9th,
to the one taken over the weekend, 39% in dropping like a...
BROCK!
How do you like that?
56% of respondents said they disapproved of the way he's handling his job.
Only a 39% of the public likes what he's doing in the next class,
all of those 39% are like multi-millionaires.
They like them tax cuts.
Or brought again to Bible funding, something fundamentalists.
Or both.
The Armageddon crowd, the Islam Earth crowd.
I like the Bible funding, people better.
The Bible funding, yeah, they're funding it all right.
Big time.
And you better cut out those cartoons, man,
where you're gonna have a bunch of ragheads and schmata heads run all around making...
But a lot of it like that, a lot of noise.
Yeah, great on them.
Okay.
Oh, easy for you to say there, boy, if you saw what we got here, man, what you got?
You changed your tune real quick, a lot of schmata heads.
You wouldn't begin in no cabs, I'll tell you that.
1100 and 22 vote.
Who or what is the biggest hype of all time?
Religion, 357, is there any deal devoted?
No.
WMD's 148.
Howard Stern 1114.
I mean, if we didn't listen when it was for free, why would I pay for it?
American Idol 105.
Super Bowl 87.
The Segway 66.
Just scoot your way down the street.
Remember the scooting lady, use it?
Oh, yeah.
1139.
Brokeass Mountain 38.
Please save your money.
Low-carb diets 32.
The Olympics 28.
Tom Cruise 27.
Madonna 25.
The Beatles 20.
Doctors 12.
Low-fat diets.
Oh, I should've said, low-fat.
11.
Mash 7 and David Letterman and Solomon Tasey.
They love this.
This is Neal Roger.
It's a good, good, good, good.
This is 516.
Fuck it in and hold it.
This is maybe.
What's this, what's that thinking about?
I'm gonna blow it in.
Take power.
Ain't you joking, Pesh?
Yeah, that's right.
Well, I've even introduced myself.
I know how it is, David.
The light full star of sport-hold radio in Celebars, the Internet.
Good for you.
That people mind I want to get a f*** out of here.
It's not like me, that's a guy.
But can I take a picture of you, hand?
No, come on.
I don't want no pictures.
Okay, okay.
How about raping me?
Raping you.
Yeah.
You haven't done that yet.
What do you, some kind of clown?
What do you, what do you, what do you, a comedian attack you?
Okay, okay, I picked you.
I picked you.
Did you hear when I told you no f***ing p*** you?
Oh, but I think you're gonna like this one.
Give me, give me.
I said no f***ing p*** you.
Give me that, yeah.
Oh, not my polo toy swigger.
No, no, I'm giving it to you.
Here, the biennual.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
747, 13th of June, we got the bowl camper, a Kimba bowl camper coming up at two.
Bowl camper.
It's in the hand, it's in four.
Curtis Stevenson at 780k10.
No hockey today, and of course no hockey for two weeks.
We got that Olympic crap going on.
You want to say, your Olympics?
No.
So Tracy and Kendall says, what about the Y2K phenomenon of 99?
Good, good one.
All the hyphen is staring for today's pool.
That's a good one, Tracy, as a matter of fact.
Got it?
Y2K?
Why?
Exactly.
That's what you should ask your brother if they want it.
About three-four of the time.
Y2K, we don't die.
When all the shooters go on top.
Y2K, we don't die.
Everybody's gonna die.
People will panic, we burn it and hide.
There is a red bat in a magazine.
In a comic book store.
If you believe it, we end up in the world.
And see the market, crashing again.
Or there will be a lot of time.
Start counting the way.
You know, I think there's a whole lot of clarity there.
We're speaking about the smot the heads that are running around burning embassies
and carrying on and acting like out of control lunatics and killing people.
And what they claim they were offended by was that the stereotype that was created
by one of the Danish cartoons was that all Muslims are terrorists and lunatics
and burned down buildings and kill people.
Well, they're proven that we're all eye-see.
US royalty planning of windfall to oil companies.
Why got some really heavy duty stuff here?
You know what? I'm plowing right through it, baby.
Ted Rawls says he might sue an colder.
I got all kinds of crap, baby.
And I'm going through my crap whether you like it or not.
Whether Miguel likes it or not.
I'm Miguel. That's for you.
Okay, sweetheart.
Big fat raspberry for Valentine's Day.
The federal government is on the verge of one of the biggest giveaways of oil and gas
and American history worth an estimated $7 billion over five years.
New projections buried in the Interior Department's just published budget plan
anticipate that the government will let companies pump about $65 billion worth of oil
and natural gas from federal territory over the next five years without paying any royalties to the government.
Based on the administration figures, the government will give up more than $7 billion
in payments between now and 2011.
That's why we have to cut those veterans benefits.
And that's why we have to cut those national, whether the hurricane center people.
That's right.
School grants.
Right.
The companies are expected to get the largest known as royalty relief,
even though the administration assumes that oil prices will remain about $50 a barrel throughout that period.
Administration officials say the benefits are dictated by laws and regulations that date back to 96
when energy prices were relatively low and Congress wanted to encourage more exploration and drilling
in the high cost high-risk deep waters of the Gulf of Mexico.
We need to remember the primary reason that incentives are given, say, Johnny and Burton,
director of the Federal Mineral's Management Service.
Have you ever seen it?
No, that we had a Federal Mineral's Management Service.
I can't even say it.
I do, though.
It's not to make more money in this cereal.
It's to make more oil, more gas, because production of fuel for our nation is essential to our economy
and essential to our people, said Johnny.
But what seemed like modest incentive ten years ago,
have ballooned levels that have alarmed even art and supporters of the oil and gas industry,
partly because of added sweeteners approved during the Clinton administration,
but also because of ambiguities and love that energy companies have successfully exploited and courted.
Short of imposing new taxes on the industry, there may be little that Congress can do to reverse its earlier giveaways.
The new projections come at a moment when President Bush and the Republican leaders are on the defensive
about record high energy prices.
And by the way, thanks again for those low gas prices, Mr. President.
We knew that once you had that a rac attack, we'd be spending like about 30 cents a gallon for gas.
Thank you so much.
Chew!
Indeed, Mr. Bush and House Republicans are trying to kill a one-year five-billion-dollar windfall profits tax for oil companies
that the Senate passed last fall.
Do you want me to read that sentence again?
President Bush and House Republicans are trying to kill a one-year five-billion-dollar windfall profits tax for oil companies
that the Senate passed last fall.
Moreover, however, the projected largest could be just a start.
Last week, Kurma G. Exploration and Development, a major industry player, began a branch
of a large but early-series court challenge that could, if it succeeds, cost the government another $28 billion in worldies over the next five years.
Yamama, so soft and hell.
A lot of these whole stories on our website tomorrow.
Won't we, Josh?
Yes, we will.
Now, by the way, I got my computer back. It was the power supply. All those people were so concerned.
I thank them so much for their concern. Remember that?
And I brought it home and set it up here in about three minutes, and it's just working fine as well.
I think it's a little trim line HP. And as much as I thought the old one was fast, I don't know what happened,
but maybe my internet's maybe, I don't know what it is, but poor thing is like lightning, like grease lightning.
Well, good.
Man, like the Tampa Bay Lightning, like Brad Richards, talk about smoking.
Abramov said to claim close ties to a row.
Oh no, it must be just Tommy Pinkle propaganda, don't you think?
Must be.
Although it is by the Associated Press, the A&P, those are the same people that made those good cookies.
That's your one.
Oh, those were good.
And I also forgot to tell you, it had another bag of macadamia, nutcose, white chocolate chips.
Oh, good, good. Good. Good. Good.
I had one of those, but that was it any before.
Well, every now and then, I'll buy stuff like that, but most of the time, if I overdo it, I'll throw it out.
Most of the time, it's like going and buying, because maybe there's a flavor of ice cream, you love, like turtle.
And they only have a half a gallon.
See what I'm saying?
Right.
Well, if you're Jones and for turtle ice cream, the only way you're going to get an easter go by the whole half gallon.
That's good.
No.
I would say most of the time, and I just don't do that anymore, but in the days when I used to, I would eat until I was like sick, and then I would run the rest of it under hot water and throw it out.
What a system.
Well, I mean, you got to do that, because let's say you're throwing the trash, and then like an hour later, oh, it's nice and soft and mooshy just the way I like it anyway, and then just pull it out of the trash.
I got a better system.
Don't buy it in the first place.
No, bad idea.
You'd like that, Nestle, turtle ice cream.
Good thing you didn't got it.
Probably.
I'm getting fat.
Abramoff said to claim close ties to Rove, three former associates of Jack Abramoff, now say they convicted lobbyists frequently told him he had strong ties to the White House through presidential confidant Carl Rove.
Well, a two-bed Carl was not there, Doug Huntin with the Vice President.
The White House said yesterday last night that Rove remembers meeting Abramoff at a 90s political meeting, and considered a lobbyist, a casual acquaintance since Bush took office in 2001.
New questions have arisen about Abramoff's ties to the White House.
Since that total emerged over the weekend showing Abramoff with Bush, which of course is on our website, isn't it, Josh?
Yeah.
It's not?
I said, yeah.
Oh.
The White House, well, you're speaking like, oh, that's right, you're starting to speak in Russian now, although, yeah, it's like something more Scandinavian to me.
Oh, yeah, sure.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
And there may be just from North Dakota now, maybe so far go over the weekend.
Well, that Francis McDorman, she's my favorite.
Oh, yeah.
That's great.
Next to Sigourney, we've heard sure.
The White House would not release the photo or any others that Bush had taken with Abramoff.
Also surfacing with the contents of an email from Abramoff to Washington, the magazine, claiming he had met briefly with the President and Maria, a dozen times we had all had.
Three former business associates of Abramoff were worked with the lobbyists in various roles between 2001 and 4, totally AP, that Abramoff routinely mentioned Rove when talking about his influence inside the White House.
Once he said he was President, Abramoff took a call from Moves Office to confirm a White House meeting had been approved between May-Laysian Prime Minister in Bush in May 2002.
Abramoff was being paid by May-Laysian for helping in their Washington according to evidence these senators made public.
All three associates with described Abramoff comments only on condition of anonymity because they don't want to be forced to go hunting with the VP.
Signing the ongoing investigation of his work in fears that speaking up could affect the current business at least once it had been interviewed already by the FBI, I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I
I'm reading today. I'm reading and reading and reading and reading. I'm reading and reading and reading. I'm reading and reading and reading and reading. I'm reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and
read and reading and reading and reading and reading and he can't find a optimal up to that picking up on him. ett it Frank Trump's
separate
The George W. See what I tell you.
The Bush administration went well beyond refusing to negotiate with terrorists and its handling
of the threat by freelance journalists, jailed curals, abductors to kill her if all female
detainees were not released from the US run prisons in Iraq.
According to Iraqi officials, US officials delayed the schedule release of 60 male prisoners,
whom they knew had already been found innocent because of the kidnappers' man for their
release.
Then they refused to speed up the review of the files of the five remaining female prisoners
in violation of a policy of giving priority to females in reviewing the 10E files for release.
Had the normal policy been followed, it was very likely that all the women held by the
US would have been released by now by delaying the releases of female detainees to strike
a tough anti-terrorism post, the administration has increased the risk to jail curals life.
Don't forget, like your fat ass governor would tell you, choose life.
This is Neil Rodgers.
This is 560 QAS.
Hmm, Mr. Jamie.
I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdal and reside in my balls while listening to the Neil
Rodgers.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
I'm going to have a look at the news.
Yeah, check it out.
Like if the horizon really was vertical, dude, dude, we'd all go falling off the edge or something.
You know what I'm doing?
I just kicked the beer bottle up the up set out milk cream.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
We used to rock the table, man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
He's like a man.
I'm doing the job.
I'm doing the job.
Let me fix this pose I can talk.
There you go.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
You know you there?
I'm here.
Are you there?
Great.
No, I wish I wasn't there.
I wish I wasn't there.
One for each of your polls.
Today in the polls.
Okay.
Michael Jackson, the height.
Yes.
And the biggest thing is any guy that would go to Michael Jackson concert.
That's gay.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Okay.
Okay.
Oh, yeah.
No problem.
No problem.
It's the first one.
It's like 34 and it's a little murky, but no problem at all.
No snow.
No snow.
They had that big New York boss and everybody got buried in the Northeast Washington,
Philly, Jersey, etc.
Not here.
They had a flake.
Now what am I putting on here?
Michael, what?
Going to a Michael Jackson concert.
What was the other end you one?
Michael Jackson for the poll, the current poll.
I.
Oh, okay.
You got that.
We got it.
Going to a Michael Jackson concert.
Is that like in Bahrain?
Bahrain?
Don't you like it?
I guess we'd like go to a very bad old house.
It's like a horse radish.
It's called in the Yiddish.
It's all crane.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Crane.
I wonder if you eat crane in Bahrain.
You think?
La la.
In the crane, I'm sure.
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
This is an educational show.
Make no mistake about it.
Trust me when I say we learn something every thinking day on this show.
So what did you learn at lunch yesterday?
That they served good tickets.
They served good tickets.
They served good food in the name of it.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Any guy with the Louis Vuitton wallet?
They're gay.
Okay.
Louis Vuitton wallet?
What do you say?
Rhymes with gay.
What do you say?
I don't know the thing.
I don't think so.
I mean, who the hell looks at it, guys, wallet?
If you look at it, guys, wallet, then you must be gay.
How do you like that, sir?
How is it that you're looking at it?
Yeah.
He's looking at his pocket.
There's rear pocket, which means he's staring at his posterior, if he acts made.
Keep your eyes off that guy's ass.
Okay.
If you're checking out another guy's rear package, can we see you got one?
The rear package?
No.
5-6 out of there.
Oh, there's one.
Scott McClellan.
That's called a lower.
And they're still talking about the shooting actions.
They're still talking about the old herd dog.
The role one of this.
Oh, my God.
Give me a break.
You crazy people.
And you wonder why the American public doesn't get any information?
Why we're in the dark like a bunch of mushrooms?
Jesus, K.
Christ Solomon.
Man.
It's because of the information.
But a beep, but a boop, but a boop.
And then, and then, our call I read by John Nichols is right.
They're just P.O.D. because some little horseball newspaper and Corpus Christi text
is down at first.
And the Washington press score, they didn't get the information before anybody else.
Well, it's the fewies of...
6-6-2-A-M.
He came from coming to your life on Hollywood with another edition of America's Bottom 40.
Born to you by the Oxie-5 Company's newest acne medication, Oxie-Mawon 5, for simple free teenagers.
It's so cool.
It'd be a little quick to imitate, boys.
That's a good joke.
We've got the worst songs in America and we're counting down.
Record stories are showing up.
For some unknown reason you're buying them, I'm using them as coasters.
First, let's review the top three songs on the charts.
And number three, Guns and Roses is singing Sweet Child of Mine.
Well, if I had a child around the house today, I'd have these four words for lead guitar,
slash and his chords.
Stay the hell away.
And number two, you will who assist.
They're eaten, or liven in a perfect world.
And especially not for you, Urease, since you don't speak proper English.
And number one, George Michael Singhs, he's got a monkey on his back.
Well, I would imagine it's getting a little crowded back there.
But then again, you probably don't mind.
And by the way, George, there are these remarkable shaving instruments called Razor.
Hi, one.
And lose that silly ass theory.
Other songs on the charts, the band Johnny H. Jazz,
with I want to be a hero, is moving down on the charts and deservedly so.
Apparently, Johnny also reads music.
I don't think Carol Status is imminent, Johnny, so get a real job.
And there is a song I like, Rock Stewart's newest release, Forever Young.
And for a moment, I thought it was a song about me, Forever Young.
Now a time for a long distance dedication.
It comes to us from a listener in Pasadena, California, right here, KC.
I'm 16 years old, President of my class, I'm six foot through, I've gone here,
way 175 pounds, and started quarter back to my high school dean.
But KC, I have a problem.
The girls, sampling will not leave me alone.
It seems as though I've already wanted before, is my good looks, my excellent physique.
Why can't they just like me as a friend?
Treat me as a person instead of some sex object, and quit hitting a bumpy all the time.
KC, do you have any suggestions, Shine Todd?
Well, here's my answer.
Dear Flaming Harbor.
12.33 a.m. So anyway, here's something I just found on the internet,
that you might find very fascinating.
All right.
It's in response to a question, how did Faggot get to meet me at home on sexual?
Since we're so home all the way intensive with tomorrow's pool, that's a good question.
Yeah. Well, somebody has sent in the question, and the reply says,
Well, Josh, the airplane, Josh.
Yeah, Josh G is the person that wrote down, Well, Josh,
you write to think that the British historically haven't found Faggot offensive,
with the exception of a vial tasting meatball currently marketed in the UK as Mr. Brains Faggots.
One of the advertising lines says it's no wonder 100 million Faggots are eaten in the UK every year.
I wonder about how about Mr. Faggots' brains?
As Dave Verrises, I'm not making this up.
Oh Dave Verrhe quotes, oh my god, in the right and the middle of lunchtime.
It took Americans to apply the term to male homosexuals, first in history.
The term Faggot, or F-A-G-O-T, with one G, meaning bottle of sticks,
shows up around 1,300 in English.
It almost certainly came from Old French, possibly going back to Greek, Fakalos,
sent well in those Greeks.
Since those bubbles of sticks were mainly used for fires, it's not surprising that the term came to meet burning sticks.
Then there was that nasty business in medieval times where heretics were burned of the state.
Some later cities indicate heretics who repented, I'm sorry, some make any sense.
Heretics who repented and were spared a fiery death and had to wear a picture of a Faggot on the sleeve
to show what might have been their fate.
But no permanent print evidence exists that homosexuals refer to as Faggots
before the 20th century, with the origin definitely in the US, not in Britain.
The British continued to use the word Faggots as nouns, verbs, and adjectives
right through the early 20th century, never applying it to homosexuals anytime.
To Faggot to be a Fagg was a common term in British schools from late 1700s,
and referred to a lower-class minute performed chores for upperclassmen.
Well, I think we know what those chores might have been.
While this term was also in Vogue at Harvard in the first half of the 19th century,
it died out by mid-1800s in the US, leaving it only in Newson, England.
19th century Brits also heard Faggot used and represented to an ill-tempered woman,
i.e. a ballbuster or a battle-axe, a shrew.
That meaning of the term continued in the early 20th century,
and the usage was gradually applied to children as well as women.
The relationship of any between Faggot is bugged off sticks, and Faggot is shrewish woman is unknown.
The first non-published use of the word Faggot or Faggot referred to a male homosexual
appeared in 1914 in the US.
It referred to a homosexual ball where the men were dressed in drag,
and they called them Faggot Sissies.
Ernest Hemingway in the Sun also rises in 1926, included the line,
You're a hell of a good guy, and I'm fond of you than anybody on earth.
I couldn't tell that in New York.
It would mean I was a Faggot.
A 1921 site says, and Virginies are known as Ferry's, Fags or Brownies.
Faggot's job, Brownie.
George Chancin is ex on 1994 working in New York, gender-urban culture,
and the making of the gay male world says that the term is Ferry, Faggot and Queen
were used by homosexuals to refer to men who were ostentatiously effeminate,
aka Charles Nelson Riley.
Homosexuals were not as sure we refer to the missiles as queer in the first decades of the 20th century,
but the general public main to call homosexuals Ferry's.
If you were in London in the 1920s to the 40s, you used the term Fag,
the man on the street might have offered you a cigarette,
and quite possibly that would have been the case with the Americans at the time.
Faggot anyone?
You Ferry!
All of this does little to answer your original question.
Josh, how did a bundle of sticks come to mean a homosexual male?
Most likely it didn't.
Here we'll have to go to theory, since I'm writing this, mine will have to do.
We notice with some words a progression of usage that more so long
than lines of woman-slash-girl, woman-slash-girl-slash-child,
effeminate male, homosexual male.
The word Ferry is a good example.
Faggot in the sense of an ill-tempered woman is another.
I independently came to the conclusion that while answering a general question,
but in a post of the American dialects of Saudi-Mail and Miss Dr. Lawrence Horne,
Professor of Linguistics at Yale,
posted a progression that I just used, much more than succinctly than I could,
still unexplained to how I Britishism jumped the ocean in a short period of time
to require new meaning in the US.
Perhaps it was an independent formation, words happen.
At last thought, a current notion holds that the English word Fagula,
little bird, might have been the source,
but lacks evidence other than the claim that the word was commonly used in British,
prior to WW2 to indicate homosexual.
Fagula, with the digitizing of publications allowing searching never before possible,
perhaps some further scholarship would be forthcoming to help solve,
since very important mystery.
Fagula, got it?
All right, we got it.
Little bird.
Little bird.
It's a little bit mystery.
Oh, speaking of that, gay bishop treated for alcoholism.
Oh no, Fagula.
Matt Jean Robinson, the Episcopal Church's first openly gay bishop,
V. Jean Robinson, has started treatment for alcoholism.
I'm writing and really saying, well, listen to anybody yet, that we know of.
I'm writing to you from an alcohol treatment center,
where on February 1st with the encouragement and support of my partner,
daughters and colleagues, I check myself in the deal by increasing dependence on alcohol,
Robinson wrote an email to clergy yesterday that it was released today by the diocese of New Hampshire.
Robinson's assistant, the Reverend Tim Rich, he says, assistant,
said today there was no crisis to let the Robinson's disease treatment,
but rather a growing awareness of the problem.
In his letter, Robinson said he had been dealing with alcoholism for years,
considered as a failure of will or discipline on my part,
rather than a disease of which his body simply has no control.
Thanks, Jeff, for taking all the gifts.
Except to stop eating sugar altogether, cookies and candy, ice cream,
and all of these things.
Right? Right. Right.
Okay, that's, I don't know, kind of interesting.
I'm glad that Josh wrote that letter. Me too.
56670560, look at that, speaking of that,
members in Britain and the parliament are putting on a smoking ban.
Since Steven's tablin, that actually served food?
They want to both, they want to ban them, faggots.
The biggest type of all time, religion, 399, nobody will come close.
We got 1281 votes, we'll go over 13, never this hour.
We got a shot of a modern day record on the show during the show.
Now, amazing.
It's later.
What does that mean?
It probably don't mean anything.
Religion, 399, WMD, 1.76, well, what did I tell you?
The word hyphen itself, it gets, it hypes it up.
Everybody hops on it.
Howard Stern, 122, whether you pay for it or not.
American Idol 108, Super Bowl 91, the Segway 74,
broke As Mountain 44, Elvis 44, low carb, that's 35,
Y2K, moving up nicely, 34.
The Olympics 31, Tom Cruise is God.
The Beatles 21, Low Fat Diets 14, it's pilot crap, by the way.
Doctors 12, David Letterman 8, Mash 7, Michael Jackson,
Solomon Thiel, you know, that low fat diet, remember when they started out with that snack wells crap?
Right.
Which are just loaded with carbohydrates and loaded with trans fats and load with all kinds of garbage.
But they're low in fat.
Well, they're good deal, okay?
Exactly.
The interesting part of it is, and of course then you get the thing about the saturated fat,
the bad fats are the saturated fat, but the worst is the trans fats, okay?
The trans fats, the transsexual fat, and you watch out for the fat transsexual.
That's what our goals didn't pull me.
What would ever happen with him?
Where is he still the greeter in the deli somewhere?
What's the story of the eye?
Well, we got a report that he was doing some sales for somebody selling something.
Oh boy.
How sad.
I'll tell you, I'll tell you one thing about Perrell, even through all the tough times that he has been through.
One thing you can't say anymore.
I'm a fat Jew.
You know, a little time in Rikers Island and then have no money or solve that problem real fast.
This is Neil Rusking's eye.
This is 5.69 A.L.
If a glory hole get ready for the scariest CD you've ever heard, Dan Ratter's sorry to ex.
I'm sorry.
So sorry.
Not only does Dan sing a sorry to wet with Brenda Lee.
He sounds even sorry or with Chicago.
It's hard to say to say sorry to him.
I'm sorry.
What?
Dan Ratter's sorry to ex.
Features this sorry thing along with a Ruby study.
It's like a Mr. Shad.
It's like a trap the ball.
I'm sorry.
Order now.
And if you're not completely satisfied, Dan Ratter will personally say.
I'm sorry.
You know, I was watching.
It's funny I played that right now.
I was watching Brian Williams last night doing a whole stupid sure into Reno thing again.
Right.
I was watching his 85,000 little teeth at the bottom of his crooked head.
And I was thinking to myself, I'm locked in there every night.
I watched 630 NBC News.
Right.
And all those years, man, watch CBS for about what, two, three hundred years.
And I'm going to stand rather badly.
I mean, just terribly.
Right.
I don't want to watch Brian Williams.
I want to see Dan Ratter with the news.
Not that he was like any great news guy.
He was just comfortable watching him.
You know, we'd rather have Ratter.
Plus I knew the fact that he needed to push the other, the whole Bush family like Poison said
I was comforting too.
And then they put that Oki-Doki jackass on there.
One night I will give him one chance and I was the end of it.
But he's got to grow at the tops of his ears.
And like Ted Kenley with a mashed potatoes.
And then it just dawned on me what I've always said.
You know, I try to tell these people things in his business.
And there's nobody listens to me because I know nothing.
That's why I've stuck around as long as I know nothing.
People don't listen.
They don't watch networks.
They watch programs.
And they watch when they watch the news.
They watch newscasts that they like.
They don't watch ABC news because they like ABC.
They watch because they're whoever they like doing the news.
See what I'm saying?
When Humbly and Brinkley were doing the news.
People watch.
They're not because they like NBC because they like Humbly and Brinkley.
Good night, David.
Good night, Chad Yaddy.
I know that I was kind of gay.
But in a same with radio.
People don't especially in nowadays.
People don't listen to radio stations.
They listen to personalities.
I'm not talking about music so much, especially in South Florida.
There's no music.
But you thought I was saying?
They listen to personalities.
Nobody's listening for the Greg Reed show or the Clarence DeRos show or anything like that.
They listen because they like whoever's on the air or they don't or not.
You know, it depends.
I just mentioned that in passing.
So NBC, you know, they got me only because of Oki-Doki on there.
And they still haven't got anybody on there.
They're kind of like us, you know.
CBS is kind of like the WDQA of television with our revolving two to four and our whole revolving line up
and we ain't got any ID who's on first because Greg Reed left a gigantic mess, you know.
And the same with CBS.
They basically admitted, Bob Schiefers sucks and that he's an old toad and that he doesn't belong on there.
But they always got to be Katie Curric.
It's got to be a whole bunch of revolving people.
We'll bring back Connie.
Chink again.
You know, they don't know what they'll do.
I say bring back Dan.
What are you saying?
Let's do it.
Oh, Canada's hockey team arrives in Toronto.
Shame on you.
There's your sackic use sack of crap.
Shame on you guys.
See, the Olympics, let me say it again.
There's supposed to be for amateur competition.
Follow on saying, amateurs, unpaid.
Not a bunch of professional juxtapos make millions of dollars that are kind of going to go over there and kick the crap out of a bunch of amateurs, you know.
Stupid.
Not to mention very, see, that's where the national hockey league.
Give me five seconds to talk about times up.
Makes a bad mistake.
One of many.
No respect for their fans.
You don't see the national football league sending their football players to play without a world league of American football in Europe against the Amsterdam
Toker's do you?
Josh, no, you don't.
You do not.
Ever.
You don't see major league baseball players going up to play against some bunch of idiots in Germany do you?
Or in Finland?
No, you don't.
And the same thing ought to be with the NHL.
But the league has got no respect for itself.
So that's why all the world tournament and the Olympics, all of a sudden, are crap, you know.
It's Canadian thing and we apologize badly for that.
Oh, let's see if I got to do a break.
No, I don't.
I'm getting way ahead of myself because I still got a hell of a pile here including Ted Rawl is going to assume thinking about suing and colder.
I want to hear that one.
No, okay.
Okay, let me get to a dunk.
Well, you want to hear that one first?
Okay.
Okay, let me push it up in my pile.
Push it, okay?
I'm pushing it.
Push it real good.
Don't push it too hard.
Columnist and colder made a provocative remark last Friday about Dunesbury creator Gary Tudot and then to her out cartoonist Ted Rawl.
Tudot is shugging it off but Rawl is considering a lawsuit.
All right.
Colter reportedly said Friday at the conservative political action conference in Washington DC.
Iran is soliciting cartoons on the Holocaust so far only Ted Rawl and Gary Tudot in New York Times have made submissions.
Giving her a mark and other twists is the fact that the conservative Colter has the same distributor, United Press Syndicate, as the liberal Rawl and Tudot.
Well, ask Monday if you wanted to respond to Colter's comment. Tudot told EMP, that's editor and publisher via email.
Nah, an A.H.
Nah.
Rawl announced on his blog they would look into taking legal action against Colter if readers of his blog wanted him to and we sure as hell do.
And if they pledged the $6,000 needed draft and file a lawsuit in New York.
George will cover it.
Yeah, I got a ready to eat.
Now, he's got his big raise coming after his lunch with Joey yesterday.
Got the big bucks coming, baby.
Now, he can buy Josh the big, big screen HD TV that Sam's on 52 inch, that tropical island that goes all the way to Toshiba HD DVD thing will be out the player.
If an F.F.S. vote's coming in, but enough serious pledges, I'll see and Colter in court, Role, if not, talk up another victory for the right.
Role said people were voting roughly three to one in favor of suing.
A total editor in publisher yesterday, the pledges are coming in fast.
If pledges continue to come into the present rate, I'll have the $6,000 available by tonight, meaning last night he said.
A lot of people are fed up with how Colter is turned slandering levels into a cottage industry.
They want to see her a hell to account.
I'm actually fairly overwhelmed by the response.
More than 300 pledges, mainly in the $2,200 range.
He added I'm getting so many email pledges with the same subject line, suing Colter, and beginning to think that her first name is su.
Maybe she's a brilliant su.
It's a tricky Johnny can.
That makes sense. She has got a boy looking.
Oh, she's got a boy, a man.
You fairy.
And Miss Drudge.
You fairy.
And who's the other one, Laura Engra.
You fairy.
And Condoleezza.
You fairy.
The no votes according to Role are mostly from people who worry that what she said is protected for expression.
His next step.
I have a call into my lawyer, like anyone with an ounce of sense will follow his advice.
He said, if he thinks there's a solid case, I'll ask the pledges to pay pal the money and move to file if not, I'll have to let it go.
I'm not sure whether this would be a live or defamation suit.
Live will usually apply to your writing and defamate the speech, but this speech has been reproduced in writing.
Role said there's obviously a chance he could lose a lawsuit if it was filed, but the cartoonist doesn't think just a just fun and defense by Cotto would be the reason for such a loss.
I doubt her claims of humor or sarcasm will fly with the jury since she's not funny.
And her audiences take her literally and she knows it.
The cartoonist concluded in a comment, emailed the editor and publisher.
It's one thing to mock people for their opinions, quite an habit of making opinions up out of whole cloth and stuff them into a person's mouth.
That's what Cotto has done here.
She has absolutely no reason to believe that I'm sympathetic to the Iranian government, a Holocaust revisionist or denier, or anti-Semitic.
She has no reason to believe that I'm less patriotic than any other American.
Opposing the Bush administration does not make you anti-Semitic, poor Iran or anti-American, and no one has the right to equate them.
She did before a large high profile audience that included Dick Cheney.
Oh, maybe that's what put him over the edge.
She has the right to attack me for what I say, do and believe, not to lie, said Ted Raw.
The New York Times was also asked my editor respond to Cotto's comment, but a spokesperson was mom to fail to get back, as you'd expect.
What is that old, that old coup?
All the day, the Hamilton, of course, was shot in a duel with Aaron Burr over issues of honor, integrity, and political maneuvering.
Wittington was mistaken for a bird.
The Vice President might be better, but there was a little John Stewart from the Daily Show, Sue Emson.
And we've been able to let this find, and that's about what it deserved.
Well, that's a comedy show, that's where you would expect it.
Exactly, that's correct. That's exactly correct.
Doug Thompson on your favorite website, always sure turn your ass around, capitalheelblue.com.
What? You used to hate this guy.
Yeah, probably.
The beard and that silly fisherman's head, he wears.
Burr this picture all the time.
He says, most of the news stories about meat depressed debates Sunday, and President Bush is a domestic spine program.
Center on comments at both Democrats and Republicans now feel the program is useless because Al Qaeda knows the NSA is listening, and they won't use cell phones to discuss their plans.
But that's not the real story that came out of the Sunday political circle.
Oh, I can't say that, jerk.
The real story is that Pescia put a couple of words in it.
That's right.
The real story is that Pat Roberts, the arrogant Republican chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, told Joe Host Tim Russert that he believes the president is above the law and can do whatever he well done, pleases.
Roberts, a staunch defender of Bush's right to spy on whoever he wants, whenever he wants, and however he wants, told Russert that Bush can and should ignore the law when he feels it's in the best interest of national security.
That prompted Russert to ask, Senator Roberts, let me ask you a very serious question.
Do you believe that the Constitution gives the president of the United States the authority to do anything he believes is necessary to protect the country, to which Roberts replied?
Yes.
Roberts later said he believed the president's authority was above laws passed by Congress.
In other words, George W. Bush is a dictator with absolute authority and no one, not the law and certainly not Congress, has the part of question to override that authority.
Stop for a second and think about this.
The Senate Intelligence Committee and its counterpart in that house are the only congressional bodies that are told in the most cases only in part what the White House is up to when it comes to spying on Americans, gripping the Constitution of Shreds or trampling on the rights of the nation's citizens.
And the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee believes the president has absolute power to do whatever he pleases with no congressional oversight.
That smoky smell is the Bill Rice of the Constitution going up in flames.
That pounding you may soon hear on your door as George W. Bush is gestapo, the so-called Department of Homeland Security, demanding your papers and holding you away because you dared speak out about their furious policies.
If the rubber stampers who are supposed to run things in Congress believe Bush is all powerful and his actions beyond reproach, then America as a free nation ceased to exist that A.D.'s madman took control of our government.
Roberts, like the other Lemmings, who appeared with him on Sunday, believes Bush's spying program is useless now because it was illegal, not because it was illegal and questionable in value, he and others blamed the press for making the program public.
In other words, we're the terrorists who threaten the absolute rule of their president. The man Roberts says is above the law.
As one of those who broke this story about Bush using the government to spy on Americans, I sincerely hope I did my part undermining the program.
And until W. is goose stepping goons, haul me away, I'll continue to do whatever I can to undermine Bush's actions and authority.
Why? Because I'm an American, or at least I was when there was still an American left to defend. There's your buddy Doug Thompson with his fisherman's hand.
Sorry I ever hated him.
Capital Hill Blue, easy and great, great website.
A lot of pop-ups pop-up on earth, you don't have like a newer computer if you use no explore crap.
But never like that, I don't have a private computer.
I've never heard of it before. I've never heard of it before. I've never heard of it before. I've never heard of it before.
In other words, you want to do a fire fun? I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I like fire. I
I like fire. I like fire. I  come up. I go with you. Go with me now. Go with me now. Go with me now. Go with me now. Go with me now. Go with me now. Go with me now. Go with me now. I guess fire is just what I think I don't want time.'m I am happy. I guess I don't want time.'m I am going to marry you. what I'm to marry me.
Don't even bother to question, just follow and don't say.
Everybody's finding bad news, not just USA.
In the active victory in them, you're watching all of you.
Everyone got the fascination, so what would you do?
This time is for nation, under your mightless rules.
In push for the landmation, let's ask USA.
You gotta hate those dudes, and Clinton's liberals too.
Believe everything we did, under state-run rules.
Blood war and war, gold for bread, build up your escondor.
A roof and chainy bush, venue, that's USA.
We don't mind you see our jobs, or a bad economy, or fascinated by jail.
Don't be no stupid, or the hour is too deep.
The fascist attitude wins.
Everybody's turning five years, fascist USA.
102 at 560 WDQM, Kimbertoop, Mad Dog at 4, Curtis at 780K10, no ball games, no hockey games, no UM, no crap.
Oh, look at that, UM at Boston College on Thursdays, I mean, Clemens is going to be leaving today for about five days.
Good, although don't forget a week from Friday's payday again, Clemens is going to leave me alone.
So to Marlispool, which we have been building today, with like 7,000 choices already, what is the gaste thing, or so-called straight guy can do?
If I start reading the choices now by about three o'clock, I'll have them done.
Get a manicure or a slash pedicure, and I'm serious, last time Boatcampo was on, he was talking about after the show he was going to get one.
You know, some guys are so madly looking.
Who would question his, exactly?
Is that what those guys asked to wear about somebody questioning his masculinity?
If they did hear any of this stuff on them anyway.
Were a pink shirt and were a fat bag, and nobody's going to question his masculinity.
Right. And he could like pick up that mucca in front of the university, and just slide from silly with it while holding a cat.
Watch Bear Ass Mountain, thumb rings, naked fraternity hazing, guys with the naval or tongue piercing, were pink shirts going to Michael Jackson concert, were a thong.
Right at the beach, hold a small dog while driving, use bodywashed, kiss another guy, listen to Neo Rogers, cry at a movie, vote Democrat, wear green on Thursday.
Why did that?
Right at tandem bike, right at scooter, what?
I don't know if I said that.
You ever heard about that wearing green on Thursday?
No.
Oh, don't tell him Josh.
Right at tandem bike, right at scooter, that's the best one.
What, if you could see the look.
Why?
Because he doesn't know what you're talking about.
What the hell are you talking about?
When you, if you wear green on Thursday, that's older than the fuzzle, that's like a thing.
It's obvious, huh?
I said obviously.
It's just one of those things that people say, if you wear green on Thursday, that makes you a-
And that's what the pull-up question is here.
I think it fits.
And if it, it does, if it fits your full-ish myth.
Right at scooter vest by ass-lapping as in the locker room, of course.
Highlight your hair, going to the gym.
Guys who go to the gym all the time, taking showers, standing in the shower, watching the other guy's shower, things like that.
Guys who like cats, guys who like McCulloch, and I am still sulking about that comment you made about my liking McCulloch, and that was a low blow.
Short shorts, speaking of that, a sweater around the neck and fanny pack.
Or I think in parentheses, I'll put a bag bag.
Sure.
Right?
Either one will do it.
Although the guy with a fanny pack, he did have- he was packing a of his at the macarena.
Remember, I told you about- we haven't heard or seen him a long time, have we?
No, of course, I haven't been doing appearances for a while.
Now let me ask you this, we know why I'm not doing them because I'm not there and I don't want to be there, and I don't want to do them even if I am there.
I'm done with that.
But in your case, you need the cash.
Now come here, not doing them.
And is this thing actually going to go on? Where is it? Was it in Key West or somewhere?
No, no, that's been changed.
They just haven't been selling them for whatever reason?
Oh.
In other words, they haven't been selling those like anything else.
Exactly.
That's exactly what I was going to say.
But we're back on that as a matter of fact this weekend this Saturday, I'll be the best pro in Danya, the proper one.
Wow.
That's a street from my house.
As opposed to the one I wanted to send you in the-
I want to ride that.
I want to ride that.
I want to ride a my ass.
Are these people crazy or what?
They were.
They thought better of it.
Oh.
And what about the ones you used to do all the time where you were in the-
The assemblies you got?
That's the one you got.
That also fell through the crack.
By the way.
And not to mention, of course, the ones that all the strip clubs fell through the crack.
And of course, you all think of the front of the bus.
Right.
That was Fatboy trying to throw into the bus.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 and they've arrived in Singular.
Wireless line.
W2AM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
That guy that called you actually about Rick.
That is true.
He's actually doing some stuff online as a stock market analyst.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, online.
Yeah, he's doing some stuff online.
He's doing some stuff online.
He's doing some stuff.
He's doing some stuff.
He's doing some stuff online.
How's that?
Yeah, I know.
He was doing it a little months ago and I was listening to Randy.
And he was like, I'm a stock market analyst and look at our website and you can buy into
our system and-
Rick, wait a minute.
Rick Rai is a stock market analyst.
Yeah, and a lot of stock market systems.
I think I lost more money than what you said.
Wow.
Did you ask that guy who isn't back there wasn't so much.
Hey, I don't think we have any Oprah.
Oh, yeah.
How can we let's get out of here?
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Oprah and Dr. Phil.
Okay.
Oprah and Dr. Phil.
Let's get them both on there.
What do you say?
Rick Rai.
I'm sorry, man.
Today's future market.
The home market is, oh boy.
Hey, look at that.
The tickler's long horns of the National Champions and here's W.
Made a lot of Texans proud.
All right.
He's talking about when the vice president shot his bike.
He's talking about Texans proud.
That is just-
That's what his heart always was anyway.
Get out of here.
And the stock market, he couldn't stop talking about pants.
Because that's where his heart was.
He never talked about an IOD.
He didn't?
I never heard him talk.
Well, I never listened to his show.
Good God.
He took it over for a while.
Are you serious?
I thought that was when he went to-
Whatever the hell he was on,
when he had like a point six shares on them.
Oh, it started as IOD.
Wow.
Fair value is a plus two.
Yeah, there's a guy.
If I wanted some real good tips, you know.
I would always call him, Rick at home.
Well, he might know what he's talking about,
but the bottom line is his audience or a bunch of sluppers.
Right.
Everybody-
Yeah, who's on here?
I like Chinese, you know?
Right.
And let's make another Sunday in a fact that-
You hear him?
Here is a good for you.
And he's talking about-
I don't think we have either one of those doing.
Have you ever heard of the other guy?
He's-
It is?
Trust me.
Under what?
Under beer?
No, it is not.
I got it.
No, I think.
It must be replacing.
Oh.
What do you mean by replacing oil?
How do I do that?
What?
I can't replace anything that was put in here before you know that.
Anyway, let's move along.
Let's talk it bugged down, Rick Riley,
and his internet radio stuff.
He's not on the radio.
That's the point.
In addition to which a guy didn't know where or what he was talking about.
Well, I wasn't full of crap.
Have some idea what you're talking about when you call a radio talk show.
Okay.
Don't just give me a shot at it.
It's a Rick Riley's bag.
He's on the air now.
He's on the internet.
Guess what?
Overweigh.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Q-A-M.
I've been-
You've been shot in the face a couple of times.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Woody.
W-Q-A-M.
Wow.
Yes, he would.
Q-A-M.
Going one.
Hello.
Yes.
Hi, I'm calling to speak to Neil Rogers.
Speaking.
Neil, hi.
How are you?
You're very good.
I'm calling for Miami.
I'm ready.
I've been living here for like 20 years and I've never been able to get through with this
today.
Oh, right.
Don't believe it, Bob.
Maybe.
But anyway, I want to have time for your poll.
Do you believe them?
Okay.
Do you want to know what it is?
It's-
That would be good.
It's a big giant, like, burly man who wears girls' tight watches, like, girl-sized watches.
Wow.
I can't stand that.
I never-
I never saw that in my life.
A big, burly guy that wears a lady's watch.
Yeah, like lady-sized.
Like lady-sized.
Like lady-sized.
You get a time mix or a roller like to whatever brand you can afford and you get the lady's
size instead of the men's size.
Oh, my God.
I think that looks really-
What a swishy thing that is.
We can just put worry women's watches.
Thank God I got a good manly watch here.
Well, I was like talking to you, Neil.
Happy Valentine's Day.
Stand back to you.
Thank you.
Bye.
I got a citizen, man.
Yeah.
I do.
I got a Casio and it's-
I was on the microwave.
I was like, I need me too.
What?
We have Casios and they're the size of a microwave so I don't think we'll get-
Oh, there.
Oh, there.
I got a big, big ass citizen, man.
That's a good, good watch.
You got a good watch.
This is one of those.
What the hell did they call these?
That last forever.
I asked the girl in the store because my other one died.
One of the matter we died is I just throw my watch out.
I don't know if you better.
Is it self-winding?
It's an eco.
Yeah, of course.
It's an eco-sumphana runner.
No, it's a colonist.
Do you like just the-
Do you flick your wrist to wind it up?
You don't have to do anything.
Okay.
Don't get smart now.
You don't have to do it.
No, no, this is by light.
This is the-
It gets-
It's by daylight.
That's correct.
That is correct.
That is absolutely correct.
You don't have to wind it.
You don't have to a yank it or twist it around or the watch either.
And it-
Yeah.
And it's just a little tiny bit of light.
I'll charge this baby up and last forever.
Because there's no battery to die.
Got it.
Got it.
Pretty amazing.
Now what is it I want to put on there?
What do you watch?
Yeah, never wear women's watches.
Ladies watch.
Ooh.
I-I've never seen that yet.
No, neither.
Even on the fruit cakes I never see more and I don't leave you long.
Those are the men that like to watch.
From and it's after one at five sixty W.M. when it comes to mattresses.
There are a lot of gimmicks out there.
The latest are so-called sleep numbers.
Otherwise known as air mattresses.
A lot of hot air.
They're only warranty in full for two years.
They squeak.
They pop just like that.
They can lose their setting during the night.
They cost you a tremendous fortune.
But if you really want a high quality brand name mattress that will last you for years and years.
They call our good pizons, our friends at dialow mattress.
1-800 mattress.
When you call that number you'll get no run-arounds, no showroom shenanigans.
Just factory direct prices and the best brands you know trust and love and covet.
When you call 1-800 mattress you choose from Florida's biggest selection of serda.
And silly.
And king corle and simmons.
And temperpita concerns about anus foster already for same delivery and prices that are lower.
That are unbeatable.
Much lower than a so-called big name chain stores.
Even during these so-called big sales.
Call 1-800 mattress.
You can have the bed.
You want to deliver the date and time you want in that two-hour delivery window that I've been telling you about for years.
You can't be to with a stick.
Call today like I've been doing for years called 1-800 mattress.
Or log on to their website mattress.com.
1-800-MATTRES leave off the last is because it stands for Savings Stupid.
This is Meal Rogers.
This is 5-60-2-8.
Am I junior, honey?
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
I need a bump.
