Yeah, whoever's doing that to the full revolving show might want to ask you what he talks to his teeth a lot of people on the
North. I want to know about all the scambling that's going on in this country in
National Hockey League. All these guys are betting football. He goes starting me off on hockey again
where I'm a road to hell today. Not a hockey store. It's a great headline in New York
Post. I were front page. It says Betski. She was witty because of Betski. Yeah, I love it.
Hate him like poison man. Need a lot. Is there nothing? Nothing to please me more than seeing him go down.
And what timing to they're just opening the Olympics in Turin. I'm sorry in Turino.
And got all this crap going on. And apparently the J. How about this one? The general manager of the team
bet 500 on the over in a Super Bowl game through Tauke. Yeah. It's like everybody in the office was in it.
Now their other players on other teams that are in question. Every other commercial that's on
Aero here as you can imagine because they're sick with this hockey thing. So they're obsessed with him.
And he just makes me nauseous. But it would be one thing if you deal with people who needed the money.
But like Pete Rose, your buddy Pete Rose. Now there's a guy who's always down and out who's
always like going on the you know, peddling his baseball cards and signing people's ass and whatever
he can to get a few bucks because he's losing his ass. But these people are more money than God.
The wife is a famous actress and he's got more money than anybody could ever want and they're involved in this crap.
How much do you think he's worth? How much do you think he's worth?
Millions. I couldn't even begin to tell you. The 20 to 30 million million. Oh more than that.
More than that. Millions and millions. More money than you and I could lose a
10 years. Well that's right. He owns a piece of the hockey franchise. Right. And his wife is a hell of a piece. So,
Bill, I don't think she made that much money. Well whatever. But he gives her a pretty good
out. I guess he gives her a pretty good allowance. I would think. I mean you're married and your wife
comes in and says no. There's no question that love had nothing to do with that romance.
Do you remember the movie Lost in America? No. Albert Brooks. No. Oh he's an advertising executive
besides the dropout takes the life savings and they cash in and they get an RV and they're going
to drive across the country and they stop overnight in Las Vegas. She goes down to the casino and
loses it all at the roulette table, the whole life savings and he goes downstairs and finds out that
she's lost all that money and Gary Marshall played the part of the casino boss. He goes in the
office to ask him if he can get the money back that she made him a stake. It was very funny.
I guess he had to see it. Yeah well it was like that bit middle of a movie about Vegas. That was
a good movie. I can't never think of the name of that movie. But this is the same thing. Janet
Jones, oh she didn't take the life savings. But 75,000 eight. She was a half a million over three
months. She's betting some serious money. No kidding. Well when you get looked when you got the big
bucks you're not going to go bet five, ten bucks here and there. It's all relative. I understand.
Guys with the big bucks aren't playing the 50 cent slot machine, man.
But you can you can lose millions if you bet enough. I mean you can blow the life savings or
whatever you got. Oh listen I could take you right out to Woodbuy now and talk to
just pick one at random and they'll tell you how they lost their pension. I have people come
up to me all the time. People I just don't even know their name. I just see them you know
casually frequently there. Oh this one old guy with you a very nice guy. Over the muthus,
well I lost my life pension here. I can't come here anymore. And I'm very nice don't because
I don't want to be rude but I'm thinking to myself why are you here? I don't see any guys with
oozeys who like you know are holding you here at gunpoint. Why did you come back? You're going to
finally get even with Halendale. Once those slots go in. Yeah. People start going bro. Oh
going to be losing their ass. Good. They won't even be able to afford the early bird. Yep.
And by the way I hate to break the news to your buddy there from the new Monday night football team.
What's his name? Glory hole. What was his name? Hersh whole. Hersh. What do he corn? He's
Tony Cornhole. Yeah. And he says oh well the games are going to start at 840 or whatever. So
now he won't be able to go to the early bird. It starts at 615. All you can eat early bird.
First of all he stole that from me. Number one, the whole early bird. Stick. And number two,
the early bird doesn't start at 615. And number three, it's not all you can eat Tony. So
talk about something you know about which is nothing to do with the early birds in South Florida.
Jackass. God. But anyway that's right. I want to start picking on your buddies in the
business again. Almost anyway. Like even Pete Rose. I mean when when you're you know you
admit to being buddies with Pete Rose. Next thing you're going to be meaning to gambling and then
you'll be right in there with old Betski in his way. So Pete last weekend. Did you really? Yeah.
Oh he should only. There's a special place in in hell for him. There's a special place in the
farm shop. He should be in the hot in the hell of fame. I'm sure that there is. He's there.
Sign in baseball. Let me just say anytime you see a guy sitting at the racetrack it's got to stack
a hundred dollar bills sitting in front of him. You know you're dealing with a real major A-hole.
I'll tell you that right now. What a jerk. God. Let's talk to the tellers at the
Calderon Gulfstream about the Pete Rose. So I'm in a casino with Caesars still tonight.
They might think I just you mentioned his name they might just kill you just out of spite just
the instant reaction. He's not well liked by the people in the casinos you can't imagine why.
Just like Larry your buddy Larry King. Uh huh. Go upstairs on the fourth floor and make a bet.
Now I'll be right back. I left my money at the table and a hundred dollar better whatever
then come again then go make a bet on the third floor and stiff the teller on the fourth floor
you know and then if the horse won come back. Oh I got it. Here's Andre. Oh yeah. You know that's
true. I had not to mention all the checks for a slam office to tell me all the stories. Rest in
peace. All the bad checks that he cashed at the track these to have the Larry King Memorial
drawer never paid back anybody a dime not a penny. Here's the guy talk about how much today worth
makes grisky seem like a pauper worth many you can't even count the millions that King has made
based on kissing ass all these years and never paid back anybody a dime.
I remember the story in the tabloids it was years ago now all my client his is agent who ever
ever was this is going to come back and he feels bad he's going to pay everybody back just be
as it was just PR you know make him look better never paid a dime. I mean we got the downtown
and then Mickey Mickey Brown hearings going on now. Contribute to enhancements and improvements.
Yeah the Katrina hearings which now we find out that there's so many bush lies I got to deal
with here today I might have to stand on midnight. They just lie about everything like this thing
well we didn't know that the levy broke the night before yeah lie. He's another lie and who
they got on the committee there's the whiny Susan Collins and you Lieberman oh geez
they need to get some of the people from British parliament on there if you ever watched the
British parliament meetings. No I should never seen that. No. Oh my god where they all get up
and they're screaming and they're pounding on the table. Here here and Tony Blair is trying to
be heard in the course and the other guy and nobody's paying any attention to all screaming.
I like the right grade. I like to watch the Russian parliament sessions where they
strangle each other. Yeah that's what we need in the election. That's exactly what we need.
Can you see the government if he had any. In fact Susan Collins you ought to get up out of that
chair and sit there whining and emerging. You ought to get up and slack brownie brown in the face
right now and say you inept idiot talk about talk about nephatism man talk about all these
all his buddies all his school buddies that all their plum jobs totally unqualified and then it's
like oh gee we don't understand how he was wasn't on top of these things. When you like to see
Arlen Spector and Ted Kennedy with their hands on each other. Yes. Yes. Too much Arabian horses
around the horse and around with his brownie brownie that was his background I was made him
qualified to be. Yeah I know. They have a FEMA. Well listen have a great weekend and don't lose too
much. I might be doing a little gambling this week. Yeah I might just be tomorrow morning too.
We got a whole new strategy now I stay away from the dollar wheel of fortune machines okay. Yeah
kind of good machine man. Do well. I'll do it. Bring back a huge stack of bills. I'll bring back
a big pot of money now put it on my I put it on my table in the living room. Susan they're in
stare-out it's just have it all the way up to my end. And you call it Toshay and make a few best.
There you go. We're Toshay. Toshay. See you. Bye.
Try the you bastard. In an isolated region of the west comes the heartwarming story everyone
is talking about. What started as a fishing trip became something much more. Jake Gyllenhaalano
stars in broke back mountain. The brook lay back. I can't move. Hello. Hello.
The critics are leaving about broke back mountain. It's about a man with a broken back
mountain. On a mountain. I think that was a wolf. That was a grizzly. Oh my I'm lost. Now where am I?
That sounded like a homosexual. Oh my goodness. You're hurt. Yeah definitely a homosexual.
Broke back mountains. Rated S for a drink. Rated S for a stink old man. I have I lasted for an hour.
Yeah. And about three times during the course of the hour I was on the verge of nodding off. I was
close. Stop your laugh and I'm serious. I was fighting to keep my eyes open. Oh better you listen.
One of the worst movies I have ever had the displeasure of singing my life. It is so bad that
there no words to describe it. And just like the what's the other one? The the the chorus gardener.
The constant gardener. I mean I rather watch the constant gardener 600 times and finish watching
this piece of crap. I guess over the weekend maybe I'll find I don't know how long this thing is.
This is like two hours. Oh another I can even imagine another hour this torture. It was a
torture sex. You think with all the sheep up there in the mountains that they you know maybe
would have found one of them that would have been friendly but oh no. It it starts out slow as
molasses and it like goes nowhere and then finally you just say okay that's enough I've had it.
And the sex scene if that's Michelle Williams in their play in the blonde if that's really her
yeah I can't imagine her possibly looking any worse than she does in this movie. I mean she
is the definitive trailer trash bitch. I mean she looks nasty okay and about the only thing
the only thing interesting they're supposed to be a message in the fact that there and of course
once a heat ledger gets married to her they start making babies like rabbits. I mean she's just
popping them out like a like hamsters and the sex scene there which the sex scenes between him and
Jake Gillingall the first one is more like a rape than a sex scene and the second one is just
really embarrassing it's so bad and then the one with her where she finally gets down on all four is
we understand that you know it's called them uh subways of habit yeah of course of habit act like a
rabbit you know yeah neurotic repetition in other words he's been conditioned into this he's in the
fact that whole deal you know that whole deal that whole deal yeah or here's one for our full
today curvy enthusiasm from Barry okay you got that curvy enthusiasm as much about 10 minutes
of one episode and I thought oh not for me but anyway I want to spend about 20 30 hours talking about
broke that mountain save a lot of you people a lot of money those who service them those who might
be inclined to see it just because of all the hoopla I don't do it if I could just take you folks
a ton of money between the constant gardener and broke ass mounting it believe me you don't want to
see either one of these I mean this thing is so slow and goes nowhere and the two ranch hands
up there in and there's not even the other than drink a little booze out of the bottle yeah
well that's always excuses either the ecstasy of the booze yeah right but there's not even the
slightest bit of warmth or anything between the two of them and all of a sudden they're like you
know it's humpback mountain and then even the summer ends when they both they're getting
getting done with all their work with the sheep up there and then well see around okay and they
get their own pickup trucks bye bye they're in that the slightest bit and of course you know when it
goes beyond that I don't know what's going to happen people are going to say well you missed a good
part well you know what I'll I'll take your word for it not even a pack on the cheek it's it's so
bad and the fact that there's all this big hoopla on all these bag movie reviewers oh this is so
water if you want to see a bag movie where the two guys doing stuff making love with Michael
Amkeen and Harry Hamlin and Kate Jackson how how many years ago was that it's got to be like
look it up I think it's like Google is making love with Michael Amkeen who is I love Michael
Amkeen but at least you know at least there was some warmth in there and some you know some
affection from something tenderness oh tenderness yeah not a series that it was like something but
this was just stupid it was like like gratuitous anyway let's get the bad news out of the way from
Iraq it's 82 1982 so it's 24 years I was right a long time ago and that was a good movie now you
seeing that right I think I saw it it wasn't it a TV movie no it's been on TV I'm sure that I
saw it on TV it's it was pretty good pretty gay and pretty yeah yeah but if I had to choose between
that and there's a very ass mountain mounting thing oh this is just if anybody has the balls to call
me in and tell me this is a good movie I'm gonna send Luca Bratsi to you how to blow your brains on
if we could find any come on don't just wait then maybe they saw something you didn't we got 75
thousand stories about bush lying today really amazing how he's including the mayor of L.A.
just never heard nothing about this village the attack that they disrupted which come to
get out never was it gonna really happen anyway it was only conceptual stages it was never really
gonna happen in the first place he found out about this latest information by watching push on TV
yesterday and was not too happy about it anyway a roadside bomb blasts has killed two U.S. Marines
near the western and bar city province of city of Fallujah today in Baghdad a car bomb exploded
at the least four-wounding 21 more so the good news continues it's a blood bath like Cristiano
Aman porra said oh there's a Susan Smith he's wimping along president so let's see thank you
like that oh god get some real people in the congress get some real people to take hold of the
government and stuff is wimping pussy footing around for cramming god we need the whiners on
over there macaroni and freaking cheese well guess and speaking of that freaking listen freaking
that guess who's out of the closet on here we didn't even know about it really maybe maybe
Tom cruise and John Travolta and our Kelly don't want to come out of the closet but I'm the room
where I'm here in now is hey what do you like the Rogers guy
like a broke back out boy oh right I'm riding on the lawn and sometimes it's all the hoover
oh
brought them
from
they�
warm
a
So
There's a reason why
Jack's dope cover the nearer we are.
Rack them!
I'm a home on the rain just where?
Like a broke back half-boy.
You fairy!
Save your money, okay?
Go watch Snow White in the Seventh War or anything.
Go hang yourself from the ati-room in the airplane.
By the way, we'll get to that story about the guy who was hungry.
He hanged with me.
Oh, I see.
Steve says, have Mary Tyler Moore Show on a pull?
Oh, jeez.
Okay, have a great weekend too, Steve.
Back after.
Mary Tyler Moore Show.
Not for me.
There was nobody on that show I'd like, including her, including Dick Van Dyke, including
Rose and Marie on that show.
Okay.
Stick with the Hollywood Square's Rose and Marie.
Okay, that's more of Up Your Alley's sound.
More Amsterdam was he on that show too or was that the ati-dick Van Dyke show?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Not for me.
Here's yesterday's pull, 1740 votes.
What radio show do you listen to it a morning before it's 10 o'clock?
Hank, 308, 17.7% for the Humper.
Alright.
Air America though, 236.
That's pretty scary.
None, 222.
NPR 190.
Your buddy Phil Lassman.
Is that you telling me he's on in the morning on NPR?
That's right.
There were a lot of them in there.
No.
Howard Stern on Sirius 165.
And by the way, Ferrell was on with him lying through his teeth again.
I had a six share and he arrived at me.
We had a 40.
We were at the market.
Yeah, one month and one trend you had a six share.
For I had three months in the market.
One was a six share.
It was very good.
One was like mediocre and the other month was a disaster.
But this guy talks more crap.
I'm going to go to the market.
I'm going to go kick your ass.
If the audience had even the slightest inkling of the stuff that he pulled off, forget about
Anya.
And you know, jeopardizing the license and stuff like getting us fined.
But the stuff that went off here, you know what I'm talking about?
I'm sure you do.
What do you talk about?
You know exactly what I'm talking about.
Including that one sales call where like it's a miracle anybody walked out of their life from the reports we got.
Remember that deal?
No.
Yeah, you do.
And maybe you want to talk to Joe Bell about that on Monday.
Howard Stern on serious 165 Joe rose 135 run in Paul 116.
Bob and Tom 113 almost even with Ron and Paul.
They're not even in a dating-broward market.
How you like that?
That's either a tremendous tribute to them or a knock on Ron and Paul or both.
But that's quite an accomplishment.
I don't care what that guy said yesterday.
He's just a loser.
I like Bob and Tom.
No, too.
Yes, I do.
So the fact is that they, you know, they're not political geniuses.
Okay, big deal.
They suck up.
Other music stations 67 now too many and too bad.
XM 35.
Oh, I can't wait to listen to Oprah on XM.
W-I-D 35.
All the right wing propaganda all the time.
Mike and Mike in the morning 33.
I guess that's the SPN radio.
Call up Jim Siany and see how come he didn't write about that punk in his column today.
What tells you guys now?
I don't even know what his name is anymore.
Who?
The SPN radio.
Oh.
I'm asking Josh, you're supposed to know that.
Which guy?
Huh?
Which guy?
The guy in the afternoon that he's always raven about how great he is.
We ought to have him on two to four and that nobody ever heard of.
See you don't know.
No speaking English station 25.
Howard Stern pirate broadcast.
Either on the internet or, huh?
I said, I'm a team.
Great.
16.
So you put those two together and you got like over 10% of this audience listens to Stern in the morning.
Still by hooker by crook or either pan forter stealing it magic one.
0.2.714.
Why 110?
Mr. Ego Steve Kane five, which I smell around there.
It was like two all day long and then I think Nick Lawrence voted three times.
WFTL five power 96 five.
How do you like that?
Aren't you impressed?
WKPX four and WVUM.
So lament they only won because who now would want to hear that anyway.
And number two, I do nobody here since us anyway.
Is that Evan Cohn?
Evan Cohn.
Who is it?
Evan Cohn.
Very good.
Where'd you get that?
Muddy Cohn?
Yeah.
So getting back to this piece of garbage movie.
Now I can't spoil the ending for it because I haven't watched the ending yet.
But I really don't plan on it.
I mean, if I get really, really bored and I want to, or maybe if I have an insomnia and I want to fall asleep real fast.
Yeah.
I'll slap that baby on her again.
It's just, it's so bad.
I'm not exaggerating.
It's so bad that I was in disbelief.
Because any, you know, you sit down and you watch a movie, you put the disc in there.
First of all, very bad copy by the way.
But nevertheless, record it from a, never to waste.
Never to waste.
And I'm waiting for something to happen.
You know, when the movie starts out, there's these two ranch hands.
Heath Ledger and Jake Gillinhal, who was very good in Donnie Darko.
And they drive up to the trailer there.
You know, here's the old rancher's trailer there.
We're going to, you know, a couple of ranch hands, want to look and get some work.
And Heath Ledger was standing outside the trailer waiting for the boss man to show up.
And he's got his cowboy hat kind of over his head.
And he's like leaning up against the trailer.
And then Jake Gillinhal drives up in his pickup truck.
And he like, gets out of the truck and stands there.
And kind of like his eye and Heath Ledger, like looking at him, like up and down, you know, like that.
Right.
Which I guess that's supposed to be a message there.
Oh, Bruce says the honeymoon is still made.
Okay.
I was going to put that on the honeymoon.
And so, and that's how it was said.
And then it gets more boring from there.
And then they get the job of being the sheep hoarders.
You know, they're going up there in a bear back mountain.
And they're going to like be living up there in the woods and hurting the sheep
and bringing them all back alive and whatever that's all about.
And so we see a lot of sheep.
We see some neat dogs in there.
They're like doing that sheep herd and stuff that the sheep dogs do.
And that's pretty much it.
And they're sitting up there.
And you see a Heath Ledger bear ass naked from the backside, which quite frankly who cares.
And then we see Jake Illahal, like a wash in his laundry, you know, they're in the creek.
And he's like squatting down the start naked.
And that's that's that.
And the whole thing is so ridiculous and so implausible because like I said, there was not the slightest bit of affection
or tenderness or warmth between the two of them.
And all of a sudden because it's cold outside one night, Heath Ledger sleeping outside the tent and Jake's on the inside.
And Jake says, get your ass in here.
I guess he took him literally all the way around the turn.
But then they're laying there under the covers and Jake Illahal reaches back and grabs Heath Ledger's hand
and puts it right down there where the moon don't shine.
Right, wraps it around, which I thought he was going to wrap the arm around him, but he just stuck it right down, you know where.
And then they end up front.
And then the next thing we know, he's getting up and taking his pants down.
And then Heath gets up and takes his pants down.
And here we go, you know what it is.
I say Heath's on the top and Jake's on the bottom.
Got that?
I got this.
That particular scene is more like a rape than it is anything else.
It has nothing to do with the affection or love or even it is more like a rape scene.
It's the kind of thing of it.
Somebody, we miss so badly.
And then there's another scene where they're like doing some hanky-panky in the tent.
And then that's pretty much it.
And then the summer ends like I said.
And we see a sheep there got killed by a wolf or whatever and ripped the pieces of coyote.
Maybe it was one of Betsky's coyotes.
And then the summer ends and they go back down to the trailer.
And the meantime the boss man has been looking with the binoculars and seeing something hanky-panky going on up there in the woods.
And they like, well I guess I'll see you around.
OK, well I'm getting married to his Heath Ledger and getting a hits to Michelle Williams.
He's going to have her crawling around all fours.
And that's it.
That's it.
And it just drags and drags.
And you keep waiting for something interesting for something anything.
Please just please give me some entertainment.
Please show me some reason why I should continue watching and they didn't.
And so I didn't.
I shut that baby right there.
That's a relief.
Oh, so please do you say.
And if you're a wife and your daughter thought it was pretty good man.
You said that.
You wanted them.
We can, huh?
I said they thought it was OK.
No, it was not OK.
Well what are they doing?
It was, it was not even close to OK.
They said they got sucked in by the hype.
That's what it was.
I had that.
You thought because I was going to watch it and that might, that might be what I thought it might, uh,
do I'll paint working for me.
I'll tell you what we'll work for you this weekend.
The Emerald Coast Florida's number one Asian Gore May buffet.
That's again a restaurant review.
Opened in just mine.
Now every weekend every Friday through Sunday night you can go there and really pick out.
Enjoy lobster fest featuring main lobster served thermidor style.
And every night at the Emerald Coast is cramped fest featuring the last and the snow crab legs.
Dungeon is cramped.
Jonah stone crabs.
There are so much great food there you'll have to waddle out.
The menu still includes fresh oysters on a half-cell and a sushi bar with over 30.
But third man.
Different items.
The Emerald Coast also serves juicy, delicious New York steaks cooked to order the way you love
Manhattan Car Primarily.
And on the weekends for dessertly room for the Emerald Coast famous 40-inch chocolate fountain.
You can hand it your own strawberries.
Marshmallows, other decadent treats.
And be sure to check out their all new all you can eat sushi bar featuring sashimi.
Tuna tataki over 20 different types of sushi rolls and much more.
Tuna tataki.
Taki.
The Emerald Coast has three convenient locations to serve you.
They're in sunrise sending out beach and pepper finds.
Reservation suggested if you want to have a real fantastic feast this weekend.
Get the whole gang to just take all bunch of strangers to and pick out at the Emerald Coast call 954-572-3822.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 560-Q-A-M.
Fortunately and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
From the makers of Prove Back Mountain comes an epic tailor for bin love from the other side of the valley in rainbow reservation.
Why you cry?
I know.
Oh, flaming fronth eye.
I fear you and your friends more than friends.
I fear you may be the slow curse.
Never.
Rising long horned bin friends and foyer.
It's how you look at well.
How he look at you.
The proper feather.
Perkins, the T.P. deforation.
And those long trip over mountains.
Experience the prairie like never before as two Indian friends from rival tribes.
The Chakagai and Lockajar tribes spend nights alone in the wilderness.
In a T.P. eliminated by the flickering campfire and serenaded by the sounds of nature.
Oh, long horned.
Oh, brown eye.
Oh, good grief.
I can't know what you.
Movie critic, rest week.
Raise.
Who's your chase?
Who's your chase?
Rainbow reservation.
Oh, I hate.
I hate.
Oh, I hate.
Coming soon.
To a theater near you.
Oh, so downtown Brownie Brown just said, I didn't know there was no people at the super dormant I can mention center.
You can meet.
Right.
For the poll from Matt and Viral Beach, law and order.
Okay.
Okay.
Matt and Viral Beach, he must be the guy that called us yesterday and gave us a song of dance about how bad Bob and Tom were.
Right?
I mean, how many people have we have in Viral Beach?
Absolutely.
Right?
So we'll put it on your lawn order, but with some crapitation.
Anyway, I'll watch this thing and I'm thinking to myself, you must have sent me the wrong movie.
Yeah, right.
You must be fun in me.
So I just went on IMDB and a funny part about this is that I started typing it in, you know, to get the review of it.
Uh-huh.
And I started writing Bear Act and then that.
Yeah, I couldn't think of what the real name of the movie was, no, Molly.
You know, Bear Act.
Somebody bits.
So here's what they give eight stars out of ten, eight stars.
I'm going to tell you at least seven of those are alive.
It's the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen.
Oh, you've got to do this.
I've got to stick some factory in there and the critics just go, no, they're here.
Statement in the half.
How many, how many stars did a torched song trilogy get with Harvey Firethien and Anne Bancroff?
I don't know.
Check it out.
I don't want to.
I'm afraid.
And I got news for you.
As marginal as that movie was, it sure as hell beat the crap out of this thing.
At least Anne Bancroff was funny.
I never saw that.
And at least the adopted son was real hot.
Anyway, but nevertheless, uh, here I want to read you this, uh, you know,
they always put a user comment.
Here's something that gives it ten stars.
Oh, some queen from Toronto, no less.
Well, it wasn't this one.
I was lucky enough to get this ticket to the second screening of Bear Act's Mountain
if the Toronto International Film Festival.
It was absolutely beautiful from a gay man's perspective, which here that could be just about anybody.
The love story was both satisfying and heartbreaking.
Heath Ledger gives a better performance to the two, but not by much.
Probably important because he's the main character.
Heath is not perfect.
I didn't detect a false moment.
Jake is also incredible.
Sweet, nuanced, and loving.
He has a difficult part of being essentially the love interest rather than the main character.
Once you see the ending, you'll understand why it was important for the audience to more closely, um,
sympathize with Heath's character.
Why didn't see the ending?
And the subject matter is treated fairly with compassion.
Yeah, like the rape scene, the script was wonderfully structured.
The portrayal of the wives is also fair and compassionate.
I've never liked Michelle Williams more in a role than this one.
She was the portrait of honorability, and Anne Hathaway was great in limited role.
Love the hair.
Oh, love the hair. That's all I need to do.
Oh, God, all I can say to you is, get out of here.
Screamer.
Love the hair.
Oh, my God.
And you know what this shows to me?
This shows how far back we've gone.
In fact, in 2006, that a movie like this, when the other one,
making love was in 1982, 24 years ago, and here there's such a big hollow blue about this.
Oh, it's a gay cowboy love story.
Yeah, whoopee do.
I am so just blown away.
God.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
And Neil.
Yes.
I think broke back would have been better with stunt men.
Sorry, can you explain that?
No.
And either can he.
How many QAM? Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Have you guys seen the broke back to the future parody?
No.
It's on YouTube.
You go on youtube.com and type in broke back to the future.
It's really funny.
Well, I've got to be more entertained than this movie.
I'll tell you that.
Did you see it?
No, I've not seen it as well.
Please do not.
Please save the money.
Give the money to a starving Getski out there in the street corner.
All right.
Take me back.
Okay.
I want to hear from somebody who actually saw it and liked it,
which in this crowd is unlikely that, you know,
unless they're going to disguise their voice.
Well, you know, promise that you'll be nice to them.
You know, maybe they're scared.
No.
Well, of course, this is this review here while the ending is.
I'm sure the ending is just very touching and wonderful.
Is it this?
I mean, it has a...
Oh, that's what the report from the women is that it's got a unhappy ending.
Oh.
Well, if the ending is worse than the rest of it,
my god, somebody ought to be murdered from making this flick.
I mean, it is just so Honduras.
And there go the sheep.
And here come the sheep.
And here go the sheep dogs.
I'm Tanya.
There's nothing going on.
There is nothing there.
And too many beans.
You know, no more beans.
Those were terrible beans.
They're heating up the can of beans.
And then, they put the plate.
He shoots the...
What is it?
A mooser and elka, whatever it is up there in the woods.
He finally got better in than Jake.
Literally integratively.
Yeah.
And yeah.
Oh, yeah, that's why he...
Well, I'm going to leave that one.
I want to leave that one.
But the ending got there eaten.
They're slicing that baby up in her cooking it and they're eating moost-moost-stakes or elka, whatever it is.
Oh, good.
God.
This is just tragic.
And then, like I said, the obligatory man and his family seem there where he just beats the snot
of these two loudmouths, the foulmouths red-naked Yahoo's that are mouthing off when he's there
with his wife and 85 daughters.
It's just...
It is just pathetic.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Not there.
Mark it down.
Line one.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
How you doing?
Okay.
Hey, 10-bell.
10-bell steak out for a lot of hell.
I'd like to send you guys over.
5670-560.
Town-560 in the Verizon and Singular wireless line.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
I'm glad you're finally speaking.
No, okay.
I'm glad you finally are.
Get your phone technique working a little bit better, okay?
It sound like you're underwater.
Like our guppy.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Neil.
Sick puppy always sounds like your guppy, yes sir.
Good morning, sir.
Buenos.
I wish I had another ticket to go to the police.
Yeah, I'd take you with me.
Yeah.
You would have been a good guy to go with.
Yeah.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Nothing just called you.
I said, you're all time friend from Detroit, always call you.
Long time friend from Detroit?
Young guy.
Yeah.
I don't know anybody from Detroit.
Anybody I knew in Detroit don't live there no more.
Have a good day.
Yeah, okay, you said it.
My long time friend from Detroit.
But these people are really wonderful today.
Wow.
Woo-hoo, wee, man.
They must be doing a real good teriyaki sauce on it today.
On their rectum.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Can you move it along?
I'm sick and tired of hearing about that movie.
Yeah, move this along.
Or can you move your ass bitch?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
See, they can't discuss this.
And you don't want to know why, because it's too heavy.
They can't even talk about it.
This is the most valley-hoved piece of crap in ever.
I'm going to put everybody on the pipe.
Everybody saw it.
And it's the biggest piece of garbage.
Can you move it along?
Yeah, move this.
You silly ass bitch.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M?
Just a let's say come out in the movie.
Q-A-M, hello.
I thought of you all through the movie.
You place them.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M?
Yeah, I think they know.
Speaking.
Speaking of, speaking of, speaking.
Speaking of, speaking.
Yeah.
They are coming on glue.
You see what I mean?
I think I got my thumb right on it today.
They are coming on glue.
I'm so glad you sent me that movie.
So I could tell, you know, number one,
to set for myself how horrible it was.
Number two, senior.
This is the ability of this crowd.
I told you they couldn't discuss it.
Even like to say it was horrendous.
Because then they had to admit they've seen it.
Discussed that.
How about anything?
And they can't.
Huh?
How about anything?
Well, no, that goes without saying.
But this is another category.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
Oh, sorry, time's up.
20-11 at Q-A-M, hey, all you horse racing fans and poker fans,
Pompano Park racing and poker is all the plunging action you could possibly want.
Maybe even Vesky will be there this weekend.
Located just a half mile from both I-95 and the turn,
Pike Pompano Park is easy to get to invest in all.
Pompano Park offers you free admission and free general parking every day of the day.
Live harness racing and our smoke-free poker room are open every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday like today.
Poker gets underway noon, goes on till midnight,
and live racing gets underway nightly at 7.25 in the B-M.
Every Monday night it's Monday madness in the top of the park restaurant on the 6th floor with $2 for $25 dinner specials
and don't miss out on our $1 nights on Wednesday.
When draft beer sodas, hot dogs and lots more just a bucket of pee starting at 6 p.m.
Tonight the top trotters in the country battle in the opening round of the $125,000 MacLebel trotting series.
Featured or track record holder, hell of a hush, unbeaten dumpster,
million dollar winner Abby Rhodes see a newcomer just as hall.
And then tomorrow it's the opening round of the $250,000 Alita Preak pacing series,
headlining the field as last year's winner he wants it all,
North America's fastest pacer, hopsing,
and where the money went who's going for his fifth win in a row.
Pompano Park lots of great racing nation and poker as well,
located just a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road,
simulcasting every day a night, seven days a week.
To the current racing schedule, 9-5-4-9-7-2-2000,
or on the wicked web, pompanopark.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16-2-8-10.
Everybody I'm brown and brown,
accountable for everybody brown and brown,
as a human being, I'm a niggas appointment,
but I got a brown nose and I know where I pointed.
There was no rules to get them saved.
They don't look Republican anyway, I did everything I possibly can.
This your myself home for the crew of plan,
oh what a job I had as a vector of people.
When I'm much more than a wiseries gamer,
and a clueless son of a bitch,
it just digs brown nose and the bridge.
It's as good brown nose and the bridge.
New Orleans is wiped out and gone,
but W said I did one heck of a job,
and it's your pays off.
To be a crown and another white face,
need Christian Fone,
need the national guard,
it's down there now.
We thought of just to get the press out of town,
everybody go home,
there's nothing to see.
Everything here is fake,
pain, all the hurricane gave us a baby seat,
for you find social air to nearing
like a giant Republican's Quain G.
Jesus, for our Lord and King,
grace Jesus, for our Lord and King.
I don't believe in compassion,
what we lack, it serves the right to have less blacks,
and you descend as who say,
it's a national disgrace.
They shouldn't have a black,
in the first place,
this is no time to play the blame game,
since we know that the repayments are caused by these,
who are not the right gunna all-monger.
Like stride, the clueless and carol road,
all-weirer, Jeannie, the America's right wing dream,
to make everybody right-by-pea,
and the ignorance of a baby,
it's absolutely just,
from post-enembrace,
to how I guess,
that in line,
the old Randy and Horses,
I'd rather do that,
than watch floating forces
on the negligent murderer now.
And I'll keep going down,
and keep finals round,
I'm a negligent murderer now,
but I'll keep going down,
to keep finals round.
All right.
1046-14-11-AQAM,
actor Franklin Cover,
neighbor Tom Willis,
to the Jefferson's dies at 77.
And you're Tom Willis?
What about him?
Dead.
Yeah, it's just so bad.
Franklin Cover portrayed Georgian-Oweez Jefferson's white neighbor
in the sitcom,
which ran from 75 to 85,
and the rule he was an interracial marriage with a black woman.
What got what's her name?
Don't know.
All the ads.
Publicists has covered out of pneumonia Sunday,
at the actor's home in Anglewood, New Jersey,
right across the street from 10 a fly.
He'd been living there since December 2005,
while recuperating from a heart condition.
He was 77, but in Chobinus,
for nearly six decades,
his credits in Food and the Jack Eglician show,
all in the family,
Will and Grace and ER.
He also appeared in several films in Food and the Great Gatsby,
about that Tahaki Fair Bill Gatsby.
The stepper wives him also.
He is a fool today,
which we haven't even got to yet,
because that bitch called in and got everybody
all whipped up about Bear Ass Mountain,
Roxy Roker.
Can you move it along?
Oh, brother.
How'd you like to horse whip that thing?
That bitch.
Okay.
Yeah, well, I recognize the voice.
Never had anything to say useful in 30 years.
644 votes,
but then why should she be different from anybody else?
It's not a set of hearts.
Because you had the right,
that was the right response.
Had they ever had anything to say about anything?
You're except, of course,
alien, alien.
Though you've seen every episode many times,
which TV series will you never get tired of watching?
We got the 644 votes.
Signed failed 160.
All boy,
Simpsons 89,
Star Trek 78,
all in the family 69.
South Park 61.
Mash 54.
I love loosely 25.
Cheers 23,
Batman 14.
Y5012.
Lawn older 10.
Near NYPD Blue 10.
Friends 8.
Sexness 8.
Curbianthusiasm 6.
Mary Tyler Morsho 4.
That show really sucked.
The Jefferson's 4.
Kojak 4.
Honeymooners 3.
And Cannon 3.
I voted for Batman.
You probably thought I voted for Cannon,
because I liked the 50 techs, but...
No, I don't know you like that, though.
Batman.
How could you not enjoy Batman?
5.670560.
As we searched for the perfect call,
did they go,
I got a pile here that wouldn't believe.
But once I started,
there would be no stop of me today.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
I was sorry to hear about Mr. Willenstein,
but his wife,
on the show,
Rottie Roker,
was actually married to a white man in real life,
and her son is one of the rabbits.
Really?
Yeah.
That's right.
That is correct.
Yeah, just a kid bit of information, I know.
Excellent.
Thank you so much.
Yeah, that's true.
Of course, that's nothing to be proud of,
Lenny Kravitz.
Oh, brother.
Get a haircut, Lenny.
God.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, it's one of the things you know.
Scott Borrell,
going on to the New York Heart Start Network,
as of today.
No, he was on last night.
Well, yeah.
How are you talked about this?
Oh, excuse me.
And the fact that he lied to his teeth about the numbers
he had in the market,
and he's full of crap as usual.
Yeah, I thought she might have kind of kicked out of that
a little mention there.
A little more like what he was saying, right?
No, he just lied.
Like Hank said, when the guy first came to town,
and Hank said this guy is a total liar,
he's always a BS in about his ratings,
and he kicked Howard's ass when he was a guy on the
Gensum of New York, he's full of crap.
He only asked he ever kicked was his own,
right off the door of a very places-ever work.
Yeah, well, I still got to say those cross-overs
have been you and him, we're still some of the best radio
ever.
Well, thank God for that.
Okay, and we're going to extend him like a half an hour,
even though George and Josh told me this morning
we better cut those real short because they're killing us.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, is that what you guys said?
Oh, now you're all tonight.
I know the way you guys operate.
What?
Sorry, we had to do that.
We had to do it.
We've arrived in Singular Wireless Line.
I'm just moving along.
Okay, I'm moving around plowing right on through here today.
Just like plowing in fields and hurting them sheep.
You know, I really shouldn't encourage you to watch it.
If you can stand about even half an hour,
and then you understand what I'm talking about.
It is just so plowing always a fast-forward to your factory there.
No, you'll never get that far.
WQYM, hello.
Two-one-you got.
Yes, sir.
Just wanted to see if you had any idea when pumping a park
was going to have the actual swap machine to.
About June, I think.
Okay, and I wanted to say what a commentary it is on this area
that congratulations on 30 years and you're celebrating it
if I be in the up and down in the good for you.
Yes, sir.
Thank you so much.
Okay.
See you around, eh?
Oh, yeah, I wouldn't...
I mean, just listen to these calls we had here in the first hour.
That that's what South Florida is on.
It's not me.
It's not this show.
It's not this station.
It's just what it is.
That's what you got.
What you hear is what you got.
Make no mistake about it.
There is no doubt about that.
That's what you have.
These are people who are incapable of feeling any...
Well, you know, and it's like a chicken in the end question.
Were they always that way or did it happen to them when they got to South Florida?
I mean, I think there's a lot of them who have always been there.
So, or maybe it rubbed off on them, you know?
Right.
They do a hostila air in New Yorkers or the hysterical cubanos.
Well, there's always some excuse for people behaving the way they do
and acting anti-social and just being a bunch of bladding idiots.
You can't help it.
The longer you hear the more you become one of them.
Is that what it is?
I can feel it.
Well, did I...
Did not say to that after I was here a short period of time
that the more you're around polite people and friendly people
the more you become like them.
And you're like hold it or open for people and you tend to be more aggressive.
And when you're around nasty hostile people,
it tends to make you nasty and hostile and suspicious and...
Ah, what do you want?
You have that kind of crap.
Oh, that's good reason to get there a lot of there.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, it's your good buddy and Ancrani, how you doing, Pally?
Okay, Pally.
Yeah.
So, what time is it for all of them?
I haven't got any idea.
How big is package?
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's a size of your brain, like a ball bearing.
5, 6, 7, my buddy and Akron and my good buddy and Detroit.
I never knew I had so many buddies out there.
I think you're a good buddy from Guam, gonna call me.
Oh, and my good buddy from Torino is gonna be calling this out on honor of the Olympics.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
I knew.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, with it, man.
Let me grab it to that short hair for the past three or four years.
Well, thank God for that, man.
See, I told you, I told you, I get a haircut and you find a listen to me.
All right, yeah, sure.
I don't care about Lenny Kravitz.
I couldn't see his right about paper is sank.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Welcome, Neil.
How are you?
Pretty good.
I got one for your pool, uh, your pool, rather.
I have a real Billy.
The real Billy is now we're talking, that's right up to her, darling.
You bet you had the best one liners you ever had.
Now I'll take your word forward, believe me.
Uh, also, um, there's no gay cowboys.
Okay.
Make sure you've got your ears on now, buddy.
You got your ears on?
Four of them.
Oh, there's a senator, a caca from Hawaii.
Can we say that?
You always find the name.
Caca.
As under Secretary to keep Secretary Shirt off and form, though.
Do you hear what the way he said that?
I think we should have dumped that.
Five, six, seven.
Oh, he said he was walking around with his shirt off.
Well, Aliyah was a human, not a skater, isn't so.
In New Orleans, he's talking about a lot of people walking around with him shirts off.
And they made an interesting point yesterday, which I never really thought of,
because I'm very, very slow and old.
But the fact that all these thousands and thousands of chocolate folks are going to be like
Stain in Texas now.
See, Texas goes overwhelmingly Republican.
Several thousand extra Democratic votes aren't going to change anything in the statewide elections.
But in Louisiana, where they already have one of the very few southern states like Florida
with one Democratic senator, it's going to change a lot.
See, they can get a lot more good old rednecks in there.
They're all more Republican.
So they're not too anxious to let all them shlupers rebuild their homes.
They'd like to stay in Texas.
Somebody QYM, hello.
Yeah, what's up, Neil?
Speaking.
You all right?
That's me. That's my name.
Hey, Ken, you know, why don't you make your favor, Neil?
You use all your popularity, all your power to make sure that I'm watching Gloria's stuff on down the Super Bowl Apptenship.
I'm going to each ride to get together my good buddy.
I'm going to, man, the Super Bowl this year.
I think he's supposed to a little bit slow.
Somebody QYM, hello.
Hello, guys. Speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil, what's happening, pal?
Listen, I got a quick question for you.
I just got back in the country from Greece.
And I was looking for Mohawk David on the radio this morning.
Well, you ain't find him, no, no, no, no.
What happened?
What do you mean what happened?
This contract was ending in March and they paid him too much and said, no, no.
He said, okay, no, no.
All right, so are you going to be going to the mornings now?
What are you talking about?
I just wanted to know if you're going to go to the mornings.
Why would I be going to, well, what is his nothing here?
I have to do with me.
He was not in the morning anyway.
He was not from two to four.
Mohawk.
Well, I thought they'd shift the whole thing up to 5560 now.
Yeah.
They normally do.
Well, they're not moving this kid.
I'll tell you that.
I'm not getting up in the morning for these grave robbers.
You've got to be dreaming.
Well, I wish I couldn't get up in the morning for my grave robbers.
That's all different stories.
All right, I'm out of material with me on my way to mid-sungs.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight.
What is this guy talking about?
He's talking about from Greece, huh?
It's a special day today, I think.
I think all the aroma, all that pollution and all that schmutz, they're in Greece.
Effective that guy's mind.
What is he got left of it?
Jesus.
All the places, I'd rather go to like Bangladesh than the Greece.
You know what?
God, I don't.
I just can't even imagine going.
Oh, yeah, but it's so nice there in these islands there.
All the queens go to the island.
Well, that's really like that Greek thing.
Mika knows.
674 votes on the pool.
Silent Hill 165.
I'm not going to read the result.
I don't think he's set in a doing anything.
How's that line up today for this last guy who's been out of town?
Has no idea what's going on.
Well, guess what?
Neither do we.
How do you like that?
No idea.
And 2 to 4 is revolving dope because there ain't no mo mo.
This is the Neal Roger show.
What?
This is your brain.
Who can search the choice?
Any questions?
Hey, it's Owick.
Owick David.
Welcome back to the Mojawa David Show.
We're a juke full of zany, but good clean family plot.
I'm here and you're dead.
It's a pie.
I didn't try to phrase, huh?
You know that pipe smoking thing's rape is funny?
Is that funny?
Huh?
What?
What?
What?
Since when is gang rape funny?
What do you require of me?
I require you to drive your bags.
But now see here.
Right now.
I don't know if you're still okay.
Drop it off.
We out of here.
You like it, David?
Get to get to.
Get out of here.
Get up and to bed.
That's what you're doing.
Don't catch my delicate subtendant.
Why does everybody want to rape me?
Why does we think it's funny?
That's why.
Don't put it down.
Get it up and head.
Get up.
Get up.
Get up.
Get up.
Get up.
Get up.
Get your ass out of that sink.
I gotta wash these eggs.
I don't mind.
Get up.
Get up.
What are you some kind of fairy?
I'm not.
What do you know about being queer, you moron?
I've been right there not to know the difference.
We're supposed to be talking about sports here.
This is sports radio over here.
We love men.
Of this point on, I don't care to get paid by the door.
I'm gonna make something out of this cray paper, you understand?
You can maybe let up a little link for us to just out of my pants, okay?
Come on, I'm okay.
It's a joke, you moron.
Oh no.
There's more, shouldn't I?
Oh no.
Who's going to be the one?
Who's going to be the one?
Hello!
How old are you?
A little more than?
How can I help you?
Well, you see more than here.
I keep getting raped.
I did it.
Jarl, look at you and ride away.
Thanks for what?
It's about time.
I'm putting it now, drop your pants.
I said drop your pants.
There's a mo' candle.
It just something that don't while you're watching golf.
Like this?
Or in the, uh, hot liquid in your eye?
Or like this?
Ah!
Oh, it's annoying to the door.
Oh, shit!
And I look like a man who can't take your pants on.
Now, pin-wise.
You want to watch my show?
You'll do as you told me.
Now get over here.
Man, that's right.
Now, come in.
Now, get over there.
Come in.
Now, come in.
I'm over here.
Over here.
Oh, the pizza.
No, I did my silver pizza.
Oh, the pizza.
Now, see here.
I ain't no pie, very glaring.
Oh, the pizza.
I did my silver pizza.
You only have one slice.
Put your headphones in a glass glass.
See if anybody's inside.
No, close it.
Close it.
A little closer.
I can't bite back.
I'm scared.
I'm scared.
Oh, you're a tough guy, huh?
Why, I oughta...
Oh, see here.
Oh, see here.
Oh, see here.
Oh, see here.
Oh, see here.
Oh, right now, right now.
Right there.
Something gets stuck beside.
Now, the new Pope.
See here.
I stand before you now.
You let me play with you, my son.
I said, go ahead.
I said, go ahead.
I said, go ahead.
I said, go ahead.
Well, perhaps you'll go on your mind, John.
You're my totalist.
I don't want to listen to that.
John, I don't want your totalist over me.
It's not my fault.
It's not my fault.
It's hell's never find me in this.
It's not my fault.
Of course, it's going to be important that I have lived you
while I did all this.
I go home now.
But, I'm sure.
Watch out for Mr. Whipple.
Sweet.
Or the sweet.
What happened?
It's me.
Look, look, look, look.
I got about it.
That's what I say.
And kiss my ass.
Just a second.
Am I dreaming or what?
Oh, about.
Just a second.
I thought that was our own spectra.
I thought he's been wearing a hair piece the last couple of weeks.
It's not.
Scared of crap, on the way.
Well, Brownie Brownie is, but it will put him out of his,
up on, you know, talking crap.
Here's the fact that, as I agree with you,
100% about broke back mountain.
There's a gay man.
Gay.
I thought it was going crazy because everybody around me
is especially the straight people who's bought into the hype.
What a boring piece of garbage.
The movie that you really get attention is Good Night and Good Luck,
which is going to be on DVD in two or three weeks.
I'm going to be the first one to get it.
But it cuts too close now because it says that the people who run TV
and movies are spineless cowards.
Even when it comes to alcoholic senators who are in a closet,
like Joe McCarthy, well said.
The original Mission Impossible is on every weekday.
I'll never get tired of that.
That's a good one for our four-lane Mission Impossible.
That's a good one for our four-lane Mission Impossible.
That's a good one for our four-lane Mission Impossible.
That's a good one for our four-lane Mission Impossible.
That's a good one for our four-lane Mission Impossible.
Let's see. Could you put Monday Python's flying circus on your pole?
That's going to be still running.
There's on PBS.
I guess.
Okay. Well, there you go.
I'm going to find out.
I also can please play G-Hard Rock.
I just got through playing it.
You'll be right for the first time in a long time.
Yeah.
I'll think about it.
It's long though.
It is.
The Andy Griffiths Show.
It says they show this on educational television in the South,
it's John and Columbia.
And of course, they probably get a good education from that.
Yeah, you're not just Whistland Dixie, baby.
I'll tell you.
Andy Griffiths Show.
Got these?
Are we putting these on her?
I just read these over here.
We're going to have a little of both.
Oh.
W-A-M, hello.
I got one for your pole, Neil.
Okay.
Andy Griffiths.
Oh!
That must have been my good friend from Peña, New York.
Wow.
Of course I ain't never been there, but never was there.
I got so many friends.
W-A-M, hello.
That's one of the better ones we had today.
W-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M?
Any of them?
Yes, sir.
Sparrow?
What is it?
Sparrow.
Sparrow.
Okay, he's mumbling.
Okay, the Sparrow.
Okay, so run.
He has speak up, Pally, speak up.
Stand up and be a real man.
Okay, Sparrow's articulate, gesticulate, do something, man.
The Sparrow's.
Ain't never seen one.
Although I still think some are, I got that VHS,
the tape that Bokeh Brown put together,
with the 80,000 Best Ended Disodes,
plus it's on up here like every five minutes.
Right, you tell me it's, I should see it.
I'm not quite as prepared as.
I don't want to see anybody weird.
No, there's no point.
No, it was great.
The last one.
I got all the old ones there, and VHS,
made me go home all over, covered that thing.
We're probably bad.
W-A-M, hello.
Any morning, Pally, I got a show in the pink for you,
all 40 hours.
40 hours.
40 hours, F-A-W-L-T-Y, okay.
Take care, buddy.
Okay, I want to see that.
Faulty, you know how to spell that, J-F-A-W-L-T-Y,
that's why I spelled it correctly.
Yes, he does.
He's over there typing away right now.
Great.
Though you've seen every episode many times,
what TV series would you never get tired of watching?
That's our poll today.
Let's get about 4,000 out of all of it.
I'm serious.
I got to start diving this pool.
And the greatest thing I discovered ever, ever,
y'all.
Well, maybe not the greatest thing, but one of them.
Top five.
Zillow.com.
Yeah, we were both on it last night.
How do you like it?
We were both on it last night.
Zillow.com launched from Wednesday, the latest rage in residential real estate,
customers' clogged the free website with more than 300,000 paid use from three
o'clock at a morning till 10 a.m. temporarily disabled.
The site allows people to find estimates of home values almost anywhere in the nation
that can also compare fluctuations with nearby properties and chart value changes
over 30 days.
530,000.
Or one five or 10 years.
The Seattle based startup, which has information on more than 60 million homes
and bases and estimates on local public records, sales histories and prices of comparable homes.
Other free websites says, home values.com requires users to register before getting information,
but Zillow uses don't have to do anything.
The site was started by Rich Barton, who has expedited the careers of many of travel agents.
Should real estate agents also be worried that folks at Zillow say no, it's really designed to give you a starting point.
If you're not feeling well, you can enter your symptoms and see what you may have.
It's not designed to take the place of worry to the doctor.
See that?
I said.
Zillow, which plans to make money by selling advertising was home buyers educate themselves before contacting the agent.
You just go on there and not only will it tell you how much you just put in your street address in your zip code.
Don't even ever put the city.
And it takes you right to a photo of your hood.
And it shows your house and the ones all around it and it gives you the value like today,
which is kind of shocking by the way, but pretty exciting.
And values of all the homes around you and anywhere you want to look.
And you can go on that graph.
I don't know how much you played around with it and the Zillow too.
Yeah.
But you can compare the property value and the rate that it's increasing compared to other places in your city and in America.
And you can see how much it went up even in the last week how much it went up, which is shocking to me.
I just, I don't understand why.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, I don't know.
I think it's up on the cell.
Here's a fact that says, uh, saw Kinsey last night.
Careful how you read that.
Oh, did you see the guy with a special talent?
I saw it.
I see.
I saw that part.
I saw how that movie already told you.
He completed the full act.
We don't want to, the full Joyce act in 10 seconds.
Yeah, twice as long as I need.
Uh, what do you think of that?
I didn't see Kinsey.
It looked interesting.
I need to start like watching from the beginning because I saw half of it,
but not from the beginning and then they get all right.
Well, I'll tell you what, watch the first half of the broke back and then watch the last half of the movie.
Oh, believe me, you do not want to see this.
I'm begging you.
Do not even think about it.
All right.
I'll go ahead and work.
WQAM.
Hello.
Line one.
Mark it down.
QAM.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay.
Before I get to the meeting, my call for the whole family guy.
Yeah.
Family guy.
Okay.
You don't watch family guys.
No.
Okay, here we go.
Maybe a rock star game because everybody hates my guy.
You know, okay.
So you were in the industry.
You're on a roll.
You were really starting to fan up in.
And I think I left.
But I was thinking, you know, I'm just going to be like, well, how come we lost the...
I mean, I thought we was going to play something interesting.
And then click and away it goes.
Across.
That was a disduring with Ferrell.
We've got Ferrell.
I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, yeah.
Yeah.
The whole, the whole same old stuff, you know.
I'll take your children, a cellum to some Haitians.
What, what, what, what, what, what, what, what?
Or, where we at?
Ah.
Ah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What about often said about talking yourself into something you, you, you can talk a good game.
But you can't talk yourself into ratings or into having an audience like the guys across the street.
You can create all the hoopla and make a lot of noise.
You know, it doesn't accomplish anything now.
Just like all the crap you used to talk about kick and stirons and ask when they were out against each other in New York.
I'll say it again.
Never even came close.
Not even close.
W.A.M. Hello.
I'll go in there.
I'll wait there.
Mark it down.
I want to work this time.
Yes, sir.
Amazing to me.
I have all these people that listen to you and they call and you would think that they hear everyone else talk to you directly and they still ask for you.
Yeah.
Well, they're stupid.
Can't you tell by hearing what they're saying?
Absolutely.
Hey, look, ever, um,
all of those movies that help you out with your pole.
Yes.
I love Lucy's show.
It's already on there.
Oh, I thought they're just going to say that.
I'm going to go and say.
Yeah.
I was just saying, have a good day on the podium.
Oh, okay.
5, 6, 7, 8.
It is a great day.
Hey, listen, this is as good as it gets.
I wonder what that means.
It's sarcastic.
It is a great day.
These are especially that bitch that called in there that's one of your people again.
You move it a little sour and nasty.
Yeah, can you move it?
I like to move you along.
Okay.
Honey, right back on a rubber raft.
Send you to the library.
Publicity minicana.
All those poor sluppers got enough problems with their own.
Blind date.
Says somebody on the fact that blind date.
Okay.
I've seen that a couple of times.
It was a week.
It was all right.
But there, and I see on that kind of a show, why would you want to see it again?
Well, exactly.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
I rate Carbire killed himself on plane.
We had a story yesterday, but we wanted a little more information about it.
And this story by David O'Valley, you know, you're an idiot, David.
And of course, the fact you work at the hero that speaks for itself.
What a jackass.
He was a mild-minded former rock band crew member who spent his past four years
happily running a performing arts center in the North Miami Beach.
Then last week, Jerry, Georgia, became, became to some a consumer hero.
When he plowed his new Ford escape into a dealership Saturday,
then torched about a dozen cars all police said because he felt he got a bad deal.
He became a consumer hero.
Is that the way we looked upon him?
That's not what I was thinking.
Yeah, I was thinking.
Crazy person is what I was thinking.
His sudden notoriety turned tragic when police reported Thursday that
Georgia had a committed suicide the day before hanging himself inside a bathroom
aboard a flight bomb from a Virginia suburb to Washington, L.A.
Oh, maybe he was in Northfolk.
Yeah, maybe he was there with the Marlins.
Where?
Northfolk, Virginia.
Oh.
That's where the Marlins are threatening to go next.
And then they're going to go to Akron and then they're going to go to Penaean.
Friends say they were baffled about his death in the event last week that
put Georgia in his headlines across the country.
In all honesty, I don't know anyone more stable than Jerry who was not to press
at his best friend musician Billy Yeager.
I was at his house for Christmas.
We played golf the next day.
His body was discovered inside the laboratory about 420 pm aboard the United
Flight 209 after people noticed he'd been in there too long.
A tent in Sassan-Othuti Secret Service agent to break down the door.
Georgia's five foot nine inch body dangled from a piece of his own clothing.
He was hung.
The flight was ever been written.
But the show where Georgia was taken away local hospital and pronounced dead.
Now, wait till you have this paragraph.
This is what really crossed my ass.
After the leadership incident, Georgia was something of a momentary folk legend.
A Spanish language newspaper columnist praised him for sticking it to the man.
He became a hero on AM talk radio.
He told his best friend a cop on the scene even jokingly said he wish he could do the same thing.
Okay.
Is this the take that any rational person had on that incident?
You get a bad deal and so you drive your vehicle through the show window
and jeopardize the life of the people inside and set cars on fire and act like a crazy person.
And then hang yourself in a plane.
All of these things.
Nice going David O'Valley, whoever you are.
Some stringer for the hero.
You know, getting paid three bucks a column.
And well worth it.
It's a tent of the price.
Speaking of that before the break, federal authorities said they found what they believe is a human skull
in a passenger's luggage at Fort Lauderdale Hollywood International Airport yesterday.
Boy, a lot of strange stuff goes on at that Fort Lauderdale Airport.
Is illegal to travel with bones now?
The woman was on links international airlines flight 203 from Haiti
and said the skull is part of a religion, Santaria, as well as Shatton or if it's illegal to travel with bones.
Customs officials were examining the luggage when they found an FBI official said the skull had dirt around it.
Oh, that's unusual.
You dirty skull.
The proud kind of medical examiner's office is inspecting the skull of tradharmids or origin.
A 30-stiftable woman in the custody, but she hasn't been arrested.
They're unable to say if any law has been broken.
Santaria is an African-based religion similar to Voodoo, which combines the worship of traditional
uroban deities with the worship of Roman Catholic saints.
All a bunch of Hazarai.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.60 Q.A.
Hurricane Spaciball, Sunday nights at King's T-Counted Offending Champion North Carolina Tar Heels at a bank unit,
Hurricane's warm-up scarcer coverage at 7.00.
If you're considering getting 90, you'd be better off with the white men.
Watch the various moments for life.
Q.A.
It's Friday, you best.
Tired of the same old restaurants?
Try the cafeteria, Santaria, of Hylia.
How much is that doggy on the menu?
The one with the barbecue tail?
How much is that doggy on the menu?
I'm sure glad the chef's house of jail.
That's right.
No matter what the weather's like outside, it's always raining cats and dogs at the cafeteria, Santaria, of Hylia.
We'll make your stomach stop growling and make your neighbor's pit bull stop doing the same thing.
Talking about delicious.
Mmm-mm. Your meal is always fresh.
We kill it right on the premises.
For a heavenly meal at a sacrifice price, it's the cafeteria, Santaria.
Try it once. You'll eat there religiously.
How much is that doggy on the menu?
The one with the barbecue tail?
I'm going to tell you right now, Mark this down 11-18 Friday from where the temp is.
As long as there's a democratic party,
the fascism will always be alive and well in America.
These are the biggest bunch of wins.
Frank Lottonberg, who I thought had a pair of balls, a Democrat from New Jersey.
He's on air supposedly interrogating Brownie Brown.
And he goes through this long son of dance about, well, I was in WWII.
We weren't always able to protect everybody.
And you're not here to be the scapegoat to a juror for anybody else.
And you were trying your hardest and blah, blah, blah, blah.
Oh, thank you, Senator.
And it's just a suck fest. That's all.
Forgetting about the fact that this man had absolutely no experience was totally unqualified.
It was another one of these plum jobs, given it another crony.
That's all it was. And people's lives were at stake.
Well, this guy was pretending he didn't know there was anybody in the convention center
and the yadi, yadi, yadi, and more worried about what kind of,
you know, where he was going to have dinner and what kind of shirt he was wearing
and his haircut and how he was going to look at all this other BS.
Totally completely unqualified.
And the democratic party continued to be in the biggest bunch of whims and whistles.
You can blame all the fascists all you want.
But there's no barrier. There's nobody stopping them.
Oh, you've seen every episode many times,
which TV series will you never get tired of watching?
Signed Phil 178. We got 7.45.
I never going to do a thousand again today.
And Josh is pretty pleased and proud.
I am.
Since in 101, Star Trek 88, all in the family, 76,
South Park 67, and they're still in the closet.
Managed 58, I love loosely 28, cheers 26, Hawaii 5015,
Batman 14, Lawn older 13, NYPD Blue 13,
Kirby and Tuveaathem 12, Friends 12, Honeymooners 9,
Sex in the City 9, Mary Telemorsho 5, Jefferson's 5,
even though what's his name died?
He's still only got 5.
No sympathy votes here.
No empathy man from this audience.
No, nothing.
Cold, cold as ice.
Kojak 4, Family Guy 3, The Sopranos 3, Canon 3.
He's dead too with him, Conrad.
Do they care? No.
Faulty towers too, Andy Griffiths show too.
Monty Python's flying circus too.
One for blind date, Mission Impossible and the Beverly Hill Billies.
I'll ride.
So we got so far.
Vice President Dick Cheney's former Chief of Staff,
Scooter Libby Testified to a Federal Grand jury
that he had been authorized by Cheney.
Another White House superior in the summer of 2003
to disclose classified information to journalists
to defend the Bush administration's use of people or intelligence
and making the case to go to war with Iraq.
According to attorneys from either with the matter
and to court records.
Libby specifically claimed that in one instance
he had been authorized to die of bald persons
that they didn't still highly classified
National Intelligence Estimate regarding
Sodomus Saints purported efforts to develop nuclear weapons.
According to correspondence recently filed in court
by a federal court by a special prosecutor, Patrick J. Fitzgerald.
No relation to Ella.
Beyond what was stated in the court paper,
say people with firsthand knowledge of the matter,
Libby also indicated what he will offer as a broad defense
during his upcoming criminal trial.
The Vice President Cheney and other senior Bush administration
officials had earlier encouraged and not encouraged and authorized him
to share classified information with journalists
to build public support for going to war.
Let me just read that again.
Put the Vice President Cheney and other senior Bush administration
officials had earlier encouraged and authorized him to share
classified information with journalists to build public support
for going to war.
Later, after the war began in 2003,
Cheney authorized Libby to release additional classified information
to police details of the NIE to defend the administration's
use of pre-war intelligence and make the case for war.
How do you like that?
It's a very long story.
It's on our website.
I'm sure it's on there right now as I speak, is it not?
Yeah?
Yes.
I mean, I don't want to read all these articles here one after the other
about Bush being a total liar, but I will anyway.
Democrats don't want to do anything about it.
So, you know, why should I care, right?
Pathetic.
Just Pathetic.
Pathetic.
Pragic.
If you could heard that lot in Berkton, you'd, I don't know what you
weigh already this morning, but I'm going to tell you it would all be
on the table right in front of you right now.
It would have come right back up for an encore for a singlevation.
I mean, how could anybody kiss this man's ass when admittedly he
hadn't got a clue?
Hasn't got a clue.
As a matter of fact, I should probably skip out of this other one here.
In the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, Bush administration officials said they
have been caught by surprise when they were told on Tuesday, August 30th.
That Olivia broke in allowing floodwaters to engulf New Orleans, but see here's that
big butt.
Beckton always sticking its nose in there.
Congressional investigators have now learned that an eyewitness account of the
flooding from federal emergency officials reached the Homeland Security
Department's headquarters starting at 9.27 pm the night before in the White House
itself at midnight.
The FEMA official Marty Baha Monde first heard of a major
living breach Monday morning.
By late Monday afternoon, Mr. Baha Monde had reached a ride on a coast guard
helicopter over the breach at the 17th Street Canal to confirm the extensive
flooding.
Event telephone reports of FEMA headquarters in Washington which notified the
Homeland Security Department.
FYI from FEMA said an email message from the agency's public affairs staff
describing the helicopter flight sent Monday night at 9.27 pm to the chief
of staff of Homeland Security Secretary Michael Churdov, Mickey Churdov,
and recently on Earth by investigators.
Conditions the message said are four more serious than media reports are currently
reflecting finding extensive flooding and more stranded people than they had thought
also a number of fires.
Mickey Brown, downtown Brownie Brown, who was the director of FEMA until he resigned
under pressure, February 12th, September 12th said a telephone interview yesterday
that he personally notified the White House of the news that night,
though he declined to identify the official he spoke to.
White House officials have confirmed to congressional investigators that the report
of the Libby break-around there at midnight and Trent Duffy, the White House spokesman,
acknowledged as much as an interview this week, though he said it was surrounded
with conflicting reports.
But the alert didn't seem to register.
Even the next morning, L. Presidente, Alfred E. Newman, Jr. on vacation in Texas,
was feeling relieved that New Orleans had dodged the bullet as later recalled.
Mr. Churdov, similarly confident, flew to the state of Atlanta for a briefing on
avion flu.
With power out from high winds and movement limited, even news reporters in New Orleans
remained unaware of the forced-ended Libby breaches until Tuesday.
The federal government let out a sigh of relief when in fact it should have been
sounding an all-hands-on-decker on the investigators have discovered.
The chain of events along with dozens of other critical flashpoints in the hurricane
between Asagha has for the first time been laid out in detail following five months of work
by two congressional committees that have assembled nearly 800,000 pages of documents.
Testimony interviews from more than 250 witnesses.
Investigators now have the documentation to pinpoint some of the fundamental errors
and oversight that combined to produce what is universally agreed to be a flawed
government response to the worst natural disaster in modern American history.
On Friday, Mr. Brown is a, well, we know he's a butterbeak, but a movement they're sucking is a, but.
There is no question in my mind at the highest levels of the White House,
they understood how grave the situation Mr. Brown said in the interview.
The problem he said was the handicapping of FEMA when it was turned into a division of
Homeland Security in 2003. The real story is with this new structure he said,
why weren't more things done, or what prevented or delayed Mike Brown from being able to do
what he would do and would have done and doing any other disaster.
Right, part of it being that he was totally unqualified and incoherent, that's part of it.
But now he's covering his own ass and maybe that's a good thing.
Maybe he's going to put their ass out there in the line, where it belongs.
And the Democrats are going to say, well, we know the president wouldn't intentionally let anybody drown or...
Right, right, yeah, right. He'd hold their head under...
Oh, what the hell?
Basically, on chocolate people there who don't vote for Republicans anyway.
God. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and he provides them a single to the world.
So I just interspersed these 800 stories I got about the bush people being a bunch of liars,
not that we don't already know that. And the Democrats being a bunch of sissy's.
How many QAAM hello?
Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? All right.
You know, Neil, there's no difference between these two parties.
And in all political theater, they're showing us.
Yeah, it's all about the crap.
Nothing's going to happen till maybe four or five years down the road when we go through a depression.
And then the third party's going to come out and then the Democrats are going to block that third party.
They're both worthless and we're in big trouble.
Well said. I'll wish you best of luck up here. I'll say a prayer for you.
Thank you.
Okay, I'll wave at you across the Ambassador Bridge next time I'm in Detroit with my good friend. It's a Super Bowl.
Oh, man, I don't know. I don't know what they're smoking today, but you sure got left out.
Hey, I'm right here talking about this guy. I'm talking about that first hour.
Greenhaker is funny. It's just okay. Jeff.
I'm going to get that on there right away.
Don't get porky about it.
What are you doing? Libertman speaking of getting porky.
I'm not really taking a different position. I always wanted to answer the question.
And we're looking at video. Yeah. Oh, yeah. We don't know who's that. What are we looking at video tape?
But what's that is somebody? Oh, there's probably your presence getting on. Yeah. Air Force one.
Feet to the House Republican conference.
Now, I'm sure we'll have to preempt a city hearings on Katrina would you know,
a small propaganda for your president because he's got his own show now every day.
Whatever time he wants.
This is new Roger.
This is 5.62.8.
Everyone see it's 3.30. Talk. NDA and Miami. He basketball with the voice.
Eric Reed exclusively on sports radio 5.60. 2 a.m.
You got to take the thing up and take the day.
Welcome into a nostril for something green.
Oh, she's a North picker. She's digging down. Don't flick it at me.
Her thing is my eyes. She's a no big.
I can do it.
She's a no big.
She's a no big.
Take it.
On a single girl.
You know, I'm gonna.
I'm gonna.
She's a no big.
I can do it.
I don't believe that.
That's just too much horse and around there.
I think I say in case sailors.
I mean, right.
We're going to move it along.
No 5.6705.60.
Count 5.60 on the Verizon singular wireless line.
Curtis at 2.5.
I'm a 5 dog from gaspies in Davie 4.
Len and Troy.
Lenia Kravitz.
And Troy Aikman.
7 o'clock tonight.
Edike 10 o'clock.
WDQ-I-M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Can you give me a big favor?
Maybe.
Probably not.
Play the geodarok for me, Mike.
No.
See, he sent the facts and that wasn't it.
Now, now he's got a call in and the started.
You still got a squeaky, whiny voice and get a life, okay?
Maybe if he sends a letter.
Yes.
Send a certified letter, okay?
And then we'll consider it.
We'll pass it by the committee.
George will take it up with Joe Bell.
It is a big lunch on Monday.
See if Joe approves.
5.6705.60 will call Joyce.
There she'll say.
No.
WDQ-Company- who-a-m- hello.
Hey, I just need to know the website you were talking about earlier.
It's called VLO.com.
Zillow.
Oh, it's- so that's- what is it again?
Zillow.
Zillow.
Like-
Z-I-L-L-O-W-D-D-I-Compat.
It's the worst thing yet.
What is it?
Like pillow-
Yeah, pillow-Zillow.
Z-I-L-O-W-D-I-C-D-I-C-R-S, great.
Thank you very much.
You bet.
It is so interesting, man.
It's enough to make you want to pee in your pants.
It's just- I can't believe it.
I mean, you just punch in, here it is right here.
Zillow.com.
Punch in your address in your zip code.
Don't even have to put the city.
Just zip code.
And but I bing.
And I'll normally show you how much your property is estimated value right now.
But the chart, you know, over the past however long you want to have the chart,
right or ten years, whatever.
And how much it increased in value or decreased in the last week,
and your next door neighbors, and across the street, and down the road,
and all this other stuff, and who's doing home and whatever.
Fabulous.
See every now and then we find something good on the Internet.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Not there.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, you knew.
Yes, sir.
How are you, buddy?
Okay.
You know what makes me sick?
What makes you sick, sir?
That freaking president of ours flying around the country and F-Boars won,
and we're paying for his fuel, his salary, and everything else for that.
Fuel-Boars.
More than every minute.
5670560, pound 560.
That guy sounded really agitated and angry, didn't he?
Arrrgh!
Now, American public is just, you know, they're in Lollah Land.
Just like Diana said in the network, which I still say is the most significant
movies ever made, one of the most prescient movies ever made,
even O'Josh's two ignorant to understand it.
5670560, and it wasn't interesting, it was the Saudi deal.
We want the Saudi deal, stop now.
Who did Mall?
Huh?
To stop the Saudi deal.
Howard Beeler, the Democrats.
Coincidence.
They were, I need deep in telegrams.
They were, what do you say?
They were like drowning in telegram, something like that, remember that?
Uh-huh.
The Saudi deal.
And that was 72 was the year for that, for now we're 72 or 74 or 76.
One of those, take your pick, I'm not sure.
That's 72.
Huh?
I thought it was 72, but.
Early 70s.
Over 30 years.
I could find a good man.
I had this time, petty jaski.
And here we are, mired in the same crap today, being prisoners of oil.
And just like Ned Bady said, there is no Russia, and there is no U.S., there are, there are, there, it's, there are only, IBM and Exxon and, uh,
70,000.
70,000.
70,000.
Like I said, it's like, I covered my hand.
Hold it in the box right now.
The world is a business, Mr. Vio.
We don't count.
You're insignificant.
People don't want to hear that.
Nobody cares about your life, you're insignificant.
The world is a business.
We got the biggest trade deficit in American history.
Right this second, right this moment.
We've got the unbelievable spending money like it's being coming out of a faucet somewhere.
Took the largest, largest surplus in history of this country and turned into the biggest deficit in like a couple of years.
And in the, you can get the deficit.
And the business about the war in Iraq, well guess what?
Who started that?
Who invented that?
Well, people are drowning and starving and homeless and running around, shluck and trying to find, you know, a way to put their life back together.
We're going, couldn't care less.
These are not the constituents.
These are not my, uh, base, as he said in that movie.
That movie should have been on the podium today, Fahrenheit now, right?
Let's do it.
Because every time it comes on, I can't shut it off.
Little school kids, old grandmas, people in swaddling clothes, everybody from coast to coast and pillar to coast, should be forced to watch said movie 24-7, 25-8, round and round the clock.
And they watched it and they still went out there and voted for a bozo for a lying sack of crap.
Well, these some of them did and then not enough of them did, so they fixed the result again.
Two fixed presidential elections in the world and the public is like, BROOM-O-G, Kelly Clarkson would go a big hit out there now.
Kelly Clarkson, my ass.
I was speaking about that very man.
I think what did I just say the other day?
I was challenging Josh to give me an artist who's going to be, you know, in the last few years.
Going to be remembered for their music for a long, long time, like all these people from the 50s and 60s and 70s.
Couldn't do it, could you?
Not one.
And you want to know what the proof is of that?
What, how, how, mediocrity is where it's at.
Mediocrity, that's what America's all about now.
Striving as mediocre as they want to be.
Your president, the crowd will only wish he was mediocre. That would be a big improvement.
Very manolo.
You're fairy.
Top the US top charts for the first time in a really 29 years this week with an album of Top Evergreens,
released in time for Valentine's Day.
That's enough. I don't know what makes me more sick than movie that you forced me to watch yesterday.
Mm-hmm. Or...
No, you had good intentions. You sent me a bootleg coffee there and believe me.
Hey, look with all the money.
You know something?
I, you know me, I don't drink.
Even if I wanted to, I couldn't be in that, BBs.
But, right. That was enough to start.
I was ready to hit the ball.
What would you drink if you drank?
Milk shake.
Probably one of them from Arbys.
White zinfadone.
And do you make your shakes from Arbys?
Mm-hmm. And anyway, I don't know what's worse.
That movie, Bear Ass Mounding, or Very Manolo,
which I'm sure he's got plenty of experience at that.
Correct him.
Oh, God. Yeah, little bit of the song.
Yeah, little bit of the song.
The greatest songs of the 50s featuring versions of such tunes as Unchained Emellity and Love is a Many Splintered Thing sold 156,000 copies in the weekend in February 5th.
His loan prior chart topper came in July 77 with the double LP Live.
Very Live. His last album, The Score, is songs from Copa Cabana and Harmony released on the Concord Jazz label,
Picked at number 47 in 2004.
And now he's number one.
Very freaking Manolo.
It's not only a genuine thrill to see the album enter the charts at number one.
It came on to charts at number one. It came on at number one.
You hear that? Yeah, what about it?
But it's truly an historic occasion for both of us at a statement from a wrist-a-restor records founder, Clive Davis,
who first worked with Manolo in 74 in the Grammy nominated Mandy.
Oh, and if you're going to play Mandy right now, I'm going to upchuck my bacon from this morning.
Oh, uh, uh, uh, added Manolo.
I've had some pretty amazing experiences in my career, but this one tops them all.
I swear if you live long enough, anything is possible.
Mary J. Blige's Breakthrough Jump 2 spots number two.
And it's been dueling for number one honors with, with, oh.
Jamie Foxx's Unproducible was slipped to number four.
Jamie Foxx, can he say?
No, or what?
It's a matter of fact.
Yeah, I just got your plan.
See, I had it on the list before. It's a lot easier as you know.
Oh, God.
Somebody ought to be in prison for allowing it to be.
She takes the frame.
There you are. There you go.
Yeah, that's the good version.
Isn't.
I'm sure it's better than when he recorded.
So there you go.
George Bush, very Manolo.
Uh, Bear Ass Mountain is allegedly the number one movie ever.
Or if it's not that, it's a constant gardener, which will make you constantly wonder
how to hand you've got sucked into watching it.
Oh, my God.
America, where are you?
Not the good name for a book.
Why would I write that book to dummy if America, but it's way too late for that.
But America, where are you?
Like a bunch of lost children's man.
What did I ever happen?
Twenty-till noon at QAM.
What is this happy with?
You're the only one.
Yeah.
Miss is to see QAF.
Where did you learn your trade, you idiot?
Whoever told you that you could work with men, what you're hired for is to help us.
Does that seem clear to you?
To help us?
To help men who are going out there to try to earn a living?
You company man.
You ferry.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
I've been half of the city of Atlanta.
I write the song.
I've got a heart girl, the size of Yom Khrus.
When I get a stuffed up nose, I need to stand here holding.
But now I'm on the case.
My life is back in place.
And so I'm singing again and singing.
My smiles in your face got a no-shape like a banana.
My two fans both live in my shadow.
Got a no-shape like a banana.
Oh, my no-shape could fit half of the city of Atlanta.
I write the song.
He's number one, baby.
He's a hit.
You heard it.
Okay, Frank and Melbourne says,
and Miami Vice, your poll, the Best Show Ever.
Miami Vice.
Let's hear it.
All right.
Got it.
All right.
Best Show Ever, he said.
Yeah, I think I saw half of one episode.
There we go.
Okay, anyway, let's say it's important to bush-lice.
I mean, some stuff.
And it wasn't I on this, like, Stink on Great Yesterday,
after he made that idiotic speech.
What did I say?
I had my finger right there in the middle of it.
Bracket.
With pressure mounting on the White House to move more,
to more fully explain its anti-terrorism strategy,
President Bush offered new details yesterday.
A reported plot against downtown LA is evidence
of success in boiling attacks.
Federal officials have revealed two years ago
they believed Al Qaeda operatives in West Coast follow-up
to the 9-11 attacks had planned to hijack an airliner
and question what was then called the Library Tower.
But Bush offered new specifics in his speech designed
a boost support for his national security policy
said yesterday that the terrorist operatives
planned to use shoe bombs to reach the cockpit door.
He said 9-11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed had recruited
and trained young Asian men to carry out the plot
because the suspicions of Arabs were running high,
but that the plan was the rail
when a Southeast Asian nation arrested a key Al Qaeda operative.
Bush didn't name the nation or the operative
but his decision revealed even the most incremental details
of the reported plot underscored the effort the White House has undertaken
recently to defend its anti-terrorism policies.
The details did little to counter skepticism from Democrats
and some law enforcement officials who have questioned whether
the reported scheme had ever been put into operation before was thwarted.
It didn't go, said one US official familiar with the operational
aspects of the war on terrorism.
It didn't happen.
The official said he believed the Library Tower plot
was one of many Al Qaeda operations that hadn't gone much past the conceptual stage.
The officials spoke on condition of anonymity saying that those
familiar with the plot feared political retaliation
from providing a difficult characterization of the plan
than that by the President, the lies from the President.
Mayor Antonio Villagorosa, whatever his name is, said he was stunned.
That's the LA mayor stunned that Bush revealed details
of the reported terrorist plot without first relaying the information
to the city officials.
Feligosa said local authorities had heard some of the new information Wednesday
from California domestic security officials, but not as specifically
mentioned by Bush in his speech, which was carried nationally on cable TV,
on propaganda TV.
I would have expected a direct call from the White House, said
Valerie Gosset, a Democrat during a City Hall news conference.
We should have been wearing the details much before today.
We did not all know all the facts.
The mayor sought to reassure residents that LA was safely
said the police and fire departments had taken precautions
at high-rise buildings, including one single life by Bush.
Feligosa said police had specifically evacuated security and evacuation
plans at the U.S. bank tower.
This I evacuate evaluated, and both.
There was no imminent threat to LA.
The mayor said flanked by police and fire officials.
Critics yesterday accused Bush of reaching far back into time as part
of a public relations ploy to maintain focus on his battle against terrorism
and issued that continued to win in public approval.
Bush's key political strategies, Carl Rove, said last month that Republicans,
in this year's elections, would seek a way to paint Democrats
as exhibiting a pre-Ni-11 mentality while programs such as the warrant list
of the president's toughness.
Representative Brad Sherman described Bush's features a political stunt
meant to draw attention from the mounting criticism of the NSA's
warrantless wiretapping program and other questions about administration tactics.
I can't think of a governmental reason to disclose these details at this time
to the general public.
Clearly, the goal was to create headline, said Sherman,
whom monitor security matters as the ranking Democrat on the House of Committee
on International Terrorism and Non-Poor Organization.
And as long as the bastards, these fascists have got the coldly willing
and enthusiastic cooperation of the talking head fascist networks,
he's going to be on their everyday spewing lies and propaganda
and covering his dumb ass.
You can bet on it.
Speaking of ass.
Yeah?
Don't ask, I won't tell.
Oh.
A Long Island pastor was charged yesterday with sexual abuse in his three daughters.
Hmm.
A Long Island pastor was charged yesterday with sexually abuse in his three daughters
at their Queens home allegedly having intercourse with the eldest of the three teenage girls twice a week
for four and a half years.
Oh my God.
Queens' District Attorney Richard Brown.
Oops.
Said that's his name.
Alright.
Said the pastor was arrested and charged with four counts of incest,
two counts of endangering the welfare of a child,
and two counts of sexual abuse in the second degree.
News days withholding the identity of the pastor to protect his daughter's privacy.
What allegedly happened to these children is every child's and every mother's worst nightmare,
Brown said, even after the physical abuse has stopped,
the consequences of sexual assault for victims are profound
and can result in emotional trauma from which they may never recover.
Between July 2001 and January,
the pastor had sexual intercourse with his eldest daughter,
who now is about 19, about twice a week.
Between September 2004 and June 2005,
he allegedly sexually abused his two younger daughters,
17 times.
At the time both were less than 14 years old.
Kevin Ryan, a spokesman for Brown said the abuse,
came to light after the eldest daughter confided in a cousin,
who then told an uncle, who then told your mama.
Eventually, he worded out around to the girl's mother.
She passed it by Bupus and down the pipeline.
The pastor was arrested shortly after midnight,
was awaiting a wait-and-a-quince criminal court date late last night.
He couldn't be reached for comment.
What comment would he make?
What comment?
I've got a comment.
A Manhattan minister who said he knew the pastor through a church organization
called a warm and gracious person.
The whole thing is very sad to hear the minister.
A warm and gracious person, just like that eternal clown John Wayne JC.
That's right.
He's always the life of the party.
There's a large real laugh riot.
God.
5670560, pound 56 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
Though you've seen every episode at the Zidium Times,
what TV series would you never get tired of watching?
We have 845 on the pole.
That's kind of weak, you know.
Now, actually, I didn't put this one on this one midnight last night.
That's why.
See, that's why it's still a little short.
Still short.
My sign fell 201.
Simpson's 111, start track 95, all in the family 79.
South Park 72, mass 62.
Cheers 28.
I love loosely 28.
Hawaii 5017, Batman 15, law and odor 14.
Herbianthusiasm 14, NYPD Blue 13, honeymoon is 11.
Family guy 10, modipython flying circus 10.
Sex in the city 9, soprano 7, 40 towers 6, the anti-graphics 05,
Mary 10, or show 5, the Jefferson's 5, still soulmate,
they think, oh, chinkley, in spite of the fact that Tom whatever his name was died.
The next to the upstairs neighbor, Tom Willis, who was murdered at the Roxy,
a Foxy Roxy.
And that's right.
She is Lenny Kravitz's mother.
Right, we talked about that.
Blind date 4, Kojak 4, Canon 3, green acres 2, Miami vice 1,
Solomite Uno, mission impossible one, and the Beverly Hillville is still at 1 out of 8.51.
I'm sure we'll have like thousands of additional shows on here by the time we're through, aren't we?
Thousands.
Probably a guy with the eyes will call in for the partridge family.
Well, we could just put it on right now.
Don't come.
Dominic Q.A.M., hello.
Oh, yeah, I bought the octubl for your poll.
How about it?
And George Bush is listening to this?
Yeah, he is.
Well, at least you got a little bit of motion.
Let's go.
That's a good start.
Okay, it's excellent.
Because like Howard Beale said, I don't know what to tell you to do.
But first you got to get mad.
Remember that?
Yeah.
First you got to get mad.
I don't know what you can tell you about the Russians who they are.
Crime is mad at hell.
I don't know what they think of any Russians.
Listen to me.
Television is not the truth.
So turn off your television sets.
Turn them off right in the middle of the scene.
Absolutely.
Right.
Somebody pick up Howard, please.
Be a line.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't.
Dominic Q.A.M., hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Speaking.
Yeah, I got one for you, Paul.
Yeah.
Family guy.
Family guy.
Think I do it.
Somebody said that and nobody put it on there.
Okay, thanks.
Now we did not put it on there.
Josh was busy eating again or something as I just read it.
Well, you, you see it?
I remember you just reading it.
It's got 10 votes.
Come on Josh, get with it.
Yeah, we need to start now again.
It's on there.
It's got 10 votes.
Sliker.
Yeah.
By the way, all your stories are there for you.
Sweet.
And they're good.
You're good to go as they say.
Good to go.
It's going out.
To the big old segment.
Just like when you had too much food the other day,
you were both good to go.
And dids, ma'am.
Yeah, we had to.
Although that started it way before the day before.
Yeah.
Well, I was starting with a melting pot.
No, no, it started before the melting pot.
That just went on.
We've heard things along.
I don't know what inspired it, but something.
Waiter, later today we'll get our sloppy sausage.
Oh, yeah.
I forgot that you're going to go over.
You get a sloppy sausage today from Bob and down the maker?
Yeah, both of the, uh, talk about it.
You're advertising, working.
You're talking sloppy sausage all the time that have to have them.
Well, there's nothing like a sloppy sausage.
That's what I heard.
That's what they said in the movie I just watched.
Yeah, I'm about to find out.
If you tune in late, don't watch Bear Ass Mountain.
It's not the amount.
He's okay.
It's a piece of crap.
And I seriously, I think that part of it is not even really relevant.
It's like that has nothing to do with anything.
It's just nothing.
I mean, they're not even like friendly up there in the mountains.
You know, just because they've done a couple of things there.
They don't make them with good buddies.
Well, they were roughwriters.
Yeah, obviously, especially a heat ledger.
That's what, uh, what's your name?
Michelle Wiggum said the same thing.
That was, you know, that was so sad.
And of course, obviously the message was that he, you know,
I mean, but that's been done in movies before with the back.
I know that I understand them.
And it was so gratuitous.
It's such a piece of garbage, man.
It just makes me, but then again, it's very man-a-low.
It can be number one.
You know, why not?
Right.
Why not?
As mediocre as they want to be, the great American desperate search for mediocrity.
And guess what?
We found it.
Oh, yeah.
W-A-Q-A-M. Hello.
Hello.
Hi, Dr. Neal.
Speaking.
Neal, I heard Saraldus morning.
Yeah.
He's not serious.
Yeah, he starts at, uh, five to eight tonight.
Yeah.
He got married.
Didn't you hear that?
And I didn't know how poor baby boy, I feel sorry for her baby.
I heard, oh boy.
I feel real sorry.
That's always me.
Yeah.
They can play an old phone bit for me.
Maybe.
Who's that kid that called and he kept laughing when he kept hitting that gay button?
That was a riot when that kid was laughing.
This is it.
This is you, isn't it?
In this Reverend Jones?
No.
Or you one of his boyfriends?
No, this is not him.
Jesus.
I George apologized.
They were like, oh, they have a great weekend.
Sorry, George, such a, everybody's Reverend Jones, okay?
No.
And you're my bear, and that's because you're gay.
Right.
Cut it out.
You wish.
What do you want to hear?
What is that thing he's talking about?
Oh, that's the phone call.
Okay, yeah.
I don't mind playing that.
No, it's not.
That's a fucking old Jackass Reverend Jones's and his 14 boyfriends.
And if George would just put family guy in here, then we'd be right up to date.
This is Neil Rogers.
That's him, though.
This is 5.16.28.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on Q8L.
Do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do
Yeah, your boy say your show it's punishing but your record or something anything
Listen, they still make so I don't care play anything just play anything
I can't stand it!
Why does that be the king of journalism now? Is this being a king?
Sure, that's right. I'm Peter King.
I know I got to interview you. It's a big deal and stuff but that's it.
Can I ask you one thing?
Dead! Who are you?
I think I am Lutel Brain. I'm a spoiled hole.
See?
What is that? The place is on fire!
The hole keeps burning down!
The alley is in the middle of the night.
I'm going late again. I'm going to have the hole in the house.
They were fired and dead like that.
Just like that.
By the way, family guys got 11 votes.
Would you put it on there already?
Please.
Follow the food you showed up.
Yeah.
How's your sloppy sausage?
The sloppy sausage is phenomenal.
Is it sloppy?
Yes, and I'm making a mess.
You need to wear a bib the size of a like a bed sheet.
Wow. Now like what's on it?
Chilly and stuff?
No, it's like it's like a sausage parmesan.
But it's a little bit like instead of having the whole
while the sausage is all the way.
Any of you here?
Or a sausage link?
No, the sausage links but they're chopped up so that you can actually
get your mouth around and easy.
And they brought enough food to feed the Chinese army and it's excellent.
Thanks to John the Baker.
We love you guys.
And I got one of those giant garlic rolls of the size that Josh has had.
Right.
Well, he's got a bigger head than mine.
Also the size of
Kimbobo campers fist you said.
Same as Josh's hand.
Exactly.
5.6705.60.
See at least he eat good anyway.
Be sure and tell Joe Bell on Monday that at least we get to eat good.
Even though you guys are getting paid peanuts.
That's what we work for food.
You're getting paid peanuts and of course the shells make a mess too.
So he's probably not too happy about that.
Be sure and tell him about all the stuff that's gone on.
Oh, man.
He's having all the stuff.
Well, it's got to have to be about a five-part lunch.
I'm going to head up.
I can talk fast.
Yeah, you better.
Be sure and tell him about how we get screwed over all the time
because we don't do a sports show and because well, whatever.
Come in a QAM line one.
Hello.
Yep.
Yes, sir.
Anybody can mention the prisoner?
There you go.
I love that.
I got him all sitting in the other room.
Thanks to George.
That's a good one.
I can watch that over.
Patrick McGuin.
Okay.
Watch out.
Rovers coming.
The prisoner.
Patrick McGuin.
Hey, Patrick.
How you doing?
McGuin.
Yeah, I haven't watched him all again though.
I've watched about five of them.
You sent me that whole set.
And they're sitting in there right now.
By the way, I'm a little...
I don't know.
I shouldn't ask because it's completely new.
You don't have the answer anyway.
I'll make it up.
Remember I bought that new Samsung that with the DVD player
from my TV set for my HDTV?
And it's got this special little connector
or whatever they call I think.
The S video?
No, no, it's the best video.
I thought I was a little funny, but the S video is older than Muthuzla now.
I'm just asking.
No, it's the new connection core,
whatever the thing is that you have to have for HD.
The digital coaxial.
What, yeah, something like that.
But what would you know about it?
Because Josh ain't boy, you're the set yet.
Right.
But the fact is that when the new HD disc are coming,
I guess the easiest way to fight it is by one of them.
And why do I think it should work?
I think it should work.
Because whatever format it is.
It should say what?
It should say what format it is on there.
Well, no, you don't know the father what I'm saying.
In other words, this DVD player was allegedly made to go with my Samsung DVD.
My HD set.
I say following.
Right.
And that's why it's got that adapter thing on it.
And it's a, but the fact that it matter is until they come up with HD DVDs,
the quality is no different.
It's still the same.
Right.
Unless, of course, it's very ass mountain, which is something that looked like it was a shot through 14 places.
Somebody who got it with a handheld camcorder at the back of a theater with the computer.
You know something?
That was an improvement.
For the poll, 77, some said strip.
You got it.
Got it.
77 senses from.
I hate to say this because Jake Grillenhall, you know.
He's not a bad looking guy, at least in the Donnie Darko.
And I was just a little long in the tooth.
But you know, he really looks like.
And he's got to be.
But saying those shoots,
tell these see the whites of their eyes, tell them the white.
No, he looks like Jeff Cohen.
Are you younger?
Don't see that.
Oh, yeah.
You're well.
He just saw this movie with you.
Well, maybe that's the reason you ought to watch it.
See Michelle Williams, a boobies and then watch.
Showing and then have the ways I understand.
Oh, and I haven't got to and half way yet.
Really?
And I don't think he did either.
It could be wrong about that.
But I don't know if she rolls over, maybe.
I see.
No, that no, you got that.
That's he plays the whole.
WQA and hello.
Neil God, happy Friday.
Good man.
How about LA Law for the Paul?
Okay.
And you were talking about the film Making Loves before.
It just came out on DVD.
I can't imagine why that is.
You don't think it has anything to do with the Brokeback Mountain, do you?
No, just a coincidence.
Right.
Just like Bush making it.
And that's me yesterday.
Right, absolutely.
Now, would he use the making law?
Absolutely.
Yeah, sure I did.
No, and if he's a bearback, I'm out in.
No, I did not, but he's a bearback.
He's a bearback.
Yeah, the F-Gear thing is, and that's who I will not do that.
I beg you, save your eyesight.
Those two hours, I might need him someday.
I will do it.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks, bye-bye.
Well, there you go.
Making Loves just came out with Michael Lomkeen and Harry Hamlin.
And Kate Jackson.
Harry Hamlin?
Harry Hamlin.
Harry Hamlin.
And Marvin Hamlin.
I tell you, there's a guy that really bugs me as Marvin Hamlin.
I don't know what it is.
I just can't stand him.
Do I know who that is?
Huh?
I don't know who that is.
Marvin Hamlin.
Mr. Pianist.
What was I?
He did the Jazz.
What was that song?
That Scott Joplin's song?
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The end of the song, the end of the song.
The other day.
Do you know who that is?
With the glasses, the real geeky looking guy.
I do.
Oh, very Jewish.
How about this?
I guess this is right out.
Arbor Hamlish.
What did that mean?
What did that mean? Guess who this is.
That's it.
I made it.
WQAM. Hello.
QAM.
Hey Neil, how are you sir?
Okay.
I get a little idea.
Since George says make much money as you say.
And I don't know if anybody who doesn't like George in the radio
or hard-hurtish for that fact.
How about making a very small circle of friends?
How about splitting most tastes between a buzz and getting George an hour and Curtis an hour?
Oh right.
Very good. That's a thought.
There you go. And most of them they can make a little bit more money
because both everybody loves them.
Next time.
Okay. That was funny. Thanks.
Here you go. There's your answer.
Talk to a present-tested Joe Bell. Make a presentation on Monday.
That's the most money. That's pretty good.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think he was making a few bucks.
Absolutely.
But nevertheless, plus he could pay it off to the middle of March.
No more.
And you might also find out who's going to be doing to it before.
I'd, you know, and like, you have to be stringed.
I can't stop. It's neurotic repetition.
It's just like Heath Ledger with that whole deal.
You know, that whole neurotic repetition.
Have to stop. Must stop.
I don't care what they put on.
I'm not involved in the 20 hours of the day.
You know, it's all sports.
Do whatever you guys want.
And with my blessing, I'll promote it enthusiastically and heartily
and verbally and even if I can't stand it.
Whatever it is.
Arad.
Well, I mean, yeah, I don't want to get involved because they don't.
They will never listen to anything I tell them because I know nothing is.
Always been there. When there always will be, especially at this radio station.
I know nothing. Well, it's about 20-figure to that.
Okay. Thank you.
W-D-Q-A-N. Hello.
Yeah. How are you doing?
Excellent.
Good. This and for the four of our men and children.
Great.
Great children. There you go.
Listen, a couple of things.
The reason why Bush keeps doing these things taking them out,
and nobody says nothing.
What do you think?
When H.A.D. knew when he said he suggested there was political.
So he did that on the national convention for the Democrats.
Yeah.
The Republicans were just ready to see the reaction.
And all the Democrats weren't against being.
So there's a real life of them to keep doing it.
They're the people who do it and they keep working.
So the Democratic Party of the Antichrist man,
whether that's the hand-full of exceptions, they make me want to put.
We're taking this video.
I don't know if you know what I want to download the Firefox thing.
I don't know how.
Like you just press the download button and that's it.
That's it.
And you can say that you can give me the Microsoft Explorer.
I can't get that thing.
It's the devil.
Do you have to hide it when you put Peter?
No.
Well, yeah, you do.
You can't get rid of it.
No, it's in there when you buy it.
It's a Bill Gates, the Antichrist.
Six-six-six is on the serial number.
And Bill Grace is that.
No matter what you try to do, you can't get rid of it.
Yeah, well, I just don't know how to choose the Firefox as a Microsoft Explorer.
Well, what do you mean you don't know how to choose?
I caught on your desktop and you click on that instead of explore.
Yeah.
Yeah, just don't ever use anything.
Yeah, the opposite is there to use it.
Make it your default browser onto the option.
Oh, okay.
I love you guys.
Bye-bye.
That's okay.
Come in the next one, Tech Talk.
We'll tell you how to clean your attach.
That's right.
How do I do anything?
How to wipe whatever it is you need to know?
For today's poll, oh, here's a list.
Oh, boy.
Monk.
Say it elsewhere.
And so, don't drop it.
I can't wait until the initial comes on Body Wars.
So, Therald was on the steering show this morning.
Said, I was on the boy with no Rogers and we dominated the market.
I didn't realize it was a team effort.
No need to do it to anybody else.
I understand you were the Dominaitrix.
Yeah.
He is so, I don't even say it.
There's a lot of people out there who are dazzled by his BS and by the gravity voice.
Yeah.
I never know.
Yeah.
He left me limp.
And, you know, I've never encountered anybody.
The only person even closed him was like Alex Bennett.
Only Alex Bennett was in Constantly in a hallucinatory state except Florida.
But he's one of those people that you just couldn't talk to him.
I mean, he'd come in in the morning.
I'd be getting ready to do my show and he did a show in the other studio there.
He'd come in doing a break and like, and I would say something to him.
And he would be like, and he would still be mad on the way out.
He would listen to a word I told him.
And I would try to get him a little lie down.
And they'd try to steer him in the right direction.
And he'd steer his own ass right out the door.
He has everywhere he has ever been.
Now, the luxury he's got now been unsurius.
I mean, he's probably not going to get canned for language or whatever.
Although I noticed there, from what I'm reading, they're tipped towing the line
because they're still under a lot of dress, you know, that pink dress.
But he just has a death wish this guy.
You know, in addition to which I don't know what I don't really know what the act was there except that they'd pack hands and the big D and the big.
Isn't that basically, isn't that summing up in about a half dozen words?
Is there anything I'm missing?
A lot of somebody who listened.
Yeah.
They were the first to know.
No, I don't know.
No, it was not a sports show.
Whatever it was.
Crazy. You're absolutely.
And I think that this guy did the Atlanta Tractors hockey play by play for a season.
I just, I'm trying, I know we had some audio on that once upon a time.
And I played it that was just a gassed.
And by the way, those clips from Heldy lately, he's starting to make some inroads.
He sound pretty good.
It's kind of hard to pick and choose when they're just like clips, you know.
But at least he says sound good.
I think I booked the muffler a little bit.
Always leave it to me.
It is Len Healy.
That time, one on one was the best player in the world.
Here you go.
Clearly Len Healy.
Lows he go a good commentator.
12 minutes.
No, let's get to the hockey and test story here in my pile.
That Vetsky story.
That's a great headline in front of New York Post.
As much of a crappy, a New Rupert Murdoch rag of a newspaper that is, it's, they may have some interesting crap.
Especially the front page.
Vetsky.
With a big ski nose.
Needle always hanging out there.
Well, look at this.
W-H-O launches anti-bird flu campaign in Nigeria.
Just kill all the birds, okay?
Shoot a bird for Jesus.
Or flip a bird for a bush.
God, he just makes me want to vomit.
That'd be good, Paul.
What makes you feel better?
Bear and Cray.
I'm sorry I brought it up and it's your fault because you don't want to send me the copy of that movie.
If you wouldn't send me that, I never would have watched an hour.
And I wouldn't have talked about it.
There would be no way.
Move it along.
Yeah, move it along.
I'm going to think a little how much money you have to hold on.
Get off of this bag stuff already.
Yeah.
And let me say it again.
That part of the story is quite frankly, you know, if you can even get that far, it's not that significant.
Because unless something materializes later on that I miss, I mean, there isn't even a slightest like a handshake.
When they leave at the end of the summer up there in the woods, man, and all that cheap hurting, and all that rolling around in the tent.
There's not, and then when he said make some comment about pitching the tent, that was as far as I can imagine.
Yeah.
No, seriously, there's not even a slightest bit like a wink, a smile, a smirk, like pat on a back, like, hey, sure, with a lot of fun.
Let's do it again sometime, or let's just forget about it.
Whatever, you know, he didn't even say it was the booze.
It was the whiskey.
That's a good excuse.
I mean, even Emil Hurr said it was the, well, no, he didn't say it, maybe they both said it was the ecstasy.
Remember they both said it?
Right, yes.
Or I think what he said is it was like ecstasy.
12, 14 at 5, 60, WDQAM.
Okay, Valentine's Day is coming up on Tuesday.
The last thing you want to do is spend the, this weekend shopping.
So here's a great idea.
Send a pajama grant.
A pajama grant was the perfect way to spoil your wife or girlfriend, or both, and give them exactly what they're looking for.
She'll receive the best pajama delivered in a hand box.
She'll level on with a lavator sachet, a gift card, and a do not disturb sign all for free.
Setting a pajama grant only takes a few minutes, but she'll think you spent a month finding it.
Shop online at pajamagram.com or call 1-800-GIV-PJs.
Find all the top brands from company to sexy.
Great bath and body gifts too.
All that spa stuff that women just love.
Plus the packaging is amazing so you don't have to wrap it.
A pajama grant is the perfect gift.
Investible, they'll think of you every time they put them on.
Women want to be pampered and this is a gift that you'll both love Valentine's Day.
The rest is still guaranteed.
So call 1-800-GIV-PJs or visit pajamagram.com right now.
That's pajamagram.com.
Be sure and tell me Neil told you to call 1-800-GIV-PJs.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5-16-Q-A-S.
This is Randy West.
And as for our phone conversation, I talked to Peter North here today.
He tells me your real name is Neil Down.
And he's still ain't interested.
Oh, oh she's sleeping there with a little teddy bear now.
Inside her closet my pants are down.
I've been here all night hoping she'll wake up.
I just hope that her daddy doesn't come in.
And you know he's gonna kick me out of his closet.
Oh, her alarm clock just went off.
She'll be up soon.
Oh, she just woke up and she's straight to her arms out.
Oh, oh, I'm looking at it through this closet.
And I hope her daddy doesn't walk in because she's only a minor.
She's eight years old, my favorite kind.
And I've been watching her all night.
And I know that if a daddy walks in he's gonna be upset.
Get out of this closet.
Oh, no, he's close.
Wake up, wake up honey.
It's time to go to breakfast.
Oh, no, he just opened up the closet.
But our Kelly, he's spent a hell of a lot of time in the closet, isn't he?
Him and Tommy Cruz and John Revolta.
Oh, the same thing.
I enjoyed that tremendously.
I'm passing that around and making sure that everybody gets to see that top part of the store.
As opposed to this awful movie.
What are you doing?
So the public service.
Sloppy sausage, do you have any things to do with John De Baker that is just...
See, I feel lucky.
I got mixed emotions about it because I know one had probably been a diabetic coma binder.
Between the melting pot and the John De Baker.
So you guys gonna enjoy it and we can all...
Oh, develop about it.
We'll make the yummy sounds.
Right.
On the snacking sounds like Mr. Ego.
Would there any peppercorns on it?
No.
Well, I would.
Abraham Offs is, he met Bush almost a dozen times.
Not more lies, huh, from the White House?
Oh, jeez.
Jack Abraham Offs said in correspondence made public yesterday that President Bush made him almost a dozen times
this beauty White House claims lies that Bush did not know the former lobbyist at the center of the corruption scandal.
Right.
The guy saw me almost a dozen settings and joked with me about a bunch of things including details of my kids.
Perhaps he's forgotten everything who knows Abraham Offs wrote an email to Kim Eisler,
National Editor for the Washingtonian magazine.
Abraham Offs said Bush also once divided into his Texas ranch.
Maybe he was gonna be there with the Taliban guys, or maybe with Banned Our Bush or both.
The messages are made public by the American Progress Action Fund, a liberal activist group.
Eisler confirmed the accuracy to Reuters but said he didn't intend them to become public.
They reflect the feeling of frustration.
He has not just with Bush, but with all these vimes, guys claim they didn't even know him.
It's kind of like Kenny Boylay.
Remember who?
Kenny Boylay.
We don't know him.
Abraham Offs played a guilty defraud charges in early January, cooperating with prosecutors in a corruption probe that can implicate lawmakers and officials all across DC.
Bush said he never had a discussion with Abraham Offs and doesn't remember having his picture taken with him.
Right.
The White House said Abraham Offs attended three Hanukkah receptions at the White House.
Eisler said he had seen five photos of Abraham Offs with Bush, non-taken at Hanukkah parties.
How do you art that?
Scott McClellan lied again yesterday.
I said the revelations didn't prove that Bush knew him well.
Scott McClellan was got a, how can he look himself in a mirror at night?
Not just turned the line, just looking like that.
What a jackass.
He's nowhere in a fly-shar, I'll tell you that.
But then who is?
56670560, pound 560 in the Verizon and singing, oh look at that.
Look at those people in the Iran.
They're the cartoon controversy.
They're all like, they look like Hylh Hitler.
They're doing all that.
It's gathered for Friday prayers, did chant, anti-US.
Anti is really an anti-European slogan.
It took almost three months calling to finally regain the results of a rock-slag just laid a whole election.
Yeah, actually they've been certified in the international level.
I think they put 950 hours in to make cupats because they have to pay for a wolf's barber.
Is there anybody more insipid idiotic than Wolf Bliske?
We're in the situation room and here's Jack Capri.
Jack Capri must be so embarrassed to be on that thing.
He's got to be like hanging his head and shame.
He'll still take the money but he's got to be more of Mordeky to be on that thing with Wolf Bliske.
In a situation room.
Thank God nobody under the age of 100 watches CNN.
Thank the Lord for that.
Gretzky on the line reports a hockey legend is heard and taped calls by authorities talking about his wife's ties to the betting ring.
And right at the moment that they're starting the Olympics over there in Tordino.
Huh?
Well here is the headhunter of the Canadian hockey team.
I bet your Pat Quinn is going to like to pretend you don't even know who he is.
Phoenix Saudis coached hockey grade Wayne Gretzky, reportedly knew about a New Jersey gambling ring.
And according to the AP discussed on the wiretap how his wife could avoid being implicated.
His wife Janet Jones.
See.
The Newark Star ledger, sending unnamed bloodthirsty and official said that a wiretap conversations between Gretzky and Phoenix Saudis associate coach Rick Tockett indicated that Gretzky knew about the gambling ring.
Gretzky was caught on wiretaps made within the past month, old Wayne Betzky, old Needle knows, who is as annoying as anybody who ever stalked the face of the globe.
Tockett, a former national hockey league all star with Charge Tuesday with financing and legal sports gambling ring.
He'll be arraigned February 21 according to the state attorney general's office.
He faces charges of promoting gambling, money logging and conspiracy.
After Phoenix's game last night Gretzky said he had never bet and said he planned to stay with the Coyotes and attended the two in Olympics's team candidates executive director.
I'm not going anywhere. He said I'm still going to coach the Coyotes. I've done nothing wrong.
Said Needle knows.
Janet Jones, Gretzky, reportedly wagered a half a million dollars on games during the last six weeks, including 170 or a side of the thing.
Take it back. 75 grand on the Super Bowl.
Mirror Pittens.
She even wagered on which team would win the opening towing costs.
Towing costs.
Towing costs.
Towing costs.
Towing costs.
Jones hasn't been charged yet.
She even bet on which team not that she's got a gambling problem you understand.
You realize that even a hang coverage you didn't make a too big of a bet on the opening coin to us.
Is that incredible or what?
It's not.
She bet a half a million dollars on games just in the last six weeks.
You know when you got the big bucks everything is relevant. She ain't playing the quarter slots on your entire day of that.
At no time did I ever place away during my husband's behalf period.
Jones said in a statement provided by the code his last night other than the occasional horse race my husband doesn't bet on any sports.
She said.
Law enforcement officials said.
Tocket collected more than a million dollars in bets from Jones Gretsky and NHL players unnamed so far.
Tocket's been granted leave of absence by the NHL which is open investigation.
There is no evidence that anyone including Jones Gretsky made hockey bets yet.
Tocket players are prohibited from making NHL wagers.
There are no rules that have been in from praising bet another sports to illegal sports book to a legal sports book.
Former LA Kingslot of Bruce McNow has spent four years in jail on bank fraud and conspiracy charges.
Said he talked with Gretsky Wednesday and wasn't too concerned.
I think that when it all comes out McDonald said things will be quite a bit different than the initial stages.
How do you like that?
Betzky and Janet Jones.
She said it was a lot of derest.
How do you like to look like her and be murdered to him?
Well, he's making the big bucks isn't he?
That's what I'm saying.
I mean, he's just grotesque.
Nothing's uncommon about that.
Maybe he's got some talent when they need a nose at his.
Maybe that's what Lyle Lyle loves it.
Maybe that's what his appeal was to Julie Roberts.
There had to be something there that didn't meet the eye.
She liked his music.
Is that what it was?
Oh yeah, Lyle Lyle.
I love it.
He was no Johnny Cash.
I'll tell you that.
5670560.
A boy named Sue Myass.
I can't believe it though.
Tom 560 and he Verizon's singing the wireless line.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Tom Neal.
Yes sir.
You have the shield on you list?
The shield?
The shield.
Oh the shield.
I tell you the shield.
The really big shoe like it's on the shield.
You got him on.
I don't know.
Too late.
It was already like a mid-speed there.
Couldn't stop.
Had my finger halfway down.
Anyway the shield it's on there right now.
How about that really big shoe?
I'm so glad that you had a chance.
No wait a minute.
I think he was not on that thing.
Was he?
No but I had seen the put it on before.
It's just so damn.
It's like this very ass-amount movie.
I probably should have told you to watch it.
Because my describing it, and I can't do justice
is to just how bad it is.
I'm serious.
I'm there on the couch and I got my two big pillows,
my head popped up and I'm watching.
And I had like three times.
I had practically smack myself in the head just not to fall asleep.
Yeah just like that.
I mean that is just so ponderous.
But let's move along.
Let's move it along.
We don't want to get that hoolly up to all of a sudden.
Can't we move it along?
Oh man.
How would you like to wake up next to that bitch here we did?
I guess you could probably see a picture first.
Yeah exactly.
I mean could it be in your case?
27 past noon at 5.16 W.Q.M.
And then I'll steal this to pay.
It's a roof.
Why?
By the way, so I've been given it some stores.
Oh what do you think it is?
I know that me and you can do much better go with 6 to 10.
And not in 5.
A gen island that ranking you.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you're really bad.
I love your mind.
You gotta have your weary bed.
Strap's on to tight.
No chance I'll always show it to you.
I'd rather die with the crappy together.
I'll help you know that I'm not big but you do.
From Brooklyn high.
Highs and greatness by everybody but you.
You're not high.
Highs and greatness by everybody.
We know this that would blow.
Nobody that is we had a fight.
That you'd survive.
Good one and here a genital.
And pushing tight.
That's happy together.
Strap's on to tight.
Strap's on to tight.
Strap's on to tight.
Strap's on to tight.
Strap's on to tight.
Strap's on to tight.
Strap's on to tight.
And so would you with me.
For me is much better 6 to 10 not tight.
It's only right that I should get more sleep tonight.
I think we might be happy to get there.
Strap's on to tight.
Strap's on to tight.
What can we be better?
Zhu'ありがとう.
Zhu'atori dat equwa rein.
Zhu'hui ya tu tu tu tu tu tu tu studied vo'boards.
that took me about an hour to figure it out.
Well, the reason that lot in Britain,
the Democrats are being so kissy kissy with Mickey Brown,
he's small potatoes, see?
Oh, they're glad that he's cooperating there.
What they wanted to do is get him to start naming names.
That was just right.
He's talking about this stuff.
He was a BS in about this morning.
And they want him to start naming names
and get, you know, make the administration look bad,
because let's face it, the Democrats don't care
about those dark folks in the New Orleans.
Ready to get the poor shleppers.
They're anymore than the Republicans do.
They talk about their game,
they couldn't give a crap by say there.
They're the decoy party.
So thinking and make political hay out of this
and about all the incompetence in the lies,
it's more ammunition for the case.
Which is fine, that's good, if they're making a case.
Well, you want some more ammunition for the case?
OK.
The former CIA official coordinated US intelligence
on the Middle East until last year
has accused a Bush administration
of cherry picking intelligence on Iraq.
To justify a decision, it already reached to go to war
and have ignoring warnings that the country could easily
fall into violence and chaos after an invasion
over Throwsadam Hussein.
Sounds to me like he was.
Absolutely incorrect.
Paul R. Pilar, who was the National Intelligence Office
of the Near East and South Asia from 2000 to 2005,
acknowledges the US intelligence agencies mistakes
and concluding that Hussein's government
possessed weapons of mass destruction.
But he said those misjudgments didn't drive the
administration decision to invade Iraq.
Official intelligence out of Iraqi weapons programs
was flawed, but even with its flaws,
it was not what led to the war.
Pilar wrote an upcoming issue of the journal Foreign Affairs.
Instead he asserted the administration
went to war without requesting an enemy
without being influenced by any strategic level
intelligence assessments on any aspect of Iraq,
on any aspect of Iraq.
It has become clear that official intelligence
was not relied on in making even the most significant
national security decisions.
The intelligence was misused publicly
to justify this incident already made.
The damaging ill will develop between
Bush policymakers and intelligence officials
and that the intelligence community's own work
was politicized, Pilar wrote.
Pilar's critique is one of the most severe indictments
of White House actions by a former Bush official
since Richard Clark, former National Security Council
staff member, went public with his criticism
of the administration's handling of 9-11 of tax
and his failure to deal with the terrorist threat beforehand.
It's also the first time that such a senior intelligence officer
has so directly and publicly condemned
the administration's handling of intelligence.
I thought they were like,
what would it like intelligence?
And they're not, they're like freighter, they're dumb.
Who wrote that?
Who wrote this?
Yeah, who's it about?
Walter Pinkis.
Oh, Washington Post.
All right.
Talk as I want to look at it later.
Oh, it's on our website.
I think, I think, I think it's important.
I want to look it out, look at it with my phone
when I'm taking it.
Well, go to the Washington Post.
That's the eye official faults used to date on a racket.
Probably going to be on there for tomorrow
we'll think of them today's article.
So I don't think Josh is that quick.
Well, I don't know if you see it.
No, I don't want to hear about it.
5.6705.60, pound 5.60, the Verizon singular wireless line.
Let's talk to find out about that.
So I think it's very nice mounting.
The company DQAM.
We're going to work with DQAM.
Hey, DQ, how you doing?
OK.
Hey, listen, I'm talking to movies.
I know it's not really necessary time,
but I just mentioned broke back Mountain.
But if you see the movie, Kinsey?
No, George was talking about that before,
but we have neither one of us seen it yet.
I saw last night.
Yeah, it's actually a pretty good movie.
I mean, it's not fast action, pace,
obviously, anything like that.
But it's really a good movie.
And just forget how much of his work was so important back
in the days and how it's really.
I'm really glad to hear those of these people back in the days,
actually.
Also, I mean, I know that don't get Brian's immediate help,
but I was sure love to hear a little bit
with now Mo and J.C.
who are sitting on the corner somewhere
and proclaiming pizza together.
Talk about what's going on here.
Yeah.
Talk about the old days reminiscent of a triple old
aging style.
OK, thanks, Pally.
Thank you.
Oh, yeah, vocal blind.
Chicken, I can use some help once in a while,
just like that golden shower.
I mean, that's right.
With the showers.
With golden, it's priceless.
5605-505-5050, oh, it's a Bill Schneider sandwich.
The administration did foil and attack, not necessarily
because of wire capping.
They're not claiming that because of international cooperation
with countries in Asia, particularly Southeast Asia.
They didn't name the countries, but they said
there were Asians in Asian terrorists involved.
Still on the mayor, on the mayor and the police chief.
I want to be talking about Democrats here.
Isn't this an election year?
I mean, are they taking a shot?
I mean, why would the president have to tell the mayor
of Los Angeles that something had been foiled
and never really came to believe this?
Well, I think the mayor of Los Angeles needs to know
that there was a pot against his city.
Yeah, right.
You know, so they even got to this guy.
This guy from the Seattle International,
they even got to him.
Why would the mayor need to know that they're gonna blow up
the tallest building in LA?
How I mean, you know, this is on a need to know
basically. Oh my God, you know something seriously.
CNN, if there's anything that needs to be taken down,
forget about towers and stuff like that.
CNN, their tower must come down.
That's the only tower we need to worry about.
However, they're transmitting this signal, okay?
Whatever technical equipment is putting CNN
on the year all over the globe,
that satellite needs to be taken out of the sky now.
They are the antichrist of the media.
See, Fox, even though they put on a weak pretense
fear and balance my eyes, everybody is onto them.
So they don't even make a pretense of being objective.
But these bastards here on this thing man,
between Dana Bash and Kura Phillips
and that damn Rushlin ball is wife
and then of course, the Lou Dobbs and Wolfgang
Himmler Blitzkrieg.
I mean, what are we talking about over here?
What are we talking about?
What are we talking about?
Fascist news is what you're talking about.
New people to the CNN Bureau of Miami.
I'm going to say it right now.
I'm going to come there and pee on your desk.
Cutting like that.
Next time I'm in town, I'm going to come right there
and pee all over your desk
and maybe do a couple other numbers too.
It's two in the three.
Lawrence Wilk, a one or two in the three.
I mean, it's just pathetic what they pass up.
I mean, this guy, Jim Clancy, I'm seeing an international,
but I'm in Europe watching that network.
Generally speaking, I always rip and push and ask,
but not that they're simile casting this couple hours
every day into the US.
Now he's all of a sudden kissy kissy
with a fascist all of a, it makes no sense to me.
I just wonder who's exchanging the big brown paper sacks,
you know what?
Maybe we know about the little brown sack
that very jackass claims that is blooney luncheon every day.
That's probably where the ticket,
they got something there for Barry.
Put a little something in the sack.
But the CNN man, somebody has got to,
the somebody over there has got to either be on the takeer,
they're just a bunch of car carrying Nazis, that's all.
I just want to see them all get on camera once
and do the old goose step.
Wouldn't that be great?
Yeah.
Yeah, as long as they're in sync.
As a matter of fact, I got a story about goose stepping.
I bet you never believed that a million years.
Oh, I didn't.
German, this isn't the online British son.
Speaking of Rupert Murdoch.
German cops will use sweeping powers to color England fans,
doing basil faulty style Hitler impressions
at the World Cup.
Okay.
We instantly banged up for two weeks, banged up.
If they goose step like John Cleeson's most famous faulty tower scene.
And hardcore louts who give Nazi salutes
like the one jokingly made by Michael Barrymore and celebrity
Big Brother could be hauled before a judge within 24 hours.
If convicted of inciting hatred,
they'll face jail terms up to three years.
Wearing joke German helmets or any offensive insignia
will also result in a stretch behind bars.
So I guess hogan heroes won't be there, right?
David, the crackdown is revealed by police in Nuremberg
where England will play Trinidad and Tobago
and the first round World Cup match on June 15th.
The city is especially sensitive to WWII jibes.
Excluding World Cup stadium stands in the shadow
of the parade ground used for Hitler's notorious Nazi rallies
in the 30s.
And there's a picture here.
There's a picture here of Michael Barrymore
where they must ask the hell to do me a salute, it's cute.
The city was carpet bombed by the allies during the war.
Cops there say Nazi taunts are not funny
and will not be tolerated.
Oh, at least he's a very hard huff mile.
A 59 year old former judge in mafia,
Klan Busby said, we will come down a hard
on people using solid behavior or make trouble.
We're very sensitive about our history.
English football fans can be aware that the Nazi salute
and provocative behavior like goose sniffing in public
that will be punished.
Oh, what did I tell you about those brits, huh?
Facts is just man doing here.
We will offer the warmest welcome to two football fans,
but anyone glorifying extremism here risks a risk.
Yeah, I quite frankly, if you ever saw the brits walk,
how do you tell the difference between that and goose sniffing?
Oh, it was a little bit more bent over.
In fact, their version of that erosma song
and said, don't walk this way.
I think I did that yesterday.
Anyway, so 19 to one, but you can...
Hi there, you bastards.
He's a little number.
I wrote the other day, we'll not duck hunting with a judge.
Thank you very much, the FCC.
Thank you very much for finding me.
5,000 bucks a week.
So I'm really out of luck.
As more than higher device was gonging me.
So you very much the FCC.
For proving that free speech just isn't free.
Clear channels, a dear channel.
So how it's done must go.
A journey general Ashcroft doesn't lie strong words and so.
He's charging twice as much as all the drugs for rushly love.
So how do you want so very much?
So I thought you very much the Mr. Bush.
Or he'll row a curly sitting on your tush.
For Halliburton, Enron, all the companies who hail.
Let's send them a clear signal,
and stick markers straight in jail.
She's a number two rich bitch.
And at least he isn't.
So you want so very much.
So you take the first thing you do.
You and everything you do.
Your pace make her must be a fake.
You haven't got a lot.
As far as I'm concerned, you're just a face to face or both.
And as per Condoleez, she's an intellectual judge.
So for you also very much.
Yes.
So you very much the EPA.
For giving all the Laskers oil away.
It really is a bummer when I can't fill my hunger.
The ozone, the no-go ozone, now that Arnold's here to say.
The nuclear intercaime is going to take place in LA.
So for you also very much.
That's a good thing.
So what the planet fails.
Let's say the great white males.
I'm so happy you also very much.
So Pedro says, how about Hogan Zero?
He just got through playing the theme there.
What about it?
It's good on there.
So I have almost all the episodes on VHS.
My kids really like it too.
And Hogan Zero.
There you go.
Now let's see, Richard Dawson was on Hogan Zero, right?
Right.
And what was his name?
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
That's fine. I'm looking for the theme. I don't have it.
Oh, damn it. I bet you I got it.
I have it in the Navy.
I have Navy blues.
That was that.
Oh, this is...
Oh!
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
I'm a little bit of a fan of Hogan Zero.
Well, that's wrong.
Both of the rides says that Otto was Berners-Fother.
Otto Clemper was Berners-Fother.
Well, there he goes. Yeah, I told you I wasn't just dreaming.
What am I looking for?
Um, uh, McKayles Navy.
Here's Car 54 where are you?
What, that was a bad...
Bad show.
Here's Hogan series, but here he is, but you already got it.
Right.
Uh, Bad Masterson.
Wagon Train.
There's a hold up in the Bronx.
Brooklyn's broken. Now, in fights.
There's a traffic jam in Harlem.
That's back to Jackson Heights.
That's it, Er.
Oh.
I don't think I got McKayles Navy either on here.
Probably because nobody...
Oh, I got it. Oh, huh.
How do you like that?
Surprise.
That, that, that.
See you asking, will tell.
Plus it'll kill a few seconds anyway.
Aren't you shocked that I have it?
TV's great news.
Oh, yeah, TV's.
TV's too much.
Oh, I got a whole bunch of these babies.
I think I need some new ones.
There you go. Right.
Not about things, just a bad show.
You like this thing? What's good about this thing?
It's cute.
It's a little bit rowling.
It rocks.
It ain't the same league of the one I voted for. I'll say to that.
To the battle bill.
Let's go.
The comic battery's about to surprise this thing.
This is good. This is the original roster.
At that area, the box is good news.
It's quite good about it.
Oh!
By the way, I'm going to...
Can I ask you a question? Was Neil hefty?
The paper was telling you about a movie
and returned to the bat cave a while back.
A minute, you've heard.
Well, then I'm telling you about that movie,
Return to the Bat Cave a while back.
It's kind of a movie.
Oh, like a show within the show.
Part of it is really good and part of it is really corny.
I'm going to tell you anyway.
You can just sit through the cord.
It's a movie about Batman.
It's a movie about Batman about the making of it,
the early days, how they got together, how they got together.
They talk about the fact that Bert Ward and Adam West
were going to hate each other like, yes, yes, man.
They don't just talk about it.
They show it.
They play it out.
Wow.
Like a lucky battery.
Oh, I see.
Well, I'm probably Adam West was upset because they had like
panned his, you know, his, uh, whatever you wanted.
They all had to do the boy wonder they had.
Stuff stuff in there because, uh, yeah.
Oh, is the boy wonder they can?
He was showing through, see.
I always had wondered.
He was showing through.
They had to put a barrier there.
Oh, I'm not going to get to graphic.
You're okay for crying online.
Jesus.
Oh, he was a young guy.
I think that was less affected your whole mind.
You knew that young and fluffy.
Oh, that's what they got into in the movie there.
Really?
Bert Ward, now you tell me.
Have you seen him lately?
Oh, good.
Well, you see him in the movies.
So that's the format of the movie is him and Adam West kind of flashing back.
They're flashing it.
Yeah.
And they both look like old men.
Bert Ward is like a hunchback now.
Oh, I know that.
I've never seen him both.
I'm a biography channel.
This is my very favorite.
They've had that whole deal.
They talk about how they hated each other like poison.
But they were both sure getting a lot of action.
I'll say to that.
With women.
Yeah, they tell me that.
How unusual that is.
They were reaping the belt to full harvest.
Right.
Let me just because he had that.
Maybe for all we're talking about tonight.
It's a matter of fact, an honor of his starting on serious.
Let's send him a gift package.
The world is at its warmest from millennium.
How do you like that?
The entire northern hemisphere is experiencing a sustained period of warming that is unprecedented.
It is absolutely unprecedented in the past millennium.
A few of the arranged temperature records from three rings and ice cores to historical, historical documents,
has found that at no time since the ninth century,
have temperatures been so consistently high.
The study published in the journal Science found that the late 20th century,
with the warmest period to the northern hemisphere since at least 800 AD,
a clipsing well-known medieval warm period when finds were cultivated successfully in northern Europe,
and the Vikings exploited the ice-free seas to colonize Greenland.
Remember the Vikings?
That's where we're out there parting on that ship.
Timothy Osborne and Keith Briffa, climate scientist from the University of East Anglia,
Norwich, analyzed 14 sets of temperature records from America, Europe and East Asia.
Each record covered a relatively wide region such as Northern Sweden,
or low countries of the Netherlands and Belgium, and extended back at least several centuries.
Ten of the 14 records were based on tree ring data, which went back as far as 800 AD,
one measured ice cores from Greenland, one involved historical documents from Europe,
and one covered the chemical composition of seashells on these coasts of the U.S.
The final set of records came from China and Japan, use variety records from ice cores to historical documents.
Our results show that during the late 20th century,
warming affected the internal or the hemisphere,
and that at no point in the past thousand years,
is the northern hemisphere experience the same widespread warming, a warming warning.
The cake conclusion was that the 20th century stands out as having unusually widespread warmth,
compared to all the natural warming and cooling episodes during the past 12-odd years.
Climate scientists having the past 11th to suggest that the late 20th century was warmer than any time in the past one of them,
the study proves it.
Now, this was all been out of shape about this.
Oh, there's Betski.
Hey, it's Garotis.
You've got a Yoni's.
Oh, God, I can't stand him. Jesus.
I get spielkies just seeing him in his ski nose.
Man, he makes Bob Hopeluk, like that French chick,
with a phony face.
A group of 85, well, she don't have much of a shnauzon.
A group of 85 evangelical Christian leaders this week,
back legislation, opposed by the White House to cut carbon dioxide emissions,
kicking off a campaign to mobilize religious conservatives to combat global warming.
Are you hearing this? I heard a bunch of Betskies, Christian Betskies, go ahead.
The group has included mega-church pastors, Christian college presidents, religious broadcasters,
and writers also unveiled a four-page ad run in the New York Times that already did yesterday,
and a TV ad hopes to screen nationally.
With God's help, we can stop global warming for our kids, our world, and our Lord,
the TV spotby sand.
Yeah, it's through it for Jesus.
That's right. Save the world for Jesus.
The campaign by evangelicals coincided with a call by leading U.S. think tank
for the U.S. to take immediate steps to fight global warming,
including working with other nations to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
The Pew Center, well, we know when the gas emissions, the Pew Center always steps right in.
The Pew Center for Global Climate Change said in the report that America's waited too long
to seriously tackle the climate change problem, and spelled out 15 steps
the U.S. could take to reduce emissions its spews as the world's biggest energy consumer
and the biggest producer of gas, house, greenhouse gases were pollutant over here.
We're doing a big thing. And we are number one, baby.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62A.
This is Jennifer Febiker. You need no adum, Jennifer.
I still listen to the one to two hours.
It's right to Lord.
And now, another verse of celebrity poetry.
Here's a tale of lunacy backed by Scientology.
No brain cells left in Tom Cruise covered for they were stolen by Elron Hubbard.
When Tom speaks his mouth, it forms affirming his love for Katie Holmes.
Up on the couch, he jumps with G. he thinks he's saying remarkably.
His mind looks like a red-war mural for a Hippity and Katie and a Padural.
He says others don't use their brain when it's Tom himself who is insane.
He calls Matt Lauer cold and glib when it's he who needs a dribble bib.
His lady friend smiles her coolest smile, she's no smarter than bathroom tile.
Her eyes too close to teeth is huge, perhaps she has the avian flu.
Feel free if you must disagree with the teachings of Scientology,
but on this my friend we can find common ground.
Their level of brain damage is profound.
The facts are strange, the future shady, full of crazy Tom and Pianse Katie.
This has been another verse of celebrity poetry.
One o'clock at 5'60 W.A.M.
So I just heard Norm Coleman say balls to the walls and that's said Mickey Brown here.
Really? And of course Norm used to be, he used to be Norma Kent's roommate in college.
Really? Yeah, a lot of balls to the wall.
Here's a fact some rosy says a few for the pull future Anna,
a rest of development scrubs in 24.
Let's get them all on there.
I got another one for you too.
Can I play the theme to be a hint? Sure.
Okay.
I'll put his mouth in it.
Half of it is got presents.
Now they still show those in some of those oldies channels.
Yeah, they can later in whatever.
They can be turned those off as well.
And a half an hour.
That's the amazing thing about how uncreative television is a lot of cases to the elevator.
We do like that supernatural though.
Where the hell did I see those two actors on there?
We're interviewing some of them.
I haven't seen it yet.
You'd like to show us good.
No, you wouldn't.
What?
You don't like it now?
Get out of here.
Last week you told me that it was a good show.
Is that what I said?
Yes!
I said it was okay.
Get out of here.
I said I never watched it again.
Now he's backtracking just because there's a couple of hot looking guys in it.
Oh, I think it's horrible.
I think the wide-watcher did it for me.
I thought it was okay.
I just said I would watch it again.
George would like that.
It's good.
He's under that creepy stuff.
He likes that the night stalker.
Things like that.
Cold-chak.
Cold-slug.
What's wrong with that?
What's not to like?
It's because what's with the salmon Dave or whatever they're salmon Dean?
Yeah.
It's very WB.
I can tell.
I see and I don't you watch a smallville?
No.
Yeah, not in here.
I never watched an episode of Smallville in my life.
Who have I got in here?
George watched a smallville.
I did, but I was here.
Then you'll like those parts.
You like those parts?
I don't watch it anymore.
I don't watch it because what's your name's on there?
I watched it because you did.
Oh, please.
I'm telling you.
Please.
You watched it because I didn't know you don't watch it because I don't.
I stopped it actually before you did.
It's just got ponderous.
It was the same thing.
It's got maybe weeks or so.
And I bailed and but I didn't.
You know, didn't tell what I did.
I mean, tell what I did.
It was a fine young man and he's a coin of normal can't gorgeous and all this.
That's great.
And that's not enough for me.
I'm sure that the anal hersion has been a lot of movies that I don't want to see.
No matter how good he looks.
He doesn't look that good.
He's not what you think he is.
By the way, he is what he is.
I like to speak to this small, little people tell me that it got way better but it's too late for me now.
Too late for me.
Too late to turn back now.
Like Cornita's brothers and sister Rose said, too late to turn back now.
But there's nothing wrong with supernatural.
It's a good show.
And while all of a sudden you're like poo-pooing it, I have no idea.
I'll tell you what.
I watch supernatural and you watch the whole Bear Ass Mountain movie.
How's that?
I'll watch it.
We're going to watch the Bear Ass Mountain together.
We're going to hold hands the whole while.
Good.
Excellent.
And I got news for you.
That will be a lot more emotional than whatever happens in that movie because it is.
Oh, there's a look at that.
You're going to hang with your brownie.
Exactly.
How will respond to it?
I'll bring the cowboy.
Yeah.
There's that scene there.
We're in that hangar in the airport.
You're going to hang with your brownie.
See, but you're letting him off the hook.
You're letting him slide even though he was totally incompetent and just on numbscull
because they want to catch the bigger fish.
They want to nail the balls to the wall.
Rick in West Palm says for the pool Wild Wild West, Sanford and Sun or Colombo or as he says
Colombo.
Cue, Cue Rick.
Colombo, Sanford and Sun Wild Wild West.
Christopher Colombo.
Christopher Colombo.
It's Christopher Colombo.
It's a part of the Lomo Columbus.
Hey, here's a whole big long list from Riley.
You want it?
No.
Burn it.
Let's start with Laverna Shirley.
Burn it.
We're not reading your faxes no more Riley.
You're done.
Get out of control.
Get a life.
Go find a life, Riley.
I have no life.
Probably is Rick Riley.
I don't know.
It's too creative to be him.
Wait a year this story from Palo Alto, California.
Thirty-seven pound woman gives birth.
How many pound?
Thirty-seven.
Trent D'Ciette.
Is that thirty-seven stone?
No, pound.
I don't know if she's stone or not.
A woman who was three feet tall weighed thirty-seven pounds before she got pregnant
and is given birth to her first child, a healthy boy.
A lawyer of SKS, who uses a wheelchair and has had two miscarriages, suffers from type three,
osteogenesis imperfecta, and the sort of that makes bone soft and brittle, osteogenesis imperfecta.
Rescue game 20 pounds during pregnancy and delivered these three pound seven ounce baby on January 24th at Stanford University's
Lucille Packard Children's Hospital.
We took just one day at a time.
We had a lot of people praying for us.
We just believe and we have our son here.
For SKS 38 told me, for there is no B.
Dr. said they delivered the baby Timothy by a cesarean section eight weeks before the due date in order to protect the mother's
fragile health.
Her tiny, distorted body left little room for the fetus to grow.
They said Timothy did not inherit his mother's genetic condition.
Judging from her son's long fingers and toes, Vaskette said, I think he's going to be a tall boy.
Her husband Roy said his wife's small stature can be deceiving.
She's a strong lady, he said.
My virtue Michelle Williams must be too.
According to the university, one in 25 to 50,000 births are to a mother with osteogenesis imperfecta.
And even fewer involved moms with a severe type three form.
So there's a miracle in California.
Must be Jesus had something to do with it.
At least a virgin Mary.
When you think?
I would think so.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 2, we ought to get that line nine on here here at least once.
QA and hello.
Yeah, I wanted to ask them to do the poll.
I just wanted to give you two names of the shows and then I'll have you drill a message to Neil.
I don't know if it counts or not, but like the three stuages, I know there were shorts for films before they were ever on TV.
All right.
All right.
What about aquatine hunger force?
Okay.
Okay.
Aquatine hunger force.
I'll pass it along.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Hey Neil, somebody said aquatine hunger force.
All right.
We'll do it.
Got it.
We got it.
What about supernatural?
Oh, that's just came on.
I'm the WB and of course Josh is militant.
He hates the WB.
I thought I'd have you on the Y.
Well, what network is that the seventh heaven on?
I realize that.
Yeah, that's it.
What?
The WB.
You didn't like the seventh heaven?
I like Jessica Biel.
I don't know.
Well, there you go.
Okay.
I never saw an episode of it.
I, there were some people on there.
I like to and then they got the ugly and they got Jason Gidrich syndrome.
We all laugh on it.
I don't know what happened.
It's something hidden with the ugly stick.
God.
Holy moly.
And then you're giving me a sudden dance about oh well guys are better looking when they're
out of way.
They're going back to that.
That's not my opinion.
I know something.
And it is your opinion is usual.
Wait, wait, wait.
You don't want to talk about it because you're wrong and I can say I can prove it right.
But you are going to prove it right.
Give me an example.
Tell me one guy.
All of these women's men.
No, no, no.
I don't give up.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I can't say that.
In other words that proves because how about Lyle, I love it.
Listen, huh?
Men's skin is thicker.
We wrinkle later in life.
Are you talking about poor skin again?
Who was?
R.C.
Our skin droops down our faces later at a later age than women.
That's a fact.
Maybe yours is.
All right.
That's it.
I'm done.
It has nothing to do with your skin drooping.
That's why people are on the age.
No, no, no.
What are we talking about here?
Okay.
Huh?
What are we talking about here?
I don't know.
Just because you don't like guys that look over the age of 18.
That's it.
What?
You don't like guys that look over the age of 18.
So anybody who's talking about those guys on supernatural are 18?
Maybe it's a 17.
Sam and Dave and Sam and Dean and Jan and Dean.
What are you talking about?
That's another thing about that show.
They're like 35 and they're supposed to be like they're not 35.
They're not, but television's always done that.
For example, they're not 35.
Okay, they're like in their early 20s.
The one guy's like in his mid 20s.
The older one, the other one's like about 23-24.
You better start learning your ages, mister.
Or you just better start sticking to women.
Don't worry.
I know.
There you go.
No, broke back.
All these things.
Believe me.
If I thought there was any chance you might, there might be some possibility.
You would enjoy any aspect of it from Michelle Williams on all fours or whatever.
Believe me, you don't want to do it.
Show me on them some all fours, eh?
Okay, go ahead.
I'd love to.
You will.
You will.
You will take that DVD.
I'm going to run a stunt.
You will aim it out the window.
I guarantee you that.
It will be out there on I-95.
FCC Commission Chairman Kevin Martin.
You fairy.
Step the pressure on cable TV providers to sell channels separately.
Releasing the report yesterday, she went in the movie would cut prices by up to 13%.
The FCC study reverses the findings of a 2004 report commissioned by former chairman Michael Powell.
You fairy.
And supports Martin's points for cable providers such as time order and comcast to offer
a card pricing.
Martin could use this study, continue to use the bully pulpit to push for a card.
So Christopher Stern and Adelaise for a middling global advise is an investment research firm.
The report is a setback for cable providers which have offered measures such as family programming
packages to avoid having to sell individual channels.
I wonder if for else on the serious package the study may through the study may
be able to use more control over channels in their homes.
Oh yeah, you got to get the WB off your cable.
Too many hot looking young people on those shows.
And John, I sure don't want to see that.
Senator Ted Stevens, the Commerce Committee chairman of the last Republican to say last month
he didn't plan to consider all the card legislation.
He said he might re-examine the issue.
Cable TV prices could fall from 3% to 13% under 3% of 4 all the card options studied in the report.
Releasing the Washington.
Yesterday.
Well, great.
How can we censor?
How can we bring you under our thumb?
How can we force the South Park people to put those bleeps in even on the cable?
Oh, by the way, because you made a good point the other day when we were talking about that.
FX shows the shield which is a regular cable thing.
Right.
Use every word.
And I do mean every word.
Let's hear it for our facts.
Let's hear it.
And there's no interesting benefits is Fox.
I think the F word is the only one that they will evolve.
Isn't that the same people who promote octa?
They use the print idea and they use Fox News to print all the right wing propaganda they can.
And they make all the money to fund that operation by putting on all those sexy Fox shows.
And then of course, FX like your tell me.
He's an evil genius.
Yeah, Rupert Murdoch, your mama.
Though you've seen every episode many times what PV series will you never get tired of watching?
That's our full question.
A good question, I think.
That's well, one and as well.
Oh, get out of here.
Oh, I know.
What?
And this is just a joke otherwise you'll put it under.
So if you guys are trying to say any.
Is that pluck your magic?
What would be something?
Oh, dude.
I'm just going to.
As long as I live, I'll never forget that morning that I called and woke up Luke helping at home on that.
I'd say the morning shot.
I was.
He was good about it.
Did he flipper?
He flipped her or over.
He said, I'm a show Williams.
What do you think this is?
And he said, I'm not Heath Ledger either, but just cut it out.
I mean, that's about as subtle as an elephant jumping in the middle of that scene.
You know, when he, it's just.
No, no, really, it's just so obvious.
Why don't they just, you know, put a big sign on there, put a big message on the screen.
Heath Ledger's into, you know, rectum that.
God.
And that rape scene where he's like rapin' the other one and.
Yeah, and huh.
Even Moe would be inverse by that.
Sign fell 243 way ahead of the rest and you got you can also have it.
More power to you, just like what was the one yesterday's pull?
That leaves you sad.
It was a, oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
Simpson's 128, star trek 103.
All in the family, 92.
South Park 81, MASH 75.
She is 31.
Tom Jicolice, she is.
I love loosely, guys.
About 30, man.
Y5-020, Cookham Dano, Kirby enthusiast in 19.
Batman 18 and 19, friends 19, family guy 18.
Get it on there now.
soprano 17, law order 17, and my PD blue 16.
The honeymoon is 15.
Mighty Python's flying circus 14, 20 towers 13, sex in the city 10.
Andy Griffiths, yo, eight.
Green Acres 7, Mimey 5, 6, 6 from Murray, Tyler Moore.
Meridwood Chillens, a five for the Jefferson's, Kojak S4.
Three for the shield, and the Beverly Hillbillies, and Cannon.
Hogan's heroes got a pair.
Mission impossible, about two.
How can that only have two?
That's a great show.
Huh?
What do you want?
Aqua Tina, hunger force one, Michele's Navy one, monk one.
The odd couple won, and none, none for Sandra Danson.
Wild Wild West 24, Scrubs Rest Development, Futurama,
Soap LA Law, 77 Sunset, S5 Prisoner, and the Perthford family all got the big.
Oh, I guess the guy with the eyes didn't vote yet.
Oh, just wait until he gets to the library.
Oh, yeah.
He's going to be leaning on that Perthford family.
14 past one and five, 60 WQA.
And when you're shopping for shoes, head immediately make a B-line for brandy shoes and pompano beats
to make sure you get the most comfortable fit in your favorite style of shoes at an unbeatable price.
We're talking about the top names in the shoe business, not off brands,
which somebody these marginal shoe stores are famous for.
Brandy's carry is the biggest selection of all the major brands, like Rockport,
Foreshime, Echo, Mephisto, SAS, New Balance and all of this.
They'll make dang sure you get a perfect customized video favorite comfort shoe.
Just ask for Arnie, he'll take good care of you, and Brandy's even specialized in wide woods as well.
So no matter where you live in South Florida, if you're going to take good care of those tutsies, Brandy's is worth a trip.
For comfort style, fit value and selection always take brandy shoes, and you find Brandy's at 1290.
North Federal Highway and pompano beats to open every day of the week,
Monday through Saturdays till 9, and every Sunday till 5.
And this week is a great time to buy SAS shoes at Brandy's.
Take 20 to 40 bucks off the retail price of all great SAS men's and women's styles this week.
So be sure to get into Brandy's or do your shoe shopping right online on the website, brandy's shoes.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.60 Q.A.
All right.
Who's the monkey?
It's more fun than a barrel of cures.
I had it too much to drink that night.
He never says a word.
Well, I've instant in in in.
I know my age or what?
I'd Jared Padlecki play Sam on Supernatural.
What did I tell you how old he is?
In the year 3035, he was born July 19, 1992 in San Antonio, Texas.
That makes him 23.
What did I say?
What did I tell you?
I don't know.
That was exactly the number I said.
23, Vainted Trader.
Very good.
Huh?
I can spot, believe me, I can spot it.
That's the younger one.
The other guy is like 40.
No, that's...
I'm telling one thing for a guy who doesn't like that show.
You sure got a lot of information.
A lot of information for somebody who can't stand that show.
Yeah, like I was working on the 23 year old.
He's sleeping in the same room together.
Good night, brother.
I think part of that show, you know something,
and they've even crossed my mind.
That's the only thing that enters your mind is because they're sleeping in different beds in the same room
that there must be something going on.
I know something if there is, I want to see it.
Well, you know, like believe me.
I'd rather see that than humpback mountain, I'd say that.
Holy moly.
God, what a piece of garbage.
Seriously, that could be the worst movie I've seen in 10 years.
Wow.
I can't even begin to tell you how ponderous and boring and monotonous it is.
It's just garbage.
But other than that, it's great.
W-D-Q-I-M, hello.
Hi, can someone tell me what happened to Mell?
What happened to him?
Yeah.
His muskrat ran away from home.
You know, I got the hot dog.
Yeah, look, they paid him off to go away.
His contract ended with March 10th, and they said,
here's some money, and he said, okay, I'll take it and goodbye.
Bye, Don.
Correct.
That is correct.
Thank you.
Okay, you're welcome.
Yeah, that was one of his crowds.
No question about that, the Colossomy Bag crowd.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Tom 5, 60, and the Evil Ryzen singular wireless line.
Well, let's get depot back on here with some of that old corny stuff.
Huh?
I mean, he's only half Jewish.
Yeah.
W-A-D-Q-I-M, hello.
You miserable son of a bitch.
Yeah, well, I haven't heard from him in five minutes.
W-A-D-Q-I-M, hello.
Good work.
Back to back.
I must have been Gilbert and his boyfriend.
Maybe they got the same routine as the other tour guy to go.
Well, you know what, I never played.
Then I promised speaking of maniacs.
Huh?
I never played this.
Here's Oakland Park, hello.
Yes, is Mr. Rogers speaking?
Mr. Rogers, Reverend Jones here and I-
Another- another Tony Reverend here.
I have a controversial show today on dollars from the past.
What is it?
You're having a controversial show on colors from the past.
No, we're not talking about colors from the past.
You're gay bits?
Bits that you're doing?
Sir, what are you talking about?
You're playing old bits?
No, no, I'm not.
I weirdly- we had a call a while back and I guess you did a tape and you made some type of clothes.
A card on it, I guess that's what they're telling me.
And we- it discussed not playing it on the air.
What are you- what are you talking about?
That's the part the gay bits, sir.
That was one of my- there's a-
Yes, sir.
You appreciate to not play that game.
I thought you just read the letter.
Did you receive the letter, sir?
Your gay, your gay.
Did you receive the letter, sir?
Your gay, your gay, sir.
Your gay.
Did you receive the letter, sir?
Your gay.
They'll be a lawsuit.
Your gay, sir.
Your gay.
No, your gay, sir.
Your gay.
What was he trying to say?
Your gay.
Or maybe he was just trying to say,
You fair, Rick.
Could have been that.
22 past one.
I got it with me.
That's- oh, it's a fair amount.
It is a fair amount.
And it is a fair amount.
Well, if he would have just died immediately after that, then it would have been a blessing for the whole year.
That's not good enough.
No, I understand.
Don't put it right on your head.
567-0560-0505-60 and they've arrived in a singular wireless line.
We still haven't had one person in, of course, in this crowd.
I predicted that at the beginning.
I don't really want to talk about a no-mull.
But that awful humpback mountain movie.
There's not anybody defending it.
Is that anybody who admits to seeing it?
Nobody.
Even that lady in the call before, even though she said that when she was talking about Michael Ankeen and making love with Kate Jackson or making love with Harry Hamlin,
that she hadn't seen that humpback either.
She had a humpback whale.
And I remember working in Sarasota in 1973.
It was the old humpback bridge.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Wonderful call.
That was-
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Mia was going on.
He was coming from-
I'm glad to hear.
Yes, sir.
I got in a role with Aaron Guil and Patty and Annie with a camera throw.
What-no, what did he just say?
I didn't understand any of those words.
Well, something in Patty and anyone with a-
I have no idea what that man just said.
That your people in their accent can't make out a word of it.
Yeah, my people in their accent.
You're your folks, male.
Those little Easterners.
Speak of the English.
Speak of the English.
Okay.
Give it a try.
It works like a miracle, man.
Speak of the English.
Then they will fear you.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Thanks for watching the Bowback Force through your career, I think.
Because there's no way I was going to watch it.
Oh, please.
I'm glad you admitted it was crap.
Admitted.
Absolutely.
I'm a militant about it.
It was a very garbage-ever made.
Now, let me show my Christian friend, too, if you watch a game movie, I'll turn gay.
Oh, yeah, that makes you gay, yeah.
Yeah.
If you're gay and you watch the game movie, you must be straight.
So let's-
Yeah, man.
He's straight.
I'm a double negative.
I'm a double negative.
I'm a double negative.
Right.
566705, his Christian friends.
I don't have any Christian friends.
I mean, not in the sense that he wouldn't say, you know, Christian.
You know what I mean?
Right.
I avoid like the playing people who would like to put me in an oven.
Right.
56670560.
And for a multitude of reasons, not just gay.
Oh, yeah.
A whole bunch of reasons.
What's the point?
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
That was Alan Brown.
Alan Brown.
Now, is that interesting?
How I guess they returned to the scene of the crime just by Alfred?
Absolutely.
He said it's bad to know right away.
But you part-
He said a fax is.
Really?
Saying something for the polar.
Something I threw it right away without-
Oh, some of us, you remember, you remember its name?
Well, he cited Jamba.
Laya?
Yeah.
What's with that Jamba?
Real Laya?
I can almost think about that speaking of No Orleans and then chocolate folks.
Well, you know, that's one thing.
At least they're consistent.
They're never crazy.
Don't care about them.
People are in public in zone either.
Just the Democrats put on a good show.
Laya 9, one more shot today.
Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Newly, you wonder why the education system in Florida sucks.
Look at the Brown County school board.
Get your head out of your ant.
You jackasses.
Hey, man.
Now, what did they do at the Brown County school board?
I don't tell you that they did the August 9th thing.
No, I don't know what they're doing, but they are jackasses.
Well, we know that.
That's what I was about saying.
And then as soon as the public started like getting revolting about that whole August 9th thing,
Oh, the August 14th on a Monday sounds so much better as opposed to having to own you people curtail your summer vacation.
Because we're too stupid and not how to do anything right.
Yeah, what is no question about that?
So you can't complain about Florida education because there isn't any.
Trust me.
So I met Josh at the Panther game.
Yeah.
And I got so excited when I saw him because he has a shaved blonde hair.
Yeah.
And he had these tinted glasses and it's really long, off-gun coat.
All the beads and all the gear.
That was me.
I got you down, man.
Yeah, yeah.
All the gear.
Right now.
I'll tell you that right now, man.
Right.
No wonder he's not going to the hockey games anymore.
Both of recovery his rear.
He found a fan.
Wasn't that nice?
Maybe you can go up there in the woods and hump back mountain with that guy.
Do a little camping out.
Or maybe just go to fight him hotel and sleep in the same room together like Sam and Dean.
You can borrow my chaps, all right?
In fact, wasn't that song by Sam and Dave Hold on?
It's 26 past 1 at 5, 60 W.D.Q.
So, Emily, it comes to mattresses, thinking of which bed do you sleep it on, Sam?
See, I would watch that show I missed it last week or two of Supernaturalist.
If they were sleeping in Sam, that I would definitely would not miss that.
I would Tivo it.
I would like a fried into my screen.
And the show too.
When it comes to mattresses, a lot of gimmicks out there.
The latest are sleep numbers.
Otherwise known as air mattresses.
They're only warrantied and full for two years.
They squeak.
They pop.
They can lose their setting during the night and they cost a fortune.
They're arming four legs.
If you really want a high quality brand name, mattress that will last you for years and years,
then do the smart thing.
Just sit there on your fat pimpley ass and make one easy call to my good friends and down the mattress.
1-800 mattress.
When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll get no run-around.
No showroom shenanigans.
I love that expression.
Showroom shenanigans.
Just fact read red prices and the best brands you know trucked in love.
When you call 1-800 mattresses, it's used from Florida's biggest inventory of all the top brands.
Sealy, service, Simmons, King Coral, tempered experience and fostering you with already for Sam's delivery at prices lower.
Then the so-called big name chain stores even during these supposed big sales.
Call 1-800 mattress.
Have the bed you want delivered the date and time you want and you still pick that 2-hour delivery window when it's convenient for you.
We'll open to 1-2-1-3-2-45-4-45-5-5, etc.
I've been a satisfied customer for years and most of the Q-Mers are too and you will be out here and to eat.
So make that easy call right now and you can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight.
Call 1-800 mattress or log onto their website macriss.com.
That's 1-800-MATTRES.
Leave off the last one as because it stands for Sam.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
Floridians, dumb as dirt.
I like the Google Fish Shades inside the shower store.
It's the best time to go to sleep, and I go to sleep.
And slacker off the wall.
I've been a lover for years, but I do ain't even set my name.
And I've got too small, I can't even move away.
I've been a victim of my life.
When a girl shower goes my way, I like a golden shower.
I like the golden shower.
I use the trickle down the earings before I start to scrub.
I rinse off my wee wee with a pair of a Rupa Glo.
Don't be the night's morning, sleep, sleep, be so wet and warm.
I'll be leaving you the streets.
When I dayd for shelter by the hills,
What a joke that I used to have.
When I dayd for showers, I like a golden shower.
I like the golden shower.
I like the black shit, I like the golden shower.
I like the golden shower.
Well, thank God Jake Gillenauhan is loofah up there in the mountains.
I'll tell you that.
That's right.
I kind of scrub that whole D-Law.
132 at 560 WQA.
I'm going to get ternished.
Come up to just move it along.
Move it right along, like that bitch said before.
Move it along.
I do want to mention this again though, before we leave.
Because here's something people can do over the weekend to keep them off the streets.
Since we ain't got no more football for a long time.
Spear that.
Look at all those sports people going to talk about now.
I'll probably be Olympics.
Oh, oh man.
You're going to watch any Olympics.
Yasha, I sure hope not.
Probably not.
I'm going to watch the Luz.
Maybe it depends.
The Luz.
Like the two men Luz best.
Oh no.
And the wrestling.
Oh yeah, that's not the wrong one.
The Brokeback Mountain.
Luz.
They humpback Martin version.
No, we're not going to be watching your Olympics on this show.
So talk to somebody else about it who cares.
We don't care.
I do care about the Vesky story though.
That's interesting.
I'd love to see him go down.
Oh man.
Right slide right down the mountain.
Really?
I didn't think you liked him.
Zillow.com.
That's what I wanted to mention again.
Just a quick of your mouse.
That's one of most, and they don't want anything from me.
You don't have to like log on.
You don't have to like, uh, do anything.
Yeah, I thought they'd be able to scale what I first read about it.
Like you got to, you know, create an account that kind of thing.
No, that's why there's so many people.
That's why they had to, they disabled the thing when it first came out.
It's because it was so popular.
People are going on there and thinking like, hey, you're home.
Look at this.
And you get so much information about your house in your neighborhood
and, uh, yeah, all of a sudden, I thought.
How much it's worth right now?
How much it was worth a week ago?
Sookas?
How much next?
It's going to be worth next tissue ball.
Well, that's the way about tissue ball yesterday.
That sent me into orbit.
That's just a little more than you ever wanted to know about Christo Ball.
Yeah.
Colon.
Colon.
Now criticizing Senator Diane Feinstein for supporting President Bush's war policies.
Cindy Sheen said yesterday that she won't run against the popular California Democrat
because she can be more effective as a vocal anti-war activist.
She's finally got her thumb right on it.
Nice going, Cindy.
Lead for Diane alone.
I as an American and a mother of a hero,
play to do what I can as a citizen when the occupation of her wife, she until reporters.
I'm not running against Senator Feinstein, but I will continue to be a thorn in her side
and a thorn in the side of any representative who's not stradily working for peace.
She enblasted Feinstein for giving Bush degree in life to invade an innocent country
when she voted in October 2002 for that resolution authorizing the Iraq war
and for continuing to vote to finance that illegal war and illegal occupation.
It's not enough to criticize the president's policies while you're handing him more money to fund his policies.
It's like giving an addict more money to buy drugs when you like him to quit, she said.
Well, I tell you, she's good.
With or without Hugo Chavez, she's still good.
Oh no, she was down there with Hugo Chavez.
She's a comic pink always.
She probably likes Fidel.
Okay.
I forgot to see that time.
So I forget what I'm talking to.
All right.
It's not so red-dye, you know?
Well, you know, Hugo Chavez and Fidel, they rub their breads together.
Wait until you hear this story.
We can use Josh's assistance in this story.
It's a long time because Emil Coast isn't talking about simply, but this story is.
That's what it's all about.
Okay?
All right.
Jerry finds flying.
See him.
Did not cause man's death.
Many all in New York, the...
See him.
Didn't do it.
A Benny Hanna chef may have tossed a hot...
See him.
At a customer five years ago, but a mass surgery decided yesterday it's not the restaurant's fault.
The man wrenched his neck that night and later died.
Right.
He should have caught it in his mouth like every day.
I'm dying out of here.
Well, you know, you say that jokingly, but evidently that's what was the whole idea of this thing.
Right.
I've been to Benny Hanna.
See, I have two.
In fact, is the one still there on the 70th Street Causeway by where we used to work?
Benny Hanna.
Yeah.
When I go to restaurant, and it's just like...
And as much as I love them, the macaroni grill.
As much as I like to place, I don't want to see anybody get up on a table and do old man river with those big old shoes.
I don't want to see that.
What if they're wooden duck?
I don't want to have a nice meal.
If I want entertainment, I'll go to a place to be entertained.
If I want a meal, I'll go to a restaurant.
So I don't want like a whole song and a dance in the circus and a throwing knives around.
It took the jury less than two hours to decide that Benny Hanna, a Japanese restaurant,
and a famous for its theatrical table side.
And by the way, also famous for giving you a little teeny tiny and awesome food,
was not responsible for the death of Jerry Colitis.
Well, I'm sorry.
Colitis, Colitis, Colitis.
I just say his name.
Colitis.
47 of Old Brookville.
They also threw out the jumbo $16 million award that Colitis would o' Jacqueline 47 and requested.
I wonder if it was a jumbo.
I was just going to ask that if it was a jumbo.
See him.
Several juries said after hearing four weeks of testimony, it seemed likely that Colitis,
who was at a Monty Park, Benny Hanna in January 2001 for a son's night birthday,
was asking the chef to throw a...
See him.
His way.
So he could catch it in his mouth.
See, you're just making a joke about that, Mr. Norall.
I wasn't making a joke.
That's exactly the idea.
It wasn't Benny Hanna's fault.
It's a jurid, you're Martin 62.
Jacqueline Colitis said her husband had an ass with the food to be tossed his way.
The chef decided to start throwing things in a matter of how many times we told him not to,
to stop.
He wouldn't stop.
I'm so disappointed in the jury.
She said money is money, but I still don't have a husband.
His kids still don't have a father.
Colitis said to Benny Hanna, chef first hit her stepson, then her brother-in-law,
burning them both.
She said the chef then threw another piece and jury Colitis caused him to jerk his head out of the way.
That night, Colitis began to feel pain in his neck as Widow said,
he underwent next surgery at NYU Medical Center in Manhattan, June 2001.
On November 21, Colitis checked in the St. Francis Hospital in Rosland with a 140-degree fever
said it had turned the on-day for individual role.
And the following day, he died.
That's it.
The cause of the death was sepsis, they said, very infecion.
He had sepsis.
Benny Hanna lawyer Charles Connick of Minneapolis said Colitis death had nothing to do with his
Benny Hanna dinner.
Further more, he said Colitis wanted the chef to throw the scene toward him.
It made no sense that the chef working for tips would purposely devise customers' wishes.
I think we showed that he was trying to pull his head back.
He said he was trying to catch the scene.
But Forensa said he couldn't believe the jury would not acknowledge the chef's dangerous behavior.
He said the restaurant's head chef, I didn't know they had a head chef, admitted on the stand of his staff
like to win tips and thrill customers by throwing food for people to catch.
He was aware what was going on, Forensa said.
He had advised the chef that it was dangerous.
Dangerous throwing those scene around.
I like that.
Oh well.
Sepsis and he died.
And she ever had only looking for some cash but she didn't get it.
Too bad.
You lose, honey.
I will teach you to go to Benny Hanna.
Second, first food by me all day long.
I don't care.
I'll catch it.
Well, how about you on the baker's throwing food at you?
Let's call it a cow.
Oh boy.
I am so...
So what did they bring you?
Just sloppy sausage today.
They got all kinds of great pizza and the Italian favorites, lasagna, chicken r
and chicken r Commissioners.
The best garlic rolls that are the size of the size of Kimbo campers head.
And...
We had to sloppy sausage in here though.
And some garlic rolls too.
Mmm.
All for them.
Yeah, it was.
So try all of these things.
In fact, they got the menu here.
They've got just an almost endless menu of fantastic Italian goodies.
Pasta, alfredo, with grilled chicken or with grilled...
See you.
Yeah.
You were talking to a...
Well, I tell you one thing, you sure make it up for a lost time today, aren't you?
Yes, I am.
Yeah, I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
Thank God we don't play no music.
I mean, he'd been hit off inbuster a while.
What is that undercover kitty?
On our New York.
You're gonna kill me right now.
You're gonna kill me.
Oh, sorry.
That's everything.
One nice thing about a little cat, they fit into my car way.
So neat.
Yeah, they do.
God.
Even the smallest.
How long do they do splatter around make a mess?
Though ABC News has delayed airing its prime time lives around Elliot Spitzer's pale
investigation, it is revealed that the FCC is now investigating hundreds of radio
station around the country as part of the scandal.
Absolutely, correct.
Oh my God.
FCC Commissioner Jonathan Adelstein told ABC News, the FCC staff is working with
voluminous evidence right now as a complicated, wide-raging investigation.
He added this is a potentially, this potentially is the most widespread and
flagrant violation of FCC rules in the history of American broadcasting.
We have never seen evidence such as systematic betrayal of the responsibility of
broadcast your CC set.
How do you like that?
How do you like that?
Spitzer himself told ABC News, we have people in suits coming in with documents
rather than cash payments under the table to a DJ.
Documents, I say, like stocks and bonds.
Adelstein threatens to lost his station's licenses through this investigation saying,
I can't believe that, well, we don't have to worry about that, we don't have one.
I can't believe that radio stations are putting their licenses at risk.
It seems to me that they thought the FCC was asleep and they shot someone in front of
a policeman.
The policeman is obligated to act when evidence is so clear he added, while it's highly
unusual for the FCC to pull licenses on first violation, depending on the severity
that is one option that's available to us.
These are criminal matters as well, he said.
How do you like that?
And Mrs. Gritzky said, don't bet on it.
Can you believe it's about a half a million dollars in less than six weeks and 75 grand
on the Super Bowl and then separate bet on the coin toss?
That bet is about problem.
That's fine.
I hope.
Yeah.
I mean, usually, okay, I shouldn't say that because being a wood-vine person, being a casino
person, I really shouldn't say that.
That women don't have chronic gambling problems.
That's totally untrue.
Right.
Because I know some of them out there you want to cry.
They're losing, I mean, of course I'm sure their husbands haven't got the foggiest
idea.
They got all their credit cards maxed out.
They're up to their armpits in debt.
But generally speaking, I mean, when you're talking about the really big world of high
rovers, gambling, it's usually the men, you know, like the Humper, for example.
Commissioner Adelstein revealed that he's been in regular contact with Spitzerly Lee and
wants the FCC to handle the investigation as opposed to Jeff Spitzer in the state of New
York.
We have a responsibility against the bottom of this.
It's important that the FCC does its job and not let the states do it for us, he said.
ABC News also spoke to a number of industry stars at the Grammys earlier this week about
Paola, with none of them, especially surprised by the news.
Honestly, Paola has existed since the beginning of the music business.
So it's not like some brand new thing that never happened before said, Alicia Keys.
Jessica Simpson's music has been mentioned in Spitzer's documents.
Oh, yeah, I can't imagine why.
Can you?
I can't imagine.
Even if they pay us, we wouldn't play that.
Her father managed her Josephson, told ABC News, all eyes, all I know is we worked really
hard to get the record on and it was as honest as I could be.
Whatever happened above us, I have no answer for.
Whatever happened above us.
Who's?
What happened above her too?
Oh, I thought Nick Lache was there.
I'm not so sure about him anyway.
I don't know about that whole deal.
He turned 24 or something, didn't he?
Nick Lache?
Get out of here.
He's like about 30.
What are you talking about?
Nick Lache?
Yeah, I don't know how old he is.
You don't even know who that is.
You're right.
I don't.
I played that music man.
They had some good music.
I think you had 90 degrees.
Yeah, I think you had 98 copies.
Get out of here.
They were all the boy bands.
They were the only ones that could sing.
Maybe.
Yes.
I'm going to tell Joe a bell before that lunch on Monday to make sure you eat trac and
then you'll burn in hell.
You and Gary Sarner.
By the way, bring back Gary Sarner a doggy back and make sure it's like a bacon cheeseburger.
There you go, 98 degrees.
They're totally.
And that's what he's saying.
I figured out some places.
They should be very simple.
Oh, that's that the Julio one, man.
I remember that video where he was like emoting and they got those tattoos on and of course
that her her nasty attitudes and stupidity rubbed off on him.
So how about them?
Jessica and Nick.
Because now we got Brad and Angelina.
Brandon, Angelina.
I'm sorry.
I'm in a breakfast area.
Brain, Angelina.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
That's not a good song.
Why would you play that?
Those are the two that I have to go to the head.
Well, get rid of it.
Kill it.
Happily.
They did a lot of good stuff.
98 degrees.
You're almost as bad as your partner and crime opener is telling it Sam on supernatural
is 85 years old.
Pretty, pretty soon they're going to be sleeping in nursing homes together.
Yeah.
Wait, that's where the seasons go.
Yeah, that's where the seasons go.
They're going to be sleeping in a double bed in a nursing home in the nursing home
that beds are on wheels.
And the more they're seen parties, they're going to be sharing the same bag.
How do you like that?
The same bed pan.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
You can't get much closer than that.
That's that real brotherly love.
You got a good do it as to ask them.
Now that you mentioned it, I think that's the next week's episode on the WB.
Though you've seen Eric.
I think you're watching that.
That's what you've seen.
Oh, man.
Where did you come up with that, Jennifer Conley?
Jesus.
So you've seen the, well, maybe in the episode, you've seen it all the time.
I can't even read this.
Jesus.
What a God.
What a grotesque thought.
Josh will never, Josh is going to go home and take four showers right now.
He feels so unclean.
Yeah, yeah, unclean.
What can you do when you never get tired of watching?
Sign fell to 52.
What is wrong from you people, man?
1120.
That's not too bad.
1120 KDK8.
What's that?
What's 1120?
That's good.
I don't know.
Is the camera works?
We go through this all the time.
I think came off.
It might be.
Those are the days, man.
Where radio used to be worth a whole hat on him.
Sign fell to 53.
Simpsons 134.
Star Trek 112.
All in the family 95.
What a easily do better than that.
Don't they?
What you have in them?
Maybe we've seen too many times.
You do just a comedy.
They always wait.
I figure you're pardon.
Oh, all in the family 95.
Scott Park 82.
May 77.
I love loosely 32.
Cheers 31.
Law and order 21 21 for Y 5.
Oh, friends 21.
Curbure enthusiasm 20.
I think whoever invented friends and Joey,
they all ought to be taken out right away.
Family guy 19.
I told you we'd put it on there.
So Peno's 19 Batman 19.
See Batman do pretty good.
Must have been those tights.
Faulty tower 17.
The honeymoon or 17.
Body five times like circus 16.
NYPD Blue 16.
Six of the city 10.
Nine for green acres married with children's gut eight.
And Miami vice-cut eight and the anti-revitable gut eight.
And blind date got six.
Oh, six.
Mary Tana more show six.
Had written some five.
Hogan zero is five.
The Jefferson's only five, but that's that's kind of scary.
Beverly Hill, the least four.
Kojak for while while West three 24 got three.
The shield three cannon got three.
Aquatine hunger force two.
Scrubs two mission impossible to.
Is that left or squirch's neural flat?
Yes, it is.
The Kales Navy one.
Sof one month one.
The prisoner one the odd couple one and no votes for arrested development.
They can't get arrested in a panty raid because it sucks.
Oh, future rammer LA law.
LA law.
Are they are they we showing that no once through is enough for that.
What do you think about me are they we showing and it must be because.
That that I don't because I would be like putting not landing on it.
I'm not showing it again.
Oh, they did for a while.
Oh.
Whatever happened to Pat Peterson.
He kind of disappeared and Donna Mills and.
He Lee Mills and all those people.
Right.
77 Sunset strip and the partridge family the guy with the eyes.
Oh, as yet to vote.
I call him up and get my top.
This is me.
Roger on a can this is you first.
16 Q a.
It's day.
That's the beautiful Miami town.
Are you sure?
At five six.
Oh, WQ.
Come on.
Great.
Yeah.
What are we going up to?
I'm not ready.
I'm showing.
Yeah.
Why is that?
I can't.
I can't.
I got so much.
You can go.
I have trouble in.
I have a man that just I know from our great.
You can't.
I have a man that just I know from our great.
You might find out how fair my show.
That's the mindset of the notes that folks come out.
Besides.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm in.
I'm out.
I'm out of think you know.
Yeah.
Kiss my book.
I'm in big my butt.
Yeah.
Tate like I could don't get none.
I think like you're my ticket's fix.
Then assume a penalistic state.
I'm in.
There's trouble in that red dye.
They might want something at the payment.
There's trouble in that red dye.
You got a misnacks for a whole game.
You got to have to get along with me.
If you don't know, you get it.
That says you.
You got a misnacks.
I say you want to be.
Did he say no, Mo?
No, no, no, no, no.
It really hurt.
Well, we ain't got no more.
Oh, I can't believe all these people out of town.
There's something going on this weekend.
There's something really strange.
It seems yesterday and today.
I don't know.
Is it Chavuas?
I don't know.
When the hell is the storm?
You keep press, you keep press.
Mark, I'm going to tell him.
The storm is, huh?
Isn't it Mark?
It's either in February or March.
It varies by the year.
We're not going to go about a due calendar.
I know.
There's a calendar behind Josh over there.
And what does it say on the flip the page there?
Flip the one?
The page.
Oh, I'm going to say the change.
Oh, I see.
Well, it came out kind of like, yeah.
I boarded in the middle of the page.
I didn't want to get close to it.
Yeah, flip this.
Park your magic swanger, froggy.
So what did it say?
When is Purim?
It's a, it's a lot.
Huh?
It's filled with a P there.
Yeah, if you are, I am for the goyamata.
I'm going to have to go in there and find it.
Anyway, you get like some, uh, home attachment and some
rogolach and, uh, so good.
This is good.
You, you guys eat all the food like those sloppy sausages today
from my down the darker.
I can't listen to it and enjoy it without getting my, uh, butcher
going up to 10,000.
And by the way, John, zero, don't send me no more candy.
You'll even take you to Nazi bastard.
Curtis Stevenson coming up next,
mad dog whose family is just rolling with everybody.
They're pissed off and fired up.
I'd gaspies and deviate for,
Len and Troy at 7.
And Eddie Kaye, 10 o'clock tonight.
Bye, bye, bye.
