All right time to bring Neil in.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Good column by Michael Mayo today.
Really?
Yeah.
What's about time?
What he read about?
Slots.
Yeah.
How the legislature, how the legislature, and the rest of the world.
I have Michael Mayo.
How the legislature's drag is feet.
How many Indian tribes have been benefiting?
And that they should have been operating by now?
Well you know something, it's partly the legislature but it's also the apparently the
officials.
They also dragged their feet out.
If I would have been in court the second after that thing passed.
It's been 19 months since Florida.
That's correct.
In addition to which the Bozos over at Daniel Highlight you see how well we don't, we're
not doing anything yet.
See that yesterday's story?
Yeah.
Well what are they waiting for?
They were a hot to trot.
They were on a bandwagon there.
What are they waiting on?
I guess they need to build the facility.
But they're not doing anything yet.
Yeah.
It's typical Florida man.
It's typical Florida.
Daily in the dollar short.
Don't start me in about those slots man.
Not today.
Oh.
I'm going to tell you something seriously.
This is one of the great scandals and of course we'll all be dead if we talk about it.
But this business of what goes on in every casino in anywhere where they have slot machines.
And I guess it probably is only the progressive, you know, the ones that are hooked together.
But probably not.
Because with the computer registration that they have today they put these babies on programs,
on timers in the computer room.
And you're sitting there for hours playing a dead machine.
It's a fraud.
It's like trying to think of a good comparison.
But it's just impossible.
They're just not going to pay.
That's what happened to me again yesterday.
And of course like a schmuck instead of walking out, running out, screaming, I just stayed there too long.
I said to run out.
And everybody's getting like all agitated and what's going on here?
You know, it just goes on and on.
It's impossible.
It's like the Joe Bell syndrome.
He's got slots.
No, he's got a slot all right.
Yeah.
Brackdom.
He's really doing it.
I'm seeing him lately.
Really?
Why sure?
Hope he isn't sick or something.
Oh man.
And I understand we got a new salesman.
A sales guy that's about two feet tall, who's like a male counterpart to the water Nazi.
That's the rumor I'm hearing.
He's about two feet tall and talks like this.
You know, he had to make a real good impression when he goes to call on accounts.
And then we got Brett.
We got Brett, who's the more how we're davidative sales.
We got Sirus, baby.
We got some real issues.
And I sent a scheming email to my first-while agent attorney, Ferry,
this morning, and he just don't respond.
He's like that at times.
If he can't call and hassle me on the phone for 40 minutes when I have a lawyer and drive this and can't speak,
he just don't want to be bothered.
What a loser.
He's going to do this and he's going to do that and he's going to meet with Joe Bell.
And he's going to, yeah, right.
The chickens are going to pee too like a toy just did.
It's going to be flood.
Everywhere his chickens are going to be floods.
It's great about bird flu.
It's going to be massive flooding all over the world.
Is the birds start peeing up the storm.
So I told you that horse wasn't going in the bell, ma.
He's not.
Bernadini.
Well, out.
Good luck to you.
You'll need it.
How many people do you think they're going to be watching that race?
About two, man.
Not a lot.
But Barbara is up and around.
He's OK and he's walking around and they said this still, you know, the virtue is still out.
And they're sending flowers and candy and fruit.
I guess that's the between American Idol and his Barbara are going to make it.
Those are the two things America is worried about today.
I have never watched American Idol.
Neither have I, nor would I ever, nor do I read any of the articles about it.
But I see all these big blasting headlines in the newscaster all over the place.
It just makes me want to gag.
65 million people voted deaf for this latest, whoever it is.
65 million.
That's so almost as many as you get in your daily polls.
Hello?
No comment.
No comment.
You get a lot of, you get a lot of response.
Not good.
People like to have their say phasing the phone calls out, man.
I'm making a big change here.
These last two and three quarter years.
I'm making some big changes.
How long would this current regime, they're, they're, they're clueless.
How long is your contract?
Like I said, what I just say, two and a half years.
Two and a half years.
I got about two and a half years to go.
And now that you mention it, actually, if you take those summers out of there,
I got probably about two years.
Because the summer is kind of cut it down pretty drastically.
What starts and less than three weeks, by the way, at summer schedule?
Well, I can't wait for that.
Here are a lot of George Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
You'll be crossing over with George three days a week.
Okay.
Give me a good chance to get out there early in the day and get my money back from yesterday.
Oh, God.
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
You know what I'm talking about?
You don't because you don't play the slots.
But if you, no, seriously, I gave you that assignment a long time ago and you fell down on the job.
You know, you know, I told you, you know, everybody and anybody, especially people in Vegas,
you got to find for me somebody that works in a, one, not anymore.
But once worked in a computer room in the last few years and these casinos.
And I want to find out the real skinny on that whole thing with the slots.
Because I know that they run different programs.
And all they got to do is press a button, man.
And they go on what I call the coma mode, which is like somehow related to the commode.
Yeah.
That's where it sends you right to the commode because you're punching that button and you're banging and clanging and shoving the money through there.
You might as well take a match and have a good bonfire.
You're playing a dead piece.
You know, it's like betting on a horse that's not trying to win the race.
They have no chance.
I like the name they have for Bush.
Governor, yeah, by hate gambling except for the lottery, I keep growing Bush.
Yeah.
Well, the good news is that the NFL isn't going to wait for him.
He's not going to win.
That was the story.
That story was BS.
Commissioner of the NFL.
That was never considered.
Henry Kissinger in the head of the soccer team.
You know what, you know what that was about?
Pat Rooney, who owns the dog track up in Palm Beach.
His brother owns the Steelers.
And I think he said to Deb.
And he's also doing the helping with the search for a new commissioner.
Should I give your name to Dan Rooney?
That's what that story was about.
So naturally, two or three reporters.
I have to have a bad habit of using his name to Mickey Rooney.
Two or three people take that and run with it like it's a real deal.
It's the Barry Jackass School of Journalism.
Right.
There you go.
It's the South Florida F and Ways of what it is.
Yeah.
The grandfather of the bogus story.
The grandfather of the peanut butter and baloney sandwich.
He specializes in the baloney part.
That's for sure.
That was one of the classic days of my life.
That he walled stuff to me at Pearson Airport here.
That was just shocking.
Shocking.
He was everything I expected him to be and then some.
And he admitted it.
I mean, a lot of things you say about me are true.
Well, what do you think of say to somebody?
I should have said, yeah, I can see that.
And I just threw the Toronto Sun out of my city.
Ever read the Sun Sports section?
I said, here, see what a real sports page is like.
He didn't know whether a scream or peel his banana.
Jackass.
Well, at least he lives up to his name anyway.
So you haven't seen Joe Bellaround.
Maybe he's looking for a new gig.
Because he's sure he ain't cutting it in this one.
I'll tell you that.
I don't know where he's been.
Anybody else seen Joe?
Joe who?
Joe mama.
Joe mama.
No, seriously.
Anybody see any sightings recently?
Is he like, uh, we have so many sales people here.
They have to rent out the stadium for their meeting.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's what they have the meetings at P.P. Park up the street.
How about those marlins?
They sweat.
They finally find a team crappy out.
They sweat them.
How do you like them?
What happens are bad.
That is shocking.
Cubs have lost 21 in the last 27 games.
Oh, good for them.
Now, we know why Harry croaked.
He realized it was time to go.
Yeah.
Well, you were a cubs fan at one time.
Yeah, thanks to him.
And now they really, now they really put the nail in the coffin.
And a lot of people I talked to who used to watch the cub games.
I mean, even after he died, there was still some interest there.
And they brought in Chip Curie and Steve Stone.
There were some still some slop over.
But now that they fired everybody out of a fit of peak.
And come to find out that the guys that were ripping them and asked
they were right, weren't they?
The cubs suck.
That they couldn't handle that.
So they bring in Len Casper from the marlins who is about as exciting as he.
He's one level up from Dave and boring.
Really weak.
Although not nearly as bad as a guy that reached Wallska.
That's scandalous.
You know, only in soft photo could somebody that bad be on the air pretending to be
a professional sportscaster and just get away with it.
So I feel like Jimmy Sifilis doing the dolphin games.
That's right. I forgot who's your buddy.
Hey, Jimmy.
You're very terrible.
Just awful.
So they lost 3.5 million on the dolphin games last year.
How much do you think they're going to lose this year?
I know we're going to lose a million and half on the marlins of the scuttlebot I'm here.
I would guess probably about the same.
So they're 3.5 million?
Yeah.
Well, good.
And then soft photo business journal can write another big prof piece and tell everybody how great Joel
Fimbler is doing with Daddy's money and how they're making a, making hay wall of
sunshine with a dolphin broadcast.
Just amazing what swill passes for truth in soft flora.
Bad news.
And basically the reason that happens is because nobody gives a crap about any of it anyhow.
Nobody cares about the other.
Nobody's in Hannibal.
There is no, that's right.
There's no passion for anything.
I guarantee you man, if they passed a bill and the legislature outlawing the early
burdener, you'd have old parts riding.
Maybe they'd be squeezing their colostomy bags all over the streets.
Lock and Traffy.
I'm telling you, they'd be taking their walkers and attacking each other with them.
That's a great idea.
A lot of the early burdener.
That's about the only kind of thing in software that allows any passion.
Neil, can I have a Wonder mug?
Boy do I miss those days.
Oh yeah.
They would know a Wonder mug from Wonder Woman.
They had no idea what it was, but they knew it was free and they wanted one.
Can I have a Wonder mug, Neil?
Oh brother, the only good part of it is that all those people are dead.
That's the good part.
They're all pushing up daisies.
We're still here.
All those people used to give us all that crap all the time.
Are you guys there, Mopion?
Yeah, right.
They're all dead now.
And we're still fumbling our way along.
Just taking the money right to the bank and right to the track and right to the machines and the
paramutual windows and having a good time with it.
Yep.
It's a way to do it.
We're right to the shoulders people.
The one?
Shudders.
Hurricanes show.
Oh, hurricanes.
I already got mine.
Thanks God.
That's right.
It's already next week starts hurricane season.
Yep.
Another good reason to be out of Florida.
Boy, there's so many.
Let me count the waities.
I'll be traveling a lot this summer.
Really?
Yep.
I was just reading in the paper this morning about terrorism would be a perfect fit for the
World Cup.
I sure.
Frankfurt's a good place.
Blow that up.
I hate Frankfurt.
That's a horrible place.
Blow that up.
Stadabralin.
But that's where the World Cup is.
Well, it's also, it moves around.
It's in different places.
Frankfurt, Berlin.
I don't know where else.
Maybe Stupegart.
Cologne.
I ask you if you ever been in Cologne?
No.
Oh, boy.
That's a beautiful place.
That's great.
You go to Cologne on the train from like Amsterdam or wherever.
Yep.
Frankfurt.
And you get out the train station is just beautiful by itself.
I got all these beautiful restaurants and shops.
It's fabulous.
And then you get walk out of there and you see the big, you know, how every city in
Germany in Europe has got a big church.
Yeah.
And the DOM, the DOM, the huge old churches right there right across the street from the train station.
Just enormous.
And then from there are all these beautiful glitzy new shops, great food and all kinds of good stuff.
That's how you talk about Brussels has beautiful churches.
Really?
Yeah.
I haven't been there yet, but I think I may go this.
Brussels is a pretty good city.
So I heard.
It's about two hours on the train from Amsterdam.
That's correct.
Well, maybe we check that out.
They got that Belgian chocolate there.
I better stay away from that.
That's some good restaurants there though.
That's what I hear.
And I'm not the chocolate.
I have a friend of mine who went to Brussels last few months ago when he went to London.
In fact, we go to London and now they go on that tube.
You know, right.
He goes right across English Channel and you can go anywhere you want.
Yeah, I've taken that to Paris.
Have you really?
Yep.
How long is that day?
Like two hours.
Huh.
Two hours on that tube.
Yep.
Well, listen, I got a lot of fish to fry here today.
We got to make up for yesterday.
Well, that's right.
You guys are sure it's show.
Yes.
It's show.
Yes, today.
Unfortunately.
Yeah, my day at the joint yesterday, it started out bad and it went downhill from there.
No.
Oh, no baseball today.
Thank God.
No, actually, we do have baseball today, but the bad news is we get a real screw in.
Oh, it's on K-T.
It's on K-T.
We're farming it out.
It's the one o'clock.
Because the Keens lost yesterday to Georgia Tech.
And so their game of one o'clock today is on AM 1360.
For those people to be two and then to one o'clock for the Keens game, it's on 1360.
It's on K-T.
If you have a real good way to live near Alton Road, you'll be able to hear it.
Yeah, you know, or near Bay Road over there on the beach.
But we're Joe Fried used to hang out.
Maybe that's where Joe Bell sang it out.
Yeah, Joe and Joe.
You want to go here to the Keens game?
Be a good place for him.
I will sit over and says he's not allowed over there.
Those are the days, man.
Those were really the days.
Too bad you missed out on him.
We had quite, you ever know Bob Allen or salesman?
Oh, yeah, very well.
Professional Catholic, professional motor name.
Motor name, biggest motor name fan I remember.
This son called me on the year he or her few years ago.
Because Bob died a long time ago.
Yeah.
And then we had the neurotic sales guy.
Boy, you talk about sales people.
Holy moly.
I always thought you remember the names of those guys.
We had one guy who used to be in the carpet selling business.
He was one of our sales people.
And then we had Mark OG.
The last day, mom, this came to me.
Mark Tall guy would tell you, of course everybody was Jewish.
That's what Bob Allen used to hate.
That's the Jewish station.
Of course he was an ordinary name, guys.
Yeah, you figured out.
And Jewish station.
So many Jews on here.
Yeah.
So many Jews on here.
So many Jews on here.
And Russell and Craig Worthing and Jim Alton.
Hey, Jimmy.
You're fair.
He's dead anyway.
Well, listen, have a great day.
You're true.
Reminus about KT, I think today.
Jean T. Bloom.
Didn't know him.
He was the other news guy with Joe Freed.
I thought you would Joe Freed.
I remember Joe Freed.
Yeah.
What was he born?
He was so born.
In fact, I met with the, I had lunch with Joe Freed at the,
is it the Miramar diner?
Is that the name of the place in Hellendale?
The Miramar diner.
Before he actually put the finishing touches on hiring me.
He wanted Joe to have lunch with me.
So that Joe felt he had some, you know, say in hiring me in.
Yeah.
I had lunch with the, or brunch or whatever was it the Miramar diner
with Joe Freed.
He's dead now too.
Long, long, long since.
Well, listen, have a great day.
Yeah, you're so.
It was about dead people anymore.
It's just not the, yeah, my idea of fun.
No.
But at least it ain't us.
Austin, Mannyanna.
And you don't need too much.
Nope.
The music stressed on the previous video.
Look at that timing.
It's time for, uh, Jolly O'Leary.
Maybe not reflect those of the, uh,
Hey, Yelda.
It's the house advertisers for agents.
I'm a one-hour charity.
What was it?
Oh.
I'm sorry.
It's not for you, sir.
Four-hour charity.
Thank you, Scott.
I love you.
I, I'm having a J affair with Hank.
Come here.
You take great ones.
Yeah.
You gonna do?
I've got a radio show.
Yeah, a white guy.
Ha!
I think all that can matter.
I got so much here.
It's a good idea.
There's trouble in the paradise.
Got a manager that knows about Ray the video.
There's trouble in the paradise.
He might find out how fair my show's blow.
I guess to find something else to talk about.
Besides, it's important.
It's not an out-top women and topic now.
Not a video now, pal.
Just my book.
Quick, my butt.
Take it like I don't get none.
Take it like you're my ticket, Hank.
Then assume a penalistic stance.
There's trouble in the paradise.
They might find something at the payment.
There's trouble in the paradise.
Got a mistress, a good host, Hank.
You're gonna have to get along with me now.
You're gonna have to get in there.
You're gonna have to get along with me now.
You're gonna have to get along with me now.
No more.
It's a test-decent already.
We better hop right into the break and get this,
maybe crank it up.
The only at Kona's Clubhouse Grill.
Who's gonna get that to know him?
Mad Dog at Kona's Clubhouse Grill.
Four to seven to seven to seven.
A lot of activity at Kona's Clubhouse Grill.
Kona's Clubhouse Grill.
Hurricane highlight at seven.
Curtis Stevenson at 8.80K.
No ballgame, Marlon's Eve Day West after sweeping him Cubs.
If you love voting, get your ass out on the water.
They smart way with our friends at Club Notico.
Instead of buying a boat and wasting all that money,
call Club Notico at 1-800-Volt rent right now.
Why would you want to pay the expenses of vote ownership
and go through all the headaches when you can rent one totally hassle-free?
That's the smart way to do it.
Join the club Club Notico.
Call 1-800-Volt rent.
You'll be amazed at just how easy it is.
No docking cause.
No expensive upkeep.
No insurance.
No hurricane preparation.
And don't forget Hurricane season just days away.
With the vote from Club Notico, it's totally stress-free and truly affordable too.
Call them at 1-800-Volt rent and find out for yourself.
No getting the vote ready cause Club Notico does it for you.
No cleaning up either.
They take care of all of these things.
At Club Notico, you just hop on your boat go and have a fantastic time
when you're all done.
Pull into the dock.
Get off and go on your way.
It's that easy.
Call them today.
Club Notico at 1-800-Volt rent from unlimited voting to pay as you go
from small boats to the odd charters.
It's Club Notico.
1-800-Volt rent.
Call them at Club Notico Taylor or plan to fit your needs and your budget.
Get on the water today.
The smart way, the inexpensive, the hassle-free way with Club Notico.
1-800-Volt rent.
This is Neal Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
Power David's a bitch.
When I never saw an achieve the Prince Secretary turned his out.
That kind of phrase.
We come to know such a surprise since he's a wise, drunk, and served from Fox Nancy and you.
They just like that and stand not enough black-eyed and duly.
Christian White is praying for another delivery game.
I don't want to talk to Charby.
That's up from the White Inventor.
God don't so.
Just get away.
I don't want to talk to Charby.
I get nobody can blow as good as Tony Snow.
He's going to pay the man until they've banned his nut to put himself in the tent.
You get it.
No evidence.
We've got to know y'all like the two.
We ain't going to see that on the new cars.
Another son of a bitch.
We know it is dumbass.
We've got it stuck.
Me and his permanent desire.
Nothing.
If he's confirmed or denied, I don't want to talk to Charby.
We see we're not the last but the P.O.
Not it.
He says.
I don't want to talk to Charby.
You see?
Hello, and you go.
Follow me, Tony Snow.
He helps.
Errr.
I don't want to talk to Charby.
You're more dumb.
You can't confirm or deny this administration has no time.
I don't want to talk to Charby.
I don't want to talk to Charby.
He's got a shotgun jam.
I use cheap new at the pay.
He used to use Republican pay.
A paid partly for the Watt House,
and a little bit of a sign of both people.
Another bridge to point is a madness of president Duffan.
And it's a sea wall, huh?
Tony, we'll bend over for it.
You don't want it to touch the Charby.
I don't want to hug the tar baby.
I don't want to hug the tar baby.
10-22 and 5-60 WDQ.
I mean I don't like it any on him I guess.
So you haven't talked to Joe Bellar on lately huh?
Either one of you?
No lately no.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
I think he's gone.
I think he's out.
Gone fishing?
No just gone, period.
I can't remember for a little husky since you've gone.
I can't remember.
I reckon he's gone.
That's what I'm thinking.
And deservedly so by the way.
Maybe that's why I'm not getting no information from Norma Cant or maybe just because Norma is as usual of playing hard to get.
Maybe Norma Cant.
There's no question about that.
No matter you fill in the blank, whatever it is.
All we got, you're a deal done real nice there.
Yes he did.
Which I paid him for.
Thank you.
Maybe that's right, I didn't get there yet.
Maybe that's why he's playing hard balls.
Well did you send it?
Carrier pigeon or pony express?
Both.
If Neil stopped taking calls, that was our poll yesterday.
We had 1625 votes on that.
I'll listen the same.
771.
And we're not stopping taking calls.
It's just that very, very spotty.
Like the guy that does the weather on Channel 4 in Buffalo, he's always talking about what's his name?
Don Paul.
Spotty showers.
I just, the way he says it just gives me, I don't know, the spilkeys.
Spotty showers.
I never heard anybody pronounce that word that way before.
Very pedantic.
Spotty.
Anyway, listen to the same.
771.
47.5%.
The caller is sucked 215.
Another 13.2%.
So that's over 60% right there.
I'll kill myself because I have no life.
145.
I'll listen less.
122.
I hate this poll 110.
I'll stop listening.
71.
4.3% won't listen no more if we don't take any calls.
WQYM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
That's an awesome thing on your bike.
Yeah huh?
See that's another thing too that we are.
You don't have to even bother fading them out.
Because those people when they do it,
it's just a natural reaction.
Well okay, well whatever.
Because they ain't going to get on anyway.
Because I'm just going to dump them.
See I'm taking, I know, because our management is just like,
useless is limps spaghetti, you know?
Limps molars pasta.
And so I'm just taking control and taking the show back from these
people who have, I feel like we've been hijacked by about a half
a dozen idiots.
And I'm taking it back.
And that's one way of doing it right there.
I'll stop listening 71, likely story.
Listen much less 67.
Kishtor radio 48.
Give it a big juicy wet one.
Listen more 43.
And listen much more 33.
That's what I should have voted for.
I'll listen a lot more.
Less calls more listening.
Sounds reasonable to me.
Yeah, it sounds pretty interesting.
The fact that there is no Jo Bell around and there's just a no Jo Mama.
I guess we're on automatic pilot.
Is that what could be a list?
Plus they've been going to say,
maybe they're selling the station.
Let's start that room.
How can you sell it when you haven't got a license?
You keep selling it.
You can't do that.
You can't sell what you don't have.
Oh, listen.
From your mouth to the Lord's ears.
Maybe they have a lick.
They are gone.
Yeah.
They are unbelievable.
Please, pretty please.
And of course there are a lot of rumors floating around.
I don't want to say who told me.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Anyway, speaking of radio,
lawyers on both sides of the CBS Corp and Howard Stern breach of contract law.
Soot said they have settled.
They announced that yesterday.
That you've said it about that?
No.
A clerk in the courtroom,
judicial hearing officer Ira Gammerman,
said lawyers for the party.
Or maybe that's what Mary Norma is.
Maybe he was involved in them heavy-duty negotiations.
Lawyers for the party's called around 315 yesterday afternoon when asked to head in the
agreement.
The clerk said as far as she knew they didn't divulge details.
I'm sure they'll be leaking out.
CBS sued Stern in February claiming that its former radio shock jock breached his contract
with the broadcast job when he moved a serious satellite.
The lawsuit was also named serious.
It's Stern improperly you CBS's radio air tender prone is new satellite.
So it's began in January.
CBS also said Stern made plans with serious without disclosing them.
The CBS's his contract required.
What do you require?
A woman in the office of Stern's lawyer, Peter Partcher marked that down.
Peter Partcher, maybe I'll call him later in a day.
Okay.
There's no one.
I got to get a real lawyer, man, because the one I got, he's just a silly person.
You know, he's probably rolling up the newspaper with a big fat dooby.
Peter Partcher confirmed that the sides had agreed to a settlement, but she said he agreement
had me have been signed.
She said Partcher was available to comment.
He's busy working for neo-rodgers now.
CBS lawyer Irving Nathan did not immediately return a call for comment.
Irving Nathan, another guy with two first names, Stern moving around we know about that,
but a beep bit of a boop right.
And then speaking of that, all you better do the break.
So we got backed up because of that long crossover with a Humper.
Got some bad news about these serious and ex-instalk, dropping like a bowling ball
from the top of the serious tower.
I wonder why that is, you think?
I don't know what that is.
Let's speculate.
I'll tell you one thing.
I'd give my left nut to be on a satellite right now.
I wouldn't care if it was either one of them in anything, just anything with this Joe Bell business we got going on.
Maybe he's just going into hiding.
I mean, if I were him, I'd hide 28.
Oh, there's a massive power outage in the Northeast and tracks all screwed up.
And but a beep bit of a not here though, but a massive power outage like in the New York.
But it seems.
Trans, how are they?
How are they?
We are taking them into the station so they're able to be bored.
And at this time.
From DC to the main road.
We can take them to their destination.
But how are they doing?
Are they in the injury?
No, don't report to any injuries.
Just gather there.
It's not an amtrak thing.
I don't know what they're getting us all.
You ever ride amtrak?
Like once in my life, I think.
Well, don't do it again.
From Seattle to Montana.
Almost Memorial Day.
It's coming upon Monday.
Time for the mattress and furniture stores to run their phony sales when they double the price to then they offer you half off.
Well, those big adgenious to figure out that's not much of a deal.
Don't waste time and money driving around shopping for a mattress.
And then they're going to save like never before when you call dial amtrakis at 1-800-Matras right now.
The prices are a lot slower than the mall stores, even during these so-called half-off sales.
Only dial amtrakis delivers from 8 in the morning till 10 a night, air every day.
Same day delivery is available.
And you choose your date and time with an eight-door window that you pick when it's convenient for you when you want them to show up and they do.
They do do it.
That's why they're ranked number one in the world for the best customer service in a business.
That's why I've used them for years.
And dial amtrakis has the complete line of all the top mattress names like SIRTA and SEALY, Simmons and King Coil.
Temperpetex, Stearns and Banana's Foster.
When you call 1-800-Matras, you get the best price and the best brands.
You don't have to schlep all over town wasting that expensive gas getting worked up into a sweat.
You just sit right there and pick up the phone and make that easy call. That's all it takes.
Beware those half-off sales. Do the smart thing.
Pick up that phone right now. Call 1-800-Matras or log on to their website mattress.com.
Stay comfortably as soon as tonight on a great new mattress from dial amtras.
1-800-MAT-RES.
Leave off the last S because it stands for Suspicious.
This is Neil Roger. What's all it takes is 5.62-A.
You can't go anywhere.
You can't go anywhere.
You can't go anywhere.
You can't go anywhere.
You can't go anywhere.
You can't go anywhere.
You can't go anywhere.
You can't go anywhere.
You can't go anywhere.
You can't go anywhere.
You can't go anywhere.
You can't go anywhere.
You can't go anywhere.
You can't go anywhere.
I'm sure. Yeah. Pop this.
533 votes on a pool today.
We are definitely not going to make that $1,000 during the show today.
I can say that, well, I just ain't going to happen. They don't like this pool.
They don't like it. They don't want it.
And I don't blame them. It's not that good.
It was sent by Mike from Melbourne. One of our listeners, I think that's who was.
Yeah. Sorry, Mike. They don't like your pool.
But nevertheless, it's okay.
If WQM had a mascot, what should it be?
A fat 2-186.
And Ami-ba because nobody has a spine there, 129.
A jackass, 99.
A hyena because of the high-pitched voice.
Oh!
43.
I'm a 1-0 Joey!
A bull because they're full of bullshit, 39.
A cowardly lion, 37. That was my vote.
Me too. How about that, really?
Yeah, because they're afraid to be a real radio station.
In other words, you're suggesting that they know what that means.
No.
And a vampire bad for the bloods.
Huh?
Well, that's right. They're doing the afaralarm now.
Oh, this will add to it.
A vampire bad for the bloodsucking cells department only before.
I better close the door, speaking of four.
Okay. Okay.
Oh, that was nice.
Okay.
There we go.
This is closed the door.
You'll probably hear a little slap over from that light.
The monthly fire alarm here, my building,
had a little of a disaster to it.
Starbucks Connection.
Now this morning, we saw a piece on MSNBC about the iPod,
the secret iPod.
Right.
You just sneak it in your shoe.
And not only will you listen to the music,
but it also tell you how fast you're running or walking,
and how many miles you've gone, how many calories you've burned,
and how bad your feet smell.
How bad your feet stink like hell,
and what you just stepped in,
what that smells like, all of these things.
All of these things.
So everywhere you go, there's more and more of this stuff.
So, you know, throw out your FM radio,
and nobody in the right mind wants that.
Throughout your AM radio too, while you're at it.
They did that a long time ago.
Starbucks Connection to the music industry
is growing more and more over the years,
with exclusive album releases.
So, only if you beat with this coffee shop.
Late last year, rumors began swirling,
and that the company was looking to get into the digital music business,
after an interview with CEO Howard Schultz hinted at such.
Now comes the report today.
That Starbucks will use its in-store wireless internet setup
to begin selling music downloads at their stores.
Okay.
They have a cup of coffee,
and you can also download some music.
VNUNET.com, whatever that is,
reports that Starbucks would add more wireless,
can you hear the thing in the back?
No, not really.
Can't hear that?
The first train.
Reports that Starbucks would add more wireless hotspots to its stores,
allowing for further expansion of a potential digital music service.
The company already operates three of its here music stores,
which allows customers to sample music,
and burn a copy with a like to a CD in the store.
Starbucks Entertainment President Ken Lombard recently addressed the here music initiative,
which has met with mixed results so far in the speech.
Customers want to bring their devices into our stores,
he said.
But you ever bring a device into a Starbucks?
All the time.
We don't have a solution today,
he said we're committed to finding one.
Well, not a setting.
Let's go to Starbucks and download some music,
and have a big cup of coffee.
Everybody in their brother now is drinking all of them designer coffees,
and all the plastic a-holes out there.
Yummy, yummy, yummy.
Tim Horton Starbucks, you name it.
There are every street corner.
Oh, that maca latte with whipped cream.
Yeah, that's right.
With 8 million calories and lots of caffeine.
Yummy, yum.
And a load of wood sugar.
A lot of other things that are really bad for you.
They have malt too.
Do they really?
Yeah, they have a coffee latte malt.
Ooh, that doesn't sound good, although I do like those
you're mocoshated.
Great herbies, I do like that.
Oh, yeah, man.
Well, anyway, getting back to the,
a lot of radio talk here, too bad.
Too bad we're not in the business anymore.
XM satellite radio holding is lowered its forecast
for for your subscriber growth and revenue yesterday,
citing overall softness of retail sales
for satellite radio in a certain quarter,
and product availability problems.
The company shares XMTumble that you 11%.
XM which competes with serious satellite
is in the emerging business of selling nationwide radio
service delivered by satellite.
Said, an hour's spec staff 8 and a half million subscribers
by the end of the year down from its previous estimate of 9 million.
They originally were saying,
yeah, it's not 8 and a half.
And that's still probably optimistic.
The Washington DC based company also said that an hour's spec staff
pulled your subscriber revenue of 835 million dollars.
By the way, Joe Costello tells me that they're basically
gear next to XMT World Rednecks.
That's it?
Yeah, truck drivers.
I?
Down from its previous estimate of 860 million.
The company told investors on April 27 when it reported
the first quarter results that expected to reach those
full-year goals, but they're not.
XM shares which already were down about 50 cents prior to the
announcement fell even further closing down a buck 76 or 11.4%
of 13.75 after dipping as low as 13.43.
Let's see, where's the thing about this series?
It's the, I don't want to read this whole thing as really ponder.
It sounds like Rick Riley.
Satellite radio shares have lost their status as stock market
darlings in recent months, as investors worry about their continuing
losses and highest fences for selling up subscribers as well as
top tier talent such as Shock Jack Howard Stern who's
contract with Sirius's worth 500 million big ones.
Sirius shares have also suffered in recent months and are
down 45.1% of the year to date.
Sirius shares?
I'm Sirio.
Sirius fell 22 cent or 5.6% to close at $3.68 on the NASDAQ
52 week low, $3.68.
XM is also delivered by the bad surprises of investors,
originally, including news last month that federal regulators were
probing its marketing practices.
The company also disclosed earlier this year that one of its
directors quit over disagreements about the company's direction and
warned of a looming crisis.
Oh no.
And if that has been enough earlier this month, XM was sued by major
record companies over a new iPod-like device that can
store up to 50 hours of music.
The suit claims that XM's handheld inno and fringes on music
copyrights by recording music and automatically parsing the files
by song and artiste.
How do you like that?
I like it.
It sounds to me like they're in deep-doodle-man.
I can smell it.
I can smell it in my sneaker iPod.
I got over 600 songs in my iPod.
All right.
Just what do we get?
What's the risk?
Huh?
Just what do we get that risk?
All the hits of the 60s?
When's that coming?
In the next diplomatic pouch.
Oh, OK.
Is that coming on the same day that Norma's email about what's going on
with Joe Bell and all these other issues?
Is that what I'm going to get there soon?
Well, I just take a look right now and see if that's happening or not.
If that check didn't get there yet, maybe the mail was real slow.
I could always stop payment on it.
Maybe they quarantined the address.
There's nothing on there.
There's absolutely nothing on there.
So, you know, the hours go by and the days go by and by the beep,
but what I'm like, you know, ill with the flu,
and I got a little anxiety, so I don't want to speak.
Then it's another one of those frantic phone calls.
I like that, you know, for 45 minutes.
Get me all whipped up into a frenzy.
You know, misery loves company.
Stress.
Stress kills Norma, OK?
Stress kills.
You lunatic.
You are.
You're a ferry.
Hey, if you think you have termites in your home and speaking about things
and people who bugged the hell out of you,
you need to call a ridded pest control today for a free term.
What was during his lawyer's name?
Peter Puck, was that it?
I don't know.
Think of that.
How about those sabers?
All right.
Ritted pest control uses that amazing orange-roll treatment
that kills termites and the rezonda percent on contact.
They're gone faster than you can say.
Joe Bell is the invisible man.
If you have termites, it's the best possible way to get rid of them.
You don't have to tent your house and make a circus in your neighborhood
and make the neighbors laugh their ass.
In fact, they're probably not laughing.
They're probably crying from embarrassment.
They can have bad, their property value is going to go down
because you got that tent cover in your house.
No worry about poison, it's gas.
No moving out or staying in hotels.
No worrying about food or your pets and your health.
Because the folks at ridded pest control treat your home
with this amazing orange oil.
You don't have to leave it all.
Just stick around.
In fact, when they're not treating the property they're waiting left behind
is the clean, refreshing scent of oranges.
For just a few days, it's a real, much higher.
It's probably kosher, too.
It's true.
If you have a termite problem, call ridded pest control right down,
find out about this amazing orange-roll treatment that kills termites
and the rezonda percent on contact.
No tenting, no BS, no kids.
Call right now for a free inspection.
There's no obligation.
But it's the beginning of termite season.
It's a good time to take a peek.
Call 1-800-447-4348.
That's 1-800-447-4348.
Be sure and tell him that Todd Dreck told you to call ridded.
1-800-447-4348.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5-62-8-8.
All the crap you can unwrap.
All the slime, all the time.
All the slime, all the time.
All the slime, all the time.
All the slime, all the time.
I picked guys, cremendies and two girls and a dog.
That sounds like how you got pregnant.
Ooh, you got winning sickers?
Oh, pizza.
I see you like pepperoni.
Yeah.
What's that?
What the hell?
It's one of those silica packets.
You know, in the box, like when you get a new CD player,
the silicone packet.
It says, do not eat.
I'm in a mistake.
What do you think it is?
I'm like, size.
Whoa, it's a Lego.
It's a Sanahara.
It's called a pepperoni juicer, well that's all it is.
10-47-560 WQAM.
Gary Indiana.
A male student who was one woman's clothing to school all year
was turned away from her.
Maybe he saw that movie last days.
No, because I've heard Cobain in that neat black slip.
What was that all about?
Can you add that?
I'm sorry.
Yeah, like I can explain that.
It was an art, man.
It was all about the city.
Don't you know?
It was a piece of crap.
A male student, a student who was one woman's clothing to school all year
in Gary Indiana, was turned away from his high school prom
because he was wearing a dress.
Kevin Logan, 18, went to the west side high school prom on Friday in a
slinky fuchsia gown and heels.
You're fairing.
He believes officials discriminate against him by not allowing him inside.
A fuchsia gown and heels.
Lovely.
I have no formal picture.
No memory is nothing.
You only have one prom, he said.
Logan, who is gay, received an $85 refund for his prom ticket to
the day, but he still wasn't satisfied.
He said he's considering filing a complaint with the Indiana Civil Liberties Union.
Sylvester Rowan, assistant to Gary School Superintendent Mary Steele,
said school policy ban's meals from wearing dresses.
Well, why the hell would that be?
What if you wanted to wear a guilt?
Exactly.
You'd probably get guilt in Indiana.
Or a priest's robe.
Right.
I mean, what the hell is it there, business, if they don't have a dress,
right?
I don't know how can a guy wear a dress.
And I mean, if girls can wear jeans, don't they all the time?
Sure.
You betcha.
And pants suits?
Yeah.
Some of the dikes wear that, like Mary Cheney.
Excluding Logan from the prom is based on the dress code,
not the student's homosexuality.
That's his personal preference, said Mary.
Tyrone Hanley, the youth program coordinator for the gender public
advocacy coalesce in Washington DC, the gender public advocacy coalition.
Said he often sees cases like this and called the gender-based discrimination.
Preventing really short skirts for everyone is a fair dress code.
Preventing them from meals is not.
In this in which he wasn't wearing a short skirt, he was wearing a dress.
A lovely, slinky fuchsia gown and some really fashionable heels.
That was it, slit.
Logan said he had spent years defining and exploring his sexuality.
This year he took a major step by dressing as a female every day,
wearing makeup, I hear weave, nails, and girls fitted jeans to school.
His mother, Donetta Logan, said she was not surprised by what she called the ignorance
of school administrators.
I tell Kevin that in society there will be those who accept him and those who won't.
I think the mother ought to be buggy whipped, should it be horse whipped.
Kind of a parent lets their kids, you know, the boys go to school and
oh, it's always gay, big deal.
It means he got to go like some kind of a screaming fruitcake.
What is that?
That's a bad.
That's for a band for all the rest of his fruit cakes.
500 and what does that say on there?
We're not going to make that thousand a day no chance.
560 and I don't want Mike and Melbourne to feel bad because he did fax in this pool.
570.
We haven't got a Chinaman's chance and a Purgatory getting to a thousand a day.
And we got the whole four hours, no ball game today.
We do have that game at one o'clock on KET.
Hurricanes and somebody.
I'm going to tell you something.
This is the kind of stuff that's going on.
We get a revised schedule that doesn't even show that they lost, which I already looked that up.
I said I lost to Georgia Tech yesterday.
Was it two to one, I think?
I don't know.
Why?
I didn't know because I seen it on the hero.
I looked it up.
Like you said, two to one.
Yeah.
And they don't even put on who they're playing like an afterthought.
You know, Clarence, I'm going to tell you, you're picking up right there with the rest of that outfit is left off.
You just gave up.
You just have given up, man.
You silly person, but thanks for making sure that checks on the way.
It's all I care about.
Today is the 25th Annette.
Yes, payday.
See, they adopted the same attitude as me and a Humper and everybody else.
As long as we get paid, they don't care about anything.
They don't give a flying crap.
WKYM, hello.
Okay, that's two for two and it's fine with me.
I like once every half hour we'll check it out.
There might be somebody with some of the say today, although I have my doubts.
Because we're five for five right now.
How long can that record continue, right?
Right.
In the last two days, we had two on Tuesday and three sensational calls yesterday.
And even they haven't acted today, you know, a button once.
Vice President Dick Cheney could be called a test to find the perjury case against his former chief of staff
and special prosecutor said the court filing yesterday.
Special counsel Patrick Fitzgerald.
I wonder if he's came to very Fitzgerald.
Suggested Cheney would be a local government witness because he could authenticate NoTea job at an age of July 6, 2003.
New York Times opinion piece by a former US ambassador, Ambassador by Joseph Wilson.
Fitzgerald said Cheney's state of mind is directly relevant to whether a scooter liby, his former top aide lied to FBI agents and a federal grand jury about what.
Now this is all such a pile of crap, you know, as if we know already know the answers to these things.
And I know you'd say, well, knowing the answers is the one thing but proving it in court, that's another thing.
Well, just put them all in jail and federal prison.
Yet then, in the Times article, former US ambassador Joseph Wilson accused the Bush administration of twisting intelligence on a rack to justify going to war.
Cheney wrote on the article, had they done this sort of thing before, sent an ambassador to answer a question, do we ordinarily send people out there pro bono to work for us or did his wife sent him on a junket?
They'll be told the agents of the grand jury.
He believed he had learned from reporters that Plain was married to Wilson.
They've forgotten that Cheney had told him that in the weeks before Wilson's article was published.
Go get him.
Like that.
Cheney viewed Wilson's allegations as a personal attack because the article suggested that the vice president knew that Wilson had discounted old reports that a rack had tried to buy.
You ain't even yellow cake from these years to building nuclear weapon.
All the lies all the time.
Eight days after Wilson's article, conservative syndicated columnist, the Nazi Robert Novak identified Plain and suggested she had played a role in the CIA's decision to send Wilson to these years.
Smir and Schmir.
That's the specialty of this group.
Smir and Schmir, that's all they know how to do.
See, and John Kerry, who was overheard.
Remember that deal in the 2004 campaign there?
Right.
Saying, this is the worst point.
They overheard and they played it on the news.
See, if he had any balls, which he doesn't, he wouldn't have any brains and any balls, which I guess he lost in Vietnam, he would have said,
not only did I say it, but let me elaborate on that.
Yeah.
I said, well, about him.
Smir and Schmir and lying and conniving and thieving.
Butch and Nazis, these, see, if he would have done that, he would have won the election.
They couldn't, it wouldn't have been close enough to fix it, no hire.
They couldn't have done that.
But he didn't, and they did.
And that's where we are right now.
Stuck with this Nazi regime.
And what is America's care about?
American Idol.
They can show that the grey-headed geek on here again, which I have no idea who he is or what he does.
And you told me you actually heard him try to sing and we just put feathers.
Another news this morning, or one of those shows, he's a phoenix.
He's a phoenix, he's a phoenix too for what it's worth.
Oh, no, no kidding.
No kidding.
Well, that I'm willing to watch.
Screamer.
I guess not the sum of you with mainly in the two of the gray-back.
I thought to myself one thing.
Fiiiing!
Good, God.
In fact, maybe he can go to the prom with that kid and Gary Indiana.
Which one has the Tony?
I'm sure he has his own dress.
No, they really?
Yes.
Well, I see it.
WKYM, hello.
Nothing.
No, nothing.
I didn't have to do anything with that one.
I didn't have to doctor it.
Dump it.
Pump it.
5, 6, 7.
See, we will take call or two here and there and we might actually get one on the air today.
Or not, as the case may be, it's a little consequence to me.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And 0, 5, 60 and he've arrived in a singular wireless line.
Maybe some of the audience knows where Joe Bell is.
Maybe we can get a Joe Bell siding.
You think?
I doubt it.
You do?
I can never know.
Maybe he's across the street.
Maybe he's over there again because I'm sure he's on their payroll.
Maybe it's the time of the month.
Maybe he's picking up his paycheck.
So we're across the street.
He's got to be on their payroll.
WKYM, hello.
QYM?
Uh-oh.
Is it a lie?
WKYM, hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Is this Neil?
Yes.
Well, you mentioned this thing about the GIT teams.
The article that was written about some Englishmen describing the smell of something.
Right.
It is a pack of cigarettes.
Oh, and if you...
That was something we were talking about there, French.
Yes.
And if you can imagine, you recall camels and lucky strikes.
Oh, yes.
Got wrenches.
Well, this is in a blue package about the same size in the tobacco is black.
And it...
And so are your lungs.
Oh, you remember Casablanca?
This is the cigarette of the day in that room.
This is what put a happy bull garden in a really grave.
Oh, and a mural.
If you spend any time in France and I have, this is the most Neil.
Seeing is believing.
This is something that when a pack is open, you know how you open the cellophane and you take the top off.
Yeah.
The smell of it, you're about to notch you over.
Not to mention one that's just been stuffed in an asterisk somewhere.
So whoever wrote the article about the smell of...
Oh, they're coming right on it.
Oh, this...
This is...
Anyway, it's a sort of a medium to dark blue package.
And if you're ever in Europe and you see something...
You're one thing about the European cigarettes.
All the ones that I've ever smelled of, they're all very strong.
I mean, they're like real gut wrenches.
No, but this tobacco is sort of a dark brown, almost black.
And the smell of it is so unique.
Can I go to Jay?
Yeah.
The smell of it is so unique that I just wanted to update you because I know that someone Googled this and we have to get it right now.
Okay, thanks a lot, Palli.
You're welcome.
Okay, without to check that out.
Frank, you see now there's a really good call. We're one for one again.
See that?
We'll count.
Six.
Six for six.
10, 57, and 5, 60, and WQM.
Let's take a look at that scale.
I already did that.
And then we got Geltie and Comet before that.
Geltie and Comets Clubhouse grill at two in the Mad Dog, also with the same joint at four.
And then about your hurricane stuff. And courtesy date.
Over to seven in the mail.
Wait a minute, there's no hurricane hotline. Curtis is on for three hours.
Oh.
But don't tell me the occurrence is actually updating the schedule now.
I'm doing a little bit of work.
Yeah, there's a little bit of work going on.
Maybe we buy all the food.
The hurricane's are playing at our clock on KT since they lost yesterday the Georgia Tech 2-1, which I had looked that up.
Because of the clarity of doing his job.
He might as well be invisible too along with Joe Bill.
And as all, all just just tell him all the take the month off the rest of it.
In fact, tell him to take the rest of the year off.
Oh, they already are.
What's better than staying cool, comfortable all summer long.
In fact, all year long. And at sweatbox, we know we sound Florida.
Huh?
87 years, then, I believe.
Isn't that correct?
They're boots.
How about getting an instant $1,200 cool cash rebate on the world's smartest air conditioner,
the five star edition of the Carrier Infinity System?
You can get this fabulous system from Royce Air and Heath, where they've been taken through a tri-county area of families for three generations.
What is that? Is that that package with the movie?
Right. Rear entry. I mean, rear window.
Okay. As the Carrier factory authorized, the Royce guarantees your 100% satisfaction.
And that guarantee is backed by Carrier, the people in the Vettor conditioning in the first place.
And now, if in Vettor, they Carrier Infinity System.
The Infinity System is so great. It actually performs a daily diagnostic check.
And then adjust itself to make sure that you're getting maximum efficiency.
What's not to like?
To maintain maximum efficiency on your current air conditioner, whatever kind you may have.
The smart thing to do is to join the Royce Air and Heath Comfort Club.
Twice a year, they come to your home, they inspect and tune up your AC system.
If you have any kind of a problem, any kind of all your enjoy priorities, same day service, and 10% off on any need to repairs too.
All of these things were just $110 a year.
So whether you choose the two-speed Infinity System with Puran or peace of mind with the Comfort Club, either way, make the smart choice, the Royce choice.
That's Royce Air and Heath, ROYCE. Royce Air and Heath at 1-800-377-0075. Turn to the experts of Carrier by calling Royce at 1-800-377-0070.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62-A-S.
This is the Neil Rogers Show. This is your brain.
You haven't heard from him in a while, and that was a good thing.
But now, Michael Bolton is back. No, not the John Bolton who looks like Captain K. Grouw.
Or the Josh let us in, let us in, Bolton, who collects pictures of hands. But the one and only.
Michael Bolton, trying to sing like Sinatra, with his new album, Too Many Bolton.
I can't see! I have a bad mind!
Michael Bolton returns to crew the Fat Walmart moms as they romantically cheering the party roll cheese.
I want yours that way to let Jane and my puppy.
Michael Bolton's too many Bolton's includes this duet with Peter Crossby.
I have a goin' spoiler on my finger like the fingers of a round trail.
Oh, you, I can be the slice of my lips.
If you could use a spider chew with all the life with my lips.
To at least help pay for the band. What are yours today for only 1995?
It's up to...
...to...
...to...
...to...
...to...
...to...
...to...
And if you call now, we'll rush you to the set of designer series Earplugs and close it for your nose.
It's $1104.560WD.com.
You'll be amused to know that I just set a final email to your close personal friend.
And your attorney, I guess you're the one who's been with me for the future.
I'm done.
I don't want to do with him no more.
Maybe he's smoking the newspaper like I said or maybe he's not a top convention.
Hey, it's not here.
Just leave me alone.
I'm all done with these chasing the dog's tail.
I just can't deal with it no more.
Then that's just bug the crap out of you.
You know what it reminds me of?
Remember when you were playing cat and mouse and hide and seek with him a couple weeks ago?
Right.
And leaving calls and he lied through his teeth over it.
He never called me or left me any message and I come to find out well.
So, well, you're wrong.
Is usual.
Remember that?
Yeah, I remember that.
If you just fly a week or two weeks ago.
Well, there you go.
And I go through the same thing every time there's any kind of an issue of any sort of large or small, big one, small one, medium one.
Whatever.
600 three votes on a pool.
Man, we're stuck in wind on there and that's all your fault in Melbourne there.
Mike, no, it's my fault for taking a, I knew what I saw it was a marginal pool.
I don't even want to read it.
That's how I'm bursting at it.
You know, I mean, here's Mike who means well and faxes that thing and then you go and send it to me.
It's your fault.
It is my fault.
Well, you can know up and out and start on this other one.
I'm sure there's no way to do that.
No, we're not going to do that.
And then what we do tomorrow, tomorrow is Friday.
Don't be doing that.
Tomorrow is the one for the entire weekend and tomorrow is a good one which I already told him yesterday.
And there'll probably be adding names on there now.
I don't want to do that.
If anybody knows how difficult it is to come up with these stupid ass pool ideas every day, you should certainly know,
especially since you're going to be doing lots of them this summer.
Starting very, very, very, very soon.
You're going to look a forward to that.
Yeah.
A mock evacuation that was supposed to be part of a two-day statewide hurricane preparedness drill was canceled.
After a misunderstanding about who had jurisdiction over a FEMA trailer park, all here we go again.
Oh, boy.
Heck of a job.
The two-day statewide drill that began Tuesday was aimed at avoiding with chaos that followed last year's hurricane Katrina,
which killed more than 1,000 people.
The mock evacuation was to take place in the state's largest FEMA trailer park in Baker, 10 miles from Beth Hall Rouge.
The park has got more than a member of the Barron Rouge.
No.
The park has got more than 500 camper-style travel trailers that has about 1,500 people displaced by Katrina.
Officials are considered about the safety of travel trailer residents in rough winds.
Trailer trash.
There are more than 200,000 people of statewide illusion living in unfinished homes and mobile trailers.
But the Baker evacuation was canceled because of an apparent communication breakdown said Joanne Moro,
director of the East Beth Hall Rouge, parish office of online security and emergency preparedness.
We were unable to get any information from the state or federal government on what policies or procedures were for evacuating those sites.
Who's your jurisdiction was?
She said, we're very disappointed we didn't get to work with the people who live on the trailer site.
Those trailer trash.
After the parish canceled the drill, FEMA asked park management to drive around the park with bull horns and simulate an evacuated...
Simulate an evacuated...
Simulate an evacuated...
Robinson, response and recovery director for FEMA region 6, which includes Louisiana.
Hey everybody, get on the trailer, we got a real hurricane coming in.
Everybody, get on the trailer, we got a real hurricane coming in.
Oh!
Woo!
This is... I'm not even going to go into the rest of it.
Yeah, and what more needs to be said?
That's all you need to know.
And they're predicting, by the way, not only are all these hurricanes for the coming season, which we had that story today.
But guess what's going to be right in the center, they're going to be the hotspot for the hurricane season.
Watch them to DC.
No, I give up.
Florida.
Yes again.
What was it?
Florida.
No, guess again.
South Carolina.
No, North Carolina.
No, North Carolina.
Yes again.
New Orleans.
Oh, that well.
New Orleans.
Maybe they weren't all trailer trash before, but they should.
They are now right.
Have you seen any of the, I'm sure you have on the news where they keep it going?
Oh, I can see the insiders trading and lying to auditors, Jeffrey Scilling faces, some 28 counts while 10 lay, six counts.
So we should be hearing that verdict shortly.
All right, we'll keep our eye peeled on that.
Next setting.
Thrilling.
I'm going to tell you one thing.
If they get off, either or both of them, I'm leaving.
They will.
You're going to go to Canada?
No, I'm just leaving.
I'm just going to walk out the door right in my underwear.
In fact, it's a beautiful day, man.
Actually, it's not a beautiful day.
What the hell have it?
It's murky and cloudy.
I thought it was supposed to be like 73 the day.
70.
Ah, they keep all of that 80s on the weekend here.
Holy moly.
What's that all about?
That's okay here because the people at least have been every now and then, like once every month, but like in Amsterdam.
And many playing in France too, speaking back out with those nasty, uh, cigarette, those nasty faggets.
Mm-hmm.
When it gets to be like in the upper 70s or in the 80s, God forbid, in real.
Oh, man.
You talk about ripe cheese.
Oh, I'm serious.
You get on the tram or the busser like in the train.
Oh, man.
It's got some kind of fun.
And that's because they have very little air conditioning in Europe.
I see.
They're very, very, very little.
That's bad combo.
Oh, little air conditioning and bad personal hygiene.
You put those two together and you got, mm-hmm.
Man.
A cheesy aroma.
The worst.
Like, like spoiled a limberger.
And 650 votes.
The WQM had a mascot.
It should be a fat Jew, 219.
And a Meebo.
Because, uh, nobody has a spine.
Like, an Meebo, 1.41.
I think a jellyfish would have been better than the Meebo, don't you?
Okay.
You're right.
Do we change it?
No.
What's it matter at this point?
Yeah, you're right.
The pool sucks.
A jackass, 112.
A hyena because of the high pitch voice, 48.
I added that because I was thinking of that.
A bowl because of full of bolstermet, 48.
I also added a coverly line and voted for that, 42.
This we got the balls of a butterfly.
And a vampire bat for the blood sucking cells to permanent only five.
That's a desperate one that Mike put on there.
He came up with a bad pool idea and he was desperate to put some other additions on there.
What?
I understand, Mike.
When you got a real crappy pool idea, it's not easy to put things on there.
Somebody QYM, hello?
Because not this one.
QYM?
Uh, Meebo.
Yes, sir.
Uh, please, please, quit taking calls.
Yeah.
Okay.
You will accommodate you right now.
Yeah, exactly.
You asked for it.
You got it.
All right.
Now, we'll intercept.
Now, the guy that talked about those black faggots.
That was pretty interesting, wasn't it?
In France?
Sure you've seen it too.
Listen to me.
Yeah, a little Richard.
I was talking on drugs.
I think that was pretty interesting stuff.
Uh-huh.
And one of our fine calls.
Now, there's a way where there's a will there's a way.
And like I said, when these other misfits calling it,
you just ain't going to get on the air.
Oh, well, there it is.
Because you don't point to it.
I mean, if that's what I'm going to do for the next two and a half years,
I'd rather just walk out right now.
I just rather walk away.
Just walk away.
Exactly.
Who now needs it?
Especially with these bozos.
But it's, uh, I don't know who's, uh, maybe they alope.
You think that's possible?
Norma, Kent and Joe Bellas.
You think it's just a coincidence that they both vanished at the same time?
I don't know.
I don't think so.
Oh, I don't know.
Sure it's only the beesleaves.
In fact, maybe that checked issue up this morning.
Maybe they just took off with it.
Let me just see if there's a response on here.
No, there's nothing.
Well, I'm in court all day.
When you know something, go to court.
Go have a wonderful time.
Go see Judge Judy.
Go see Judge Watner.
Get out of my life.
Everything is like a major emergency.
And all of a sudden, there's just a days and a week's drag on and nothing happens.
You know, just take the money and run.
That's all we can do.
Just the best that we can.
We're going to start playing oldies at noon today.
Anything that's a good idea?
I know.
I'm the one with somebody in the computer right now.
That's just the ones that have been playing a few notes of last year.
That was just practice because practice makes perfect.
If you're a cigar smoke, we'd like to kick back with a good premiums of Stogi.
Then the he is cigars by Tony Borhani is definitely for you.
These hard to find cigars are made with first grade tobacco processed in aged a few notes.
They're made with a 10 years.
But he is a real boutique cigar maker specializing in small batch hard to find tobacco.
But he had gold.
The flagship line gets a 91 rating by cigar.
Fissue not a cigar insider and 9.1 rating by Smoke Magazine.
This rich flavored well balanced full-bodied Nicaragua when cigars got earthy hints of dark roast coffee.
Chocolate, spice and pepper flavors.
Also be sure to try their beehive to say oh, the hottest release of the cigar in the last 10 months gets a high rating of 91 by cigar.
Fissue not a cigar insider.
A powerful big cigar with complex notes of leather, earth and pepper.
It'll tear your guts out.
They're finished as long and body, full body with initial spice and a note of charge wood.
To get 40% off on all beehives cigars, tell them that Neil Rogers sent you and call them toll free at 1-835 beehive.
Don't forget to mention my name to say 40%.
1-835 BAH I A.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5-16 Q-23.
You're a bastard.
Tell the hell the day and die didn't like this.
Why wasn't he able to hide his trade practices?
To court won't be forced. He'll need conjugal vases.
Cause his name is Candle Lake and one stock is totally worthless.
I'm now with Too Late.
No been strong, just as long.
Down to no Candle is rocked up.
Candle, they don't go.
You need Johnny Stark for call right now.
You're heading off to press no better.
Right now, jewelry, real fashion.
Candle, they don't cry.
You look pretty good in those pants, right?
But you never lie about stocks again.
Anyone who doesn't be red live at noon will be over there.
Like Stink on Greg, man.
Would you just be in it on it?
Like Stink on Joyce.
634 votes on that marginal poll we're taking today about mascot.
Oh, and also speaking of sensational stories.
Yeah.
This one, what you saw the thing about ABC News is that Danny Haster
isn't that bright, but deal with Abrahamoff.
And then Haster says no, it's a lie and you're full of crap.
Despite a fact enough from the Department of Justice,
federal law enforcement sources say ABC News accurately reported
that Speaker House Danny Haster, that big fat red-faced slob,
is in the mix in the FBI investigation of corruption in Congress.
ABC News Brian Ross reports late last night,
law enforcement sources told ABC News that convicted lobbyist Jack Abramoff
has provided information to the FBI about Haster and a number of other members of Congress
who have brought in the scope of the investigation.
You guys wrote this story very carefully,
but they're not reading it very carefully, a senior official said,
whether they like it or not, members of Congress including Haster
are under investigation.
One focus involved the letter Haster wrote in 2003, urging that
the Secretary of the Interior block an Indian casino that would have competed
with tribes represented by Abramoff.
ABC's law enforcement sources said the Justice Department and I was
meant only to deny that Haster was a formal target or subject of the investigation.
I wonder what depot thinks about this?
I asked anybody, ask Marvin Rawman about that.
I wonder what depot thinks about how the Indian scandals.
Because you know one thing about depot, you can say whatever you want,
but he sure was.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, the other of the numbers, you know, every now and then,
which means maybe I'll take a call or maybe I won't.
Haster Moffgaard, that's the best way to do it.
TMZ, what is TMZ?
Because they're reaching stuff in them all the time, what does that mean?
I don't know.
It's one of those artsy, artsy, it's like us, you know,
what are the celebrity magazines?
magazine?
No.
TMZ has learned that the FBI searched the home to the woman who runs an
LA paparazzi agency.
What do you do for a living?
I run a paparazzi agency.
The allegations that are computers were used to illegally hack into the computers of us
weekly magazine to pay information about celebrities in particular,
Charlie Sheen, who spent a lot of time growing up in the Sheenie Alps.
Sources tell TMZ the US attorney obtained the search for several days ago
law enforcement went to the home of Jill Isch Kenyon, a partner at Sunset Photo and News,
where they seized computers and other items as of now, the official file be sealed.
Isch Kenyon found that Sunset Photo and News last year after leaving us weekly,
where she worked as a reporter.
TMZ repeatedly called Sunset Photo and News for comment,
but each time company reps immediately hung up the phone.
That's I think a step beyond having no comment.
In a related development, TMZ spoke with former Hollywood Madame Heidi Flice,
who says that she was contacted by a official in the queue to be involved in the alleged hacking plot.
The reason? Sources say Flice and Isch Kenyon are closed buds.
Flice told TMZ the allegations against her are ridiculous,
and at some bitch like her can't afford to be made to be look ridiculous.
Oh, and here's an update from late last night.
Isch Kenyon's lawyer, Glenn Feldman, contacted TMZ and said his client has been subpoenaed by Brittany Spears' lawyer
and her suit against us weekly.
Spears claimed that an article in Us Weekly alleging that she made a sex tape with husband Kevin Fadeline was bogus.
Feldman says he finds it coincidental that his client is suddenly being targeted.
Feldman adds that his Kenyon did not receive any information about weekly by hacking in any computer,
especially information about Charlie Sheen.
Do you give a flying crap about Charlie Sheen?
No, not really.
What about you, Josh?
Josh, she's a real actress now, and I don't need her.
That's three for three.
Nobody cares about Charlie Freak and Sheen, especially with that American idol thing going around.
Oh, that's right.
And that new thing with that chicken and rubah.
It's got our priorities in order.
Let's get everything straightened out.
Okay? Let's get the important crap put down.
And Ron, and here's that guy with an ad vest that bald had a geek that's on CNN every day.
Well, what is his claim to fame?
Who is he and what is he hope to be someday?
He's gay and bald.
Yeah, and he's like just another cramudge in his what are you?
Mm-hmm.
I suggest killing as opposed to Ken.
Oh, God.
Nice glasses, though.
Nice glasses.
Airbnb, in fact, at least today he's got different clothes on.
I think it wears the same outfit every day for like a month.
It's granny-clathed.
Yeah.
Look at that.
If convicted Jeffrey's killing faces a maximum of 275 years in prison, that's too good for him.
642 votes on that pool, boy, if we don't get to live, we're not going to make it today.
That's a fur.
You have any idea how long it's been?
How many months since we haven't made a thousand on a pool?
About 30 years.
And like 30 years since we didn't make a thousand votes on our pool.
That's a real kickin'y ass, tusk, Mike, and Melbourne.
So next time you come up with a really bad pool idea, keep it to yourself, Mike.
I don't want you to feel bad about it.
But what is wrong with you, man?
Masked cop, my ass.
In fact, maybe that might be it.
A big fat hairy, you know.
You know what I hear me in on it.
Makes sense.
Yeah.
Now we'll fit in with the QM, with the ambiance, and the way things are going lately.
Pretty hairy.
So do you want to talk about those rumors that are floating around or not?
Not at all.
Happy to do it with our morning show?
Well, why not?
You're the one that told me about them.
Yes, so go ahead.
Not.
Well, you are so up to you.
There's nothing worse.
What a fight!
A leanin' on my hand over here.
Well, you're what?
I said, a leanin' on my hand.
About the shillin' on my mouth.
Yeah, you know what's always bickin' me about.
You better not tell me.
And of course the reason you do that is because you know you're going to tell me, and then you're hoping that I will go on here and then spell it.
I'm hoping you'll go on here and tell it, but you don't tell everybody that I told you.
Because then nobody will tell me anything over again.
I mean, if he didn't tell me that, I'll tell you what he thinks.
Even if he didn't tell me that.
I'll assume that it was you.
You're the Ojoan Prabhakatouris pick.
They know that there's a parade of yuntsas going through here.
What is the question about that?
In fact, usually the inside, all that crap used to come from Fatboy, but now that he's on a way out.
He's not the only Fatboy that allegedly is on a way out.
See, there was like a drop a little, just a little tidbit.
Uh-huh.
I sure have to know what it is that they're thinking about.
You know, well, what they're gonna stick in there if they do that?
Well, what are they gonna put on the air?
I mean, they get squirts!
I mean, it's not like they have one day part where they have a problem that they have to fix it.
They have nobody on from 2 to 4.
They're paying mad dog $80-20-20-20 to do like 2.5 hours a day, about 50 days a year,
and then he's off the rest of the time.
I just don't get it.
Thank God for 10 to 2, man.
We are really rock solid.
We're like the anchor.
We're like the rocket your brawler, baby.
Thank God for us.
The U.S. Border Patrol increased to the faster rate and apprehended more illegal aliens for your under-president Clinton.
Outlude Dodd's listening than under-president Bush corned the stats from a new unpublished congressional research briefing report.
Mr. Bush praises predecessor on a series of measures of border security,
since the briefing from the congressional research service to the Houchedish area committee,
which is based on the Department of Homeland Security data.
Mr. Clinton increased the number of Border Patrol agents in pilots by 126% during his eight-year term,
or in average, a 642% per year, while Mr. Bush has averaged 411 new agents for year through 2005,
a total increase of 22.3% over his tenure.
Not so great.
While Mr. Bush last week said his administration has come to return 6 million illegal aliens,
that's actually a drop from any five-year period during Clinton administration.
Meanwhile, the number of alien-f-scondors has grown by more than 200,000 during Bush's term,
reaching 536,000 plus in fiscal last year.
The number of completed front cases has dropped until recently.
The attention beds have been or at or below the level Mr. Bush inherited from Clinton in 2001.
The sense of urgency that comes with deploying the National Guard is belied by the administration's consistent opposition
to providing the necessary resources that our border security agencies need to do their job,
said 900-year-old Senator Bobby Bird or West Virginia.
Mr. Bird has sought for years to get the Bush administration to add Border Patrol agents and detention beds
and improve enforcement technology.
And until Lou Dobbsdor Ratland, his spear, they said, no way, Jose.
But now they see that that face freak over there at CNN is all over their case now.
They're saying, well, you know, but I'd be good to move.
Aren't you excited about this in-run thing? I hope they fry both their ass right there at CNN and want to clock this after.
I hope they're feeling roughly a lot to watch it. Hey, bring it.
Please fight 16, you all right?
Oh my God, your breasts are beautiful.
I'm Kenny Boyle. You know, I've been asked what I'm going to do after the collapse of my empire
and how it's done taking the fifth of most of it. What I will tell you is
after a quick $30 million sale of some real estate I had, Andy, I decided to buy another company that already had my name on it.
Can he more lays potato chips?
Gris, go limp potato chips, lovingly fried in oil from the gasp and sea.
It's true I can no longer say I have the full power of the White House behind me to force you to eat it.
But it does taste pretty good, trust me.
Oh, and if I were you, you'd just walk inside, find someone I don't like very much to start your car in the morning.
Can he boil a lays potato chips? That you can't fry just one?
It's 1131-29 till noon. We got that big verdict come up in noon and they're hyperventilating on all the tucking hit networks.
But we've been in the pool.
And this guy's got like his special new vest on the day that both headed queen.
House leaders demand FBI returned papers. Harold and his son sent on the Hollywood son, Tatler.
House leaders of both parties stood in a rare election year unanimity yesterday demanding the FBI has to write a document that took him move of agents involved in the weekend rate of a congressman's orifice,
man, and his refrigerator to in a freezer.
The justice department must immediately return the papers that unconstitutionally sees House Speaker Danny has written Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said in the statement.
Leader said that the congressman William Jefferson, a Louisiana Democrat should then cooperate with the investigation.
Earlier, Hasterd said that any FBI agents involved ought to be frozen out of that case just for the sake of the constitutional aspects of it.
I think it was like a play on words frozen money in the freezer. Well, he said a lot of pressure. That's why his face is all red and maybe because he's so fat.
Both parties have protested the Saturday night search of Jefferson's orifice on Capitol Hill,
which they said violated the Constitution separation of powers doctrine. FBI agents search Jefferson's office and prison evidence in a bribery investigation.
The search warrant, signed by US District Court Judge Thomas Hogan was based on the affidavit that said agents found 90 grand in cash,
stashed in the freezer of Jefferson's home. Lighthouse officials said they didn't learn of the search until after it happened.
They pledged to work with the justice department suit lawmakers. I'm going to tell you, man, the Nazi parties alive well and grew stepping in Washington, D.C.
Make no mistake about it. Great tap on your phones. They make watergate look like child's play. They make Nixon look like a boy scout.
Democrats mean while trying to get Jefferson to resign his seat in the House's most prestigious panel.
In the interest of upholding the high ethical standard of House Democratic caucus, I'm writing the request you immediate resignation from the Ways and Means Committee wrote Pelosi.
Jefferson was defiant with respect. I declined to do so. He wrote back to Pelosi. I will not give up a committee assignment that is so valid of New Orleans at this crucial time for any uncertain long term political strata.
Jefferson, meanwhile filed a motion asking the judge to order the FBI to return all the documents taken from his office during the 15-hour search.
Jefferson's motion said the search violated speech and debate protection of the Constitution who ensured the independence of lawmakers.
Presidential administrations of Congress have routinely subpoenaed information from each other and often they refuse to give up the material sought.
This is the first time the brand seeking the information dispatched its law enforcement arm to rest materials from the office of a sitting congressman who is the target of a probe.
Most members of the leadership of both houses object in the search because they said it violated the Constitution before that was the Bush.
That was the right. That's in piece of paper.
Before, BW. Republicans were being careful to protest the way that that's defending Jefferson. I still think he's killed George Jefferson.
Attorney General Alberto Vio Faganzala tried to strike a conciliatory tone saying we have a great deal of respect for Congress as a co-equal branch of government.
But he also defended the search. We have an obligation to the American people to pursue the evidence where it exists. In other words, no matter what the law is, they're going to do it even in a Hollywood one.
That's Alberto Vio Faganzala. A real little goose-differ if there ever was one. Not so bastard.
Yeah, God. Moonface, beater.
Yeah, exactly. I hope he gets some bad burritos as well. I hope he gets the Green Apple Quick Step for about a month.
671 votes on the pool. You know, I'm almost tempted to send the new one and like start it today. That'll give us over the thousand.
Yeah, I've added all up. Well, that's what I'm talking about. Don't you think that's a good strategy?
Well, I mentioned that earlier and you yelled at me. Well, yeah, because it's, well, we could do that.
I mean, what I'm doing really when you get right down to it. I beg your pardon? I mean, there is a good idea to save it for the weekend because that's a damn good poll.
It's a great poll. I think we may have done it long about 20 years ago, but who do they hold to remember that?
I sure don't. No, me neither. I can't remember what the hell I had for lunch yesterday. I didn't have anything for lunch.
I had a couple of cash shoes before I had banged my son here. Dan, those marlins, man, they got some nerve.
I see, if it wouldn't have been for that, I wouldn't have lost so much. Stinking marlins. Yamama.
No, that's true. I know. They won. You lost.
Oh, did I ever. But you know, something that's my own stupidity. You know what? We like it would be like going to an ATM at the bank and finding out that it was like,
it was just a facade of an ATM and there was nothing on the other side of no machine. And you put your cards through there and it falls through the other side.
And then you start putting cash in there and you realize you're just falling on the ground, but on the other side, you can't get it back.
Right. It's the same thing. You're sticking in hundreds to that machine, man.
Anybody's going to be getting out of a lighter and just burning it. This is one of the great and never going to happen
because anybody who would reveal the way that they do that would be you. They told you they had to hit you.
Exactly. But it's a fraud. It's a fraud. You're playing a dead piece, baby. You're feeding the dead machine, man. I don't mind losing, but I like to at least have a fighting chance.
I like to have the pretenses some kind of a chance. Well, you can pretend you can pretend you have a chance.
I do. I keep thinking like everybody else to get you. And that's part of the game plan. They get you more and more aggravated and prone to think.
Well, if I just keep hanging in here pretty soon, they're going to turn that program. They don't. They don't. That's the trap.
They just keep siphoning the money and sucking the money and sucking the money. Okay.
Fastards should only rot. Anyway, don't get all whipped up about it. That's why they call it gambling. You won't change my life. And it's just frustrating.
So what do you think? Should we change the poll or not? No, whatever. So you want to fall short of a thousand? We'll never get to 900 the way this baby's going.
We won't make our bonus money. But then you know, Josh has been losing that whole great contract. You got the one at Norma, I negotiated the form.
We're going to need that thousand. Oh, yeah. By the way, you're welcome for that. The real window. See how fast that showed up from Amazon.
You're there. Yes. I'm looking at it. I have many movies to watch. You haven't watched standing in the shadows of Motown yet. I have not. What else wrong with you? Not only bad.
So what difference does it make if we get to 1000 votes or not? It doesn't make any difference. Just for fun. So maybe we don't want to have so much fun today.
Right? We're getting short change from that baseball game. That's right. And not getting the short change today that we wouldn't have minded at one o'clock from that early game game.
That they farmed out to 13.60, which nobody unless they live within a mile that tower can hear it. I wonder what they play now on it. Oh, that's right. They got that right wing talk on there now on KT.
They got that Michael savage crap on there and all these other rabid right wingers and make Bill rightly looks like a liberal. Yeah, they got crap on there on KT.
I'd like to buy my could tell you about it. More what? He must be he must be in heaven after all the jingles I've been playing this week with WMCA. But I can't find my WABC jingles.
Oh, wait a minute. Look what I just found. Oh, WBC.
CKFW yesterday. Oh, we're going to CKFW.
Where ever you go. Go go with 77 WABC. Go go.
77 WKBC. Go go go. See what happens as you know is if you forget what you put stuff into the CSU.
They just kind of get lost. They fall through the crack. I got the human have to send you on a disc. I don't know.
The same ones. I ain't got WABC. Yeah, I got all of them. They get them going.
Yeah, baby.
I've got all of those. I got all right. You got them from the same chicken. I keep that I got them from I got them all these up.
But I put the oldies ones in here under all these.
Somebody left you.
I got to be left you.
I'll be right here.
Oh, that was me.
Okay.
Anybody doubts how much bad music there was in the 80s? This stuff that I bought. It's it'll prove it to you.
Pretty well.
I didn't mind quite right. This I mind it.
Oh, that one was okay. I like that.
The progression is bad.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Right.
He's in like poison.
Oh, this ain't poison though. This is black.
That's getting poison.
Some of the rat poison.
You made the night.
I made it want me to take no puri trauma.
But then what is it?
What's the name of the song you're going to?
Ralph and Ralph.
Right.
Find a wheel.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
Find a wheel.
I'm going to go.
All right.
What about Tanya?
Make sure it's not any puri coma that goes right faster.
685 out of pole.
Our goal is 700.
So I think we might have a shot at that.
Just relax.
We got a girl to get to this afternoon.
From Konains Clubhouse Grill.
But you know the one thing about Kelly, no matter where he's doing the show,
still sounds the same.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 560 QA.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
You know I'm going to beg you to send me this.
Save again.
I'm going to beg you to send me that CD.
Why is it that?
To make sure that it doesn't get on the air again.
I'm going to bury it in the backyard,
I'm sure it's in the ocean.
Where is that oldie moldy spirit man?
Go back to the 50s, please.
I know, I told you to eat it.
From 77WPBC, go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Enron is really good-noodle man.
We're going to be doing a lot of crime.
And we're trying.
Who is this?
Is it Warren?
No.
Crime?
No.
I'm fixing to say this one.
Seek came out of the news today.
Oh, it's this one.
This means we have to wait to throw up.
Okay, if you want to be a negative about this great A.D. collection, you have another one.
Warren?
Who is this?
Who is this?
It's a little too slow to get in going for my taste.
I just haven't had the patience for that.
Plus you can tell.
Yeah, everything on that day's close.
Well, let's try this one.
Wherever you go, go!
Go with 77WPBC!
Go!
Oh, God!
Go!
Go!
Oh, God!
Kill me now.
You can do it.
The power of it.
Okay, that one's a little too slow.
Oh, it did it for me, all right?
I'm still cleaning it up.
Go!
Go!
Oh, this is one of the duties of old.
Old.
Old.
Old.
It's got.
It was jingle that never ends.
All right, here's for fears I can stand.
I don't need to hear it again for another 10 minutes.
I'm sorry.
This is the making of the pressing.
Okay, it's 11.40 now.
We're just going a little time until we get this really big inrun.
We're going to come up to Red Live at noon.
And they're hyperventilating and they're showing us that baldhead
of Gidecaneelay over and over again.
Here's another baldhead of Gidecaneelay that the Sylvie S.
Buuun!
Queen with the vest.
Speaking of that, the number of military members is charged under the Pentagon's
Don't Act, Don't Tell Policy on Homo Sexuals.
Rose By 11% last year.
The first increase in 2001 official, say yesterday.
You're fairing.
You don't think it's because a lot of people are coming forward
and just to get out to you.
Yeah, I do.
A Pentagon spokeswoman Lieutenant Colonel Ellen Cranky
said 726 service members were discharged under the policy during the
2005 budget year that in the last September 30.
About 30, man.
That compares with 653 discharges the year before.
She released the figures after a gay rights advocacy group said it
obtained a stance on its own.
Service members, legal depends network, which is represented
military members who were forced out for being openly gay, said the Pentagon's policy
deprive the military of qualified and experienced personnel at a time when the Army
Marine Corps throw out of me to recruiting goals.
Well, that's okay because you can't be gay.
The policy prohibits the military for inquiring about the sex lives of service members
but requires discharges of those who openly acknowledge being gay.
I think even half of the straight people are coming forward saying, oh, guess what?
I'm, uh, yeah, they're mincing and listening and we're in
address and high heels.
The law deprive our nation of thousands of skilled men and women who could be instrumental
in fighting the war and terrorists that see Dixon Osborne, executive director of service members,
legal defense fund.
By the way, check my email, still no response from your lawyer.
I'm just, no, I just can't deal with it.
Maybe he, in fact, you know what else I check during the break?
I don't know, your temperature?
No, I check the obits.
I check the obits for Joe Bell and Norma Kand and I don't find either one of them in there.
Yeah.
Discharges under this don't ask don't tell policy, peaked at 1227 in 2001, then fell
to 885, the following year in 770 in 2003.
Those of you who are keeping track don't ask, we won't tell.
And what's it to you?
Well, this is heavy duty, man.
We got nine minutes until Kenny Lay.
Yeah, everyone.
I'm just, I'm holding my breath because I think they're going to get a slap on the wrist.
A slap on the wrist?
Are they sure as hell better or not?
You know, I'm going to go, I'm going to go postal.
They were, they had an interesting thing about that.
They had the guy from the postal service I asked, they're very pissed off about that expression
because it implies they're able to pass offices of place where people go nuts and they start shooting.
Yeah, because it is.
No, come on.
7-11.
That's what we got on the pool.
7-11.
No, that's not so bad.
Mike and Melbourne don't feel bad.
Mike, they pull sucked, but I mean, don't feel too bad.
7-12.
See, there's another one.
They're coming in now, one by each.
Dribbling.
Yeah, they're dribbling in.
Like that pepperoni juice down my chin.
If WQM had a mascot, what should it be?
A fat Jew, 259.
Maybe alcohol sting could, once upon a time, I guess he ain't so fat anymore, I haven't seen him in a long time.
How about fat Jew?
He could have been our mascot.
Or maybe just Ron Jeremy.
And Amoeba or a jellyfish, 161.
A jackass, 128.
A bowl because they're full of bullshit, 57.
A hyena with a high pitch voice, kind of like, fat.
53.
A cowardly lion, 47.
That's obviously the correct answer.
And a vampire bat for the blood sucking sales department, 77.
Our sales department isn't worth a mention at this point.
I'm really intrigued by this new guy.
Of course, that's what Greg always said.
He's intrigued by.
And no matter what it was, it was always bad.
But I'm really intrigued by the description of the new sales guy.
That's what you say about two feet taller comes up to your kneecap.
That's what I heard.
And he's got a really gruff of a match.
He's like, a male water Nazis got a disgusting voice.
And he just pisses everybody off.
He's been in there perfect with the bread.
And suddenly the losers we have back there.
I said, bread and Greg, 714, old bean.
That's good.
714.
What does that have to do with quailudes?
Oh, wait a minute.
Put the Secretary of Total from South.
See you then, son.
I'm not asking you to do.
They keep putting that thing on their bread and news.
And it's not breaking news.
They keep catching me off guard.
They're like, oh, here it is.
We got six minutes to go.
In fact, I think what we ought to do is take the break early.
Good plan.
What you think so?
Because then right at noon, because I'm sure that everybody in this audience
who cares about American Idol when we got bigger fish to fry,
like Kenny Lee and Jeffrey Skillin.
And then fry their ass.
And you let go.
I don't know.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
4.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on K-E.A.
Q.A.
Damn.
Oh, right.
I had a lot of money before I won K-E.
With that run, run, run, with that run, run.
But it went down the toilet and just one day.
With that run, run, run, with that run, run.
Oh, yeah, they cooked the food.
Yeah, don't break it.
I'm going to get a drink from the top of the run, run, run, run, run, run.
I used to get a picture that was nice and sad.
From that run, run, run, run, run, run.
Now I'm asking if you like fries with that.
From that run, run, run, run, run, run, run.
That's really, really cool.
Should be someone's home.
When they get to do death row.
From that run, run, run, run, run, run, run.
Yeah, I have no food.
And I want you to shoot all the gum.
Wow.
And then run, run, run, run, run, run.
How's that?
Yeah.
Yeah, and then you've sure that you might have anything to do.
You couldn't say the ass bag word in there.
I remember they got all bent out of shape about that.
Well, you have everything else.
We got a joy set on that.
So we have to keep inserting all these little cute things.
Cover up by half the words.
If we can't say this, then we can't say that, et cetera.
Okay, so 1159 boys and girls, you know where your, uh, and Ron is.
You're in run stock.
723 votes on a pool.
Not too shabby.
We'll make two 850 something like that.
That's a respectable number.
We'll take it.
Right?
It's more less than they got across the street all week long.
I'll guarantee you that.
I mean, what's out there they know about, about that, right?
Mm-hmm.
And suppose to us because we got the expert.
I'm a one no jelly.
Chats, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat.
And don't forget that'll be longer to the two.
So what did you tell me was the correction we got?
Criticized from 710 to 9.
Yeah, it's number three hours.
No hurricane, huh?
No hurricane, huh?
And now why is that?
And he's special reason for that?
Uh, I couldn't tell you.
That's just what I was told.
Well, that's scandalous.
No hurricane, hotline.
How do we continue through our busy Thursday without anticipating hurricane hotline?
Especially with that big hurricane baseball game on KT at one o'clock that we're promoting on 1360.
Even though we don't know who the hell they're playing and current still want to be bothered with it.
Because it's not a basketball game and he's not doing it.
Not that he's self-serving you understand.
Soft serving?
That's what I heard.
Soft serve.
Anyway, it's noon.
The little hand is at the big hand and they're still like, uh, but it would put about a few other balls.
They're going to draw this on, you know.
They got all their microphones set up out there in front of the courthouse.
Then they got their big maven on there to scoop balls.
You're for a tuban guy.
So we're talking about, but it would be about the stakes are enormous for Ken Light.
Yeah, we're for sealing in this because they're going to go to jail for a long, long time.
I know what we do with both of them.
You put a brain hole over your nice side when you're on the surface.
That's it.
How did you do everything possible to save their skin?
Well, you know, what's interesting?
I'm just going to save their skin.
I mean, she's something I don't know.
I'm just going to let her off.
Ken, he's been very skin off.
Jack, let me just jump in here because we're getting word that the jury has just entered the courtroom.
So we do that.
Then I'm going to let you know that he will hear what they're going to be.
Oh, it is going to be great working.
My name is Daniel.
I'm going to deny the fifth.
He has basically said, I'm going to tell my story all along.
So it's not a surprise that he took a stab.
What you think that soft water is hanging on the edge of their open.
This is even more exciting than the last golf and fresh golf.
I think it's very much in their favor that they took this.
The one that they wanted to hear.
Or the one that began to save an era.
Even though they had some problems on cross-examination, I think we're going to end up with the Ricky Williams era.
I think that's a lie to Houston, Ali Belch, who's standing by.
What does she say?
Ali Belch?
He's playing just a logistics thing that says that's going to be out.
Oh, yeah.
There are no cameras allowed.
What do you think we ought to go over to?
I'm going to say it later.
You're right.
I just didn't see the idea.
Wow.
Can you imagine what a breath I just wanted to hear.
I'm going to say it for his test.
I said, you're actually going to think about it.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Oh, and I don't even know.
Worst.
There's that Dan Abram's with it.
Zero and a headlight to look.
You know, I didn't know exactly what he was going to deliberate in this case.
But this is a huge, huge case.
He is the expert.
You don't believe me just as we've brought.
I mean, let's be clear.
These are the two former CEOs of this company.
If this jury were to come back now and say, let's say, not guilty on all of the charges in this case.
We killed somebody.
We had a huge loss for the government.
I mean, the end run has come to symbolize.
I can't have it.
I'd rather go back to miss one more.
I can't stand him.
I understand Jeff Beeskeling's verdict will be read first.
Like Keith Oldman and a lot of them.
That's what I was talking about.
The fact that he got to hear it early.
The jury has the same face as the FBI.
What is it?
The FBI has on those charges.
Jeff Beeskele, C-R-D-T-I-D.
As you can see.
And then Ken Lays charges will be listed.
And as you mentioned earlier, Jeff's killer.
Oh, that makes an interesting breakfast.
I don't know.
Ken Lays, pretty popular with the guys.
And I'm a rich kid.
He's a kid.
He's a kid.
And inside of trading.
It's the cat's meow.
It's zero to 40 mil.
It's going to sell.
Oh no.
Six charges.
Conspiracy to commit securities.
Wire fraud.
Wire fraud.
Better move.
You're right about this.
He's not.
So Jeff's killing more.
I'll tell you what.
I see.
I hate to shut that up.
Oh, you can just play some music.
I don't know what I'm playing.
You're doing that music.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate Fortnite, such as high school,
I hate soccer, say Samqy,
and zmweight footballting in a cold
what I take about those enemies is that they're like their worst songs so of course
oh I got one that'll make you vomit time
see it came up to the moon
go to the ground so I was too short where the hell is it cut it all
let's try to take it out
see it came up to the moon
go to the moon
oh not so great the theme crew
yeah cutting crew
cracky
good
that cuts for that 7.66 votes on a pool it's not so bad you have to keep chewing out
my kid Melbourne he tried his best wasn't very good we tried his best and
there's the old file footage of him taking a little Kenny Boyle away in handcuffs
piece of crap anyway here's the skinny on that you want the skinny on it all
right give me the stupid expression that is here's the skinny oh man
and around former chief executive Jeffrey skilling and founder Kenny lay were
found guilty of conspiracy and fraud and the granddaddy of all corporate fraud
cases just moments ago I'm assisted deliberations that you're a women
for men convicted of former executives of misleading the public about the
true financial health of and run they should only croak whose collapse in
late 2001 symbolize the weave wave of corporate fraud that's what the US
early this decade well it's the new economy against the old economy and the new
fraud against the old fraud yeah how come they didn't put their ass in jail too
along with him it's killing with found guilty and I'm gonna tell you what really
you know what really it's it's so outrageous and it shows you how stupid so many
people are you know this didn't claim or guy that they got on the gambling
channel on CNBC the guy that they yanked off of there at one time because of
the fact that you know he had a conflict of interest I was promoting you know
his own stuff and then now he's got his own show and when I'm channel surfing
every now and then I'll come he's a crazy person and he's talking about
people investing their money it's like a vaudeville act you know I mean we
want to talk about you know what to watch the dishes with or Billy maize or
something silly he's talking about investing your money it's like a comedy
act well I guess when he come right down to it if it's right in with the fraud
so now it's a dog and pony show baby it's all a big dog and pony show and
whatever you people do the best advice I'll ever get you don't get sucked into
buying that banjo grouping BBGI anyway skilling was found guilty on 20
council conspiracy fraud false statements insider trading it was found not
guilty on eight counts of insider trading lay was found guilty on all six
council conspiracy in fraud in a separate bench shrouds ed sim lake rule they
was guilty of four court accounts of fraud and false statements both lay in
skilling could face 20 to 30 years personally like sports say oh hallelujah the
verticals a major victory for the government marks the end of one of the most
scandalous chapters in the history of corporate America and of course the way
they say the way they say that like it's a major victory for the government
of course we're supposed to forget that Kenny boy lay was almost a right on
the secret energy meetings with your vice president absolutely a bunch of
ideas and play that's right and then after all they uncovered all this
scandal Kenny who you know Kenny boy Houston based NREL one of the hottest
companies on Wall Street imploded in a matter of months after skilling a
person designed as CE in August 2001 lay who was chairman at the time postponed
his retirement plans to return to the helm NREL's collapse marked the first
of the high profile corporate scandals that rock the nation followed by
world-com global crossing a delphia and tyco the wave of fraud led to
passage of the sarbaines accident on the tender percent of how American
companies are audited after government investigation that took four and a
half years prosecutors presented evidence that lay in skilling orchestrated
conspiracy to artificially inflate profits hide millions and losses and misrepresent
the two nature of the company's finances the defense argued it was impossible
to get a fair trial in Houston the epicenter of NREL's collapse over 16
weeks the government presented 22 witnesses including former top executives
who testified that skilling a lay fostered a culture that put the company's
image and stock price above anything else at any cost oh yeah let's put some
lipstick on his pig remember that that was yes I was some other one let's put
some lipstick on his pig right and pedal it to the poor unsuspecting public
out there so they can take their harder money and stick in the dead machine
mind outrageous yeah stick that money in the dead machine those people ought to
be in jail with those casinos I'm sure I'm damn sure that in South Florida
not going to be doing that to the public are they they're going to be doing that
oh seven hundred eighty votes on a poll we got that eight hundred elect okay we
get nine hundred I think that should satisfy even the most nagging of the
vote counters do you think no goalfish has two votes by the way oh here's the
fact that says I usually don't listen to radio station out of ten to but
because of the heat playoffs I've turned it a few times over the past few weeks
and now I know what's wrong with your station greed too many ads four out of five
times I turn on QA I may hear commercials open after your show not during the
show because we have a limit in my country I think I'm more than 16 minutes an
hour it's a damn good thing we did because they be running like eight they'd be
running 80 minutes an hour I would guess that out of every hour at least 40
minutes of the easy to an ad station promo traffic sports updates the same
update we've been over and over on w i d w i z you're any other cheap channel
station you get at least 40 minutes of talk for our you think that's from
Pete Bolger regardless of who the host is no one wants to listen to so many
commercials also when is your gonna real a station we go ah here we go now we
get here's the best paragraph I take back whatever I just said because
Pete Bolger isn't smart enough to know this you read the second paragraph I did
and still touching myself also when is your station gonna realize that sports
program should be limited to a few hours in the evening like we used to have an
IOD sports talk six to eight p.m. revolutionary more more than enough to talk
about and and that how many times can one person listen to the same
swill repeated again and again at this point you probably be getting better
ratings if you'd revert to channel 56 Tiger Radio Programming I think you have a
good point now what was that one thing he's a Tiger was that roby young yeah
well right I'll take a have that one do I must have because I'm gonna be
playing it uh roby young he's a Tiger I don't think that's it I mean we got
John boy ahead sports radio yo yo just can't it sports radio my ass
I think I can find it damn thing damn it yeah damn it is right I do have
wrong
oh
Oh
Get my ass
The pain
Gregory Abbott shake you down shake you booty and kick you down. Oh brother bring you down
That's what I did. I'm gonna read that second paragraph again from this very anonymous institute broadcast
Well, it's obviously inside job. When is your station going to realize that sports programming should be limited to a few hours in the evening?
How many times can one person listen to the same slow repeated again and again at this point you probably be getting better ratings
If you be referred to channel 56 Tiger radio programming. That's true except from 10 to 2
We're still doing pretty them well. I think it's just surrounded with you know ones and twos and oh
See that they felt the only old we had was the big old early in the morning surprise we got two more
Oh two to three and three to four. Oh as an 0.5
We could do better. I haven't just a transmitter ranked vibrating sounds for two hours between two and four
My god that vibrating
That's a
Wow, don't forget that'll be on it to two try to remind try to
Overlooking pump 27 and 560 WQM at the melting pod man
They got some really good stuff waiting for you a four-course standing experience like I always tell you when you go to the melting pot
Don't eat all day. Do a little right maybe have like a snack for lunch
That's right because this isn't just another meal
You know not just a burger or a steak even it's a fantastic four-course experience
We're gonna be dipping in dunking man and there's nothing like dipping and dunking enjoy a variety of unique on phrase and special melting pot dipping sauces
Character dinner out with a million pots we now and cheese fondue serve with three different breads
Where any sort of apples crisp veggies even stick your thumb in there man next the choices salads all with the melting pot
So many dressings and then the on phrase include lobster for layman you know and trim Cajun seasoned chicken pork
Porto balla mushroom is ducking lots more cooked in oil and broth and the sauces are fantastic
But don't overdo it because you're gonna want to save a lot of room for dessert. Oh God in fact at the melting pot dessert is like the entire experience
The chocolate fondue is so good that'll put you in the heaven if your fresh strawberries bananas pineapple all your favorite fruits in there
Plus your cheesecake and brownies topped off with tasty marshmallows rolled and crushed Oreos and Graham crackers
It'll send your blood sugar skyrocketing to the moon the melting pot
They're all over town. So if you want something delicious and different and inexpensive
This is a place for you take the whole gang this weekend to the pot nearby you you'll find a melting pot and four-loader
Dale coral springs bokeh north my mubiats Kendall and most prestigious Cooper city
Roger
This is an ABC News special report. I've asked for a few minutes of your time to discuss the reform of America's immigration system
Mexico is our neighbor and our friend America can be an open door to the future
The border should be open to criminals drug dealers and terrorists the men and women of our border patrol
We're doing a fine job and over the past five years. They have apprehended and sent home about six people in
Ring America
Irrigally and most are sent back home within 26 years. Thank you and good night
From finishing up my cashews from mr. My planters cashews. Yeah, the name is good. You like cashews very much
They're probably high in something bad. They're salted first. Probably good. Huh?
Big deal I blood sugar my blood pressure just fine
They're really good
795 votes on the pool bad pool we apologize in advance and Mike and Melbur will come to each year homes and give you a big kiss on the cheek
Whatever cheeky show them back home
Just isn't way of making a man's for this really a smartly pool of it
Should be our worst problem five six seven oh five sixty, but I think what is our worst problem? Oh, where do we start?
Oh, no, you're not gonna start in again. Are you gonna just figure it out? What's that?
I think that Joe Bell and Norma probably are in some kind of a meeting together probably behind closed doors
Maybe they look maybe they're on a cruise that could be it their accruesion. Uh-huh with Rosie
Maybe the cruise in this can't boulevard and a lot of us used to do that many years ago
Boy up and down the old boulevard man
Even the Hollywood there by the Hollywood circle or a lot of guys used to cruise around that circle. I did not know that
Not that I ever did that well
Well, these are it's good thing there's not to make these left because you want to know about nuts. Yeah, okay?
Just one no seriously there is because their carbohydrates. Uh-huh. Oh, are you gonna start what is their carbs?
You they stimulate your appetite. Mm-hmm. So can you stop it?
These big tens of planners can't choose and you could practically though at least I could eat the whole damn thing
There's no question. They're really damn good. They're addictive. Love cash is a favorite nurse 500 a man you go nuts. How many Q.a.m. Hello?
I love eating nuts. How many Q.a.m. Hello?
Okay, see now that was good. I like the way that worked out very well. See the way that works filled a nice little niche
Well, no, I'm saying is that I got killed two birds who won bang there to admit more bang for the buck
WQ a.m. Hello. Hey, how are you? WQ a.m. Hello? Hey, no. Yes, sir. I want to comment on the the commercials the fact of those other
patients have so long Marshall
Maybe 40 minutes an hour to the service to the advertisers because
I just want to talk to you all the time and there's really a call that but I've listened to your commercial
No, but I can be four minutes these other commercials that are 20 minutes long when I hear it come on
I just turn it off right which of course
They should try
It's like during those breaks on the steering show they used to go on for like 17 18 20 minutes
Who they got in the right mind is gonna listen and what advertiser would any kind of a brain wants to put his spot in the middle of 20 minutes
Commercial break who I said be listening to it. That's my
Five and you know agree with that. Amen. You might want to point that out to your manager. Oh, yeah
If we ever fight out where they are okay, thanks, palie. Yeah, who they are and where they are
So I'm big now. I'm sure that's as we talk about it
Your fear was later probably poke his little head in the door. It's all right
Everybody do that. No. Oh really? Wow. This mystery is really deepening isn't it? Okay?
You don't think so I'm fine
You don't think it's a coincidence that he just kind of like vanished off the face of the era
Boy, he's got that other station to manage over there down the road a piece. Yeah, down in here kiss my ass
I'll go down. There's a comment that I didn't do a very good reading on it
There was a comment or somewhere I think between my and ass
Looked like a comma like a little hook
Eight hundred and six votes the cashews are done. That's bad. Oh, let me get started eating on the area. All right
I don't do that. It's a very bad habit. It's disgusting and it's grotesque and you guys lately
I know so doing all the time except today probably that's because there ain't no food in there probably
807 on there and a goldfish has got two you got two goldfish
But down to defend's mock crucifixion. She is defender of controversial mock crucifixion in her stage
She was saying it is part of an appeal to the audience to donate to AIDS charities
I don't think Jesus will be mad at me in the message. I'm trying to send she told the New York TV news
You see you shouldn't be nuts
That's salt little too salty for me UK and US church groups could then the stud after the singer began a 51-day world tour in LA
A church of England statement asked by Madonna felt the need to promote herself by offending so many people
Madonna performed the palette live and lived to tell while suspended from a giant mirrored cross on Sunday's opening night
I wonder if he had a crucifix life in the Blair
Images of poverty in the developing world were shown on video screens while numbers take the way to represent the 12 million African children orphaned by AIDS
Jesus taught me that we should love my neighbor Madonna over the newspaper
And she loves them often David newer of the evangelical line secures the singer of blatant and sensitivity
Madonna's use of Christian imagery is an abuse and it's dangerous. He said
Be should drop it from the turund people need to find their own means of expressing their disapproval
This is not the first time the pop stars consist about what we do that thing about like a person
The video for like a pair also brought combination of groups to me was blasphemous
The confession world's hurried Britain in you lie
You hold your breath
Well, yeah, especially she came into the room at home with breath. Oh, yeah. Oh, man. What a stench. God
You know, she's into funk music
And don't forget she's in that juice for a gloom
What is that? Oh, he's that okay, it's enough of that
People are having tried to have their lunch now. It's right in the middle of the song of hers. I don't dislike
Oh, coincidentally, but what's wrong with
Two commercial love. What's wrong with?
What was that big hitch you had which one she had the million? No, no, they're very commercial one
We want a like a bad geez borderline
Borderline borderline. I don't like it. Why not? Yeah, but you got it though. Oh, yeah, I got them all
What's your little borderline? What's wrong with borderline? I don't like it. I
Think it's just fine. There it is. It's just what's wrong with it. Don't like it. Do you like that song Josh? I'll tell you in a second
Get out of here. You don't know from borderline. Oh
Oh, now I do
Very gay, but you know
Extra gay gay guy where I like to spend that
All her music is pretty
Yeah, yeah, oh, this is the long version of
I
Madonna
I got your favorite Madonna song right?
I don't that's the only Madonna song I like now. Yeah, you like this when you play it all the time
You play the car you dance to it your box made it sounds awful. Yeah, to me. It's a
Careful to the note I love eating nuts
Yeah, she grins of Alberto San Pedro last night. Maybe she knows her. What's his name? Whatever happened to him anyway?
Who Alberto San Pedro son? Oh, I don't know
Keep it track of that
Twenty till one at five sixty WQ and we got eight hundred and ten votes
We're gonna make nine hundred today. That'd be okay, wouldn't it?
Now if Josh would have like really leaned on it and begged and pleaded we could have controlled his audience to get us to a thousand
You know what we really don't care. Oh, we still got a chance get out of here. You're crazy
I'm telling you there ain't no chance in your pants. I'll tell you that right now to no way
Chance for a thousand see after all of this time you you've got to go with a flow
You got to know where it's got to be at a given time. You know what he said?
I'm saying that at 1241 if we got eight or twelve votes and we need a hundred and
88 votes in an hour and twenty minutes your hyperventilating man
You're doing heavy duty heavy substance. You're like
Got those awful shrooms man from Amsterdam
You're soaking in it. Oh wait till we get to that Walmart story. You're like that
Got a good anti-volume story. Let me just take it once before we do the break now
Maybe maybe you got a point maybe they're gonna go go enough for us here really comes through big time
Huh we had eight 12 before I clipped it and now we got eight 12
Neil Roger
So
No
First time a data may seem loose wearing another but silver crosses and metal collars
But when it comes to cash let me tell you this was baby
I was a boss what Donna doesn't travel first class. No
It's been she bags her body and jokes in a box
With you absolutely wise and simply don't care how you get there
Be just like Sean Benzette and early morning pick up with an overnight delivery guarantee
Now to be honest with you if I was gonna play Madonna bit
I was wanted to play Madonna's pull my finger. Oh, yeah, what you don't think that's a great bit
It's an excellent bit that will be able to play again
But it gets to a certain point while we can play a part of it. Yeah, like the first five seconds. No
The third part part time you're gonna hear
There you go we play that it's more than five seconds. Yeah, now Mike and Melbourne's getting defensive about the pole
Don't be defensive Mike and it was my bad. You know we left off Josh. What's that he just pull?
Ha and I bet that's gonna get a lot of votes on this thing
See if we if we had had that on there we'd be like a 900 right now. We'd be bubbling under we'd have it licked
Just like that bubbling
We'd have a lick like that broads toes in the car
I still cracks me up. Anyway, he says sorry about the pool Neal must not have enough hatred in it
Says Mike and Melbourne and you're right Mike. That's a good point
And I hate this pool as they hatred that they're looking for they got to hate something even if it's only the pool they hate it like that
Excellent point Mike
So let's get that on there right away because we got a 24 if we can come close to nine hundred by the top of the air
Which I think is silly
That's just ain't gonna happen. We don't have that many people listening
Especially since we stopped taking those great phone calls. That was George's idea about five. So here's that story of it alike
Hercules California
The Hercules City Council voted unanimously Tuesday night to take the unprecedented step of using eminent domain to prevent Walmart
From building a big box store on a 17 acre lot near the city's waterfront
All right
The vote caused most of the 300 people who had packed Hercules City Hall for the meeting to break out in cheers and applause
The City of Hercules is very unique people from the outside have to understand that said Hercules vice president at Balco just before the vote
Vice mayor during a 90 minute public comment period that proceeded to vote nearly everyone who spoke urged the council to fight Walmart good
Throw the bombs out Hercules resident Steve Kirby said to put him Walmart. I wonder if he or she'll Kirby's Walmart
We'll never understand what we want another resident a need to Roger fields express concern
For small businesses in the city saying they could be drew out of business by the discount store
Which of course is what Walmart does best besides you know slave wages Walmart is the worst thing that could after our communities
She said they want to crush the competition
Just like a rising a man, huh?
We will crush them like a big steamroller
The vote is the latest twist in a battle between the city and the discount chain store
Which wants to build a store into the city's historic waterfront the city contends Walmart's plan to build this
Concert is not fit with its plans to develop the waterfront into a pedestrian oriented village with high-end shops and homes
Some residents were infuriated that Walmart had warned that if the city council voted for eminent domain the move would cost the city millions
I don't like to be threatened and they threaten my community Bob Steiner a CPA and magician who lives in her
Said after the vote on magic. He's a CPA and magician. Oh god. Oh, yeah, he's a
Magic for your taxes. Yeah, he just raised that magic one and all of a sudden a government owes you a million dollars
Only about four people spoke in favor of Walmart the city has no one in T's that anybody's gonna develop the property
If they take it away from Walmart said hercules resident Andre Wilson. Well, screw you Andre
Following the vote Walmart spokesman Kevin lost guitar said Walmart would evaluate the situation and decide what to do next
What they're gonna the screen repeal of an anine. Well screw them
Anybody with a brain hates Walmart like poison evil un-American anti-American and not only that we don't like him
Okay, see I hate this polls already got a peer and just you just barely put that on there
So that was a good way to maybe salvage it might maybe Mike and Melbourne will save his own poll
831 votes. I don't think so. I think we got started on this bad wagon a little bit too late now
But you never know a 33 they're coming in and pairs now in maxed pairs side by each
We need 167 and how old we got 60 80 minutes that that's only two a minute
What's wrong saying I think we could actually do it if you put the full-core press on right now of course leave out an
ad equation when we start with an NBA crap how about those sabers last night?
I don't see a minute of it. I wish I'd come home early and see the whole game
We should have walked away from that machine, man
Oh, what are they doing to the public? Yes, seriously
I very seldom you know you win you win you lose you lose you know
Not gonna change my life
But I was so angry there last night. I just want to take a shotgun and start blowing people away
Just for the hell of it. Not for any special reason just just for the halibut and that's crazy a
University of St. Now this is in the Minneapolis, okay?
This is gonna piss you off kind of punks kind of brainwashed brain dead
Mismorized idiots he looks like Jerry Sarner's a matter of fact his name is Ben Kessler the University of St. Thomas honors graduate
His school to his fellow seniors at Saturday's commencement ceremony for being selfish
Apologize this week for offending people to bring his politically charged speech
Ben Kessler an academic
All-America football player plans to become a priest
Chastised students for using birth control
Criticized them for a recent food fight and upheld the St. Paul University's controversial policy against law and unmarried faculty and staff members in
Romantic relationships to room together on school trips that involve students
Then he got into other figures in society and one of my classmates next to me stood up and walked out said definitely
Ho a graduating senior who's family traveled from Hong Kong for the celebration
And it prepared St. Emma released this week by St. Thomas Kessler said that you tried in the speech to look back at some issues
faced by the University and society and then look ahead instead of providing hope for all I offended some by my words
Kessler said I sincerely do apologize to each person of I offended well
Yes, well they don't accept it. Okay Ben you jackass you get ski he's a football player gonna be a priest and of course
I'll continue taking showers naked with young guys. I apologize to it. We don't accept it
Kessler 21 of Jamesville Wisconsin. Oh look at this
I'll get back to that in a second now. What is this? You've noticed the name is blocked out on this?
Yeah, it's a dime
I die a dime again chronic. Oh God telling us stuff. We already knew it says using the Jim man man
The lucky way spelled manage and then eight men which
I would you man which quote this station stands for nothing in regard to WQM is misleading that's our originated
W.I. Do and broad conscious to strengthen the sue the station Phil Henry or
Care about that okay, which it applies whatever to help we use it okay
I love it when people tell us where we get the drop
Mr. Hatcha probably some stupid board op that got candid I would be is mr. I don't right another chronic here
We're in the chronic cars now. We got to worry about the chronic factors. Why don't we're gonna do them?
You're just gonna trace the factors and have somebody go to their home
You know and just sit on their doorstep making sounds like like that or even worse like that all day and all all night keep them awake
Kessler 21 of Jamesville Wisconsin was invited to speak after receiving the
2006 Tommy award
Give any to you to a distinguished senior and voter students the staff and faculty
He was a start offensive tackle for the Tommy's and attend to you. That sounds so gay
Then it Josh little Bayer the Tommy's and attend the University's minor seminary
St John Vianney where he majored in philosophy and fitness he graduated with a four point. Oh great point average
Well big deal present for his 15 minutes speech at Oshana C. Stadium on the school's campus
We're art spaceship Harry Flynn other dignitaries more than I have a graduate
The speech prompted booing and walkouts even more than John McCain
By the way, you know, he's got something there of forbidden those kids there at a new college John McCain
Yeah, you're right. Oh, they don't want to learn new things now they heard the same old crap from you before okay
You know I'm gonna learn new things you political pandora and he's there with a fat-faced Jerry fallwell piece of crap
Oh God
Anyway, it says it started he started out pretty well meaning Ben and then out of nowhere comes these bombshells about things
He's seen that irritated him said Chris Cerny graduating senior from hitting Minnesota never been a Minnesota view
Yes, they don't like Jews there the heart of the speech was about making selfish decisions
So when I went up to get my diploma after what I told him he made some good points about being selfish
And he's the man who was selfish enough to run hundreds of people's graduations
Turn he said you go, baby Chris several students were seeing crying while others holler to get Kessler off the stage
Brandon Moleski a 2002 St. Thomas graduate was in the crowd watching his girlfriend get her diploma
Dozens of students literally started walking out when he brought up birth control issues and at one point
I thought a riot would break out Moleski said I give him credit because he kept on going when everybody started booing and heckling
At one point he was talking about the meaning of true happiness and someone in the audience stood up and screamed
I'll be happy when your speech is done
right
Whoo the Reverend Dennis Dees St. Todd is in decent that same time as president said the prepared statement that he accepted Kessler's apology
And then he regrets it regrets that graduates family and guests were offended. I've shared my sentiments with Mr
Kessler that was not appropriate from to use the commencing exercise as a venue to express his opinions on several issues
Not a screw you Ben jackass the priest to be good place for him
Okay, probably do a lot of unpopular things like Moleski altar boy stuff like that wouldn't surprise me
I mean it goes to show you don't let your kids shower with other kids naked because they're all the something
Gonna want to go to the priesthood. You're gonna want to start invading the rectumry and that's bad ain't it somehow a
50 man, I think we got I don't know what you think 64 minutes
150 now starting out. I don't know my hopes is starting to fade fast
I thought I once you put I hate this pool on it does have seven
Here's the true test for this audience baby. We got it's 12.56. We got 64 minutes. We need a
riot on our website when you say the quiet riot a quiet feeding frenzy riot
But it's the one to do our
860
840 votes in an hour you could do it. I gotta leave on it
crank it
Swimming
I can do it no much
It's not a matter. I don't know why she ain't the politician that people like
Gold I know it when she's up there and making a speech no one was voting my best
Here's a heroine
Okay, it's 101 we got 59 minutes. We need let's see. Let me refresh it probably still 860
What do you think?
864 are coming in in small chunks and little teeny tiny chunks just like those tidbits
If WQM had a mascot what should it be a fat you 313 and Amoeba which would have put jelly fish but we'll stick with
Me because that was the mic 197 a jackass 149 a bull because they're full of bullshit 84 a hyena for that high-pitched
That comes to your weight you're starting a two by the way a hyena 59
Cowardly line 58 a vampire bat for blood sucking seals people 12
I hate this pool eight and a goldfish five eight 64 we can do it
I thought Josh was having a meeting and just look at that there's five more 869 131 the rally
Huh? The rallying are they making a rally rally Sally all right? Let's see if this audience can really do it
I know they sure as hell did it back when we had that phony great co-tax blog pool
Remember that would be a people
Which by the way you know we were the only ones on the station as usual we are the ones that have to like
Stick our ass out there. I'm along the limb and the rest of the people they are all the same old
Just like that fast said before the same stuff over and over. I mean we may give you a lot of crap on this show
But at least we give you a different crap right right right every day. It's different crap. I mean listen
For example you're too good stories. Thank you very much. We're fax these in
St. Louis a middle school teacher was arrested after police said he showed up at school drunk
Asked one of his students to fetch Konyak then fondled a student and made sexual mark to another
The teachers still ain't Johnson were charged with misdemeanor assault and a misdemeanor count of disturbing the piece
The school system will seek to have him fired it and said Craig Williams should pretend the public schools in St. Louis
Johnson 55 and industrial arts teacher at the Pruitt Military Academy a maggot school in the district
Pruitt I wonder if he's kind of Greg Pruitt played for the Cleveland Browns and Mike Pruitt who also played for the Cleveland Browns
876 what do you think?
You can do it. What's your analization Josh? It's gonna be 27 huh? It's gonna be tough
We need 123 in 57 minutes. That's just a little more than two a minute. That's like one every 30 seconds
Come on with a zillion of people we got listening out there hop on that pool baby hop on it
Give it a shot after arriving at the school Monday morning police said Johnson asked his students to be treated
A bad containing a bottle of Konyak from actually. You know whose fault it is that we don't have the a thousand already
Mine. Oh, you want to know why? Why?
Because there's nearly I put the next days pool on around you know between five seven or eight o'clock at night
And I think you'd home to like midnight or eleven thirty
So it would be way over a thousand already
So I don't know why you keep bitching out Mike and Melbourne who you know
They get it. Yeah, what do you bitching them out for it doesn't matter. It's my fault bitch me out
Anyway, this is too important to have passed over after arriving at school Monday morning
Police said Johnson asked the student to retrieve a bad containing a bottle of Konyak from his car
Police then said Johnson rubbed the buttocks and thigh of a thirteen-year-old girl and directed a sexual mark at another thirteen-year-old girl
He rubbed the buttocks and thought
The principal order the teacher has been teaching for 22 years to leave after becoming aware of his behavior
Johnson can apply but return a short time later was arrested
William said hidden model of booze was found in Johnson's classroom. Maybe he wanted to share
Not as good as you may
Now there you go. That's just the booze you wanted to share all his great stuff
He said it's all good
877 man, you know, it would be really bad if we came real close like on a bird and then oh 889 now
There's a nice jump. See this is like counting the books on election day
Only we don't have an in with die bowl so we can fix the result like bush can 889 man. That's fine, huh need 111
In 55 minutes now that do the math on that that's almost exactly two a minute for we can't do that
We're not coming back tomorrow
Okay, they can't get to a thousand by one by two o'clock. We're not coming back tomorrow any of us right? Is that a deal sure?
Let's do the Masonic the oh now. Let me see. Oh, that's right Saturday morning attend you better watch that show
That's right and then Monday morning we want your amylization because that's right up your alley and that's
That's your that's your area of expertise right worthless crap
We're all that ancient we're and that's just worthless crap but ancient worthless crap you bet Sydney Nebraska
A judge said a five foot one man convicted of sexually assaulting a child was too small to survive in prison and gave him 10 years probation instead
I think he's the new sales guy. What's about time they short people kind of brave right? That's right
His crimes deserve the long sentence to stitch judge Christine Kavaka said but she worried that Richard W. Thompson
Fifty would be especially impealed by prison dangers
You are a sex offender. You did to a child she said but she said that doesn't make you a hunter
You don't fit in that category
Thompson will be electronically monitored the first form of his probation
And was told it'd ever be alone with someone under age 18 or date or live with a woman whose children are under 18
So Kavaka also ordered Thompson to get rid of his pornography. He faces 30 days 30 days of jail
Each year is probation unless he follows his conditions closely
I want control of you until I know you've integrated their change into your life the judge told Thompson
I truly hope that my bet on you being okay out in society is not misplay okay
That was just about
Guys marrying women that have young children. I happen to know two people like that. I'm not gonna use their names on a year
I think you know both of them are okay
No, and I take that back. I know three people all right. I know two of them are well now. I'll tell you the other one tomorrow
All right, no, you know who the other one is. It's just not registering right now. Okay, but at any rate all ten in a minute
Who who did exactly that they married that but anyway 900 votes we can do it now. I can smell it. Can you smell it?
Good God
Man what an aroma 900 votes and yeah, we gotta hand this one a judge because if we wouldn't have started persevering
We never would have done it because I just gave up and it goes to show you all you people out there with absolutely no talent
Whatsoever and basically no life don't ever give up okay? I have no right don't give up
Just like some of the people that we keep dumping and rejecting they never give up do it. No, they never will well. Let's see
The ghost
I hope you make sure
W.Q.Y.M. Hello
So she said to me
See I love that because they're then I can kill two birds with one click. I like that
This is working better than I ever dreamed of could
Demonstrators would be barred from disrupting military funerals and national cemeteries under legislation approved by Congress and sent to the White House
You know this Fred Phillips and when he does it next time he started your car Fred. Yeah, it is daughter
Yeah, yeah another one the measure passed by voice vote in the house Wednesday hours after the center passed in a manned version
Specifically targets a Kansas church group
Fred Phillips in his far-bison that has staged protests at military funerals around the country
claiming the deaths were a sign of God's anger at U.S. tolerance of homosexuals
The act will protect the sanctity of all hundred and twenty two of our national cemeteries as shrines to the gallon dead
Center majority leader Bill Fist said proud of the center vote
It's a sad but necessary measure to protect which it be recognized by all reasonable people
As a solemn private and deeply sacred occasion he said under the senate bill approved without objection by the House with no recorded vote
The respect for americans fall on heroes act with barred protests within three hundred feet of the entrance of a cemetery
And within 150 feet of a road into the cemetery from 60 minutes before to 60 minutes after a funeral
Those violating the act with face up to a hundred thousand dollar fine up to a year in prison
The sponsor of the house bill representative Mike Rogers of Michigan
City took up the issue after attending military funeral as home state where mortars were greeted by chance and tonning and some of the most
vile things ever heard he said
Families deserve the time to bury their american heroes with dignity and in peace he said Wednesday before the House vote
The demonstrators are led by the anxious the insane reverend Fred Phillips of Topeka, Kansas with previously organized protests against those who died of AIDS and
Game murder victim Matthew Shepard in the interview after the House bill passed
Felt said congress was blatantly violating the first amendment rights to free speech and passing the bill
He said if the bill becomes like he'll continue to demonstrate but would abide by the restrictions
Senator Pat Roberts Republican from Kansas said the loved ones of those who died have already sacrificed for the nation
It must allow them to write to more without being thrust into a political circus in a way circus
Who's gonna save us from the circus that's become qa m huh? Who's gonna save us from the circus?
It's your ain't gonna be that normal not that child
Maybe you like in the hospital would like so maybe you got the hemorrhoids
You know what I'm saying what he said maybe maybe he is on a hot date with the joe bell
I don't know if you've seen joe bell is he gonna know no no no no joe bell is
Out to lunch with clearance and Bruce Beasley
Who out to lunch with clearance and Bruce Beasley?
I mean as in Beasley BBGI that's right. It's in banjo blood. You'll think oh man
Maybe he's getting fired at it. It would be really good. I think I'd say hello. I
Maybe they're firing Bruce
That's an even better idea. He and uh, what did you say out to lunch to do put a period at the end ban?
Uh, yeah, I'm gonna have to answer that there was a rhetorical question
913 old bean. How do you like that? We got 49 minutes and we only need 87 votes. That's a piece of cake
We will do it. That means we might show up again tomorrow
This guy and I see this guy sent us two good stories now. He's in a feeding frenzy, but thanks anyway
That's okay. It's good. It's funny. Orange County and this is Orlando orange County deputy sheriff was zapped by his own stung on
Wednesday night during a scuffle with a suspect that's already said about 9 o'clock last night
Deputy Joseph Ingram Ham. I wonder if he's going to Dave Ingram
pulled over a driver and hold an avenue in Orange blossom trail and the man took off running when Ingram caught up with him
He uses department issued to subdue him after the initial shock the man jumped up and wrestled with Ingram
During the struggle the man burned the taser on Ingram
A suspect refused to identify him. He never took possession of the weapon
Ingram Ham was not serious danger
The man was arrested and charges is not having a tag assigned to his vehicle driving without a license and resisting with violence
All of these
Now where did you find that information out? He's out to lunch with clearance and bruised easily
Wow
Robert creeper told me oh Robert creeper told you. Well, how come he's not in on the lunch huh?
Our consultant because he's only middle level management
Now you forgot he's moved up several notches in the atotom pool guy nine notches
Man fact I wouldn't be surprised if he was there orchestrating the whole thing just like that band leader
You know and standing in the shadows of Motown
I wouldn't be surprised if Robert's there, but his arms you know flailing all around
Of course, I wouldn't be the first time
12 minutes after one at five sixty WQM
It's almost Memorial Day man. It's coming up on Monday time for mattress and furniture storage to run their phony sales
When they double the price and then they say we're gonna be half off. Well, what kind of a big simmiss is that?
Don't waste time money driving around shopping for a mattress
Save like never before when you call dial a mattress and one 800 mattress right now
The prices are lower than the mall stores even during these so-called half-off sales that they pull on you every year at this time
And only dial amatris delivers from eight in the morning till ten and night every day
Same day delivery is available for call right now
They can be there before the day is out and like always you choose the date and time for living with a tour
One of that's convenient for you. That's why dial amatris continues to be ranked number one in the world for the best
customer service in the business and they don't have any off-brand crap
They got only the top names in the business
dial amatris has the complete line of Ceeley
Serta Simmons King Coral Sterns and Forsyth you at temper pete all the brands you know will love and cover
And when you get one 800 mattress on the phone you'll get the best prices on the best brands
I've been using them for years and if you've got a half a brain you'll avoid always betting in the apartment stores
Those phony sales and you'll save yourself a lot of gas time and money too
So pick up the phone right now and call one 800 mattress or shop online at mattress.com
Sleep like a baby as soon as tonight on a great new mattress some dial amatris call
1 800 MATTRES
Leave off the list as because it stands for stupendous saving
This is Neil Rogers
This is 516 tank Goldberg
We came morning 7 to 10 the year before Shaquille O'Neal came on
We were basically one game less than what we've done up to this point. That's not so off to Indiana
That was in round two. Yeah, well
I just but you're wrong. I mean the next year and Shaquille's first year they went seven games with Detroit in the conference final
There were one game be uh they went seven games in the conference final moron had at one more on this morning
Show is going too well
Have our hate call for seven days sports when you apply
Take a break and laugh out loud with nearer
I don't know there was a guy sitting next to me at uh would buy another a healing over in sneak one right in my direction
Too maybe it was natural comment so rude just look at me the other way. Yeah. No, there was a guy on the other side
I didn't like him better. I don't know. Now what the hell is that? I mean it was so obvious
Too late made a real obvious and then uh he dealt it nice well
Neil Rogers weekage from 10 to 21 5 to see QA
Introducing the QAM box office presented by Burger King
This is a tasty burger
Every Tuesday the QAM box office will open for your chance to win tickets to upcoming South Florida bands
Thank God the QAM box office on sport radio 560
QAM the white hot playoff edition of the Miami Heat Show
Wednesday at 830 with the hammer brought to you by
Kindle Toyota number one on us one just out of D-Laymore
You're in the key to a healthy prostate south BMW on us one just out of the balls
These march drive sour the white hot playoff edition of the Miami Heat Show featuring that Riley or Randy
Fine once you a three with a hammer an exclusive presentation of 560
QAM
Log on to wqam.com and enter the I really need a Florida vacation right now contest to win a trip
Perform to Orlando Florida winners will see if the omnieland a resort and champions gates
Front you by visit florida.com and sports radio 560 QAM
After 6.7
You show By
yes
down
Onback
Want to Go
ness
Hey, did he?
Are you ready for this?
Patrick says he didn't have any booze.
Wasn't it 37 years ago you went swimming in the sand with you?
Hey!
Another Kennedy avoids a bus stop.
Which side can you trust?
Through an ambient down, many hit the town.
Kennedy avoids a bus stop.
Cox, I'm gonna drive your home!
Another Kennedy avoids a bus stop.
I am a show-bomb.
2018 and five systems finally got a response from normal who's been in court all morning and whatever.
I'm not interested.
I'm an important.
He's been courting this summer in a way.
I don't know.
I'm just an AOA then.
He's gonna meet with Joe Bell next week and Joe is having lunch with him.
Of course he does know that.
Now he does.
With Bruce Beasley and Clarence.
Oh my god.
With a brain trust.
I think we're out of the woods now.
Oh, too?
You're feeling better already.
Paul A. Moli, especially with Clarence about that,
if only Robert Creeper and Abysco be on that meeting,
we'd probably solve all the problems in the radio station,
but of the universe by midnight, by 3.30, 9.36.
Now what are your thoughts?
What's your take?
I think you can do it.
We can do it?
Yeah.
That means we need 64 in 41 minutes.
I mean that's like one and a half-fold a minute.
Now if you're under 5.2, you vote only counts half.
So let us know that.
9.37.
Or you can start to see now they're doing their damn best.
They're trying to call Mark the sender very best.
9.38.
That's pretty great.
So we need 62 and 41 minutes.
Like I said, that's exactly one and a half-fold a minute.
Just by...
The night.
Okay, so it's not the greatest point.
I didn't put up there in time.
And Mike and Melbourne-Fee is really bad about it too.
But then again, if you don't get to with us,
we just won't come back tomorrow.
Or you'll be pleased to hear this.
Marie Antoinette, the long-awaited feature
from Oscar winning the rest director Sofia Coppola
with a big smile, was booed by audiences at the Cannes Film Festival.
Booed.
Booed.
Hiss.
The movie, filmed on location in Versailles,
tracks the life of the 14-year-old Austrian princess
from her rival at the French court
to the final strumming of the palace by angry mobibas.
Marie Antoinette is played by Kristen Dunst.
Yeah, I like her.
What was that?
What was that?
I thought I heard somebody in the back there.
Here?
Yeah.
Yeah, you probably did.
That was Carlos Picari coming in to tell us that,
you know, we're not ending the show the normal way today.
We're going to be playing music to the top of the hour
until, until one of the...
You played the ID, because we'll be playing the...
out of these studios, we'll be playing the Hurricane's game.
A big new pardon?
I didn't understand the details.
We're not going to be ending the show the normal way?
No, the normal way.
Normally we hit an ID and...
They can take that hurricane baseball game
and they can step over to Mundo Chino, okay?
Especially since I'm not doing it.
We can play some of that cool music you've been playing.
Or not?
Maybe not the 80 stuff.
For how long?
No, for the...
Just at the top of the hour, he's going to hit the ID.
Like he's going to do one?
He's going to hit the ID at the top of the hour.
You can just play some music into that.
And then we're going to be playing...
This studio is going to be playing...
What?
My guarantee.
You know, the...
Well, some other is when George comes in tomorrow morning,
and he's like, this morning the studio is going to be like,
turn upside down and inside out, just like today.
That's right.
Give me some of the due, you know?
It's like a puzzle.
I'm getting out of my music for the...
It's the top of the hour going to the hurricane game.
Never play those...
You know, brain flisters or whatever?
No.
Like a movie to choose.
I'm too stupid to know.
That's how a lot of the board is going.
It's the first time we've ever been providing.
Okay, that's what we'll tell you to do the top of the hour.
To go right up to that hurricane game.
Do we know who they're playing?
I realize the game is on K-E-T, but...
I can find out.
No, no, it's not...
It's not important.
Don't knock yourself out.
No, I'm going to find out.
Marine Internet is played by Kristen Dunn's turning into a...
In a charming performance as the team,
where everyone launches into a life of excess,
to relieve her boredom and loneliness within the court street confines.
It had been expected to be a strong contender for the Pom-da-Ore,
as the festival begins to countdown towards Sunday's top award.
Coppola, who made the widely-acplanned lost-in translation,
has seen as a gifted director capable of subtle poetic work on the screen,
but despite some shows sets and costumes and a wallicking rock and roll soundtrack.
The film is a disappointing and unconvincing story that prompted Snickers at points
and booze which strut out the scattered applause.
Snickers?
Snickers?
I could go for it.
You were throwing Snickers, yeah.
How do you like that?
Dad!
Oh yeah, that's the field copola for you.
Dad!
That probably would have gotten the standing ovation in the movie
if people would know what they know about the movie.
There's actually very bad news that you're telling us here because...
Dad!
It fails at directing.
She might go back to acting.
Oh no, I don't think so.
Unless Daddy starts making more movies again.
Keep in mind that he's the one with all that nepotism that put...
Let's see, as father did the music and she was in the movie and you know,
everybody in the Gossamer's facha was in her man.
And by the way, if the beesleys don't know what that means,
I asked you, I shall tell you.
That bitch.
950 votes on the pool.
We need 50 votes in 37 minutes.
That's...
Oh, so you know how it's so close?
Right, you can taste it.
You can reach out and practically touch it.
Oh, so close.
I've had moments like that.
When you see it, what?
When you see somebody who, well, you better not come on.
You know, that's right.
You'll smash mouth.
But you're so close to something really good.
You can practically reach right out and grab it.
Oh, God.
Anyway, 950 won.
Come on.
You can do it.
We need you to like, pylon to a baby.
Squeeze it.
Robert Scheer writes, he didn't disappear.
He's all over the place.
It's five a.l.a. times.
He writes in the nation.
Do I dare read this whole article?
Okay.
Because I don't want to start clearing my throat again.
You know, and I think today's the last day for that.
I hope.
I said it yesterday.
Pretty good though today, huh?
I'm pretty sure it was this crud.
Of course, all those hours have losing my answers today kind of helping us.
Got it out of my system.
I cured both the heavy wallet and heavy upflow.
George W. Bush received a standing ovation Monday from the National Restaurant Association Convention,
which might have been expected that he promised to guarantee the right to exploit immigrant cooks and dishwashers
through a guest worker program.
But that wasn't the president's topic.
And the applause came after Mr. Mission accomplished, dragged about the latest incremental progress in Iraq.
We have now reached a turning point in the struggle between Freedom and Terror.
Bush claimed to be partial formation of a new Iraqi government under Prime Minister Nuri Al Maliki.
If you search for this quote on Google, lobe careful not to confuse it with the many other similar moments in Iraq's recent history.
For example, two years ago, Bush said the rise of a free and self-governing Iraqi will deny terrorists the base of operation,
discredit their neuroidiology and give momentum to reformers across the region after the U.S. officially turned over sovereignty.
And then there was the important milestone Bush celebrated when a temporary governing council was formed in July 2003.
The turning point in the history of Iraq, the history of the Middle East, and the history of Freedom two months later when the Iraqi selected a parliament,
and the selection of a Prime Minister last month, which was an important milestone toward our victory in Iraq,
and a turning point for the Iraqi citizens according to him.
With all these turns, no wonder Americans are a little unsettled about this quagmire to use the commander-in-chief's own delicate description of the public's deep and bitter frustration with this war.
Despite the public's nausea over the war, hopes brings eternal for a White House panic by the prospect of a democratic controlled branch of Congress with the power to investigate its mendacity.
And so Bush was back in for a Monday proclaiming that the latest head of Hancho and Iraq has got the right stuff and that terrorists are quaking in their sandals.
Problem is, like everything about his Iraq policy, since he lied to us about Saddam Hussein being connected with 9-11 terrorist attacks,
the President refuses to allow reality into his picture, because when a government is formed that has no power over a slew of murderous sectarian militias,
and will govern from behind the walls of a green zone protected by an Occupy Army, it still has the legitimacy of a wooden denar.
Iraqis have become informers in their own countries, said the new Prime Minister acknowledging, unlike our President, that things are getting worse, not better.
Bush, on the other hand, is so desperate for positive signs that he's happy just to get a call back from Iraqi leaders.
He wouldn't have taken my phone call a year ago, Bush said money of the new Iraq parliament speaker.
He's...
Hey, Goldberg! We came morning 7-10.
The year before Shaqil O'Neil came on, we were basically one game less than what we've done up to this point.
That's not so.
To India.
That was in the round two.
Yeah, well, so I just...
For you're wrong, I mean, the next year in Shaqil's first year, they went seven games with Detroit in the conference finals.
They were one game, they...
They went seven games in the conference finals. Moron had one more on us, when the show was going too well.
That hammer, he called for a seven-10.
Sports radio by CCC, he's dead.
He got break and laugh out loud with Neerun.
I know, and there was a guy sitting next to me at Woodbine-Abbey.
He leaned over and sneak one in right in my direction to make us an out of Sherlock common.
So, Rude just looked at the green the other way.
Yeah, no, there was a guy on the other side too, and I'd like him better.
Now, what the hell was that?
I mean, it was so obvious to him that he made a real obvious, and then he dealt it in a nice smell of it.
Neel Rogers, weekage from 10-2-1-5-6-Q-A-M.
Introducing the Q-A-N box office, presented by Burger King.
This is a tasty burger.
Every Tuesday, the Q-A-N box office will open for your chance to win tickets to upcoming South Florida vans.
Thank God.
The Q-A-N box office on Sports Radio 5-16.
It's awesome, baby!
Q-A-N.
Can you believe it?
Can you believe how the South Florida vans come through for us in our time of need?
Troopers.
Oh, man.
You see that?
Like I told you, forget about the colors, forget about the factors.
It's the silent asses, amazes out there.
The people that have got a little bit more to do in their life besides...
I have no love.
...call 600 times every day and make the same stupid silence.
968.
Isn't that great?
It is great.
I'd say right now.
I would say it's a given, but I don't want to like rest on my laurel.
27 past 1, oh wait a minute.
Today, a jury in Houston convicted for having over.
27 after 1, a Q-A-N, if you're a cigar smoker, you want to kick back with a good premium stogie man.
And then, but he is a Gars Vitone, where Hone is for you.
These hard to find cigars are made with first-rate tobacco, processed and aged up to 10 years.
Now, but he is a real boutique cigar maker, specializing in small bags, hard to find tobacco.
But he had gold.
The flagship line gets a 91 rating by cigar, 15 out of cigar, and cider, and 9.1 rating by Smoke Magazine.
This rich flavored well-balanced, full-bodied, Nicaragua wins the Gars, got earthy, hints of dark roast coffee,
chocolate, spice and pepper flavors.
Also, he shouldn't try it, but he had to say it's the hottest new release of Gars in the last 10 months.
The Vsail gets a high rating of 91 by cigar, 15 out of cigar, and cider.
A powerful blaster, man, it'll tear your guts out.
A powerful cigar with complex notes of leather, earth, and pepper that finishes long and full-bodied,
with additional spice in a note of charred wood.
It's something different.
To receive 40% off on all the hirs cigars, tell that Nicaragers tour to do call on caller toll free number, 1-800-35-Vahir.
That's 1-800-35-BAH-I-A.
This is Neal Roger, on solid, Miss, a 5-16-Q-A-X.
Hank Goldberg, we're getting one-eighths.
Seven-10.
The year before Shaquille O'Neill came on, we were basically one game less than what we've done up to this point.
That's not so.
That was in Round 2.
Yeah, well, so I just...
But you're wrong.
I mean, the next year in Shaquille's first year, they went seven games with Detroit in a conference final.
They were one game, they went seven games in a conference final.
Moron had one Moron, as when the show was going to well.
The hammer, Hank Goldberg, seven-10.
Sports wheel, 5-16-Q-A-X.
He got break and laugh out loud with Neal Roger.
By the way, there was a guy sitting next to me at Woodbime, but I...
He leaned over and sneak one, and right in my direction, too, maybe it was an editorial comment.
So Rude just looked at me the other way.
Yeah, no, there was a guy on the other side, too, and I'd like him better, I don't know.
Now, what the hell is that?
I mean, it was so obvious, too, it made it real obvious, and then he dealt it in nice smell.
Neal Rogers, week eight from 10-2-1-5-60-Q-A-M.
Introducing the Q-A-M box office, presented by Burger King.
This is a tasty burger.
Every Tuesday, the Q-A-M box office will open for your chance to win tickets to upcoming South Florida events.
Thank God.
The Q-A-M box office on Sports Radio 5-60.
It's awesome, baby!
Q-A-M, the white-hot play-op edition of the Miami Heat Show.
The voices.
Well, there's no voice to kill, buddy.
Jesus here.
Have you killed all the homos yet?
He needs their soul, right, Bob?
There won't be any more to live when you're good back anymore, so.
So, where are you going?
I'm the designer.
I'm the designer.
All I've got was a good sister.
Don Rumsfeld is doing a fine job.
And I like the idea of blowing up lost tickets.
Yeah, that's the city of Simanyway.
Funny how everyone of Rose's there.
Hey, Bob, where's the Virgin Mary?
Who's doing Boros that week?
Somewiring friend.
She makes great sandwiches.
She's sad because she uses real healthy play-a-day.
Not that I...
I'm your voice, your voice, your voice, your voice, your voice.
There.
It's bad, dude.
There's no way I can't sad.
But I choose to look like a dog today.
I already be gone to the side.
I'm the designer.
For sure.
Look, sexy when she dresses like a poor, rugged woman.
I'm just not a voice, your voice, your voice, your voice, your voice, your voice.
Okay, 133Q, I know.
I'm a little bit confused now.
It's a transfer to top of the hour here.
Is we're switching to rust-swishin'.
Splatins.
Because the game started at one, according to the schedule.
Okay, nothing clear.
It's like a mistake.
Game started at one on KOT.
Hurricanes.
They're playing weight-forced, by the way.
Who cares?
Did it start at one o'clock?
Look, I don't know what's going on here.
I know that...
You don't know what's going on.
If you don't know what's going on.
Let me tell you what I was told.
Play me a little diggling on.
I'm going to pop it at the top of the hour.
Yeah.
And they'll take it from there, man.
You know?
Better get some other song, baby.
Now, this is the one.
This is the one.
I know.
I know.
This is the one.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
We have Joanne?
So he ochritch-
Heech-
Heech-
Variety curve that out onto the head.
Heech-
Let me know how her name all says her name is AncientOR ending.
And adulthood is!
Then.
I know.
Hey!
How may I?
I know, but.
to me, that list grows shorter every day.
Yeah, right.
All right, bye.
988 votes.
We got it, lick, baby.
Oh, just like that lady's toes in the car.
In the parking lot.
Yeah, you're right.
I can't stop thinking about that story.
There was a follow-up somewhere and I lost it.
I can't do it.
She goes shopping.
She takes her bag.
She gets in the car.
And she's dragging her foot behind her.
She feels that something someone is licking her toes
from underneath the car.
She sure is either a dog or a pretty kid.
Yeah, yeah.
I come to find out.
It's just prevert who's hanging out underneath the car.
Boy, shocking.
You know, Josh was right.
989.
We got the thousand made.
Thank you to the audience, man.
You guys, Chris, you know what they're doing it
because they want us to come back tomorrow
because they realize that I have off on Monday.
And you and you guys got a short show on Monday
because we got the big all in there.
Boy, we are.
We are so half fast.
It just, you know, you know, you're something?
I think it was an omen when we had Craig Mish on last Saturday
for a couple hours.
Who Craig Mish?
Sorry.
And I kept making jokes about he was doing a show
from a Mosh pit.
So it'd be Mish Mosh where you were at sick.
I see.
That's probably what puts you over the edge.
But that's what we're becoming.
We're like radio Mish Mosh.
We're like heavenly hash freeform.
But we don't know who's going to be on too many later
and see who's going to be on.
Like I like a contest.
It might be better.
It could be rock.
So I don't know who knows what it's going to be.
Or it could even be God forbid.
Yeah, let's bring him back.
What do you think?
I think we bring him back alive or what?
Or don't let's bring him back in a box.
Don't forget, you better be fucking be ready
to play with the big boys.
Oh, I help you on.
I'm sure somewhere.
I don't know.
Maybe that big meeting there having
out that big summit conference.
Maybe that's finally going to do a get off the pot.
And maybe they're just sitting around smoking some.
Maybe it's probably what George was invited.
Because you don't share.
I do so.
Don't I don't know how you do.
You're asking me to join.
So is your castellosin on most generous.
Amnesty International says president George Bush
is tactics in his fight against terrorists
that made the US comparable to Augusto Pineshitz Chile
and half as Assad's Syria in its acceptance
of torture and disregard of legal restraints.
Ain't that special?
Torturing lunatic.
Abu Gharr, virtue of Washington, man.
The Bush administration rejected the charge
that the human rights advocate could use
its expertise better, helping
your wacky judges build their case against Saddam Hussein.
Oh, yeah, we got him.
Saddam.
We don't have Osama yet.
In fact, you saw the start.
We had on a website yesterday.
I think I talked about did not get 10th to mention.
I don't remember.
Oh, he's moved out of the.
Yeah, you do.
Yes, he did.
He's moved into Pakistan.
I still think he's on the French Riviera.
We got him hold up in a nice, big suite somewhere.
Kind of a little.
So do you think he was 86 wives and all those other harlots?
Do you think he wears one of those stripe ones,
you know, at the pants?
I think he wears a Husad Shaco.
When speaking of amnesty, you know,
that's the only time in my life I ever heard that expression.
That's got to be another great,
another great line from network.
Josh was already asleep by that time.
Now, if you tell me that you saw that scene,
you didn't think that was a panic.
Which things that were the guy where the great,
on the road to his name.
What was the name?
I'm a kind.
The great Ahmed Khan was sitting there
with his decor.
It's eating Kentucky fried chicken.
And she comes in says,
Ahmed, I'm going to make you a movie star or TV.
So it says, what the after you talking about?
Remember that?
Mm-hmm.
How you gonna see that scene?
I don't remember.
That's how it was out by the way.
It was out by the way.
It was out by the way.
I watched the movie.
I just packed it out and made you a TV star.
And he puts the tasty chicken like halfway out of the way.
What the hell are you talking about?
It is great.
And he wears a Husad Shaco.
See, he was great.
Uh-huh.
And what that was her name, Lorraine Hobbs.
That's right.
I'm a badass comic.
Well, we can't say.
No, we can't say more.
You've had an American national U.S. State Department
supposed to have been Sean McCormick said,
we think they're pretty good at press releases.
Well, what we do.
See that?
Now, somebody's going to tell America what to do.
And it's annual report of human rights conditions
around the world.
Amnesty included the U.S. alongside China, Russia, Columbia,
who's vecker Stan, and others in states that claim anti-terrorism
to justify gross violations.
And believe me, this bush grow out.
They're pretty dang gross.
Amnesty officials speaking in a news conference
about releasing the important London Washington
had particularly harsh words for the Bush administration.
It's difficult to believe that the U.S. government,
which was once considered an exemplar of human rights,
has sacrificed its most fundamental principles
by abusing prisoners as a matter of policy,
by disappearing detainees into a network of prisons,
and by abducting and sending people for interrogation
to countries that practice torture they send.
Governments around the world are using double speaking
double standards to take advantage of this vacuum
of moral leadership.
And you like that?
I think we ought to call up the great Ahmed Khan
and see what he says about it.
So, as he's done with his chicken, I'm sure.
This is what he's done with a kernel, right?
That's erudicating in that movie is great and Josh is good.
Including a scene where Tom Hagen goes out there
to see that kid on television.
Remember the kid of bartender?
Yes, there they're from the TV set.
He wants to see the TV, the Howard Beale show.
And they're neat, deep in telegrams.
They're up to their drowning in telegrams
at the White House.
We want the Saudi deal.
And like I said, I'd say the network
is kind of like the Da Vinci code.
Real good message in the movie,
but the movie kind of weak execution of the electricity
for I was saying.
How do you like to see a strong execution?
Like a Saudi Arabian style.
How do you like to be right in the middle of it?
Well, guess what movie was on again the other night?
I don't know, network.
No.
Now, there are some of these movies,
and I'm sure I'm not the only one,
but I wouldn't say come on.
I've seen them a million times I can turn it off.
Oh, he's a little guy.
Kind of funny.
Oh, Fargo, one of my favorites.
You kidding?
That is a good one.
I never get tired of that movie.
And I'm going to tell you, Francis McDormann,
she may be one of the greatest, so underrated.
You know, she's his favorite.
I'm going to send you a raising Arizona
because it's the only way to watch it.
What do you mean if I send it?
I can afford it.
I can go out on the client.
Made by the same makers of executive.
This is a bad day of wood buying.
Am I a slipper?
Or like I said, this is the middle one.
Make your phone fail.
This is 560 QA.
Hank Goldberg.
We're team morning 7 to 10.
This year before Shaqille O'Neill came on,
we were basically one game less than what we've done up to this point.
That's not so.
That's Andy Ann.
That was in round two.
Yeah, well, so I just...
But you're wrong.
I mean, the next year in Shaqille's first year,
they went seven games with Detroit in a conference final.
They were one game.
They went seven games in a conference final.
More on.
And then, I'd have one more on this morning
if Sha was going too well.
I have our Hank Goldberg 7 to 10.
420 560 QA.
Take a break and laugh out loud with Nearun.
I know it was a guy sitting next to me as wood buying a bay.
Healing over in sneak one.
Right in my direction too.
Maybe it was an editorial comment.
So Rude just looks at leading the other way.
Yeah.
No, there was a guy on the other side too.
Maybe it's like him better, I don't know.
Now, what the hell is that?
I mean, it was so obvious too.
It made it real obvious.
And then he dealt it nice, felt it.
Near Rogers.
We date from 10 to 215 60 QA game.
Introducing the QA N-Box Office,
presented by Burger King.
This is a tasty burger.
Every Tuesday, the QA N-Box Office
will open for your chance to win tickets
to upcoming South Florida events.
Thank God.
The QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
It's awesome baby.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
The QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
The QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
The QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
The QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
The QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
The QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
The QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
The QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
The QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
The QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
The QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
The QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
QA N-Box Office on Sport Radio 560.
