Get out of here.
The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the host, guest, and caller.
Who was that?
Joey What?
Oh, gee.
Staff, advertisers, or agencies.
Wow.
The biggest name.
You sure make me want to take a lot of call.
Don't make you?
Huh?
Right.
Not.
I hate you.
Goodbye, Grumsville.
Drop dead and learn and yell it.
It's much too late to confess.
That I ran was just for oil.
We hope you die of festering for oil.
Absolutely.
You know you're pretty stinking old.
But you will never die, sir.
How about a nice refreshing dump on the waterboard?
That your pals had black water asked for.
All right.
And there were many unknowns, and no, you didn't know that most people.
You're unknowing.
Go to the Germans about your plan for concentration camps.
Your pen just on, your agency has never been there.
Just like push on down, you're a failure in disguise.
The whole danger of danger.
So I just think of one about Brady Quinn's, I'm sorry, Tom Brady's head on Brady Quinn's
body.
That's my new goal.
A designer, you know, can be old Doc Frankenstein there.
10 out of 2 at 5, 60 WQM happy Wednesday.
And remember 15, it's WW.
It's Woodbuy Wednesday.
I mean, George is going to be putting up that new poll for tomorrow, even though I already
sent it along.
Or not.
Or maybe he'll just be in the drunken stupor by that time this afternoon.
Sure.
Or maybe he'll be up at Gulfstream with a hot machine mom, but I doubt it.
We'll get to that.
So anyway, I was googling right before the show too, and you interrupted my googling
there.
I was finding some really interesting.
You know, if you Google almost anything and you figure, oh, it can't possibly be on
there, you know, Brady Quinn shirtless.
I just, I just Google it.
I just to see if there was like any pictures.
Wow.
Well, anyway.
So I actually Tom Brady from the chin down, he ate nothing.
You know, he's got a really weak body.
I just mentioned that for you, Fags.
I mean, are you ladies out there?
Here's some really great news for all of us fat people, or it's always trying to rationalize
our aberrant, unacceptable, self-destructive behavior.
Two tablespoons full of dark chocolate a day is good for your health.
The new study is fun.
They keep coming up with these new studies.
If you drink like a gallon of wine every day, and you drink like any, like 10 tubs of dark chocolate,
the sweet treat has a similar biochemical effect to aspirin, and can reduce the likelihood
of blood clotting.
You won't be saying, oil clot or oil clog.
Researchers at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine and Bloomberg School of
Puba Health made the discovery when 139 people were disqualified from a larger study looking
at the effects of aspirin on blood platelets.
These offenders, or at all, are going to be good grips and they could just vanish.
Should that have been platelets?
I beg your pardon?
Never mind.
Blood platelets.
Are you interrupting and correcting me again?
No, it was Josh.
These offenders were told to refrain from indulging in a number of foods known to affect platelet
activity including chocolate, but they could not break their habit.
Professor Diane Becker said, what these chocolate offenders taught us is that the chemical
and cocoa beans has a biochemical effect similar to aspirin and reducing platelet
clumping or flatlet, which can be fatal if it clot forms and blocks the blood vessel causing a heart attack.
And you'll be squealing.
I'm dying over here.
Researchers have known for nearly two decades that dark chocolate and lower blood pressure has
got other beneficial effects on blood flow.
I'm going to give me some dark chocolate right now.
The latest findings which will be presented at the American Heart Association's annual
Scientific Sessions in Chicago identified the effect of normal everyday doses of chocolate
found in ordinary foods.
What does that mean?
Normal everyday doses of chocolate found in ordinary foods like what?
I give up.
Putting?
I want a list.
Yellow pudding?
My coffee every morning?
Eating a little bit of chocolate or having a drink of hot cocoa, see there you go, is part of a regular diet.
It's probably good for personal health.
So long as people don't eat too much of it and too much of the kind would lots of butter and sugar
Professor Becker said, wow, how do you like that?
So the bottom line is the Desmond Baker.
It's good for you and my brother.
Eat lots of cocoa.
Anyway, moving along, oh, it got some bad news all the way.
You have no idea who she was, which shows you how out of touch you are.
That's right.
I don't know when it's supposed to be out of touch.
I'm looking at that shirtless series of pictures of Brady Quinn.
I'm thinking out of it to be in touch with that.
But anyway, that's what happens when you get to be a horny old fag, man.
You look at something like that and you say, wow, look at that.
And some of you people think there's a god?
Oh, I look in the mirror and I see me sitting here in my boxer shorts with this big gut hanging out like grotesque.
And then I look at that picture and I think there's a god created both of us.
I don't think so.
Anyway, athlete range who's fighting against the king, segregated schools launch day historic political career that took her to
city hall, Tallahassee in Washington died last night of cancer.
Family said she was 91.
Who?
Athlete range.
She was a great local black lady activist.
Range went from cleaning railroad cars and segregated Miami to advising the White House and scores a state local power brokers.
In the 1960s, she became the first African American to serve on the Miami City Commission.
Next decades are become the first black and woman in Florida history to serve in a high ranking state government post as director of the Department of Community Affairs.
And former president Jim McCarter reported her to serve on the national railroad passenger corporation.
A power broker herself ranged launched the careers of today's leaders including former US representative Carrie Meek.
She knew more about politics than anyone I know Meek said last night.
She taught me humility first and foremost.
She taught me to go out and talk with little people in the community who know what else to thought about.
She took me to places in the community where other people didn't go.
Everyone from US presidents down courted ranges favor they knew she could bring in the vote when it counted in a close election.
She helped metro rail become reality while nobody's perfect.
And another close referendum she led the fight to defeat a proposed property tax rollback.
Remember that?
Nope.
Yeah you do when I was given all the credit from that goofball I used to do the traffic or whatever.
Oh yeah that.
The Dave Gouffal.
Even in her later, you know that Joey G. Call was really funny for about 10 seconds.
Even in her later years she continued to mentor up and coming from a political aspirin like the late art teal and former...
County Commissioner Barbara Kerry Schueller.
She did so many things to improve the quality of life.
You can't point to one thing Kerry Schueller said.
She took us into the 21st century.
This tall visibly frail and with a barely audible voice.
This fall visibly frail with a barely audible voice.
Range campaign for Audrey Edmondson during the race to retain her seat on the date County Commission.
She also advised Michelle spends Jones a current Miami City Commissioner.
It goes on and on a great life and she was a great lady and she's dead.
She was 91 though and that's certainly old enough.
Unless you're 90 and a half you know.
I guess my mother figured 91 wasn't old enough.
I kept trying to tell her 90 was old enough.
700 and say oh we got to do yesterdays.
Pull 1892 votes.
That is impressive isn't it?
Yeah sure whatever.
Of course we had over 16 hundred during the show but that was a pretty heavy duty.
Who's the biggest foe of the mall?
No contest 1892 was the total and Rush Limbaugh had almost 40% of them.
749 for Pill Poppin.
Fony Baloney fat ass rush.
Reverend Ted Haggard had 281.
He just wanted a massage it.
Bill O'Reilly 204.
Dr. Phil was right on Bill's ass all the way through.
They were neck and neck nose to nose as to ass.
193 for the anxious Fony Baloney Dr. Phil.
Oprah had 104.
I'm glad to see she broke the century mark.
That untoweled Fony bitch.
Fennass governor jab bush 96.
One good thing about this show is we don't even call people names you know.
Like what?
Jesse Jackson 66 like Fennass governor.
I hate this poll only 51.
A mere 2.6% on nearly 1900 votes.
That is a real feather in my crap.
A Miss Mark Foley she had 48.
Talked about 147 right on Mark's ass.
Julie Bremen had 34 and Nancy Grace Fren had only 19.
That's really surprising.
Even this audience just figure she small potatoes they don't care about her or or they like her a lot.
I was I can't imagine that.
She's small potatoes.
Yeah nobody watched.
She's like cranky potentially she's small potatoes.
Fort TV is for like women.
Which religious group is much she's not I'm just on court TV.
She's on headlight news now.
Yeah.
She's all she's everywhere.
She's like a gigantic malignant tumor.
It's all over your cable and all over your antenna.
It's all over the place.
But there's a headline news.
Website.
What's in a smile?
Could it be lifelong happiness?
And one groundbreaking.
You know she's very nice looking at the chick there but she has no business.
She's like I can already tell.
In 10 seconds I can tell she's like one step away from Katie Kirk.
What a slightly darker complexion.
Katie you're out of your league honey.
You're way out of your league.
You're in the wrong profession now sweetheart.
You're a new you're a newsreader like I'm a freaking professional athlete.
Shaking like a leaf like I'm a like I'm a college quarterback.
See there you go with that Brady Quinn crap again.
If Josh wouldn't have started talking about Brady Quinn.
Anyway Josh didn't watch Max point which were pretty p-oated him about that.
Even his Russian girlfriend is seeing that.
And she ruined it.
And she's starting to try to ruin it for Josh.
All the way to that what's your name dies in the end.
We didn't say which one.
Well actually there are two people died.
The 77 votes out of this pool which religious group is most malignant.
Of course some of the people in the audience are already know they're saying this is a repeat.
Near you've done this before way you know what?
Too bad your mama your mama so socks in hell.
Okay. Too bad.
We reserve the right since they want these damn polls didn't they just tell us a couple of days ago.
They want the polls they like them.
Nothing's wrong with them keep them going.
Well that's it we didn't say we're going to come up with a new one every stinking day.
Right they said they were fine they said they said they just fine.
And I think this one's fine too when we're going to have over a thousand votes by the time we get out of here at two o'clock.
By the time I get in that cabin head for wood buying on wood buying Wednesday.
And George heads for his drug dealer on the corner there.
787 on the pool so far today.
Which religious group is the most malignant.
Born again Christians 392 they blow away the Muslims.
See a lot of people think it's the other way around.
Born again Christians 392 Muslims 201.
Science colleges are doing some do's doing surprisingly well they're a doozy they got 67.
I hate this pool 47 5.8%.
Now contents.
Yeah.
Cry babies.
Wasn't that the Johnny Depp movie Cry babies?
Yeah was it was Bridal.
Yeah that's stupid as per older like a little girl.
Catholics 43 in Orthodox Jews 41.
I was 799.
A run of urge of 800.
I bet if I refresh it will be over 800 vote.
And it is 803.
And Orthodox Jews are in last place as usual.
What are they doing at the wailing wall?
Wailing.
That's it.
They're wailing and they're throwing rocks at the women baby.
The raktion is a far business they can.
Remember the movie is far business they want to be?
No.
That was a song by Luther Campbell.
From minutes after 10.
Look at that line up we got the mad dog at 2.
The power hour with Hank and the mad dog together.
4 to 5.
Actually that's from the QM showers.
5 to 7 it's the Humper solo and then at the way I'm getting no game tonight.
Oh that's bad.
Because when we have no game to fill in that time at night we put some real swill on the air.
We got Hurricane Hotline at Gameworks in the shops and the sense that it plays from 7 to 9.
College tailgate presented by the FedEx Orange Bull 9 to 10.
And then Craig Mishes in for 8.8 and 9.10 to 2.
What the hell is that all about?
Eddie Kay taking a died off.
Who the hell is he think he is?
Who the hell is he?
Oh he's on his way to Vegas.
Because I see tomorrow Eddie Kay is on from Vegas.
Boy turning Eddie Kay loose in Vegas is like turning a little kid loose in a candy shop.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
Like turning a horny teenager loose in the name of the day.
1013 at 560 WQA.
Neon God.
That's all rise for the new speaker of the house.
Geldie Pelosi.
That ain't no doubt.
For our first daughter of business I say we ain't gonna impeach nobody.
Because we don't have those kind of balls.
Now see here.
Now Benny used that something to say about doing some religious light now over here.
Stand up and spell it.
I did it to do with Mrs. Speaker.
Who the hell are you?
Well how do you know?
I am none other than Moe Howard and David represented it representing a precinct of 13 of prestigious
empty town in Florida.
Yes so.
I propose we were born to...
That chicken light down.
I said put that chicken light down and put your shoes back on.
What do you think this is?
But I was just getting to the water melon.
Were you about to say something about removing a national guard from my rack?
No.
No.
There ain't no national guard there.
I keep trying to tell everybody not to do what they want.
I propose we removed the white and it got from our plunge of allegiance and replace it with the white and it...
...doi.
That was nation under...doi.
Absolutely.
...didn't do the doi.
And that cheap liberty for all.
That doi.
...doi.
That doi.
...doi.
...doi.
...exeterer.
...exeterer.
...doi.
...1018 at 560 WQM and by the way Joey G who was that last caller there on...
...the morning show on Kenny and Bo.
Yeah.
If the jets are so great, if the pizza is so great, if everything else in the people are so great, if New York is so great...
...and this is the same thing we want to say to all the other malcontent New Yorkers are always bitching and moaning and convincing.
Why don't you go back to New York?
And that sounds like a capital idea.
Ain't that the standard line?
Why are you here whining about it in New York until there?
See, I could be in South Florida whining about it but I'm not.
I'm not in South Florida at all so I'm not going to complain about it.
As you hate it down here, why don't you go to Canada or something?
Exactly.
That sounds like a hell of a good idea.
828 votes on the pool today and the Orthodox Jews are still holding up the rear.
We got some exciting news in town today baby.
Forget about New York.
This is a, you know, it goes to Shorya though, how far behind the state of Florida is, how in the stone age it is.
It's always the same because a bunch of drooling Bible thumping red necks basically run that state.
That's the problem with Florida.
I mean, there's a lot of beautiful places and the palm trees and the ocean and, you know, all of these things.
But there's a lot of old, crusty, nasty and especially up to, you know, in the rest of the state.
South Florida is like a bastion of progressive thinking, you know, compared to the rest of the state.
States, first laws, Vegas, now slot machines start running in proud today.
How do you like that?
All right.
Moments that the way this is written in the Sun Central, it's amusing, you know, it's hysterical.
Like something, like the first automobile is going to be on a dirt road in the date county today.
You know, I'm saying something like that, revolutionary.
Not silly.
Moments after noon today, someone will press a button and may change the face of gambling in Florida.
We'll change.
They're going to change the face.
I wish I could do that.
By the way, if you Google Brady Quinn naked, you'll find some interesting things too.
Now, what's going to come into all of that?
Okay, I'm just sitting here, minding my own business right away, you start with that.
What kind of a question is that?
What got you into all of that?
Being an old fact.
Oh, I was going to say.
It's just a rhetorical question.
Okay, we're so defensive for right now.
We're just going to see the look on both the Josh and mine's faces.
Like what have got you?
I don't want to see anyone in your face.
I want to see the look on Brady's face.
Hey, Brady.
We renovated Gumpstream Park Racing in Cassini.
We'll open its doors at noon today with the state's first Las Vegas-style slot machines.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
I hope you find a good machine mine.
I want to go over there at noon to try it out.
You better cut the crap right now.
You are not going to be going over there.
In addition to which, see, this is the good thing for you guys, like I told you before, the show.
Because the Helen Dale Beach Race Track Cassini received the state's final approval yesterday
to open with 516 traditional slots.
Well, that's a fraction of what, you know, I mean, that pompato is going to have 1,500 nothing
Gumpstream is going to have the same.
That's the limit, I believe, thanks to your fat ass governor.
But they're opening with just 516 slot machines, man.
You ever going to get no machine, man?
The opening comes before Gumpstream Park even kicked off its ad campaign promoting its new venture.
Park officials anticipate that word of mouth press coverage like on this show with all of our degenerate gamblers out there.
And the machines' powerful lure will translate into a crowd today.
The machines' powerful lure, like there's something intrinsically evil about a slot machine, man.
If it's a cold dead machine, it's evil.
Let me give you a little bit of advice, okay, on your plungers out there who are like novices with a slot machines.
Don't sit there feeding the dead machine for hours on end.
I learned that a long time ago, the hard way, the expensive way.
Don't sit there and feed a dead machine, man.
Why not open today, said Paul McCucci, the park's president, Kuchi Kuchi Kuh.
That's what I was thinking when I saw those naked pictures there. Kuchi Kuh.
Thousands of people have been calling us wanting to come to the new Gulfstream.
We thought there was definitely a demand we're happy to be open.
And we're ecstatic that they are open, although I wish it was starting in Poppano Park, but they will later next year.
Slot's drawing power was undisplicated in Pennsylvania as that state's first slot parlors open.
Hundreds of gamblers, mostly senior citizens, or a way, waited hours in a foggy drizzle to start plucking in money.
They're going to lose their social security text too bad.
Gamblers were sitting before most of the casinos, 1100 slots within 10 minutes of Mohican sun at Polkano down on locking its doors.
At Polkano down's race track makes me want to play that Jewish Polkano's bit, which I will.
Gulfstream Park, and by the way, I've got all these, wow, I'm just got a backlog here.
I got all kinds of, like, about five discs with all kinds of stuff.
So maybe I'll play a lot of bits today while you guys are plunging trying to find a good machine, because it is wood buying Wednesday.
Sure, I'll find a good machine, man.
Gulfstream Park is the first of Broward County's four paramutrials to open its slots room.
Marty Grawr racetrack in Casino, which you'll use to be Hollywood Greyhound track, hopes to open next month.
It's been more than two years, two long, excruciating, freaking years, this Carl Levenigan with those stupid bifogals down to the two of his nose.
It's been more than two years since a statewide referendum allowed Broward voters to decide to have traditional slots.
At Gulfstream Park, Marty Grawr, popular park on his track, and Dania Highly.
Half of every dollar generated by the slots will go to Florida Schools.
A projected $200 million dollars once each of the premutials has the maximum number of slots allowed by state law.
1,500 machines, man.
The slot machines are planned.
Now, you guys ought to go over there just to take a look and see what they got.
So you can report to us.
Yeah, go ahead, Josh.
All right.
I'll be out of here at like an hour and thirty six minutes.
You can be there right in noon.
You'll never get close to a machine.
I'll do a call in.
I'll tell you if I win.
You'll never get even close.
Yeah, let's have our roving reporter out there.
Let's get one of our, like, Orlando rock solid.
Yeah, he's a real big shot, not the eye.
The slot machines are class three gambling devices like those found in Vegas and Atlantic City.
The Seminole Tribe currently has got class two slots.
Less liquid of bingo style machines, which I still don't understand.
I don't want to understand.
And it's seven Florida casinos, but they're pushing to get the class three machines too, as you can well understand.
Gulfstream Park's casino will be open from noon to midnight today.
On Thursday, it'll be only open from noon to 6 p.m.
So employees can prepare for an 8 p.m. invitationally gala and invitationally gala.
The casinos regular hours will be noon to midnight from Sunday through Thursday and 2 p.m. to 2 a.m. Friday's and Saturday.
What?
No one to midnight from Sunday through Thursday and 2 p.m. to 2 a.m. Friday and Saturdays.
Ask me when wood buying closes.
What time does the wood buying?
Never.
Never.
If you're in the mood to plunge 24-7, baby, every day of your life 24-7.
On Christmas, on Boxing Day, on Tishibov, on Siltkha Stora, on You Name It.
They're open.
They're ready to steal you to give you a good time.
Actually, the last couple of months have been doing pretty well, which don't dilute yourself thinking that anybody's going to do pretty well.
It's just a streak, you know what I'm saying?
You go through those lucky streaks for a little while and of course you lose your ass.
But never let's go there and have a good time, like they say at your OTB.
But with your head not over it.
Not a cute saying?
That we're head not over it.
In other words, what that translates to is bring us all your money and go home.
But don't mortgage the house because then you can all come home.
Bring us all your money, drop it off in a bag and just go, you know, so I'm curious.
Maybe we'll get somebody who will fax in some reports a later on.
We'll let him to the children.
Noon today, baby, slot machines.
Those one-armed bandits and I bet your fat ass governor's probably got wild diarrhea just thinking about it.
Oh, what do we do now? Oh my god.
And of course the people, the jackasses at the herald in the Sun sentinel, especially the herald.
850 votes and of course the lottery is a really good investment.
Man, you know, at least with the slots, I'll say this.
At least you get a little bit of entertainment, you know, you get a little bit of fun, some action, a little bit of a light show.
What's the fun with a lottery?
I mean, unless you win something which you're not going to.
What's the fun?
Well, you can scratch it.
Yeah, scratch this.
No.
859 votes.
Oh, there's Brady Quinn naked.
I'll try scratch in that.
Scratch and stuff.
Which religious group is the most malignant?
Born again Christians 419, Muslims 219.
Both sides have been closed.
See, all them Islamophashes that they're always talking about.
It's the born again Christian fascist.
Other ones we need to be very concerned about.
Scientologists 74.
I hate this pull 57 6.6%.
Too bad, probably the God Squad.
A bunch of Getskis.
Catholics only 47.
I guess they never was any Crusades or any 4.
I hate this pull 57 6.6%.
Too bad, probably the God Squad.
A bunch of Getskis.
Catholics only 47.
I guess they never was any Crusades or any Inquisition or any Child Must and Priest, things like that.
An Orthodox Jews only 43.
They're small potatoes because there's like so few of them, you know.
But I'll tell you one thing.
For a very small group like that, they sure can be real far-bicent.
The biggest name as a queen of satellites.
The biggest is neo-rogerists.
Forch-Renio 560.
You AM.
God, your breasts are beautiful.
Hey, mom and dad.
Give your kids the hottest action figure of the year.
Get Mojo and the torture team.
Go, Joe!
Push Get Mojo's back and hear him bark out orders.
Tell us where Osama is.
Where are the WMDs?
Connect the wire to Ockman's genitals.
That's right.
Get Mojo talks and he'll get the terrorists talking with cool accessories like the WaterBoards.
And the hand crank generator.
Go, Joe!
Collect all the members of Get Mojo's torture team, including Wendy the leash girl with life-life cigarettes.
Get naked and get on all fours.
And Get Mojo's faithful companion shops the attack dog.
Go, Joe!
So get your kids. Get Mojo today.
Get Mojo may be a violation of the Geneva Convention Parents' Supervisor Torture Sessions.
Better than uncluded.
Go, Joe! Yay!
I have a feeling there's a lot of people in this radio station who would like to get Mojo.
No, no, no, no.
10.30 do a Q&A.
Here's something we talked about weeks ago thanks to the inquirer.
Thanks to the fact that I'm on top of all this crap.
In a new TV interview in book, O.J. Simpson discusses how he would have committed the slangs of his ex-wife and her friend if I did it.
Hypothetically speaking, of course.
Of course.
The two-part TV interview titled O.J. Simpson, if I did it, here's how it happened.
Well, air November 27th and November 29th on Fox.
The TV network said yesterday on Fox, a good place for it.
The home of everything fake.
If I did it, my ass.
O.J. Simpson in his own words tells for the first time how he would have committed the murders if he were the one responsible for the crime.
Have you ever in your life heard of anything so ludicrous, so asinine, so idiotic, so just stupid?
Not lately.
The network said.
In the two-part event, Simpson describes how he would have carried out the murders.
He is vehemently not committing for over a decade.
You are so full of it, you miserable nasty murdering appreciative of you.
You phony baloney drug-doing knife wielding slimeball.
I would say that, what is that, SBag?
We can't say that.
We'll get joist if we say SBag.
We can say scum.
We can say we biz bag.
This is an interview that no one thought whatever happened at the definitive last chapter in the travel of the century.
Mike Darnell, executive vice president of alternative program for Fox in this statement,
the interview conducted with book publisher Judith Regan will air just days before Simpson's new book,
if I did, goes on sale November 30th.
Thought 30, man!
I wouldn't buy that if you paid me by the page to read it.
Even Miss Foley wouldn't touch a page of it.
The book hypothetically describes how the murders would have been committed than it were said.
Right.
The book is published by Regan Books and Imprint of Harper Collins publishers.
Simpson now lives in Kendall, of course, as we all know.
What a sad, sad situation that all this slime eventually like, you know, filters down the Hershey highway
and winds up just trickling its way down the Florida penis, all the way to South Florida.
Isn't that just amazing?
Mm-hmm.
Just like Andrew Kinnan and another murderer.
In fact, let's stick OJ's ass in at Houseboat and see if we can like a snuff his ass out.
What is it that they load, what the blonde, what is his head?
Simpson now lives in Kendall, was acquitted in the criminal drama.
We know that he was later found liable in 97 in the wrongful death lawsuit filed by the goldmins
who haven't got a dime from him, by the way.
Messages left with Simpson and as attorney Yale, Yentek Galanta were not returned last night.
So, I do like that.
So the book is coming out to 30th, which is, let's see, the tomorrow is 60.
Two weeks from tomorrow.
A week from tomorrow's Thanksgiving, and I won't be on either of George and Josh to cut the day off too.
See, one thing about Josh, he just says, I'm not going to be here that day.
I like that. I like the attitude.
Of course, you know, when you get to think slipping your ass paycheck, there will probably be a good reason for it, but nevertheless.
We learned that here.
What?
He learned that here from everybody else.
What?
I'm not going to be there that feels like it.
That's the way the QM sales will go.
Everyone on the air.
Sure.
In fact, I think I'm taking off a few days, just for the hell of it.
Not without pay, just a few days here and there, because I need a lot more time off.
So I can go find me a good machine, man.
Or maybe I can just go to South Bend and do the deep knee bends in South Bend.
See if I can find Brady Quinn.
Maybe he needs some companionship, you think?
Not.
See, isn't that the way we all are?
That's the way we all are.
Oh, well, somebody, whoever it is that we lust for, you know, they definitely need me.
They need you like they need a hole in the head.
As the finish say, they need you like a locking cup.
890 votes, 89 WLS.
Well, I bet you got some of those jingles there.
How come I don't have all those jingles that I should have?
I don't know.
Do I have your little chicken?
You better touch chicken.
I got this.
W-A-B-C!
I got that.
Yeah.
I have that too.
Have the same thing you got.
No, you don't.
You got WLS jingles.
They're on a cart somewhere.
I do.
Look for them.
Oh, sure.
I think, at least we used to have, unless somebody ran off of them.
Have a wonderful weekend under the U-I-O-T Miami.
W-I-O-D.
Oh, I hate that stage.
Shame on.
Now, who was that with that Don Jiranamo?
Who was the San-A?
Don and Mike Blow.
Oh, yeah, from the famous Don and Mike.
They much disappointed.
That was Don and Mike Don drew out of it.
890 votes on the pool.
We'll have that thousand easy and two shakes of a lambs tail.
Why do I keep saying that lately?
You know, when I started saying that, when we were talking about the shoe fly pie and Apple
Panned Outie and you found that grotesque.
And don't you dare play it again by Dining Shore.
Okay.
Shoe fly pie.
Naomi Campbell, Traveler, J.A.
We're 16th for P.
Please, the deal talk.
The best music, W.A.
Yes.
Oh, the best music.
The best music.
You know, WAMO, the Lasseter worked at WLS when they went to talk.
Yeah.
It's one thing about ABC, man.
I can't imagine why they went in the toilet.
You know, WABC, which was the, what are the great, of course, you know, music on A.M.
It was all done at that point.
They had to do something.
So they went right when it was on W.A.
W.A.
Chicago, which was one of the really classic, one of the great, great, great radio stations in
history of the radio business.
Also went to talk.
Eurocular and Lil Tommy.
Lightning has almost struck twice in Lake Forest.
I remember you reporting about the little poodle that weaved its way through the traffic
in Lake Forest, only to be splattered by a northwestern train.
Well, a similar incident happened about a week ago involving a squirrel.
My friend and I were on our way to get some lunch in Lake Forest last Saturday,
and we noticed a squirrel trying to weave its way across the traffic on Western Avenue.
We were in a car about 20 yards away from the squirrel, and it started to make its way across the street.
The squirrel was probably not as mobile as it could have been because its mouth was really stuffed with nuts from the park.
Oh, luckily though the squirrel scampered across traffic and my friend and I were relieved that he was safe.
Suddenly two girls who were on a bike ride appeared along the side of the street.
They were really flying when the confused squirrel jumped into their path.
The girl tried to avoid the squirrel, but he somehow hit the back tire of her bike and got caught up in the spoke.
Oh, damn.
Before a squirrel went around in the wheel several times before he got free and was flown on the grass.
To our surprise, the day's squirrel got to his feet and staggered away, apparently okay.
Oh, good.
The girl who was riding the bike was a little upset, but I'm sure not as much as the squirrel.
Luckily he didn't lose his life, but he might have lost his nut.
That's right.
There's a good message for all your kids out there, listening to life.
You can't run real fast when you got a mouthful of nuts.
Twenty-one before 11 at 5.60 W.D.2.
And we got mad dog at 2.00.
We got the dolphins.
Our plan is a Minnesota this week.
I have no idea.
Boy, you are so out of touch, man.
You probably don't even know who your buck and ears are going to lose to this week.
And I'm going to want to talk.
Who the hell of the Patriots playing this week?
I almost forgot who the hell they are.
Who are they playing?
Green Bay.
Is it?
Yeah.
Oh, good.
I think we can kick the crap out of them.
Let's see.
The dolphins are playing.
Oh, I don't have any idea who the dolphins are playing.
Oh, it's Minnesota, I believe.
Yes, Minnesota.
And of course, Minnesota.
The Patriots made mincemeat out of Minnesota.
So probably the dolphins are when that came to and then everybody's gone.
We love the dolphins.
They're going all the way.
You know, we do in the Super Bowl crap.
It's the same all the time.
People are keeping deluding themselves.
People who are fans of a franchise that's living in the distant past, you know.
I like the Toronto make believe.
Same thing.
Living in the distant past.
Back in the 60s, those four Stanley cups.
Way, way back then.
Olding remember, by old farts like me.
But nevertheless, hey, Lee, at least some franchises have a past, you know.
As opposed to some that don't have any past and don't have any present.
Even Josh's team won a Super Bowl once upon a time,
which nobody believed they would.
I picked him to win it.
And everybody said, oh, no, you're a crazy man.
No chance.
And they did.
Remember that?
Yeah, wouldn't that fought longer?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Go check what we're selling here.
I wonder if Tamp Brady and Danny Quinn both were Wonder Junior jokes,
And just like both of you guys, and I'm sure we without even asking, I mean, you know, is there any doubt that if Scarlett Johansson left her panties behind like the studio there that you both be having a hissy fit
Being a brawl to see who could get to him first. Well, it's a little too to return them to her of course. Yeah, right return my ass
Yeah, I'd like to anyway Andrew faxes and says watch with the internet sound quality today
I'm not complaining because you guys sound fantastic. All right. How do you like that? This is the second commentary
I also got an email from somebody saying boy, I can hear you I can hear you people just
smack out in glitz and
positive. Now much about Faggery and Brady Quinn naked. It's really clear queer and clean
Usually it sounds like you're talking through a toilet paper tube a toilet paper. She I am
Also, you should do a poll of what station was your best for me WIOD and WQM are very close
Thanks Neil Susandra and of course the obvious answer is eight or four, but that's beside the point. That was the best show
You don't think so?
I wasn't listening then I heard like two episodes of that show
So oh, well, and of course then you hated the bird like poison then you turned on them. So they you know, you can't be right right keep
Spinning I would say this is the best show. I was too much of a
Like I kind of we read the story about the other a pucy in those days. Yeah, I just took too much crap
Put up with too much garbage
I do know this it was a very different show because that was more of a morning zoo kind of thing
It was a morning zoo show
We had captain Dave in the bird and yours true all kinds of people and it was all over the place and there was music and everything
It was like that when I just played. You know, it's the great quality of those now
Little on the muddy side we apologize for that and then there's always
Right, we got that too
And anyway, this show used to be quite something else back in the day when we could really say something before they brought that bitch
Joyce in there and you know
So so to try to compare it's just it's pointless
Is net start comparing the moxiballs with the cum quads that you just can't do it right
It's a different situation. We can't do things we used to
924 votes over gonna have a close to a thousand by the top of this hour
That is a real show of power yesterday if you didn't listen yesterday boy
It was a record-breaking moment this day on our pool which that doesn't mean anything
We'd much rather have you read the bedtime stories you might learn something wouldn't we Josh? Oh, yeah
They're off to a good start today and that's because somebody got the stories up there
In fact, we already got 275 reads on the most red story and all of yesterday we had 286 on the a chaney story
That's bad
Monday and Tuesday this week off to a really weak start on the bedtime stories that makes us wonder what the hell is going on out there, you know
Remember that scene in network?
What the f is going on? How would be alert like whizzing in on the, yeah
And anyway
928 votes on the pool. Let's get that to a thousand months
We had over 1600 votes during the show yesterday
I believe the first time in the modern era maybe since alien days. I don't remember that far back. Do you?
No, I might go to the history page on air which Eric is very apologetic about but I appreciate it very much
Eric because if I'm really stuck for a poll like for today for example like this piece of crap
I mean this great poll we got on today. I just go back and way way back and say oh yeah, we haven't done that in about four years
And this audience they got like a they they're memory from one minute to the next they can't remember you know and I don't blame them
Speaking of the radio business and how it used to be and this was this and I you know you can't live in the past baby
Like the dolphins in the maple leaves and all these other sports team. You can't live in the past
What are you doing for us now?
And I would suggest the same for the Patriots too by the way can't live in the past
But that was a real stinko on Sunday. That was bad
And then then to have to hear that jackass that they kept on yeah
I know was only about a two-minute phone call seemed like about two hours that the Joey G or whatever's name was
You heard that I'm sure at the end of the show. Yeah that that setup call that fake call there
I was at a fake call sounded like it to me, but what do I know?
Now my see there you go again. What?
You are such a backstabber I can't believe it. What do you do backstabber back?
Pat you're a good buddy Kenny that you were talking about what a good guy
He is not much you like him and you're giving counseling and how they're going to destroy his show and ruin his life
Right
And the guarantee that I said all these roadblocks in a way to make sure that he fails which he will but nevertheless
And now you're ripping him like suggesting it was a setup call. It's what it sounded like to me
Well, it was just went on forever. He just kept saying the same thing over and over again
Although I'm glad that they found it was extremely funny
The auction for clear channel communications the largest US radio station chain was down to the wire last night
Is I'm going to keep my eye on this in fact? I better check with inside radio and outside radio and R and R and P and P and whatever
As one private equity group pulled out the race shortly before they could pull out of the race
Surely before the companies board meant to decide its fate
There's nothing worse but and pull it out just before the decisions made before the momentous moment
They pulled out
Investment firms providence equity partners blackstone group and cold bird harvest Roberts appeared to be the frontrunners
Just directly deal with clear channel and it's founding family the maze family
In a buyout worth at least 26 billion dollars including dead
But there was still a chance that a consortium composed of bane capillan Thomas H. Lee partners might emerge on top
According to people familiar with the matter
That group previously included Texas specific group, you know, actually this might be old news
They might have already come up with let's see. This is 440 this morning from MSNBC. They might have finalized a deal
I don't know you know
Hmm you think you think it's going to change anything obviously not
Texas Pacific declined to comment on the reasons for its withdrawal. They dropped out just ahead of Monday's deadline for bids
The buyers of clear channel expected to pay about 18 billion dollars or close to 36 bucks
You share for the company and agreed to take on a further 8 billion dollars in debt
The equity portion of the transaction could be worth as much as 5 billion dollars one of the largest ever people close to the talk said
To help finance the deal the buyers have arranged financing packages worth about 21 billion dollars from number of investment
They added speaking of a Brady Quinn's package
Since it was founded in the 1970s by Lowry maze the anxious chairman
Third channel is emerged as one of the most powerful forces and one of the most evil forces in US media industry history
Evil evil being the operative word evil
Destroyers of radio stations. They used to be great. Destroyers of careers lives
listeners live
Whatever it owns over 1200 radio stations which reach 110 million listeners each week which explains a lot about the mental state of americans
The maze family was still runs the company through mark maze the chief executive in Randall maze the chief financial officer
The cfo owns a 7% stake in the group and stands to reap a payout worth about a billion dollars in a buyout a billion dollars for these losers
How do you like that for these goam?
If we read this week and deal with cap and extraordinarily short period of public negotiations over the sale
Clear channel formerly launched the auction less than a month ago
There shares posed out 810 to a point 8% to 34 11 on yesterday
Point eight and that sound familiar that point eight
Nope, that's an exaggeration was a point nine not a point eight. All of it could be hidden in that direction
Especially if I have a lot more of that doosenhouse steam first let's get
Seth Greenberg his own show all of thanks other buddies on there come on how about the bino show
How about you the josegakey show that worked out real well
Remember when they used to do mid-days was the chris moron and josegakey
And I don't think the book is Chris or I don't remember who else was on there with oh my god
I think josegakey was on some days
Okay, okay, and anyway they sure had some numbers back in those days micro scopic teeny weeny
1055 at 560 wqm mad dog at two the power hour between four and five we got no game
We got the panthers in the Canadians tomorrow night
Right there in sunrise there's a lot of frogs will be there at the game
I just warned you that ahead of time if you have an aversion to french Canadians like I do
You probably want to stay home and watch that on tv
Although I shouldn't say that you really need to be there because boy that
Seriously, they announced 12,000 for the capital game money that which they lost four to one and
If there were five six thousand people there that was a lot
I watched quite a bit of that on tv and it was like you could have picked your own section in the arena and gone boiling in there, you know
And you know what Wayne said he said I'm not gonna play in that thing because I don't want to I don't want you guys to save one thing remember that
Yeah, remember that whole long bitchy all these bitchy billionaires
I'm gonna tell you something right now and you can mark it
Broward conny would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility. I will not play here right
Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying here's a guy that said one thing
I went out and did something I don't want to look at you for the next 10 minutes
Okay, you make me want to gag and puked my guns out way and how's that you puck marked bowling
He's a human cue ball is what he is
A lot of money
That's a good poll we ought to take what very wealthy individual you hate like poison the most
Look at all the people on their good idea. So get George Steinbrenner and Donald chump. Oh, man. Oh, he gives me the willies
Speaking of the maze family
This is the Neil Roger show
This is your brain
Any questions
Goodbye at Bradley will miss you badly you died along the line of journalists to our dying breed
Even though you couldn't dance or see him
You knew how to report and speak
Unlike the new news bimbo's that's not to mention Katie correct who would know the news if you cram the news up
You
First up with bottle head moves whose idea of the news is nonsense
But then you
You see who means not every TV viewer is as dumb as you
The CBS
Leveled on one at five sixty w.w.w. I'm happy Wednesday to November 15 all been what's the significance of that?
I don't think there is any is there like some special day today a week from nor as Thanksgiving
And I'm thankful already for not having November 15 all been what's the significance of that?
I don't think there is any is there like some special day today
A week from nor as Thanksgiving
And I'm thankful already for not having to work that day. Oh, that's good news. Yeah, it is here's bad news
Three US soldiers and three West Marines were killed during combat in a rack the military said today
One soldier assigned to the first brigade first armored division of these butchers these murderers
Oh, by the way, thanks to green van day for that nice book. They sent law
Then I love and conspiracy book whatever it holds called it's a I'm already read parts of it fascinating
Good. Did you see it? Did you get a copy of it? I didn't know I didn't care about you. No, I beg your pardon
I said, you know, I did not unwrap your Christmas presents the way they do with any other package shows up
Mississippi's Trent lot is one the number two positions EOP Senate leadership this morning
That's the old pom pom wave and cheerleader mistrunt lot
MSNBC reports a lot one by only one vote over Senator at Tennessee Center Lamar Alexander
Tonight a confident rely on Wednesday night
That's interesting because that's tonight
I think they mean on Tuesday night a confident lot told CNN had enough votes to win last night. Oh these people are so silly
That's who wrote this. I don't know. It's raw story
It's like hurting cats, you know a lot said like hurting cats. I didn't know they heard it cats. Did you?
Well, if you step on them it hurts them in 2002 law was you put them in a microwave on high cook for about five minutes
In 2002, a lot was forced to resign from his minority leader position after remarks he made it
The late senator strom thermon's hundredth birthday party
I want to say this about my state when strom thermon ran for president
We voted for him lots in December 2002 and we're proud of it
And if the rest of the country had followed our lead we wouldn't have had all these problems all over the years
They either lot said
Meaning course with the dark folks
racist pig
Thermon ran for president as a dixie cratin 40 there's a strong supporter of racial segregation a real Yahoo red neck
Strom thermon I want to tell you ladies and gentlemen that there's not enough troops in the army to force the southern people to break down segregation and admit the
Negra race into our theaters into our swimming pools into our homes into our churches
Thurman said in one speech in 1948 the Negra race in IGRA
With several teeth missing of course
What's your creb all these crackers man like they're fooling somebody
And like something really has changed in the south absolutely not
absolutely not
Probably they just had the lynchings after dark now you know when nobody can see him
A woman who claims she was kicked off an airplane because she was breastfeeding her baby
Well, there's sure a lot of hanky spanky going on the planes remember the story
I yesterday about that couple that wouldn't stop
We do whatever they were doing on the plane right except breastfeeding is uh, you know
Is wholesome and nobody has the right to interfere with the problem as her son was 22 that she was always a
joke is just a very bad you know what she looked like
I don't know if she's 27
She looks like Scarlett Johansson
I will say this I want to clarify I don't want to get carried away because some of the pictures
You don't really look all that good faithfully Brady Quinn
I don't really know what he looks like because I never see him up close and personal so I'll
I'll revise the comments. I made before the last break and I will say I would sniff his jock strap
But only in halftime not after the whole whole game was played
Okay, you know what I'm saying?
In other words at halftime. I mean how sweaty obviously you know what I'm saying by the end of the game pretty sweaty pretty gamey by the all four quarters
In fact, I pay him four quarters just for a little especially because it's a good gamey a woman who claims
She was kicked off an airplane because she was breastfeeding her baby is filed a complaint against two airlines
Her attorney said
Emily Gillette
I wonder if she looks sharp and feel sharp and I wonder if she shaves would you let
Emily Gillette 27 of Santa Fe, New Mexico
filed the complaint with the Vermont Human Rights Commission late last week against Delta Airlines and Freedom Airlines said of attorney Elizabeth
Bopal
Freedom was operating the Delta flight between Burlington and New York City freedom airlines
Sounds like a puddle jumper to me and I'm sure it is Gillette said she was discreetly breastfeeding her 22 month old daughter October 13
discreetly you know
As their flight prepared to leave Burlington International Airport she said she was seated by the window in the next last row
Her husband was seated between her and the aisle and no part of her breast was showing
A flight attendant tried to hand her a blanket in order to cover up to let said she declined telling the flight attendant
She had to leave her right to breastfeed her baby on other one. He's militant bitches
militant
Does have the legal right no sense of decency just whip an ad booby right out she was standing in the aisle with both of them out
Feed like squirting the milk into the baby's mouth from a distance. She has the legal right to do that
Moments later a Delta ticket agent approached and sent the flight attendant and asked that the family be removed from the flight
Gillette said she said she didn't want to make a scene and complied
It embarrassed me that was my first reaction, which is a weird reaction for doing something so good for a child Gillette said
A freedom spokesman said Gillette was asked to leave the flight after she declined the blanket
A breastfeeding mother is perfectly acceptable on an aircraft for riding. She's feeding the child in a discrete way
That doesn't bother others had Paul Skellen spokesman spokesman for the feeding spakes to freedom airline
She was asked to use a blanket just to provide a little more discretion
She was given a blanket and she we've used to use it. That's all I know he be saying
A complaint against two airlines was filed with the Vermont Human Rights Commission
All the executive director Robert Apple said he was barbed by state law from confirming the complaint
He sent state law allows a mother to breastfeed in public
public
The Vermont Human Rights Commission investigates complaints and determines whether discrimination may have occurred
The parties to a complaint are given six months to reach a settlement
If none has reached the commission then decides whether to go to court a complaint can file a separate suit and stay court
Just say you know much you do about nothing
This is you know, this should be your worst problem. Okay, both the people at the airlines and this bitch
should be your worst problem
Just put the booby under the blanket and be a little discreet and stop stopping a flash around an airplane
You silly ass bitch or how about everybody else mine their own business. Yeah, that's right everybody else looks straight forward straight ahead
Well, she was talking to me. I think the boob has never hurt any of you. Maybe she was hot and she had like extraordinary
Supple boobies doesn't matter. Oh, there's Hank is on a CNN
Want to get directly over to her. She's all done. I hear
956 votes that's Barbara star and of course George keeps making these grotesque comments just because Hank weighs 800 pounds now
Did you talk to him? Do you have a heart to hearted with him? I'm just like the one you had with Kenny Walker about how they're trying to destroy the
Morning show by putting all these segments in there with Iroh a windbag and whatever what I threw Rosenstein houses
Burge or whatever I got my own problems stand Burge steam
Robert Whitestone rights. I like this. This is my kind of calm. Just like the one I had yesterday. That was a good column
About the religious about the gaskies
Robert Whitestone lives in Middleton, Wisconsin as the essays regularly appear in the capital times
Madison, Wisconsin and he's been published in free thought today and the yadiotic is in the smirking chimp
because the bible tells me so is the
Title on that article
I'm an American atheist he writes. I believe in the Constitution and the Bill of Rights
I did not believe in gods are in revealed texts
My belief in the tools of democracy is relevant on the public square. My disbelief in gods is not
On November 7th the Family Research Institute of Wisconsin whose mission is to forward Judeo-Christian principles and traditional values in Wisconsin
want a victory for their organizations and treportation of the bible with the passing of the amendment to ban gay marriages and civil unions
According to a September 23rd Milwaukee journal sent an article by Bill Glauber
The FRI claimed that the amendment had the support of 5,000 churches and two million congregants
While fair was constant the group leading the fight against the amendment claimed that the resolutions opposing the amendments have been passed by
Organizations representing a half a million congregants
On October 19th a former's held a Madison to debate the states
November 7th advisory referendum on establishing the death penalty for first-degree murder cases back by DNA evidence
The Reverend Mike Mayhack of faith Baptist Church quoted Genesis and Romans in support of the death penalty
Bishop Roberto Morlino of the diocese of Madison relied on the Pope's interpretation of the bible to oppose the death penalty
While acknowledging that there were people of different faiths on either side of these issues
I can only assume there was a preponderance of Christians
So to them I ask are you guys reading the same bible and if you are
Where's the ultimate authority of such diametrically opposed opinions can be butthrist by the same text
This is not a rational debate. It's a Bible quoting arms race each side
Cherry picking its way through a religious document that was arbitrarily cobbled together over several centuries from many different writers and diverse
Cultural menus whoever ends up with the most fruit expects to win the day
The trouble is many of the cherries in the Bible are just plain rotten
In the early 19th century abolitionist held a high moral ground by any objective
Rational nonbiblical backward glance however southern slave owners and the representatives in Congress
one of the theological argument hands down
As Reverend Richard Fuller said in 1845 what God sanctioned in the Old Testament and permitted the new cannot be a sin
Slavery as we now know was a sin in a national disgrace even if the Bible didn't tell us so
But if we learned anything in the intervening 160 years about scripture and policy
From our house majority leader Dick army one said the Bible is very clear on homosexuality
I abide by the instructions that have given me in the Bible
One can only speculate if armies understanding a scripture was informed by the Reverend Ted Hagrid's weekly televised pulpit pontifications
Well, it'll take our country another 160 years to know that discriminating against the group of people because of their sexual orientation
Is a sin and a national disgrace regardless of what the Bible tells us
My point is that the Bible or any religious text has no authority on the public square in a secular society
Who's guiding authority rests in the Constitution and Bill of Rights our democracy is based on a rational defense of the civil rights
Civil liberties and economic welfare of its citizens
Not on the ambiguous and often cognitive three
Approbations and proscriptions of religious text democracy cannot serve two masters
This is not to say that an individual's political stance cannot be informed by his or her religious belief
It will be absurd to claim otherwise, but as a political argument
Religious beliefs should go no further than the church door or your own pocket on the public square because the Bible tells me so just doesn't cut it or it shouldn't
On a recent book signing to in Milwaukee Jim Wallace author of God politics
Why the right gets it wrong and the left doesn't get it net would local courage you advocate for the poor
Wallace maintained that his goal of eliminating poverty is based on some
2000 Bible versus stressing the importance of ministering to the poor
But should anyone need to consult the Bible to be assured of a moral or ethical imperative to help those who are mirrored in poverty
Is there enough evidence available to anyone whose gaze is unblinkered by ideology or religious belief?
Keep in mind Jesus did say that the poor would always be among us wasn't he telling us to chill on the poverty thing
Who's telling us just to take a pill and take a chill and then we say oh Jesus a chill pill when I was Birken's the Birken stock
963 votes this hour will go over a thousand on the poll and then we can like take a nice nap a dirt nap
Some kind of a nice long nap wouldn't it be good? Okay, Josh by the way now
I did watch American dad last night, which I thought was a cute was good. I
voted I give it a nine
It's good show, but that one was particularly good. Yeah, it was a gay that one of course
That's why George sent it to me because he's you know sucking up and fake that was good
But anyway, and Josh did not watch match point. No, but he doesn't know how it ends now
He doesn't know how it ends. No not all of it. No. Oh, well, that's not important. Okay. That part of it is not I mean, you know
If you couldn't figure that out along the way, I must be pretty slow
And he should know because we discussed it off the air but Brian Cox that we have discussed on the air Josh and I is
Is in there our favorite character actors
one of
And Brian Cox wasn't he in the Magnolia? He might have been he's in everything wasn't he the cop? I don't know
Out to check or did he once played for the dolphins Brian Cox. Oh, yeah that one
Yeah, that one of course somewhere here. I don't think there's any of it that I can play
It's all bleeped is it bleep sure Brian are you happy? I hate WLD again. Yeah, that's all I'm playing that I don't I don't I remember very well
I don't like the bleep in there was one of your one of your early bleeps where you know the vowels are in there
But the bleep is a precision precision my ass. Yeah, but
68 votes on our poll today about which really over religion is the most malignant of course they're all malignant
It's just a matter of degree. How about the Quakers they aren't really two malignant are they?
Although keeping my Nixon was a Quaker in the
60s
Yeah
It's not too late
You can back out of this cruise wedding
You're not too old to start again
Hey little Katie Scientologist
Hey little Katie your parents are pissed
Hey little Katie it's not too late to run don't be afraid of Maverick from top of hey little Katie
It's not too late to
You can back out of this
cruise wedding
19 boy 41 minutes away from noon when the face of gambling is gonna change you can go online and there's a like a virtual tour video
Of Gulfstream Park in the new the whole plant the track in a casino
Don't tell me that's all they're gonna show the casino
They had double diamond lucky strike whatever the hell a lucky strike means fine tobacco LSMFT
Yeah, call for Philip Morris
And I'd walk a mile for a camel. Let's play some cigarette spots just to piss off the government. Oh better not
Oh looks so pretty nice. Okay, whatever the hell I just saw on air wasn't very a detailed and I didn't see no
I didn't see no wheel of fortune
If you don't have any wheel of fortune you can count me out remember that song count me in by Gary Lewis and the playboys and please don't play it
Okay, but that on Liberty Records, but nevertheless count me out
Yeah, I remember
You know you get hooked on whatever game. I'm sure that because I see the same faces all the time playing squeal of fortune, you know
And I'm sure that there are people play like the lucky sevens and double diamond
Hey, why are all this other stuff, you know and the interesting thing about slots which probably most people don't think about and I'm sure
Either neither one of you ever have thought because you're not like suckers like I am and that is that all the
numbers and
Symbols that they have on the wheel they might as well be blank
You know what I mean
That's a very good point right the computer is spitting out a guitar on my each spin right and it does make a difference if they're actually our symbols on the
The show you what you're getting or if they were just blank and it showed you hey this time you got 200 bucks
You know that's a good point. It's just an illusion a point of reference or something
It's an illusion very good. It's an illusion like an illusion of when oh here
We got another a little warning for you as another public service of your close friends at QA
I'm gonna want to get your ass in a ringer and this you know there's one thing I will say though before I read this
If there's one thing I cannot stand it's a cheap drunk
It's a loud obnoxious drunk. There's a guy. I don't want to go in and we would have been a lot of money for drinking and they're drunk
Cannot stand a
No, I won't say cheap sloppy drunk
Loud sloppy obnoxious
Anyway getting back to this
The why saturation like Josh for example. He's probably a sloppy drunk
Are you? I can be now he's all right. I'm fine. No, I know. I mean he's all right. How do you know you got drinking with him?
Uh, I think I might have
The Broward Sheriff's Office DUI task force will come up if you've gone anywhere with him
You've gone out drinking with him because he's got you know, he's got like a bottle in his pocket in his sock
It's got a flask taped to his inner thigh
His ass
The BSO DUI task force will be conducting saturation patrols this Saturday, November 18 from approximately 8 30 in the PM till five in the morning on
Let's see areas of north lauderdale open park and unincorporated central Broward County
Imperial drivers will be identified and DUI laws will be actively enforced
This information published in compliance with a Supreme Court ruling mandating prayer announcement is selective enforcement activities
That's this Saturday night from 8 30 and then till five in the a.m. Sunday morning
North Lauderdale open park unincorporated central Broward
Imperial drivers will be identified in DUI law they'll come and take your ass away and the rest of you too
That's right. They've been doing it like every week. We're almost to a thousand now by the bottom of the air
We'll have a thousand and then everybody will say now it can be easy to get off our back
Environmental advocates sued the Bush administration yesterday for ignoring a 2004
Congressional deadline to report to lawmakers in the public. I'm the latest research on global warming
You go everybody sue their ass
Especially the families of all these dead people that are dying over there for no reason based on a pack of lies
It's just it
There's no point getting excited about it. I can't even speak don't even well. What's the point there is it? It's so obvious, you know
A 1990 federal law requires the government to produce a scientific report to be four years on climate change
And it's effects on the environment including land water air plant an animal life and human health
The Clinton administration issued the first report on October 2000 warning a severe effects on different regions
But the Bush administration hasn't filed any report and is indicated it won't do so
Environmentalists said the suit filed in federal court and San Francisco. It's like all the other laws
You know, they just uh Bush makes it up as he goes along. Oh, that doesn't apply to us
right
Instead the administration's climate change science program says it'll issue 21 many reports on various aspects of the overall topic
The first report on temperature trends in the low-ratmosphere was released in May
Others will be issued periodically through 2008 a spokesman said. Oh speaking of spokesman
I think the uh, I think I thought putty cat is gonna get fired in Ottawa there Brian Murray wouldn't that be bad
Let's get some of the no Bm buttons going again for the senator fans both of them
The spokesman
At least he's consistent wherever he goes. He's a loser
The Bush administration is failed to comply with the law said attorney Julie Teal of the Center for biological diversity
Which is a plaintiff in the lawsuit? I think the administration's afraid to release this information because it makes climate change real for people
I thought I thought putty cat
She said the may report on low-ratmosphere temperatures is a technical document
That will be hard for the average citizen to remember Congress to understand a 14 paid summer the report on the agency's website
Climate science.gov contains findings about temperature variations at different atmospheric levels
But doesn't discuss how those variations affect the environment. In other words, they don't really say a damn thing
The suit asked us district judge
Sandra Brown Armstrong has said a new deadline for a comprehensive government report on global warming research
I wonder Sandra Brown Armstrong is kin to George the chief Armstrong of those great 60 leaf teams the captain number 10
And anyway, so there you go once again, you know, they just uh, it's all about big business and tax cuts for big business and all this other crap
And then they don't worry about it because they're gonna be dead anyway
990 three votes on the pool any second now. We're gonna go to that thousand mark and then you'll hear like a big
Like that just like when a slot machine pays you off at the Gulf Stream this afternoon
You guys were only 35 minutes away from changing the face of gambling in South Florida in the state of Florida
It's gonna bring them off. Yeah
All those hysterical editorials man in the newspapers like everybody's gonna lose their lunch money
And everybody's gonna go broke and the old fart's are gonna gamble away their social security my wall. You out too bad only the ones that deserve to
That's correct only the ones stupid enough to do it take whatever money you can afford to lose and assume you're gonna lose it
Do never ever go play the song assuming you're gonna win assume you're gonna lose whatever you got in your pocket and whatever credit cards you bring although they're not letting you have ATMs
Uh, how is that possible?
I mean, I'm sure they'll find a way to get any money out for they'll find a way
Way to what oh, that's right you go out to the park night you get in your car and you go go down the street and you find
You know the public's a whatever with an ATM and they come flying paddy running running back in say did you save my machine?
Mind did you save my good machine? He said no, I just won three grand on faster
He's a very handsome young man who can't see that hey Jim here's the budget report
What I like you the oh I can be Jim what's wrong with you Jim
Suffers from Borat's disease. It strikes those who have seen the Borat movie and results in the uncontrollable urge to speak like Borat Jim
Knock it off. We have a meeting with Elaine. She's from the dude. No, she's the regional manager
No one is immune Borat's disease can strike anyone at any time
Unfortunately, there is no cure for Borat's disease, but thankfully symptoms will dissipate over time
Exit time stop it
Please keep generously to the Borat's disease foundation together. We can find a cure
Sorry
I'm a thirty one me too a little bit of Kakostan
But there you go talking about Sam Major again just like the other day thousand twelve oats on the pole
You enchefe cook up a coffee and and demanded that world leaders give climate change the same priority
As they did the wars and decirbing the spread of weapons of mass destruction he demanded
I then made the appeal as he launched a three day get talk about a paper tiger man unbelievable
And it made the appeal as he launched a three day gathering of environmental chiefs tasked with stepping up action against
Global warming in his valedict
unbelievable
And it made the appeal as he launched a three day gathering of environmental chiefs tasked with stepping up action against
In his valedictory speech to the annual you know, I'm thinking an algorithm. I think the dark horse in 2008
Okay, you don't think well he won once already he could do it again. That's right
In his overall soda junk
Climate change in peril's agriculture through drought and coastal cities through rising sea levels
poses a health threat by spreading mosquito-borne disease and could lead to billion dollar weather calamities said on an cup of coffee
Climate change is also a threat to peace and security. He warned changing better
Patterns of rainfall for example tonight in competition for resources setting in motion potentially
These these stats destabilizing tensions and migration especially in fragile states or volatile regions
The reason I hesitated destabilizing a spell with an S like British. What is
Ministers of their standards at the 180 United Nations meeting of the wind framework convention our climate change
UN FCC see
What our under pressure to spell out by Friday their commitments for deepening cuts and greenhouse gas emissions
That's what Joyce wants us to do on the show
Is that part of the deal that we got to do?
Yes
Is cut down on greenhouse and other gas emissions
The spotlight is being placed on Brazil China and India big population developing countries whose carbon pollution has surged in line with their economic growth
The European Union hopes these countries will signal they will join rich nations and making
binding curbs in their emissions when negotiations start next year to reshape the UN FCC's
CCT Kyoto a protocol after it aspires in
2012 the US meanwhile which walked away from Kyoto in 2001
Is being scrutinized again with an S for any gesture toward the pact in light of the last week's US elections
It was the Democrats arrested controller congress away from Bush's neocons
From the fascists the US by itself accounts for a quarter of the world's greenhouse gas output
Oh boy, not a gas although if position is number one polluter could soon be overtaken by China a major burner of coil that I say China
Greenhouse gases trap the sun's heat instead of letting it radiate out into space
That's not fuck if you keep the gas inside your body and don't let it out
If you trap it inside man, you're gonna explode one of these days. That's why you got to like let it out
As a result earth atmospheric temperature is rising in lay scientists are convinced this is already starting to affect the climate
And speaking of that
What a segue. Oh there's that anxious John Warner from Virginia
nice hair John big
Late-haired goofball old turd a
Small centimeter
16 in tsunami hit northern Japan after an 8.1 magnitude earthquake shook the Russian-owned Coral Islands on more Wednesday today
Acquited Japan's meteorological agency see how this ties right in there. Mm-hmm. It's a small tsunami mommy
Residents along Japan's Pacific coast were told to flee these tsunami after the quake the warning was issued for eastern
Hokkaido, Japan's northernmost island and the west national uh, NOAA said remember know-out with or without the arc
Old drunk. No, it was an old drunk. Yes, he was and I'm sure glad that he got those dinosaurs fitted out of the arc
Huh, no, maybe maybe they couldn't fit on the earth. That's why we don't have no more dinosaur
We got Barney, but that's all we got left
An earthquake of this size has the potential to generate a destructive tsunami that can strike coastlines in the region near the
Emphacenter within minutes to hours the NOAA said the national oceanic and atmospheric administration NOAA
Another bubble icy another silly fairy tale
Japan's primary broadcasting source NHK said Japanese officials had expected waves of up to six and a half feet in the
Less populated area of the island chain while the coast of Japan may get a wave of up to one meter
Three three three feet plus
About 30,000 people
Living in the cruel islands, which is about 1100 kilometers or 660 miles north of mainland Japan
And it's got a bunch of Japanese names on it. Do you think I'm going to read him? No, come on. Give it a shot
No chance tsunami waves generated by earthquakes are often barely noticeable in the ocean
And then all of a sudden before we know it just like that horrible one we had the oh boy
But you know what I'm gonna note tsunami mommy
Bad news. That's when God gets really pissed off
You know of course a lot of innocent people die because God's got bad in he's always got bad in
So it's not a good idea to mess with Lord because when he gets pissed off look out man my my my look out now
Because God only knows who's gonna be in the yeah in the way
1024 votes on a poll today
It's another one of our extraordinarily scientific and anti-religion polls. I think we ought to take an anti-religion poll every day
Like I got a good one. What do you think of a religious fanatic? And then the end the only answer to the poll would be
Huffman Dread okay
In other words, he uh she'd only go to hell you get to put the per uh meaning of parentheses no translation only for Jews
Which religious group is the it's the hey listen
We got to have something man besides just the monsuballs and although even glam love monsuballs
You know who loves to eat and deli's I told you this once before and didn't believe me. That's true though
And and that's because you don't have it's not a similar kind of thing in South Florida
But like in Detroit black folks love the deli food. Why wouldn't why wouldn't that
That lose finder delicatessen and detroit which ain't there anymore remember I recommended that to dick pertinent
He went there and he said it was horrible
Hmm, that's maybe why don't hear from him no more but at any rate
We don't hear from dick
Which religious group is the most malignant
1024 of you heathens voted we got a heathen audience out there and thank god for that is what I said
1026
Born again Christians 495 almost half 48.2 presents say you born again Christians are the most malignant the most dangerous
The most evil doers on the face of the planet much more than the Muslims who have about 294 only 26% say not even close
Those islamo fascist as the much moisture calls them
I wish somebody would explain them what that's supposed to mean
I think he knows the fascist part he looks in the mirror when he shaves
Scientologists 87 it's just a big closet you ferry
I hate this pool 78 7.6% Catholics 52 they're moving up a little bit and orthodox dues
Chinquanta only 50
What is it in Spanish? 50 see oh
And it's a diano chincuanta chincuanta barana oh there we go with that caguio never saw him again. Thank god. Oh
Take your ethnic phoniness and just get lost already. Would you please?
So you speak a few words of time. Yeah, good go to anapoli with a schleppers and get out of my face. You silly person you
Chinquanta barana. Hey, maybe that's what you'll win at the Gulf Stream 30 20 woman. It's oh man
I feel a seismic shift like that tsunami that's going on in Japan
I feel like something that in noon if you were to believe the herald and then of course all those anti gambling people who turns out
Our bunch of immigrants who got their own finger we didn't want their own you know they wanted all for themselves
Oh look at this lipitor spot. They got the have you seen this they got a mannequin. They're looks like they got from pin
no
Oh there it is. You heard from Leon. Oh, that's a jarvik jarvik jarvis the artificial hot guy
Oh, is it well? He's on their hawk and lipitor
Panning. Yeah, he wants one of those statin drugs got red one of those statin drugs that all the doctors are pedaling because your cholesterol is too high
Well, I got news for okay. I'm not I'm not gonna say a thing you do whatever you want okay?
I got I got a whole bunch of practical cost me four hundred bucks in the other room
I do think I'm taking any you think I've taken even one
No, no, and I won't I will not I won't touch him. I won't I wouldn't take him with your mouth
Okay, which religious group is the most Millignavon?
Christians 496 Muslims 264 Scientologists 87 I hate this poll 70 Catholics 50. I just got through reading this
Why are you letting me do this again?
The biggest names of the sort of guys like numerous from Roger's
I think five sixty
I'm here for the transgendered log cabin Republicans are flutter. I'd like to congratulate Charlie Christ on being our first gay governor
What do you mean not gay? He's not because he says he's not
Come on with that haircut in the camp tan you you know that guy owns a pair of no-ass chap
Because we dress this way doesn't give us license to judge other yeah, you're right
High-sino business. High-sino business. You're correct. That's right
High-sino business even if you have to lie about it and by the way you
You're looking lovely
Yeah, it's very
Very nice. Yeah, make sure look more like a woman. Yes, mommy more like a woman most be the lotion
So about Charlie Christ. Hey, there's that admirer. I was telling you about oh that guy
Get this he drives a car
Yeah, he wants to meet us in the park in line. That could mean up with the ten or twenty dollars. Yeah, let's go
Which one is it's the brown eighty three-carola with a crack windshield? Okay
You're waiting. That's my mouth looks pretty looks fine. What do you say we kick up our heels and get on our knees? Okay
This method was paid for by panties full of nut flavor that million there's money can buy
14 till noon at five sixty w.w.m. In 14 minutes man
Life is gonna change in the state of Florida like you wouldn't believe you know
I got to tell you I wonder if casino Stan is gonna be their old Stanworthheimer. Thanks. Oh, I imagine
Slipper like him. He'll be there he'll be there with bells on ribbons in his hair
I never really believed all these years 30 long
Appreciating years plus 30 and a half now getting closer to 31 years
What are we gonna do for my 31st anniversary next March one? Uh, I know what I plan to do
Stay alive right? So I'm gonna try to do a card or something and eat
No, don't be sending me anymore crap. Well, you're playing on them to send you an e-card. Let's see them charge customs on that
After months of anticipation Las Vegas, this is what the hero this is the heralds take at the beginning of the show
I would do the Sun sent those take I would have thought the hero would go would probably put something on the front page
Like a big banner that said
Like that
But they didn't
After months of anticipation it says Las Vegas, they'll slot machines will start spinning in Broward County today
Oh my god
Patrons at the New Gulf steam park racing in casino will have a chance to try their luck at the one-arm bandit's when the casino doors open at noon today at
901 South Federal Highway in Halendale Beach
This is the combination of your great effort from many many people Gulf steam park president Paul McCoach
You said and prepared statement. I'm very proud to be involved with some dedicated
Entireless people and by the way Paul you might you might want to know it
I'm sure that some of the other people in town are aware of it that it was Neil Rogers on the year
Ranting and raving and encouraging people to go out and vote for this in Broward which got helped to get this thing passed in the first place
So if you want to send you know several stacks of money up here in unmarked bills hundreds of course would be nice
That would be great Canadian currency, please. Oh no like I said US currency, please
The casino would go up to you and be open from noon to midnight today with some forecasting available beginning at 6 p.m
You know all that money we get out of the table
How we wish you know all these years never got offered any graft
That's a sad part
We got a 152 votes on like that pasta that dream fields pasta. You know that allegedly that guy remember that call
What about it guy thinking I'm scaming or something?
Oh yeah, you're under here roll you're under take right yeah take it is cutting you in take a big fat one
US Airways launches take over bid for Delta. Oh my goodness
US Airways group said today. It's made an eight billion dollar cash in stock with for Delta airlines
A deal that they wouldn't create one of the world's largest carriers
The move came despite Delta's repeated statements. It's not interest in the merger. We don't want
We don't want
The offer to buy Delta once the Atlanta based airline emerges from bankruptcy protection by the middle of next year
Would give Delta's unsecured creditors for billion dollars in cash and 78 and a half million shares of US Airways stock
As it stands now Delta's common shares are like for them a worthless one in X its bankruptcy
In most bankruptcy cases that that holder is usually in up with new shares of the company
Doug Parker chief executive of Tempe Arizona based US skier air said in a telephone interview that he's aware of the
Comments made by Delas management in recent months
But he believes that's a fair offer and that ultimately delas creditors will see that
That's what the got US skier air said
Delta's in bankruptcy and bankruptcy is a very open process parker said the process is designed so the creditors get the highest possible
Value for their clients given that process what we've done is gone public with them. I'll turn it into a standalone plan
They open the doors for the first machine. Maybe the first real slot machine in Florida. It's gonna go just like that
jackpot
But she said Delta has consistently said that it plans to emerge from bankruptcy as an independent airline and a partnership in a fair tree
And I don't fight any of those anyway under a penalty of death. I just don't yeah
You don't fly because you can't afford to fly plus where we go anyway away
Yeah, that's a good idea like Vancouver sounds good sure it does sounds great somewhere in BC up there working like you know
Get out in the nature and walk a big fat one in a newspaper should have my morning newspaper
Mori dads got a calm today. I'm sure it's got a lot of words in I can't pronounce because the headlines is pouring shardin A diplomacy
I mean shardin A I can and maybe a little bit of cheese too, you know
You can't have a wine tasting without cheese just as Henry oh
Viral
Mori dads says the foreign affairs fur is flying
I'm not talking about the cat fight between two strong willed
Expensively dressed democratic politicians married to California gazillionaires would speak a reluctancy Pelosi tried to yank Jane
Harmon from heading the House Intelligence Committee. I'm talking about the cat fight between the idealists and the realists
After an election that spurned ideology in the traffic return of the Bush 41 pragmatist James Baker and Robert Gates
The self-proclaimed idealists are reduced to hissing from the sidelines
They're hissing
The Vulcan's and Neocons had grandiose plans to restore trumpets morality and spine to foreign policy to establish America's a hyper power
Where they do need to export democracy by forcing on its own if necessary
But now the grandiose experiment of Iraq is in a sulfurious shambles. See I told you
The grandiose experiment of Iraq is in a sulfurous shambles and the real policy crowd is back cleaning up
In the Wall Street Journal Michael Rubin of the American Enterprise Institute railed against the evils of
Shardonnay diplomacy
Recalling that in 1983 Donald Rumsfeld President Reagan's middle east envoy met with Sodom Hussein and Baghdad
Hoping to restore relations out of a concern over growing Iranian influence
He didn't bother to mention Sodom's use of chemical weapons
Mr. Gates was the CIA's deputy director for intelligence at the time of mr
Rumsfeld infamous handshake deputy director of central intelligence when Sodom
Gashed the Kurds and deputy national security adviser when Sodom crushed the shiaid uprising mr
Rubin wrote mr
Baker was as central
Rami he said worked to right past wrongs by contrast and Eocons fear mr
Gates and mr. Baker are back winking at dictators already they're talking about
Causing up to the evil leaders of Iran and Syria and perhaps dreaming of more concessions to the Palestinians
Israel and its supporters among christian evangelicals are having conceptions
The idealist to love Ronald Reagan's evocation of Thomas pain we haven't our power to begin the world over again
I write that Americans yearn for a moral foreign policy
It was sickening in 1989 to see Brent Scorcroft another realist back in fashion offering a cozy
Supper to the Chinese leaders only six months after tenement square and getting poppy to lecture your craniums
Not to break the air and grip of Moscow
It was sickening after Bush Perry so see father Bush sold a Persian Gulf war as a moral mission to see the 41 team
Decided to end not to intervene to stop satan from slaughtering thousands of innocent shiaids and curbs who rose up as the president
asked it was sickening when the first Bush administration decided to do nothing about the
Genocide will serve me and war on Bosnia 92 as secretariat state Baker
Frust really explained we don't have a dog in that fight
Justifying the administration's tough stance toward Israel develop and hammered another notorious comment
F the Jews he told a colleague privately they don't vote for us anyway
But while the idealists have a point they also have a problem
They're moral war in Iraq was sold four years ago with two big lies that Saddam had WMD and that the Iraqis were yearning for democracy
And it's continued in the fog of deception about imaginary progress
It's immoral to put troops lives at risk because one is dr. Nier to make people die for a figure of flexibility
America's bungalow occupation and naive assumptions on least sectarian bloodletting that could ultimately is the times John Burns wrote
Match the mass killing that characterized Mr. Hussein's psychopathic years in power and involved in authoritarian Arab leaders
Bush Jr. cast himself as the Reagan heir but his president Reagan showed in Lebanon when he pulled out troops after
241 servicemen were blown up and in rake of egg negotiating with Gorbachev on nuclear arms
He was incredibly flexible and effective contrast with his inflexible rhetoric
He pursued openings and even radical diplomacy if the Gipper was would the decider is stone
Voters rejected W's black and white good and evil incompetent foreign policy last week
The president got the message that some shades of gray were desirable and brought in the family fixer with the bright green ties
Who is perfectly positioned to come up with a solution that will find Washington and flop in Baghdad
As the theologian rindled neighbor taught morality without realism is nigh ft or worse and realism without morality as cynicism or worse
Morality should open your eyes not close them. That's what marine says with a whole bunch of words in there that I have that butchered real bad
She was just she's great but she see this is one reason that a lot of people don't read newspaper articles are like even timer newsweek
Yeah
No, I'm serious. I know this this is the truth and that is that a lot of these calmness and right even the very good ones like her they they for some reason they have this
Desire this this endless is a to use words that most people that I can't even pronounce much less understand
Well, it makes them look smart. Oh, is that what it is? Oh, yeah, they're smart and we're dumb like Frado for example
And that's that's the way I look at it like like your president smart like Frado
Yeah, we're sending Frado to Vegas under the protection of the whatever was on the west coast
What was that family on the west coast? Don Francisco and host
Don Francisco. What a memory for godfather trivia manners and movie that is in play even Josh can't knock it
Nobody can why nobody can right nobody can knock the godfather
In fact, I think how do we find those things by the way? How do I do this amazing miracle miracle?
What is it it's a miracle
It's not a week
I think your friends don't so I don't care how many day go guinea what grease ball goon bars come out of the woodwork
Don't ever take sides with anyone against the family again ever
Ever what justice
We must go to the glory
Although I will say this uh, you know, it's good as he was in godfather al Pacino
Where did you learn your trade you idiot?
Whoever told you that you could work with men what's your hired for just to help us does that seem clear to you to help us
To help men who are going out there to try to earn a living
You company man you fairy and some great moments a rare performance by all the big apartment
That was a rare performance by everyone involved
Yeah, if you haven't seen Glen Gary Glen Ross there's another movie out of put I have to watch max point Glen Gary Glen Ross
There's no sex in it, but then again in fact most of the people in that movie are too old to be having any sex
A thousand sixty four votes on the poll I know that sounds ridiculous, but it's just to try to make a point
I don't know what the point was they're old right even nobody hot there's nobody hot in that movie. Okay. No
There's no Brady Quinn. There's no what's your name
From max point scarlet your hands and sorry
Which religious group is the most malignant in the thousand sixty four votes born again Christians five hundred fourteen
Muslim two sixty nine man. It's almost double trouble for the board against you mumsers
Scientologists eighty nine. I hate this point eighty four seven point eight percent. That's a bad number
We don't like it. You know what's too bad. I'll give people a voted. I hate this point. You're gonna burn in hell
Orthonox Jews 55 and Catholics 55
A lot in common a lot of silly ahead gears
A lot of original
A lot of bubbles I know
I am from Ilya and I
Lately and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from Jews and listening to the near
Rohe and we need to hour
Hey
Hello brains. I am the river and ten hired former president of the National Association of Evangelicals
I have taken early
Retirement from that fine organization to pursue another colon not a higher colon really more of a lower colon
Much much lower and even though president Bush won't return my calls anymore
And I've been kicked out of my church. I found a new home a new home on television
Beginning that Sunday the brother network will premiere my series
Queer I own the preacher guy
On the premiere episode my special guest will be Neil Patrick Harris
It wasn't he cute when he was that little doogie houseer md
Neil and I were discussed several important topics
Including Queen is a massage more than a massage
Said I'm Hussein evil man, but really how did those boxer shorts?
They will reveal the new play I can see the
Man in the sports segment of my show will open play in the Reverend Ted Haggard
Cord Hold tournament
That's Queer I own the preacher guy with me
The Reverend Ted Haggard Sundays on Bravo
It'll be so much fun you'll think you just snorted math with a male escort
Bravo three at five sixty w. Q.A. I'm all the hypocrites all the time all religious fanatics all the get skis all the
Finger pointers all the don't do as I do do as I say or is all the time
You just just had him right up to here as somebody would say right up to here right up to my who would say that armprits
Ryan Cox
In fact, I think I got some of that old stuff
Mm-hmm
Oh, yeah, I don't even want to hear about the negative stuff. Okay good
That's as much as I'm playing him
He was sure credit to the team in the community wasn't he both
He was just great both
Didn't he wind up with the JETS they stuck jets? I think so yes, he did
And a match made in heaven and eventually wound up on TV just like every other uh, well everybody does
How about that dancing with the stars maybe could be on that
First rated by local TV news outlets that run commercial disguised as news
An FCC commissioner wants to investigate stations. I don't tell viewers they may be watching corporate propaganda instead of
Independently before the information and by the way, it's 1204 you know where your loose changes right now
It's probably in a machine of Gulfstream
You realize that?
Four minutes ago they let the crowd in and you can just to make can you see those old people with their walkers
And where they're oxygen tanks just slipping. Yeah, it's a walker race
Oh, I sure hope they got the the walkers with the wheels on
So they can do wheelies on a way to get the good machine man
Though the area machine is full right now. I bet you're gonna
And you know something if this was a real radio station, which of course it is not and we had a real program to reach
Of course, we don't don't even go there girlfriend
We would have somebody there a reporter for the opening day, man
Sure, the people there would be ecstatic. I mean we're supposed to be good
Bunk by buddies with those people over there all the poor mutual including Gulfstream
And you think that we can have somebody there to call it on the bat line and give us a report
Boy pay you all that money because you're funny, right? Yeah
I'm just telling you that would be the way we do on a ride state if it was a real radio station
Which of course it's not if we had any support on the show, which we do not
KGT KGOTB and ABC affiliate in San Francisco was one of 46 stations in 22 states
Setted for improperly including video news releases or vnr's in a news stories according to a report released yesterday by two watchdog groups
Center for media and democracy and free press
Tuesday's report was a follow-up to an April study by the same organizations that found that 77 stations nationally including
CBS 5 TV and San Francisco KPIX had improperly used vnr's
Representatives of both stations acknowledged erroneously using them and called them isolated incidents
A vnr is a pre-packaged segment that looks and sounds like journalistically reported information
But is produced by either a public relations firm or a government body with the vested interest in the product or service being described
In other words proper gander
While media advocates say including pre-packaged material may not seem as serious when a tv news reporter is doing a fluffy feature piece on what kind of lipstick to wear like that tangy relips gloss
So you know that what's his name like?
Who what is it Jim?
I can't who is it Jim Rome? No, not Jim Rome
Mission impossible. Oh
Peter graves Peter graves. Why do I always call him Jim because that was his name in the show Jim? Okay
The implications could be more than that if the journalist broadcasts
Corp. produced information without critical examination or identification when reporting on a new treatment for liver cancer
Tuesday six month investigation included a story aired by a tv station in Missouri that questioned global warming and was largely based on a vnr created by oil industry lobbyists
The station did not identify the source of the material
The federal communications act requires broadcasters to inform their audience that such matter is sponsored paid for or furnished
Either in whole or in part and by whom were on whose behalf such consideration was supplied
Fade you to identify the source of a vnr is also an ethical violation the industries video tv news directors association guidelines on vnr
Usages news managers and producers should clarify should clearly disclose the origin of information in label all material provided by corporate or other non editorial sources and a part
of the origin of pure tree
Brainwashing of America baby. It's alive and well. Make no mistake about it. Ain't it? Oh, yeah. How does machines do when over their Gulf Stream?
Hmm, isn't that exciting?
Now you do realize next time that I'm down there. Can you imagine? Can you see me go into that place? No? Why not?
I don't know because you got lots of places up there to go to. Yeah, that's right
Why not when I come down there while I like plunge my gut so especially with that American currency
That cheesy American cash slide nose America those hundreds in there
One one thing about and let me just say this to you don't say I didn't warn you if you have an addictive personality
Yeah, I know slots are very addictive
Don't get started. I beg your pardon if you have an addictive personality don't get started that that's why I was just gonna settle on the blind
Start anything and then don't say always either fleecey my money
I got no chance of a well and don't go there nobody's gonna drag you off the street and with a sky hook and drag you inside the building okay?
We're just telling you that right up front and the other thing I wanted to say is speaking of a hundred dollar bills or whatever kind of bills you're talking about
Money loses its meaning in a casino
Not just it's thought machines anything you're playing blackjack a crafts whatever it is money money loses its value
And so like when you're sitting there shoving in a hundred dollar bills one after the other like I do
It's like it's like monopoly money. It's like funny money. It's not like real money
You know what I'm saying? I know it's an okay started mr. Hatch. I know you'll be there at 205
I can just see you right now listen like you said earlier in the show
Take as much as you were able to lose right okay, which in your case is not nothing
So there you go and a story now as Josh already gone
I heard Josh is gonna be giving us a live report from Gulfstream. I should have I should have went down you should have gone down there man should take in your cell
Called in we wouldn't answer the phone, but nevertheless you tell me I'll leave right now
I'll even play a slot or two. Don't be playing no slots mr. Hatch. I
Don't get started
Loo dobs has a column here. You know your buddy Loo dobs the your hero and the arch enemy of hoes illegal aliens
He says I'm a populist and proud of it. Should I read Lou dobs column? I
just the Democratic victory last week has our politically elites in both parties and national meatly media squealing like and I look at us the right hand column
This is all chopped off. I can't read it good. I didn't want to read anyone
Say sometimes it's like a blessing in disguise
That was sensational. I know if I knew how to print out a story from I know you do know how you just don't want it
I don't want I'm lazy. I don't want I don't want to do like that you were lazy he would do it the other way
What does that mean you're going through more work than you need to by how am I going through more work because it's spitting out all these pages
And you got to sift through all that crap to find what you want
Instead of just get everything you want on one page. Did you say sift? I said sift
Oh, we got almost 1100 votes now when the when the next slot machine goes off weight
There it is. There's that report from Gulfstream
We'll have 1100 votes in fact. I'm gonna refresh it
There's that obnoxious Mitch McConnell of Kentucky another real Yehu
Why is it that most of the Republicans are Yehu's one of those things is to go hand in hand with their philosophy
And over the mentality with their stone age mentality a repressive
Hypocritical BS you know it
1095 votes on a pool 1097 if I keep refreshing it look at that that like a magic just like just like those godfather and
And very glad to hear our roster. I'm amazing. How do you do that? I don't know
Johnny Fontay will never get that movie. I don't care how many day go get you what free spot goombas come out of the wood worth
I'm German Irish. Well, let me tell you something my crout mech friend
I'm gonna make so much trouble for you. You won't know what it was come the lawyer. I have not threatened
I know almost every big lawyer in New York. Who the hell are you? Who the hell are you?
Be some hair say to me york
Oh 1099 again. It's there must be a tax thing. I mean 01100 we got it. Told you
Boy 1100 votes on a poll. It's only 1211
I think the reason we're doing so well on the polls like this because that drew Rosenstein burger house show now in the morning on Wednesday
Is there any doubt on our morning show there can be no doubt
No doubt about it. He is the man
Reviled by most and hated by some by many
But nevertheless we got him and then of course there's Ira windbag look what I would did for hang show in the morning
Now when you got a loser like that
Well like Ira when you keep bringing him back again and foisting him on everybody you couldn't try to destroy their show
I haven't modeled your day you bet
I say give him his own damn show like from 6 to 10 a.m. And like from uh to the midnight
Just pay the other guys to lay out a little bit mad dog and hang they pay their dues just pay him to do you know
I mean like mad dog he does X number of shows a year. What a scam. He's got
Really how many shows a year does he know that he does a certain number shows a year
And that's it and once once beyond that that said he won't do no mole
That a good deal. It's a great. Like I said, I'll do 50 shows a year for you know for the same money, but like that
And I'll show up when a breakfast you're like it in other words just tune in and see if I'm there that would be a lot of fun
Yeah, and see if Niels on it like the wheel summer show right what is it like spin the wheel of Neil
The wheel of meat. Oh, let's get Rick and suds back with the wheel of meat. No absolutely not
But I was really a dumb bit you know that where the hell did he come up with that you know that's Rick
Of course, you know, I wasn't suds his idea that had to be Rick right the wheel of meat
So speaking of redneck
To this is Neil Rogers for radio 560. You a.m. She works in
The old big apple
When we singing about living in that white house castle
In four years she'll have an election to tackle
Good Lord, don't let everyone
Good Lord, don't let everyone
One's another friend
No
If she wins we're finished and done
Oh, yeah, so good Lord, don't let everyone
Probably 18 at 560 WQM. It's don't forget Obama be the man Obama from Alabama with a banjo on his name a rack
Homeowner should be able to get bare bones property insurance with hired deductibles coverage for only part of their home's value
Or even a policy that doesn't cover hurricane damage according to planned recommendations from a state panel
Floridians have seen hurricane premiums go through the roof in last few years. Yeah, I know I know all about it
You want to pay my homeowner's insurance for this year? No, thanks, but I've got mine's more not by name
I'm east of 95 mandatory wind store. I said you pay yours. I'll pay that with eight hurricanes having affected the state in the last few years
Forecast for more active storm period of scared insurers who say they paid out billions and claims and are worried about insolvency
Going out of business just like us here at QAM and over across the way at power 96 where they brought back Greg Reed because they were ill and over there
That is really it's just
It just blows my mind
You know somewhere out there. There's a murder run loose. You know that where
Somewhere oh summers the insurance crisis has flummoxed state policy makers because insurance companies have warned
It's flummoxed them because insurance companies have warned the rates must go up
And those companies are to continue offering their products in Florida a special task force named by fat ass governor
Bush decided to problem make recommendation lawmakers is finishing its work with its final meeting going on two day
And it's 12-19. You know where your lose changes now and what machine it's in mind
A draft of likely recommendations included a number of proposals that would lessen the risk of property insurance companies
Many by essentially allow a homeowner's to take on greater risk themselves
By being allowed to sell scaled-on policies
Companies could offer lower rates to thinking goes
Currently most companies don't sell policies for some peril such as fire or think whole damage without selling wind coverage
The property and casualty insurance reform committees expected to recommend a change in that policy
Such a change would allow a homeowner to buy a coverage for personal contents
Fire theft or other types of coverage for example, but reject wind coverage
Mortgage holders wouldn't be able to buy such limited policies because their bank will require full coverage
But some could including some mobile homeowner's others who paid off their home such as retirees who sold their homes up north and paid cash for their Florida house
Consumers should also be able to choose higher deductibles and ensure only the value of the outstanding part of their mortgage
The panel suggested most of the proposals would need legislative approval fat ass
Bush has said that if lawmakers can reach a consensus on what to do
He may call a special legislative session to tackle some of the potential fixes before he leaves orifice
In January other recommendations in the panels for after post-impleant would making it easier for companies to get coverage from the state fund
That backs up insurance companies the hurricane catastrophe fund and making that coverage a bit more expensive
Posted about private re-insurance companies charge and it goes on but it'd be pitiful in other words
We're getting raped it and we better enjoy it sit back and enjoy it
All right, think of England
Put a smile on your face and let the joys ask for your umbrella. What was that crap? You used to say that line?
Oh
Let us your buddy Joey
Let us smile be your enrella burl and rain on your face out of it. Yeah, it's definitely the senior US government officials say yesterday
They're rattling their Britney Spears again. How do you like that? They're rattling it again?
The US and it's out by the way, I just was looking at one of those websites. They're looking for my buddy
Well, I got so many now and that was your buddy Ryan Philippi was on there Philippi but flippy
Almost naked and one of the things said boy sure is a lot prettier than his wife
And you agree with that my ass is prettier than his wife
Well, there you go and then the picture I had in there in the inquiries she looked really nice
You know, you can do a lot of say hot photo man type it lukewarm, you know
Not as hot as he is but then again. She scared white children
US and its allies have accused a random pursuing nuclear weapons out of the guys of a civilian energy program
And are pushing for U.N. sanctions. They ran of course denies the accusation. That's our buddy Akmanina jod
Come on
I'm sorry from slow put I'm not in the job see I've reached it to us very even close
If North Korea refused to be announced its nuclear program in a random update nuclear weapons capability
Would lead other countries in the regions of state nuclear weapons at the US official speaking on condition of anonymity
Of course because he values his life a lot
We the US and others who might be threatened by these developments will have to look at how to respond and inevitably
I think people will have to look at the question of preemption the official total reporters preemption here
We go again if you like the Iraq just wait you ain't see nothing yet. You can think things are going swimmingly well there just wait
He said I think it's inevitable that any American administration not just this one
But future administrations will have to look at preemptive strategies
We get them before they get us
Right he wasn't saying that the US was going to launch a preemptive strike tomorrow
He said maybe a week from next circus or something like that
Circus was in our country by the way
We look up all those holidays already and we got Thanksgiving a week from tomorrow and then we start heavy duty baby
After Thanksgiving we start really really isn't it today after Thanksgiving Friday the 24th
That's the big shopping day the number one shopping day and everybody goes out to rushing around by in their Hanukkah and Christmas gifts
That's the day
I'm looking I'm looking for a story to buy all my stuff which I don't buy gifts for anybody because I'm a hard roll the Jew but
I'm looking for a story where they say happy holidays
Okay
All right, or maybe just have a great life or maybe just I have no life that would be good as opposed to all this or maybe
Nothing is how about leave me alone. Let me buy what I want and get the hell out of here and don't talk to me
Exactly and quit proselytizing okay
I if I want to go to church or to shoole. I'll go there if I want to buy something I'll come here you want my money fine if not
Yeah, where the moon don't jump been drared. I took in your took us a bubble and drared. Yeah, how about a poch and took us
Please don't tell me that he's Jewish all right about it
Oh, let's see. Where's uh, I'm looking for something right here. I'll find it
My mom and please oh there it is. Oh boy. That's something else
Anyway
We have 1129 votes on the pool. Let's see how we're doing on the reads on the stories today. Okay. You never can be too
Too sure about this town, you know, even though it's been 30 years
We've got this big lawyer audience. It's wonderful. We love them. They sometimes love us usually not
Well, look at that. We got over 300 reads bush and rogue blue the election on purpose question mark
Which is a silly story but read it anyway
Did you read that no don't waste your time all right
Oh, you're like this story though when Polish student Michael Gromack 19 went to America on a student exchange program
He found himself trapped in a host family of Christian fundamentalists
What followed was a six-month hell of dawn church visits and sex education talks is his new family tried to banish the devil from his soul
Here is his story my half year of hell with Christian fundamentalists
I think we're gonna take the break. I don't want to like read this too fast
Okay
Michael Gromack Polish exchange. I see the reason that this is of interest to use because you know your daughter went to Japan
You had a little of Japanese girl you did a student exchange thing right and luckily the Japanese girl didn't come to some family of getch keys
We're trying to brainwash her. It it happens every once in a while. What's that?
That these exchange students wind up like the story that you're about to read in the in the house of some religious phonetic
Yeah, isn't that so I think there ought to be a log against that
You know, it's one thing to pollute the minds of American kids
But to bring in people unsuspecting people's children from around the rest of the uh a little slightly more enlightened world and try to write the Polish for example
The biggest name of best talent the basis wheel roger
Somebody like my sister
Know that the Lord even loves Neil Rodd 1231 and 560 WQM all the bubble my sees all the time baby all the religious killing and hate all the time
Mm-hmm. Anyway getting back to Michael Gromack 19 he was um an exchange student from Poland
Okay, and this is a story in a nutshell briefly says when I got out of the plane in Greensboro on the US state of North Carolina
I would never have expected my host family to welcome me at the airport wielding a Bible and saying child our Lord sent you halfway around the world to bring you to us
At that moment. I just wanted to turn around and run back to the plane. He said
Things began to go wrong as soon as I arrived in my new home in Winston Salem
Why was to spend my year abroad?
For example every Monday my host family would gather around the kitchen table to talk about sex
My host parents hadn't had sex for the last 17 years because so they told me they were devoting their lives to God
They also want to know whether I drank alcohol. I admitted. I'd like beer and wine
They told me I had to they told me I had to devil in my heart
My host parents treated me like a five-year-old they gave me lollipops
They woke me up every Sunday morning at 615 a.m. Saying Michael it's time to go to church
I hated that sentence when I didn't want to go to church one morning because that hardly slept. They didn't allow me to have any coffee
One day I was talking to my host parents about my mother who separated from my father
They were appalled my mother's heart was just as possessed by the devil's mind
They explained God wanted her to stay with her husband. They said
Then seeing as we were already on the topic of God's will the religious zealots finally brought up a subject
Which had clearly been on their minds for a long time
They wanted me to help them set up a fundamentalist back to church in my home country of Poland. It was God's will they said
They tried to slip the topic casually in the conversation, but it really shocked me
I realized that was the only reason they had welcomed me into their family
Then already started a construction work in Krakow. I was to help them with translations and with spreading their faith via the media
It was clear to me that there was no way I was going to do that the family was appalled. It was a weird situation
After all these people were my only company at the time if I hadn't kept in touch with home through email
I might have been sucked into that world
Or just plain well
It was only after four months that I decided to change my host family
I kept hoping that things might improve but it was futile
futile
Telling them I wanted to go was the most unpleasant moment I experienced in that half year
Of course they didn't understand how good they they had grown up with their faith and were convinced of it
And then suddenly I turned up and refused to fit in
From that moment on I counted the days the two months that followed my decision were hell
My host parents detested me. There were constant rouse. I could sense they just wanted to get rid of me
They didn't know what to do with me no more
67 days later. I was finally in a new family
They were young actually more friends than host parents and I was very happy there
Because my new family was only 50 kilometers 30 miles away from the other one
I was distrustful at first and afraid things wouldn't be no better. But the change was worth it
Despite everything I still haven't come to terms with my experience
I want to write the religious family soon and explain to them clearly and calmly why things went so wrong
It shouldn't just end
This way what he's trying to say is they were real far-bison
That's what he's trying to say and the exchange students are often very freaked out because
Unlike the rest of us here in America who are used to being surrounded by these nut jobs
They're not so prevalent in these other countries. That is correct. That is absolutely
So they've ever you know, there are a lot of things that take them by surprise and that's why right
Although every now and then you'll run into a getchki here for example in Toronto where they are on the street corners
Anywhere you go into the world you find it's crazy people on the street corners handing out religious pamphlets
And mumbling in articular garbage
Like that because they're crazy
Don't forget the religious people are the crazy people and the crazy people are the dangerous people
You know what George always says about dangerous people they scare the crap out of us. That's right
Fort Campbell, Kentucky one of four US soldiers accused of raping an Iraqi girl last spring and killing her and her family pleaded guilty today
And will testify against the others
Specialist James P. Barker agreed to the plea deal to avoid the death penalty said is a vaguen attorney David Sheldon
The killings in Mach Moudia a village about 20 miles south of Baghdad. Don't you love the way I said that Mach Moudia great work
See anywhere there's like an H in like any Arabic or
Israeli or as it's always
Like that get that get that deli there. We go on baby get those cheese buns. It's all worked up in your throat
That's it
The killings in Mach Moudia a village about 20 miles south of Baghdad
We're among the worst in the series of alleged attacks on civilians other abuses by a military personnel in Iraq
Sergeant Paul E. Cortez I wonder if he's kidded day baby Cortez and don't you dare play that happy organ again, please right
Sergeant Paul E. Cortez and
Private first fast Jesse V. Spielman both members of the 101st Airborne Division with Barker could face the death penalty
If convicted in the case in courts Marshall at Fort Campbell courts Marshall. Don't you just love that?
Yes
I never was able to figure that out. I mean, you know, I was pretty good in a linguist
In my day, although obviously the way I read these stories you'd never know that but anyway, well because court is the noun
I understand that but still it's just it just don't seem to direct to me
The alleged ringleader from our army private Steve green 21. Please not guilty last week to charge is including murder and sexual assault
Green was discharged from the army for a personality disorder before the allegations became known and prosecutors have yet to say if they'll pursue the death penalty again him
The indictment accused his green and others of raping the girl and burning her body to conceal their crimes
It also alleges that green and for other states that nearby checkpoint killed the girl's father mother and 60-year-old sister
Barker's given investigators vivid accounts of the assault
How do you like that? I don't understand why they hate us
Where is the candy in the flowers you promised us?
Right just because they were playing that song. I never promised you a rose garden. Who did that Lynn Anderson? Yes, don't play it all right
Oh Doug Thompson writes in the rant today. I don't know. This is what here. This is his opinion. All right
Are you starting to play that retardo country music again?
Yes here on kiss country. Let's get Johnny dark to pump out the country hits
Like your partner
There we go and then of course there's always
Yeah
Oh, yeah, what a finger man. What a fast finger
Maybe Brady Quinn could find out how fast that finger is man. Whoo
Wash it off now
I'll speak of that. Murtha is too dirty to lead Democrats. That's the article by Doug Thompson on capital blue.com
It's too dirty. Go wash it off
But it's just a purple ink stain. I voted
Incoming speaker with a house Nancy Pelosi promises changes in the correct way Congress conducts his business
But her shameless promotion of Pennsylvania representative John Murtha suggests her reign at the top will be business as usual when it comes to protecting one of her own
One of the first rules of politics is to avoid the appearance of impropriety
It doesn't matter if you're guilty or innocent of wrongdoing you must work your ass off to prove you're above suspicion
Murtha unfortunately doesn't pass the smell test
Hmm he has a long history of pandering to fat catalogues manipulating the system for personal gain and using the power of office to benefit his family and friends
And then there's abscan the FBI sting operation that targeted 31 elected officials and convicted a senator and five congressman of robbery and conspiracy
Murtha was one of those targeted because of his cozy relationship with defense lobbyists in a videotape
Which they showed on the news last night
Murtha turned down a bribe of $50,000 from an undercover FBI agent
Not because he felt it was wrong, but to use his words because he didn't know him
I'm not interested at this point
Murtha said we do business for a while. Maybe I'll be interested. Maybe I won't
Not interested at this point do business for a while or these the comments of an honest man or one who's just being careful careful
An honest man would have stalked out of the room reported the attempted bribe
Murtha didn't do either one
He sat there and left it open for a future relationship with the man who openly offered him a bribe
Murtha said he didn't do anything wrong. He's lying
But not reporting the attempted bribe became complicit in the corruption that's long been part of life on capital hill
By keeping his mouth shut he gave support to a system that still exists today even with things like abscan and current scandals like jack abermoth
Pelosi promises to clean up congress and with the public garbage looked by republicans should lead a big broom
But any claim maybe she needs the swiffer duster
But any claims of restoring integrity to the government are invalidated when she openly backs the congressman with a checkered past
And answered on answered questions about his ethics
Murtha claims bringing up abscam is a swift boating a tech engineer by a opponent for a house leader job
Merlin representative stenny hoyer so much for democratic unity
Pelosi's actions as speaker will be scrutinized at microscopic levels given her position as the first woman to ever hold a job
And her promises to turn congressman the most ethical legislative body in history
Dealing with Murtha here was her first test and she flunked it
The biggest name sub best talent
This is real roger force radio 560
Am
denied on tv land
Neil Patrick Harris stars him back to back to back episodes of doogie house or proctologist all night long on tv land
rectum
1245 speaking of that the South African parliament yesterday approved new legislation and recognizing game marriages
How do you like that a first for a continent where homosexuality is largely taboo
The national assembly passed the civil union bill worked out after months of heated public discussion by a vote of 230 to 41
The spec criticism from both traditionalist and gay activists in warnings that it might be
Unconstitutional. There were three abstentions
203 to 41
The bill provides for the voluntary union of two persons which is solemnized and registered not sourmized
But solemnized and registered by either a marriage or civil union
It doesn't specify whether they are heterosexual or homosexual partnerships
But it also says marriage officers need not perform a ceremony between same-sex couples
If doing so would conflict with his or her conscience religion and belief
When we obtained our democracy we started to distinguish ourselves from an unjust painful past
By declaring that never again shall it be that any South African will be discriminated against on the basis of color
Creed culture and sex
Homophores minister and I have no idea what his name is told the national assembly
There's nothing but consonants, you know, they need a vowel movement
The bill have been expected to pass given the overwhelming majority of the ruling African national congress despite unease among rank and file lawmakers
And now has to go to the national council of provinces which is expected to be a formality before being signed in law by president
taboo mabecki
MBKI
Oh wait to hear this. There's not nothing. This is any surprise, but it's just they're so blatant
They're so flagrant. It's so obvious and there's so many stupid people out there who actually are condoned and believe like it's a news organization
Fox News and oxymor enough there ever was one Fox News my ass
The huffington post has this story Fox News internal memo. It's got a copy of it
Be on the look up for any statements from the Iraqi insurgents thrilled at the prospect of a Democrat controlled congress
And here's the a Thursday update from Fox
An internal Fox News memo written by the net was vice president of news
It says a couple of thumb p used use variation of Bush's term speak today
Web is one in Virginia the balance of power in the Senate is now 51 to 49
Sanders and Libre and I Libreman will organize with the d's he'll come out and concede let's take it
Ramesfeld had a previous speaking engagement in Kansas he ought to be in a fine mood
Can one fake smile how that hide that much frustration will take that too
The elections in Ramesfeld's resignation were a major event, but not the end of the world
The war on terror goes on without interruption
Jennifer Gryffinson info on Hamas's call for attacks on American interest
And let's be on the lookout for any statements from Iraqi insurgents who must be thrilled at the prospect of a democratic controlled congress
The question of the day and indeed for the rest of Bush's term is what's the democratic plan for Iraq
This could be a very short live shot for Jim angle, but he'll try
In the house the newly empowered Democrats will shed some fraternal blood before settling in
Mirtha will challengeroyer for leadership a former hawk versus a political hack Garrett will observe
And we'll continue to work the Hamas threat to the U.S. that came hours after the election results
Gryffin and Tobin will occlude in their lives just because the Democrats won the war on terror isn't over
Fair and balanced baby the fascist news network make no mistake of a none like I said that's that there's any surprise
Right. Oh, thanks by the way for it now. I'm sure it was you that sent me that Walmart propaganda
I mean that anytime Walmart the DVD I didn't watch you. Oh, what of our final listeners
Sent us like I said. Thank you very much. And thanks to a green van day for that the fantastic book about now
Thanks to Bokobryon for continuing to put those in the diplomatic pouch since obviously they they won't send anything in the you know that I sent
Well, they know you apparently they're not too big an illegal aliens. Okay. What do they care in Canada? They don't canadia
A lawyers group is asked Germany to sue a former U.S. Defense Secretary Donald remisfeld over less prisoner abuse in Iraq and Guantanamo Bay
As in Abu Gharr rape they complain was filed by the U.S. Base Center for constitutional rights on behalf of a Saudi man held in Cuba and 11 Iraqis held in Baghdad
German law allows the pursuit of cases originating anywhere in the world state prosecutors have yet to decide whether to pursue the case and
An earlier request in case in 2004 was dropped
Michael Ratner the sentence president said he felt the case had a better chance to succeed
Now because mr
Rumsfeld was no longer in office could exert the same political pressure
He ended that the center had more evidence than it did in 2004
Setting the case of detained Saudi national Muhammad al-Katani
Al-Katani was a man who the U.S. alleged is al-Qaeda who is in Gipmo and was exposed to the entire torture log of al-Katani over a period of two months
they told the BBC
The Center for constitutional rights argues that Rumsfeld was instrumental in the torture being committed to Gipmo and that the jail Abu Gharr in Baghdad
And it goes on how do you like that? Well, we got Henry Kissinger's wanted in France for war crimes
And then we got Kissinger in Germany. Let's put them on a plane together and send him over there for a nice hanging
Speaking of crazy people by the way Rudy Giuliani. He's got he's got two chances of getting the Republican
nomination
Did I say this yesterday? I'll say it again. Not much less than none
Wait to hear this I read totally before the shawjina told it you'll fall off the chair. Do you fall yet?
I'm getting ready to do it. Giuliani compares Bush to Winston Churchill. Oh my god. I heard that story
It looks like someone else is in a state of Nile says yesterday former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani set up that exploratory committee for a possible run
If the Republican presidential nomination in 2008 Arizona Senator John McCain made a similar announcement over the weekend
It is likely that Bill Fist, Mitt Romney, George Potaki and Mike Huckabee will do the same in coming weeks my Huckabee my ass who now is that
As of now if he does indeed run Giuliani will try to gain Republican support by co-zing up to president Bush
The former New York mayor defended George W. Bush yesterday even comparing the recent anti-Bush sentiment to the kind that the late Winston Churchill received years ago
It doesn't matter what the media does to ridicule him or misinterpret him or defeat him
They ridicule Winston Churchill. They be little Ronald Reagan, but like president Bush. They were optimists said Rudy Giuliani
Who is one of the worst things he's got going for him is beside the ugly divorce and all the flandering is that his name ends in a vowel
I think he needs a good vowel movement Rudy Giuliani and of course this former chief of police who was using that the love nest over there across from the World Trade Center
That they're gonna hang around his leg like an albatross driven by Harry Harvey and later by Stanley dancer the lead
Here's a fact that since after exercising my road to Biden vote and in doing so chose Democrats across the board
I'm an independent when I heard about the policy and their support for Martha and Elsie Hastings because she didn't like two other people running even though they had no baggage
I was as pissed off of her as I am at the Republicans. I hope she burns in hell the lying deceptive
See any rights be out stop with his nonsense. Well, yeah bitch bitch if you don't have the balls to say bitch
Then you don't belong on the planet, okay?
crap it's crap
No, no, it's not just yo-yo. It's not just that black ease part of it. It's just
People that don't want to say bitch. They say be out. You know, it's not funny. It's it's wimpy. Don't be a pussy man
You be out. I hope she burns in hell the lying deceptive bitch perhaps the screams sound by the associated with her name is more fitting than we thought
The screams sound by it associated with her name
Is that it? Is right? I don't have anybody's talking about
Nancy Pelosi. Well, what is that? I don't know. Those are canned screams is what we got
Yeah, I don't know
Just calm down, okay? Just don't get your nickers in a wad. Oh, there's John McCain
I believe that more oracle other general abbasid is it but it would put about there all that over there's what he said about Iraq
Everybody's dead
1180 dialed up 1180 whm in Rochester one of the worst radio stations
Although when I was a kid I used to win hockey tickets to Rochester Amherst game from Bob Turner who used to do the sport show on whm
Not exciting no
It was real exciting to turn on the radio and have him you know announced you know announced the names of the five winners
Because who they wanted to go to hockey games anyway? Well, we had we did okay
The Rochester Amherst baby
I'm giving up football it's hockey season. The least are off to a good start. Panthers are really they're reeling
They're not so hot. I don't I don't see how that franchise is gonna continue. I just I don't I mean I would call me crazy
Crazy that last year you can't have you can't have a franchise with no crowd. There's no interest
So I got a great idea. Let's do a hockey show. Oh, I'll get rimmer on the horn
Jimmy Buffett has filed a lawsuit alleging that a galleistered merchant is unlawfully using his trademark to sell goods at an online store
Jimmy Buffett now there's another
Other real uh state of mind, you know like the rascal house like the forge Jimmy Buffett
Oh, but he's the keys man. He's south-roading. He's uh, you know
Yeah, that's right. Let me give you one word to describe him and his so-called music. Yep. That's it
Little Miss Buffett said under Buffett
Killing the curses. Okay, it's enough
The lawsuit filed this week in federal court seeks to shut down Robert A. Card's website
under one hut.com the lawsuit claims the website falsely represents itself as Jimmy Buffett's Margarita Villalon line store for merchandise
Well
A lawyer for Buffett said part of the problem is that some of the items on a website which sells clothing and beach themed novelties are overpriced to them
Many of these products are ones a card is not even authorized to sell but primarily the problem is that in some cases the markup on the item
Is as highest 50%
lawyer Anthony Busby said oh, that's a good name Busby
Mm-hmm, like that name like Busby Berkeley
Jimmy Buffett's not in business to make money certainly not anymore
He doesn't appreciate what this guy's been doing and based on his music. I'm glad he's not in business to make any money
Songs bequited by Buffett 59 include Margarita Villal changes in latitude changes in attitude and cheaper run paradise
Oh, what about come Monday? Yeah, that's when you can play it again come someone to them. I'm not on
This is a song from you who've been with us wrong
All you drew in Yahoo's
Anchor's attorney Darryl Afel said he would vigorously oppose Buffett's efforts
He said he would be buffem. He said Buffett is a financial empire trying to shut down a small business
Calling to complain a classic case of David versus Goliath. It's like Wayne Heisinga and at poorer uh
Uh, pizza guy remember that that's right. That's right
That's right
It was just his block. Yeah
And he closed the poor bastard down in drill-mouther business nice go on Wayne you grave robber you maniac you pockmarked
lunatic
Hey carded already modified his website in response to complaints from Buffett's lawyers
Regarding what they said were implied ties between the site and the singer
After taking these steps into the faith to comply with these requests Jimmy Buffett then started
Restraining word to shut down the site without any warning to mr. A carder myself as his attorney
Afel said the site remained online yesterday
Afel said need to heena ray card to be given notice of a restraining order
A federal judge in Nevada shut down eight cards last week. I've said related Jimmy Buffett
Which was called parrots of the Caribbean calm. Oh
Baby that Jimmy Buffett
He really sucks. Well you guys don't like anybody do you know we don't
We like suds. I've never had a problem with Jimmy Buffett. I don't like him, but you know
I don't like him. I don't like his music. I don't like that whole keys thing, you know
I don't like the whole I mean how many years I've been in Florida over
Never been to the keys never any desire to go there
And it doesn't remind me of with all due respect to let's see bitch
There I said if the screen was what they play on air america when Pelosi's mentioned. I don't hear about air america
I have no interest in what they play or what they do or what they say and the good luck to you. Okay said bitch
Congratulations to butcher up a little bit
Bitch and what was I just gonna say before you send me that facts? I don't know
Oh the keys and no interest in the keys and everything I don't
Well, you don't like the beach I guess I mean you really have to go to the keys to get drunk
Don't go to the keys you get stuck all the time right there by his house go to the keys to uh
To go to beach and bow to the Queen
Yeah, a bunch of silly Queen yeah, I'm pointing and saying you fat man goes to the keys because of the facts. That's it. Oh
Believe me me and here I don't need to go to the keys to see that
So I'm the do-hour
Oh
So friends I'm rush limbo with news of the hottest children's toy the scriptmas and I say Christmas because I believe there is a war on
Christmas in this country and I for one refuse to use the word holiday
Of course, I'm talking about the newest offering from eib toys
Chico me Michael J. Fox
Yes, that all that shakes uncontrollably when placed in front of a camera
Or when seated in front of a congressional subcommittee
And especially when being interviewed by Katie
Quirk
And when you squeeze its belly ladies and gentlemen they tickle me Michael J. Fox doll even speaks allow me the dumpster
And best of all the tickle me Michael J. Fox doll fits perfectly in your young child's arms
Because the tickle me Michael J. Fox doll ears actual size
So this Christmas once I'm asked what's shaking the answer is the tickle me Michael J. Fox doll from eib toys mega did
Oh god one oh three at five sixty w two and let's pass this along again all of it's only Wednesday
But just remind me the next two days because I am very good for the world. Let's pass this along remember that OJ story that you read today and
Two we can go and everything like that here's something sending it over and over and over again
We
Had that story about the OJ book and the TV show and all this other crap if I did it weeks ago from the inquiry
Oh, man, and one of the first things I read on the year this morning was the story about OJ and the Fox two part the thing on the
27 the 29th of this month and the fact that book is coming out on November 30th
So stick it okay quit sending us stuff that we already know about and I'm sure must be on our website. Is it on there Josh? Let me take a look
Let me take a puket I mean I know I said it to you, but is it on there for today or for tomorrow? Let's see
Uh one moment please you see it
See Josh would know if he really read these things thoroughly post-to-post just a joke
I just breeze through those just a joke when you relax Jesus God are you uptight and out of sight
Uh 1.8 million clear channel Afghanistan chaining next to me. I don't know if it's on there now maybe I didn't send it to you
Or maybe it will be on there tomorrow, but whatever I said to you for tomorrow whatever the hell I did
It's gonna be on here and I already read it and leave us alone with your freaking OJ, okay?
Take OJ and put his head in your rectum. Okay. I'll probably already in there
God
So it's the same person he's faxing us that story over and over again like we don't know about him
Let's probably my bed for trying to cancel it because you know what the fact that oh that's not a good idea
Because they're persistent baby
Persistence pays off and of course once they find out that you don't want it then they send it 80 million times
What he's really trying to say is OJ?
Kill the cold yeah if I'd done it
if
If chickens peed man there'd be a flood on your head OJ you stupid bastard
Yeah, this is just another way to why what he gets we have million for this book
Yeah, I reckon which the gold ones in the browns will get that's it but he do die
Maybe they can get enough to make some a shoe fly pie and apple pan dowdy
Anyway, see you got me off my off my pointed rounds here once again. I understand the method in your madness
We have 1200 votes by the way
Like that without even pushing his pull and also I think I put it on your body. I don't know
I don't know what was going on with Eric yesterday because I said him the pull
I think I thanks to him like three times and then finally around 715 he put it up there so I could swish it
He's just getting upset because we had 1600 votes on a pull while the show was still on yesterday
And he's jealous of that
I think he's pissed off because we're not getting as many reads on those stories as we always did
And that started right after the election was over. It's like oh wait. Give us a rest now. I understand that
Can't you understand that sure? Why not whatever give us a word? Give us a breather now. Okay put on some of those really entertaining calls not
Like that one at the end of the Kenny and Vosho this morning at the Johnny G or Joey whatever he was there was
So you're telling us a fake caller? I don't know that just what it sounded like to me. No
The VSO is DUI task force will be conducting saturation patrols
This is for all you drunks out there for all yours actually. I don't know why do we do this? Why do we do this?
Because it's a public service like you said a public service. It's an it's aiding and a betting
No, no, drunks. What they're doing is they're doing checkpoints and pulling everybody over and destroying everyone's ability to travel about in mind their own business
Everybody's ability to drink and drive and know
Anyway, you've never been stuck in a checkpoint
The VSO DUI task force will conduct saturation patrols this Saturday, November 18 from 8 30 p.m
They'll 5 and a.m. The following morning in areas of north-awterdale Oakland Park and on a corporate central
County impaired drivers will be identified and DUI laws will be actively in forward
Throw your ass in a slimer and your car too and impound your house and your dog and your kids and everybody and your
Miner bird and your cockatoo
This information is published in compliance with a Supreme Court ruling mandate in prior announcement of selective service
And for selective enforcement activity yada yada
In other words, it's on there because they law requires them to do it
Supreme Court has said you got to put on it. You can't just all of a sudden surprise, you know like here go pull over and
Well, they're giving everybody over
They put cones out in the road and block all the traffic and make sure that nobody gets by and they can
Put their car in the car
They're putting cones out in the road. They ought to put Stanley J Cohen out there. I'll take you that
My former boss at INZ who used to drive that yellow Seville. We used to call it the Pimp Mobile
Wow
Nothing like a guy named Stanley J Cohen in in Opalaka no less where the station was INZ and i95 which later became Zeta out there in the middle of
Actually, that's Carol City. Is that what I just said?
Let's sit over lock it. Well, it's close to Opalaka. Yes, it is Carol City
And of course Carol City ain't far from where the stadium is which is right about where you are right now right down the road
Yeah, right by your drug dealer now and the barber shop and chuck in the sub center and of course the the
diner
The stadium diners now what that's called. Yes
Remember we got those omelets from the stadium diner that time
That one time yeah
Joshua Holland writes on the smirking chimp public school teacher gives lesson in right wing Christian tolerance
Oh
Boy that one that was depressing that's story about the exchange student from Poland
He got a lovely pressing huh he got off lucky a
History teacher at the local public high school in kerning new jersey may have bitten off more than he cares to chew this fall
Self-described conservative Baptist David Pasquitz used his history class to proselytize biblical fundamentalism over the course of several days at the beginning of this school year
Among his remarks in open class were statements that a being must have created the universe
That the Christian Bible is the word of God and the dinosaurs were aboard Noah's Ark if you do not accept Jesus
He flatly per came to his class you belong in a hill all right
This is a public school teacher
Referring to a Muslim student who had been mentioned by a name. He lamented what he saw as her inevitable fate
Should she not convert and an attempt to promote biblical creationism
He also dismissed evolution in the big bang is non-scientific arguing by contrast that the Bible is supported by what he calls confirmed biblical prophecies
the
After taking the matter of the school administration wanted Pasquitz students junior Matthew LeClair
requested a meeting with the teacher and the school principal you go and Matt
LeClair a non-Christian was requesting an apology and correction to false and anti-scientific statements after two weeks of meeting
Meeting to place in principal's office where in Pasquitz and I'd make me any of the comments claiming that LeClair would take
And then some of our side of context Pasquitz specifically denied using the phrase you belong in a hill
He also asserted that nothing different in this class that he's been doing in 15 years of teaching
Here's the sweet part at the end of the meeting with care with the chair revealed he had recorded the remarks and presented the principal with two compact discs
Curses it says for all by modern science
The teacher then declined to comment further without his union representative
However, he fired one last shot of the student saying you got the big fish you got the big Christian guy who's a teacher
This guy will certainly go down as a martyr of the ACLU's and civic political correctness and another good Christian depressed by evil secularists
No apology has been forthcoming from the teacher or from the school the parents state that because the administration's in action
They've taken the matter to the school board this week from whom they are waiting a response
Apparently this Matt LeClair is a pretty cool kid last year. He made an impassioned defense of his refusal to stand for the pledge of allegiance
Like I said you go Matt our kind of guy
As Mark Foley would say send us a picture
When I sit out the McCarthy era version of the pledge it is not because I don't care about respect your love my country
He said just the opposite is because I do our country is taking many dangerous turns lately
We've given away many of our freedoms through the so-called pay-punct radical elements threaten to turn our democracy into a theocracy
Groups the majority doesn't understand like homosexual intellectuals and liberals
I regularly treated with scorn contempt and disrespect. Hey, Matt you're fairy
I don't sit because standing is too hard because we sit in the plant takes too long
Would be much easier to stand and not have people telling me I'm on patriotic a communist where I'm spitting on America
Most of these comments haven't been made by students but teachers and staff members the adults who are supposed to be teaching a citizenship
Standing would be a small act indeed sitting is the big one nice going Matt. How do you like that? Great him for president
It says in this story
PS one or more of you just read on some right-wing blog about a Muslim school teacher in tesh Kent who told his class something equally offensive
You're about to write the comments that my fate or to cover that important story proves once and for all that
I'm hateful and abuses toward all Christians
Despite the fact that mr. Paschal which is clearly a nut job who represents the tiny minority thereof
Don't do it. Why? Because I don't live in whose veckas stand
I don't pay taxes in whose veckas stand nor what I said my children do and as was veckas standing school if I had any
I have no clue whether to use veckas standing constitution guarantees the separation of church in state
But ours does on a very fundamental level. I don't care what people say in tesh Kent
I'm not the AP or royalties and make no claim to covering everything that you might find interesting only what I do
And if you see a story about a Muslim teacher in an American public school trying to similarly indoctrinate his or her students
email it to me now guarantee I'll receive the news with equal offense and snarky a program. How do you like that?
Ooh snarky. It's Joshua Holland snarky a program. I'll write he used to play second base for the pirates
1210 wca you filled it out for you
What what is it with all these old AM I am I don't know the past it's old stuff
Remember I did that pull about stuff that I talk about too much too much old stuff old radio stations back when your radio was actually worth owning
The biggest names of best talent
I'm confused ten but third man sports radio 560
Q a m the
Yeah, the best talent is the Kenyan bow morning show weekday 7 to 10 sports radio 560 Q a m
Take off those checkered pants
Well how did you go to the W. I am here and you are
And I can't say it anymore they took that from me thanks a no small part for that guy midday show guy
Oh bokeh yeah yeah yeah that's that guy who haven't a hell out of you met him I did
Yes out in the hallway I don't know who I'd go whatever would let's take some calls and shall we
prestige is a bud palia city
Hello, yeah, hi mom. Yeah, well, you know what is it?
People gonna realize this this is a sports show and nothing out absolutely nothing exists outside the gay world of sports
And by the way some they paid me to oggle and admit my am in this here is a show for men
About men like there's melty bass and chaps you stole the pizza huh you stole the pizza
I did not take no pizza
I don't be ridiculous
I don't know what you're talking about
I didn't steal the pizza
No, I did not steal no pizza
Now see here I ain't no pie burglar
I did not steal the pizza
Yeah
Only had one slice now okay, so it was a whole five who cares those bombs had no power
I was hungry. I sacrificed a lot to you know there was no dr. Browns
Just don't taste the same without the dr. Browns as grudest as that morrow unsaid good night and kiss my ass
18 to 560 boy do we miss him or what huh no no
well
214 votes on a pool. I'm sure that's a part of the audience the statistic part or maybe the
masochistic part misses him
Can you believe the sun is shining all look at that. There's the
tsunami in eastern Japan a 16 inch highway and there's all the Japanese uh
These are on CNN you see that it might be thought that's all that's all my guy
You know, that's a good that is an excellent pool which I don't think we've done a long time
Who's the most objectionable person who's ever on your tv screen
Richard quest and really cause me
I mean there is a hyena a donkeys ass with donkey teeth. I mean what who just as obnoxious as any Brit could possibly be or any
Subhuman could be I was gonna say human
I turned over to MSNBC to see if Rita was on with her in commercial okay
So maybe maybe we'll be fortunate enough to get Richard quest and read a cosby back
Whenever great sure
sure
This story just makes me want to do a number one two three and four right on the floor
Fox News reporter is freed for two million dollars terrorists to use cash for arms to hit Zionist
Payment said to encourage more abductions
Great Fox News helping wherever they can no no
Palastinian terror groups and security organizations in the Gaza strip received two million dollars from the US
Inext from a US source
In exchange for the release of Fox News employees
Steve Centani and Olaf Wig who were kidnapped last summer in Jerusalem a senior leader one of the groups suspected the abductions told world news
A daily world net daily
They terribly different the Gaza based popular resistance committee said his organization share the money was used to purchase weapons
Which he said will be utilized to hit designers
He said he expects the payments for Centani and Wig street and will encourage Palestinian groups to carry out further kidnappings
Officials associated with Palestinian authority president Mahmoud Abbas's fatakh party and its security organization
The preventative security forces confirmed to WND money was paid for the release of the Fox News reporters
A senior leader of the Al-Aksa martyrs brigade terror group the declared military wing of a top said the group received a small percentage of the two million dollars
Which all parties interviewed said was transferred in cash
Centani and Wig were released last August after being held hostage by a terrorist in Gaza for nearly two weeks
Surely before the release of it was issued showing the two arrested beige Arab-style robes and appearing to convert to Islam
Wig in his illan citizen gave an anti-western speech with his face expressionless
Centani later explained he and Wig were forced to convert to Islam at gunpoint
One week after the abduction WND broke a story a cland from the Gaza strip which leads to the terror cells of the popular resistance committees were promised suspects in the kidnappings
Senior Palestinian officials told WND their investigation of the abduction led them to the drug-mash family based in
Canunis and Gaza City they said they have evidence the clan was heavily involved and it goes on but a beep but a boop but a bop and
Two million dollars in cash was transferred to the preventative security services, but we still don't know what where it came from
You don't think it could be from Rupert Murdoch do you and anybody at Fox News, huh?
Hmm to get their people out so that the terror because I thought we didn't negotiate with
Kidnappers and terrorists isn't that the old saw that we're always hearing about oh the old way, but what's will not saw people you know
Right whatever you say
Disgrace lobbyist Jack Abramoff convicted a federal charges after using expensive gifts campaign donations and exotic trips to an access to the powerful of Washington
reported a prison this morning to which we say all right
Abramoff arrived at about 630 this morning a relatively secluded prison facility in Western Maryland and began to serve an early
Sissia prison sense for a fraudulent deal to buy fleet of
Danubeach based fleet of some crews of casinoships in 2000
Abramoff was delivered out of a site of waiting reporters and camera crews and his arrivals announced in a two-pronged
Staff statement by prison representative the part of the camp where Abramoff will be kept always going to be held in camp good
Is a 334 bed minimum security facility located in Iran industrial park along north branch of the Potomac River
Abramoff to the Guilty and January and lying to lying on financial statements and
Creating phony documents to persuade lenders to back a bid for some crews
Abramoff has been cooperating with prosecutors in a wide ranging justice department inquiry of bribery and influence peddling in the federal government
He could hold a key to a sweeping corruption case involving Congress members of the Bush administration and their aides
And prosecutors had put in their starwaters behind bars would impede the investigation
But a Miami federal judge refused to delay the sentence many Abramoff's cooperation will have to continue from prison
Where he'll be inmate number yadi yadi his lawyers had no comment
Got his inmates number on here if you want to communicate with him no
Oh, I'm good. Thanks. Are you good? Yeah
Josh is going to watch max point tonight and give us a report to our it's like doing a book report for school, you know
I watched the American dad last night and I thought it was just fine. It was a funny as long as it was great. Mm-hmm. It took a chest
Stuff that needs to be said right and this and you know, I thought it was only me
You know, I'm sure not only me, but this thing would log cabin Republicans. It's like news for Jesus
You know, it's like blacks for the clan. It just doesn't make any sense by favorite people with a death wish
Did you like his little play his Abraham Lincoln play? Yeah
And how come he blinking got involved now? Yeah, oh, yeah, that was cute
Lot of deep significance in that thing. It's really deep. Mm-hmm
Kind of like what's going on a QA him. It's very very deep and I wish you'd quit picking on poor Kenny
Not personal
It's not picking on him. I would like to see him do the kind of show that I know he wants to do
Yeah, and everyone's a that you would listen to
Or anybody else for that matter. It's more important that other people want to listen to it. Oh, no
You're thinking a sparing person. Yeah, it's business and I think somebody's gonna be taking a personal
And then you know what's gonna happen if they fail
Because of your negativity. I'm not what it's gonna take the money. Oh that Neil he makes sure everybody else fails
You know he wouldn't support Chuck Meyer in that great morning show on i.o. D in uh, yeah
No, support the music on Zeta right
I hope everybody on the station gets double digit numbers in the ratings
Because it makes more money for us. I mean, what would you rather be would you rather be like I'm a Titanic and trying to hang on for dear life
Or would you rather be like on you know some luxury cruise ship that's like
Save them along with us everybody's gonna happy song. I want all to have a hundred share. There you go
All day every day all day
That's like woodbinds open and you realize that the slots at Gulfstream
I believe if we had a report of there we would know for sure
But if we had any buddy fax the same thing
No, probably take a collar to on it, but i'm sure we won't get any
And i don't want i don't want to go there you know i'm saying i don't want to have to be that desperate to open up and start taking calls to find out what to deal
But they've been open an hour and a half almost and the world is still spinning the sun is shining here
How about the sun is shining there?
Yes somewhere somewhere
Yeah, and the birds are still and look at that it's a 48 degrees here already. It's gonna be 50 how do you like that?
Mm-hmm that toasty it is and there's a little bit of sunshine for the first time in days there's actually the sun is up there
You know what's gonna happen on friday
Well, we're gonna get some ice cream and um maybe some weenies right what do you mean maybe some weenies well i don't know
Yes, stop crannies
This is 2020 George the Republicans had their ass-handed to the turn the election
Here's a recording of what dick said during his campaign the president of the united states is dishonest
President of the united states purposely
This led the american people. What do you think about that dick channey
Man and a faithful Muslim
Well, George we got a surprise for you here's dick channey himself from George dick. What do you do with that?
Baby girl dick channey's and ass
You do it George
I don't want to do you with it. Are you crazy?
I'm the guy who pulled a crazy shot the president of the united states
I went there dick channey can
Tonight on 2020
All right 131 at 560 some really interesting editing in that bin I know this
Mm-hmm. I didn't do that. I'm a reporter that wasn't what am I I know
232 votes. What do you mean by that? I thought it was just fine. It's just uh, you know
A little hot a little bit of the blur in the exercises. I thought it was on been around like a drill
Ed fully the father of former representative markfully died last night
How do you like that? Well, I don't
The cause isn't known yet, but Ed fully was diagnosed with cancer in 2004
Mark fully let's see. He's still said to be in a rehab facility in Arizona undergoing treatment for alcohol and behavior
Relish you fairy in 2004 when fully dropped out of the race for US Senate
He cited is father's recent cancer diagnosis as the reason he's always been there for me
I have to be there for him fully said at the time and now he's in rehab
Miss fully
As we turn another page
In the history of the in the tragic history of the fully family I guess
That bad then bad taste turning another page. What a over
From 132 votes we could have made 13 today easy, but why to help put a lot of fresh Iran, huh? That's right
Just ease into what man ease into what he's out of it
Senator Jew Lieberman the now independent Democrat from Connecticut could be the most powerful member of the US Senate
According to a front page article that was in today's
Edition of the New York Times
It's hard to imagine how Lieberman could have emerged better from last week selection wrote Mark Liebervich
It was reelected comfortably in the Democratic party
He still belongs to is now the majority if that majority is slim enough to turn Lieberman into arguably the Senate's most influential member
You know anybody out there's got an influential member. I've actually that Brady Quinn's got an influential member
Leave of its notes that if Lieberman relieved the Democratic party this end would effectively be under Republican control because
Under constitution rules vice president Dick Cheney gets to cast tie breaking votes
It was very painful for him to have all these people he thought were his friends and braces opponent
Winnie equally Winnie GOP Senator Susan Collins is quoted as saying
Kines Moss Winnie Susan Collins or Jew Lieberman
Now not only is he reelected resoundingly, but he's also the key to which party controls the Senate she was Winnie
But we ever find are they I think they're in a nonstop spot
On MSNBC. I don't think they're ever going to go or am I on sadness? I don't know where I'm out. I want to see if redesign your girlfriend
Timing
About the supporters unknown untested and unfamiliar Democratic challenger netta Lamont received from the senators parties allies
Well the reason that Lamont got this for is that he isn't Jew Lieberman
He's not a turncoat
He's not a storage bush looking
Right wing is real firster lunatic
I would say that Jew Lieberman is the Wolf Blitzkrieg of politics and the Wolf Blitzkrieg is the Jew Lieberman of so-called journalism
I use the term very loosely
Despite being disappointed with Karl Roe's election performance
President Bush is agreed to keep his chief political advisor for the remainder of his administration
administration sources said Mr. Oversaut to stay with Bush until the end of his presidency
The sources said despite pressure on the president to be shuffle his staff for next year Mr. Bush wants Mr. Roe
by his side
He knows too much source said
The last thing the president wants is another published memoir and book tour of life inside the White House
Wouldn't that be sweet I'd buy that one
The sources said Mr. Bush was unhappy with the failure of Roe's election strategy
Which focused on national security
It said the GOP defeat would probably lead to a different relationship between the two men
For his part the president appeared to blame Roe for the Republican Party's election strategy
Based on the notion that there would be no significant swing vote
In a jocular tone that accompanied a steely gaze
Bush portrayed himself as working the campaign circuit while Roe sat in the White House strategizing
I obviously was working harder in the campaign than he was Bush said a roe
Would have stupid as a dumbbell laugh when I grin
The sources said Mr. Roe would be the exception to plans for an overall administration shakeup
They said the resignation of defense secretary Dom Marumsel to launch a wave of departures from the White House
As part of an effort to ensure cooperation with the Democratic-led Congress
The goal here is survival of GOP strategists
It's kind of like us here at QA and the goal of survival
And now that we got Greg Reed back into building with his zoot suit on all the time over to our pound 96 allegedly going to straighten their act out
Maybe get some of that rigatoning music off the air that Tanner is killing him with
Can you believe that talk about a bad penny what did they say about a bad penny always showing back? Yeah, no something like that
As a result the president of vision's cooperation with the Democratic-controlled Congress
In addition such as Iraq and immigration the sources said the administration domestic agenda highlighted by social security reform and tax cuts would be
Sheld as the Democrats seek to reverse the achievements of the outgoing GOP like the achievements my ass
I think this ends 26 years of hard-right conservative said senator Joe Biden to Delaware referring to last week's election
He's also I think they closed the book on that to which we say all right. Thanks God
Close the book on a baby. I'll close it too hard it might bleed
1241 votes on the pool
Let's see how they're doing
Which religious group is the most malignant born again Christians 596 almost half 48%
I think we're alienating the born again Christians just like you're alienating our good friends in the morning show there
G
Born again Christians 596 Muslims 316
But that's not even close not even close the born again. They got almost half of the votes and the Muslims only a little over quarter 25.4%
Scientologists about 105 which I think that's more than they're actually our Scientologists
How many how many members do you think they have worldwide a worldwide?
I know third man million. I hate this pull 94 7 and a half percent which we take great umbridge and
We're pretty piot about that not
Catholic 66 just edging out narrowly orthodox Jews with the big hats and the tephilin and the long beards and all the schmothas on
64 for the orthodox Jews the real ultra far-bison
Out of 1243 votes not too shabby not bad not spectacular
But like I said, I think I think now in the holidays are here. Of course everybody's out shopping
Am I right? Oh, yeah, don't we like moving to a different gear now from from this point to the end of the year till after New Year right high gear
We're into a different gear
And I think basically the good philosophy like you said a little while ago is we'll just show up when we feel like it is the mood strikes us, you know
If we feel like we're obligated to be here on a given day then we'll all show up if not maybe one or two of us won't show up
And then if none of us you know if we happen to get up on you know like our buyer rhythms are all the same on a given day nobody shows up
And then then they can stick an eye sports show in there from 10 to 2 for a while right like they want to and then clearance will say
Wow did you hear that that was really great now that fag talk
I got news for a man
I know more about Brady Quinn and all your sports people put together
Okay, he could play on my team and the fact that I'm rooting for Notre Dame when I see them play that that is disgusting
Just like me rooting for michigan when Tom Brady was playing it and that is disgusting as a Spartan from Michigan state
Even though I think I attended about eight classes there, but nevertheless
To be rooting for teams just because they got a real hot quarterback that is the ultimate in fagory and I confess to it readily and enthusiastically and very happily
You know I'm saying what he said. I don't care
Love Notre Dame maybe what what's how does that fight song go Notre Dame fight song Josh how's that go
Thank you
Very good George is a big good name fan the fighting area touchdown Jesus
21 till 2 at 560 WD QMC and the clearest things we don't do sports on issue you silly queen you you silly little pucy decriminalized pot in Florida
oh
You
I'm dying, I'm dying, I hope to join in the morning.
I hope to join tonight.
I hope to join in the afternoon.
It makes me feel alright.
Alright.
I hope to join this time of week.
And do the same for all.
I hope to join before I come to join.
And then I drop to more.
Oh my daddy, he wants to meet a newbie hardworking man.
And my mother, he wants to meet a newbie as you can.
The same one day I met him, I came for me and said,
You're fair, hard work, good and hard work, fine.
But first take care of him.
So now I hope to join when I get up.
In the car I hope to join.
I hope to join when I play video game.
And at every 10,000 boys I hope to join.
I hope to join this time of week.
And do it time of war.
I hope to join before I come to join.
And then I hope to more.
Oh my daddy, he wants to meet a newbie hardworking man.
And my mother, he wants to meet a newbie as you can.
The same one day I met him, I came for me and said,
You're fair, hard work, good and hard work, fine.
But first take care of him.
That's why I hope to join in the morning.
I hope to join tonight.
I hope to join in the afternoon.
It makes me feel alright.
Oh right.
I hope to join this time of week.
And do it time of war.
I hope to join before I come to join.
And then I hope to more.
Oh, to join.
That's what I do.
Oh, to join.
So then hope to join with me at any morning.
Oh, to join.
So then hope to join with me at noon.
Oh, to join.
Hey, what's your father and love to join?
So we'll bother you or home or home.
Oh, to join.
I know you want to say that.
Oh, to join.
Oh, to join.
Oh, to join.
148 at 560 WQM just minutes away from the Jim Mandacho.
Mr. Mad Dog at two.
And then of course, Mr. Mad Dog and Mr. Humber at four to five
with the power hour, hang from five to seven.
Then we got a bunch of hurricanes to.
Craig Mesh is in for Eddie K.
It's in a clock tonight with a little Mishmash because Eddie K is not a way to Vegas.
And he liked that.
What a deal.
Can you see me doing my show from Vegas?
Why not?
Let's do that.
How about when I do my show from Woodbind, Mon?
Right.
I'm my favorite machine.
I don't think so.
A former telemarketers agreed to plead guilty neighbor public and phone jamming plot against new hamster Democrats four years ago.
Sean Hanson.
I wonder if he was one of the Hansons.
I don't you dare.
Who do you even think about?
Don't write up.
Don't.
Don't do it.
I can't say either.
I'll read it.
Sean Hanson faces.
I told you there was one good song they had when he was like pounded on the piano and I remember the video and it was pretty good.
You make me find it now.
You don't have it.
You already told me you ain't got it.
Sean and I'm the audience is very grateful that you ain't got it.
Sean Hanson faces two federal council conspiracy to commit interstate telephone harassment in a deal with prosecutor.
There's no sentencing they was posted.
In 2002, Hanson owed my low enterprises.
I wonder if that's kin with my low Hamilton, the baseball announcer.
And I know hotel marketing company prosecutor say we see $2,500 to place hundreds of hang up telephone calls to Democratic get out the vote phone banks and a ride to the pool line run by Manchester's firefighters union.
Three former Republican officials were convicted in the phone jamming plot.
Former state Republican committee executive director Chuck McGee, served seven months in federal prison after admitting to devising the scheme.
He devised it.
Did it.
Chuck McGee, I wonder if he was kind of Frank McGee used to be on NBC news.
Remember him with the glasses Frank McGee?
Of course you know, no.
He was on the, you know, he died before you were like born.
Frank McGee.
I wonder if he was kind of fibromy gay.
Who?
1260, 1260.
There it is again, WAMLM and Albie Michigan.
Maybe I'll go to Albion.
Maybe I'll go back there to close out my career.
Wouldn't that be great?
What?
Right back where you started from?
I didn't start there.
I started in Batavia, New York, Mr. W.
Batavia.
That's where you're going.
I think I should go back there.
Uh-huh.
Go to the track, Batavia Downs.
Pope John Paul the Tooth on a fast track to St. Hood.
Oh my gosh.
This is just, I don't know, one of those where you don't know what it will laugh or cry, you know.
All of the Catholics are just barely edging out the Orthodox Jews on our Malignant Pool.
Like I said, a lot of this audience is going to overlook many, many years of butchering and molesting and all those things, you know.
Sure.
Small potatoes.
That's right.
The Vatican could soon be stowed, say to what is it again?
He could soon be stowed, say to the Pope John Paul the Tooth, the Slab on a slab.
The late part of his believed to have had a hand in two divine interventions,
led to the miraculous recoveries of terminal ill-patients.
Oh, right.
Wow.
He heals the sick.
The Vatican is currently investigating claims made earlier this month that a man was miraculously cured of lung cancer that doctors said was beyond remedy.
The man's wife attributes the recovery to an intercession by Pope Paul John Paul the Tooth who died in April of last year.
The apparently wondrous healing of Nicola Grippov, Solerno Italy, is not the first posthumous miracle attributed to Carol Joseph Wajscilla, the former Polar's Pope.
Following a second miracle assigned to the Pope earlier this year, the development could help to fast track John Paul Tooth's path to Saint John.
It reminds me of, it's like the British with all these nightings of Sir John and Sir Propriatured and Sir Alessandro Pratt.
Sir Paul Pratt.
The Vatican's congregation for the causes of saints casually known as the Saint Factory.
It's also looking to claim that John Paul the Tooth interceded on behalf of a French nun who was incapacitated by Parkinson's disease.
Oh, where is he now that we need to have Michael Z. Fox and Rush Limbaugh need him, straight in that problem out, that debate.
After members of our community prayed for the intercession of the deceased Pope who during his lifetime, it suffered from the same degenerative disease.
The elderly woman experienced a complete lasting recovery.
He was already dead. How do you like that? Now that's the same.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh yeah.
Similarly, Grypah's wife, Elizabeth, says that after she prayed to Pope John Paul the Tooth on behalf of her ailing husband,
what Silla appeared to her in a dream holding a small child in his hand and walking on a road of white cobblestones.
Mr. Grypah told Rush stop a newspaper. The 76 year old man was diagnosed with cancer three years ago and doctors told him the tumors which inspired him as long as kidney and spine were inoperable and would soon kill him.
Archbishop Gerardo Piano brought the case to the Vatican after he learned the medically inexplicable recovery from doctors at San Leonardo Hospital in Salerno.
The recovery is lasted. He told Il Martino newspaper November the second and a year and a half later the inexplicable remains confirmed.
It was a prodigious innovation, a miracle of the first order Piedro said. How do you like that?
A prodigious intervention, not just a regular pedestrian or an ordinary intervention, a prodigious one.
I heard you say that.
A prodigious.
Where did he stick it? That's the question.
Correct him.
I mean the first time.
So anyway, OJ has got the book coming out in November 30th if I did it and what a...
Seriously, there are some things that just leave you limp.
You know what I mean?
It leaves you so weak that you just need to want to...
You don't want to dignify them with a response.
You know, like, what's it to say?
And the best part of it is that a bunch of idiots are going to go out there and buy it.
You know what I mean?
Oh yeah, they will.
And he'll make sure he'll...
Like these crazy people in that story, I just got through reading you about the miracles.
The pub came to them in a dream. He was holding a small child.
Maybe Mark Foller is going to come to them in a dream holding a child.
Maybe not quite that small.
It's David!
Oh ho, if I ever need a child.
Absolutely.
At 560 WQA.
Hi, this is OJ.
Since I've been released from jail, I like to keep track of my bitches.
So I recommend to you, new OJ Simpson's bitch jack for women.
Believe me, brothers, you won't get jack with bitch jack.
Just a tad to a small homie device, the old bitch's leg.
And you can track her all around town.
And just in case she jeetting, she'll get a beaten.
You see, when your woman be messing around, new bitch jack for women
Let's out an inaudible beefing sound, and only you can hear.
And once they catch her, she's all yours.
Excuse me, Mr. Simpson. We tracked down your old lady with a white man.
What shall we do with her?
Wow, thank you, officer.
I'll handle this.
You bitch.
Don't you know I'm tracking you with bitch jack?
I'ma cut your throat, you bitch. I'ma shoot you.
So remember, your hold won't get very far with OJ Simpson's new bitch jack for women.
Hey, just because OJ is free, don't mean your bitches got to be free too.
Bitch, yeah.
Bye, bye, bye.
