It's Friday, you're fasting.
It's a life I am not, but not for you.
President Bush has been feeling a bit of a chill recently
from conservatives in his own party.
But today he's going to speak out
in support of a hot button issue that will please his base.
It's a ban on gay marriage.
Where is the help when we need a supposed...
Bush is down in the polls and Republicans are down in the polls.
They need something.
A rack of the mess and help coverage is lost.
As soon as he started eroding the foundation of marriage,
there's no place for him to stop.
They tell me gas prices are here to stay.
They tell me my job has gone away.
A police don't tell me that I'm on.
This is nothing more than discriminatory,
imagining the device of one.
All it to shoot is trying to hit a new low.
To take people's attention away from the real issues.
The president has one issue he knows.
This is an highly unlikely to actually be successful in its end.
He tells me marriage is on the line.
As gay soul and love, it's armageddon time.
You felt that on me that same old song.
Because it's hard about it while the world's going down.
Take the things on the edge that just can go around.
To say you won't hold on in my grace in our crimes.
A marriage was then and now it's a tie.
You've had a mistake.
The homeless are a rice.
The ones who ain't got help.
It's all been this time for political gain.
That's the USA.
They need something that their face can be excited about
heading into November right now.
They don't have a lot.
Yeah, that's it.
Yeah, it's not interesting in that, but they get really
ballsy now.
I get the Christians aroused.
I'm surprised they didn't say the goyam.
I think that's next week's disc.
That's pretty ballsy.
Yeah, I'd say so.
Is Tommy with us today or what we got?
Yep, I'm here.
Tommy's there.
He's not too excited today because I mean, after yesterday,
we haven't we topped that.
Well, we got bagels this morning as well.
I mean, we're doing that.
That's fine, but after Ruth Chris, I mean, you know,
it's all downhill.
Small potatoes, so to speak.
Now, what does this mean?
Possible college world series where Keynes games starting at 1015?
That would be great.
Is that just wishful thinking?
We love the Hurricanes.
Come on, let's go.
Let's get that college world serious on air with Joe Zagaki.
Joe Zagaki.
Come on, Joe.
Anyway, we got nothing but bad news this morning.
Well, I mean, it's not bad news that Richa has been on air
50 years, but it's bad news that I tried calling in because Joe Johnson,
my old buddy, semi and ice facts yesterday.
Still a little magic doing a voiceovers or whatever he's doing.
And he gives me a phone number for me to call in and say,
hi, I can gradually reach.
So 825 this morning,
I've created all my bodily functions and everything.
825.
I go in there and pick up my phone.
I call the number.
Give me that.
When I realize that the bottom, he's also got Joe Johnson.
My direct line is got the same phone number.
So obviously he screwed up because there was nothing but his voicemail picked up.
And I left him a message saying, you idiot.
You jackass.
You're fairy.
You know, because I'm trying to talk to Ricky Tickey.
So congratulations, Ricky Tickey.
50 years, man.
He is legendary.
He's always his cap and he's a survivor.
He is a legend in South Florida.
I wouldn't be surprised while these days that you folks run into me and Rick
Shaw together with the early bird dinner.
We're both reaching that point in life.
Wouldn't that be great?
We could set that up ahead of time.
All the old toes we get hanked there.
Although we don't want to hank it the early bird because he might eat the whole thing out.
That would not be a good idea.
We get to Eddie K there.
I don't know how old Eddie.
Did we go through this once before?
Yes, we did.
No, boy.
And mad dog, which you guys thought he was like about what?
Not third man.
He's pushing 60 man.
That ought to be our new billboard campaign.
In fact, we're starting to fit in with South Florida with the landscape old.
We are ancient and we're proud of it.
We're survivors.
I'll tell you something who's not a survivor.
And that's my, well, he'll be a survivor in the long run.
My good friend Dick Feinberg at Pompe no Park got some bad news this morning from Steve
Wolf at Pompe no.
That thick has been replaced as the headhands you at Pompe no Park.
The bring in the guy named Doug Shipley.
Who's got 26 years experience in the gaming industry for the I love Capri with a race.
No operation coming up.
I guess next spring.
They said.
So I was nothing but the best of Dick Feinberg.
We're a voicier great guy.
Not related to Joel Feinberg.
I'm sure you want to make sure that I pass that along.
But what a good guy has been very good to me for these last many, many years now.
The super guy real men.
So that's the way the cookie's crumbled.
That's in every business man.
The better job you do, the bigger screwing you yet.
And I wish nothing but the best for Dick and his family.
Good guy.
And then the bummer starts this is my last day before vacation and then the summer schedule.
And we start with all kinds of crap.
Hey, got a bunch of downers here.
Yeah, it's not only knows what it's going to be next.
Good, golly Miss Molly.
Well, let's see.
We got some more bad news from Iraq.
Let's get that out of the way right off the bat.
That's part of our.
That's part of the game game plan.
Get that out of the way real quickly.
Forget about it.
Like the voice people just forget about it.
Everything's going really well, not.
I mean, after he was over there the other day with that photo off.
And after they killed the Al Zarkawi, you think that things are just smelling like roses now.
A Shiite mosque in Northwestern Baghdad that saw dozens of deaths in a series of suicide
bombings two months ago was struck again today.
Oh my God.
A suicide bomber wearing an explosives belt attack the Beratha mosque during Friday.
Prayers no less while all those guys were kneeling on their magic carpets killing 11 and wounding 25.
The tech took place at 415 this morning, our time during a vehicle band designed the force that's violence during Friday prayers.
So I guess the vehicle band didn't work the way they plan.
Definitely not.
Then sound like it.
Well, I guess the best laid plans of my son man.
What are we going to do about that?
Joe Johnson thing that really frosted my ass.
I mean, I was all whipped up and excited about.
Yeah, I was going to say a whole lot.
A Rick called in my 30th anniversary show called in here.
Of course, I guess he knew the bat line.
Nobody gave him the wrong number or maybe just called in the call their regular line.
I see.
Well, I don't know what the regular lines are magic.
I mean, it's not a talk station.
So I don't have no idea how I would have done that.
Did I make a bad mistake here by not?
No, it's not your fault.
He put the time to write out a fact and yeah, Joe Johnson took it.
It's pretty lengthy facts to it goes on a great length.
And he gives me a number to call it.
It's like a dead end.
You know, it was very actually called again thinking maybe the producer would pick it up for something.
It's still Johnson's direct line.
I have to call that line back again later and leave him a caustic message saying you.
You fairy really screwed up bad Joe.
Call it right now.
Huh?
Should I?
Sure.
No, we are not going to do that.
When Ricky Tickie's already off the air.
I don't want to talk to Joe Johnson.
I want to talk to Ricky Tickie Shaw man.
50 years on the air and well, not not in this market, but like in radio.
It's over 40 years in this market.
But I just read.
I was just reading an article he wrote many, many moons ago by 1956 and WQAM in the fact that they had a.
54 share from seven of midnight, which is more than all the other stations combined.
How do you like that?
And here we are 50 years later.
We still got the same number at night only with a decimal point in front of it.
That amazing.
Oh, it's amazing.
Wouldn't it have been something if we had had a 56 year for Q 56?
That would have been good.
That would have been really snappy.
Well, there's a Congressman, William Jefferson, at least temporarily.
Congressman with a 90 grand in his freezer.
They bumped him off that committee faster than you can say, boy, cold hard cash.
Here's the a factor.
Who do you think is the most and we're going to make a thousand votes again today that at least is a positive.
You can pick you can bet anybody's life on that.
You can bet Joe Johnson's life on it.
850 62 already man are coming in and chunks today.
I don't understand that.
How about those heat, baby?
Oh man, they didn't just win last night.
They just cremated the matter.
All the action.
Had one by 24.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah, they're white hot man, especially that with that icy sleeve.
I think that's what put them over the top was the icy sleeve.
I heard that Dwayne Wade was wearing the icy hot patch on his.
That's what I heard.
Got them all fired up.
Here's that povers off from yesterday.
Who do you think is the most self-hating gay celebrity or politician?
And again, we're only assuming that some of these people are gay because I don't think that.
Are any of these people out of the closet?
Well, yeah, Andy Sullivan.
What a jackass he is.
And the Mr. Antel and Mary Cheney.
So there's some of them and colder 496 blood.
They hate that bitch or what?
Their hand with despiser.
She got like over 36% all the votes.
What's the like older with that big Adam's apple and a deep voice and hate just just spewing a hate.
Tom Cruise 272.
Although I got an interesting story if I ever get around to doing these stories.
They've had a way to hold thing and brow it about the school test results.
Bogas.
Yeah.
Coming to find I knew that sounded too good to be true.
You know, I said didn't like get too carried away.
Getting all over on that.
Yeah.
Hey, it's me.
Cruise Tom Cruise bounced to the top of the Starless.
He's the world's number one star.
According to Forbes annual celebrity 100 power list based on earnings and buzz.
Bzzz.
Earnings and buzz.
I'd like to have under his ass like in the lecture.
When you like to see that fire up old Sparky up there and start again and fry his phony.
Faggot.
Yes.
Tommy Cruz.
Anyway, he got 272 votes.
I hate this poll 163.
Mad Fudge.
She got 127 from the world famous Fudge report.
Condra Leaser had 115.
Mary Cheney the best president's bull-dike daughter had under 112.
And after that boy talk about small pickens slim pickens Charlie Chris to wants to be the first Republican gay governor of Florida 25 votes.
Mark Foley the current member of the house.
Current Congressman Mark Foley upon beach County 23 for her.
Andrew Sullivan.
In fact, Andrew was on at I saw about three seconds of it last night.
Larry King had a panel about.
Gays and religion and this get you in that get you.
He had about 85 different guests on the panel.
He's got to say four words.
And he had the as flaming Andrew Sullivan on their 18 votes.
Who was going out about Jesus and the Catholic church and oh my God.
And then Alice Rantell is tied with Andrew Sullivan.
Same person I believe 18 for Alice.
No malice, but what's going on with Alice out of almost 1400 votes.
That exciting.
And a Marlins you know something that he kicked the ass last night and a Marlins won their fifth in a row.
Three to two they beat the Braves they swept the series.
Yes, they don't read blessed here in South Florida.
Definitely.
No, I tell the two teams lose again.
That will be cursed, but I can never get that call out of my mind.
It was a call to the mad dog from some jackass after FSU in a hurricane at the dolphins.
It both won big games in the same weekend on a Saturday and Sunday.
It sure enough Monday afternoon.
Here's a call to the mad dog Jim.
Aren't we blessed down here itself?
I brought out more on Jesus.
I'm surprised.
Man did to go to his house to beat the crap out of beat the living snout out of the sky.
And then of course it was only a couple of weeks later when both teams lost big games on the same weekend too.
And the guy did not call back to say boy are we cursed down here or what?
Like that.
I mean if that's the barometer of living in an area how good your sports teams do.
You know that we like saying hey let's all move to Raleigh.
I mean you know I'm sure that Jolly Raleigh Joe would recommend it highly.
Let's all move to Raleigh because look at those Carolina Hurricanes.
They're a game away from the Stanley Cup and they've been in the finals two or the last three years.
It's played nothing could be finer than to get out of Carolina.
You talk about Fony boy.
That's one reason I'm rooting against them.
Even though I love my buddy Ray Whitney and he's having a good series.
But it's just it's just so obnoxious you know you look at any regular season game in that place and it's you could go bowling in the stands
and nobody get in your way worse than here.
Much much much much worse than there.
I mean it's just like nothing.
There's one of those deals where they announced the attendance eighty seven hundred something like three thousand people there.
So now the stands are packed and they're all hysterical and after they lost and over time they have a night.
People were sitting around little kids were crying because the Hurricanes lost the game.
They were sitting there crying.
What are we going to do?
Oh my god.
I'll tell you one thing that they could probably do.
You could not talk about it.
Let them out.
Yeah exactly.
What kind of little pansy kids sit around or cry because their team lost again.
So the idea that because you know our teams win or lose if that has something to do with the quality of life and a given.
Geographic area sonon sensitive managers.
It flies in the face of common sense.
It's just idiotic.
I mean think about great sports franchises like I'm trying to think about what ones that might have been like the Dallas Cowboys in Tom Landry.
Remember all those years of course you know but you're going to read about them.
Yes.
Was that mean Dallas is a great place to live.
I kind of doubt it.
There are probably other examples Buffalo Sabers had a big year this year.
Anybody want to live in Buffalo.
Oh my god.
That I'd rather be dead.
You know think about places where you'd rather.
No seriously you'd rather be dead than living blank.
You know that'd be good pool someday.
That would be a great pool.
Buffalo would definitely get my vote.
Oh my goodness.
I mean maybe even for Donut would be too better to pew or hamburger at least they got a racetrack but Buffalo 1013 at 560 WQM this afternoon or two.
Oh again.
Gildi is a mika suki golf and country club Gildi.
Swicken out the hits.
My dog at gaspies and day before to seven.
Oh a solid three hours because it's Friday because the Marlon game notes start till 735 Marlins on decades seven of Marlins hosty Toronto Blue Jays.
Oh and didn't I tell you the blue Jays are only a couple of games out of first behind a red socks and Yankees.
I told you that and I looked at the standings yesterday and I was right.
That's great.
If you follow the baseball game.
That's great.
I'm sure they won't be you know in another month.
What makes you say that because you know about the Toronto Blue Jays mister huh.
Well I know they're the Toronto Blue Jays you wouldn't know a holiday from Johnny holiday Roy.
So who do you like better Johnny holiday or Rick Shaw.
So those phony radio names man Rick Shaw Johnny holiday Johnny dark.
We got we got that one jingle that we can't we certainly can't play now but I might.
Johnny I said oh quick finger.
How do you like that?
I bet you got a little little lump in your throat there for a second.
I did.
I got a little worried.
1014 at 560 WQM if you're a cigar smoker speaking of a big lump in your throat and you like to kick back with a good premium Stogi.
Then the he is cigar is by Tony Brahani is for you.
These are the finds the guards are made with first grade tobacco processed and aged up to 10 years.
But he is a real boutique cigar maker specializing in small batch hard to find tobacco.
But he a gold flagship line gets a 91 rating by cigar fishing out of cigar insider and 9.1 rating by Schmok magazine.
This rich flavored web balance full body Nicaragua when cigars got earthy hints of dark roast coffee chocolates,
Fice and pepper flavors also be sure to check out there be here the sale.
It's the hottest release of our last 10 months of the sale gets a high rating of 91 by cigar fishing out of cigar insider.
A powerful cigar with complex notes of leather earth and pepper it'll tear your kishkis out.
The finishes long and full body with additional spice and noted charge wood one of these within five minutes
You'll be coughing and choking life stand major.
If you want to say 40% off the price of all your be here cigars call us toll free number until that old Niroger
Toady to call and underlying the old part 1 800 we are old here at QNN.
We're proud of it ancient we're on the verge of death 1 835 be here.
That's 1 800 3 5 VAH I a this is meal Roger what solid this is 5 16 Q a
Now
It's been rough my intuition that the ratings and diet now well I don't
I show you what a big ass say that I was to your end how.
Welcome.
Oh
it's
Outcomes
Say
lol
20 past 10 so it's big enough pull by the way that's number one with four bullets already our QM
Hit a meter. Oh, is that right? Sun sentals taking a pull many schools around South Florida received noticeably higher grades from the state as a result of this year's
F-Cat testing you think the F-Cat is improve public education in South Florida schools. They've got 4,700 roughly votes so far
21% say yes 70 and a half percent say no and 8 and a half percent say
Like that and of course those 8 and a half percent of probably products of South Florida schools
But at any rate it just we'll get to that in a minute after we get to limiting the fact that Joe Johnson's immediate
Now I feel bad about that you know not too many field I feel bad about Dick Fiber getting screwed over pomp and apart
Because he's a great guy. He's been a super guy to me and in Rick Shaw, you know 50 years on here
I'm not really sure maybe he was 50 years in South Florida
I mean how the hell could he be anyway, right man? You could ask them if you
If I might have asked him that or we could look back at that original jikapiece that puff piece that went on for about 85 pages
They're the Harold Shine rich Shaw back at my 30th anniversary the Harold Kevin Baxter
Give me nice article in jikah shine me this time was the other way around
So Rick, I guess that's the way it goes one of the papers will give you like a little tip of the cap
So to speak and the other one will shine you just ignore you like who's that?
What how many ever do you know something like that because he writes in that column
I read that article about about South Florida radio
1956 and QM that would be 50 years ago. I don't know if he was there 50 years ago on this radio station
You think during the next break
I'm gonna Google that other article again and that jikah wrote and see what the deal is because if it's 50 years in this market
That that's just more than I can deal with but that would make him just too old wouldn't that yeah
Because he certainly didn't start in this market
He started like I forget where the hell article study started like is some kind of a to fill in as a kid
So he's got to be older than I am boy. You're sure getting old Rick
I'd clean that cap once before it takes a nap with you man. That's clean it out get that thing dry cleaned
He actually wears that thing. Yeah, you know, it's not just a prop. I think he sleeps with it
Have you ever seen him in person? No, I don't believe the cap I'm talking about don't you? Yeah
He wears that like it like to those dolphin games. I was talking about today when I'd see him every Sunday
He wears those that cap. He wears it. Well, I'm sure he keeps it clean
Cover up that ball spot well second one thing is better than that must wear somebody I know used to wait
Don't don't don't want to cover up a big ball spot. Don't worry dead enemy. Well, that's bad. Thanks
WQ I am hello. Neil how you doing? Okay, sir. Yeah, I came across something in sports illustrious
I almost fell out of my chair when I read it
It was about the finals the hurricanes new oilers. Yeah, did you know that cam orders? It's about Christian
We love the oiler
That's it. Not just so long again. Well, why would they write such crap here?
It was an article about the invisible. He's got that bad complexion. I want the fees to vote and how come the oil is one
He earned the oiler one. He won a couple of games
Maybe when he kisses the Stanley Cup, he can praise Jesus. Maybe he's gonna point to the sky and say thank you guys for the cup
Thank for bless you Jesus
You'll have a great summer thanks for the good news. I'm really pretty or was now we love the oilers come on
Let's go. Let's take some hours. You see marketing. You see's played pretty damn good for a to fill in
Desperate situation here. Okay. Let's not get hockey intensive now realize that the
Let's see that game is not tonight at tomorrow. I mean, oh, yeah. Oh, what do you know about it?
You don't know nothing about that. I'll have to go to the NHL channel
Well, they wouldn't play on a Friday. They play Saturday hockey night in Canada that kind of crap
I mean, I did tell you I saw the the overtime goal
Yeah, you know what here's
Oh, I said taking in the figure skater that the appendages used to have used to do those big figure rates
Air every game around and around and around
I hate him man that need a little piece of crap anyway, we'll find out about that
I will also find out about Ricky taking sure so we already got a lot of things to figure out here
Including why we got that on every day
WQ I am hello
Morning, yeah, sir
That news I can
Good news. I can't handle it. No, I'm just we are the third year bad news about thick fineberg
I had a chance to
Meet him with the organization for which I worked and we're starting a bit of a partnership with them over part
I'm gonna park right if he's a great guy. He's a real
He's a real great guy mentioned you on a couple of occasions and you know, we're never good last over it
When when does this take effect now really now? Okay, I thought you mentioned the effect like next spring
No, no, I said they're gonna have the slots opposed the light spring but they brought it I got you now
So dick is I guess you know, they wasn't a hostile from what Steve will fill me this morning. Wasn't a hostile
Fire ring rating. You're just they're gonna give me nice severance and pat him on the back and say get rid of those Hawaiian shirts and you know
I'll end on a seat somewhere. Yeah, how do you find?
I'll be alright. Hey, did anybody discuss with you the man colter's George Carlin thing the other day on Leno?
No, I got one call from somebody that said they saw a man colder
But they didn't see Carlin on it. They went out at the same time. Were they now they well Carlin just got off
You know, did his little accident car was real bad too and then he sat down and lose a monologue
I thought it was gonna be some kind of a debate, but that never happened
She came down Carlin's death that I'd never thought I'd ever have to move over to the right, you know
It's a me and I'm cold or moving one seat over and that was it
He kind of shut up the rest of the time she went on with a little
Thank you the usual hate the usual historical hate and about those
Wait all those when I was then you know it's so the stuff that he says is so nauseating. We just want to tear her apart
You know piece by piece you know the any add a lot of her supporters are in the audience and share it and who and how
I mean she says oh here's a little I write this entire book about liberals
I call them godless. They don't have a problem with that
But they have this one thing about the chapter about the New Jersey girls and and Leno
I thought my you know no Leno's never gonna take anybody to task with you
Kind of saying you know, there's a way of saying things viciously and way of saying things matter faculty and you made it things
Vicious I've never done. Don't forget Leno's the guy that introduced Arnold when he was running for governor
California
He was the one padding Arnold on the back. So what look out for him. Yeah, well the show is much to do about nothing
So he didn't miss that exactly where is it usually is which is why I wouldn't watch it if he paid me okay?
Have a great day pal. I'm a box here. How do you like that?
So that's a little bit of good news is I didn't say anything good on that because that's why I wouldn't watch it
Gonna stay up late to watch that crap. I got a box here from somebody that
That gave is giving me correct on our studio line. Well, it's a little bit late now, isn't it?
Well, yeah, but I just figured it was on from the top 30 no 10 on the top of the facts
It says Joe Johnson's beetle brunch. That's right every Sunday. Yeah. Well guess what you'll you scoot out bad
This is 5.69
Why are you faster?
Oh, you can tell your fans you don't like their demands if they have some requests to just say no
And then tell them a tent to tell the management you want nobody missing with your show
You're on content to and when your shift is through tell George you can relax and so some
And then go tell Joe Bell that he can go to hell even almost makes him miss great
But don't play a part the sound of a part
I don't think George would understand no
If you play a part the sound of a part you'll be in trouble with the beastly
Don't play a part
Okay, we won't you can be damn sure that
274 o'clock so in his usual inimitable style jikas column that are reprinted out here about the Rick Shaw
Yeah, you you know, I have to like math in here as opposed to saying hey came to Miami in 19
What are you gonna do that? It's 50 years today that he got his first job at East St Louis Illinois in radio and then let's see
It seemed he lived the gypsy life of somebody in the business for market to market East St. Louis to Omaha Denver all within four years
So if you had four years of that that would be 1960, okay?
Okay, so then he came to C.K.R
Which was the former columners of I would be and I came to say that would be 46 years
Well, I've been in the business 46 years. He's been in South Florida 46 you got me be okay
You silly old man. So there you go Ricky Tickie's been in the market by my math there 46 years
It's a shame you got to extrapolate as opposed to a ticker. We knew how to write a column saying in 1960
Yeah, yeah, I like that, but you got to do the math on it
It's better than doing the math. You know, we're gonna have almost a thousand by a ten by eleven o'clock
We got nine forty six and I just want to out some of these phoneies out there in the audience because Josh and I both had looked at this pool last night
Yeah, I looked at it before the basketball game and the marlins were like you know after the dolphins and hurricanes
And I don't care and hate sports, etc. The marlins were a little bit ahead
And but they heat all of a sudden have jumped ahead of the marlins by 16 votes that all now by yeah 83 to
77 to 6 by 17 votes on that pool which South Florida sports team are you most passionate about and I use it to
Impasson so loosely because in South Florida looking for passion. Oh my god like looking for a needle in a haystack
The only thing they have passionate about is the early bird dinner and hate those are the only two things
Especially hating like well, I hate just about anybody
Dolphins 279 votes was there any doubt about that? No, yeah, none of the above
251 none of them 251 hurricanes football 120
So if you take the dolphins and a keens football and put those together you got
41.9% and other people are really care about sports you got well over 50% so everything else is like small potatoes
I hate sports 83 but I hate
77 your white hot heat oh they kicked some big series Dallas ass last night boy by 24 wasn't it like 98 to 74?
Yeah, see I checked my score. I don't plan the attention in fact
I was checking the score during the game
I didn't turn it on just on the sports channel at the bottom because I don't want to see any of those idiots in the stands acting like real fans
Marlins 60 and the marlins of one five and a row man
They're hosting the Toronto blue jays tonight at 735 you better go over there and check out them blue jays
Panthers only 45 I voted for the Panthers and of course still 45 way way back although I will say this I hate this
Full 23 hurricanes baseball 12 and hurricanes basketball
Solomon Taituno oh no out of 951 votes
So Toronto Uno and that bad it's one that well they needed that on campus or really that was really gonna do it
See that's that's why this whole crap about building a marlins of stadium
This so it's just ridiculous like building the Panthers a new building okay that's that's your turn it around
Isn't it no they never make a playoffs and nobody cares
You have at least the Cains little
Facility the convocation center is you know it only seats like 5000 so
So the more that the Chinese like the Chinese say they have an old saying that describes that building okay
Dr. Xavier Lachenkup you know what that means okay no that means you need like a hole in the head
The Hooter's restaurant chain is looking for FEMA's address
Company chairman Bob Brooks said yesterday that he wants to reimburse the agency for the $200 bottle of Dom Perignon
Champagne that was purchased with a government credit card issued to her came Katrina victims
That nice of him
Sure
The champagne purchased in San Antonio was among numerous examples of improper spending of hurricane
So what's this other fact you got now before I go on with this all right through it away you want me to get it?
No, I mean just give me a summary it would be no joke Johnson facts
I don't know if it was him the the top of the facts that uh, you know beadal brunch Joe Johnson's be well who else would have that is the head of runner of
Facts pretty much but yeah, he was just saying hey, this is the on air number
Well, so it's a little bit late now sweetheart. It's a little bit late now Joe
Yeah, it would have been a nice gesture on my part now
I looked like some hard hard ass like some old son of a bitch, you know
You may be a for you know, I did make the effort. That's why I love the message on his voicemail because that's all I got was
Joe Johnson's vase made up and you got the original law on this you see he's got the
Inside line and the voicemail is both the same number which I didn't notice the first time yeah, yeah
So just prophetic just tragic gel and now you're probably he's probably buzzing and Ricky's here
But I knew a ranger could have called you, but what a bastard he is yeah
Now whatever
Anyway, the champagne purchase in San Antonio was among numerous examples of improper spending of hurricane relief money
Said it earlier this week by the GAO the bogus spending could be as high as 1.4 billion dollars, but who's counting?
An announcement in Atlanta Brooks said if bogus me is an American that resources that were intended to help victims of this tremendous tragedy were spent
This way even if it's in my restaurants, it's still not right if people will let me know where to send the check
I'll get out 200 bucks right away. What a nice guy $200 from Dom Perignon
The $200 is to them. So if you farted right now that that's how much the $200 means to them the Dom Perignon people
So no real expensive bubbly. What's a big deal with champagne anyway? What's the big?
Don't ask me I can't explain it. I just have been able to figure that out
I guess because it's expensive is that what it is therefore an automatically must be good
Shampanya or wine. I don't really get myself. It's for a phony plant as pseudonym and lectures. That's a very sued thing
Sood suit outside of the two kinds of people I go to wine tastings pseudonym and lectures and freeloaders like oh
Henry Barrow. Hey, Henry lose some weight man. You're a good guy, but got last time he came in there. Oh man
Do you ever meet his daughter? No, you order. Yeah, well, she is a knockout
She's beautiful muscle crack the mother very talented young lady and Henry of course you guy
He looked like I think the weight that Ted Kennedy lost Henry founded because Teddy was under this morning with his dog on CNN
I'm not really sure what that was all about, but anyway. He lost a ton. You know what I said?
Sure he didn't 977 votes on the pool
We're gonna be approaching a thousand by the end of the first hour today. This is shocking
You know really amazes that out of me not as good as this line nine on the Eddie line out here WQ. Y.M. Hello
Q. Y.M. Eddie line
Yeah, you know that yes, they're speaking. Oh, I knew I was waiting for you to do a bowl like that, but let me tell you something
I mean the fact that they changed pro player stadium
To dolphin stadium. I mean that's terracy
Yeah, I mean you know miles of one two championships the dolphins haven't done squad
I mean the dolphins want to know what to do with me chips is just a lifetime ago. That's all so a hundred years ago
Yes, exactly. So I'm just thinking to myself, you know, I mean in the force in the more I want to move out
I mean, you know, I just wanted your opinion on that
My opinion on what?
On the fact I mean do you agree with that the fact that the the dolphins are I mean you know they take over everything
That's Wayne man. That's Wayne don't say the dolphins that's Wayne
I organized it. Anything Wayne touches is immediately cancerous. Don't you want to see that?
And the thing that Wayne did I mean he traded Jeff the old all the blue eyes and right bonilla all our good prospects in one day
Yeah, and also and what about what wait a minute what about the current regime okay after uh wait a minute
Just close out a little bit. What about their fire sales that okay too probably not oh
But also um the the patino cut they always play do you fairy what movie was that from is that from dark day?
No, it's from uh Glenn gerry Glenn Ross. That's right. Okay. Thanks. Okay, Sally. All right
Don't be picking on poor Wayne man and don't forget
Bobby's for clothes is on
Where did you learn your trade you idiot?
Whoever told you that you could work with men what's your hired for is to help us does that seem clear to you to help us
To help men who are going out there to try to earn a living your company man you fairy
This is Neil Rogers
Yeah, this is 516 QA
Winner doesn't whistle
Now you are older you still have your hair and your arch die
I heard you was sitting up with her but your wife
It's another day in the life
Last year your rage was
Time to add one more
Let's have a party for pommacardi now we 64
We're all over
I'd like to say these words
Happy
You and the Beatles once were big news John and George are gone
George I can't say done that stuff. They didn't survive good old ringo
I
Holding some weed
Your wife doesn't need you the lawyers will believe you and you're 64 oh my god
Now do you see those photos yet of his extra for alleged to whatever she was x.y
Yes, you have seen them. Yes. Well good
998 votes on the poor why but your time is going to write this down on his wrist
Tommy reminds me a little bit of that guy from a mentor. You know
Why is that I don't know just just that same kind of mentality and I don't know what it is
Maybe too much drugs. I have no idea. What kind of a you can you see the movie momentum?
No, I can't say I did you didn't see that no
Oh, and not only will we get to the DVD but we'll also tell you about the Easter eggs that you have to like
Go what no, no, keep going. I know what you're talking about so you can watch it in chronological order
It's a movie that goes from from if you watch it without the Easter eggs
It goes from the end to the beginning. It's backward. Oh, I remember you and George talking about this. Yeah
It's very good actually
And it keeps writing these notes on his wrist because he has short-term memory loss and he can't remember from one
Minute the next what they'll plan the design, you know, I have a problem kind of car sales department
998 votes. So anyway, we're gonna have a thousand next time I click this on bed. I don't understand a thousand
What what did I tell you? Well, I better go to the track right now. I'll see you. I'm going to woodbine
You're gonna find me a good machine mine
Thousand votes at 11 before 11. We're just breaking record. I don't understand this do you we can break that I put this on at earliest today
Put it on around you know, maybe five thirty six o'clock
Which son full to sports team are you most passionate about?
What is this probably because around that heat band-wagon? We love you
Whatever their name is the way D-way and him to
With his icy sleeve
No, yeah, they're white hot baby. They're dark hot dolphins 289 that guy that called before you know Wayne
That's just Wayne you better get used to waiting going anywhere and keep in mind. He doesn't give a crap about the fans
He's in it for the money. Yeah, it's one thing to believe that but actually to be arrogant enough to say that
I mean here at QA me everybody knows that so we can't hide it
We don't care about the audience or about anything else or about the sponsors. We're just here for the money
That's right nice go by the way Chris Jones
He's got that billing new stuff in May and June singing a hell of a tune rhymes with anyway dolphins to 89 none of the
Them 270 people to care about something else, but you know something I shouldn't I see
I for a second there. I was like thinking my vote was wrong. Oh, it wasn't her hands football
124 I hate sports 85 well the heat the red hot heat who won tied up that serious last night
Would that smashing win 80 80 votes for the heat the marlins on the other hand have only got 67
Yeah, why is that guy ripin on the way in for dismantling the team when they did exactly the same thing next time
They won the world series again exactly the same only worse if you asked me
They only left two recognizable names on the whole team after this last dismantling after the fire sale right right
They'll get Miguel Cabrera and Don Trell did don't you'll pitch last night? Yes, you did
I don't think you have to win no, didn't oh no, I'm sorry. No, he pitched the night before. Oh last night was Ricky
No, I see they were ahead that they were had two nothing they won three to two so at any rate see
I have followed this crap not not too closely marlin 67 a panthers only 47
4.6 percent that is really weak Alan Cohen and your brother Marty too you'll be watching the the Toronto Blue J series
closely I'm sure when they come down this weekend I will yeah from Berlin. I don't think so I won't be here
Well, you'll have all the soccer, you know, you can handle
I won't be watching either one of them although they do have a great internet cafe on the kudon in Berlin
You can go there and keep in touch although I won't be sending any stories in it. Don't get the wrong idea
Don't tell George. Oh, he can go to the internet cafe and semester it. No, I'll be on vacation
That means no stories. I hate this pool 24 pants is only 47
Even on this show with a hockey maven. That's bad. Hurricane's basketball
They have bass blocks. Excuse me bass ball 13 and hurricane's basketball out of a thousand 13 votes
Sulemente uno still oh no, that is that's unbelievable
Nobody cares about canes basketball, you know that is so sad
And you want to know why one of the reasons why who's involved with that on this station?
Clarence that's it. I've actually had four or five votes before that
But once they find a clearance had his finger deep in it. That was the end of that
WDK and wouldn't be the first time either QAM. Hello. Good morning sir. How you doing? Okay
I just want to I heard that caller about wanting about dolphin's stadium
I don't be realized the original name of the building was dolphins
World stadium and and I don't understand I mean it's nice to be on the right side of an issue
But for the wrong reason I mean what would mean the original name of the stadium was often that was Joe Robby stadium
No, the original intended it was often
The original intended the original name of the stadium was your Bobby stadium
Right right before they opened it the family came through and it was a big
Hazarai about
I watched them build that stadium from the sixth floor at Calder racetrack. I watched them brick by brick piece by I did
I watched it from the overpass of the Florida church. There you go
I also also watched and build the sawgrass
Mall from the backyard of my house in plantation acres and I still don't know what the other big attraction is there
I
Well, you know what there's outlet mall all up and down the east coast. I don't see what the
The appeal is
I mean the fact that the sawgrass is the second most visited tourist attraction in the state of Florida
That has got to say an awful lot about the state of Florida
Well, actually what's disturbing to me is there's another place in browser claims that also and that's
Swap shop and that's that's real disturbing to me
Yeah, yeah, and person has been kind of disturbed too lately. So let's go through the territory
Yeah, well, you know, it's nice to find something you distract us from the nickel head to Washington
That's right. You got an English to fry you got it. I'm just wondering
You know, I don't mind listening to it informed opinion once in a while
Does anybody know what and cultures
Background is does she have a degree or you know something I during the break. I'm gonna Google it for you
And then why are I Laura ingrown the other uh, the other self-hating bitch, you know, yeah, right
She's far potatoes though. You don't hear anybody talking about her because she she she looks almost human
Little anorexic but almost human as opposed to mancoater who looks like she's out of this world and ought to be
Did you I missed you yesterday? I apologize or I miss you this summer when you're not on but
There was something in the New York Daily News that
Beacon and journalistic integrity said something older and had to apologize to a couple of people because
They were sending them of not just emails and some of the replies were just beautiful
But old Ren allegedly the force to apologize for them didn't see that it New York Daily News of columnist name is Lloyd Grove
And again, I asked I sent him a check come and go wipe this you know what with what a rooper Murdoch sign checks
You know excellent. Okay, listen. I have a great life pal. You too sir see you. Bye. Bye
So I don't let me forget to go Google and colder or just maybe shooter
The break would be good
I would solve a lot of problems and make a lot of people very very happy for father's day here something for your father
There's a bullet frame with her name on it
Hmm we got over a thousand votes. It's 1056. I just I don't understand this. What's going on here? You'd almost think that we got an audience back
This is a little
Am I right? No, oh
This is the Neil Roger show
This is your brain
Any questions on the 9-11 widows and in particular a group that had been outspoken and critical of the administration
These brought some millionaires lie in eyes on TV. I've never seen people enjoying their husband's death so much
Yeah
And
Worship bitch
Cyber
Oh
You know
She's a port, so I told you just by attacking breathing bones
Can you make her go away? Can we break her skinny legs?
Can we question each other ways? But a pocket is no way
Is she a woman anyway? One thing we start to say
And talk to the straights and talk to the straights
Does she want to stay there? Speak out
To speak out using the fact that there are widows
How about sending in somebody we're allowed to respond to?
No, no, no, no. We always have to respond to someone who just had a family member die
Because then if we respond, oh, you're questioning their offensively
They were using their belief in order to make a political point
And these broads are millionaires, talk by people I've never seen people enjoying their husbands death so much
They're all over the news
And she's a beauty, hey Anne, one thing we have to say to you
You've got you've brought you more
So I googled the Wikipedia and what do you get? What do you got?
I was just going to sneeze. It's my encoder allergy acting up again
Born December 8, 1961, it makes her 45, almost 44
Is a conservative American syndicated column, this bestselling author, lawyer and TV pundit, who frequently appears on the Fox News Channel
On the fascist news channel
She's known for a distinct speaking and writing style, which is often intentionally aggressive and controversial
Intended to provoke a hostile response in garnered tension. Her main target is American liberals
And but a bit bit about it, but about it, she accused liberals of acting in an on patriotic manner and both hating God in their own country
She was born in New York City and raised a new king in Connecticut and a family she describes as upper middle class
Her two older brothers are John and James. More than you ever wanted to know about this bitch
Her father John V. Quotor was a lawyer represented clients who were in opposition to labor unions before obtaining a government job as a constable
Her mother, Nell Quotor, is a member of the New Canaan Republican Town Committee
As an undergraduate in Cornell University's College of Arts and Sciences
All boys, she came from Cornell, so did Gary Bettman, what does that tell you?
Quotor helped launch conservative newspaper, the Cornell Review was a member of the Delta Gamma National Women Society
She graduated cum laude from Cornell 84, received her JD from University of Michigan Law School, oh my God, in anxious Ann Arbor
Where they smoke the trees, as a matter of fact, they just didn't even waste their time, they just liked to freeze on fire and smoke it
She received membership in the order of the Coyf and was an editor of the Michigan Law Review
What the hell is that?
I got a line, but I'm not a fan of it
I know, don't say it
Quotor often wears, and it has something to do with rhymes with what they do on fourth down though I think
Quotor often wore a fur coat to class even in temperate weather
fellow students at Trappinert are wearing in the fur coat as a political statement directed at Peter Loving classmates
At law school, she's shared in the part with the human and civil rights advocates Cindy Cohn
Oh my God, she's shared in the apartment with some female
You know what that suggests to me, no she's a...
You're fairing
And she's how old 44, she got a husband, no, no she's married to her a fancissism, I'm sorry
At Michigan, she founded a local chapter of the Federalist Society, was trained at the National Journalism Center
And it goes on, she practiced corporate law, she denied she's a fundamentalist Christian
But only because she's in Connecticut where the term is not frequently used
She says, although my Christianity is somewhat less than explicit in this book referring to her book Godless
Christianity fuels everything I write
Right, well, right there, what does that tell you?
The Christianity is doing what she writes, we don't want to know part of that Christianity, do we?
No way, get away from it, run like a son of a bitch, run like hell
Are your kids out there, if any good Christians come to try to like convert you, run like hell and call a police
And load a gun
Just in case maybe the...
Your whole business will be knocking on the door next
And if they don't get you, then the Mormons will be knocking on the door
And if it's not, then it's going to be the government
For some Supreme Court ruling yesterday by the way, that was very nice
Lots of really bizarre ones, how about that ruling about 15 E.R.O. in Colorado, Ken Mirry
And they also said that maybe even like, let's see, 12-year-old girls and boys under 14
Girls at 12 boys under 14 can get married under English common law
You don't get any more common than the Brits, I'll tell you that right now, they are common
They even call why they think, why I think they call it the House of Commons?
There are no more common...
Oh, and keep in mind that their name was the Batonburgs, the House of Windsor
They were Germans, they weren't even Brits, they were phony, they were Erzatz, British
Try to like a, you'll get that whole lineage thing, you know, with all that royalty, all that other crap
The fact of the matter is that they were British, I mean, German, same difference, the Batonburgs
Doesn't it make you want to puke? Not really
There's explains what it got said to your Lausie Quizino, or Germans do have good Quizino, we'll say that, I'm looking forward
Drugs or other evidencees that home can be used in trial, even if police failed to knock and announce their presidencies
Supreme Court ruling yesterday in a major shift in its rulings on illegal searches by the police
And you know who can thank for that? Your illustrious president
And is appointees to the Supreme Court, oh how we miss Sanctuary Day O'Connor
The five-to-four decision in a Detroit drug case undercut the nearly century-old rule that says evidence-fondering and unlawful search cannot be used
The decision also offers a sign that the court might be more apt to strengthen the hand of police with just a Samuel Alito
In the place of Retair Justice Sanctuary Day O'Connor, Samuel Hermann Gehring Alito
For Hermann Gehring, she got a lot of clones these days and most of them are connected with George W. Bush
O'Connor, who was on the court when the case was first argued, had worried about the sanctity of the home
Alito fully sided with Justice Antonin Scalia's majority opinion, there's the real fascist form, and he makes Mussolini look like a flaming liberal
Scalia, although he likes to go in duck hunting with Dick Taney
Too many wasn't there on that day, you know? He could have got hit
Which emphasized that tossing out evidence acquired in violation of the knock-and-knots rule that would have valid war could mean releasing dangerous criminals
In a dissent, just as Stephen Breyer, who makes a fantastic ice cream, called the decision doubly troubling
It's double trouble, baby
It represents a significant departure from the court's presidency, wrote joint by Justice John Paul Stevens, David Souter and Ruth Bader Ginsburg
It weakens perhaps the story as much of the practical value of the Constitution's knock-and-knots protection
Well, it played knock-three times by Tony Orlando and Don, there's a good question for Tony Orlando
But he ever make any good music?
Absolutely not
There's another guy that we can't stand on this show, Tony Orlando, another Bible thumping phony
We'll hook him up with manclay
Hey, yellow ribbon around his ass, that's what I say
Now getting back to that sun-central with it, just embarrassing his head, you know?
It's just amazing to me
See, when you're in the newspaper business and you got him an awful lot, you can print any cramp you want
And then what's anybody gonna do? They're gonna call him and debate it or what are they? What are they gonna do about it?
They're probably right-letter the editor and what's the chances that they can print it? Any?
No
None
None? I want you right-letter the editor to the sun-central and it's the last time I'll do it, they didn't print it
You know that, not that long ago
Well, what happened? What happened?
Nothing happened, he just didn't print it, that's all
I emailed it in according to there, I had my email address and a whole deal, full number, shoe size
Even my f***ing size, which wasn't much had a decimal in front of it, and they still didn't print it
So it goes to show, you know, the newspaper, so anyway, a couple days ago they put this big article on the front page
Which you got all sucked in by, you have to admit it
Not me, I didn't even read it
I was waiting for a little more information, not that I would know
And by the way, House captain Harris is playing to a House party pants
At any rate, this thing about all of the tremendous grades in the Florida schools and the F-CAD and all these A-schools and not one F
Well, guess what?
Half of Broward County schools don't even meet tough federal standards
And this is in the same sunsend, and they publish it with a straight face
And nearly one out of four Broward schools will have to offer students free transfers to better performing public schools next school year
This sobering account was really Thursday, just a day after the Broward school district was celebrating a record number of A's under this A-school grading system
Which uses different criteria than the federal no-child left behind Act
I think the criterion is if they get one answer right then it's an A, out of like 600 questions
131 local public schools did not make adequate yearly progress also known as A-Y-P on the Florida comprehensive assessment test
But only schools that failed twice in last four years and accept federal money for poor students face consequences
As a result, 61 Broward schools must offer transfers
Schools give parents the choice of two higher performing schools in the district
Up back group 47 schools faced failed at least three years
So they also must offer free tutoring to low performing students
In other words to make a long story short education in Florida sucks
Is that a bulletin? Are we already knew that?
Now was the West Palm thing a joke too or was it just Broward County?
Because West Palm, I think they said seven
Let me ask you something, even though we have listeners in Palm Beach County
Do we give a flying craft about West Palm?
Like I said, that school is Broward
And since this is a statewide story, since you want to make a big stimulus about this
To show us how smart you are and how stupid all the rest of us are
Although you did get the Ruth Chris and I didn't
Is it true?
Dozens of graduates of foreign universities have provided a little more than copies of their college degrees
Often written in a foreign language
We're hired to grade this year's High Stakes F-Cat exams
According to documents reviewed by the SCUM Sentinel
Only a couple of the applicants provided transcripts of their college
Were showing that they had taken math, science and English courses
Their numbers are small about four dozen out in nearly 2000 applicants reviewed by the Sun
Several were graduates of foreign schools
In most cases the document showed there was no background check conducted
To verify the educational information on the application
And there was no indication which part of the state exam individuals were hired to evaluate
How you like that? Is that a good job?
Oh yeah
Critics say the lack of documentation on the ability of test graders from foreign countries
Is just another indication of problems within the system of hiring temporary workers
To evaluate answers to essay math and science questions on the F-Cat
On Sunday the Sun Sentinel revealed that hundreds of temporary F-Cat evaluators
With degrees from the best schools as well as foreign ones
Have no apparent experience as an educator or degree in a field related to the academic subjects that are grading
In other words they're like, little bit more like that
Perfectly qualified to be grading those F-Cats course
So does that answer a little more of your question?
No
It does not?
Yeah it does
Whether it's Palm Beach or Broward or whatever it is
That's a floor of the whole F-Cat thing is bogus
And that's to cover up and if you look at that other pool of Sun Sentinel now
Do you think education is improving in Florida?
And it's over 70% said absolutely not, it sucks, it blows
You can't complain about public education in Florida, you want to know why?
There is none
That is correct
Providence after 11 I'm getting at, maybe it's my allergy in this room or something
Maybe I should take my microphone but a long court out on the patio, thank you
That would be a good one
Hey then you can hear the sounds like the trains and the clarins and the brewers and all that
Do you hear those?
Oh yeah
Can you actually hear them?
Yeah
Why any time you're like in a big city there's a lot of sirens going
It's one thing I've learned
You don't hear a lot of sirens in South Florida, you want to know why?
Oh you hear a lot of fire?
Yeah you do
No, not that many, not like here
Do you want to know why?
Why?
There's no big city
I mean there's a lot of people around but there's no big city
Name me a big city
Anyone?
Other than Sweetwater and Ojas and Two-Wig
Name me a big city
There isn't any, mine is not a big city
Hold on to it and I'll add big
Higher Lea
Right
I guess
Weston?
Weston's a big city
I think of New York City I think of Weston
Yeah
I think of Plantation I think of Lauderdale
13 past 11 at QM Audio Horse Racing Fans and Poker Players
Pump and O Park Racing and Pokers got all the gambling actually you want
And something special for all the men that come out to the track this Saturday
Tomorrow June 17 for Father's VEU
All the men willing to admit being age 18 and older and believe me they will be
We'll get a free entry of light to win a thousand dollars in betting vouchers tomorrow night
Drawings will take place after the 6th and 7th races you must be present to win
And free general parking every day
Live harness racing and the great smoke free Poker
Rumors open every Wednesday Friday and Saturday Poker gets underway at noon
Goes on till midnight and live racing gets underway nightly at 7.25 in a p.m.
Also don't miss out down the nights on Wednesdays when draft beer soda is hot
Thogs and more just a bucket of pee starting at 6.00 p.m.
Pump and O harness of Blocks South Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road
For the current racing and schedule call 954-972-2000
or on the wicked web it's pump and O park dot com
This is me a Roger
This is 5.16 QA
Friday you bastard
This is 5.16 QA
This is 5.16 QA
This is 5.16 QA
This is 5.16 QA
This is 5.16 QA
This is 5.16 QA
This is 5.16 QA
This is 5.16 QA
This is 5.16 QA
This is 5.16 QA
This is 5.16 QA
This is 5.16 QA
This is 5.16 QA
This is 5.16 QA
This is 5.16 QA
This is 5.16 QA
This is 5.16 QA
This is 5.16 QA
This is 5.16 QA
This is 5.16 QA
This is 5.16 QA
This is 5.16 QA
There are 4 5 5 5 3 3
You'd know that countries make up and impact the elections
and a big debate that's fully debate that they've trumped up there in the house.
You either, uh, with the Americans or Al Qaeda, there's nothing but,
like what Bush said back in, uh, after, uh, 9-11,
you either with us or against us, nothing in between.
There are no shades of gray. You either a good guy or a bad guy.
That's right.
Either one of us or an evil doer.
A new Fox News opinion, Dynamics poll reports that Senator Swoolery Clinton
is the most frightening candidate for prison by more than a two-to-one margin,
according to raw story. It doesn't come any more raw than Hillary.
She's frightening, all right. You know what's frightening?
What's that?
Is that she might get the nomination?
I don't know why that would happen. She has no chance to win.
Yeah, I was just going to say.
See, even you know that, even a political niece like you know,
is that she hasn't got a Chinaman's chance to help.
Even Tommy wouldn't vote for her.
Oh, anyway.
Give it the pen on whose vote?
I would vote for the vote on one.
It would depend on who's running, uh, you know, to replace, uh, George.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
You'd vote for a foany like John McCain.
Is that what you're telling me?
A Rudy Giuliani that closed up all the porno in New York.
You'd vote for him?
No, I wouldn't.
Oh, there you go.
I'd vote for her.
But I'd sure I'd hold my nose, man.
Ooh, God, almighty, what a stench.
That's probably what Bubba was thinking, too.
The ice princess. She is a spony as a $22.5 bill.
Plus, she might as well just be a Republican, I mean.
Yeah, that's the point. Yeah.
Even though the pool sample contained more Democrats than Republicans,
and 60% of those acid they believed their lives would be better
if Democrats gained control of Congress this year,
she was still identified by a wide margin to be the most frightening candidate.
I'm not sure I know what that means, though.
The pool leaked to Rosteray finds Senator Clinton to be the most feared presidential contender, I see.
Followed by former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani,
first of all, vice president Al Gore,
and Arizona senator with a big,
puppy-cheeked John McCain.
You know, the fact that McCain is sucking up to Bush now,
goes to show you what little self-respect he's got,
what a total foany and sell out he is.
And the West Virginia primary back in 2000.
You remember the stories that they put out that the Republicans put out about how McCain had a legitimate black child with a prostitute?
Yeah. Yeah, that is correct.
And it comes to find out that he and his wife had adopted a kid from Bangladesh, a daughter,
who have to be dark and collected, which figures she was from Bangladesh.
But nevertheless, that's what the Bush crowd put out.
That was the Carl Roe of a propaganda.
And this man just, you know, swallows his pride, looks the other way,
and how he's sucking up the Bush.
What a dissuade of foany he is.
Clinton had the highest fright factor among Republicans at 58 percent.
Independence also feared Clinton over Giuliani 2 to 1 margin.
Among Democrats, Clinton came in as the second most feared candidate,
training former Mayor Rudy Giuliani by just seven points.
Now they will fear you.
The poll was conducted with a sample made up of 42 percent Democrats,
34 percent Republicans, 19 percent Independents.
The entire poll, covering up broad range of topics from Iran to gay marriage
and Monica Lewinsky in flag-burning is available.
And you can, that's on our website.
It's one of those fine stories.
Now we have on neo-arroges.com, is it not?
Yes it is.
And guess how that hurricane basketball team is doing as far as the emotions of South Florida?
We still got an UNO?
1776 votes, boy. It's only 1123 and we got a 1776.
Because this is record-breaking.
Soledente UNO.
What South Florida sports team are you most passionate about?
The other guy told me that Kim Ward is a born-again Christian
from the Carolina Hurricanes.
Now I'm really full in performance and I'm going to get out my voodoo doll.
Who?
I'm going to be rubbing my roast meat.
The goalie for Hurricanes, the goalie.
Oh, the goalie.
You know the guy that has the mask.
What's his name like? Jason with the mask?
D'Alpen, 1313.
So you want to watch a hockey game and you might enjoy it instead of just going over there and getting paid for it.
I like going to hockey games.
You just don't like watching them, that's all.
Yeah, passion for me.
You're getting free food over there.
By the way, speaking of free food, guess what I got in my pocket right now, as a matter of fact.
What do you got?
I just received $300 gift cards from Ruth Kriss Steakhouse.
Really?
Really.
Aren't you excited about that?
I got a Fitty.
$50 what?
You got a gift card?
I did.
I'll give that to you.
Chef Abdiot when he came in yesterday.
Well, it wasn't that.
How come you didn't mention that for crying out loud?
You know, these people come in here and bring you all of that food.
Give them a little something, something, maybe they'll come back and bring us some more.
That's the way it works in this business.
We?
I don't know.
You want to be a professional free voter, man?
Just to lay it on heavy.
Lay it on real thick.
The food was sensational.
The chef cooked for a special.
Tommy was gazette and put me, he waddled out of there.
Yes he did.
I probably had an ace juice in the trace.
Which sort of sports team are you the most passionate about?
The dolphins, 313.
I'm passionate about them all right.
Real passionate.
How's that, Danty's cult pepper is coming.
He was a heat game last night.
Was he really?
Front row.
Oh my God.
Was he putting that icy sleeve on his knees or on his elbows?
What was he doing?
Had to be on his knee.
I was doing so well.
And how about in the course they got Joey Harrington out, he's a secret weapon.
He couldn't play for like a girls team.
He couldn't play in the, he's so bad, he couldn't play in the WNBA if he was like a basketball player.
That's so bad he is.
With those dikes.
None of them, 291.
Well that's, that figures.
Hurricane football, the 133 we love and of course, as goes 133 people, how many of them actually went to or have anybody in their family who went to the U of M?
You know how many I would say?
About 30 minutes.
And exaggeration.
I just, I don't understand that.
Do you?
I mean I didn't go to U M but I'm a U M fan.
Well like I said, front running phonies.
They wouldn't win those national championships.
You couldn't give a crap less about the Hurricanes, you know that.
Or possibly since I grew up down here and it's the only big college and I went there as a kid.
But what's wrong with FIU, huh?
What's wrong with FIU?
FIU, it's got a football team.
Well there you go.
They knew your health man.
Hurricanes don't need you.
They got all the front running phonies they can handle.
Get in with FI, how about FAU?
What do you like some kind of a racist, is that it?
Hurricanes football, 135.
I hate sports 92.
The heat 87, boy did that number.
That number went up exponentially as the heat like we're pulling away in the fourth quarter last night.
And just crushed Dallas 98 to 74.
And that heat number just going up and up.
We love the heat.
That's shag, shag.
They were all going, they were doing their guilty routines.
Stop, stop.
All over South Florida.
FIU is a $522 bill.
Yeah, there you go.
They're white hot.
And as a matter of fact, let me just say to this, they're neither of their blood.
They're neither white nor are they hot.
I've seen them.
The heat 87, a Marlon 73.
They're also kind of the quorum, although they have one five in a row now.
They're on a roll.
The Panthers only 52.
I hate this full 25.
Hurricanes baseball 14, and in about 1,091.
We almost got 1,100 votes by 11.
30, man.
And guess how many Hurricanes basketball?
Oh no.
Woo.
Saltanto Uno.
The same one, the same one.
I bet you that person feels, I don't know, like out on a limb, you know.
I'm probably click that option on accident.
Yeah, that was probably a mistake.
Hurricanes basketball, it says there are.
Oh, do you want to vote for that?
They got that beautiful arena there on campus.
See, that's what I, that's a crack smell because there is no campus.
I did those Hurricanes baseball games all those years.
I know that there's no campus there.
I mean, there's a few buildings.
And they got that athletic, what do they call that building?
What, were they play hoot?
What, were they athletic department is that building?
I don't know.
Well, they got something for it.
Where they have all the jogstrap's hanging there.
Where Mike Rosenthal hangs out on all the, and clearance and the beast.
All your buddies there.
Sniffing the old jogstrap.
Wouldn't surprise me if they got like Frank Castro's jogstrap hanging there in that building.
And they have life department.
He could bang it, man.
And they were about to have to Alice the Haseuse.
I heard he could bang it too.
28 past 11 and 5, 60 WQM.
Hey, this summer season is fast approaching.
You know what's coming up this Sunday?
You got it.
Father's Day, this Sunday June 18th.
Well, we all know what dads love to do on their big day.
They like to eat.
They like to mongi, jaman, jaman, jaman, jaman.
It's time to call the Melding Pot and make your reservations for Father's Day.
It's not too late to do it.
The Melding Pot is a fond new restaurant and boy what a feast dad is going to have in a great
time to it's not just a meal.
It's a great experience at the Melding Pot.
You dipping it and dunking it in the food too.
In addition to their famous cheese and chocolates, they serve up from serious meats and fish for hungry dads like yours.
Hardyont Trace from Cedar Cafffilly, Mignon de Black and Shrimp, Teriyaki Sirloin, pork lobster, and lots more.
The Melding Pot definitely serves serious food for serious appetites.
Nobody leaves that place hungry.
You water a lot of there with a big smile on your face and your poop is just bursting.
They also have an award winning a wine list to boot.
And don't forget the Melding Pot's famous desserts for a lot of people.
That's the best part of the whole deal, man.
Dipping and dunking in that chocolate, even that white chocolate, it's unbelievable.
Parents need to put this big smile on dad's push.
So make that call today and invite dad to dip into something sensational at the Melding Pot this Sunday Father's Day.
A full four-course gift for dad from you.
When you call a tum that will be your party to call the Melding Pot in Cooper City or North Miami Beach,
or candle-boke a four-lawed-a-lor-course, Coral Springs.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5'16 Q.A.L.
Neil Gah!
There was an old farmer who lived on a rock.
He's had in the meadow just shaking his face
that some boys who were down by the crypt.
There be in the water their hands on their marbles
and play things in at half past four.
There came a young lady.
She looked like a pretty young creature.
She sat on the grass.
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rumbles and laces and white fluffy dunks.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children,
so they would not spin.
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling repucing litter from yesterday's heart.
While the girl in the meadow was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the dark.
He looked like a man with a size of a bowl home in the country with a big fence out front.
If he asked her for likely she'd show him her little pet dog who was subject to fits.
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands with the movement so quick.
And then she'd bend over and suck down his candy.
So tasty made of butter, scotch.
And then he spread whipped cream all over her cookies
that she had left out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty, you can go poop yourself.
Oh, right.
Love a 34 or 26 still noon at the two o'clock we got Geldy from the Micah Sookie,
um, Gotham Country.
And I'm sure he'll be talking exclusively about that.
Mad Dog and Caspies and Dady 4 to 7 will be talking exclusively about that.
And then we got the Amarling game.
Marlins hosting the Toronto Blue Jays.
Those fairly, uh, not red hot, but like kind of lukewarm, you know, bubbling under Toronto Blue Jays.
And then he came to the baseball game.
And in Christmas, no marlins.
No.
And you'll be pleased to know they hurried in basketball and I've got three.
Oh, somebody's just trying to grease it up though.
I think Frank Casper and Alex Tahesu's voted for that.
And maybe Howard Shapiro.
The house today rejected the timetable for pulling US forces out of Iraq.
They just had that big vote.
They just concluded it.
The bait, uh, accommodating a fiercely partisan debate between Republicans and Democrats,
feeding the public's apprehension about the war.
And the on-rushing midterm campaign season.
All about politics.
That's what they do in their playing politics with lives of those people over there now,
including all the Iraqis as well.
They had no business being there in the first place.
I'll tell you who was really great yesterday.
It's too bad that he sits a little twerp.
Yeah.
That's Dennis Casimich.
He was sensational, screaming and yelling and wailing.
He just told him exactly the way it is.
And about how we don't belong there in the first place.
And they never attacked us.
And we're invaded their country.
We don't belong there at all.
And he is absolutely correct.
Don't confuse the American public with that though,
because after all it's the war on terror.
And don't tell the American public there was no al-Qaeda in Iraq before we invaded there,
or that there was no terrorist threat.
Don't tell them that.
They've totally switched to sub-dick man.
Now that's just amazing the way that the Republicans keep doing that.
And at 256-153 votes, the GOP led House approved a non-binding resolution that praises US troops,
labels the war on Iraq part of the larger global fight against terrorism,
and says an arbitrary date for the withdrawal of a redeployment of troops is not of the national interest.
And by the way, the new vice president of Iraq, when Bush was there on Tuesday,
and when he asked him for, no.
He asked him for a date for withdrawal for American troops.
But nevertheless, don't be confused now. They want us out of there, man.
Retreat is not an option in Iraq to clear House majority leader John Vaynervolokinovol,
achieving victory is our only option for the American people in our kids,
where I'd like to 20-500 kids who are dead now.
House Democratic leader Wishi Washi Nancy Pelosi, a California candidate,
stated, of course, I don't think so, Mr. President, something to face the facts.
She said the war on Iraq has been a mistake. I say a grotesque mistake.
Well, there he goes, she's starting to butcher up a little bit.
Also, he's Senate.
I don't think it's got the vote in here, the numbers, but the Senate voted.
Oh, yeah, here you go. But that was yesterday. The Senate rejected the call to withdraw
on 93-6.
The Democrats criticized the GOP maneuver to lead the voters as political gamesmanship,
and promised further debate next week on a proposal to start redeploying troops this year.
We need John Murtha to take over above the scoot.
That man's going to kick some ass if you don't croak first.
Maybe a little bit on the old and curmudgeon he saw, but he's good.
You know, John Murtha?
No.
You don't know, you're John Murtha from Older Big Bertha.
Happy 50th to Rick Shaw again, and he can blame what's his name?
Blame Jill Johnson for the fact that he gave me the wrong phone number.
What an idiot.
I would have called it.
I guarantee that would have made his whole day.
I'll probably probably have a few other calls from some...
Not people as important as me, of course, but he probably got a few calls while it was on his morning.
Maybe we'll get a spy reported to Unwiki Tiki on his 50th anniversary in a business.
When you think?
Maybe.
I mean, if it was as good for him as my 30th anniversary show,
was that something or what?
No.
I'm not a girl now.
WDQYM, hello.
Wasn't much.
QYM.
WDQYM, hello.
Am I the winner of the...
5.670560?
We actually had a couple of calls there in the first hour.
A couple of rational people, which surprised the hell out of me,
on Friday the 16th of June, right in the middle of the vacation season.
And that's shocking to you.
Yeah.
We had people in our crew larger than their digit.
WDQYM, hello.
Hello.
WDQYM, hello.
QYM.
Hello.
5.670560.
How well are you?
WDQYM.
Crank it up a little bit louder so we can hear it too.
WDQYM, hello.
Hello.
Are you giving away in the mind?
He took us to that.
Yeah, we're giving away something.
We're going to send him right to your house and he's going to stick an icy sleeve right in your...
What?
So we're like that, Pally, before he heads back to Dallas.
Another setting?
I don't know what all the big simmises were that.
Although I wouldn't be surprised if there's a soccer match on right now from the World Cup, you think?
Oh, I'm sure.
Let me get to my soccer channel.
Fake love.
Fake lust.
In a world of fake muscles.
Fake food.
Fake hair.
But you can look on the menu right.
I can't do that.
Fake tattoos.
Fake Newies.
Fake baddies.
It's good to meet you and get a real beer.
That's a great spot.
That's why I left it on.
Everything is fake.
Here's how it's fake calls.
I'm a good partner.
You have the menu.
You can look.
Oh, no.
It says US Open Golf on this channel.
Oh, there's the World Cup.
They moved today.
They played a little fast and lose them.
And they moved it to a different channel.
But doesn't say who's playing there.
I don't think maybe there's not a game going on right now.
I don't know.
Or maybe it's half time.
I don't know what time, but I think the Americans are going to go on to today and be done.
Are you kidding me?
The American?
That embarrassing team that got knocked off by the Czech Republic.
Nothing the other day.
That's bad.
It'd be bad for American ego.
WDQYM soccer line.
Hello.
It's Clive.
WDQYM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
When I swore in the lead, I would find everyone was so worried about them going after
real-versed Wade.
It looks like they did a nice fake out on that.
They were really after the Fourth Amendment.
So they could just search us whenever they wanted to.
Yeah.
I can't believe it.
They're going to go to your freedomist man right down the drain, baby.
I mean, the Patriot Act is one thing.
And now they're going to just go to the court.
There are the Constitution, man, just like your president said.
It's just a GDP-set paper.
That's what he says.
I'm still waiting to see his plan to soccer match.
Or there you go.
2006 FIFA World Cup from Germany.
Sixth-deeper World Cup, Jirley.
Brought to you by Toshiba.
Celebrate the beautiful game and take a shot at high-definition prizes.
At CompleteThePlay.ca.
Toshiba.
Completely HD experience.
And by Rodgers' Voile.
Rodgers' Prince, you.
Okay.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
this is Neil Roger, this is 5.69a
Heeeyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Ayeeeeey!
Que desem HIM
Craria
And I swear the bees these had to go for Golly Riley Jones.
One o'clock, he'll do what he can.
Shake your hand like a friend, think quickly, walk away.
They had Jones, go to five, six, oh, with ratings and the toilet bowl to get those
ratings for full moose and order and control.
And then so, Golly Riley Jones, a book dealer and him a note, he lets moose go.
And here's what blows his Golly his own show.
He'll make a big change and rearrange.
It's worse or the same, he hasn't done a thing for what goes on the air at two.
Joe don't have a stinkin' clue out of four.
Not pat essentially blows for all radio.
The GM of five, six, oh, Golly Riley Jones.
Oh, 1147, 13 to Looner WQA.
I mean, there used to be great station.
Boy, 1956, we had an eight million share and I ever keep taking what a memory he's got.
Guess who's playing in this big game now?
Uh-oh, who we got?
Neverlands and the Ivory Coast needleons, those Dutchmen.
I saw one of those travel shows I saw at last night was about Holland and about Amsterdam.
Which I enjoyed watching it because I see a lot of familiar places.
But you hate the Dutchmen.
I think you're pardon?
But you hate the Dutchmen.
That is correct, not all of them, just most of them.
And of course it's not one of those travel channels, those goody two shoes.
They show like a little glimpse of the red light district and Shakita's sex shop and whatever.
And then they're going out about, well, in recent years though, the political winds are changing
and they deserve to eliminate some of these senior aspects.
And they show some guy, some old nasty looking coot.
And he's sitting there with some tourists, you know, pedaling drugs or whatever.
And implicating that they're going to take the sex and drugs that I am today.
Let me just tell you this right now.
They may be, you know, like a little bit hard to ask over there.
But the one thing they're not is they don't have a death wish.
Because if they were to do that, there wouldn't be anybody going there.
I can guarantee you that.
They sure are going there for the cuisine or for the lovely brown water when those canals.
Oh yeah, be sure when you go to Amsterdam to take one of those boat tours, you know, in the canals.
And you can see just why the water is so brown.
Now let's see, well, what is going on here?
Were they get to some action here or what?
I guess they must be coming on in the field.
Simon, go to your ward because there's been criticism of his selection of the system of play
that he's been applying to the team.
He's been a little off.
Seriously, I would rather, I can't think of anything in the world.
I'd rather less watch them soccer.
I'd rather watch golf.
And I'd rather be dead than watch that.
I could tell he's in the golf.
Not.
Don't even have any clubs, huh?
I wouldn't go that far though.
There you go, a club sandwich.
The whole like, I'd rather watch soccer than golf.
No.
At least it's nonstop.
I mean, there's not excitement.
Nonstop what?
Kick it about.
Stop kicking the ball, dribbling it around back and forth in the field.
Right.
And the goalie picks it up and he holds it for 20 seconds and the clock is going like that.
But golf, man, on TV.
I would agree with that.
They're both coma inducing.
I would say curling, golf, and soccer.
You take those three.
You call those fours.
They were bowling in there.
Now, come on.
Bowling is a little, you know, you're never ready for a guy getting a perfect game.
You never stop bowling for dollars, man, with Eddie Koalichs and Buddy Beaumar.
No.
You know, now that my buddy Dick Feinberg got screwed over there at Poppano Park, who am I going to give
all these harness racing names out for?
Because he's the only guy that ever knew who I was talking about.
The only time, Dick, I need you there for moral support.
You know, there's the one guy, probably more than anybody else, who helped to put over that thing
and brought on there, giving the slot thing, passed.
He did more good work on that.
And really, he was the main man.
And what does he get as a reward?
A good stab in a back.
That's the way the world works, man.
That's just the way it is.
According to the latest NBC Wall Street U.N.O. poll published late yesterday, Americans view former vice president Al Gore unfavorably by 42 to 30%.
Not 30, man.
Unfavorably.
How do you like that, huh?
Though, 53% of the Democrats give him a thumbs up.
They then say thumbs up.
Where?
How dare they drag the good thing of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein's torture transit?
Abu Gharram.
That's right.
But his cause draws it here as 59% say climate change war on some action or immediate steps on her 51% in 1999.
Wasn't that great?
Those must be people living close to the polarized caps that are melting.
After appearing with Falwell, 2008, hopeful McCain sees favoral ratings among conservatives,
take up from 40% to 36% from 36 up to 40.
McCain standing among Republicans, 47% of only 60 negative, exceeds the 36 to 13, showing for potential rival Newt Gingrich,
oh, family values man, Newt Gingrich, who was giving his wife to sign the divorce papers while she was laying on her deathbed.
Among 2004 Bushbackers, 8% say their 2006 vote will signal opposition to the president, 8%.
Is there really going to have to work hard on those voting machines?
I see there was another big scandal in California with this latest race out there for the seat of Duke Cunningham,
and there are all kinds of questions about the die-bold machines.
And there's no point in having any more elections in America.
Just forget about them.
Right.
You want me to go vote again?
Yes, I do.
If you tell me you're not going to go vote, well, this time forget it.
I mean, there's really not much to vote for.
Because what are you going to vote for in your congressional races, you don't even know who the hell is running?
And then, I'm coming to all going to get it in any way.
Nor do I care.
But, no, I will not be definitely...
2008?
No, let's see.
Will I be on air in 2008 for the election?
Ah, if I'm alive?
Yes.
As a matter of fact, that'll be my last one on the year.
I'm still around 2008.
It'll be great.
But, do you realize how much time we got?
Just take a look at what's happening in the last week, man, with this big photo up in Iraq, and they got Al Zarkawi, and they got Al Goldstein locked away at the Rake Records Island.
They're making the world safe again from those terrorists.
And Carl Rove ain't going to get what he deserves, and they got that vote.
It's just pathetic.
The Democrats just don't know how to play good or a country hardballs like the Republicans.
They just...
You know, there's some slimy Democrats like that Jefferson guy with $80 billion in his refrigerator in small bills.
But they just don't know how to outslide the Republicans.
That's the problem.
Got in the wrong way, the little cold cash?
Yeah.
90,000 in the refrigerator, and of course it's a racial thing now.
Everything's a racial thing.
Oh, look at that.
Do you know where they're playing this game?
In Stuttgart.
I've never been there, but I just like saying that.
Stuttgart sounds so...
Ooh.
The races they hear on the back of my neck.
I don't mind.
I love Germany.
Although when I see some of those old crowds, you know, I just watch the way they're walking, they're like goose stepping up and down the coup d'on.
They're goose stepping.
And I know they're still singing in private.
They're still new in Deutschland, New Boralda.
So I guarantee you that.
They're still saluting it.
They probably got a big swastika under a bathroom wall on the tea room wall.
But Germany's great.
But some of the names there, oh Stuttgart.
And like when I first went to Amsterdam, I heard them speaking Dutchwood sounds so much like German anymore.
More guttural like that.
Oh, oh, you can't believe I just did.
Hmm.
Get a little hawker?
A little bit.
Oh, a purple.
I'll write a good one.
That's a good omen when you got a purple one on a Friday.
There's the Dutchwood, those puke orange outfits.
There's not a lot of people there.
I'm being close to being human.
Now, he looks pretty good to me.
That guy right there.
Where the hell do I find him?
Maybe he's on the route of gasoline.
I'm showing a whole Dutch team up close and personal.
One guy looked really good and the rest of them looked subhuman.
Looks like they're well, it's the Dutch.
Let me go back and see that number three player there.
Holy cow.
Yeah, that's where they haven't taken their seats here.
You'll see, once they start, when they drop those balls, they're a midfield man.
And all of a sudden, all hell's going to be close.
Well, there's the team from, what is it?
The ivory coast.
There's all them silly Dutchmen there.
They're the only ones who are orange outfits on.
It's Hooligans, right?
TT in the ivory coast.
You just say TT.
I'm enjoying the coverage too.
There's all the Dutch.
What are you talking about?
You're just thinking those are empty seats.
Those are orange things.
Now, the Dutch ones are full of their country.
I don't want to hear the ivory coast national anthem.
We'll probably get knocked off the air if we do that.
Which one of these guys looks good?
Well, let's see.
They look a little bit dark to me, which don't necessarily mean they don't look good,
but they look like good.
I don't know.
Nobody so far.
Look at that guy.
He's a little jerk.
He's a little jerk.
And that guy's even shorter.
And that guy's about two feet tall.
And then the camera bounces off this.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, yeah.
What is that?
He made an instant.
He's an East Rodman.
I swear to God.
That was the East Rodman.
I recognize that child anywhere.
Now, these guys ain't too sharp looking.
Okay?
Look at that two car garage nose.
Two car garage nose.
Oh, my God.
What a shame.
That was great.
It was great.
Yeah, there's some very fine-looking dark complex into the guys in the world, but they're
on any of my netting.
There's Malcolm, I think I'm going to horny, where's my buddy?
Yeah.
What's up with that guy, man?
This is him.
He's having a good time.
Who is patented.
That's right.
You're right.
Great things here, Ray.
Oh yeah.
And this thing, this is so emotional.
Right, right, saying, it's the nastiest thing I ever done.
Seeing I'll say to that, it's just a bunch of car cars what it is.
Needle lines all the way, baby.
Them Dutchmen.
Otherwise, they'll throw a bunch of drugs at them.
1163 votes.
Now, let's see.
All the Dutch players are white, aren't they?
Isn't that interesting?
Not really.
No, actually, it's surprising.
There's a lot of roster guys in Holland, but they didn't make the team.
1160, well they're too busy doing business.
1163 votes.
Which South Florida sports team are you the most passionate about?
Dolphins, 338.
We love those Dolphins.
They're really bad.
They suck.
None of them, 307.
Hurricane football, 148.
Heat.
96.
I hate sports 95.
Marlon's only 79.
And he's really on fire, baby.
They're red hot.
Panther's only 57.
Boy, why even bother, you know?
I hate this pool 27.
Hurricane's baseball, 15.
And Hurricane's basketball making a big move.
Trace.
And in Trace, a rocky race.
Miss is 5.
69.
A.
The Mohorah Day.
And this portion of the New Yorkers in 2012, so on how it is brought to you by the Leder 12.
12.
What do people like to make like 12 and 12?
The license of pizza.
All for me.
And...
To take the lady, which goes on.
I'm going to take a look around.
Get her in bed with her boyfriend in her hotel.
And take away any brutal control.
You got a real pregnant and a cold.
I could hear her and I'd say, oh no.
I'm just my regular, monthly cold.
She's screaming, people's at it's dreams, oh you know.
You got a real pregnant and a cold.
She's screaming, people's at it's dreams, oh you know.
Her parents can fall down on the floor.
Her guy in Brown was a serial cold.
You got a real pregnant and a cold.
12.
About three and five sixty WQA.
And we got Golden-Cellar of Tune off again.
Georgia, me back next week.
He'll be doing a show.
I'll be in Berlin rooting for the...
Who am I going to be rooting for?
I guess Germany if I want to be safe.
Well, you know, it's going to be a good idea.
You'll have crews from all over the world there.
Tommy Cruz?
There'll be a lot of people like him there.
Yeah, they're always are.
A 15 year old girl and then of course after that.
And the following week it's the summer schedule.
Georgia and Monday Wednesday and Friday.
I'll be on Tuesday and Thursday.
And let's of course, I'm going.
Let's just feel like laying out.
Now the 4th of July is on a Tuesday.
You don't think I'm working on the 4th of July, do you?
Why not?
Come on now.
So what are you talking about?
It's a legal holiday.
Tommy ain't going to show up on the 4th of July, are you?
Well, Tommy is not showing up right now.
Yeah, he's not showing up right now because my guild's here.
Where did Tommy go?
Tommy has a lot of work to do.
Oh, that's right. It's Friday.
Well, he was getting...
I think that line about the two car and no garage knows.
I think that put him over the edge.
Oh, that was me, but I know that.
Oh, okay.
I know it was you, but I think that the sediment
with different frame of mind.
So we got Miguel now.
I wonder how the Cuba team is doing here.
We have a team?
No.
You know, there is Canada.
No countries with the sea are allowed to play, I guess.
Except the Czech Republic.
Now, so the US already playing losers, they're doing it.
No, I know.
The US Air Force tomorrow.
Oh, it's tomorrow.
I thought it was tonight.
I remember seeing previews.
Who are they going to get people by tomorrow?
Italy.
Oh, Italy.
Oh, those Italians, man.
Look out for them.
They'll make them an offer they can't refuse.
They'll make danger.
They don't win that match.
So let's see.
Do you see that?
The official just gave the thumbs up.
Oh, wait.
Let me get that back on real quick.
I get that back on again.
I don't think you missed anything though.
Oh, yeah, look at the other.
Look at the other.
Look at me.
Oh, and I get right.
No, no, man.
Oh, no, no.
As in.
Deal, God.
No, God.
Denver, Colorado.
Now, a lot of you perverts out there probably would like this story.
I find it to be absolutely grotesque.
A 15-year-old girl can enter into a common law marriage in Colorado.
I stated Pills Court, really.
I say younger girls and boys may also be able to marry.
While the three-jerk panel structure is setting a specific minimum aid for such marriage,
it's said that they could be legal for girls at the age of 12 and boys at 14 under English
common law which is recognized in Colorado.
Now, the interesting part about Colorado is that it's generally such a right-wing, bigoted,
blue-nosed, hateful, goyishist state.
And yet they come up with some kind of crap.
You know what else?
Another one?
Utah.
Rolose Polygynous star.
Oh, it was more among Mormons.
Right?
One of the same.
It's more of that hypocrisy again, man.
They're a whole year than now and goody-two shoes and everything is sinful and yoddy-oddy.
But in the meantime, there are ones that are doing everything that moves.
The ruling overturned the lower court judge's decision that a girl who was not older than 18 was too young to marry when she was 15.
The panel said there was no clear legislative or statutory guidance on common law marriages and that Colorado courts have not determined age of consent.
I'm going to take a little scoring to raise these matches.
They haven't even put on my feet here.
They haven't even put the, you know, how they have the, like, any sporting event.
The score thing at the top of the screen.
They've even bothered putting that up yet.
Oh, that's on here.
Oh, is it on here?
Yeah.
I got a nail nail.
Yeah.
But on the doosh.
Oh, it's on the doosh.
Well, I'll be damned.
I'm watching on, um, what is this?
Well, I'm this crappy TV.
I can't even see it.
It says 00.
Oh, it's on an HD.
I got an HD in my living room.
Oh, this is sportsnet-specific is what this is.
So excuse me, sportsnet.
Uh, Colorado's one of 10 states plus the district of Columbia that recognized common law marriage, which is based on English law dating back hundreds of years.
For traditional ceremonial marriage, Colorado law sets the minimum age at 18 or 16 with parental or judicial approval.
It appears that Colorado is adopted the common law age of consent for marriage as 14 for a male and 12 for a female, which existed under English common law of the ruling.
It said, nevertheless, we need only hold here that a 15-year-old female may enter into a valid common law marriage.
Because that was about that one case, specific case.
But they're saying, well, it could be younger than that.
It could be like about five would be good.
Well, you know how mature you are at 12 to 14.
Well, but how about at five or six would be good.
You could like, you know, have your own like sandbox.
There you go.
The appeal was filed by Willis Rouse, 38, who was serving time for escape and a parole violation.
He argued that he and the girl began living together in April.
Well, listen, Rick Springfield was 24, Linda Blair was 15 and they moved in together and shacked up.
But he said they fucked up.
And that was with her mommy's permission.
He argued that he and the girl began living together in April 2002 and applied for marriage licensee a year later.
The girl had become legally independent by then, but her mother also consented to the marriage and coming to girl and Rouse to obtain a license.
A judge invalidated the murder saying anybody under Rage 16 needed to do additional approval through their common law or ceremony marriage.
Well, yesterday's willing father girl was old and up to marriage did not conclude whether she and Rouse said a valid marriage.
The court sent the case back to trial.
The judge made that decision.
Well, Colorado, baby, you want to marry me and go to Colorado.
And then you can also be on date line too.
Go on the internet, try to hook up with some young girls in Colorado and then you can be on date line.
I'll be right out.
I'll be right out.
Just sit down.
Yeah.
Just have a seat over there.
I'll be right out.
20, you don't look like a little girl.
Well, there you go.
Current military informer and intelligence officials remain concerned about a U.S. led strike on Iran.
Despite the recent appearance of diplomacy on the part of the U.S. State Department and the offer and centers packaged to Iran.
Officials point in new developments such as a recent meeting in Rome between an Iranian arms dealer and controversial neo conservative Michael Leiden and the March creation of the Iranian directorate inside the Pentagon as examples of recent events.
So into the lead up with the war in Iraq.
And then these officials also had that is an uncompleted phase to investigation into pre-war rack and tell them to suggest the same problems may recur when addressing Iran.
They note that the Pentagon's Iranian directorate mirrors the so-called Office of Special Plans which played a major role in feeding phony intelligence to the person that bolstered a phony case for war for an invasion.
See, I don't know about you.
But my idea of a war is like when two countries are fighting each other.
Yes.
That's the general war.
But there is no war. There is no war going on.
That's why they have to keep using that cliche. The war on terror.
This is part of the war because they didn't invade us and they're not technically fighting us.
But we just put together a coalition of the will and countries that nobody ever heard of each other.
And they're all in there. All five of them.
A recent trip by Michael Leiden to Rome has raised red flags among those considered about a potential war with Iran.
Some believe that Leiden, a long time advocate of the Iranian regime change, was involved in the Niger-Fordery scandal.
You know, when they dumbed up to the phony, that source of Wilson outed them on those phony documents?
Yes. About Iraq with the, yeah.
In late 2001, Leiden, Middle-Espirit, Harold Road and Pentagon, Analyst, Larry Franklin,
who laterfully to guilty to passive and passing classified information away washed in Pro-Israel lobbying group,
traveled to a Roma to meet with the Iranian arms dealer, Manuka, Grobid, and Far,
and various Italian-Iran Indian Egyptian intelligence agents.
Not long after that, documents falsely purporting that a record attempted to bi-yellow kick your item,
surfaced in the international intelligence community, ending up at an Italian magazine, Panorama,
for which Leiden wrote periodic articles.
Another planning of symphonic information about Iran, and this will probably be our October surprise.
Just in time for those video elections, I don't think there's ever going to be any more Democrats.
The Republicans are just going to call off all the rest of the elections. It's all done.
You're finished, baby. You're all done. Finito.
No, they still haven't put that thing up that box up here, am I?
Look at that, Charlie. That was that...
Don't worry, I'll let her tell you what. No, I don't know that.
Although that by the law of the Trump,
although the crown seems to be fully-san-managing, it's only 11.6 of them.
Call her today.
Watch her today by Mr. Manejera Sainte-Venke, who's just behind me,
actually the art store manager, working for French television.
Certainly interested in the performances of E'Pouh'a here.
I'm sure, right? E'Pouh'a is going to say,
Bababoui is playing for Ivory Coast, all you say.
That's their star player.
Bababoui. Well, I'll be damned.
They'll probably get a big write-up in that German magazine, Stern.
1192 votes on E'Pouh'a.
You and Baskibolo still got only the same three.
I don't want to keep leaning on them, but...
They needed that arena there, or that on campus building.
They needed that, like we need hemorrhoids, you know?
What happened in my 1-2 hour?
Did that sure that away already?
What happened when I part of my log?
You better refactor me the 1-2 hour.
Already then.
No, I'm serious. I think I lost it.
Or maybe I'm just leaving at 1 o'clock and I didn't realize it.
Is anything as possible?
I think that's real possible.
Good. See ya.
12 minutes passed, nearly QM. I don't want them.
We got Geltie.
Oh boy. If it's Friday, it must be Geltie.
If they make a Suke's at 2.
Picture yourself cruising the waters off this game,
Veyet Sunset. The Miami Skyline off the bow.
Miami Beach behind you.
Well, you don't own a boat.
Maybe that's the best news of all for you.
Called Clubnotico right now in Rent 1.
That's a smart way to go.
1-800-vote rents the number to call.
The new Clubnotico on South Beach and Keeper's Game
have top of the line, Sea Raid Boats ready to rent.
Exilirating powerboats, new models prepped and waiting for you.
And their Sea Raids to the Mercedes of Boats.
Called 1-800-vote rent and Clubnotico will get you all hooked up.
Throw in the Club of Clubnotico and see even more boat rental after boat rental.
They do all the work for you.
No preparations, no docking fees, no maintenance, no cleaning up when you're done.
No hassles whatsoever.
Considering the cost of owning a boat, you can't afford not to choose the smarter way to do it.
Would Clubnotico on South Beach and Keeper's Game.
Called 1-800-vote rent right now.
Clubnotico, they set the standard on the seas at 1-800-vote rent.
This is Neil Roger.
This is 5-16-Q-A-L.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
Come here, you have a little.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
Look who's here.
It's Chuck.
Oh.
He knew it was Chuck.
Yes.
I don't care about any of you people.
I just spend your money.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
I love you.
You don't mind me and think no more.
Thank you, my old money.
I've got a little four dollars here.
I got a few.
That's a few two, four.
They grow my credit cards.
Two, three, two, three.
Four dollars are straight.
They're never happy, ever been made.
If they had more.
These years are.
We got 1196 votes almost 1200 already and guess what?
We have four now for you and basketball.
Well, an exciting.
It'll have five by the end of the day if we can it goes to show we keep this pull on for another couple of weeks
We might have like seven or eight I doubt it though. I think they all voted twice both of them
Still most four between Netherlands and the Ivory Coast. I'm watching it. Are you really? I am yeah
Well, I'll tell you what you watch that so I can turn it off and I'll go back to
Certainly not news network because maybe there'll be some breaking news, you know
Maybe encolter will break a leg or break her neck or something like that
Well, it's good a while. It's good to just hear the volume
Now let's see you don't have the same guy that I got though that you got what to do
I got 28 due to injuries
Wasn't that a takeover coach even that much only persuaded to do so by your home choice
It continues to be this mentor
We should know that the our stuffy brits would be the biggest ones at all of us
How are they doing by the way? Did they win their match the other day the brits? I think they did one meal
I couldn't tell you them stuffy brits. Oh god. They nauseated
5670560. Let's take a sweep of calls in here
We don't want to start reading a whole much of stories out of Miguel's on the board
He gets really tasty and the surly and starts throwing stuff and sleepy pound 560 and leave Verizon singular right
I'll sign he wants to hear all these great callers that we've got it has been pretty a pretty phenomenal week
I will say that indescribable more sendo than usual
WQ I am hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you? All right
You know the most exciting play of course net soccer is definitely the header
And also when the other guy screams out after they score the goal
Yeah, like that. Hey, me on out. Well, you know, we left in the lurch for this next election
I don't care. I mean I don't see anybody on her rise in further presidency in 2008
I mean, you know, is a new ginkering is gonna run maybe come on
Who do you really see that might might might run and win?
Luke Key rich is a Republican if you recall so you remember then?
Yeah, he's probably gonna run. Yeah, he's gonna run for his life
I'm thinking high-name manoosh just keep saying that to yourself. High-name manoosh. You're just keep saying high-name
It's not like you laugh anyway. High-name
560560 I'm thinking Barack Obama myself. I'm thinking how are Dean and Barack Obama that's not gonna happen
But I'm just thinking wouldn't that be great? Yeah, I mean, I don't care. Just get a bush out of the white house
Get the get bush out of there. Well, he's gonna get out of there anyway
Although I don't think so I think probably just before that election is scheduled will have like some major conflict again
And there's some terrorist threat and like some who knows what yeah, and then be where it will be
How many more people will have to sacrifice so the right wing can continue holding on to power
There's still pissed off at the Clintons for interrupting their plans, you know
They messed up all their plans with those eight years in there and now they got control again
And that's why they keep they got their friends at die-bold and their buddies in Ohio and all these voting machine people man
So they can fix every election no matter what the actual result is just to make sure that they don't lose
And the Democrats meanwhile are like
I don't know yeah like who can be the most name be pambi of mall we need Dennis Kassinitz baby
Too bad he says a little shrimp. I got a bad hair piece
For us to show you boys and girls you're never going anywhere in this world with a bad
Who don't don't don't please?
W.A.M. Hello
George Washington's about to go under three
Yeah, good W.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M.
I'm a safe matter
We work two better
Show to be yesterday and
Neil I'm in a team like
Oh
Wow
Isn't that three calls for him this week yet is I think that was his last one. I don't mean on the show
I mean his last call period that's much wow
Well, what was he can you understand it?
One of those phones. Yeah one of them phones are kept cutting out and sir
I would like to suggest one thing to cut it out cut it out. Okay
You old old clown you cut it out you're you're too old for prime time
Rick Shaw can call and he's the oldest guy we allowed to call in on the show
I feel so bad about that. I mean not real bad, but a little bit bad
Would have been a nice touch if I would have called and I got up
I didn't get up any earlier than usual because you know
I finished with all my stuff and I sat in there and
picked up the phone and come to find out Joe Johnson gave me a bum steer and I score and Joe you you you know
I hope that Rick Shaw on Monday morning beats the crap out of Joe Johnson. Oh wait wait
As you do boss for the ultimate 2016 the world cup experience
That was your uh that was your boy there and how come we went to a commercial that was your good looking guy who got the goal
I think you was I think so I'll have come more in a commercial break now on my network here. Well here you go
You gotta be kidding this has everything I mean you want a lot of things finished
Then piercing know the seat he just walks out to it and what a cracking goal. It's a laser beam shot up
He sounds like Jackie Stewart
I'm in a commercial on my thing. No, that's right. I'm on the wrong network and you're always talking crap about that
You know
There's only pravy school come with a toy. Yeah, he is a fine-looking young man
He himself would have been proud of that one
And it's the first world cup goal first not to celebrate
Not for John's young to see it to
Have any pleasure about
I guess I better stay on his match here. Okay. I'm busy ripping the Joe Johnson
And so that I could love him guy squad to go last good every seldom happens usually the real ugly guys with the two car garage noses
That was pretty good line
Miguel mr. Needle and one and the ivory coast the code the if wow none
105 votes on the pool and the hurricane basketball have already got chinkway. Maybe they got sinko
They got five big ones five big goofballs
Somebody q.a. M that makes a team q.a. M
Neil yes sir
Yeah
Oh
Okay, am I on the radio no five six seven oh five sixty pound five my on the radio. Oh my god
You're on it all right. I think you're hatching something
So there's a big news neverland squirted wool. They've only played a few minutes here too. That's really shocking
That's how's the other ivory coast must suck really bad huh?
W. Q. A. M. Hello
Hi, American W. Q. A. M. Hello. Oh
You make me so
W. Q. A. M. Hello. Hello. Is it me you? Yes
I'm happy for them. They're
No because no because no because no because no because no because no
W. Q. A. M. Hello
Yes, it's yeah, are you doing?
Who's that in jail?
That in jail. Are you doing?
Southern Gill. Yes sir. Okay. Southern Gill. Yeah, that's Southern Gill
Stuttering Gill. Yes sir. Oh, Stuttering Gill. Yeah, you're okay in the facts machine on a phone. Staff the phone Tweet
Stuttering Gill. Well, can you understand why he's that type of thing? It's gale storm
Wow, this is really special today. I can't be getting to tell you how it just does me so much good looking at that clock
1226 already man. We're getting close to guilty time. So we can really be in that game last night. Oh, we play rewind it
We play it we uh
Re-enjoy it we can be trellin from it even the Goyang are trellin from it. Oh no go tell
Might be another excitement for coffee. We're so joy for those in orange
Gold
And badness or I simply does not miss from there
They bury you
With you calls to know that is with miss alright 28 gold for its country
And we've had a combination of goals from us all rude Van Nustery
Mr. Van Nustery is
Going to summer
Is it really got that silent J on the interview's name right? Oh my god
Toon Nill for the needle on span that one's over that's in the bag
1226 at 560 wqm if you think you might have termites in your house call ridded pest control today
For a free termite inspection ridded uses that amazing orange or a treatment ever telling about for a long time
It kills termites and there is 100% on contact. They're gone fast and you can say toned records useless
If you have termites, it's the best possible way to get rid of them. You don't have to tense your house
Nothing to be said about that. It's just gross. No worrying about poisonous gas
No moving out or staying in hotels or motels for days or even weeks
No worrying about food or your pets either and your health because the folks at ridded pest control treat your own
When it's amazing orange oil you don't have to leave it all when they're done treating the property
The only thing left behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days
So if you have a termite problem call ridded pest control right now and find out about this amazing orange oil treatment
The coast termites and their eggs 100% on contact no tending no games no kidding no BS
Call right now for a free no obligation inspection
1 800 447 4348 that's 1 800 447 4348
Be sure to tell the Todd Dreck told you to make that call. They'll really appreciate that
1 800 447 4343
48
Neal Rogers
This is 516 QAS
Why do you ask?
Oh my god it's a severed head
Yes severed head the new fab that's sweeping a nation
Everyone who's anyone has got a severed head
And if you think it's not for you then just listen to this dramatized version of an actual letter sent to us by a satisfied severed head customer
Okay, that makes $623 for all your Halloween candy
Well $623
Isn't that a lot for a bag of candy?
Well, it's our finest mixture
You two get the caramel corn balls the tapioca sugar daddies and the juice filled wax pumpkins
Well, I guess it is a good deal
Except for this severed head of the middle of the Zagnad bar sweet bantees
I'm so sorry. Please let me give you all this Halloween candy for free
You'd better. Yes, a severed head is your ticket to thousands of discounts in freebies worldwide
So pick up yours today and remember if it's not dead it hits not severed head
Did you see that trucking throw they hit the post on that one? I can't believe it
Well, I believe it almost made a two to one
But it's still too nil for Netherlands those of you soccer intensive world cup crazy people and I'd do mean crazy
The reason I played that severed head is because somebody faxist this great story from the Sun Sentinel no less
And now they working on your site you'll be you'll be able to see it
I beg your pardon now that it works on your computer
What do you mean by that? Didn't you say the Sentinel was working?
No, I can on my Firefox. I'm a little Firefox not on explorer
Well, you're up to stories and you can actually read him in print amount
It's just have issues on explore with the Sun Sentinel no other site. I don't know what that's all about
Maybe it might maybe explore doesn't like the Sun Sentinel. I can understand that I can relate to it
Come maybe they hate it like poison
Especially after that bogus article two days ago about the great education and of Howard and a big
And then all of a sudden how they doing this big expose about it was a bogus and 50% of the students were like failed
Based on national standards not too exciting man not too good
I wonder how their pull is coming on at the other thing
The education pulled they're doing on how people feel let me take a few get it before we get to the severed head
To the nil for needle lines. Oh look at that guy. Look at the expression of his
Okay, I was looking forward to about
All right
And that was before he made that expression it was a little horrible. Well, those Dutch guys most of me too pretty
Somebody got a card now where am I going now? Oh is it a red card a green card or a yellow card? Oh, it was pink
What am I looking for oh that pull let's see now the education on on a different pull now
Saying retreat is not an option these EOP dominated US House declared Friday that the Iraq war is an essential part of the war on terrorism
And that know what your old age should be set your opinion agree the US military has to stay with
Was it say until Iraq is a stabilized yada yada disagree. It's a rash job now
Or I'm not sure okay. I'm gonna disagree just just because that's what I do I disagree
Look at that
They got 406 votes on there in the new Sun sent a pull only 29% say they agree with the Republicans
And a few dozen Democrats by the way also voted against that resolution the US military has to stay until Iraq is stabilized
No matter how long 29%
68.7% say disagree. It's a rash job now. We've spent enough in tax dollars new s lives trying to fix that country
Amen and 2.2% say
I'm not sure I'm not sure no matter what the pull is is it Friday? I'm not sure
You know, whatever the question is there's always that small percentage of people who just can't finger it out
And probably those are the people that we get a lot of these calls from when you think yeah, they can't get to finger out
Although that old guy man, he's good. Maybe he'll be a regular with your jaw somewhere long. You can only pray
A man transporting his wife's severed head and a pickup truck crashed into an oncoming car coming a woman under four-year-old daughter and voisy Idaho
The impact set the head flying out of the road. Oh, no
A voisy police officer was driving behind a low-foot time truck on a busy road when he noticed a man's erratic driving
And then watch some slime into the car police spokesman Lynn Hightower said time 51 was not injured told officers
He was involved in his wife's death
After searching times house in Nampa not Tampa, but Nampa Idaho never heard that in my life
And that's something new after searching his house in Nampa police time to de-campated body of 47-year-old Theresa time
I guess her time was up in a car inside the gay rife
She liked it. Been dead for several hours. Nampa police lieutenant
Lee Roy forzman said and autopsy was scheduled next week to determine Theresa times cause of death
Time was being held on two counts of second to be murdered in the death of
Samantha Nina Murphy 36 of voisy and her daughter Jalen Grimes
Murphy's other daughter was injured and was in stable condition at voisy hospital
It was one of the more horrific and complex crime scenes in memory
Hightower said a woman and her child killed in the crash and a severed head from an earlier homicide
It was nothing short of bizarre and tragic
Wow, don't tell me how to go from this little Roy's finish
Yeah, right next to the Netherlands
Oh, that's just a repeat of the second goal. Oh, scared the hell out of me because if it gets to be three-neil man
They can roll up their stuff and go home roll up a few big fat ones and get out of there
Man, look at that tennis rodman man. He's all whipped up. He's not too happy
5 6 7 0 5 60. I wonder if there are any people in Saudi because what I'm seeing in Toronto
Because this is as an ethnic melting pot
Is that every day there's all these like when Portugal won a little bit of a countertone studio
It's like some people bloodied in the streets and still I in little Portugal. I don't even know we had a little Portugal
One thing we don't have me go. We don't have a little Havana
sucks now and there's one block where I know no no speaking English I key but that's it one block
Oh, but I did see you guys have naked news over there, which is fantastic. We have naked news. Yeah
When I was at I saw on some news station. I saw that there were in the streets of Toronto while reporting the news
Topless get out of here. You're a crazy person. That's what I saw
Right there and you don't know about that. No, you need a look at the window mister. We don't have no naked news. Oh
Oh
No, no, with a Toronto channel they were talking about naked news and then making news people were in Toronto
Oh, I see but they don't do the news here. No
Well, that's good. I'm real happy for anyway. It's too one. That's the important stuff
See try to change the subject the ivory coast just got a goal
So it's 200 needle lines for those who are keeping very close track of this crap and I do mean crap
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line
WQ a.m. Hello. Dale soccer hotline. Yes sir. Do you think the reason that the he won my size?
For the ice the me yes, that's that's the reason why actually stuff that up somebody's
What I'm hearing I think it was our windbag is the word that's the rumor going around town
Wouldn't be the first time 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in just wind last night. They kicked just kicked ass
I guess it was at the baseball game last night. Norma can't who kept threatening
He's not gonna go because they don't put a competitive team on the field. He was there again
He said I make some feel like he's back in the back house. I don't know what he means by that because he's sweating
Sweating his brains out there must be hotter than hell must be 150 degrees in a shade. It is well
That's why it goes that's part of South Florida living baby
7162 announced for last night's fifth consecutive Marlon victory three two over the braves the braves are swooning
And the marlins are making a move you know you were right yesterday now. They're only 11 games under 500
If they win 11 more in a row, they'll be back to 500. Do you think that's gonna happen? No
In fact probably this is just a with the blue jays coming into town as we can it could be pretty ugly for the Florida marlins
I don't want to suggest that Toronto blue jays are really all that good they ain't bad though
They're not half bad long division
There are only two games behind the Yankees and Red Sox man and the right division
I said talk to me in a month from now at least when they win
They know that they've accomplished something as opposed to like being some little girls division
You know, which anybody can do that
So just like in just like Detroit Red Wings man you saw what happened with them got exposed for playing like with a in the same division with St. Louis
Send the Chicago black hogs and a Columbus great jackets and they had like 20 they played 24 games against those three teams
They want 21 of them well as bogus maybe you don't see Detroit Red Wings in the finals as you do it no
You see Edmonton and Carolina with that board of game Christian goalie cam ward boy when that guy called and told me that
Now I was already rooting for Edmonton, but now now I'm gonna I'm gonna put like I'm gonna nail a dead chicken on my door this weekend before I go away
Well, here's that goal again
I think you gotta go you gotta you gotta kick in a heid there didn't he? Yeah, he did that little kick in the heid
That's bad. That's that ivory coast team man watch out for them their dirty
If you pick up what's in the mind of a player it's not so easy
If we played 40 minutes and 47 seconds of the first half at its net limelands two and the coach dev wa the ivory coast
See when you think of ivy all on and probably Ebony and ivory right right?
Right
Then we discussed that the other day plum McCarty and uh CV wonder
Well, you think of Ebony and ivory but that's basically what you got there out in the field isn't interesting enough
Oh, yeah only the ivory coast is the Ebony team and the needle ends is the ivory team
Wow looks like a racial thing to me 1241 at 560 wqm if you're a cigar smoker like taking back with a good premium brand
Then be he is cigars by Tony bruhani is absolutely for you
Absolutely these hard to find cigars are made with first grade tobacco
Processed in aged up to 10 years, but he is a real boutique cigar maker and they specialize in small batch hard to find tobacco
But he had gold a flagship line gets a 91 rating by cigar piscinata cigar insider and 9.1 rating by smoke magazine
This rich flavored web balance full body Nicaragua and cigars got earthy hints a dark roast coffee
Chocolate spiced in pepper flavors
Also be sure and check out the new but he and the say oh the hottest release cigar in the last 10 months
It's so hot you'll drop it he gets a high rating of 91 by cigar piscinata cigar insider
The the say oh is a powerful cigar with complex notes of leather earth and pepper
This is for real men. Okay like a man colder the finishes long and full body with additional spice and a noted charge would
Maybe we could send one of these over to an and so where diagram were the stick it
If you'd like to say 40% off an auger be he is cigars when you call this toll free number tell me a Roger
So did you call it will save you almost half off the regular price 40% 1 835 be here that's the number to call
1 800 35 b a h i a
This is meal Roger
What solid miss is 516 q a
How dare they drive the good name of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein torture
She's
So
You would find wearing something underneath
But your way to call
Wait, call
Every time he jumped, you could see his basketball
Man, you look great, Tired,
We Tired it for a share
In the Tired-tall night
Man, you look great, Tired,
We Tired it for a share
In the Tired-tall night
You would find in the
Tired-tall night
Man, you look great, Tired-tall night
You would find wearing
Salon, you look great, Tired
Cool Dirt
Clean
Slated
I'm sure that the XM satellite has got the World Cup.
Aren't you excited about that?
I'm sure all those truck drivers that Joe Castell was telling me about, their target
demo of the truck drivers, I'm sure they're glued into that World Cup soccer.
That's right.
I hope all for them guys.
They get to hear that good broadcasting.
Maybe Miguel can give us the excuse like Cuba doesn't have a soccer team in the World
Cup.
No, seriously.
What's the excuse all the other Latin America is a very big one.
Is Argentina?
They don't grow up real.
I beg your pardon.
We don't do soccer.
We do baseball.
What does that mean?
It's not a sport in Cuba.
Cuban doesn't play soccer for whatever reason.
Well, why not?
I don't know.
I'm from here, man.
You're supposed to be the expert, man.
I'm definitely not.
Any and all things Cuban, you're supposed to be the expert.
You say so.
Oh, see now the nervous laugh.
Everybody knows that.
The whole audience knows that.
That's what you want to hear your expert keys.
In fact, if I read bedtime stories about Fidel and Cuba all day, you'd be glued to
that radio.
You'd have it riveted to your home ear.
You know more about Cuba than I do.
I guarantee that.
I don't know anything about it.
There you go.
I know the aliens are going to live a lot longer without those happy meals.
What is it?
I was going to say a little something for you.
I know you wanted to leave it, too.
But I have a little tag for you to record for when you're on vacation.
I just thought I dropped it on you now.
What in Guaz de Mer?
Are you talking about?
You know, I've been here since 825 this morning.
And I just got it.
Well, just one.
Yeah.
Too bad.
No, no good.
What do you mean you just got it?
I just got it.
Well, I got news for you.
I'll give you like 30 seconds.
About 30 minutes.
About 30 minutes.
I got things to do, man.
My vacation starts at 2 o'clock.
And that sales department, please don't tell me this is for Brian Schmutz.
Yeah.
If anybody should know better, it should be him.
If anybody should know better, he's been in a long time.
He did go away for a little while.
But he should know better than that.
Well, he didn't bring it in.
But who the hell did bring it in?
Jen.
Yeah.
Well, now you're laying it off on her?
I'm not laying it off on any of you.
We actually like her.
Right.
At least we used to until now.
Well, we like Brian technically too.
I'm just saying.
And we did up until right now.
Right now.
Is this the Brandy's tag?
That's right.
Well, I'll tell you what's thanks to me and I'll do it on the year.
What's wrong with that?
I've done that before.
Okay.
I don't have time to wait for it to come again.
It's not right this second.
They're coming across the facts machine yet.
The audience will understand.
The audience will understand.
In fact, that will give...
That will be a good product for Brandy's there.
Great radio.
And let...
We don't care about great radio.
This is QAM.
Okay.
Better look around.
We gave that up a long time ago.
It'll let the audience to give them a heads up on what the special sales is going to be next week.
And they can all rush into Brandy's right in early Monday morning.
Now, the good idea?
That's a fabulous idea.
So send that baby along right now.
It's only like a 10 second tag.
That's what I'm saying.
Okay.
So not a big deal.
We'll do it on the year.
God, you make everything so complicated.
Two o'clock, I'm gone, man.
I will be long gone.
Just give me a heads up when you're going to do it.
Nothing that happened yesterday at two o'clock, by the way.
I almost coughed up breakfast.
That was so good.
That was great.
Do you remember that?
No.
What happened yesterday?
Oh, the...
The...
Our phasing of the...
Oh, man.
He never sounded...
In stereo, no less.
We had Mo coming out of the right speaker and left...
And even out of your rectum.
Wow, that was good.
254 votes and hurricane's basketballs got five.
Oh, doesn't get any better than that.
Left foot, one mill.
How do we play the...
This is the crap from earlier, okay?
God.
I guess it's like half time.
Oh, is it the half time now?
Oh, there's that.
Good looking Dutch guy again.
Who hasn't made a see by the age of 30, they have a real fat.
And get like all facial hair and they don't...
Oh, they just get real slumpy and...
Hey, calm down.
Why?
I'm just telling you, that's the Dutch, okay?
Oh, okay, the Dutch.
I'll give it in general.
The Dutch.
Do you want to do the tag now, you're rolling it?
Roller, here's a little...
Huh?
Go ahead, man.
Well, heads up for the audience.
It's a great time to buy spherry top-siders this weekend brandy.
It's gold cup and tan only.
Regularly $150 on sale for just $99.90.
Coming to the store or visit them online at brandyshues.com.
How is that?
That was awesome.
So one take, Neal, man.
There you go.
Oh, I should let the eye come to you.
That's the next week.
I ain't going to be here.
Okay, that takes care of that.
You see these things you make into a big problem.
Oh, gee, you better stick around.
No, I'm not sticking around.
Just stick it.
$5670560.
Come on, let's get 100 calls in here before I get out of here at 2 o'clock.
Now that we got that tag out of the way,
and now that we got to the halftime of the Needle Lens Ivory Coast game,
2-1 for the Dutch, for the old Dutchman in Stuttgart.
$5670560, 560 in the Verizon Singular wireless line.
Gildey and Mad Dog with...
Fuck!
...talk all afternoon, man.
They're going to be talking about it.
You're going to be just, oh, emotional.
Just quaking in your boots.
The series is tied to Ducy Ducy.
Thanks to that smashing heatwind last night.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Hey, Neil.
I called because you reminded me about Richa.
Years ago, WQAM was the first chatroom.
We used to call the Waterdale Line,
and you could talk over the busy signal
and you met people in that way.
The show.
Right.
And I just wanted to say hi.
I love you forever.
Thanks, sweetheart.
All right.
You want to say hi?
Well, very good.
That was awful.
I say I talked on a chat line.
They chanted it up.
Well, all right.
With Ricky Tickey.
I tried to chat him up this morning at 8.25,
but Joe Johnson gave me the wrong number.
I sure hope he passed.
I sure hope he's man enough to pass the information along
so that Rick doesn't think I shine him on his 50th year in the business.
A real, a true survivor, Ricky Tickey.
Showing even that cap is a survivor.
Bob, I said that thing really stinks.
Want to send him an email?
An email at where?
To his... the magic email.
Which is...
I'll look it up.
Get out of here.
I don't have time to be sending an email.
Now, what is that going to mean?
He's gone for the weekend, man.
You know what that's like?
It's like sending somebody a birthday card six months after their birthday.
Well, you can explain first.
Hey, you try to call him out.
I don't have to explain.
Listen, we got a few people still listening out there.
He'll get the message.
I tried to call him this morning with congratulations, baby.
Joe Johnson's the anti-Christ.
My God.
I could say something about Joe Johnson.
I'm just not going to say it.
I think he should.
And I'm not going to do it.
It would have been a very bad taste.
30 QYM, hello.
You can go any candidate.
No, okay.
30 QYM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Hi.
I'm one to call and tell you that.
For somebody in your pound five sixty one, I can't get through it.
The last, uh, week and I got cellular.
Well, everybody else is getting through it.
Oh, well, Joyce, bitch.
You bitch.
We're going to two.
Okay.
Hmm.
Everybody out there?
Have we had any other complaints about that?
No.
No, maybe he's not pounding it hard enough.
Yeah, maybe he's just not pounding it in the right place.
That could be it.
It wouldn't be the first time.
Is what I'm hearing.
1256, we got some heavy duty programming over the weekend.
We got the Crow tomorrow before the Marlin game.
Oh, my God.
We got the big.
And then we got the Crow.
That is our first bitch on Sunday.
Get out of here.
Yep.
Against the blue jays.
Why don't they wait for Montreal to come to town?
Well, that's right.
Montreal wouldn't have a team no more.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha.
Well, I guess that's a sky.
At least it's a Canadian team anyway.
That's where the Crow made his bones.
Wasn't it in Montreal and make no mistake about it?
Yeah.
And it was in Japan.
Yeah, and it was in Japan, huh?
And in Japan.
Oh, and of course in Japan against them two-foot tall midgets,
he was really good against them.
I got the Crow bondage right here, home boy.
Yeah, we got him on this weekend in spite of property demand.
I liked that one.
Yeah, good.
Four minutes to one.
I've been telling you for a long time when the old mattress is finished.
And you know, even the best mattress in the world will not last you forever,
especially with some of the heavy duty stuff you're doing on it.
Call us toll free number 1-800-Maphrist.
And believe you, me, it'll be one of the easiest pieces of shopping
you'll ever do in your life.
I've been using these people for years.
They will deliver that mattress and aid to our window that you pick out that's convenient for you.
They have knowledgeable but in consultants and lots more.
And by the way, if you have any more new pieces of copy, I'll be doing them on the year between 1 and 2.
And if you thought that dialing 1-800-Maphrist on the phone was easy,
check them out on the web at mattress.com.
Before you check out that Magic 1 or 2.7 website, check out this one, mattress.com.
Shop on the web anytime they were night with product details, presses and photos.
You can check out online or you can call the place the order
and schedule of every when it's convenient for you.
And guess what? They show up on time when you want them to.
Get factory direct prices lower than the chain stores, even during those so-called big sales plus
dialing mattress offers you 12 months financing.
What could possibly be easier?
Dialing mattress has the complete line of all the top names too.
They got silly and short of.
King Coole Simmons temperate experience and foster you with.
When you call 1-800-Maphrist, you'll get low prices on the best brands.
Dialing mattress rank number one in the world in customer satisfaction.
And I guarantee you I'll bet you I'll bet you Josh's life on it that you'll find it's one of the best pieces of shopping you ever did in your life.
That's how confident I am. That's Josh Dero by the way.
So call 1-800-Maphrist, leave off the last ass because it's in for a special saving.
This is Neil Rajrackum. This is 5.69 A.M.
Not just the 1-2 hour, it's a phenomenon.
Absolutely.
You've been working my internship at the Eurethans in Giant and now.
Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass said I was to you in half.
You've done you can find somebody good enough to fill my baking pans.
It's amazing.
Very no chance I'll have to be coming back.
I'm trying to consider me a little bit more direct.
If you want to know it'll save you from shutting that transmitter to the down.
That's easy.
You can stop all you need is smoke.
Don't think of my plan.
All you need is smoke.
Don't think of the show that goes wrong.
That's what I'm talking about.
I think you're a real tight spot.
You're the guy.
They said my reading that thought I'm down in this night.
Which radio have the rebubbing doors that is gay and civil ones?
And we did.
All you need is smoke.
Now I can't remember what all you need is smoke.
We have to go get some ice cream.
All you need is a show that goes wrong.
I'm going to get a little bit of ice cream.
You have to find a way something.
I'm going to give you that.
Are you going to go fight me?
Well, they started the second half now between Needle Lens and Ivy Coast.
Anybody whipped up about that or what?
Two to one Needle Lens with orange outfits on.
So this arm of gas is going to explain to us why the Cubans don't play soccer.
Maybe it's too much of a manly sport.
Like hockey.
Maybe it was Cuban athletes when they get close to each other.
They're getting really nervous and uptight.
Well, it is a lot of running.
Maybe it looked too late.
Maybe that's why when Castro took over, Al Pacino was running.
He really ran.
I went to Miguel remembers that.
And Godfather too, Hammond Roth.
Remember?
He had that like, huh?
You remember that?
Yes.
I've seen Josh Corners says remember.
And he claims to have watched the Godfather a hundred times.
I don't believe it.
And he thought twice.
How could anybody who have ever watched the Godfather?
That would be like forgetting this line.
You know who I am.
I'm old green.
I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
I want to make them an Alfred camera.
Nobody forgets those lines.
And nobody forgets from Hammond Roth.
Or else.
Which son of Florida sports team are you most passionate about?
Oh my God.
It's the passionate eye.
271 votes.
Dolphins 367.
I mean, that was an O-brainer, right?
Anybody knew that?
367.
None of them, 235 right on the Dolphins ass.
Hurricane's football 163, although if they lose a game or two,
well, we get really bent out of shape.
They get really foaming at the mouth.
I hate sports 103.
The heat.
Uh-oh.
The white hot red hot.
Heat.
102.
Marlins only 87.
Pretty weak.
Panthers only 65.
5.1%.
I don't even know.
I have no idea why that franchise still exists.
In fact, you know, something I'm going to guarantee right now.
If they wouldn't have had that one fluke year, that freak year,
and was a fluke, that franchise would be long gone.
Maybe playing in Peerier somewhere.
The year of the rat?
Right.
If it wouldn't have been for that, they'd be gone.
Guaranteed.
What a nightmare.
They've been living on that for a hell of a long time,
and the memories are starting to get pretty dim now, you know.
They're starting to get really dim.
They should have stayed in the pink building.
Yeah, but they were losing their ass in there.
Yeah.
Wayne wanted the money.
Don't you understand?
So we got to build him in a arena and then he sold a team, of course.
Like everything else.
How's that blockbuster park coming away?
You jackass.
You bald-headed, top-mark geek.
God, we hate you.
Panthers 65.
Pretty weak.
I hate this pool only 28.
They like it.
Hurricanes basketball 15, and Hurricanes basketball, they don't like it.
So lament they say, say, say, say, say, 5 6 7 0 5 50, it'll be 7 0.
You'll see, but before two o'clock we're going to bet 7th vote for Hurricanes basketball.
We don't want them to feel bad.
Do we?
I guess not.
Never mind a couch jumping in the depression dismissing.
Tom cruises the world's number one star.
You fairy.
According to Forbes Annual Celebrity 100 Power List, which ranks famous folks based on
earnings and buzz, the buzz.
I wonder if Spilky's in a race still buzzing it on Channel 7.
I guess she still is.
I'm Draco Dry.
She's still there.
Now they're in a race.
She's what?
She's not on Draco Dry.
Is that true still on?
Yeah.
How about the extension show there on the middle of the afternoon?
How's that doing?
I saw him on CNN yesterday.
It wasn't been nice to him.
But somebody got hurt.
Just like the one he had in front of the stadium.
The less than scientific rating tracks the highest paid stars from the worlds of television
film, music and sports said, Enter Lea Goldman.
Oi!
Well, this year's rankings included an especially strong showing by British stars,
Holy moly.
It's what kind of currency does the stars name have Goldman said?
It's increasingly important how they're perceived in both industry circles and
commercial circles.
And this list represents who has cach in both arenas.
They got the old cach.
But there's a shot on gold.
You see that?
He just kind of like rolled it in there and the goal is said no problem.
Yeah, it's real exciting.
That was very exciting.
And there was a scintillating saying as Danny Galivan would say only he's dead.
Cruz is the only celebrity in top list twice.
I wonder if there's any hockey on my channel.
I can't watch any more of this crap.
Let me know if something happens.
Oh, it's the colder cup finals.
Anybody care about that?
No.
Got some task in the Abaskable.
At all.
Harris scored after Mikhail Smith.
Celtic snow for getting the ball down toward in the horizon.
Lot of ways.
George.
That sounds like Dick Stockton to me, boy.
See, ever, pedantic.
Dick Stockton, thanks, good boy.
Very pathetic.
I don't mind him, but yeah, oh, I don't like him at all.
Now we got to leave slunch on now so there's no hockey game.
Maybe we got to replay a last night's basketball game on there.
You think I'm right after TV?
Oh, there's Pat Riley.
Yeah.
Side has for one another.
I wouldn't doubt it because it was an instant classic.
What do you mean?
Meaning like, you know, ESPN classic.
Oh, plays time.
It's, you know, in all sports.
And there's your three time NBA coach of the year, Pat Riley.
You know what he said?
He said he would take all of these papers and drop them in the trash can and advise them.
Said you can take those heat and drop them in the trash.
I heard him say it.
And you hear that?
Anyway, let's get back to this very important list here.
Okay?
Move you important thing.
You ready for it?
I'm ready.
He is one of Cruz's the only celebrity and dropped the list twice.
He was also number one in 2001.
And he was also that in 2001.
And still is.
He's one of the few guaranteed bankable stars, Goldman said.
No one in Hollywood can negotiate the kind of salary he gets.
He's probably the highest pay a day personality in the world, I would think.
With estimated income of $67 million last year, Cruz was not the top money owner.
But his couch hopping, our antics on Oprah, his dismissive comments about Brooksheel's postpartum depression.
And whirlwind, Tony Romance with Katie Holmes, made him one of the most talk about stars of the year.
He's ranked, he ranked 10th in last year's list.
But he's back to number one.
He's on the top of the heap.
He's on top.
And of course, a lot of people are winning.
Well, who's that bottom then?
The British scored high with the Rolling Stones coming in second.
Harry Potter authored JK Rowling in 19th place.
And Paul McCartney, Elton John, at 14th and 16th.
Elton John.
You fairy.
American Idol Big Shot Simon College, who underlisted number 29.
David Beckham, fell from 26th all the way down to 43rd, speaking of soccer stiff.
And Kate Mosschak, taught in at 77th.
Ireland's YouTube came in at number four.
Ireland's U4 came in at number two.
Others from the US included German from outside the US, including German racing driver Michael Schumacher.
Russian tennis player Maria Sharapova, Brazilian football player.
Renau, Renau, Renau, Renau, Renau, Renau, Renau, Renau, Dino.
They just showed him on there and he doesn't want to play because he's out of shape and too fat.
Supermodels Heidi Klum of Germany, and Giselle Bunchen of Brazil, and Swedish golfer, and E. Anika Sirinstam.
Prenio Forbes's list favorite, talk to your host, Oprah Winfrey, who claimed the number one spot last year,
dropped to number three in the latest rankings.
The $225 million she pulled into the court in the Forbes should ease the pain.
All four baby only made $225 million last year.
How about you heard of a facelift? How about a body lift for that bitch?
God, talk about making a lot of no talent. She's the champion.
There are other people who have gone far with very little talent, but I'm going to tell you.
Oprah tops that list. Is there any doubt?
No.
Although I'll tell you one thing now, this hasn't got to do with talent because he's obviously a very brilliant guy.
But Microsoft announced yesterday that German and co-founder Bill Gates is transitioning out of a day-to-day rule
to the company Effective July of 2008 to spend more time working on his charitable foundation.
Effective July of 2008.
That's a pro-poder.
Yeah, talk about a long goodbye.
It's like that Jay Leno thing. Oh, Jay's going to be leaving in 2009.
Wow, we should all live so long, you know.
Winfrey's Winfrey pales next to Steven Spielberg's take of $332 million.
He was the year's highest paid celebrity. He ranks number six on the Forbes list.
So not necessarily it's money and buzz.
Who the hell's talking about Steven Spielberg, right?
Next to me, tell me about Steven King in that awful movie we were talking about yesterday.
What was it again?
Sleepwalkers.
Sleepwalkers. Boy, is that a piece of dirt or what?
Although I do like whatever his name is. A lot.
At least I did then.
Satellite radio star and self-proclaimed King of all media Howard Stern was the second highest paid celebrity with a Paltry 302 million.
He plays seven times the list of 20 spots from last year.
So how he's got 302 million last year.
Let's take up a collection. What are you saying?
Tiger Woods who pulled in a mere 90 million earnings rank number five,
Vesting fellow golfer Phil Nicholson who plays the 18th.
Well, I'll tell you when golfer starts showing up on his list, then you know the world's in big trouble.
Rapper 50 Cent ever made Forbes list before, but this year he captured number 8 spot thanks to his top selling ringtones.
His G unit clothing line and records sales are more than 20 million.
No other rapper made a list.
And I bet you there going to be some shootings as a result of it.
There's a lot of fluctuation goldman said has to do with which celebrities what they're doing and how much they're getting paid for it.
The cast of these sopranos which earned a total of 52 million for their seven season place number nine.
Author Dan Brown who's mega best seller of the Da Vinci code sold a staggering 61 million copies and spread the years more anticipated controversial film rounded out to top 10.
Brad Pitt was number 11 last year.
He dropped a 20 in spite of his high profile relationship and resulting offspring with Angelina Jolie.
Brad is dropping it.
Jolie also made the list time for 35th place with Pitt's ex Jennifer and Aniston.
That interesting there they're side by each you see the way that works.
Yeah, they got that French connection Mel Gibson.
Oh my God who topped the list in 2004 ranked number three last year didn't even make it this time.
Jesus hate him.
Neither did Madonna who ranked number eight last year.
Lance Armstrong will feral Julia Roberts and Lindsey Lohan all placed primarily last year, but this year vanished.
Authorist new to the celebrity 100 pops like how just film a draw 22 actor keeper seven and 68 and you pick with his American TV and radio personality Ryan C. Crest through fair 88.
He was number 88 nothing in Hollywood is complete.
It says without Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie.
Hilton was number 56 and Richie number 95.
And if I receive Paris Hilton again, it'll be much much too soon.
If I never see her, it'll be no, I mean, sir.
How's this game coming?
A Swiss player already we show on re-worship.
I can't believe it pocket rockets playing soccer now.
Is that what you just said on re-worship?
I don't know.
1288 that's pretty great.
You wonder why we're going to go over 1300 during the show.
Mark this down.
I think that's twice this week and you wonder why?
Why?
No George.
That's just it. That's just a joke.
I'll tell him you were taking shots.
Yeah, tell him I took some to what you threw him under the bus yesterday.
I forget what that you said was something really grotesque and horrible.
Now, yes you did.
You threw him right out of the bus.
Remember how crowded it's getting under there?
Fat boy tried to throw him under the bus.
You're bigger guys than you have tried to throw a Jordan under the bus and couldn't do it.
So just give it up.
Well, look at that C of R in there.
Man, is that exciting?
The man's leaving better than that.
It's in the full bus.
You're going to see it.
Yeah, be, yeah, be, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, be, yeah.
There you go, baby.
That's all you need to know about soccer.
Soccer?
Hey, if you love to find your things in life and you love stogies,
my least quintessential cigar shop in Kindle, with South Florida's largest selection cigar.
Stogies of Kindle is sure to have all your favorites.
Stogies got over a thousand open boxes of cigars that you can pick from,
including a lot of your favorites, Arturo Fuente, Padrone, Monte Cristo, Romeo and Juliette,
and lots more.
And a large selection of premium cigars that close out prices, as well as the obscure and hard to find the Stogies.
Come into Stogies today and enjoy a smooth smoke in their wine lounge featuring some of the finest boutique wines from around the world.
And be sure to join Stogies this evening and every Friday for their wine tasting five to eight in the PM,
featuring some of the most delicious burdos that France has to offer.
Located into 116, 12 North Kindle Drive and open every day, seven days a week,
be sure to say hi to Mario and the girl Sandra and Yanni, they like having their names on the Eurot.
Hey, Sandra, Yanni and Mario, and when you say hi, you get a free cigar of a day.
That's its Stogies, 116, 12 North Kindle Drive, call them to reserve a box of all your favorites cigars at 305-598-9820.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 516-2-A-L.
2-2-A-L!
I've been everywhere man. I've been everywhere man. I've been everywhere man. I've been everywhere man.
I've been a renalist cargo, fargo minister, the buffalo's run-go, winslow's ass,
little witchie don't know, Mario home home, the pepper's found him a maddle alive.
We're gonna South Carolina and Oklahoma and Arizona.
I've known this owner a new way to go in Texas, in New York.
My city is free, man. I've been everywhere man.
We're gonna California, in New York. We're gonna South Carolina and Oregon.
I've been everywhere man. I've known this owner a new way to go in Texas.
I've been a bolstered child, from these Louisiana.
I've been Oregon, we're gonna California and Texas.
I've been a caliph, a blue rust, black rust, little rung off these cigars.
We're gonna South Carolina and Michigan.
I've been a lake devil, a lake crater, a lake of beastling.
I've been everywhere man. I've been everywhere man.
I've been everywhere man. I've been everywhere man.
And then we're gonna watch it again, see the take back to White House.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Funny after one man. I've said that we got a really exciting game there at the World Cup in Stuttgart.
Two to one for Needlelands and they played like 40, 62 and a half minutes.
Well I've said it one thing, but they get another one Needlelands. It's gonna be really tough in it.
Yeah. Sydney Bloomington writes the risks of raising hopes.
I don't want to read too many of these, but of course, let me go and just look the other way.
Miguel's gonna do some research on why they don't play soccer in Cuba.
Okay.
Well I read this story by Sydney Bloomington.
First I was surprised to visit the bag that on Tuesday was Mission Accomplished in a business suit.
And Mission Accomplished in the flag jacket as in Don't Give Us No Flag.
We're gonna send to the FBI to your door three in the morning.
Like Mission Impossible.
Don't start with that time croust up again.
You ferry!
Month before an air strike, Hill Abumus, St. Paul's, or Kaua.
US military commanders and intelligence officers in Iraq tried to persuade the office of the defense secretary,
Donald Hermann, Gary Rumsfeld, and the White House, to degrade his inflated image.
They resisted ultimately for domestic political reasons as a military source told me.
President Bush's statement of Wiki Gosez, our Kaua was the operational commander of the terrorist movement in Iraq.
And that his death, the night before, was a severe blow to Al-Qaeda.
But that we can expect the terrorists and insurgents to carry on without him.
Superficially sober, Bush's remarks can play the deep lone wolf's, their Kaua without Kaua.
Though, our Kaua is taken on the Al-Qaeda label as sub-proplanned grandiosity,
and the Al-Qaeda leader, Aiman Iman, the prime minister of Zawari had denounced him,
and with the inter-soonly insurgency with which their Kaua had been in conflict.
If our Kaua is killing was a new version of Saddam Hussein's capture, we got him.
Bush is surprised to visit to Iraq on Tuesday, was mission him accomplished in a business suit.
Six months after the Iraq election with a prime minister, Nuri Al-Maliki,
at least having appointed defense and interior ministers and the sectarian civil,
amid a sectarian civil war, Bush said they themselves had to get some things accomplished.
One thing Bush was trying to accomplish was a reversal of his own fortunes.
Their college death had provided a convenient platform for the unfolding of his scripted theater,
featuring the midnight flight to Baghdad, and repeated references to 9-11,
but no new initiatives for a political solution.
President Bush and his speech on October 7, 2002, making the case for invading Iraq,
first introduced their Kaua to the world as Exhibit A in Saddam's links to international terrorist groups.
We know that Iraq and Al-Qaeda have had high-level contacts that go back a decade, he said.
A CIA report made public in October 2004 found no evidence of any links between Saddam and Zawari.
Kaua, who in any case did not operate in Iraq until after his release,
from a seven-year sentence that adjoining in prison in 1999.
Since the rise of the Iraqi insurgency, US military intelligence has been directed
to build up Zawari's profile as its leader through a psychological warfare, a Syop effort.
On April 10th, Washington Post reported on interned documents about this Syop,
that list the US Home Audiences as one of the targets of a broader propaganda campaign.
Accordably 2000 briefing, in 2004 briefing, the goal was,
villainized our Kaua, leverage xenophobia response.
One military intelligence officer involved stated that Zawari's followers were very small part of the actual numbers of insurgents,
but since that little bearing on the program.
In a new documentary, meeting resistance, insurgents explained their motives and actions
from the first days of the insurgency until now.
I began to see something that we'd become an occupied country, says one.
Some expressed their hostility in 2004 to Zawari as an obstacle to unity against the occupation.
But not as an impediment to the insurgency's popular growth.
Whether it's our Kaua is captured dead or alive has no impacts of the insurgency.
Bush's latest effort to foster belief in a turning point may trap him within his own Syop.
Until he successfully encodes the Sunni's neopolitical process and creates a new international diplomacy,
he remains narrowly circumscribed and circumsized by the consequences of his accumulated failures.
Verdened by years of misjudgment, this information and delusion is again raised expectations
which may lead to deeper disillusionment within the US home audience.
You know that US home audience?
Oh, do you see that guy get tripped out there? That's bad. That's two months for tripping, baby.
That's your boy too. Even I know that.
Or the good looking guy got tripped or get him while he's down.
Well, that's the idea, isn't it?
Well, let's see, we'll get a free kick here now, the Dutch.
Oh, this could be a very opportune moment here for the Dutch.
They've paid 66 and a half minutes.
Six orange shirts ahead of him.
And from the vast interested in this too.
You kept the failing. CZA could be vulnerable.
When you hear those voices, I mean, you know constipated.
I mean, I blocked it. I didn't like that. The dark detective guy blocked the kick.
The free kick. That was weak.
One that weak?
Pretty weak.
He kicked it right into him for crying out loud.
1300 eight votes on a pool.
Which South Florida sports team are you the most passionate about?
You get all whipped up into a frenzy about it and don't be giving me a son dance about lately, okay?
I know that phony vote down there.
Dolphins 383, none of them 340 flat, 340.
Hurricane football 165 until they lose again.
Heat 106. There we go. That thing has been zooming up there ever since last night's trouncing of the Dallas Maverick's 98 to 74.
A trouncing. They had more trounced to the house than that's because had that icy sleeve up.
He had something icy up his sleeve.
And that what it is? That's what it is.
I hate sports 105. Marlins only 89.
Boy, the Marlins are and the Panthers only 68 5.1%.
I hit this pool 29. Hurricane's basketball 16.
And Hurricane's basketball. I tell you. See if they maybe.
Safety. They got seven. Did I predict that?
No.
And it was probably Jero keeps the M.J. Roqueach and Micros and Tal and probably Robert Grieper are voted.
Did Grieper go to UN? No.
FAU.
Oh, FAU. FAU.
FAU. FAU.
Do you?
Do you?
Do you?
Do you?
Do you?
Do you?
Do you?
Do you?
Do you?
Do you?
Do you?
Do you?
Do you?
Do you?
Do you?
Do you?
Do you?
Do you?
Do you?
Do you?
Do you?
Do you?
Do you?
Do you?
Do you?
Do you?
Do you remember this golden gasser?
wonderful WQAM.
I'm a f- f-
Baby, when they see that we're lacking in the form
Baby, from about ahead lies that we'll be you by the throne
Welcome to the stage
And said, is the one
We get now they have only one
They take the land
Don't put the car to the ground
We got up, now we're all putting the same
You got us, they won't look so close
You got us, where is my key for us
You say my love is what they got you to believe
Can't get any gumbo but a home party car will take place
You believe, what they say
And said, like a ball
And a turdable ball has been you for the nation
So scary, a snake to the core
And a whole twist to you
Well, the election of, we got up
Who's your strongest king, we got up
This is on your knees
Three bottles
Oh, 133, one sentence of attention is so that you could cut it with a butter knife in this tennis man
I mean, it's so soccer
Really? I got some info for it
I have some cube of soccer in it for 40 if you want it
75 minutes and 42 seconds they've played out of the 90 minutes and then of course it is the extra time
And even when still leads the Ivory Coast to the 1S
They do play soccer, they have a 16-team league
They're just not in the world cup because they didn't qualify their lost to Costa Rica
Oh, see there you go, I see you don't know your Cuban stuff at all, man
This is quite a banner day, you walk around like your Mr. Cuba, like your the expert
You probably never said foot in the country in your life
So what's on the you know about it? I don't
Can be a expert on Canada, you never been here? Yes, I have actually
Where the hell have you been? I was a kid, I went to Toronto
Really? Yes
Well, don't come back
Actually, if you did come to Toronto then you can get on a plane at Pearson Airport and fly right to the van
How do you like that? Yeah, but they don't want to be able to see my family ever again
Why is that? That because they'd be mad at me
Well, why the hell is that? So in other words instead of listening to propaganda, oh look at that
Oh, oh my god, that was close call there maybe, the ivory coast with the most is 40% pure
Oh, another shop that that's going over the net
I'm almost actually starting to get interested in this and I know it's almost
Well, seriously, in other words you wouldn't want to go and see what really is going on there, go visit Aelion
Maybe you have a couple of sandwiches
No, I could have a bite on it
Put on your guayabera's and go visit the delogium when the poisons are gars
No, I'm good
Okay, well, there's your chance, there's your opportunity man, I thought we just made you have a great idea for it
No, interesting going on
Then you could be the voice of authority, so they lost a Costa Rica
Yes
And the elimination is what it is, when you're trying to say they suck
Yeah, Canada, Canada on the other hand doesn't even have a national soccer team
We didn't got nobody there, and then embarrassing
Well, maybe the same thing happened
No, they didn't lose any, they don't have a team
There is no Canadian national soccer team
There is no Zest soccer
How big your partner?
Canadians, you can't really talk around
No, the reason they said for that is that soccer is basically for the, you know, and there are some exceptions
But it's mostly a warm weather sport, because they got to practice all year round and half of the year here they got snow and crap and they can't do that
There's no, well, there's not
Well, there's not
Get your grass up there
Get your indoor soccer on
In other words, you know, all those Sweden's got a team, so what's the excuse for that?
Sweden's in the crab, and it's much worse weather than we got
Indoor
And that's what they were saying last night, they said that they got to start doing indoor soccer
That's exactly what they said
Well, you got your finger right on it, it was posted in the gale, who we just talking about his ass
About Cuba, never even been there
Never been there
Joanne, how much Cuban did you mean?
That would be like my giving information about Amsterdam and I never would have been there
Where have you heard information about Cuba for me?
That's all you talk about
For you
For you, and I, even your wife is getting sick of it, she's tired of it
Cuba, Cuba, Cuba was Cuba
My God
I mentioned a hymen wrothing, why do we start going like that?
I couldn't believe it
Get over it already, where did you get over it? Get with the program, man
Hey, Michael was right though
What was that?
The rebels were going to win
What did he just say?
Oh, the rebels are going to win you, okay
See, there he goes again with this Cuban history
How come all those people were running away?
How come all those courageous people by the way were running away?
79 minutes and two seconds, see, you think they would be good soccer players
Because they learned then to run real fast, they looked like in that movie
They were running like a son of a bitch
Yeah, but they didn't know how to run back, that was the problem
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, but you just wait, man, till all those green tooth exilios till they go back baby then
They're going to give it L what for, you just wait, that's coming, that's coming
Well, he's got to die, you know, sometime in the next hundred years
And then maybe we can get like some politicians in the left of a till of the Hun in the Dave County again
Well, that piece of it, we're going to give you a huge back in office
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the, on the Verizon Singular wireless lines
Maybe we can get Johnny Jones back with some of them golden bathroom fixtures to run the school board
WCWAM, hello, not there, that's a shame, QAM, hello
QAM
NEO, yes, alright, one wink and I did it, finally
You did it
Well, yeah, A-list and NEO, you know, I agree with this about all the movies you like
Go Magnolia, you know, so I'm pretty much right there in your case
But, Josh keeps on you about the Shawshank Redemption
Yeah
NEO, I'm telling you guys, it's a great, it's a must-see movie
I have the DB sitting right in the other room
I know you bought it, I know you're going to vacation, I'm just saying NEO, dude
Check it out and I want to hear your comments when you come back and make it a good guy
Okay, and a scale of 10, what would you give it?
Honestly, because it really touched me, man, I'll say I'll give it an 8.5
Really?
Yes, sir
That's a nice goal, even better than train spotting
NEO, you're going to love it, hey Josh, it's Doug, send my love to Georgia
I'll see you guys soon, peace out
Alright, thanks, Polly, thanks, Derrick
Rhymes with, so there's Derrick, yes, I have a recommendation to leave Shawshank
Do you know what those things, huh?
It's a really good movie
I'll watch it, and did you watch the match in your heroes yet?
No, I, oh there's a shot on goal in the Dutch goal, he just might have a very easy save
He's got to get you that movie and also standing in the shadows of Motown
And there was a pretty weak shot in the goal he made to say it, well, see that, that's a big news in soccer
Because there's so few shots on goal, you know
It's like when the Chicago Black Hots are playing the same Louis Blues
81 minutes and 13 seconds, boys, starting to get really tense now
And then we get to that 90 minute mark and they show us their little
Vingelberry on there, it's got the extra time and we find out how much time they got
From like injury time and over that Netherlands has got seven shots
And the Ivory Coast has got 15, wow, that is heavy duty man, 15 shots, that's all the shots
From what I've seen, I thought I'd pay any attention to this crap
But you know, if you want to be a member of the world, you've got to pretend to be interested in this crap
Just remember that the world is all about crap
1335 votes on our pool and Hurricane's basketball speaking of crap, still stuck there on seven
This is Neil Rogers
This makes you want to say, what's in the box?
All the crap you can unwrap, all the slime, all the time
He's done like a moron
Every time he sees the way he gone, wants to speak
He wants to take his city and cover it in sleep
Ray-N-A-G-K-N
Ray-N-A-G-K-N
Ray-N-A-G-K-N
Ray-N-A-G-K-N
Cause he wants to make a new or a lease piece of food
And I don't care what people are saying
Just like Jesse Jackson, we as black people
His calm and sound is on
Sure the God is man
He compares the locals to a willy-wank-a-pot
Chocolate, and...
Yes, Renee-N-A-G-N
Ray-N-A-G-N
Cause he wants to make a new or a lease piece of food
It's time for us to come together
It's time for us to rebuild a New Orleans, the one that should be
Uptown, all the way over the hill
This city will be chocolate, a chocolate New Orleans
He never takes the blame
For anything he says
Chocolate at the end of the day
That chocolate and some coffee and a little of wine for theirs
Renee-N-A-G-N-A-G-N
Renee-N-A-G-N-A-G-N
No I can't
Ray-N-A-G-N-A-G-N
Cause he wants to make a new or a lease piece of food
You can't have New Orleans no other way
It was made to fall
It just wouldn't be as dumb without Ray-N-A-G
It was the mayor
I mean, whatever happens to them, that's the deserved
Cause they had a chance to get rid of this bozo
And they re-elected him
So whatever you people in Nolines get, you deserve it
They didn't want it no other way
Well, there you go, it wouldn't have been the same
It wouldn't have been as incompetent and as stupid
And of course, keep in mind, he was the one that told him
All to go to the auditorium there
And a...
Oh, voila, and to the stadium, the stupid dome
And then let him take stuff like that
He just totally in company, he's a bozo, he's a moron
And so we got re-elected
See, this is what you deal with when you deal with the people in vote
They have like a death wish
88 minutes and 31 seconds in a clock is ticking, ticking, ticking along
By the way, the letter
Yes
You guys did fail to make the World Cup
Oh, can it do this, have a team?
Yes, they do have a team
I didn't know that
There's a men and women's team
There's a whole soccer...
Well, they suck soccer.com
They stink
It's not a high priority here
Okay, when you got it, when you got, you know, all these tributes to the late great curler, Sandrish-Murler
And it's not a high priority here
Okay, when you got it, when you got, you know, all these tributes to the late great curler, Sandrish-Murler
And important things like that
Plus we got playoffs going on, baby, we got the Edmonton Oilers
And you got the Carolina Hurricanes with Born Again, Goli-Cam War
But I just, I can't get over that
Or nearly I ignore stuff like that, but that just thrust my ass
Plus he's ugly
Anyway, how many votes we got under pull?
We got 89-12, which means there's only like 46 seconds now left in regulation
And then you get the extra time
But the ball is way down there in the Ivory Coast, asked in, way in the corner
And you see how he's stalling there?
Do you see that?
And then he finally kicked it off that guy out of bounds
And the clock is ticking, ticking, ticking, ticking, all right
Just stupid, just stupid sport
So you can even just don't participate in the stupid sport
It's like curling and stuff like that
Doesn't matter at all
W-D-Q-A-M, hello
W-D-Q-A-M, hello, I like the sound of that tone
Q-A-M
Very, here?
Yes, sir
Good show, how are you, Neil
Okay
I heard you were talking about when I came into the market
And the 50th anniversary and all that stuff
Rick
Yes
Holy cow, it didn't sound like you at all
Are you sure fake me out?
No, it's not
No, it's not
Well, I'm trying to call you this morning with Joe Johnson's an idiot
Well, I'm sure glad you got in, because I felt bad
And what I've been calling was in college, it's been busy this afternoon
Oh my God, I know what I don't take any, I don't take any calls
Because it could be, you know, somebody I don't want to talk to
In your case
Well, I thank you so much, I appreciate it
Well, congratulations, my friend, I'm so glad we got together, man
When you do me all, I do everybody a favor and wash that cap
I'm going to get it new in an honor of you
How long have you been doing?
It's probably generally last six or eight months
It depends on how many times I've been caught in the rain, you know
Six or eight months?
Yeah, yeah, sure, then you were pregnant
Come on, Rick, that one I saw you in a dolphin game ten years ago
You were in the same one
I can sniff it all the way up here, man
That's what I'm going to save and send it over to you
So you came to mind me well, because I thread jik is calm again
I'm glad that he gave you a cos you deserve it, but you know, it was still convoluted about when you were here and when you went there
Well, when did you do that?
Well, in the last 50 years, I actually have just graduated from high school
And I think that my English teacher was a part-time weekend DJ
If this was 250, what thing that was the way I'm radio station and you say
Wait a minute, graduate from high school in 56 or four years older than I am
Not that we're doing ages away, I think I'm just figuring it out
I'm 67, I'll be 68, not over
You and I will meet at the early bird one of these days in the morning
That's all I'm glad, man
You and me in a hang called me at the early bird
Okay, so then you came to mind me in what year?
Thank you, I am in 1960
I was on the year in East St. Louis for a couple years
I went to Omaha, Nebraska, K-O-I-L, on September for about three months
It was two damn cold
It came down here in 1960, what is now IOT, it was WCKR back then
And I went to QIMN 63 and like that
So it was the 1960s
So it was 46 and a half years here
I got something, oh I don't have it anymore, it was called the Wacker Twist
We've got it on a card somewhere, it's an old one
Oh yeah, yes, you can hear it
I've got that somewhere
Yeah, oh yeah, that's going way back
Yeah, going back as it in the year
So we both worked at WIOD, just had different callers when you were there
Exactly, yes, right
Oh wait, wait, wait, here it is, you'll love this, isn't it for you?
Okay
I have it, I have it
Everybody do, WCKR twist
Oh my god
WCKR twist
How's that, huh?
Over at Fizzler, that's a privilege
Bring back the memories
It sure does
Yeah, well it's been a fun one
It has been, and you're still doing it, man
I had last week going in the Belmont, you know, I'd do the thing with Dave Johnson three times here for the people
Carl Marais, he calls him
Yep
And I said the day, if I said, you know, he, I was thinking about what you would call him, he's legendary
You know, as far as race callers are concerned
You know, jerking his legendary and Dave Johnson
And in a radio business, at least in South Florida, you are legendary and make no mistake
Thank you, I just like to say, I outlasted anybody I was fortunate enough to be at the right station at the right time
And it's all kind of worked out, you know, so God bless, I...
Anybody who could survive 50 years in that market, man, I just, I tipped my, uh, cap to you if I had one
Well, thank you very much, Eli, I appreciate it
And tell Joe Johnson to get with it
I know he's in antipression
Okay, many more work
Thanks to him
Thank you
How do you like that? That would be incredible
It all worked out, that was sensational
Because we're just, you know, picking up the calls, I mean, the girls too lazy to screen him, like everybody else does
Yeah, out of the people in this room, I have
No, he actually really faked me out there, I did, usually when he calls and I recognize his voice
But I had no idea who that was
Oh, we're in time, I had it now in the soccer game, we did a nice talk up
You know, Ricky's known for his great talk up
I gotta tell you, I thought the best was when he told you he was Rick Shaw
And then after he's told it to you again, then you went, oh, Rick, you know, no, I maybe I didn't hear him the first time
Yeah, you didn't
I was busy, one
Listen, there's a lot of drama in the soccer match, man, I don't want to get distracted
But now I have some guy with a silly cap
For the Rooster's indiscretion, let me know if you can
Oh, no
They have a chance
And they're 19 years
How many really quite a second go?
No, they're having a hard time
What timing here today, huh? The Dutch have done it
The Dutch are doing a lot
Full of swelter Africans do, they're going home
So I don't think the Dutch do all that much
It's most of the tourists who are busy doing it
The Dutch are busy trying to find a good meal and believe me without too much success
So that was really good, so I can throw this thing away
And Joe Johnson's into the air
And all my best and my good friend Dick Feindberg from Poppedo Park
So about stab in the back, but you know, it goes with life
You do a really good job and you go out there and everybody likes you and says, hey, great job
And then, but I'm paying when he least expected
He'll be okay, he'll land on his feet
But there's a guy that the human looking guy from, I'll put your shirt back on please
1.52 a.m.
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.16 Q.A.O
Dick, Joe
Go play
All the heart first
No, no, no, every time I see
That three-part, it came with you
No, no, no, no
No, no, no, no
He's president of the f***ing world
Rap however it was so difficult
And in our kingdom and India
I don't know why
They were the ones who wanted to ever know
He's here first known to them for you
That's just a new thing
He's president of the f***ing world
He's coming from the f***ing world
All what I give to them both are small
And get to we all voted for
Yeah, you want this?
Don't love love, it's drumming
See this?
Don't love love
And this drunk in which here?
Don't love love, he's even
Lover than me
He's president of the f***ing world
Yeah, don't care what it's all
You got a man by hook or throw
The Christian ride
No, it's not that you and I
But I don't feel it
We've got a great leader
With president of the f***ing world
He's got like looking black to you
He's a very scary guy
Make no mistake about that
Anyway, you realize how fortuitous that was?
See, probably the reason I didn't hear Rick in the beginning
Did he say that in the very beginning of the call to Rick's show?
He said, hey, Neil, it's Rick
Oh, I didn't hear that
And you thought it was a crack?
No, I didn't think it was anything
I didn't hear him say that
Listen to me, let me just tell you right now
Do you really believe that like in the last hour
I wait nine months for this moment
You think in the last hour that I'm really paying attention to these calls when I put them on?
As long as he was making the final tubes in the transmitter glow
And making any kind of a sound
That's all I cared about, I wasn't paying any attention
Me neither were moving nor was I
And who would pay attention to most of the calls we get anyway, right?
Right
But the most interesting part of that thing is
Goes to show my psychic powers again because
That was pretty much going to be the last call I was going to take today
And it was like all line lines
What I say? All line lines, line lines
We're flashing at that point
And I punch up line two, you see that?
Look at this go
It's like magic man
It's that psychic power again if I could only work at woodbind to find that good machine
I'd be loaded
Speaking of loaded man, we're going to be loaded with that for hours
And hours make no mistake about
Final score needle ends too
And those other guys won
