Thanks for the fast, Eric.
Good morning.
Every time we have a little technical snapple,
they're always trying to connect to us on this end.
And you know what?
It's never on this end.
But it's good exercise though.
George has me climbing on a ceiling and doing cartwheels
and pot-king around what is.
And I'm plugging that.
And it always is on that end.
Technical snapple here?
Yeah, that's because there's always like I told Jolia the day
in our conversation.
There's always too many hands in the pot, so to speak.
A lot of people want to smoke it, but too many hands in it.
Too many people messing around in that room.
At any rate, did you even go to Culver yesterday?
No, I didn't.
And I sure feel bad that you talked me into going to Woodbind.
You did right.
Isn't that what happened?
I didn't have good vibes yesterday.
Oh man, your vibration sensor is a lot better in mind.
It was a disaster.
There was no good machine.
I mean, oh, it was bad.
And I stayed too long.
But you know something that's the way it goes.
That you changed my life.
Did you enjoy the day?
Yeah, and you know something that's much more philosophical.
Even if I have a really bad day, which I did, the worst I've had in a long time,
it's, uh, who cares?
Is that going to change my life?
Yep.
Right?
That's right.
Going to take a lot of bad days to change our lives.
Yes, that's true.
Speaking of changing our lives, I had a call.
I don't know if you heard it, but I had one of the great calls in history.
Yesterday on this show, it was just some old geezer calls up to tell me that
he was lucky enough as a young man to attend the funeral of JFK.
Then 20 years later, he attended the funeral of JFK Gleason.
He wants to know, do I have any plans for some kind?
I guess this must have been after I read the thing about Chuck's things Memorial Service.
Yeah.
Do I have any plans for a Memorial Service?
So he can, because he thinks it would be gigantic and it would be the biggest one ever in South Florida and everybody.
I said, let me ask you something.
Sir, how old are you?
He says, I'll be 60 in October.
I said, well, I'm 63 and I guarantee I'm going to outlive you by 10 years.
I don't worry about it.
I don't know like that.
It's a hobby.
This guy.
I have no life.
He attends the funerals of well-known people.
You know what?
That's like the wedding crashers, the movie.
Didn't see it.
You should see it.
That's a very funny movie.
It reminds me of the scene in network where William Holden is telling Faye Dunnaway about after he gets canned, about how he's so bored and he spends most of his time going to funerals of his old friends.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's true.
I mean, what kind of a life is that going going to?
And this guy, I'd say about 98% of this was serious.
This wasn't a put on.
Well.
So he wants to know, so I'll tell you what, maybe I can sprinkle my ashes on his living room floor if I croak first.
How's that?
You want to be cremated?
Oh, yeah.
Where do you want your ashes to go?
Oh, I would say the finished line of popular would be good.
Okay.
In fact, maybe Fat Rich and I can argue for eternity about the three horse and whatever.
That's a good idea because, you know, why you're doing, you can do it during the races so that people go up there and while they're waiting for the event, can bet.
Right.
So you have action too.
I'm putting up action yesterday.
I believe the last a long time.
It's a good thing to do for your friends.
Yeah.
So let them come and let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let,
let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let
let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let
let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let
let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let
fucking live eternally. Our temper is all in this special position. Our temper is all in this special position. Our temper is all in this special place. Your leaving comes to be What d'ya think? How he let me harm off theway.
an old daughtering fool like me, any day they could be having a big memorial service in the sky.
Wait, this year isn't a feat conversation. Well, that's why I was such a such a front-heat call
because it's a, I mean, what a morbid thing he must know in my planning of big memorial service
for when I croak. Do you think it's the odd that Howard Stern and Rush Limbaugh have the same
birthday? Really? Today. You know, I was just telling the guys before the show that all that big
hoopla about Stern and all the big, and you know, given credit for that, he got $80 trillion worth of
free promotion. But it's all over now, you know, I mean, after one day, because he even himself,
he admits that he's broadcasting to a small fraction of what he was on regular interest for a radio.
And number two, what's there to say now? You know, he said a few F-bombs and whatever, and that's it.
That's what goes down every day. He is going to find himself very marginalized after a period of
time because he's going to be, nobody's going to be talking about him no more. It's, uh, it's
what it is. Anyway, the memorial service, and I'm sure you'll be there Monday. I will. It's a 230.
230 on Monday at the Gardens Memorial Park North Military Trail. It's, uh, yeah, it's in Boca.
Right. 403 North Military Trail, 230. And everybody is invited. It says various radio, TV personalities,
which, uh, that's you in both cases and community leaders, which leaves you out. Our
respected with him in Memorial, and you'll enjoy Skipper Chuck. A nice picture of him there too,
with that. The Skippers outfit on. Yeah. See that? I did not know. Oh, from about a hundred years ago,
but nice got the cat hat. The Skippers handholding. The hero got a whole page on Chuck over the weekend
with pictures and tribute. Well, they made it to 80. Now, I'm not going to say that we're, you know,
we've landed, he checked out, but 80's not bad, you know. You know, something Chuck was in pretty good
shape. I played golf with him a year ago. Yeah. And, uh, I think that's what did it. Yeah. He was,
you know, walking briskly around the course. Yes. Fine. Now, what did he have? He has stroked. Oh,
well, seems to be a lot of that going around these days. Yeah. Well, and then come to find out,
I got an article in my huge pile today about Ariel Shirolman about how the Israelis lie through their
teeth after the first stroke about his brain damage. Beak for political reasons, and they didn't want to
let on it. He was in a real bad shape after the first one. It's kind of like that Dick Clark
business again. So let me ask you something is Shirolman who seems to be making progress. No,
he's gonna host the New Year's Eve celebration in Jerusalem. He took the words out of my mouth. I
was just going to say Russia Shoney. He's going to reach out and grab a couple of pieces of a couple
of potato like this for Hanukkah. Yeah. I already said the other day he moved his left arm because
they held up. It's almost poor. I mean, they held up a tray of humontation and he reached for it.
But that's almost true. You know what they did? They were talking about his favorite dish of lamb and
whatever. Lamb and seriously, and this is not a joke. When he had the first stroke and they
described, I was in Amsterdam and I was watching on BBC and they described the meal he had the
night before he had the stroke. Lamb chops and hamburgers and shish kabob and for dessert, two
huge pieces of chocolate cake. I can't imagine why he had a stroke. Can you? He's a God.
77 years old. He would have been a lot better off when they brought the cake out. He just said
small piece for me. He made you look like Miss Twiggy for crying out loud. That's how huge he was.
And a small piece for me. Yeah. Tiny piece. Yeah. Michael Corleone was there. Cake.
Remember that scene in Godfather 3 of a lot of other ridiculous scenes in that movie? Here he's a
diabetic who kept going into these seizures. Remember that? Yeah. No more signs of kept going.
And he said, if they get together there and he's offering a piece of cake and he's eating it.
Yeah, but he just said small piece. Yeah. Right. Like the scene where he's meeting with the guy
the bishop that's chosen to be the Pope. Remember that? Yeah. He's a good man. And all of a sudden he
said, and they brought him to candy and he was the archers. Yeah. Yeah. Those priests, man,
they always got something sweet around. A thing of that. Usually a couple altered boys. I got a great
story about that too about a bishop who was abused by a priest as a young man. And he wants
sex abuse victims to be given more time to sue the Roman Catholic Church. You go, Father,
you go, Pops. How do you like that? You talk about sweeping stuff out of the carpet.
Very tragic. But you know as well as I do that nothing in life is what it appears to be. Most
people are full of crap. Definitely. As long as we know that going in. It's one good thing about
getting a little bit older and not as gullible and as idealistic as you were as a young person.
That's that's for sure. Some people would call that being cynical. I would call it being a little
more worldly wise. Yes. I will say I will say this to switch gears a little bit. I mean I don't
know about you. But and of course I'm not in the building. So I can't feel the vibes, the vibrations.
I'm sure on the one hand there's a lot of nervous knellies running around especially in sales. But
and on the other hand everybody is like so upbeat now. And I find myself actually doing a lot more
work each day. Not that I did a little bit of show prep about you know 20 seconds every day but
because I feel like there's some purpose to it now. There's a lot of there are a lot of
many meetings going on back in the sales area. Look at that. The first page of my log just came through.
We're having some technical problems. Dirting like I told you was on your end. It was on your end.
You're an asshole man. Why have you invented that fax machine? What fax machine? The one that you're
using if it's on your end is still reflection on you. No that's not the point but there's no point
my constantly going through all these generations here when we always know it's on the part of the
building. There's too many fingers in the pie. I already told you about that about all the
all the gremlins who are running around here. All the people that have the keys to every room.
What the hell is Robert Gryper doing with having keys to all the studios in there? A creep like that.
Yeah exactly. He's got that's how many keys he's got. He's got a young keys to every room.
I wonder if he's got that. I'll tell you why he has him. In case somebody left some
piece of behind him. I made this part of his new assignment because he had a good point.
And all of a sudden he's so annoying. No. We got through the whole problem. I almost got through
the whole thing. You are ready. You need to go to reform school. You brought it up.
The hell I did. You mentioned Gryper. Yeah. Oh some of the other that guilt by association.
Gryper is a cling on. Whoever showed they put him on he's sucking up. That's him. That's why
he's still there. In fact I should have talked next time I talk to you. I'll be sure and
single him out for a special abuse. Because if anybody deserves it. What a foamy. I shall call him
mini.
Good Canadian boy there. Mike Myers. Well listen on that note. Now today I'm sure after
had taken a day off yesterday you really you did the right thing. You you you zigged an
I-zagged and zagging was not the right move. Yeah I'm I should have kept on my side. Well Saturday for
me too. Yeah. I'm going to go back and get back everything I lost yesterday. Do you believe me?
Well double team. No. Yeah. Well we'll give it our best shot. That's all you can do is just give
it a shot. Yep. Now let's see you like the Patriots or Denver. Patriots. And let's see who else
is playing Washington and don't tell me. Seattle. Seattle. Right. You said not to tell you.
Seattle's going to win that game. I agree. Washington's got no offense. No. And I didn't I tell you
Mark Brunel sucks. I don't care how many games they won in a row. I gave his numbers out earlier.
They run it with defense. Not with offense. Mark Brunel is last three games. He hasn't gone over.
He was back eight years ago. He was a cramp. So Seattle kicked their ass. And then who we leave it out.
What about the other Indian? I'm a good expert. Well you know I'm rooting for an I-game which I would never
root for Pittsburgh but in this case I'll make an exception. How do you like? I'm going back and
forth on that one. I haven't decided yet. I'll let you know tomorrow. And the Bears are playing
who? Carolina. Carolina. Oh Carolina's going to kick their ass. I'm going with Carolina.
Carolina. Look. Good experience. Quarterback theory. They looked really good last week.
Carolina. Nothing to be finder than to get out of Carolina. Yeah. Well the Bears are tough at
home. And defense is 25 points better than anybody else. You know the biggest problem in a
Carolina's? How many go? You know what there is a I think I've talked to you about this before.
There we have always a hardcore small powerful Jewish population. In Charlotte. Yeah. Right.
Western Carolina. In fact there was a great humorous. Harry Golden. That's the one. Harry Golden.
Carolina is real. Oh. Biggest guy named Goldberg. You know Harry Golden. Right. I used to read his
book. He was a funny guy. He was great. He was very good. And you know who else was great was
Alexander King. He used to be on the jack par all the time. Yeah. Do you ever remember him?
Yes. Very very funny guy. Right. His book's course he's dead and I'll tell you what I'll give you
my arrangements tomorrow. But let's promote that today. I'm going to give you my funeral arrangements
tomorrow. Well figure out where we're going to sprinkle the ashes and that guy can make his plans.
Let's wait a while before we pick a date though. Yeah. We won't pick the date but we'll just
start making the plan. Do you can ever start planning to a forehead? Okay. We'll have a great day in
not playing today. I know. He's just going to say save it all up for Saturday for the big plunge.
I'm going to work on football today so I have nothing but winners. All right. See you. See you.
God is that thing real? No.
don't go brag. I could not if I tried.
So honey, let's get married, even though we're two guys.
Don't go drinking my heart, helping you was the best.
Oh, David, I'll wear it to the seat of you.
Oh, and always a dress.
Ooh, ooh, everyone knows it.
Nothing can stay as our wedding day.
Ooh, now we can show it, now we can show it.
Marry me please, I'm down on my knees.
Ooh, I'm down on my knees.
You're fairly.
Don't go drinking my heart.
I won't go breaking your heart.
See, that's an old evening, I brought a factory.
Good time, alright?
You're going to bring back some old evening, it might as well be a reason for it.
What do you say?
No, no, I'm sorry, I'm talking to engineering.
About the fax machine.
Well, how come it's working now?
See, that fax that you got from me earlier, I didn't do anything different,
it just decided to go through that time.
Yeah, it's not going through, in other words, it's faxing when it wants to,
we're connecting when we want to.
I don't understand, the log came through.
You just find from another, we had to go through.
Oh, I see, says no, there's something in the soul thing I think is what it is.
There's something in the building, maybe joking it like a building will bottom me.
An exorcism, I think.
Right, let's get father Marin on a phone.
Anyway, this fax came through, now where did you send this one from?
What just went through?
The one about the channel, the WTVJ.
Really, did go through?
Yes, okay, I only tried 10 times to get that thing through there, I guess one of them was good.
Well, no, you go, just keep trying, just keep banging it.
I think it's the phone company.
No, here we go again.
Anyway, this is an important fax, maybe, for people that actually watch channel 4 or 6,
whatever it is, 6, they used to be 4.
Sources tell Florida news center that changes are coming to WTVJ.
veteran anchor, Tony Cigarette was out as the 11 p.m. co-anchor.
Oh!
Well, I bet you that's going to deflate his big pompous ego.
Hey, Tony, you're a silly person, okay, you're not a news guy.
You were a silly sports guy, now you're supposed to be a credible news guy.
Who are you, kiddin' Tony?
Go back to the U.M. man.
And have you replaced by a current weekend evening anchor, Michael Williams.
Who's very good, by the way.
Don't you think?
Yes, Joe Cuck.
Boy, you are having a...
Yeah, yeah. Well, listen, no, it's not that big of a deal.
I mean, I could understand if we had important things.
That's the fax up here.
All I know is that my stuff here, my goods are just fine.
Okay, everything here is working just fine.
Oh, we're fine.
Joe Cuckon will fill Williams' spot on the weekends.
WTVJ will also be getting a new graphics package by the end of January.
It's a stay tuned for further details.
And whoever sent this is, thank God, cigarette was sucks.
Amen, we just, you know, I know it's a good buddy with Hank.
That's why I better not bring it up.
At least not in the crossover.
But, bye-bye, Tony.
You're a silly person with a big ego.
Remember when he and, uh, was sloppy, veloppie?
Remember, of course, you're not there either.
Most seriously, I remember her when they both wanted to be taken to a work in a limousine every day.
Oh, again, I'm not a baddie here.
Talk about it.
If you're gonna have a big pompous ego, you better have something behind it, okay?
A lot of talent is a good idea.
1483 votes on the pool from yesterday.
I got Eric so confused in these polls.
By the way, Eric, I did send that thing and it didn't get there and got lost in the mail.
So I'll replace it immediately today right after the show.
Lost in the mail.
What a concept.
The best regional food in the USA.
1483 votes.
New York pizza wins going away.
We had a pretty good battle going on there for a while.
But New York pizza pulled away in the stretch.
Oh, come here!
240 votes for New York pizza.
Philly cheese takes 159.
Main lobster, 112.
I don't know why I'm going, mmm.
Because I don't really care about it.
I like it, but it's overrated.
Very heavy with cholesterol, man.
Well, it's all the butter.
I said that animal coast.
Right.
Buffalo chicken wings, 100.
Chicago pizza, 98.
That did pretty well.
Because I'm not choosing between, because they're like two completely different products.
But let's face it, New York style pizza is a lot more famous than Chicago pizza.
Although when we had the my pie and your pie, and we've been through this a lot of times.
What was the other one?
They had the real fixed Chicago pizza there, and I think they went out of the bill.
Was it Godfather's?
No, and well, that was another product altogether.
Godfather's.
But anyway, then some people find out about it.
Unless you've been in Chicago, you don't know what it's all about.
New England fans, shout out.
95.
Man, oh man, do what could I go for a big bowl right now?
What is the cage on 78?
Cuban cuisine 75.
That's that real mooshy bean stuff.
Southern fried.
And ju-food is delicious.
Josh, is he as easy as just a fauna to bed in the morning?
I mean, could you start with this a long time ago with no knowledge at all.
With beans and beans.
And a long time ago, it got to you.
It still gets to you.
Just forget about it.
It's just a filter fish.
Okay.
Hey, I take that capillot fish any day of the week, especially with little horse radish.
Can't put a horse radish on mooshy bean.
I don't think I've ever had a big a filth fish.
You have it?
Well, be sure to wash that the smegmoff of the food.
Southern fried chicken 75.
Key West Key lime pie 69.
Oh, I do love Key lime pie.
It's very sweet, very heavy.
Not like capi-cam pie.
See, here we go with the food again.
I had such a good woodbine.
It cost me a lot of money to lose a couple pounds yesterday, but well worth it.
Textmex 62.
Maryland Blue Crab 41 for those of you with a thing for crabs.
Chicago Hot Dogs 33.
New York Bagels 32.
California Barber, Carolina Barber Q31.
Cincinnati Chilli 27.
Wisconsin Brought Wars 22.
Boy, I love a good bride.
I wonder if the ones in Wisconsin were as good as the ones in Germany, if they're like authentic.
You know what I mean?
Well, let's find out.
Well, let's get some scent.
New England Grinders 21 or Hogueezer subs or whatever you want to call them, but they're
Grinders and they're great.
San Francisco Sourdough bread 19.
Rochester White House 19.
Jerk Chicken 14.
But don't kiss it.
Texas probably could risk it 13.
Jerk Pork 13, but don't Cree Old 12.
Chicago Polish Kill Bossa 7.
New York Water Dogs 6.
What's the point?
You know, Texas Blue Bell Ice Cream, which I just think is a brand name, isn't Scottabey.
Right?
I guess.
I've never heard of it.
Cree.
I don't know.
Wow.
I guess there are regional ice creams around.
I'm trying to think of like shrafts, which also makes candy.
Once upon a time, maybe ice cream out of place still do.
And like Briggums in Boston.
But at least they're putting like every regional product by name.
We'd had listed like 20,000 Mexican chorizo.
Why do we have to put Mexican?
I don't know.
Just a chorizo where everything's all Julio is.
Oh, yeah.
Look out for that Spanish sausage.
Man, be careful how you cut it.
Polynesian food too.
And Texas smoked sausage appear.
Out of almost 15 hundred votes.
We've got the new pool up there.
How do you like that?
Man, we were full intense in this week.
In fact, I'm just right now going to fax Eric the pool for the next 25 years.
1026 already a QAMR award winning line up today.
Mojaro Davida did an add-to.
Mad Dog from Smokey Bones Barbecue.
From 4 to 630 and 4 Lauderdale.
Panther preview at 630.
And who they finally play another game eventually.
And it's against the girls team.
The St. Louis Blues.
That must be a home game right there in the Macarena, right?
Touch.
Well, it says versus, you know, I wish a clearance would start clarifying.
I'm sure it is.
Panther's in the St. Louis Blues 7 o'clock and 8 o'clock after the hockey game.
Another break already?
This is the new Rogers.
This is 5.60 QAMR.
Cracay's Fancy Hall.
Saturday the King's.
He's on the North Carolina Tarheels and Chapel Hill.
Cracay's warm up starts our courage at 11.30 AM.
Thinks ACC basketball, Biddy?
Right here.
4.30, 5.60.
QAMR.
Alright, guys.
F***ing blow.
Come here, come here.
You get a great clasp.
Yeah.
What am I gonna do?
How about radio show?
Yeah, why is that?
Ah!
I think all that could matter.
I got soar so bad here.
The Mario show.
The air struggle is the terror of dying.
We got a man that just that knows about radio.
The video is the terror of the dead.
I'm not a big deal.
I'm a big deal.
I'm a big deal.
I'm a big deal.
I'm a big deal.
I'm a big deal.
I'm a big deal.
I'll always be there Ho Ros Austrofoil-
So let's forget along with your mouth.
Oh, alright, all I gotta do is...
Oh, that was fun.
Oh, the good news for you that your DVD is unavained?
Oh, just, today is a tomorrow, shouldn't it?
primal fear with Richard Gehr and Edward Norton and Laura Lillian and Francis McDorman who we just love like
Yeah, I'd like to take her to the ending answering
Bad news by the way the
Pre-eleventary report is that it's something because we know our facts machine here is on a network. Yes
So it's got to be something to do with that at least that their primary theory
What do you mean it's on a network? What ABC?
exactly
What's on a network in office building we you know the
Inter-office like the internet situation in other words all for one one for all
All the other
Yeah, I was good. I was good. I'm like a direct line to the outside world. We have to go through the very very
Well, next time that happens don't have me punching him while with stuff all the like I said I could use the exercise bad news
This is strictly for Chicago people. Do you ever hear a man cow because I never heard him? Yeah, we talked about him the other day
Like I said I never heard him. Oh no only on the news like whenever they show clips of the show sometimes
They'll have footage of him doing the show and what bits do you see he was on up dog the Fargo Poland's
I'm gonna play what's up dog in honor of a man cows
And there's a yellow guy anger Anderson that's right. That's it. Yeah, but most of those we can't play anymore sure
We can the yelling guy. Yeah, well, let's see. Let me just try one and I guarantee him we're gonna have to like probably cut it off
Women have a shelf life. Okay
What about?
Pukes, this yelling guy anger Anderson so some radio losers in Dallas decided to be funny to use the N word
Why describing tiger woods, but here's what's confusing me some people are surprised
Listen these people
Sisters there isn't a full set of teeth in the city of Dallas. I'll tell you what there is in Dallas
So there's a football team called the Dallas Cowboys and I'm not sure but there might be some black guys on the team
Here's my prediction some radio station door to about to get their ass kicked
What's wrong with that nothing at all? He's got the good one on the anacquardic up tennis girls
I like that. Oh cowboy Ray are we Korean character our man cows morning man. How has died to denied?
As a result of lingering injuries from a hit and run accident
The Chicago County reports that on November 20th cowboy Ray who his real name was Ray Hoffs statter and just left
He bohika barn grill on Chicago Southwest side when he was hit by a car while crossing the street
He was taken in in critical condition to advocate Christ Medical Center where he received an initial treatment
It was subsequently moved to Holy Cross Hospital where he died on Tuesday. I'm not proud. She was to be conducted today
I wonder I wonder if that guy to call yesterday is gonna be going to that funeral
We'll be sure and keep you in breast with the arrangements
Well, I mean cowboy Ray was not like famous in Florida, but nevertheless. He's pretty well-known guy
The tribune says the vehicle at struck off statter fled the scene and the driver still hasn't been found man cows offered a
$5,000 a reward for information leading to the apprehension of the driver
Cowboy Ray was first invited to appear on man cows morning man house 10 years ago after frequent phone calls and drop by visits
See he'd be too hard enough
He became known as the resident next for on such random things as cuckoo clocks and the 60s TV showed
Dark shadows cowboy Ray also started TV commercial promoting the morning
That house and now he's dead some slime boy. Well, it's big of a dead people
All you people you're crazy religions man
See you can't really single up because they're all I think it was the orthodox
They're doveting at the wailing wall in Israel and about they're rocking back and forth and then of course the Muslims on a magic
Carpits where they're hitting each other's ass and now
Just to show you how well pedestrian that kind of exercises now
We've got everybody shluffing to the hogs the hog pilgrimages in Saudi Arabia
Dozens of people are reported to have been killed in the stampede during a symbolic stoning ritual
Oh, we got to play that bit too about the guiding Shiite. Oh, yeah, one of my favorites
Government officials said the number of people killed in the Muslim holy city of Mecca was unknown
Mecca, who did that Jean-Pilly saying mecca? I think I'll look it up. Vokabrinal. No mecca
That's before you were born, but news agencies put the toll on the dozens and maybe higher than 50
Reuters said it's journalists counted at least 50 bodies lined up on the ground and covered in white shrouds
Oh, yeah, they're all snappy dresses over there at the Hodge the Arab TV news station
Al Arabia reported dozens of pilgrims were killed a US-based religious scholar who arrived shortly after the stampede said it was a heartbreaking scene
Looking into amount of ambulances brings tears to your eyes
He said the stampede like others in the past happened during the stone throwing ritual in which the pilgrims stonest symbolic devil
Oh my god
Oh
I don't have neck
But I do have our theme song here for the power of pity right? No, so far this theme song yeah
I like Jean-Pilly alive
Sorry, stop hold it here. I think he's still alive to Jean-Pilly probably don't look to have been anymore
But nevertheless I got a gigantic pile here. We're probably sneaking a few phone calls now here's today's pool
Uh, what is it? What did you hate most? We did the one the other day and somebody suggested we do this and make him happy and I think it's okay
It's pretty good. What did you hate most about your childhood? I mean the other day we did the one about what you liked
There miss most what did you hate most about your childhood?
37 votes already not having money 60
Getting dragged to church 56 that was a late edition this morning before the show. What did I tell you?
Getting dragged to church or show or the Hodge or I hankin right to the Hodge and get caught in that stampede
Don't you it's like going to a soccer game a lot of crazy people 56
school 47
Getting bullied 43 getting dragged to visit relatives 34 my parents 20 that's what I voted for
That's I hated em out
I was gonna say that somebody hated that money here for me. Yeah my parents
Yeah, I knew it a very young age that they were like a
Parentally challenged. It just wasn't their bad
Spanking 13 being abused 12 being treated like an infant 8 my her neighborhood the old hood 7 was horrible
Mom is cooking for and going hungry three. Well, you wouldn't go on hungry if you eat mom's crappy cooking. Oh, yeah, I would it
Would you
Oh, by the way, she probably made a lot of mushy bean stuff, you know, right. I got a fact here
This is a personal thing. I got a forward it will only for the rest of me. Oh, there's nobody on to anyway
Just pussing up a call. Yes, and Richard wants to know how to do something with with his computer and wants my help
But he doesn't have any contact information on his facts at all Richard
Be happy to tell answer your question Richard, but how the hell do I get all of you? Yeah exactly plus how much you charging for that info?
$20 a minute. Okay. Somebody Q. I am. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. Can I talk to Josh for a second?
About what?
Why you want to date? No, I just wanted to ask him a question about what?
I don't know. Just want to talk to him. Be like I said you lonely. No
No, what do you want to talk about? No
No, 560 7.0560 like I said, I'll sprinkle a few of those in there. They don't think he can be in the mood
But you could scream at home. That'd be something to I got a heavy heavy pile today, man
WQ I am hello
No, no, they're not they're gonna put the prostitutes take them out of the hotels and put them back out on the street like to the good old days
All the hookers and the hustlers back on this game boulevard
Just like the good old days
Nobody Q. I am hello
Q. I am yes sir
Hey, I know you got school on there for you for teachers
Just the word teachers wrong or that
I would think that probably your teachers were in school. Yeah, there probably would be one right into our head of the school is because yeah
No, I hate it because of the janitor
Yeah, how about the classroom?
How about the smell in the classroom?
Hey, I'm those crappy little cramped desks, you know
Right in the south of Choc on the Huck Roy's sitting in those days in the south of the fingernail scraping on the chalkboard
And kids farting in class right the kitty corner to where you're sitting, you know, and then nothing you could do
You couldn't get up and run all of those all these all of these things
Nobody Q. I am hello
Heels I talked to George
W. I. M. Hello, hi Neil. I got one for your poll. You know mine talk to you want to talk to Josh George?
No, I just want to talk to deal with you here. It's me now getting picked last on the for athletics it you know
For the basketball team or whatever you know you do you too, huh? Yeah, well, I'll be sure so they want to pick me for the basketball team
You fairy. No, no, that's not it. I didn't say that there was a
There was a voice somebody on a sign. All right, huh
Okay, thanks, thank you. I'm getting getting getting picked last for sports. Okay
Right, you know what he's talking about. Nope. I actually actually I usually get picked like second last
Because it was actually my gym class. There was like a real
Screamer. I mean more wimpian huh? M. O. P middle of the pack
much more
Infectual and I used to like put the basket in the biscuit. I mean the
Whatever it is. I'm not that I'm basketball. I had a little trouble holding the ball though
That's the I heard well. I learned later on 1041 a Q. I. M.
This is Neil Rogers
This is 516 Q. A.
Right
dishes
non
And the last hour I met a sweet cowboy driver
A cool, the bullets fly from the gun station
With double-disted fun
There's another big cowboy suit, John Wayne
Was Mary Young
His name was Mary Young
But he didn't pay a roll from Fair Back Mountain
To Pretty Cowboy Guys
On Saturday, come Mountain
With some cow from Asteroid
Parents fight a way that very emotional about the whips and moans at the end of that bit
Where were that?
I was at the whips up to a frenzy
346 votes on the pool
What do you hate most about your childhood?
Getting dragged to church has moved in the lead 67
And rightfully so
Not having money 64
Of course you go to church often enough and you won't have any money left because they want it all
School 52
I wonder if that includes the teachers in the classroom and the smell
But the smell in the gym
Oh yeah
Nasty! I was getting bullied 46
Getting dragged to visit relatives 37
I wasn't too crazy about that
My parents 26 but then again they were the ones that kept dragging me
Spanking 15 as opposed to the ones the other day who liked it
Being abused 13
Being treated like an infant 9
My neighborhood 7, the old crappy hood
Mom's cooking 6, going hungry 3
And getting picked last for sports
So lament they uno so far
Now we got a new number, the number is rising by the minute and the hug
It's not more than 100 that we killed in the stampede
Really?
And let me just read that one sentence again the stampede like others in the past happened during the stone throwing ritual in which the pilgrim stone a symbolic devil
Wooo
So they just call in Father Miran
The little exercise
And you know see now you know as well as I do that most people since most of the people were talking to her not Muslims
They look at that and they think oh what are we dick of us as an I'm religion and you know
Right well guess what I'm honest I'm a halalahaze
You know what wise is different from any other religion with all the trappings in the crap of her
And speaking of that what a good segue in this first story today
An American bishop revealed yesterday that he was touched inappropriately by a priest 60 years ago saying he wanted to discuss the abuse when he thought it would do the most good
Auxiliary bishop Thomas Gumbleton who wants sex abuse victims to be given more time to sue the Roman Catholic Church
Oh right
Is believed to be the first US bishop to disclose that he was a victim of sex abuse by clergy
Bishop Gumbleton told CBS even news anchor ancient Bob Sheeper that it was difficult for him to disclose the information
I tend to be quite a private person I don't like to talk about things like this and yet that this particular instance it seemed that it could be helpful
I've been in touch with many victims I know how important it was to them he be saying
Gumbleton 75 spoke Wednesday in support of an Ohio bill that would remove time limits that have prevented past victims from suing the church over their alleged abuse
Some perpetrators haven't been exposed yet and the only way to ensure they are is through the courts he said
Ohio bishops have agreed with extending the time limits for future abuse cases but have vigorously lobbied against the provision allowing a one-year window for victims to sue over abuse that happened up to 35 years ago
I regret that we need this type of legislation by insist we do need it Gumbleton said before meeting with lawmakers who are undecided on the bill
Gumbleton serves in the arched dice these have Detroit the fifth largest in the USA with about a million and a half Catholics and six Michigan counties
Gumbleton said he was a seminary student in Detroit when a priest took him and other boys to a cabin northeast of the city
The priest started wrestling with him playfully then he put his hands down Gumbleton's pants Gumbleton removed himself from the situation
I was able to escape a terrible trauma he said maybe he was just searching for dingle berries
You think? I wonder if he found anything
Berries
Probably he said he understood why some victims never brought lawsuits within legal time limits after reaching age 18 which are two to five years most days
I had an awareness that I think some other people might not have they said they would say of course you could have brought this forward 20 years ago
But I think I have some understanding of why they didn't and why at this point they ought to have the opportunity to do it
Gumbleton said he thought about bringing up the incident meetings of bishops but the timing just wasn't right
The slowing down of Ohio is bill which unanimously passed the Senate prompted him to come forward to come out of the abused closet so to speak
It seemed to be a very timely moment to do it because I could make a difference for the victims he said hey I like that you go bishops
What do you call a bitch?
Bishops
The bitch of the...
Yeah
Yeah and I got a whole series of these stories about what America is I don't know if I want to say what it's turned into because it's what it is
But it's like that
Huh?
It's probably just as well that I can't send you any facts this today
Why is that?
I'm sure we see them but
You know there are good phone days and bad phone days
Bad fan stay and tell you things?
Well, like what?
Oh just like for example the latest how it's turned report?
No we don't need how it's turned reports every day you know?
We really don't need that
Because it comes from the same amount of two people trying to tell us we don't care
And either there's anybody else who you have who want to hear us during your meeting go out and spend money every month
Otherwise leave us alone okay?
Why should we be talking about that now when we were talking about him we want to be on the station?
Well what's the point?
Especially now that nobody else is either
Right exactly and then the party's over I hate to break the news deal
Okay, if you enjoy who's shown no problem have a great time okay?
But in the meantime that whole
Sucking up the free publicity it's millions of dollars worth it's all over with now
So you people either subscribe or they're thinking about it or not or whatever and that's it
And he's removed himself from the mainstream of the media and then that's where he wants to be
Or at least and they also just released all that stock option money to him
$218 million dollars they hidden buckwheeler getting so they're not going to miss any meals
Maybe he can even get a haircut now
But these people are obsessed and think that we share the obsession forget about it
Really you're right it worries you out doesn't it?
Yeah it's just like that one of your people at Julio they call it yesterday
Well Canada is not on Siri well too bad
Yeah don't come to Canada then okay that's my best suggestion to you okay?
We don't have no moushi beans here so don't come to Canada
A federal appeals court has upheld a 55 year prison term imposed on a Utah man
With no criminal record was convicted in 2003 of selling several hundred dollars worth of marijuana on three occasions
Several hundred dollars worth of marijuana in this guy in America gets 55 years
That's the American way
You got it the case of the man well then H. Angelo a surrecord producer from Salt Lake City
Who is 22 at the time of his crime has become a benchmark in the debate about sentencing rules and justice
The trial judge in the case complained initially the sentence which was required by federal statutes
And he thought it was excessive no and 29 former judges and prosecutors read in a brief out of Mr. Angelo's behalf
But a three judge panel of the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals made a decision issued late Monday in Denver rejected those arguments
The sentence properly reflected the will of Congress the court said and wasn't court of unusual punishment
It's only 55 years so I wonder what the chief timidies kid is going to give for some of those two million pounds a pot or trying to
Mr. Angelo wasn't at 50 million pounds
Mr. Angelo was reported by witness to have been armed with a pistola during two of the drug sales
And requiring requiring stiffer sentences and cases where drugs and violence are linked the court said is legitimate social policy
It was armed with a pistola
Didn't shoot anybody that I know of but nevertheless
Although the district court concluded that his sentence was disproportionate to his crimes
We disagree the court said in our view the district court failed to record proper difference to Congress's decision to severely punish criminals who repeatedly possess firearms in connection with drug trafficking crimes
And erroneously downplayed the seriousness of Angelo's crimes
His attorney Jerome H. Mooney said that the decision would be appealed either for reconsideration by the full court of appeals or directly to the US Supreme Court such as it is
Oh and how about poor Samolitos wife yesterday? He left the court room and she left the hearing room in tears
Good she ran out in tears because of the Democrats attack on her husband and all those true things she said
I'm going to put the gun to the stairs
Give me a break already
I mean we're talking about kindergarten here we're talking about the Supreme Court you know what really gets to me?
You know you try to tell people before in election what the real important things are like
Hey if you put this Nazi in here you're going to get a Supreme Court stacked way to the right they're going to overturn Roe v. Wade
They're going to turn a lot of us civil rights legislation back they're going to turn a clock back 50 years or more
Oh yeah well good point well now what huh?
Oh gee how did this happen?
Because you know damn well that this whole exercise they're going through now this dog and pony show
That's all this is a dog and pony show
And maybe the Democrats will try to fill a buster in the Senate which I doubt
But he'll get he'll get confirmed they got the votes they got the votes
So when you went out there and voted for all these good Republicans out there like Mel Martinez for example
Maybe we're thinking too good too straight about what the or maybe you like fascism I don't know
Canadians seem to be in trouble with another going to put Stephen Harper in charge who's kind of like bush light
Same crap
Fascism is sweeping the world just look at that new Nazi Pope baby
Make no mistake about it fascism is making a big comeback. Oh never again. Yeah never again. My ass
All the cliches all the time see life is more than just a stupid cliche
Got a story about the bill pushed to curb violent video game sales to speaking to people that don't understand the Constitution
Which is most of your Latino legislators in Florida by the way
Including Senator Alice D as they love for teah
They just make it up as they go along because you know fascist irons with vatista and like we were talking before the show
That's the mindset of these people they love vatista they love fascist of it
No, that's why they're so anti communist because that's too far on the other side
And also of course it's connected with that really ugly word liberal
Who?
Don't be none of them liberal mushy beans
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.16.2.8
This is the Neil Rogers show
This is your brain
Any question?
Charge after charge the judge repeating all of the facts of in the prosecution charging documents and him saying over and over again
Yes, your honor. Yes, your honor. Yes, your honor.
It's just a lot of it
Who is giving lots of gifts before?
It's gonna be the best
They're gonna walk him through that friendship door
And that is the show that gave them all avermas
He ain't giving up endlessly
He ripped the people all avermas
He'll get what he deserves for this very rusty
I'm dying over here
11 o'clock straight up and down at 5.60 WQAM
Happy Thursday January 12th
We're gonna the middle of January it's a 4.60 Rees here today
No snow
Aren't you shocked?
Yeah, kind of
And don't forget there's no six fingers global warming
It's just a liberal comet pinko piece of propaganda
So stop making it up
Just another anti capitalist, the piece of propaganda
The pion of parade of all this big business tycoons
WQAM, hello
Neil
Yes sir
How are you today?
Great
Hey, I'm gonna kill you with some hockey clock
No you're not
No, no you're not
Not gonna kill me or the audience with any hockey clock
Panthers in St. Louis tonight, by the way
We want to go see the Panthers they playing great at home
And you want to see him kick the answer, really crappy team
Go out and see that game tonight
Because the Panthers will kick their ass
And then they got Columbus on a Saturday
Because it's Saturday tomorrow
Saturday
Another girls team
So it looks like a four more points for your Panthers by the way
You got a KO at what's your hockey dog? No thanks
Although I would be good idea
Because then we could probably make the arrangements until I got a call yesterday
Where to come and to visit me
WQAM, hello
Neil
Yes sir
February 7th, the first season of a lecture company
Legend George, no
By the way, speaking of that
I thought we had tickets to give away today to what Erosmith
Whatever happened to that, we're awaiting the details
We're awaiting the details, it's 11 o'clock
From your fat friend
Yeah, well he didn't say win or how many or anything like that
Erosmith tickets, anybody wants to mirror smith tickets?
I don't know when they're going to be or where they're going to be or what's all about or how many we got if we do have any or
But then again, that figures because that's your close personal buddy
Hi, I found you
And you probably want to know why he's sucking around these days, don't you?
I know exactly why
Yeah
After there's any insecurity in that sales department or ought to be
Man, you talk about some people have been like floating their way through and they're not the only ones in that building
You'd be amazing
Some of the security cases have been floating their way through life for a long, long time
You haven't seen this much activity in the Muslim stampede
I'm sure that
In fact, they're probably going to be a lot of jobs that are then those Muslims, you know what I'm saying?
Because
You call that a consultant?
Well, I don't start picking on him now that he's down the note
5.67, I'm going to just get a flurry of calls on here because like I told you, I got some heavy duty stuff
And there might be 10 or 20 people out there who care about hearing it
I know George does, huh?
Double or used to?
WQIM, hello
Jack Thompson is coming back
Well, the next grade
I was all clear of it said a boy
Yeah, by the way, QIM, yes
Did it true, Neil?
What is that?
That you and now this year, three years
Oh, geez, like I said, I'm going to my pile
You know, what were you just saying?
I was going to say, Aero Smith is at the bank, uh, banking center
And then I need to with plenty of credits
Okay, okay, I have everything I can
Well, that's still plenty of time, that's a week from today than the 19, isn't it?
Next church day?
Now, who could act the online 12?
I couldn't be that fags again, could it?
QIM, fags line
Yeah, their fags between works
Hello
It's a lot of fags
And it's a lot of voice, it's just a hang up
We get something different on the bat line just about every day
Good, WQIM, hello
It'll play in front of the line, might as well use it for something
WQIM, hello
Hey, Aero Smith, nothing, I want Neil Diamond ticket
Alright
We'll send you up to Casino Ramo, okay, maybe you can be in that same bus that, uh,
Killed it over with all the old parts of the day
The C.W.I.L. Diamond
Don't want you dare play anymore that Neil Diamond crap, okay?
WQIM, not lying, hello
I think it's the bank Atlantic Center, isn't it?
The Antis Center, yeah
Joshy said in the other place, which I guess is where it's going
Oh, gee, we should fire Josh for something
No, no, no, no, no, no, I wouldn't want that
You guys are excellent, not going to complain just straight now the record shows to be
Uh-huh, okay, thanks for straightening us out
You can go out with our day now
So where is it that the Antis Center next time?
Where did you say it was going to be?
I guess I said Bank United, it's Bank Atlantic
Bank United, Bank Atlantic, man, you better get with it
The Bank Atlantic went to the Antis Center
The Bank divided
Well, they changed the names of everything so many times already
So where do Q.A.M. Hello?
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Alright
Hey, I worked for the post office and I was delivering the electric bills yesterday
And as they came back up the other side of the street I heard the shrieks of the customers
as they found out what the new electric bill is
Uh-huh
And then when I got home, I looked around and I thought it's screaming
Yeah
The public service commission and the governor did it to us again
Yeah, there you go, bend over and put a smile on your face
You got it, thanks, Sally
Thanks, Sally, okay
Well, if you wanted to do solar service, all you got to do like, uh, meal, burn all those electric bills
Of course, then you'll shut your electric off, they're never less
Right?
Right
When it downed toss them out
Take like a dime off your, uh, who was it that was right in that mic mail?
He was gonna protest by taking off like, uh, what was it?
About 30,000
30,000
Yeah, some silly ass crap like that
It's kind of like Chuck Meyer in those quarters on the turnpike
Which by the way it was very pleasant to see that the toll on the turnpike now is a dollar
A nice even number there
I remember when it was like 50,000, I was 75,000
And that's a nice even dollar
So before we even get to Pompidon Park, I'm already in a hole of buck, you know
At least I get my free program and, uh, meal
5,6,7,0,5,6,000
Like, uh, yesterday, it would buy an act, couldn't eat an umbrella, I wouldn't eat that food there, but I could eat an free for a few grand
5,6,7,0,5,6,000,0,5,6,000, and a Verizon singular wireless line
Calls are so good, I'm, you know, I got this huge prion, I always threaten to go through the whole thing, but I get so in, in strawberries, you know what?
Yeah, what the calls?
W-Q-I-M, hello
Like that one was probably one of the better ones
W-Q-I-M, hello
I would be just good
Q-I-M
Hey, uh, why are you sitting?
All right
Good
You know, I, you have to see a couple of weeks ago, I, I haven't heard it reported that, uh, Dr. Bill Frisk, we all know who that nap is, right?
Yeah
It's, it's family told some stock, it's from medical, uh, from medical stock that they had
Yes? And he said, he said, yeah
How much money did he get out of that deal?
How much money did he get out of it for good?
$120 million, and he didn't know how much he got
Right, no, he didn't know he owned a stock
He didn't know how much it sold for
Right
I mean, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Not that he would lie, you understand, because he's a good person
I think, I think, I think, Nicky Harris, there would probably no if he had an extra 120 million land around
And, Nicky with no if he had an extra 120 bucks land around
What the fuck!
What this guy with a straight face deal?
Yeah, okay, well, calm down pal, it's not gonna change
You know, scandal and lies and people dying and wars
I got a story. As a matter of fact, it's, uh, by your close personal friend, Doug Thompson from the rant
Captain, Captain Hill Blue, Bush planned war with Iraq long before 9-11 attacks.
I love that guy.
Doug, I'm just, I'm my puched at right up toward the top of my pile now.
In fact, speaking of my pile, I gotta get to it.
This is all well and good.
Yes, stop threatening.
Sighting concerns about popular video games like Grand Theft Auto, the Florida
Legislation is moving ahead with legislation that would make it legal to
celebrate violent games to minors.
Despite warnings, the measure will be tossed out by the court's unconstitutional,
the bill on Wednesday made it through its first Senate committee hearing where
a leading Republican say the stage to do more to protect children from getting
their hands on violent games.
Grand Theft Auto, which by the way, I think Josh Cortes has a copy right now and
they're gonna come and drag your ass out of there.
I have two Grand Theft Auto.
Wow, you had, you had, but when you get home, you're gonna be waiting for
you right at the dough.
Grand Theft Auto, for example, is come under fire for its violent imagery as well as
the fact that one version of the game instructor players to kill the Cubans and
kill the Haitians' mind.
Children don't have the same kind of maturity experiences as a Veltzvus,
said the Bill Sponsor, Senator Alex D. Ezde La Portia, who is about 100 yards to the right
of Hitler.
The Miami Republican said that if the state can prevent children from having pornography
alcohol and tobacco, it should do the same with violent video games.
Left to their own devices, children often don't realize the harm they're causing
themselves through the exposure to the graphic, sexual and violent content found
in many of today's video games, he said.
I think if they want to ban something pornographic and violent, ban the Bible.
Avert it.
This is not the first time that legislators have considered bills to curb the sale of video games
to minors, but D. Ezde La Portia predicted his measures got a good chance of passing.
The legislations model after California law that's currently being blocked by legal challenges
in the state.
Meanwhile, prominent Democrats like US Senator Hillary, Swilor McClinton of New York are pushing
to have Congress consider banning the sale of violent video games as well.
Boy, is she pandering or what?
First, it's burning the flag and how it says violent video games.
Who are you kidnone, the panderer?
What a bitch.
I wonder who was screwing around.
Not to mention, of course, the ice princess factor.
The Florida measure would block retailers from writing or selling to a minor any video game
that depicts killing, maiming or sexually assaulting another human being if the violence
was depicted in a heinous or cruel or depraved fashion.
Is that heinous or anous?
Remember famous anous?
Yeah.
It also would still be allowed to purchase the games on Wednesday evening if it was divided
and if game stop a video game store in pepper flakes mall in pepper pines is in the
hero.
Baby resident Luis Santiago 15, a 10th grader at Nova High in Davies said an age limit for
buying and running violent video games should be established.
Violence in video games does have an effect on kids yet.
Kids often imitate everything they see Santiago, say they try to imitate the shooting in
the cops they see this fun.
But Miramar resident Samuel Falmer, 19, who said he's been playing video games since he
was about 12, called the bill unfair.
Falmer or student at BCC said the violence in the games does not have an increase in aggression
among kids.
It's a difference between games and real life, he said.
Under the proposed legislation game manufacturers would be forced to place a large 18 sticker
on the games and any retailer that sells a violent game to a minor would be charged with
breaking the law and subject to a $1,000 fine.
Video game industry representatives as well as an executive with the video and movie store
chain movie gallery told legislators yesterday that the bill wasn't needed and violated the
first amendment.
Ah, listen, there we go with that constitution crap again, you know, just like Bush said,
just a piece of paper.
Video games are protected speech out of the first amendment just like movies, books and
television said Sally Jefferson of the Entertainment Software Association, Jefferson pointed out
that most game manufacturers utilize a voluntary rating system intended to help parents make
informed decisions about video games.
He said most major retailers refuse to carry games without the ratings and they don't
write adult oriented games to minors now.
Pembroke Pies was a Merri and Perez said she tries to follow the ratings when deciding
which games are children, 11 year olds and 9 year olds won can play, she supports the
proposed bill, she picked out a good one.
That would be great she said there are some games that are not good for kids but Senator
Ken Pruitt, Republican and Port St. Lucie said he is worried about the major retailers
such as Walmart but rather small independent stores set up in strip malls, he's not worried
about Walmart, well guess what most everybody else is.
They should be.
I'm willing to take our chances in the courts and I think our children deserve no less.
Pruitt wants to do it.
Wonder if he's keen to grab Pruitt, he used to be running back for the Browns you think?
Doubt it.
The State Senate Commerce and Consumer Services Committee passed a bill on a 7-1 vote
Senator Evelyn Lynn and Ormond V.T. Republican was the lone no vote citing censorship concerns.
Ah screw that honey.
Why did doubt just cost everything out?
Let's bring back what was that commission during the movie thing?
Hey, the Hays Commission, the Gabby Hays Commission, I got like 400 pages on it, in fact one
of these days, while legislators are moving ahead with the bill, the fat ass governor
Bush said he wasn't sure if government needs to ban the sale of island video games,
seemingly prefer to leave the job to parents.
I think software regulations are first that we said parents ought to take control over
their children's lives.
Wow.
Wow.
You got the lawyer fat ass governor.
What a comedian.
Parents ought to take control over their children's lives.
What a clown.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is Vice President.
When I was looking.
Game call.
Now when I was a young man, the movie I would see, I got a giant eight phone, late
night TV.
He made a lot of money.
Being a big mucket always gets my thrilling planning of the film.
Now when we heard it's gonna be a remake, we gathered up on money.
She's a giant running dream come.
Longer than three hour long, by the guy who made you shower, when you want a
action call, you're checking, you're calling.
Now when he dies, don't think that he's a nut.
He just fell real hard, but only on me wants to call.
He's going for an asking a call.
He's a fairy monster.
He's a big man.
I'm an answer monkey.
1118 at 560 W.D.C.
435 votes on a poll today, not too shabby, huh?
Not even 1130 yet.
What did you hate most about your childhood?
Getting dragged to church 86.
Getting schlepped over there for all that pomp and circumcise, all that nonsense.
Arrujahtor noi yadda da da da, put that schmata on your head.
And then of course the Catholics with the beads and the bobbles.
Remember that song by Kirby Stone IV?
Bobbles, bangles and beads.
What year was it?
1802.
Getting dragged to church 86, not having money 80.
School 68.
And I bet you that includes the teachers, the classroom and the smelly kids.
Right.
And we have this.
Getting bullied 64.
Getting dragged to visit relatives 43.
Especially relatives that you never wanted to see again.
My parents 29.
Oh boy.
A spanking 16.
Being abused 13.
Being treated like an infant 10.
My neighborhood 8.
Getting picked life for sports 7.
Mom's cooking 7.
I had really sucked.
They said, I had one thing about me.
Mom's cooking was pretty good.
Until the last me, you know, till later on in her life, like the last 30 years.
And going hungry 4.
Out of 435.
The last how many years?
530, man.
Okay, now let me dig into my pile heavy duty here.
Because the cause are like this week.
It's just one of those things, you know.
They are what they are.
Right.
Like you said.
Now I had some, we had some informative stuff there, especially if you screwed up the name of the interest center,
although everybody knew exactly what you were talking about.
Yeah, I just wanted to set you anastrate.
That's all.
I want to straighten you out.
What the duck told me.
Now, Doug Thompson writes the rant.
Bush planned what would the rack long before 9.11 attacks.
This is fairly long.
You know what?
Too bad.
Because no, ordinarily his columns are like all at lengthy and ponderous.
This one is, though.
And who cares?
President Bush began planning a war with Iraq before we took office on January 22, 2001, and long before the 9.11 terrorists attacked the event they needed to push America into intelligence agencies to fabricate evidence that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction or plotted with Osama Yamamata to attack America.
By the way, how's Osama doing?
We got him yet?
Oh, I was afraid about Higah Lord.
Bush knew from the get-go he wanted to invade Iraq.
It was on his mind before the election, and campaigned to say he was obsessed with getting Saddam.
We'd be on a campaign plane talking about domestic issues, and he would change the subject and start rattling on about what great evil Saddam Hussein was, and how if he won the election he'd finish what his father failed to do, topple Hussein, since campaign worker Jerry Caulfield who worked for the administration year before leaving.
Others tell similar stories.
They terrorist attacks weren't the reason Bush invaded Iraq.
They provided the excuse.
We will confront weapons of mass destruction so that a new century has spared new horrors, Bush said.
It is inaugural address, 2001.
On January 21, Bush held his first meeting on the National Security Council in the White House.
At that meeting he ordered the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to draw plans for an invasion of Iraq as he said, a contingency.
On February 16th, an oppressed conference of Mexican president of the Sente Fox, Bush said Saddam Hussein has got to understand that we expect him to conform to the agreement that he signed after his storm.
We'll enforce the no-fly zone both north and south.
Our intention is to make sure that the world is as peaceful as possible.
And we're going to watch very carefully as to whether or not he develops weapons of mass destruction, and if we catch him doing so we'll take the appropriate action.
On February 23rd, an oppressed conference with British Prime Minister Tony Blair, Bush said we spend a lot of time talking about our mutual interest in Iraq and the Persian Gulf, and from our perspective as you know I made the famous statement that our sanctions are like Swiss cheese.
That means they're not very effective.
And we're going to work together to figure out a way to make them more effective.
But I think the Prime Minister and I both recognize that it's going to be important for us to build a consensus in the region to make the sanctions more effective.
Colin Powell left today after lunch to move around the Middle East, collect thoughts and listen, with the policy of strengthening our mission of making clear to Saddam Hussein that he shall not terrorize his neighbors and not develop weapons of mass destruction.
On May 21st, this is 2001, First Book of the Naval Academy in anapolis.
Today, literally, a third of our naval forces are forward deployed overseas.
The USS Constellation Carrier Battle group at its 10,000 sailors are flying the waters of the Persian Gulf and forcing no fly zone over southern Iraq.
Another 3,800 sailors in rainstand guard nearby with a boxer amphibious ready group, determined any mischief sought a micronum plate.
If anything or some have been loved, was a diversion from Bush's obsession with Hussein, a problem that got in the way.
On 9-11, his Air Force one headed out of Florida, Bush turned to the chief of staff Andrew Cardin said, find out how soon we can be ready to go into Iraq.
Card told him that preliminary reports pointed towards Bin Laden and Afghanistan.
Forget Afghanistan, Bush responded, who's saying this behind this, I know it, we're going into Iraq.
Forget Afghanistan. Did we actually have Afghanistan?
Oh yeah.
Yeah, because they still got the eye-popping going over their big tets, their number one industry.
Aides who overheard Bush's outbursts say Card hustled him away and talked to Bush for more than 30 minutes in private.
After that, Bush talked more about Bin Laden and less about who's saying.
But Saddam and Iraq remained Bush's focus. Kind of like my brother, our focus today, our focus, focus here's his focus, in his 2002 state of the Union dressed to be turned to that theme.
He said, Iraq continues to flaunt its hostility toward America and to support terror.
The Iraqi regime has plotted to develop and tracks and nerve gas and nuclear weapons for over a decade.
This is a regime that has already used poison gas to murder thousands of its own citizens, leaving the bodies of mothers huddled over their dead children.
This is a regime that agreed to international inspections and kicked out the inspectors.
This is a regime that has something to hide from the civilized world.
Pentagon sources tell me, Doug Thompson says, that Bush wanted to invade Iraq first.
The leaving Bin Laden was there, not Afghanistan, but Secretary St. Colin Powell convinced the president needed to cover the widespread support of going into Afghanistan and going after Bin Laden.
But Bush didn't really care that much about Bin Laden. That's obvious. We're not doing much of a job.
In March 2002, Bush said he was no longer concerned about Bin Laden.
We haven't heard from him in a long time, Bush said in the White House press conference March 13, 2002. I'm sure to not that concerned about him.
I don't go picking on Sam Alito, by the way, his wife said a cry right out of the room again.
In Bush's mind, Bin Laden had never been the issue. He said a site on who's seen from day one and nothing, not facts, not truth, not international law, would stop him from doing what he planned to do all along.
Invaded Iraq and launched the most divisive war since Vietnam, where it's good old Doug E. Thompson, the capital hill, blue doctor.
Amen. Well said, nobody's listening. Nobody cares.
But it would be better to move, but about 227 dead Americans and people dying like flies there every day. It's like a blood bath, like a lunacy.
And by the way, we're occupying that country. I just thought it would point that out. Preoccupied for a very long time now.
I am, we're preoccupied. And we're going to spend already over $2 trillion of your money.
That's worth it. Freedom of your own heart.
Too bad they can't rebuild the infrastructure of a lot of the cities, and like the levees, the levees, and the war lanes, all of these things.
Because we're spending most of your tax dollars, we're flushing it down the turlid.
And of course putting in the hands of people like Haliburton and formerly Enron, all the other good buddies, the corporate buddies of Bush, Chaney, and Rumsfeld, etc.
By the way, don't forget to buy that, what's the stuff for the Asian to bird flu? Oh, Cipro.
No, no, not Cipro, the new one. Oh, I don't know.
You better get with it, man. I thought you were supposed to be the drug expert.
Campbell flu. Campbell flu. Only illegal drugs. Yeah, you stick it in your hump.
And then we'll pump it. Come on, get with it.
By the way, Campbell flu. Wouldn't that be something for sure enough that Campbell's had that, whatever that is?
Thank you, Power Smoothie. And you know where you take them? Go in the locker room and pump, pump, pump.
Yeah, Power Smoothie came by and brought you what? Right, they brought me like a coffee shake, like an iced coffee shake, and a bowl of mushy beans.
A bowl of mushy beans, man. I feel so Cuban now.
Okay, we met in the pool. I feel so Mexican. That's right. Actually, that's a Mexican thing. Yes, it is.
I just when you go to Taco Bell, which I like to like, just tell them, please hold the beans. Oh, yeah, or else you will be.
Don't hold them too tight. I'll squish right through your hands, but holding mushy beans.
453 votes on the pool. Not too shabby. It's just coming up on 1130.
What did you hate most about your childhood? Getting dragged to church 92. Not having money, 84. School 69.
I don't know. School and all that bad. That's what I'm asking out of the house.
So the teacher could make or break the experience for you. I had some good teachers. I had some good ones too.
I had some bad ones. Considering a little Hick Tom, like candidate when New York had a bread. In fact, we had a good in the high school candidate.
We're Academy. Sounds like real prestigious doesn't it wasn't, but nevertheless.
And nobody wrote any guns or knives to school. I know that's way back in the day. And we were kicking it ancient style and yadi, yadi, all the other crap.
Can't have no fun with that. Bring in a few weapons to school school.
School 69 getting bullied 64, which we're all assuming isn't school or like after school or in a playground or anywhere you went.
Getting dragged to a visit. Relatives 46. What a pain in the ass. My parents 29.
I guess most of you folks have good parents. Josh has got good parents. He says so does one on a tree.
Are you starting to chase her or is Emma Gell chasing her around a building again?
Well, not starting. No. Spanking 16 being abused 15. That's George's wish. I want Josh's mom to spank him right on the easy.
Being treated like an infant 10, getting picked last for sports. All the guys that stand around and say, you're fairy.
9. My neighborhood 8. Moms cook in seven and going hungry only four. I guess those little kids never heard about that soup kitchen.
This is Neil Roger. Probably better than Moms cook. This is 5.62.8.
James Rice Master Gary.
Good channel. Want you to show your support in our rally for packs America. We'll be scheduling one in North Town show.
Show call your local crew channel on the corner and sign up now. All 50 of you will be supplied with our handheld patriotic signs of aid.
And we'll be invited to enjoy our Texas style Christian barbecue while flipping off liver of the centers.
The festivity could be kept off with a community book learning on fire. All you have to remember you. March forward in rock stand.
And don't bring your eyes. Hey, you blink your eyes.
Being a patriot. Not a little book reader. The talented film Henry was once one of those. So we took him downstairs to the quiet room.
We were aware that you're a nice guy. Mr. Henry. I was a nice guy myself.
Yeah. Oh, I have my share of liberal views in the past. And I found out Mr. Henry that the world is a school of business.
Are you sure there is no need for free thought or creativity? Yeah, but let me say something for some. Let me say there is only a need for clear channel.
In electric. Hello, Barton. Michelle. Amical Chevron and show. Okay. From now on, Mr. Henry. Yeah.
Will make all your perverted coward cars liberal. The centers. Okay, because Mr. Henry. Yeah. You're really a dummy. All right. All right.
Are you sure? 33 27 on the moon. We got the mole. My steer coming along. Mo. Howard David. Did that too.
Mad dog from smoky bones. Barbecue and four laundry. Four to six thirty. Panther preview six thirty seven o'clock to panthers.
Host the same. We have sand. We blues. We ever find out any more about those aerosolid tickets? No. No.
But I'm sure you know, isn't that typical with what we're dealing with there? Well, you got it. What did he say to you when he called to this morning?
He said, would you be interested in giving away? I know what the first thing was he said. But after that, that's right. Would you be interested in giving away some aerosolid tickets?
And you know, I pipped it right across and you said, yes, you're why not? He's right. Okay. I'll go set it up.
No, look, he's a fat man. You know how you've seen a move or try to.
You know, I was in heaven's fight my bad day would buy me a stand such a good move with this new regime. We've got now and everything like a small and roses at the QAM.
And now you're starting to bring him back into the mix again. Is they say I didn't really make it? Oh boy. Well, mix him out. Turn him into mooshy beans.
I mean, that would feed like a whole city. That would feed Manhattan. Oh, speaking of bad stuff, this just in more bad stuff, males armed with baseball bats or sticks attacked and beat three homeless men senseless early this morning in four
waterdale downtown and in the beach side areas, police said one of the homeless men was listed in critical or life threatening condition in the area hospital and the other two were listed serious.
I mean, why should stop for to be out then? They just had it lynching the other day in Carolina. Nothing would be fine. So why not try to do a little of business?
The attack occurred between two and four this morning and evolved two to four young white males channel success. The attack occurred near the FAU building downtown on Las Olas.
Another several blocks west to the brown center for performing arts in the Himmarshie historical district. What is that?
The Himmarshie historical district never heard of it. And the third near the church by the sea off the 17th street causeway police believe incidents are related. No, no police are reported to us surveillance video of the attack at or near the FAU complex.
Go ahead get those guys in like bloated brains out. What's your crap? Beating homeless people silly just you know this is what we got now that's your violent lunatics and it's probably because of those video games that were watching that's right because you think?
When surprised me if Josh Quartus comes in one day or nearly mild manner and just starts like bloating everybody's brains on that place. I'll give you a list Josh. That's probably why we had a change management. I think he was right on the verge.
You don't give me that raise like that. By the way, Thomas was in a regain this morning didn't they hit him up for that raise? It told you where he told me what are you saying? But I'm eat put a boot put about like that. We have a new regime and it's well it doesn't work for you. I'm going to tell Joe Bell that if we don't get that raised for Josh Quartus, I'm taking a walk right to the refrigerator.
Just five away. Five six seven. I put in a lot of good words for both of you guys. Okay, make no mistake about that. I take care of my people. The old chicken that I forgot but I guess you already had his meeting. I think he likes to be better than any of us. Probably with good reason to he's one of all talent. No doubt. Never know to look at him.
WQ I am hello. Hey Neil. Yes. I hear you guys talking about the new email. I was wondering with the new regime where you're going to be able to get your four sounds back. I didn't bring that up yet. Let's ease into this. You know before start pushing for stuff. No, man. I can't wait. I can't wait. I'm all blocked up. Yeah. Now sounds like that. See that to me is just so sad. All these people. You're going to get your four sounds back. You're going to go to bad for us on that. I'll tell you what. All you
people out there sit there and make your own part sound. Just be careful. Our hard you squeeze. But I mean, you know, I'm not for that already. I'm more concerned with certain Nells than the part. No, no, seriously. I think since we law. I mean, you realize we're coming up to the second anniversary of that. Janet Jackson crap, which is just a convenient excuse. Just like nine of them was a convenient excuse to go into Iraq. The Janet Jackson crap is a super bowl two years ago. It's just a convenient excuse for all these Nazis to come down the word police. Oh, you can't do it. So we're going to find the $80 trillion and you can't do that. But I mean, but I will be like that.
It's just a matter of time. You probably start to go after the satellite radio. It's just a matter of time. And then of course that there already is still thinking about how we're going to regulate cable TV. They haven't got any business regulating cable TV. It doesn't come over the air. It comes out of wire into your house. That's like regulating what you're sticking your pop up toaster. You know, just wait. Well, that could be next only white bread, buddy. Yeah. And then like you like if you have a chicken breast in there like your chicken wing. I'm only going to be able to
eat the right wings from the chicken, not the left wing and no dark meat. No, that's for the answer and no females. No, whatever those are. Hens, no old Hens. It's just really pathetic. And like I said, the public is obsessed with crap. And that's what they've done very, very well. They just keep people busy with garbage and trying to stay alive. And oh, here's here's survivor. Oh, just going to be on tonight. And here's America's most pathetic idol and all this other garbage. Well,
that's what America's all about now is. Swill. That should have been Dan's last line. You know, oh, we're fine. Oh, we're swill. 5 6 7 0 5 60. I don't know why I keep giving those numbers out. I got some very huge pile. And I got to get to everyone and take us to at least midnight. You know what? Good. I don't know where all this stuff came from. It's just one of those days. I know we're so newsy, though. You know, how can you guys just so newsy? How many QYN? Hello? Hey, Neon. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I
know it. All right, Sally. Listen is a great day today because this is saluting captain, Mark Mettea. Great. I'm real happy to hear it. WQA and hello. Hey, Neil, one for your poll. Yes. Being black. I got to get to everyone. I'm taking a solution to die. How about you, adulthood? You learn to use it for your advantage. A permanent factor. Okay. I guess we could put that on there. What? He hated growing up as a black person.
I think I can relate to that. Isn't he still? He just got to a saying you didn't hear it. He said, I heard it. He used it to your advantage. He's probably got something high paid job that he used because he's sure he's still used it. It's totally unqualified. But he muscled his way in there and said, Hey, you either hire me. I'm going to sue you. I said, Okay. Okay. Whatever you say. People don't really do that. We've got some Popeye's chicken coming free for lunch every day too. He learned to manipulate the system. Nice go on, pal. We're with you. As long as you're not too dark. So it's real dark guys. I get real nervous about that.
I'm trying to think, although Sidney Potein is very black. He's real, real dark like what would you call that color black? Locality? No, no, no, no. Get out of here. Sidney Potein. No, he's like that.
He's like blue. So black. He's like very very. What's the night? How about Ebony and Ivory? Right. There you go. How many Burry can be the ivory or Malcolm can be the both? She can be editing. She wants to be there. You go.
Well, there's that movie. And what was that movie where she was like doing all the stuff? Let's just ball. Monster's ball. I was it was. And what did I decide about that movie that the ending was too abrupt? See, you only liked it because she was doing even though you protested about how gratuitous the second movie was a breath, but never less. It was just it. I'm sorry. It was just it was ludicrous. I mean, first of all, she was never done sawdust, but now all of a sudden she sit back and apport in a chair and she's thinking, Oh, well, he's all I got. And that's great that I got something and something little something.
That's it. You got a place to live. And from what I hear, that's what he didn't have a little something. This is Neil Roger. But it was a 516.
I don't have any national guards because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now. That's the National Guard. That's the National Guard. No National Guard in Iraq. That does no National Guard. No.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I was in Oklahoma. I was in Oklahoma. I was in Oklahoma. I was in Oklahoma. I didn't die. I guess I'm sorry. I don't know what happened. I really don't. This is difficult but Valentines mom died from an accident .I haven't counted what happened.
each of extra homing passion for Janet Jackson and Justin Tinkerbell and then
shoot them both. Boy what they did to everybody. Now what they did to
freedom of speech inadvertently of course try to be a couple of smart
asses. Then you know Dan Wellett and MTV was up to the in that up to their
earlobes right? Oh yeah. Is there any doubt about that? No. Forget the ongoing
privacy debate over US governments falling on telephone conversations. Soon
you may not have the right to tell cops to wait until you open your door.
Now they used to do a jack web open up its police you know you see that in every
movie. You better arm up while you can. That's right. In a case involving a
private citizen and police authorities of the midwestern state of Michigan
what is it say man what is this? Midwestern state of Michigan. A team of civil
rights lawyers appeared before the Supreme Court this week to challenge the police
practice of storming it at homes to look for whatever they want as evidence of a
crime. The case was brought before the court last year by Booker Hudson a
resident of Detroit. Hudson says he was arrested by several police officers after
they broke into his home without any warning. Hudson was found guilty of
possession of a small quantity of cocaine found in the pocket of his trousers
which led him to serve 18 months of probation as sentenced by judge of the local
court. A little bit of blow that said. Was that no well bush? That was hers.
Crank. Yes she is. Hudson challenged the verdict and took his case all the way
to Michigan State Supreme Court arguing that the evidence used against him by
the police was found in violation of his constitutional rights. The court
however rejected his plea last year anyway. Hudson's lawyers argued that
police had no right to enter his home without knocking at the door and announcing
their presence which is a requirement of the fourth amendment of the US
Constitution. Wow that's just a crappy piece of paper that constitutes
that's what Bush says. It is undisputed that the police violated the fourth
amendment by barging into Hudson's homes as David Moran a law professor at
Wayne State University appeared before the Supreme Court Monday on Hudson's behalf.
The fourth amendment states that the right of the people to be secure in their
persons houses, papers and effects against unreasonable searches and seizures
shall not be violated. It also notes that Warren should only be issued once
authorities have established probable cause and described the people places and
things to be searched and seized. All these things. In 1995 Supreme Court opinion
just as clearance token Thomas even a Nazi like him stressed that's a
not going to announce rule that Hudson's case rest upon protects the dignity of
residents by allowing them a reasonable time to make themselves presentable
before the police enter. How about we're sitting around in their underwear and
buy some shorts? Let me cover it up for Christ's sake. Yeah for crying out loud.
The rule also protects private property by allowing residents to open doors
rather than having them destroyed by police battering random. Thomas said
according to the ACIU who filed a mika's brief in the case last September. Hudson
wants the Supreme Court to reverse the Michigan court ruling which embraced
the argument that had the search been conducted legally the evidence against
them would have been found anyway. Under this reasoning Hudson's lawyer say
police would have no incentive to avoid unconstitutional shortcuts by failing to
get a warrant or simply barging into homes when looking for evidence.
We ran another lawyer's representing Hudson say they were hopeful that the
Supreme Court will decide the case in their favor by ordering the suppression
of evidence against their client. I could just imagine the average smucker out
there sitting around at home or whatever they're doing in a privacy of their
home and all of a sudden somebody barges in. Remember that case in Jojo? It was
I forget where in Georgia was. Wasn't Atlanta? With those two years ago.
Guy's name was Hardwick. Oh sorry but that was his name. And they just barged in
there and they found the two guys that are doing their thing. Oh wow you are.
Yeah. Very sad. That's America for you. I wonder what Joa Lido thinks about that.
Of course he doesn't believe in any constitutional rights. Right. Especially for women
in minorities. He just don't come to those kind of people. I try again. Oh good.
I only wish. What a what an idiot. You know Mr. Raj. It's about time you grew up
okay. A silly person. You know he probably cries during soap operas to Mr. Raj.
Oh gee. 526 votes on the poll. It's not too bad. We got a shot at 600 today.
What did you hate most about your childhood? Getting dragged to church. 103.
Let me say it again. I know that most of you don't want to hear this but I'm
going to say it to you anyway. We allowed him queer. Oh the sun is shining. It's
going to be 46 here today. Can you believe that? There's no six things global warming.
It's only the 11th of January. Let me take a look and see what our temperatures are
ready. It's already 41. I'm looking for an idea. I had a new story last night about all these
disappearing species of and the instant frogs and the earth. I put that on me. I just
sent that to a Josh and Eric. How about that with a picture of a frog. But there is no
risk. Just kidding from Montreal. Anyway what I want you to do is take a look at that
story about at least 100. Probably going to mind a lot more than that. They always start
with a low ball number and that turns out. It was like 500 ragheads got killed and that
stand peed over there. They're all slept into the hog and they're all like throwing
a stone at the statue. They're getting rid of the devil. Why they just call up father
mirroring for Christ. They see him too much these days and that's right. He's still dead.
You got to let pea soup on his eye glasses. Remember that? Oh yeah. He used that
schmata to wipe the glasses off. That was anyway. Remember that scene? He goes in the bathroom
and he takes off those old fashioned glasses and he takes that rag that schmata like a
shawl. He's got around his neck. Wasn't that his tits? No that was his talus. Okay. Well
he had all the evases covered and he's wiping off the schmutz, the green slime from his
glasses. Anyway getting dragged to church 104. Take a look at that hive thing. I started
to save me for interrupted myself and then think about your all these other religions.
Okay. It's all crap. It's insanity. It's madness. It's ritual. And that's why that's
the, it's appropriate. That's number one on there because that's what your parents do.
They brainwash you. They talk about cults. Well guess what folks. It works out. How
about more effective when you got that person air every single day 24 or 7 just about?
When they're too young to realize they're lying to your teeth and brainwashing with
a god and Moses and Abraham and Jesus and Joseph Smith will crap and Allah and Ali and
all of these things. How's that Ali kid doing with no arms and no legs? Oh lucky Ali.
Lucky Ali. Yeah. Lucky you're all the time. Getting dragged to church 104. Take your parents
just a note to your parents. Go to go do your own crap. You silly getch keys. Not having
money 99. School 82. Getting bullied 74. Getting dragged to visit relative 51. My parents
look how many it's got. The third man. Spankings 21. Being abused 18. Getting picked last
for sports 16. Being treated like an infant 15. Like a little child. Especially when you
get to be about 25. They're kids annoying. Mom's cooking eight. My neighborhood eight and
going hungry seven. This is not a secret. This is a solid. More holiday and this portion
of the new Rogers 12 to one hour is brought to you by the letter 12. One group of my
kids have been eight. My 11. 12. The license of pizza. All for me.
All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All for me. All
The OK 560 WTQ WAM. I can't respond to my email about the fact we got a
changed in general and I love these because later I'll make the
be a hawking them about baseball and cram.
And although normal probably could take it to Marlon's this coming season, when you think
Josh?
Well, I'm close and we can just be the ball boy.
Oh, and what about I just get to tell you about the Hodge, the Stampede?
Listen to me.
Listen with on your filthy thoughts, okay?
You're just so damn perverted.
Huh?
Just take 10 seconds after we are perverted, filthy life, and listen to me now.
No.
I'm trying to.
Hodge Stampede kills hundreds.
What about I just get to tell you about the low ball numbers?
Speaking of all?
They started out with 50 this morning, Fitty, and then they moved it up to at least 100.
Now, and this just came over seconds ago, moments ago, at least 345 people have been killed
in the Stampede during a symbolic stoning ritual at the annual Hodge pilgrimage in Saudi
Arabia according to the country's health ministry.
There's stone over there, man.
You gotta be doing this crap.
And this is over some luggage that fell over or something.
And 289 others were injured in the Stampede and taken to hospital.
Many of those injured around the seriously hurt, but there are also some requiring treatment
in the Adiani.
Many of those of the scene showed dozens of bodies lying on the ground covered with sheets
and blankets.
A U.S.
while we already read that, let's see, ambulance is screaming, but a boat, bodies taken
away in refrigerator trucks.
And let me read this one more time for those of you people out there to reflect on the stupidity
of organized and any kind of religion, all this acid-eyed garbage.
If it's pathetic is what it is.
As a matter of fact, it ties right to the next story about early man was hunted by birds.
The Stampede, like others in the past, happened during the stoning throwing ritual in which
the pilgrim stonies symbolic devil.
Oh my God.
How do you like that?
I heard it was Scott Needhamar.
He didn't even play there anymore.
Maybe it was Alexander McHillney.
That's why they dropped him.
He was stoned.
Do you have any idea what I'm talking about?
Good.
Any of his jars there, Mr. Hockey fan, you going to be at the game tonight giving out
stuff?
No, I won't be.
Well, why not?
It's the San Luis Blues, baby.
Yeah, I know.
I'm not doing that anymore.
Why not?
You know.
What is that mean?
In other words, they're onto your scam and then I'll let you put those hours on your
time sheet.
Is that what it is?
No.
Well, then you just chose not to do it?
Yeah, I pretty much.
Well, why not?
We need your help, man.
We need some support after being some enthusiasm.
We love the panthers.
They're not all wind.
And come on, let's go and pour Stevie Weiss has got to have like a wrist surgery.
May Mr.
the rest of the season.
His wrist is a little, uh, hanging there.
I don't want to say limp.
And guess what, Stevie, when you recuperate and come on up here, I'll nurse you back to
health.
No problem.
I got a perfect spot for you.
Anyway, getting back to that other story, a South African anthropologist said today his
research in the death nearly two million years ago, when eighth man, shows human ancestors
were hunted by birds.
Oh, no.
Let's see what goes around.
Comes around.
How about that?
An Alfred Hitchcock.
He would need to know what it was all about.
Him and Tippy Heavily.
That's right, the birds were hunting man.
Maybe that's why they were doing that in that movie or maybe just because it was scary.
Although when you look at the special effects in retrospect, yeah, these are little help.
These types of discoveries give us real insight into the past lives of these human ancestors.
Let me say again, two million years ago, and of course, the believers, the religion,
the Jew Christian types.
While the Old Testament says they've got created, and of course, it's the Jewish year, what,
58, what is it?
I like the calendar.
Six thousand years ago or less, whatever, whatever, Takamimi Krab, the right one, okay?
Six thousand years, my ass.
That's what I heard.
And of course, if it was only six thousand years ago, that would like to see that, that
makes the theory of evolution very difficult to believe because in such a period of time,
talking about all those primitive things, evolved into whatever we got today, you know?
Well, they didn't.
Oh.
No, it was millions and billions of years.
Oh, no, you're wrong.
You just made that up.
You Kami Pinto atheist you.
These types of discoveries give us real insight into the past lives of these human ancestors.
The world they lived in, the things they feared.
Lee Berger, a paleoanthropologist at Johannesburg University of Whitwater, Strand, said as he
presented his conclusions about a mystery that's been debated since the remains of possibly
human ancestors known as the Tongue Child were discovered in 1924.
Even back then, they were wearing tongs to cover up their parts.
The Tongue Child's discovered, led to the search for the human origins in Africans,
instead of in Asia or Europe as once theorized, researchers regard the fossil of the Eiffman
or Australopetacosicus.
Australopetacos, right, Africanus, yes, as evidenced of the missing link in human evolution.
Researches and speculated the Tongue Child was killed by a leopard or saber-toothed feline.
But ten years ago, Berger and the fellow researcher Ron Clark submitted the theory that
Hunter was a large predatory bird.
Based on the fact that most other of the other fossils found at the same site were small
monkeys that showed signs of having been killed by a predatory bird.
Oh, the bird is the word, baby, make no mistake.
And now we got the bird flu coming back, right?
See?
Uh-oh.
Sounds like a movie.
The bird flu is ruining our dinner.
It's not safe to read a chicken or turkey.
All the birds should be dead by winter.
Now, my cows are safer than poultry.
All right.
And over yet, if you got a pet chicken, no kiss it.
Just pull it.
Berger and Clark, you know, if it's a pull, get rid of it.
Berger and Clark had until now been unable to show damage on the child's skull.
They could have been done by a bird.
Five months ago, Berger went to Ohio State University studying the hunting abilities of
modern eagles in West Africa, believed similar to predatory birds of the Tongue Charles
Era.
The Ohio State studied determined that eagles would swoop down, pierce monkey skulls
with their thumb-like back talons, then hover while their prey died before we turn to
tear it to skull.
And mind your mind, your.
Examination of thousands of monkey remains produced to pattern damage them by birds, including
holes and ragged cuts in the shallow bones behind the eye sockets.
Oh, geez.
Berger went back to the tongue skull and found traces of the ragged cuts behind the eye
sockets.
He said none of the researchers went for decades been debating how the child's eye had noticed
the eye socket damage before.
Berger concluded man's ancestors had to survive not just being hunted from the ground, but
from the air.
Such discoveries are key to understanding why we humans today view the world the way we
do.
He said Berger's research has been reviewed by a vision as due to a peer-in-of-fabular
addition of one of your very favorites, the American Journal of Physical Anthropology.
I'm sure you read that religiously.
Oops, just this morning.
On your way to the Hodge, the stone's something to death.
Or just to go get stone.
Judge the man's police video of grandmother's protest.
More American
lojinks.
You've heard of high jinks in America's lojinks.
Remember jinks falcon birds?
Of course, I'll be right there.
A judge wrote of the man had in the eye just like Pat Riley with that three-peat crab.
Hey, Pat, who are you kiddin' man?
And what?
Can you imagine how much you think Reagan had a lot of palm-ade or whatever that crap is in
his hair?
Dipity did.
Or is that what dark folks used palm-ade?
What is that stuff that he used to put in here?
Moral petroleum jelly, huh?
Approach him.
No, no, a long time ago, we were born.
Jerry, we were born.
What is it?
We talked about the black people of the white.
Yeah, palm-ade.
Well, whatever.
I thought it was a royal petroleum jelly.
In fact, John R.R.I.W.L.A.C. and Nashville, John Richmond, Burrow-Wayne's name was.
Yeah, get out of here.
The bomb appeared, huh?
A judge wrote of the Manhattan District Attorney yesterday.
It turned over a videotape of 18 women accused of blocking the doorway of the armed forces
of recruiting station Times Square.
You want to see the picture of these grandmas on their canes?
There were the ones he's got two canes, two big walking sticks, yeah?
Their lawyer Norman Seagull told the judge that the videotape was made by the police
October 17 while the women were sitting on the sidewalk in front of the building to
protest the war in Iraq.
The women at the time handed out flyers, calling themselves anti-war grandmothers.
The grandmothers, 16 of the many way, plus the doctors, know from a 17th asking that she
be excused because of a hip replacement, appeared yesterday in State Supreme Court
in Lower Manhattan armed with symbolic silver handcuffs.
Their toy costs, however, were confiscated by court officers as they passed their metal
detectors.
You're not supposed to have handcuffs.
A court officer patiently explained to Vinnie Harrison one of the women.
That's Shakespeare's name is Harrison said.
It's such a small thing, but it's symptomatic of what's happening in this country and
that madman in the White House and Halliburton and the deficit in April of end of late,
all of these things.
In the fourth floor courtroom, the court called the women to the railing one by one.
Courtroom regular is marbled at the side of 16 women, some carrying canes and pushing
walkers, stretching all across the room.
Many wore photos of their grandchildren on their neck on chains.
Summler has complained that the group had taken along about 50 supporters making it hard
to get a seat.
Addressing justice, Alexander Jong, Mr. Seagal said he had been told that the video
tape show that at least one person been able to walk past the women in the recruitment
center.
This was proof he said they were not blocking the doorway and that his early conduct
charges against him should be dismissed.
At first, the prosecutor, Karen Corey, said there was no video tape on Mr. Seagal
press, Ms. Corey corrected herself saying she had misread her notes.
But she said her office was having trouble accessing the video tape.
Let's go to the video tape.
How's Warner Wolf doing?
But he's got it.
Justice Jong asked her to make the video tape available as soon as possible and said
a court date of March 2.
Mr. Seagal said the video tape might have been made by playing closed-run recover officers
because he didn't recall seeing any uniformed officers' video tape into the scene.
Police surveillance of political demonstrations become a controversial topic recently.
The police department has been criticized for using officers disguised as protesters
to infiltrate demonstrations like those cookie-baking demonstrators in San Diego that you saw
in Fahrenheit 9-11.
Oh boy, they look real dangerous to me, huh?
But the subversive cookie people?
They're stressed that people with pumper nicks and wolfies have dangerous they were
a man, put them right out of business.
Well, they had like a Damia, that sort of thing.
So anyway, Josh is eating these days at the Ranskle House.
What does that tell you about his income?
Better get him that way.
If he's got to go to the Ranskle House.
That's right, he's got people over there.
Not for shluppers like you.
This is Neil Roger.
It's my bad.
Mark that one down.
That's all right.
You're back.
Well, it's because that log came in so late and I didn't put my yellow streak through all
the spots.
I don't put yellow streak through it.
You know, it's not the same.
We'll call that.
We'd lightning quick.
Man, we're supposed to put the card to miss Poha.
Bracum.
Bracum.
Bracum.
Bracum.
Bracum.
E means what an effort to do that.
I will say this back in the day.
There's a lot of open spots, openings in that bit.
Where we could have drop virtually all of it to me, but,
that far off for a hundred of our cards on.
I bet you probably will.
But then what happened?
I don't know, nothing.
580 votes on a poll.
I'm really bitterly disappointed.
I thought we'd get like 5,000 today on this one.
I mean, didn't everybody have a childhood?
Well, oh, wait a minute.
We left off the most obvious one.
If we did the poll the other day about people
had a good childhood, how about nothing?
Right?
How about nothing?
My childhood was great.
But are we not doing the, I hate this poll business anymore?
We can do that also.
Generate a little bit more response from that crowd.
After all, it's Thursday.
Not that there's any significance, but, you know,
why should this day be any different for any other day?
How about those crazy religions over there
and Muslim guys when I'm smart as I am?
Look at him.
Just remember, it's not what you believe, but that's not what I believe.
Look at him.
Orthodox Jews over there rocking back and forth.
They're wheeling their dovetring.
But we put them up.
Jewish stuff.
Why?
They're not even in dovetring.
You better start learning you, uh, Jews stuff, Mr.
because you sure got a lot of to learn.
I know more than half the Jews I know.
Well, I'm sure that, especially after you were born.
You can direct them, sitz is around your own neck.
That's right.
The good part about that is you can do that
and get right with the Lord and take your blood pursuits at the same time.
Oh, yeah, it's fantastic.
What a combo.
You could, you know, the box could just have a little readout meter on it.
Yeah, there you go.
The only problem is, like, on a real box,
that pressure kind of releases after a while.
Not with those sitzs, though.
I remember your face was turned in kind of purple at that point.
Well, the more it hurts, the closer to heaven you get.
It must be it.
The pain was so great.
Anyway, don't let me forget to play that guiding Shiite.
Okay.
How those tickets coming, by the way,
from your fat, disgusting, crap friend.
Hey, as long as the concert date tomorrow, we're doing all right.
Oh, but in other words, you haven't heard one more word.
No, no, no.
That is so typical, man.
Just 600 pounds of crap.
It's too early to start worrying about it.
Oh, listen, I'm not the least bit word.
I'm sure that people in the audience are thinking,
free tickets for Rarism, if that sounds really great.
So we probably shouldn't have even mentioned it,
especially considering the source.
But we'll see.
We'll see tomorrow if anything material is there.
By the way, because I still can't fix you.
Why not?
Well, what do you mean still?
You're factional about your stuff came through here already.
What do you mean still?
Well, it's spotty.
Well, there's something with your network on that end, okay?
I'm so glad I didn't spend more time.
My conversation with Joe Bell about engineering
because he's got the same engineers as KISS.
So I'm sure he's out of them.
I mean, you know,
now, you don't want to start belly aching too much, you know?
I kept it mostly with a sales department.
And then I was asked, you know, about certain other things.
I'm out of business.
I don't get involved.
Whatever KISS or OSRI, I'm not offering any opinions.
And I'm not getting involved with anybody else.
I'm not one of those people who runs around trying to get people fired to do it
or interfering with other people's lives if you catch my grip.
You know what I'm saying?
As opposed to certain people that's what they live for.
The US Army has displayed damage in cultural and sensitivity in Iraq
while being blinded by unrealistic optimism
and predisposed to use maximum force.
A senior British officer wrote in a blistering appraisal
in the US military publication.
The essay by British Army Brigadier Nigel Alwyn Foster,
who served with a wonderpiece kind of bananas foster or foster books,
who served with US forces in Iraq from December 2003 and November of 2004,
appeared in the latest edition of the magazine Military Review published by the US Army.
Alwyn Foster said US Army personnel struggled to grasp the nuances of battling insurgents
while also winning the hearts and minds of ordinary Iraqis.
Moreover, while they were almost wild,
unfaithfully courageous and considerate,
at times their cultural and sensitivity almost certainly inadvertent,
arguably amounted to institutional racism he wrote arguing
that the Army exacerbated the task in our faces by alienating significant parts of the Iraqi population.
An Army spokesman at the Pentagon told Boyz said,
we may not agree with it, but if the Army does want to present candid views.
Oh, what a concept that is!
The US Army encourages alternate and diverse opinions
so we may find out more about our effectiveness, lessons,
learn how to adapt in the future Boyz said down Wednesday.
We invited this particular commentary and published in our magazine.
Britain's been the Chief US ally, but it will put it out.
We know that other critics have also accused the US of military of a lack of understanding
of Iraqi and Islamic culture.
The military concedes that the vast majority of US troops don't know Arabic
and has launched an effort costing $750 million over five years
to improve foreign language skills in the ranks.
Remember all those linguistic experts they had tossed out because they were late?
Yes, remember that?
Oh, yeah. Well, we can't have them in there.
Well, they might miss a bit.
You know, they got that one.
Alan Foster, whose ranking quates to one star US general,
referred to US Army officers damaging optimism that seemed out of touch with a more sobering reality.
South belief and resilient optimism are recognized necessities for successful command
and all professional forces strive for a strong, can-do ethos.
However, it is unhelpful if it discourages junior commanders from reporting unwelcome news
up to the chain of command he wrote.
For force commanders and political masters need to know the true state of affairs
if they're to reach timely decisions to change plans,
arguably they didn't always do so, he said.
He said US forces in Iraq were more disposed to use offensive military operations
than the forces of coalition partners and US rules of engagement were more lenient than other nations,
thus encouraging early escalation.
How do you like that?
He said the army sense of patriotism as talc seemed weighed down by bureaucracy,
a stagdling, a hierarchical outlook, a predisposition to offensive operations
in a sense that duty required all issues to be confronted head off.
In other words, they were pretty offensive, as we're trying to say.
Right? Right.
Speaking of offensive, the Republican Party of Florida gave $150,000 to the group
that wants to put a constitutional men in banning same-sex marriage
on the November ballot new campaign finance record show.
Oh, that's here for the Republicans in Florida, including Charlie Christ.
Now, is he Republican or Democrat?
Charlie Christ. Well, I don't know.
Well, you better look it up.
He's running for your governor.
The part and the Mark Fowler, it is a good old Republican gay in Palm Beach County.
Come out, come out wherever you are, Mark. You're not kidding anybody.
You self-hating effect. Have you ever seen Mark Fowler and Miss Grudge together?
They're probably doing it right now.
The party's donation more than three quarters of the total at the group sponsoring the amendment
Florida for marriage, that work has raised so far, comes as the port is struggling to meet a state imposed deadline
for gathering signatures.
Backers must collect 611,000 plus signatures, have them certified by local elections offices
by February 1st, Florida for marriage.org officials say they've gathered roughly 250,000
so far for their proposal, which would also prohibit civil unions that offer the same benefits as marriage.
In other words, they're not satisfied just banning gay marriage, also civil unions.
In other words, probably gay people shouldn't be allowed to live at all, based on their thinking.
The court of the Constitution also comes to weekend.
Did you look up for Charlie Christ?
I'm on his homepage and it doesn't just leap right out at you.
I forget which party. I know probably the party goes through a lot.
Yeah, that one. Maybe at the band houses.
Word of the Constitution also comes a week after a host of Republican leaders, including the state party,
chairwoman and both of the GOP leading candidates for governor-induced measure.
Ah, here we go. Now we're getting close. It's starting to smell.
Having a proposal to ban same-sex marriage on a ballot could help Republican party by rallying religious conservatives
to the polls and year-end Floridians will elect fat ass governor Bush's successor,
a spokesman for the Republican Party said political considerations played no role in the GOP's contribution.
Right. The party made the nation solely because we support the issues that can be landers in these spokeswoman.
Still, she acknowledges it happens to be beneficial to have initiatives on a ballot that Republicans feel strongly about,
like hating minorities of all stripes. Just ask Judge Alito, he'll tell you.
John Stember, the chairman of the group sponsoring the amendment, said the money has been largely spent on mailers
and supporting supporters of the impending deadline and distributing petitions.
Oh boy. Well, let's see, they need to just have 11,000 signatures. They got 250 and it's already the 12th of January.
Ah, I know. Thanks, so. Do you? No.
They'll look through promising to me. Here's a piece of good news for George.
Oh, that's right. I have to wait till I have to break about to hanker.
He says, what? They're going to give me my money and let's be going to come and cure your chanker.
I mean, even if it's $2,000 a cost of our money, it has Medicare, we can take that big chanker right off the hook.
27 past noon at 560 WQ and the beast is on balance for life again.
He says the food is better than ever. It's a piece of cake without the cake.
And you know, most diets failed because you're starving all day long.
You don't get enough of the foods you like and you feel like deprived and depraved.
Well, balance for life works because there's so much food in that sack they bring right to your door everyday.
Tons and tons of food, tree gourmet meals and food delicious snacks to keep you loaded with food and the wait just pours off your ass.
And they deliver that sack every morning right here doorstep at your home, your office.
And like I said, you lose weight like crazy.
Forget about joining the gym because you're never going to go anyway. And if you do go,
are you going to be doing a snacking on carrots, sticks and rice cakes and starving all day?
Do the thing that really works for you, which the beast, we're going to get a weekly update on the number?
We will be. We will be. He's doing it.
So get on the zone with balance for life. It's based on Dr. Birri's here zone diet.
And they do all the figuring for you. You don't have to concalories or grams of carbs or anything because they do all that figuring for you.
Call balance for life right now. And this year make your New Year's resolution to lose that disgusting unhealthy weight or reality.
Call 1-866-225-4543.
That's 1-866-225-4543 or check them out in the web at balanceforlife.com.
And don't wait. Call balance for life. Now mention your ranchers or QA.
We get yourself two free days of food this week. 1-866-225-4543.
This is meal rather. This is 5-62-8-225-4543.
Like nothing you've seen before.
Excuse me, a seam father.
What is it my child?
We have something I must tell you.
What is it my daughter?
Oh father, I'm afraid to tell you.
Afraid to tell me your own father?
I fear I will be ashamed upon our family.
No nonsense. I am your father. I love you very much. You must tell me what is wrong.
You promised you would still love me?
Of course my sweet child.
Of father's love is not erased by a simple misdeed.
Very well. I am.
I am pregnant.
Oh, I see.
Do you still love me father?
Of course I do.
But since you are pregnant and not married...
Yes father?
I am afraid I must drag you down to the town square
and with the help of my friends and neighbors, I'll stone you today.
My daughter, it is written that this is the punishment for what you have done.
Could you check again father?
I should only be grounded.
No, grounding is not what.
I must have you stone.
It's the first step.
The focus is on a fundamentalist, a Middle Eastern family.
May I speak with you, my esteemed husband?
What is it my wife?
I have something to tell you.
Am I listening?
I am having an affair.
Oh, I see.
Are you going?
I'll put it back, y'all, to collect some stones.
What do you mean?
Yes, I must drag you to the town square
where you will of course be stone today.
You'll be mesmerized.
If you follow the lines of the Fucknet family,
and they deal with them any problems, I'll fight them.
May I speak with you, my esteemed father?
Yes, my son.
Last night I used the little drugs.
Well, what do you know?
You are one lucky boy.
Oh, why is that father?
You are going to get stone two nights in a row.
You are one lucky boy.
You are one lucky boy.
The guiding sheet.
The guiding sheet.
I just shot on location in fact, dad.
From 34, there were a bunch of stampeders over there.
You found at the Bearback Mountain,
where we won time too many, 614 votes.
What did you hate most about your childhood?
Getting dragged to church 116, getting stampeded,
getting run over at the hogs, probably big.
Not having money 107, school 91, getting bullied 90.
Getting dragged to visit relatives 55.
My parents 36, being abused 23, spanking 23.
P out!
Getting picked last for sports 21.
You understand there, you know, they're picking up sides,
and they're standing there with a stupid gym shorts on.
And like, you kind of like, you kind of like trying to
feed into the woodworking also, so we can see that you're still there.
They could swimming, you say you old people had to do it.
Right, that's correct.
Good guide.
Good God, what?
Kind of a pedophile fantasy was that.
I don't know, but now that I think about it,
I wish I'd have been a little more observant.
I'm a serious gym class, we had a swim naked.
And I don't want to tell you about the smell of that pool.
They must have 40 gallons of chlorine, and a pool still didn't help.
But anyway, spanking 23, getting picked last for sports 21.
Being treated like an infant 16.
Mon is cooking 10, my neighborhood 10, the old hood.
My childhood was great, seven.
See, there you go.
You're going hungry, seven, and I hate this pool's already got two.
Out of six, 14.
So you'd like to give everybody a place to go on these pools.
We got a place for you to go.
Why don't you get back to the chankers since you had all those problems with your trees?
No, I didn't have any problems with them to stay.
They did.
Well, like I said, and they were infected.
Florida agricultural officials put a stopgyeast today
to one of the most controversial aspect of it.
Citrus canker eradication program, the cutting of healthy trees,
after federal...
What?
Those were mine.
After federal scientists determined it's impossible to wipe off the disease in the state.
Well, do you tell them you want them back?
And the money that it caused to fix my yard.
There you go.
And tell them while they're at it, fix the hurricane damage, too.
Please leave.
The hurricane is that pummeled to stay in the past two years,
simply spread the airborne canker too far and too wide to be contained,
federal and state officials say.
While infected trees will continue to be cut down and grows in back yards,
those within a 19-year-old footer radius no longer will be filled.
But homeowners who lost trees still can't repite because quarantine rules banning
new symptoms most of South Florida may in place.
I'm going to tell you something right now.
Instead of worrying about citrus, chanker, and canker and all of this stuff,
what they should have done a long time ago was Bander's Damned Dangerous Malalukas, baby.
I just want a puke when I see a Malalukas.
I'm telling you right now.
Oh, God.
Remember when I moved into my house I had like nine Malalukas, now you know.
I had them all removed.
Custa, arm and seven legs, but I had them pulled right out of the ground.
All that bark just falls right off of that stuff and it releases all those toxins in the air.
High, high allergy, a situation in Malalukas.
Most people are allergic to the crap that it spews into the air.
And people think they got a cold or a sore throat or this all of these.
All of these things.
And come to fight out its bad allergies, man.
Florida is just a hotbed for allergies.
Oh no, a worker transiting a trench collapse in Greenberg, New York.
See this is the trapped worker du jour.
We had the plain emergency du jour.
And now we got the collapsed construction site in Greenberg.
I have no idea where that is, Greenberg, New York.
You ever heard of it?
I never heard of it.
I know where Greenberg or Pennsylvania is.
I know where Platt's Burg is, but Greenberg?
Wow.
So here's the latest coal miner story du jour.
How's that chicken aerobic doing, by the way?
Sounds good.
Shark food?
Yes.
Now here's the story I threatened to do yesterday speaking of food.
And I know most people don't want to hear about this.
That's why I'm saving it for right now.
You're nearly your lunch.
You can either listen and pay attention.
The New York Times had that big, big series of articles about diabetes.
Now if I didn't have diabetes, what the hell would I know about it?
And especially the bad behavior.
All that ice cream I'm always talking about having eaten and all that stuff.
Not lately.
Not since blobolacitor puts a scare of something in...
Deal, guys.
Right.
After I found out about his diabetes and his related stories.
Derek Jackson in the Boston Globe was a good writer.
Diabetes in the trash food industry.
He writes,
Type 2 diabetes is sweeping so rapidly through America we need not waste time giving children bicycles.
Just roll them a wheelchair.
There you go.
It won't just be for a lot of nail flights that are full with wheelchairs.
It'll be all the flights.
Forget the basketballs and baseballs.
Give them braille flashcards.
The next thing you know iPods, Game Boys and Xboxes will come with glucose meters.
Beeping.
Sorry to interrupt your song or movie but it won't continue to use me.
Well, and I'm going to tell you I don't want to like pick on the Humper.
But I'm just going to say it anyway.
Anybody who's diabetic and fat and got all of these, you know, blood pressure and just gigantic amounts of tub all around them.
And doesn't take their blood sugar every day.
At least two, three, four times is...it's got a death wish.
Don't you think?
What an embarrassment.
Yeah, exactly.
And I just gave up on it a long time ago.
You know what I mean?
I just, you know, we're having a thing for Skipper Chuck on Monday and he's going to be there.
Now the guy that called me yesterday maybe you want to call the Humper.
Oh, the celebrity funeral guy?
Right, the celebrity funeral guy.
When I pick up souvenirs, I guess when you go to a funeral they give you those little cards, you know.
They do?
Yeah.
I didn't know that.
I don't go to funerals.
I don't go into his my own.
I can't get away with it yet.
But I'll work on it for the guy.
You can make trading cards out of those things.
One of the saddest emerging facts about Type 2 diabetes is how it's robbing children of their childhood.
It's one of those ways of dropping the overall life expectancy of Americans.
This grim world of amputation, blindness, heart disease and kidney failure,
lets us whom to be confined to those with wrinkles as he said in the tender world.
We've created this monster by allowing trash food marketers to pray on our children,
letting our children disappear in the video screens.
The number of Americans with Type 2 diabetes that can be controlled by exercise and eating right has exploded.
From 5.8 million to 1980 to 18.2 million a day,
according to the Centers for Disease Control Prevention.
I'm going to do the break because I don't want to rush through this.
It's not all that long.
But it's, you know, you're better listen now.
I'm telling you right now, man.
Just stop and think about not being able to eat like all your favorite foods like spaghetti,
all those puffinishes and pizza.
Oh, that's right.
And mashed taters, all those carbohydrates things that you just love.
Oh, that's what I mean.
And ice cream and mushi beans and mushi beans and candy.
And carrot cake.
Cake.
Yeah.
And pies, mother humber pies, all that fantastic stuff.
All the stuff that tastes good.
But then it's fostered you it.
All those delicious desserts.
Anyway, I want to get back.
It's not that long.
And some people say, oh, that's so boring.
You know, look, we got through the fat tub like you.
Well, I'm doing the best I can.
I'm an imperfect fat slava and an imperfect world.
You know what I'm saying?
Well, you said some fart sounds while you read the story.
Oh, okay.
Keep reading, Lord.
20 to 1.
Yeah, what are those fart sounds coming back?
Neil?
See, I'm going to tell you something.
If you can't do a radio show without those crutches, without those things,
that doesn't say very much about your talent.
It says you're very narrow and very limited.
But if you can continue doing a show no matter how much of the stuff they take away
and you still maintain an audience and keep something interesting going on,
that says maybe you got a little something something.
You know what I'm saying?
I thought I'm not thinking any shots, but nevertheless you figured out.
Hey, we saw Oldberg.
It's the hippopotamus!
If we came back or grazed with what would Jesus do?
Tell grace to appear, says I...
Rackham!
If we came back or grazed with what would Jesus do?
Remove their bumpers, they're present.
Tell grace to appear, says I...
Rackham!
If we came back or grazed with what would Jesus do?,
Find a pair of pants, remove their bumpers, they're present.
Tell grace to appear, says I...
Rackham!
If we came back or grazed with what would Jesus do?
Find a pair of pants, remove their bumpers, they're present.
Tell grace to appear, says I...
Rackham!
If he came back for Christmas, what would Jesus do?
Oh, so mark down!
Bill O'Villy, find a parapet,
remove them of the sticker,
and the Christmas is in his hands.
Absolutely.
From 47-13 till a one speaking of...
Absolutely.
...all how are David and it too?
Or are ain't nobody like him and his will.
I guarantee you that.
He is one out of...
They threw away the mold after they made him.
After they made his ass.
I wonder if there were dingle burrs actually came in the mold.
Ooh, mad dog gets smoky bones in four-large, four to six-thirty.
Pants his preview, gully of the odd night,
squeaking his way to another panty-victory.
Pants his ill kill the same lose blues at the Macaroon of 7 o'clock,
at 8 o'clock after the hockey game.
Anyway, can I get back to my diet, BB Story?
I don't want to pick on Hank, but we'd like to see him lose an ounce.
And when Josh told me a couple weeks ago he was in there eating donuts,
that was bad.
Oh, for me!
It's bad.
It's always really.
In fact, Mo, keep stealing all that fattening food out there.
Maybe you'll keep somebody other people alive.
An American child born in 2000 has a one and three chance of contracting diabetes
in his lifetime, one and three chance.
An African American has a two and five chance, 40%.
At current rates, every other Latina born in 2000 will get to disease, 50%.
Every other Latina born in 2000 will get to disease.
Do you hear that?
I heard it.
Fast food, soda and sugar snack companies are well represented in the Fortune 500,
but the cost on the other end are staggering.
The CDC estimates that diabetes costs the US $92 billion in medical cost,
and $40 billion in indirect costs, such as restricted or lost worker productivity.
While diabetics now make up 6.3% of the population,
the American Diabetes Association estimates that the disease accounts for 19% of health spending in the USA.
So far, none of that is kept to the Canadian Americans outside of doctors,
public health officials, no school districts that have kicked out the soda machines,
that is except for pharmacies, superstores, and the medical supplies industry,
which are gearing up for the miserable fallout.
In one of its 2005 reports, the marketing information firm IRI said that sufferers of diabetes,
obesity and high cholesterol, our ideal targets for retailer and manufacturer programs
aimed at driving sales growth.
Many ailments, such as diabetes and high cholesterol, are regularly treated
with prescription medication. For retailers and manufacturers, this translates to frequent shopping,
gifts and us countless opportunities to build relationships and drive non-prescription behavior.
In other words, squeeze some more money out of you before you croak.
In the case of diabetics, the relationship will be built around low sugar, low carbohydrate,
low fat foods, and beverages. It also means that the expanding racks for diabetes,
management supplies such as insulin, syringes, and blood sugar meters,
also mean more customers who buy other items in the stores.
This is a hotly competitive area for retailers.
Carolyn Whalen-Rot-Riguez, a diabetes specialist for shop-coast pharmacies,
told the Trade Publication Retail Merchandiser.
You're serving a niche that is needed for patients care, but also a huge sales driver.
It's not just the right thing to do, it's profitable. I got a niche in my niche.
Ed Staffa, who's got a staffa infection, vice president, member of our services
for the National Association of Chain Roasters, Ed and retail merchandiser,
these are repeat patients. On an ongoing basis, the same individual's purchase products
month in, month out. If you're able to engage them as a patient initially,
you have their patrons for the rest of their life, as short as it may be.
While business waits for the disease to fall to them, the greatest story is tragic.
The nation-yard children are being born into, as one of which they're more likely to be acquainted
with sugar test strips than final exams in college.
The over-sex marketing and perfect body's thrown at youth and name of fashion will become a mockery
as the young girl old before the age of 50 with brittle nails,
calluses, oversensitive skin, balding skelps, tungured bodies and of course lost limbs.
All of these things.
The nation has not yet had the courage to stand up against trash food and has forgotten how to send kids out to play.
The bodies of our young are becoming trash and there is no time to play.
How do you like that? Good article by George Jackson. He is absolutely correct sir.
I'm so glad. He's the correct person.
There's a health in man. Just like your abozo president, there he is in Nolene.
You were an expert in the city.
You were an heck of a job, George. Yeah, heck of a job, Brownie.
Georgie. Brownie, how?
Come on, you're in pontificate and scream and how are electric people.
They don't pay attention. They want to go out there and get their fish food and they're banana and ice cream and just mung-mung, you know, shovel all that crap.
See, the only thing that's kept me alive?
The only thing that's still alive today and that guy hasn't already attended my funeral.
What do you call him?
Would you call that guy?
I forget what he was like.
He was a great, the professional...
A funeral attendant, something like that.
But the only thing that has prevented him from attending my funeral, my services for my asses, ashes,
is that I take my blood sugar all the time, religiously, like several times a day.
And I know that days when I was eating all that crap I was telling you, I would like, you know, take enough medication, not an enormous amount, which is dangerous,
but enough to like that so that my blood sugar was never like really out of control.
You know what I'm saying?
Yes.
But of course you can't fill mother nature forever all you do is postponing the inevitable when you eat this crap.
All that sugar, all these refined carbohydrates.
Carbohydrates are killers.
Okay, boys and girls, just keep that in mind. I know you have no idea what that means, but refined carbs will kill you.
Right.
I like love sugar.
I was just going to say, love sugar was right at the top of the list.
In fact, that's probably what they didn't know.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
I'm going to say, love sugar was right at the bottom of the list.
You call that a consultant?
Oh, yeah.
With a smile on her face.
Anyway, a member of a Prime Minister, Arial Surroids Medical Team said that the information
about the brain disease diagnosed after his first stroke is similar to 18 had been concealed for political reasons.
The controversy surrounding Surroids Medical Premen is continued unabated and his doctors
come under further criticism for concealing the diagnosis of cerebral amyloid angiopathy.
An angiopathy, I'm sorry.
Well, have you ever said that before in your life?
Never.
CAA.
CAA.
Senior Executive at Havasu University Hospital, Ion Kaurim, where a Sherone was first treated in December
and again since last Wednesday when he had the second far more severe stroke, admitted this week
the hospital's doctors had decided to give the Prime Minister blood thinners despite the diagnosis of CAA.
The physicians had promised full disclosure of Sherone's condition and the weight of his hospitalization in December.
The doctor said there was the fear that it made public.
The information would be used against her own and his cadema party, especially under the fact that CAA has often been associated in medical literature with Alzheimer's disease.
Sherone was in critical but stable condition this morning, a statement from Hadasa said.
The Prime Minister's condition remains critical but stable.
He's still reaching for the somatoshen and his heart rhythm is regular.
I'm not sure if he's regular but we don't want to get too deeply into that.
In the evening, you'll want to go a routine CAT scan tonight, which is now part of the story.
What is it? It's already night.
I don't think like eight hours ahead of what Thanksgiving is.
What the hell do you know about it?
You ain't never been over there in the holy land.
You better get with the Lord man before it's time to meet Marvin Maker.
I'm talking right now.
You better get with the Lord. You better go to that Hodge.
And then we see every now and then make sure the pictures of those lunatics in Asia flailing themselves with chains.
And just like the orthodox over there in Israel, they're smacking their head against the wall.
You've seen that, I'm sure.
Oh yeah.
Yeah, the smashing their head in the wall.
God loves pain.
Maybe that's where they got that hole in their head.
Okay, let's see how that pole is coming so far.
Oh, I never knew Greg was Jewish.
What did you hate most about your childhood?
We got 676 votes. That's not exactly the kind of total we were looking for today.
It wasn't a job.
We were thinking more like a thousand during the show but yeah, we haven't pushed it real hard.
And I've been doing all these bad times stories.
I say I'm getting punished.
My God.
What did you hate most about your childhood?
676, getting dragged to church 123.
Hey, mom, hey, dad, up yours.
Not having money 110.
School 97.
Of course, if you say that, the mom would then say, you won't have no money.
School 97, getting holding 96.
Getting dragged to visit those pain in the ass row of 57.
My parents 39, being abused 28.
My childhood was great 25.
See, that's moving up the ladder.
And why not?
We took that pole couple days ago.
People had a good childhood and had no complaints.
Getting picked last response 24.
Spankings 24.
Being treated like an infant 16.
Mom's cooking 10.
My old hood 10.
I hate this pull 9 and going hungry is still right there on the bottom.
What you want to share something about the food you got there?
Come on, let's call up some of these people that didn't that had no food as a child
and let them mind your mind.
And if I be these in the wrong Roger's, this is 5.16.
A.
No, this is on.
This is not a tumor.
It's the ones of two hours.
Time now for V8's ones.
1870.
The stuff that took her was invented.
The ticker was a very loud machine.
In fact, there's only been one thing more deafening at Wall Street.
That would be Jim Grayman, best English box.
To batten up, you're a walt-o-wit!
Susan B. Anthony casts a ballad and is arrested for it.
The player stands it wasn't for voting.
She's actually busted for dangling her chat in public.
When we come back, V8's ones I love the 1870s takes a look at the greatest invention of all time.
The Telephone.
In 1876, Alexander Graham's out, utter these famous words.
Mr. Washington comes in, fire wants you!
Not only was it the first phone call, it was the first obscene phone call.
I have to say, Mr. Washington!
OK, 101 at 5.60 W.C.A.M.
And we got Mo coming up at 2 o'clock. That's all it needs to be said about that.
Mo great programming on Q.A.M.
Here's the acute story.
Qualalum formulae, I'm sure you're probably going to trip plan this summer over there.
The threat?
A kiss is just a kiss, but it may prove to be the kiss of death for a Malaysian snake-charmor,
who will attempt to set a new world record by planting 50 smooches on a venomous snake in 10 minutes.
One thing to kiss your chicken, something to kiss your snake.
Shahimi Abdul Hamid, 33, will perform the dangerous feat on March 11th,
and a bid to break the current record held by an American man who kissed a poisonous snake 30 times.
An unspressived time, the National News Agency, Burnama said today,
the kiss and bird and snakes.
Shahimi's urge Malaysians to support him and his endeavor, saying he wants to prove that Asians can also be champions
in taming poisonous snakes.
He couldn't be reached for comment.
Burnama said Shahimi displayed his prowess at a news conference late Wednesday by kissing a 3 meter long king cobra 21 times.
That's what Bobby used to say, just kiss it.
His bid in March will be filmed by US television show Ripley's Believe It or Not, Burnama.
I was like, well, there he goes. He's going to have his maybe a few seconds of fame or maybe just a...
I'm dying out of here.
You're one of those.
5, 6, 7. Let's get a few calls in this.
I don't know what you say, even though I still got a gigantic pile here.
What are you saying? If we do any, of course we're going to be like, why are we like that?
I've been rambling on in Coeurany, and let me just tell you the sad news.
You know the story that I just read about Derek Jackson about diabetes?
So I'm looking at the stories that Josh posted on the website today that I sent him.
If it'll ever come up here again.
But this thing sometimes on the stats page is a little bit slow, Eric.
It's mighty slow right now, and it'd do another.
But I looked at that minute ago, and it was one of the like in Midland, you know, like way down there on the list here.
Here it comes.
Let's take a look at what stories they're getting read the most today, and which ones are not.
A bush plan, what were the rack laundry for, and I don't know.
Well, that's good. That's the one by Doug Thompson I read.
You should be reading it. You should be making copies of it and putting it on every doorstep and every mailbox.
Now let's see, where's the one about diabetes in the trash food industry?
61 people are read. 233 on the top, and 61, which is kind of like Midland.
I mean, it's early, you know, because during the daytime people read the stuff on our website, but nevertheless.
And that's sad? Yes.
And don't say, well, let's close you just read it.
Well, I read the other one too, okay, which is a hell of a lot longer, and it said it was so on.
But there's a whole segment of the audience. All they want to do is hear bush-bashing all day, which what's the point in that?
I mean, we can do it. You know, I'll leave that to others for Christ's sake.
Just repeating the same stuff over, like the guy that called it in the beginning of the show about Bill's fist.
Remember that?
And how much money did he make until now? It's stuck. And that's the old story. It's old news.
Talking about right-wing hypocrites. Well, that's a big revelation.
So all they want to do is just see, that's what I hate about talk radio.
Man, that's why I got away from doing that stuff. I despise it.
The ideologues, the ones in the far right, and the ones in the far left.
And it's the point against counter-bought. You know, as Crossfire is doing well, isn't it now, huh?
Yeah. All that contrived crap. Tired of it.
It's one thing that passes along some useful information. That may be help people devote to have some kind of an argument to refute some jackass friends of theirs or whatever.
But on the other hand, just railing and repeating the same tired old crap.
We already know we got a bunch of fascists running the company that stole two elections, okay?
That invaded a sovereign country and is occupying it right now and causing mayhem and bloodshed and making it a hotbed for terrorists from all over the world.
We all know these things. Unless you're an idiot. Unless you're a moron.
And the stuff about the hogs, they see them news. And I guarantee you, 99% of the people out there in this audience, they see that something.
What a bunch of backwards raghand. That's what they're thinking.
Because my god is better than yours. My religion's a hell of a lot more realistic than yours.
I'm going to tell you right now. We had the first couple of pages of Genesis. You'll burn that book.
You use it for kimling, right? Thought what you believe, but that you believe.
It's just idiotic. It's insanity.
He created the stars also. I mean, there is absolutely nothing in there that any child couldn't have seen with an naked eye.
There's nothing divinely inspired. It's just the same old fairy tales passed down one generation after another,
writing about people that never even, that probably most of them never even existed.
Because all of that stuff was written years and years after these people supposedly existed from Moses and Abraham and Jesus, all of these people.
How about holy Moses? Well, we knew Moses existed. Right. You used to see him in the flesh.
56670560, pound 560 in the Verizon singular. What am I getting all whipped up about?
That's because I was just reading Lassiter's blog during the break there and he was some cost to come at about my polls that he hates like poison.
But he liked the one about childhood because I've brought back a lot of memories.
Why is it that so many people hate the polls? We don't spend that much time talking about the polls. Oh, you know, people.
Sorry, Blabo. It kills a lot of good time, man. WNQA and hello.
Yes, sir.
Okay. One for your poll. I was talking about one a. And I started about the the first one you had about.
I think that you liked about your childhood. I said that you want to do this one here today about things that you don't.
And immediately she said none. She was in two at the Catholic school, which I did not go to.
Oh, none. None.
So I know it goes along with the hate school, but she likes school, but she just couldn't handle the nuns.
Yeah, I'm can't blame her. All of the bull bikes. Okay.
That's right. Thanks, right.
Nons got it. Got it. Or you could put penguins, but I think that much figure we're talking hockey again.
But how about those penguins, man? They couldn't win a fist game. They're tragic.
Get the rascals by Columbus. Notice by little girls team. Oh boy.
I'd forget about it, Mary. Okay. Just roll up your sleeves and roll up to your franchise. Get out of there already.
Why you still got a shot. WQ I am. Hello.
Yes. Hey, couple. Okay. What kind of a phone you are?
A couple things. First of all, I don't know if anybody's discussed or touched this yet.
But anytime there's a tragedy in a red state now, I really don't care anymore.
Like while they voted for the idiot, they deserve what they got. It's kind of like Pat Robertson.
Maybe a poor example. Bring their rad like Florida.
Second thing. If I see another buffer sticker that says American by birth, Southern by the grace of God, I'm going to run them off the road.
All right. And third thing, that minor tragedy last week. They had this woman on there and she's saying, we're a Christian and we're West Virginia.
We may be dumb, but you have to pray for us. Right. Just like the crack for all the miners to be alive. Right.
Then they turned on God and Jesus when they found out they got bad info.
Yeah. Anyway, Neal and closing. I think they stole the election, Neal.
Talk about crime over spilled milk. That's what he's talking about.
Making fun of a lot of you silly ass people out there. You know.
Not at the horses out of the barn in 700 yards down the road. It's a little bit late now.
I'm depressed. A blob of it doesn't look like my poles. I feel wounded there.
Took like a little shot. Well, that's where it goes. Take all the shots you want. And bother me. I can handle it.
5.6. Step. Maybe he's just needling me. 5.6. 7.0. 5.60.
Pound 5.60 in a Verizon singular wireless line. I may just have to finish my poll. I don't see like a lot of action on these phones.
See now if we didn't have the poll. No, no. Seriously. We didn't have the poll basically with the show would be.
Would I go back to like a week to those seven months of sitting here and reading the newspaper every day? You know, reading all these stories.
No, no, you got. Because everybody thinks I'm in a city and take these idiotic phone. Now this guy was okay.
I mean, there's about three or four we had today that were maybe worth a punch in the phone line up for.
But you know what most of it is. It's a swell garbage.
Somebody Q.A.M. Hello. Q.A.M. Good afternoon. Yes, sir. When is this?
But I don't see a real Roger. How are things in Miami? Where are you? I'm in Indianapolis.
Oh, well, I don't know because I'm in Toronto. So we're both out of touch. Oh, so how you been? I've been great. How you been?
I'm doing very, very good. Came up to your Indianapolis for the football game on Sunday. Yeah. Looking forward to seeing the cold balance of the Super Bowl.
And so what do you think about that? I say I have a good time. Oh my God.
Five, six, seven. He's called from any of theapolis because he went there and what do I think about that?
I say go stealers, go stealers, go up and down the field. Kick your ass. I want to pay for assuming this survived Denver to have to play Indianapolis.
I mean, they all sound selfish, but that's you have to strategize man. Just like losing that silly ass game throwing the game to the dolphins.
I mean, not, you know, and the plan against Jacksonville which worked out very nicely. Thank you, Billy.
It'll build well. It's like man. He knows where it's at. He knows where the bodies are buried. Somebody Q.A.M. Hello?
Mr. Neil. Yes, sir. Mr. Carler. Hey, Shameless request. Please never, never, ever retire.
Okay, Graham. See what I mean? Oh, I know. Yeah, please never be there. Quit sucking around. Okay, Mr. I want you to come to my funeral.
I'll let you express him. I'm I asked his ashes around. Somebody Q.A.M. Hello? Hello, Neil.
No, Carler might want to know what is your A1C? What's the number? Yes. Oh, last time was the highest it's ever been. It was 8.3. It's usually like a between six and seven.
Wow. You know, the goal now is 6.5. No, actually, the goal now according to the Atkins book that I read the other day is like under six between five and six. That's what the
physician said at six point, whatever. Yeah, that would be too bad. Well, I was 6.9. I was happy and I want to pay. People don't know what that is. That's
glycolytid. What they call him or global. That's your blood sugar over a period of weeks. Yeah. Well, I want you to get your glow because we care about you
and want to keep it on the air. Well, I'm sure that was back in June. I'm sure now it's a lot lower because not eating tubs of ice cream anymore.
At least not very often. Well, Neil, you're supposed to get it every three months. What? That? Yeah. What do you want to do that?
Some of that wants to make a lot of money on Bud test, I guess. You know, you can get them at records now doing yourself.
I wouldn't go to records if they give it to me for free. Thanks a lot, Polly. Although that is one of our fine sponsors, maybe, but I doubt it.
I don't think it goes around anymore. I thought it's gonna be a V.S. Oh, we like CVS a lot. We like Walgreens a whole lot.
So I'm so sorry. He said, records. There might be a jack record. Oh, didn't he die there? You're a two ago jack record. All right.
See when you stop and think about some of the people that you while lived and you're saying, well, you know, that's not so bad. Right? Right. That's one of them.
Dan zero old dad. There's another one. One third. One 13. Hey, listen, everybody come to my funeral. Okay. The race is on.
I can make you the march first. He'll have 30. A third. A man.
First we in South Florida. Can't you tell the tremendous response as we approach that unbelievable day?
I haven't heard one more word about that. Vista Vasev. Have you ever? Yeah. Yeah.
No, in fact, I got Miguel to take over the project. He went in port of a bucket of water over high boy. And he will.
Oh, please don't tell me he's involved in his two. Just like the rules and tickets. Not anymore. Oh, who?
That's what I'm talking about is the arosmith tickets. Oh, you're talking about that project. Oh, that project is in production.
I see. The artist getting done. We're. I'll see. It will be burnt. But the arosmith tickets are what I'm getting involved in that while he already took it away from high away.
Good. We will have a discussion tomorrow. I don't want any dealings with that friend. Tom. Okay. I don't want any dealings. I thought I made that pretty clear.
So tomorrow morning we will talk about how many we got and how we want to do it. Whether. I want to get over here with the.
So tomorrow we'll have some arosmith tickets to give away at the Macarena at the Bank Atlantic Yantos.
I'm a garden center.
Oh, at the United Center in Chicago, we don't have the air for a four. It will be a fun trip. And you can get some of that Chicago style pizza.
One 14. Some of that Chicago style pizza. Oh, for me. Happy New Year from the fine folks that I'm strong.
Fort of homestead 2005 was a stupidity here for them and thousands of new customers took advantage of the meal deal and bought themselves a new for it at Armstrong for it.
Why does so many people shop there? It's easy because Armstrong for it. Guaranteesian, unbeatable combination, a great price rate service act of the sale.
And that personal touch that comes from a local family owned dealership pick up the phone now and calls general manager David Rich at 305 24751 12.
When you buy a new for it from Armstrong for it, a homestead you also get the exclusive tires and batteries for life program.
I mean, it's that again when you buy from Armstrong for it, they give you free tires and batteries for life of your vehicle.
How can you be that? That could take you thousands of dollars over life of your car.
David Rich and the staff at Armstrong for it guarantee you will not find a better price anywhere in town.
They guarantee the Vetchamatti Bell's life on it. He's still around. Oh, damn it.
With Armstrong for it being locally owned and operate, you know they're going to give you great treatment too because they want to make you a customer full life.
No bait and switch, no BS, no phone e-sales. So start the year off with a great new for it from our friend, David Rich and the staff at Armstrong for it of homestead.
And to find Armstrong for it at 307 25 South.
The highway just 20 easy minutes south of the 836 pick a spin on down there.
Check them on the web at armstrongcars.com and then drive those few extra miles to save a ton of cash at Armstrong for it of homestead.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 560 QA.
Wonderful WQA.
What the...
On world news tonight, a ABC News exclusive, the secret tapes of President Bush as George Bush was spying on the American public.
George himself was spied upon. The White House says Bush had no idea he was being recorded.
Well I've given up. Sometimes I'm mangled English language. I'm bringing Jack Daniels all the time.
I had a little too much to drink. Now it's sick in coherent.
The White House is not happy about the tapes. I believe I'm going to...
ABC News.
119 at 560 WQA. I just froze up my computer for the first time. Aren't you depressed in the upset?
Okay.
Program is not responding.
And now, oh and erud is...
I got it all straightened up. Well I'm just a wizard on that thing, you know. Mostly by luck.
I find that even on those occasions when you haven't got any idea what you're doing, just start clicking the couple of spots.
Oh and erud is...right?
That's how we all kind of learn.
Just click it.
Leaked facts shows Romania helps CIA interrogate. Is it think you've got facts problems and you haven't seen nothing yet?
An Egyptian government facts intercepted by Swiss intelligence officers, the first real evidence that the US interrogated suspected terrorists at secret prisons in Eastern Europe, European politicians be saying a couple of days ago, the 10th, what's today the two days ago?
Two days.
The highly classified facts purportedly sent last year by Egypt's foreign minister to its embassy in London was leaked to a Swiss newspaper on Sunday.
And he discussed the fate of 23 detainees from Iraq and Afghanistan who were apparently interrogated at the air base in Romania on the Black Sea coasts.
I'm not going to try to read the name of the air base because I'll butcher it. And that's probably what they were doing there.
Egyptian diplomats have confirmed this information from their own sources of the minister wrote a coin to a Swiss intelligence summary, leaked to the Sons tag-blic newspaper.
I'm sure you read that every day.
Every day. You want to read that?
These Sons tags, a blick, whatever it is.
Oh, this is very aggravating.
Goodness, so thing going on.
Egypt hasn't confirmed the authenticity of the facts, but MEPs describe it as a hugely significant step when angry Swiss authorities confirmed the leak was based on a communication intercepted by a top secret surveillance system known as Onyx.
Aha. The Bush administration needs to confirm nor deny the reports of a network of secret detention sites run by the CIA across the former Communist bloc.
And speaking of your president, and again, I emphasize that you are president because I don't want anything to do with the best part of it if I could find it.
President Bush said yesterday he's doing everything within the Constitution to protect the American people from another terrorist attack, but added that congressional hearings into a top secret US fine program will be good for democracy.
Is that great?
That's right. You're doing it?
Safety, safety, safety. That's what it's all about, safety.
I said to go as far as the soldiers and all those other people in Iraq were dying by the thousands.
And on the unusual 75 minute campaign style time-haul meeting, which included nearly a dozen questions from members of the in my invitation only audience.
Mr. Bush said he firmly believes he has the authority to order warrantless wiretaps to phone calls by people thought to be linked while cat or its affiliates, or anybody who watched the Michael Moore movie.
Wherever watched any Michael Moore movie, wherever eight that one of those restaurants for Michael Moore, eight switch could be just about anyone.
I have the right as commander in chief in the time order to take action necessary to protect the American people he said during the event of Kentucky International Convention Center, Louisville.
I can understand concerns about this program. Before I went forward, I want to make sure I had all the legal authority necessary to make this decision as your president.
He said that after an hour of attacks, he vowed that I would use everything in my power, obviously within the Constitution, but everything in my part to protect the American people.
I put that hand on the Bible and I meant it when I said I'm going to hold the Constitution. Right, he wouldn't lie to us when he puts his hand on the Bible.
He'll look about those weapons of mass construction construction.
There must be over here and maybe there will be over here in a big joke.
Some on Capitol Hill are demanding investigation into the wiretapping program first reveal last month by the New York Times.
The program allows the National Security Agency to eavesdrop on international phone calls without a warrant, which Democrats say is violation of the Constitution right to prophecy and they happen to be correct.
Democratic National Committee Chairman Howard Dean criticized the Bush administration's disregard for our courts and our laws.
President Bush's decision to sidestep the rule of law and spy on Americans without a court order may have dealt a serious blow to our ability to fight and win the war in terror.
The Senate Judiciary Committee has scheduled hearings on the issue for early February and the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence finds those closed-door hearings both of which Mr. Bush endorsed yesterday.
I hope to have a good time. It's going to be really constructive, but basically what he says, he's going to do whatever he wants anyway. That's really what he said.
In other words, they can come up with a good. Let's have some more hearings, shall we?
Just like Joe Biden says, these hearings now on Alito are wasted time and for once in his life he happens to be absolutely correct.
He's not going to answer any questions, he's just going to be put about, oh look at that, Mrs. Cipi gambling.
The Senate is also open and operators of the MGM, Mirage and Harris Entertainment are planning a reopening in the coming months.
The Senate is already open in the block scene and I'm sure those are the ones of these, some of those ones owned by Alito Free that operates Pompano Park and are allegedly going to be a lot of Pittsburgh penguins, which I'm sure you're keeping your nose on that.
Got my computer all back and straightened out. Well, that a good job by me. Very good.
Look at that. The Tourism Industry attracted 31 million people to and then it counts for 50,000 jobs in Mississippi and a backwater mugwomps state like that.
It's a darn good thing. We don't have no gambling in Florida. Cheese. Why would we want to have all of those jobs and all of that revenue and all those tourists and all of these.
All of these. A state that could be great but held back by a bunch of Yahoo mugwomps man, a bunch of Bible thumping hypocritical right wing mugwomps including your fat ass governor.
And of course Charlie Chris you fairly wants to be your next governor. Christ almighty to that ad vision means to the wrong. She could have her how much you ain't it Reno she might want to latch on that ticket on the dream ticket.
Sure. What did you hate most about your childhood? There's that pool again while I do feel compelled once every now and then to give me the result we're going to put it on there.
Although I'm just crushed at those comments are read about the pool. Just realized, blah, blah. Getting dragged to church, 132 not having any money.
One 18 school 104 getting boy 98 getting dragged to visit those pain in the ass rotors. 59 my childhood was great 43. What's not to life? My parents 42 they sucked being abuse 31 getting picked last response 26 spankings 24.
I hate this poll 18. In fact, it's basically that means I hate yeah fill in the blank anything and everything being treated like an infant 16 my neighborhood the old hood 11 moms cooking 10 and going hungry only nine.
Now you know, no, you see you think there's a correlation between those last two. Could they send another word so few people hated moms cooking. That's why they didn't go hungry very often even if my school was crap. It was.
Well, in my case, my was cooking was just fine. That's one thing except for the last like the last 40 years of her life. We're getting worse, you know, not 40 maybe about last few years she wasn't like cooking up a storm normal.
Remember that time I asked her to make me an omelette. I was in the omelette thing which by the way is very good on Appkins and the diabetics and so. And she made scrambled eggs. Right. Remember that? Uh huh. And I said, I don't like scrambled eggs. Ma that's not the thing. You put your scrambled eggs.
I said I want scrambled eggs. It's not omelettes. You would know it. I'm left from a frittata from a fajita from toast. Right. Now she knows toast. He used to work at Zeta.
Who's the one that was on was that the one that was on with the OJ good old OJ. OJ and I don't. Hard to keep track of that crown toast and butter buttermilk pancakes. And what about Mark Eisenberg? What's he doing like three to four in the morning? I don't know.
126 at 560 WQ AM when you're shopping for shoes. Don't go to some store where you'll find a bunch of off name brands that you never heard of before and get a bad fit and really hurt your tootsies. Go to Brandy's where you can find always an unbeatable combination.
The best selection the most unbeatable prices and comfort and people really know how to give you perfect fit like Arnie. He'll make dang sure you get a perfect fit at the right price every time.
All the top brands are waiting for a brandy's that you know and love like rock port. For shine echo S.A.S. Mephisto new balance all the others to Brandy's even special item wide with as well. He got a big fat to pair of feet.
Brandy's worth the trip from just about any place for comforts, style, fit, value and selection. They are absolutely unbeatable. That's Brandy's at 1290 North Federal Highway and Pumpkin Obese.
Brandy's is open daily Monday to Saturday till 9 every Sunday till 5 and this week is a stoop. And it's a great time to buy rock ports at Brandy's because if you visit Brandy's today you can take 10 to 20 bucks off.
They're already low presses on their great rock port selection only this week and only at Brandy's shoes in Pumpkin Obese.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 516 Q.A.S.
The first thing I know is that she's a no-sister. She's a no-sister. She's a no-sister. She's a no-sister. She's a no-sister. She's a no-sister. She's a no-sister. She's a no-sister. She's a no-sister. She's a no-sister. She's a no-sister. She's a no-sister. She's a no-sister. She's a no-sister. She's a no-sister. She's a no-sister. She's a no-sister. She's a no-sister. She's a no-sister. She's a no-sister. She's a no-sister. She's a no-sister. She's a no-sister. She's a no-sister. She's a no-sister. She's a no-sister. She's a no-s
Moving right along. Probably want to get in what 40-50 calls between now and Motown into a flunk and Motown. You think this is Motown?
Well, not be a great billboard to promote the Motio. If they were. Miami is Motown. Like M.O. Dash. Motown. Right? A little bit picture of Motair with his vault spot going.
I think that would get an 80-year easy. Here's our only call WQAM. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how's it going? All right. The is the is the
Compton of the Bank of the United Center, the Bank of Atlantic Center. The Bank of the United
Center, the hockey arena. What used to be called the Yentah Center? Okay, because the Bank of
the United Center is like a national red car Bank Atlantic Center. Oh, so nice. Thanks, buddy.
No problem. And we're evidently the rumor is we're going to have a bunch of
Erasmian tickets to Atlanta show tomorrow. That's why they don't want to call. Now they don't want to waste their
quota of call. I can't blame them myself, right? Right. A lot of times since we ever gave away anything on the show.
And thankfully, because you know how I feel about that crap. Right. Can I get the tickets? Can I have the ticket, Neil?
Can I have the tickets? People that you would never hear from in a million years. That's correct.
Suck it around for freebies like that old ticket lady. I'm not going to waste my time playing that bit again,
because it's a pretty ponderous. But it's just, oh, look at that. It's already 46. The sun is shining.
It's eight to eight shell shoes. It's 46. Aren't you amazed and impressed? I don't know.
If there's any such thing as global warming, we have no snow. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised at about 80 tomorrow.
Thank you.
W.A.M. Hello.
You're welcome.
Q.O. Yes sir.
Yes sir.
Doesn't scare the hell out of me. Why is that? It was a little loud. Just because it was like that.
Just like that.
W.A.M. Hello.
Yes sir.
Yes.
Yes.
Hey, this is man. For your fall.
Yes.
I'm having a depend on people that drive you around. And also, and also, I definitely don't miss
masturbating to.
Okay, great. Sounds to me like you don't miss it because you still doing it.
To this show is what he was talking about.
Right.
567.0560.
Pound 5.
Systemly Verizon and Singular Wireless.
And the car, no less.
Okay.
Probably in a gas station.
And the car looking at some hot number.
Some hot guy.
I mean,
I have some gas station attendant.
Company.
Company Q.A.M. Hello.
I'm Goneo.
Yes sir.
I have a good idea for promo.
How about on people in board on 95.
All of the members from Q.A.M.
have our dress in different athletic uniforms fitting like.
Say, uh, bowl would be in a football uniform.
You can do like a jockey type of thing.
Anything related with sports.
We could have mold with like show with his checker pants with like what do you call those
up?
Can't think of now.
Whatever.
I think Donna Shalaly would be upset if we had all the members on that billboard.
Number.
567.0560.
She probably has one.
Pound.560.
And they've arrived in singularly.
I was on for it.
I'm pretty sure of it.
You know, Donna Shalaly over at the U.M.
You can't spell scum without U.M.
Somebody Q.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
Can I post Greg?
What was it?
I don't know.
Something Greg.
I don't know.
I'm just in case.
Yes.
Just to be on the safe side.
I think he wants to date with Greg.
Well, just go over to the sushi place.
He's probably waiting for it right now.
One good thing about your belly does not eat sushi.
Oh, I was so relieved to hear that.
Because he said one day when I'm in town,
we'll get together for lunch.
I said, that would be great.
I said, just as long as you don't need sushi.
He said, no way, Jose.
Deputy Q.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M. Hola.
Hello.
Warren, they slow this week or what?
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Good afternoon, sir.
Hey, I was shocked to hear that.
On Cox's died.
You were mentioning that the other day.
Long time ago, man, you better get with it.
Abe Lincoln, H. Feeland, did good either.
Doctor, what happened?
A couple of years.
What ever happened at Guy Bob Cook's?
Did he finally marry an idiot, Ryan?
What guy?
That guy Bob Cook's.
Did he ever marry an idiot?
Yeah, they just had a gay wedding, the two of gay.
Do you believe these people are what?
But it sure is a lot more entertaining
than reading all this bedtime work.
And not too many people, 70 people are
where the diabetes story, they won't read it.
And you want it to why?
Because they're in denial.
Today, they're in denial in six months from now.
They'll be in like the hospital.
And then about six months after that,
they'll be in the ground.
70 QAM, hello.
23 minutes, you couldn't wait.
QAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, you are breath of fresh air.
I knew from my aunt, you appeared to see
bring it.
I had a massive breath.
I said, I just was scanning through the
end of the aisle trying to find something.
And I put my pants there.
You are.
And you are breath of fresh air.
I have to sit out in the middle
of a chair to listen to you.
But I'm going to call us back someday
when you have something to say.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
There's a breath of stale air.
How long do you have the breath of fresh air?
Well, I bet after hearing that.
How many times did he say that?
About 30, man.
70 QAM, hello.
I'm four.
Oi.
70 QAM, hello.
I'm getting back to my pile.
I have to under there too slow
and are too weak in her lane.
They suck.
I'll tell you the new year on that phone
is started out really like a disaster.
You notice that?
Now back when in December when you were gone,
you actually had some pretty interesting shows.
I don't want to say that's because you weren't here.
But probably was.
But, uh, well, you know,
the good colors are intimidated by you
by your vast knowledge of historical minutia.
Sure.
There's not much about greeners to say.
Why?
We, uh, we wasted too much time on my minutia.
I'm, you know, I'm detailed, you know.
See, that's the one thing I love about Joel Bell.
And this one, which he seems like a really good guy
and a straight shooter, not a BS guy.
And actually, there's a radio guy.
Is the fact that he is interested in detail
because he realizes you can't make the, you know,
you can't make the big painting on it while we're not a brush.
And without the oil paints, you know what I'm saying?
Without the oil?
Right.
The oily bird.
Representative Roy Blod has ties to corporate lobbyists
and convicted influence pedler Jack Abramoff
at rival representative Tom Delay's.
Yet says he wants to be a reformer
if given the chance to succeed.
Delay is a housemajority leader.
Well, how do you like that?
Time and Roth steps out and, uh,
some other quirks steps and Don Corleone steps in.
Blod, Republican and Missouri has transferred donations
between his political organizations and Delays,
eventually benefiting Blod's son, Matthew,
current Missouri governor.
Roy Blod also wrote at least three letters
helpful to Abramoff's clients while collecting money from them.
Blod's wife, Abigail Pearlman,
Oi!
And a second son, Andrew Lobby,
from any of the same companies
that don't need to the lawmakers' political efforts.
Larry Sabato,
wait, here's that Sabato.
Sabato, Sabato,
or Gerante.
I would say Sabato.
Larry has something,
rather, the University of Virginia
and political sciences and author
said Blod's name doesn't have the same nation
by recognition as Delays.
And his only chance to success is to wonder
what amazing transformation in the way reformer
Blod said as is,
actually what he's got in mind.
Oh yeah,
Blod's set out of the peacemakers for the,
well, have money saying the Godfather three?
Oh, I forgot.
I don't know if he liked it.
Well, if that was his line.
Blod's set out of peacemakers
for the, uh,
read their lines real badly.
In a statement, Blod promised
the most swiftly to enact
Blue Lobby reforms and enhanced penalties
to require disclosure of more information
about lobbyist activities
and set new restrictions on
privately financed, so finance
traveled by lawmakers.
Blod's connections to Abramoffer's clients
could complicate the GOP's plan
to distance itself its leadership
from the corruption investigation
before the fall elections
that will determine control of Congress.
The board of Blod's rely on your belief spawn
has voted to contribute to charity
and amount equivalent to Abramoff's
personal contributions,
$8,500, according to Blod's
spokeswoman, Versa and Taylor.
And the beat goes on.
There are a bunch of crooks.
There are a big bunch of crooks, okay?
Just stick your finger on me in the pot.
The only thing you have to figure out is
which crooks are going to take away
all your rights
and which crooks are going to wind up
killing a bunch of innocent people
all in the name of big business and greed.
And which people are going to help
continue destroying the environment
and make the world melt
into a big puddle of water.
Nevertheless,
don't start getting too serious
and heavy duty, like I said.
We're not going to save the world
when it comes to stupid ass radio talk show, okay?
Just because Florida will be underwater
in about a half an hour,
you know, I'll be there.
Good luck to you guys.
Hope you're into swimming real well.
Sure.
Don't forget to go check.
I'll go back then.
Yeah, you know, if I have to.
In fact, I think when those numbers come on off,
now that the duck has been demoted,
I mean, they move over into sales.
What's the story with the trends?
We're going to get some dates on that.
Is trends going to be run in there
breathlessly with those numbers?
I'm sure you will.
Speaking of treading water.
141 a QA.
And finally, a TV experience like no other.
Oh boy, Comcast Digital cable
with on demand is easy to use and has lots to love.
And today you can try it for just $29.99 a month for four months.
Why is TV so much better with on demand for starters?
You can watch a wide variety of movies and shows whenever you want.
It's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV.
On demand is a library of thousands of programs ready to start when you say so.
With programming including free movies,
kids shows, music videos, cooking shows, sports,
home and program shows, guitar lessons, and lots, lots more,
you'll always have something good to watch.
And right when you want to watch it too.
And don't forget about control with on demand.
You can start, stop, pause, rewind, and fast forward programs.
Using that remote control, it is something else.
You can't get all this with satellite.
With up to 250 channels plus on demand, you can build your own TV schedule
who could ask for more.
And best of all, on demand is free with Comcast Digital cable.
So pick your show time, sit back and you wonder how you ever managed to get along without it.
Call today order Comcast Digital cable HBO with a power of on demand
for only $29.99 a month for four months.
In Dave County Call 305, Comcast and Broward 954 Comcast,
call for details for restrictions apply.
Here are those numbers again for those of you
a little bit on the slow side.
In Broward 954 Comcast, in Dave 305,
Comcast, this is Neil Rogers.
This is 560 AF.
Danny, got it, suck.
Uh-uh-uh, shoot.
Don't want to hurt you.
Everybody is born to find seeing
a
little girl you've got this
lightning.
In fact, it's really frightening.
I've been you see for
flying.
All these folks, you channing hands
from folks to channing towns.
If you're even done hurt,
you'll be 60 underbell.
If you don't want to judge this new,
do not touch the cops or too.
A shocking power can be found.
But can he go 911?
Everybody is worth blue fighting.
Uh-uh-uh.
Big burn is now in hiding.
Now, treat the building's frightening.
Time for the other fight needs.
That couldn't have been a little Brian Andrews
making those of Cackney sounds before.
I wonder if he ever kissed a chicken.
That's why we don't see him no more.
147, 13, 02, at 5, 60, WQAM.
I've actually most going to have his
thumb on at, uh, uh,
football weekend football games.
Absolutely.
Or maybe he's going to be spending most of the two hours
talking about the Panthers at home stand here.
We got San Lewis tonight.
The Columbus Straightjackets in Dugman Claim
and Jeff Rimmer on Saturday.
I wonder if the police pot fans
are going to take Rimmer off for dinner.
Maybe out to like a dark alley somewhere.
San Francisco Police arrested a man
Tuesday who they believe.
Remember I had to story about the, uh,
Starbucks.
Yes, when a bomb up Pecania.
See, arrested a man Tuesday.
They believe planted a bomb in Starbucks restroom.
That was powerful enough to dismember or kill
somebody had it going off.
Ronald Shouting.
He shot in from the three tops.
44 San Francisco was taken in the custody
about 5 p.m. Tuesday afternoon by police
on the corner of Dury Boulevard in Van Ness Street
about four blocks south of the Starbucks
at 1401 Van Ness Avenue,
where the bomb was discovered by an employee on Monday.
Well, to the San Francisco Chronicle,
that's for the given district.
And maybe some of you folks
have spent a lot of time
in San Francisco cruising around.
Can't stand that place.
This individual appears to have acted alone,
said police spokesman Neville Gittens,
adding that Shouting had no connections
to any terrorist group,
anti-starbucks groups,
which have vandalized the coffee houses in the past.
I didn't know that.
Maybe I just forgot about it.
Why did they do that?
I don't know.
Is it kind of like a Walmart thing?
They're like, uh, anti-starbucks?
Well, Starbucks liberal.
Oh, I see.
Wow.
In that case,
Shouting was being held in San Francisco County,
Jail and Phil and E. Drug Charges,
expected to be charged in the bomb planning case.
A bomb of pachinia.
Only a few people would have died,
as opposed to nearly 400 now who have died in, uh,
and Mecca.
They're all singing dead gene pitney songs.
They're on the way out.
Mecca, I can't believe they don't have it.
I don't.
Let's not have been around.
Take it.
What a shame.
It was not.
The IRS is very soon to get a little pissed off about.
The IRS is frozen refunds for hundreds of thousands
of low-income taxpayers,
without telling them that they're being investigated
for tax fraud,
or giving them a chance to defend themselves,
the IRS taxpayer advocates said they're this week.
In a blistering report to Congress,
blistering.
One of my favorite words in a story like this,
in a blistering report,
taxpayer advocate Nina Olson said complaints about
unpaid tax refunds have served more than 400 percent since 2002.
66 percent of those who complain were intent
were full refund and investigation by her orifice found,
an additional 14 percent were determined to be eligible
for a partial refund.
The issue raises some serious questions about the protection
and taxpayer rights,
and might constitute a violation of due presses
of law Olson Charging Report.
More than three quarters of the returns investigated
were for low-income families who claimed
the earned income tax credit.
A program that provides tax refunds for the working poor,
delayed refunds cause a significant hardship
for these taxpayers.
Hmm, they report so.
I'm getting choked up just thinking about it.
The taxpayer advocate's office estimates up to 1.6 million
refunds have been frozen over the past five years.
Once the taxpayers refund is frozen,
the IARS will automatically freeze future refund claims
until the taxpayer files an undisclosed number
of legitimate returns the taxpayer,
and undisclosed number.
In other words, five years, 20, 100,
the taxpayer advocate report said.
The IRS doesn't even notify taxpayers
that returns having investigated for fraud
and even if taxpayers inquire about their refunds,
IARS employees are usually barred
from providing any information
until six months after the taxpayers inquiry.
Well, they got a lot of returns to a little around with, you know?
Right.
They got a lot of fish to fry.
Speaking of having a lot of fish to fry,
leave out the strife to the Strauss debuts.
iPod-ready jeans.
Oh, I always have to have your pod in your jeans.
Isn't that what they had in the clock reforms?
They had their pod piece?
iPod-y.
No, seriously, wasn't that a pod piece?
It was.
It was a padded jack strap.
I see.
Oh, there's nothing like that.
Just ask our sports nerds on QAM.
Oh my god, I bet your Robert Greeper would die
for a padded jack strap.
Sports?
Of course, I don't know what he would do with it.
Call it the 21st century watch pocket.
Denim Giant Levi's strife to the Strauss service
weakest design jeans compatible with the iPod music player,
featuring a joystick in the watch pocket to operate the device.
Oh my god, what are you doing there?
I'm dealing with my joystick.
The Levi's Redwire DLX jeans for men and women
who should be available this fall also
have the built-in docking cradle for iPod and retractable headphones.
Pricing wasn't really available.
Apple computer ain't iPod is the number one digital music player.
No kidding.
The company attributed a 60-15% jump in holiday quarter sales
to the iPod's popularity
said 42 million devices have been sold today.
Levi's is not the first company to feature iPod
firmly apparel, although maybe the first to make
iPod compatible jeans.
They got a slot where you stick it right in there
and they can manipulate your joystick.
Oh, here's that expression in.
Hope could sure fashion houses began featuring
pricey iPod carrying cases after the flexors 2001 launch.
While outdoor company Burton Snowboards
unveiled what it called the first iPod
compatible waterproof snowboarding jacket
in 2003.
Last fall LA based manufacturer Kenpo
launched men's jackets selling at Macy's
between $275 and $350 featuring iPod controls
on the sleeve.
There's what you all got to have, man.
Your iPod compatible gear, right?
No question.
As in Richard, don't forget that movie's coming this way.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.
I'm not like Joe.
He doesn't want to worry about it.
Joe, oh, I guess you're thinking.
And the little thing, the old DSBI.
The movie is not even allowed.
A magic dance, no nature.
No, still, I knew too.
A magic dance, no ways of.
Or more like bills of skill they give.
A magic dance, no topop.
How much was that slow?
You fed?
Yes, yes, yes.
Arjun, enough trouble.
In, eh?
This place should be fucked right now.
Don't worry about it, I do.
As well for the little buttons.
I'm not going to tell him that the answer is right.
I'm not going to tell him that the answer is right.
I'm not going to tell him that the answer is right.
I'm not going to tell him that the answer is right.
I'm not going to tell him that the answer is right.
I'm not going to tell him that the answer is right.
I'm not going to tell him that the answer is right.
I'm not going to tell him that the answer is right.
I'm not going to tell him that the answer is right.
I'm not going to tell him that the answer is right.
I'm not going to tell him that the answer is right.
Right, I need a leg of bloody hell in the head.
Let's get on with it.
I'm a row boy.
Let's go to the little FBI office.
Keep this out there.
Jane Edgar, who the chief's about to move over.
In his 50th dress.
You're fair.
Sweet down, he likes best for a day.
Like told, a no-no.
Well, it's a wicked time.
I'm on great to live together.
Well, I'd be trying to drag.
Justine, all the fads, not his night.
And how the hell, not the hell.
Hey, Rob.
And we're all going to get fussing out.
Just tell him a bit of old.
H.R. All the men.
Means for how, when they get rough.
H.R. All the men.
What's the job means why food's the most?
Bye, bye, bye!
