Oh!
Get a home in TV like SBCK and...
Don't take my blackberry
Don't take my blackberry
It means the world to me
I used to live in this beautiful day
I get my email everywhere I am
But now my fate is up to one good center
You won't be seen I'm gonna be in one hell of a jam
Don't take it away from me
Don't take it away
No, don't take my blackberry
You better give your damn hands off my blackberry
Baby, don't take my blackberry
Don't take my blackberry away
I'm riding to a tree
I use it, everything, the thing
You can jet my messages from the edge
You roll a pair to roll
You can sit in my car and compose with paul as a foe
You go online and order my kid from
Don't take it away from me
Don't take it away
No, don't take my blackberry
Don't touch it
Well, I'm playing games like break-breaker
I'm gonna play a solitaire
Night in my underwear
Baby, know all the folks
Could ever replace my blackberry
It's him and me, boy
I'm on it constantly
Don't take my blackberry
I'm calling my crackberry
I'm on it, everything
I'm hooked worse than a damn drug of me
Don't take it away from me
Don't take it away
I'm crying like the small baby
Don't take it away
No, don't take my blackberry
Boy, wow, look at this 1002
And now, what that was the story there?
Or is that all about?
Did we find out?
No, we wore it up in the other room for some reason
Whatever the story is, that's what happened
What do you mean by that?
That's the only thing that could have happened
We were playing the hell out of everything in here
And not here, and not here
So what do we have on here, just dead air?
Dead air
Well, don't look at us, look at the hang screw there in the morning
Okay, nice going shy and cope and everybody else
Yeah, it was a good deal
Excellent job, huh?
It was somebody else, not us
Well, okay, I'll tell you what, we'll leave our own couple of minutes to dead air
Starting now
Yeah
That was good
So, it was even when we were making those sounds, we were still wearing on ears, what you're saying?
That is correct
Well, that was nice, nice touch
Anyway, here's the poll from Friday
And by the way, we got a major announcement here at WQAM
Joy's Fitches, our new general manager at QAM
She's calling all the shots, programming, sales, engineering
Promotions, oh yeah, right
The janitorial
And janitorial is not going to be cleaning up
We're going to be cleaning up big, we're going to mop up the market with joy, which I would like to as a matter of fact
Just absolutely amazing astonishing
But nevertheless, we'll be right along
What movie should never have been remade? That was the poll on, I guess Friday, wasn't it?
Yes, it was
Yes, it was, and over the long weekend
Psycho 209, how many votes do we get?
Our 1943, what was the year after it was born? What a great year?
Right in the middle of WW2
And the remake was on just the other night and I guess what?
Yeah, the War of the World's 166, Pan of the Apes, POTA
148
Why isn't that idiot's groupies of that movie called POTA?
Never heard that
Oh yeah, oh no
You just don't read enough online crap, man, you've heard that
No, thank you up to that
Pink Panther, 130
Yeah, P.P. as they call it
Right, now let me just say this about, by the way, Larry King likes, and I have sex in the T.P. with his, anyway
Yeah, he likes to keep his, we're not
Ah, what is a Joyce
I think we're just going to start using the word Joyce to replace every word and every sound we can't make
Right
That's it, so go enjoy yourself
Pink Panther, I don't think it's even out yet, is it the Steve Martin thing?
No, no, there's still it, no, no
But don't waste your time, we've seen the previews, it's just, oh boy, you'll cry
The longest year at 127, Willie Wonka 99, Bad News, Veris 91, Roar Balls, even with a lovely Chris Klein, 71
Herbie Lovebugs 67, King Kong 51, The Blob 49
Guess who's coming to dinner 41 with Ashton Kuchiku, Ocean 1141
Miracle on 34th Street, 38, Miracle on 38th Street, 34
The producer is 36, Godzilla 34, Megchurian candidate and flight of the Phoenix each head
Fuck third man, Vanille Sky, cheaper by the dozen 28, Steppard Wives 26, but his a long, ponderous list
Amity Vihlhorin, Time Machine Mon, 25, you know why it was not good? Because the second the remake was not a good machine Mon
No, I had many of those at night with this weekend, although it could have been a lot worse, it was not too bad
Walking tall 24, Shaft 23, A Stuffer's Born 23, Dr. Doolittle 18, Dawn of the Dead 18
Like I said before, the Bird Cage and the Preake Friday in Alfie's had 17
I bet you Alfie's dead, they used to be on KAT with Mickey Dane Alfie
Well, what a loser he was, gone in 62nd 16, meet your blank 15 when a stranger calls 15
Don't see the remake, please, unless you want to be really pissed off
House of Wax and Mr. Deeds 14 and also Dracula 14
12 Angry Men 13, 13 Angry Men a dozen
Fun with the conchaine, 12 of the Postman always rings twice and the outer towners and Cape Fear each head a dozen
The fog 11
The Italian job 9, the vanishing 7, yeah 7 like I said, and heard the wind 6 to get away 4
I saw it on a precinct 13, 14, I saw it on a precinct 4 didn't have any
The hills have eyes 3, Father of the Bride 2 and Sea of Angels, Solomon De Woon only one
I don't know why, and I don't know
Didn't somebody call on Friday and say it really sucked? I think they did
Well, there you go
Well, I got a wild pile here today, let me just say on Friday I got a lot of things to say today
I'm going to get them all out because I'm really just fired up to a frenzy
First of all, Clarence, just leave us alone, okay? All I want is to get paid
That's all I want, leave us alone, we do 10 to 2, we're doing a fine job if you ask us
We're doing our sensational job, that's right
We have no ratings difficulties on the show, everything is roll on
Your sales problems deal with them, okay? Your emotional and bowel problems deal with them
Just give me paid on time, leave me alone, I'm not looking for any more half-hour seminars before the show
Which I thought I made very clear to Joe Bell last week, but evidently the message doesn't come through
So they only put him on one day and Thursday and Friday it's the squeak, Mr. Guilty will be back
A lot of hockey talk to blow the audience far away, you know, that's my keen and I'm like, I heard a little bit of that keen and thingy
But they sound like Mike was in a phone booth somewhere, sound like he was in a cave in Montana
Well, I think I was going to go through the room, I was phenomenal, very good
But anyway, don't start getting costing now, just like red code text tomorrow
And I read that crap you wrote on Friday, Greg, you're not fooling anybody about well, Neo Rodgers has this lead in a loyal fan
Secondally to Dave Barry, which rhymes with, you fair right
But nevertheless, I still say he doesn't do it with the sports talk show, therefore he won't be listening to none of the full
See, I got a good idea for you, Greg
And that is, since you're doing this championship sound, you're blogging and you're holding a hero tomorrow
Between let's see, it's Hank and Mad Dog and whatever, La Bastard and Joe Rose
I got a good idea to do it fairly, let's do it fair, because you're obviously trying to stack the deck
Put for the best talk show host, put only the 790 people
And then for the worst put only the QM fire, so that would be a fair way to do it
So that's what inspired me to do our poll today
We're going to start doing a lot more polls where you don't really have much choice
Where the outcome is already decided ahead of time
For example, today's poll, who is the biggest A-hole in South Florida print media
320 votes, that La Bastard 231, Greg Cotex 89, that's it, there are no other choices
Not that I'm stacking the deck you understand
I don't think there's anybody in there lead, you?
Nope, nobody has any consequence
So there you go, and that La Bastard just beaten the crap out of you, Greg, I'd be really upset about that
236 votes
So that's the poll today and it is what it is
WNQYM, hello
Hello
Yes sir
My cat is a big fan of your show
Yeah
And in?
No, I just wanted to let you know
He lives in South Florida
When was that supposed to be cute?
Yeah, I'm starting to start laughing now
Yeah, oh, I put him in my shoes, I guess what?
I think I'd like a walk in even like follow him right in there would be
But I'll press the button, have no fear
I'll come down special for that
His cat is a big fan, he's a...
Fry it
No, it's Chinese New Year, I'd fry that baby
Yeah, but it's the year of the dog
Oh, listen, well you have a little bit of that too, miss a match
Oh my God, I love that kitty wonton
Have you ever seen her run like what's my line?
Yeah, she's full sister to Kitty Carlisle
Wounded ABC crew hospitalized in Germany
Oi
ABC News anchor Bob Woodruff, which I never liked him anyway
And his camera and stuff are very significant injuries but are in stable condition today
After they were wounded by a roadside bomb and a bomb attack on them
Everything is fine over there by the way
Everything is hunky-dory
Oh, where for?
I keep it for what say it's oaky-doky
Look, roughly 44-year-old co-anchor of world news tonight who looks about his pasty
Looks even pastier than you do, you know?
When you think of guys on TV they can put some makeup on him
I probably looks pastier now too
And cameraman Doug Holt, 46, arrived in Germany this morning to receive treatment for wounds they suffered
Sunday near Tajir, Iraq about 20 miles north of Baghdad
Colonel Brian Gamble of Lansstool Regional Medical Center said he couldn't give details on the injuries to doctors
Consolid with their families
Lansstool is the largest US military hospital outside the US
There were both injured in serious but stable condition after both of the state head injuries
Woodruff also suffered sharp injuries to his body and vote has a broken shoulder
Other than that they're doing just all we're fine
That's fine
But all the other innocent people we are basically not too much
That are not only head injuries but also walking around no more
Dead is the door now
For being snuffed out
Now that's true, I mean when we get to 3000 then the public is gonna wake up and say
Ah-ha!
That's right, no, nothing ever
No, they won
I think we're gonna do the break because I got a huge, huge, huge pile today
It's probably just as well
In fact I think that guys can't really enjoy a lot of the bedtime stories
I'm gonna litter the airwaves with them just cause they're okay
Probably the guys house stinks like crazy too
Like I said about all people that have cats right
They're in denial
You're in denial, let's face it
But if you have a litter box, man
In fact I wouldn't be surprised if those adults probably also have like a poopy box for the kids in a house
Well it's not to think about how stupid it is, you know
It is
I mean if you want to have your cat do its business inside the house then potty train to the end thing
No, no, there are
If it would happen to fall down
You know a quick flush is always a good idea
I heard that if a cat falls into water in the potty
Then it gives that flush look in its face
Yeah
Yeah, when did that flush that thing down?
Get rid of it, nasty, obnoxious, useless, garbage
From it it's after 10 and 560 WQM where I apologize for the sloppy, well we don't really know what was on here
Cause we couldn't, I guess
That's nothing
The sound of silence, man
Oh, so in other words we had Denny all that time?
Sure
He keeps people on their toes
It's a new programming angle
You know like you heard me tell our illustrious program director Mr. Overriss head about an hour ago
If he would spend as much time working about taking care of business as he does trying to like terrorize me and aggravating and agitating
We would like be actually doing something
I'm kind of like a professional level
But we don't, we're not worried about that yet
Maybe one of these days will work in the day
Think, take it slow
Yeah, we aren't professional grade
Amen
1013, hey this is all Joyce radio so Joyce yourself
If you're in a dead end job under paid if your new year's resolution is a high-paying career then you better act right now
Pick up the phone and call fast train until free at 1-866 fast train
Fast train will get you a train ready for a new high-paying career in just a few short months
That's correct
I'm paying yourself a new high-paying career in just a few months what's not to like?
And don't forget to demand for medical coding specialists and computer professionals right now is at all time high
Fast train offers convenient day evening and weekend classes
Job placement assistance and financial aid for people who qualify too
So pick up that phone right now say goodbye to your dead end job and your meaningless life
Get yourself a real career and a big fat paycheck that goes along with it
Because that's what everybody's working for is that paycheck on payday or close to it
Call fast train 866 fast train it placed over 100 people just like you in 2005
Check fast train on the web at fast train.com but act now because
Classes are filling up fast on miss that train of opportunity this year make your new year's resolution
To get a life a reality this year by making one easy call
1-866 fast train and be sure and tell them that old Todd direct-toded call
This is Neil Roger
This is 516 Q-A-B
Take off those checkered pants
I think the last time
It's my ride
I ride as no birthday
I've come back when it's well along the way
It's for kids this way
I just got a sneak preview of red coat test is pulled from next week from the hero from a spy little spy report
Next week is pull is going to be what's your all-time favorite South Florida radio station
And he's only going to list 790 to ticket
There you go
Yeah
Blair and secret plot with Bush to dop you in
A White House leak revealing astonishing details of how Tony Blair and George Bush lied about the Iraq war
Is set to cause a worldwide political storm
Oh my god
A new book exposes how the two men can I to dop the you in
And blows the lid off Mr. Blair's claim that it was restraining influence on Mr. Bush
He was a restraining influence right he was holding back
He offered his total support for the war
A secret White House summit as Mr. Bush displayed his contempt for the you in
Made a series of wild threats against Saddam Hussein and showed a devastating ignorance about the catastrophic aftermath of the war
Although things are going very well over there now
Oh, we're fine
Based on access to information at the highest level the book by leading British human rights lawyer Philip Sands, professor of law at London University
Demonstrates how the two men decided to go to war regardless of whether they obtained you in backing or not
The revelations make a nonsense of Mr. Blair's claim that the final decision was not made until MPs voted in the comments 24 hours before the war
And could we find the risk of being charged with war crimes or impeached by parliament itself
And hopefully that could like spill right across the sea wouldn't that be wonderful
Sure
Let's have an impeachment year in 2006
Oh by the way, I just got my license renewed in the mail for six more years
All right
Got my renewal sticker for the back of my license
They have no idea whether I'm deaf dumb blind a quadruple amputee but nevertheless nice going Florida baby did it come with a ratings diary?
Yes
And a big picture a naked picture of Jeb Bush
All right
And boy you talk about a fat ass
The book also makes serious allegations concerning the conduct of foreign secretary Jack straw
In other words, this could be the last straw
Lord Chancellor Lord Thoppener and Attorney General Lord Goldsmith of Goldsmith Legal Dress to the war
This is by the mail on Sunday yesterday. That's why it has like a British tank to it
And it led to the British government boasted that this grace newspaper Tycoon Conrad Black was being used by Mr. Bush's allies in America
As the channel for pro-war propaganda in the UK by his daily telegraph newspaper
The leaks are contained in a new version of Sam's book Lawless World first published last year
When it emerged that Lord Goldsmith had told Mr. Blair the work would be unlawful before a last minute you turn
The new edition will be published by Penguin this Thursday's like because a fierce new controversy on both sides of the Atlantic
It follows recent charges against two British mental the official secret act after a transcript of another conversation between Mr. Bush and Blair
And which the president raised the possibility of bombing the Elge Zero Arab TV station was leaked by Whitehall official
And you're like that what's all this cock out of your sitting?
And following your dog around with a plastic bag to pick up it well I never followed my dog or plastic bags
Those of us who have yards we let the dog know
Those of us who have yard in fence yards we let our dogs out
They did it if frolic the loosely and freely and did the business in our own yard
And they post this stuff in the marble so they could drop a load on somebody else's yard
Or on the sidewalk there so you can step in some mooshie pile
Okay, you want to play that game owning a dog in the department you know
You never got the cat people tried like night dogs you know if you don't love dogs as far as I'm concerned
That's my comment to you. By the way Joyce that was a raspberry with raspberry with seeds
Right. Oh yeah, I can spit them out right now
Let's see I was gonna move back. Oh look at that all kinds of words on this fact that we can't use
That's not even funny. Why did you waste your time sending me that one?
Oh, you know just wanted from somebody in Dallas
Let's see here's another one from somebody whose name I can't read bad penmanship
Does that say Roy Ray?
Thought you might find it interesting. I got a copy of Dolphin Digest sent to me by the Dolphins
Inside an article by Hank Goldberg and a half a page inside the Dolphins by my dog
But now one word written by Jimmy Cifalus or Joe Rose the voices of the Dolphin
Anybody care about that? Well I'll tell you people must really be bored of tears
That's that's what your life is all about
Bition about Dolphin Digest you better not be picking on my buddy Jimmy Cifalus
You're fairy. It's wrong with you. How's that pull coming out?
I'm sure the audience is on the edge of their seats about the outcome of this.
Do you have the 56 votes?
Who's the biggest A-hole in South Florida print media?
Dan LaBaster 255 and Greg Cotex 101 not even a contest.
You're safe Greg. We finally sound fancy made they hate you worse than you.
Well most of them don't even know who Greg Cotex is.
And can you blame him? No. Who?
Bush aid passed sensitive information to Abraham Offline.
I just got a great pile of stuff today.
Dan I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be doing that all day just like Clarence was doing this morning again.
Again, in there again.
So you're supposed to say when they come in here to do the eavesdropping
Oh, Clarence just walked in here.
Okay. Eavesdropping on your private conversation.
Oh, it just just walked in here. Eavesdropping on another private conversation.
I'll fire down the air.
If that's probably why they didn't have the pot up when we tried to come on the air at 10 o'clock,
they probably headed in queue monitoring.
That's a good point.
I don't know what you're laughing about.
That's always on my mind.
But we got nothing to hide. Anything else to say about anybody else that would be more than happy to say right to their face.
For example, whoever gave Jeff High my email address,
I will come down there personally and kill that person.
Okay.
There are people on death row for much less egregious offenses than giving Jeff High my email address.
We don't do copy by email. Okay.
Fat boy.
Has anybody there knows?
He sends it to me. I printed it up. I'll text it to you.
There you go.
But now I guess he wants to let me know for sure that he's got to take my email address.
Lose it.
Lose it.
Fast.
And as soon as I thought about that over the weekend,
I came back last night and man, I immediately changed every password, every like,
oh, every nook and cranny. There's Ted Kennedy.
Maybe I heard it may not be, but there you go.
He is foaming at the mouth pissed off.
They're having a photo mother to continue the elated debate and but a meat better but a bit of up and closure and closure and closure and closure yet.
Ted by the way, he's looking pretty good lately, but he lost about what?
400 pounds.
It's all the chowda.
Nice looking better.
He's in specialist legal strategist net to prepare a battle plan.
A battle plan.
To ensure any vacancies were filled by like-minded jurors.
Well, so they have a plan conservative have a plan.
They know what the thinking is of this of the nominee.
It continues.
The team recruited conservative lawyers to study the records of 18 potential.
Enominees including Roberts and the lead owned trained more than three dozen lawyers to respond to news reports on presidential eventual pick.
So we're going to evidently have this group or the conservatives are going to make the pick and then it's got it's deceded around the country where dozens of lawyers are going to call on in the news reports when they have the president.
We've been in your country.
Oh, see it's chapter off right in the middle.
That's how they do it.
And look who it is.
It's the first time you see the brown.
Yeah.
Russian ball as a wife is a chaffin' them off there and certainly not news network.
I've actually MSNBC still got them on there talking.
Let's see.
Now they've been talking about that.
They got some goofball on there.
But it was like inside those doors.
Oh, and Ron they're talking about in Ron.
Here we got the deciding on the future of the whole world there in the Supreme Court and they're talking to Chanuk about in Ron.
What channel C span of this thing?
You're asking me.
Hey, you're the cable expert, Mr. Year to one with all contacts.
And they got it on.
Yes.
Not to insult publicly until the confirmation vote began.
He said, there it is.
They can hardly wait.
Although I was surprised.
I mean, this is being my 23rd Supreme Court nominee that we had the nominee up here in the capital last week going around and thanking people for their support receiving.
Congratulations, prior to the time that we voted on them.
Less than a week on the floor of the United States Senate.
Less than a week.
25 senators, Marcyte is spoken.
Only half of our caucus has spoken.
Had a chance to speak.
But not now.
They won't if we cut off.
They haven't had a chance to talk.
But there are told now the team has been told not to exalt publicly till the confirmation vote was cast.
Then we'll pop the campaigns.
We pulled one over on you.
What one over on you?
And they could continue.
So Mr. President.
Okay, this is now kind of hooked up to a friend.
He might like to lapse that right there in the middle of the Senate.
Oh, wow.
Shocking.
Now what is the public concerned about?
Freaking American Idol and the Kiti leader.
That's what America is worried about.
Now, chaos in Mayhem.
We got illegal polls being taken in the Miami hero.
No other name of Greg Cotes.
We got George running this radio station right into the ground.
We got their parents running around.
Pat, pat, pat, pat, pat, pat, pat, pat, pat, pat, you know, goes to show you.
Don't ever make a hasty judgment, you know.
Blahbo, glass cider was right by the way.
You were right, blahbo.
Don't make those hasty judgments about anybody.
It's like, how many times over the years that I've been under here have I gone to a new doctor.
And come back.
Oh, this guy is really great.
And I finally thought a good doctor and then about a week later I'm thinking.
This guy is a butcher.
You know, he's a crazy person.
He's like so over-medicated. He's like wandering around like I run and around and spinning in circles like a dreidel.
Which I did have one like that name on mentioned of course.
28 past 10 a.k.u. and we got goal for where Mo used to be in the 2-to-4 revolving slot.
This is Neil Roger. Oh my god. This is 5.16.2.8.
One's in a generation. A movie comes along that changes the way we look and think about film.
Broadback Mountain is that film. Here's what people in New York City are saying about Broadback Mountain.
Broadback Mountain I love that movie. It's one of my favorites.
Literally I cry the entire time and he pledged his performance. It was amazing. I love that movie.
Here's what people in Arkansas are saying about Broadback Mountain.
I mean you see that flick? I mean I don't know. I saw two guys and then the two guys.
Unfortunately here's head just exploded. Here's what people in Los Angeles are saying about Broadback Mountain.
Oh my god. It makes my heart just feel so.
Beautiful off-steer. I mean really. How can you ask for anything more? It's the way to.
Yes. Fabulous. Fantastic.
Here's what people in Utah are saying about Broadback Mountain.
I thought I was going to see a cowboy movie and then all of a sudden in a pub can they just went.
Unfortunately his head just exploded. This winter one movie is breaking botanical records and connecting with the heart and soul of America.
Broadback Mountain has one virtually every major critics group award for best picture.
Here's what people in San Francisco are saying about Broadback Mountain.
It's the Egypt. It's here in simple meagic. It felt the movie in my soul in my heart.
Here's what people in Alabama are saying about Broadback Mountain.
My god. This is a couple of knee guys in it.
Unfortunately his head just exploded. Broadback Mountain. Not for everyone.
Especially if you live in a square state.
And certainly not for the SAG. They had the wrong letter there I guess.
If the F.A.G. Awards last night they might have done it cleaned up.
Yeah. Screen actors building up shut up. Well we'll get to that story eventually in the later on.
I was thinking about some more of these polls. Similar in the one that they were doing.
We could do one like maybe next week.
What's the worst newspaper of all time? Just have the Miami Herald listed.
Right. The worst rag imitation of the newspaper. Just have the hair on there or maybe like underneath.
We could put L-Herald. L-Nuebo Herald. What if it's easy?
Yeah. A Bush administration official gave sensitive inside information to this.
Grace lobby is Jack Abramov warning him the government was about to suspend the federal contracts to one of his clients.
Client newly filed court paper paper say.
That says one of his clients client David Saphabian,
a former top procurement officer provided sensitive and confidential information about four subsidiaries of TICO International
to Abramov regarding internal deliberations at the GSA say the court papers filed Friday in a criminal case against Saphabian.
Abramov's pretty good. We know that the White House is refusing to release photos. We know that.
Acting on the information that Abramov provided the company in November 2003, TICO lawyer Timothy Flanagan,
a former assistant attorney general in the Bush administration contacted the general counsel of the GSA
and asked for an opportunity to address this suspension.
The company revealed Flanagan's role in the statement.
In October Flanagan, which drew his nomination to be Bush's deputy attorney general,
his confirmation with the lay due to question about his dealings with Abramov when Abramov was a TICO lobbyist.
The government had planned to suspend TICO because of alleged criminal conduct by former TICO executives.
After advising Abramov about the internal deliberations at GSA,
Saphabian suggested to Abramov that arguments TICO should make when it appeal the suspension decision the court papers and Saphabian's federal, or the Audi Audi Audi.
Once tipped off, Abramov TICO hired an outside law firm and successfully petitioned the government to lift the suspension
and let TICO continue to perform a government contract.
It's just unbelievable. The corruption in the murder and bloodshed that's going on.
And the public uses it in La La Land and we got Joyce hanging over our head like an albatross.
Remember Harry Harvey standing to answer an albatross? No, but you do.
We got this big albatross hanging on like a noose over our next Joyce.
Just absolutely pathetic. So anyway, they can change the figureheads and all of them.
They can move the pieces of the chest puzzle around. The fact that it matters is that the beesleaves that are one's calling the shots.
Now that's why we are like a pirate station.
Remember what I said a couple of weeks ago? We can't not pirate radio anymore, but basically we're part of it.
Operating without a license.
381 votes now. You and I both thought that this poll today was hysterical, a real panic, because it's obviously a purpose poll.
Even Josh might find it amusing, I don't know.
It's good. There you go.
But because they can't add to it, because of the fact it's not like 17 choices, it doesn't mention George Boish.
They're not going to have any of those.
Well, we only got two choices on there. We don't even know who they are. That's okay. Vote for one of them.
Just click it. In fact, no matter which one you vote, here's the good news for. No matter which one you vote for, you won't be voting for the wrong one.
It's a fabulous poll. You can't make a mistake on this poll.
Who is the biggest A-hole in South Florida print media? 384 votes. That's pretty weak. I put it up there last night about, I don't know, eight, nine o'clock.
We should be well on our way to a thousand, but we won't.
Dan LeBass, you're 272 in Greco, text 112. That's not the kind of poll we want. We want a bunch of choices.
Well, too bad. Speaking of polls, most thing Boish is failing second term.
All right.
A majority of Americans are more likely to vote for a candidate in November's congressional election, who opposes President Boish,
and 58% consider a second term a failure so far going to a poll released on Thursday, 58%.
Fewer people consider Boish to be honest and trustworthy now than did a year ago, and 52% said they believe his administration deliberately misled the public about Iraq's purported weapons program.
How do you like that? 58% say his failing is second term. I just mentioned that in passing. That's still a sorry number.
Climate experts says NASA tried to silence them. Oh, yeah, it ought to be 98%. If you dealing with smart people, but there was one article we hit on there a couple days ago,
and that is that the American people, most of them are just as dumb or dumb or than he is, and just keep saying that to yourself.
Boy, hey, look, a dumb guy, because they can relate to him. He talks to you, just like they do.
Hey, literally, he, that's it. Now you're talking just like Joyce and Abisley is over there picking a banjo. They're picking it.
That's what, that's the report I got. They spend a lot of time over there and equals picking it.
See? Yeah. In fact, I take it one thing, Joyce. Don't be picking up too many of them, see? It's because then it caused a chronic farting.
Oh, yeah, that's what it leads to. They're leaving it there. That gas just kind of like slips right out.
The top-time at scientists at NASA says the Bush administration has tried to stop him from speaking out since he gave a lecture last month calling for proper reductions in emissions of greenhouse gases linked to global warming.
I mean, we're talking fascism big time, baby. We're talking about Nazis, goose stepping. Just like I said years ago, and people said all what at Neo is just way over the top. Yeah, right.
Pretty soon the American flagged the stars and stripes of you replaced by a big swastika.
The scientists, James E. Hanson, long time direct to the agency's Goddard Institute for Space Studies said in an interview that officials at NASA headquarters had ordered the public affairs staff to review his coming lectures, papers, postings on the Goddard's website and requests for interviews from journalists, journalists like Greg Cotex and Dan LeBanston.
Dr. Hanson said he would ignore the restrictions. They feel their job is to be the sensor of information to the public he said.
Dean Acosta, as a matter of fact, you know something? No, I don't know. I'm going to interject something in here. And I don't want to read all these longer on our website.
It's a little ponderous. But if I can just enter interject something right there, I think to say this business is censorship, I think that the beesleaves and Joyce, if they're going to like us start playing bush boss again with this show or with anybody else, make a list. Okay, give us some specifics. What can we do? What can we say? Hello? Huh?
Can we say goodbye? Can we say how you doing? No, give us a list and be specific. It's that this guessing game and one thing. It's one thing and there's they have something else. And but I mean, and of course the problem is that their chronic succession of mistakes.
They're the ones that put us in a position where we can't do a damn thing anymore. You follow what I'm saying? No, there was we have to pay the price for other people.
We got to pay the price for Stern. We got to pay the price for for all we got to pay the price for other people who don't know where to draw the line. Things like that. Listen, if you ask for all the questions, what is it? If you ask for a list, she'll send back the dictionary. Yeah, there you go. Well, Joyce, you Joyce probably got a real snotty smelly Joyce anyway. Sure.
Dean of cost, the deputy assistant administrator for public affairs at the space agency said there was no effort to silence Dr. Hanson. That's not the way we operate here at NASA.
So Mr. Acosta, we promote openness and speak with the facts. Dr. Hanson strongly disagreed with this characterization saying such procedures that already prevented the public from fully grasping recent findings about climate change that point to risks ahead.
Communicating to the public seems to be essentially said because public concern is probably the only thing capable of overcoming the special interest that have obfuscated the topic.
Opus gave to the topic when it out, Shmere, the old Shmere and Shmere routine just covered up and if anybody says anything about supposed to, Shmere,
anybody remember Paul O'Neill? Who? Remember Richard Clark, any of these people? Yeah, Paul O'Neill, once you remember, they claimed all he, he used a classified documents in that book. He has, we made, I have to put him an electric here. Yeah. And then all of a sudden, we never heard another word from him.
Shmere and Shmere, the old Swiftboat routine again, his tent's still speaking or what? Because he and his busy showing a crap. Let me check.
Yeah, we take a few. The concern for what is going to happen to their parents, to their loved ones. That's not whether we're going to.
Maybe he's already starting the old Philly Buster. Let's hope because I asked the beast this morning where you're going to Detroit. He said, I'm going to Philly Buster.
It's 56 to 34 as if there was any doubt about that. 56 to 34 what? The confirmation vote is, you know, well, that leaves a little short. Yeah, it leaves just 10 short. Still short. Yes, I am. Yeah, well, that's because all the Republicans are going to vote for and the rest of it is all this window dressing in your face. All your freedom is goodbye. Bye-bye.
Once you've landed that rich geezer, it's not all fun games and trips to the jewelry store. If you don't keep in shape and are able to please the you know what? He'll trade you in for a younger thinner model.
Have you been putting on a little weight, honey? Do you what I mean? Don't let this happen to you. Get your subscription to TrophyWife magazine today.
Each month, TrophyWife has chips on weight management through selective digestion, more commonly known as Valenia. In most cases, the grandchildren of your silver fox are not too pleased with Daddy sharing his heart and fortune with the new missus.
Hey, Ellen. Hi, Brad. You looked great in the pool today. I found this article on learning to click, dive, and Mexico and you'd be great at it. Thanks.
TrophyWife magazine has all the tips on how to encourage the offspring of your Mr. Right to pursue sports that can result in a horrific accident. You know what I mean?
From enduring those long sessions in the bedroom after he's gotten the shipment of Viagra to where you'll find your next Mr. Moneybags is all year in TrophyWife magazine. On New Stands Now.
1046-560. I started giving you that schedule and of course I stopped. Both were at the most lot of two.
Mad Dog and Hooters are around 4 to 630. It's 630. It's Panthers, Peebue and Angelde and Silly S. Red Deer Randy bringing the Panthers and E. Toronto Maple Leafs.
Police have lost eight straight games that are going for number 9 tonight. I'll go Brian McCabe's back for a help. No. Panthers and Elisa at 7 o'clock tonight followed by the edictatio.
We don't have Dan LeVax or we don't have Greg Cotex and we don't have those two gods but we're doing the best we can.
Speaking of that story that I just got done about the guy that they are muscling. Shut up. The threat posed by climate change may be greater than previously thought and global warming is advancing in unsustainable rate.
Oh my God. A report by scientists to publish to they says. It's just hot and so hot it's burning my fingers.
As a matter of fact, let's how about that Toronto weather report? It's captivating radio. Let's take a look and see what the temperature is here.
It's going to be 45 to 46 this afternoon. It's already a 43 and going to be 46 kind of hazy and blazy and not too bad. It's only the 30th of January. What is it?
About 30 men and there's no snow in its 46 but don't they know no such thing as global warming.
The UK government commission report co-colleights evidence presented at a meteorological office conference on climate change last year.
It says scientists now have greater clarity and reduced uncertainty about the impacts of climate change.
It is now planned that the emission of greenhouse gases associated with industrialization and economic growth in the world population.
It's agreed six fold in 200 years is causing global warming at a rate that is unsustainable. Let me say it again. It is unsustainable.
Over the next century global warming has expected to raise ocean levels intensified storms spread disease to new areas and ship climate zones possibly making farmlands, dry and deserts wetter.
How do you like that? Give me like going swimming in the middle of the desert in Vegas. It's about time. Yes, there you go. I think it's time for all the kids to mass suicide. Get the cool A baby.
So you find out who gave my email address to fat boy yet? I will kill that person. I will as soon as I find out who it was.
I will come there personally and I'll murder. And by the way, Greg Coetext also handclothed the message before we left for Detroit. That's why we had no cross over the head of bail out real quick for Detroit.
And probably took the producers too. That's why we didn't get the get on the air.
What's the better?
Greg Coetext has seen anywhere near the QM building. He will have both of his legs broken and maybe if we're in a really bad mood on that day, he will be shot.
How do you like that? Well, that's where we're like playing bush boss or anything like that. But we just a little peeled with his BS. You're not fooling anybody, Greg.
But obviously a blood. Yeah. You are a blog. You're a blog on the human race.
Next comment today briefly took over at European Union or Fist of protest a Danish newspaper's publication of cartoons deemed insulting Wyslabs' profit well-hammed.
The latest in a wave of violent denunciations of the caricatures across the Islamic world. The government demanded an apology from Denmark in Norway and said citizens of the two countries would be prevented from entering the Gaza Strip.
Well, who now wants to go to the Gaza Strip anyway? You want to go there? Oh, no, thank you. George, no, you want to go to the Gaza Strip joint.
Oh, they do have some of those belly dancers though, yeah? Do they? We're calling on the citizens of the two countries to take this directly because our cells already implement this all over Gaza, one militant said, or as they would say here, Gaza.
Ever drive a Mazda? Yeah. The 12 drawings published in September by the Danish newspaper or whatever this is and repulsing a Norwegian paper this month included an image of the profit wearing a turban shape as a bomb with a burning fuse. How do you like that?
When a bomb a grand day is not a tradition bars any depiction of the profit even respectful ones out of concern that such images could lead to idolatry. The cartoons have touched off protest flag burnings and boycotts of Danish products throughout the Muslim world. Although you like a nice Danish early in the morning on Sunday.
They've housed in protesters burned Danish flags into West Bank town and also you damn Danish. I mean, I'm going to tell you when you start getting pissed off of the veins, you really need some serious help. Crazy people is what we're talking about. All this religious garbage man, the Orthodox Jews, they're crazy. The Muslims, all the fanatic, they're crazy. The William, most of them are crazy. All the religious man, the God squad, it's all they're all nuts.
Mormons, your hovers, witnesses, the Scientologists, oh, like that. Like it started there. Right. By the way, you ferry. Speaking of that, good leading. Look at that. Look at that.
How many people are looking at the paper right now? Please, he's not some person. He's not independent and this procedure is absolutely wrong. Do you see that? No. You didn't see the guy with a smart and it looks like comedy.
I was like, oh, my God, that was the best. I have never seen anything like that in my life. A schmuff ahead, but I was had to do a one of Saddam's buddies snappy dresses.
Attorney says more victims of preschool surface. Remember we had the priest story father, do you? On the Friday. Well, here's a little follow up to it from the Miami hero, the worst newspaper in history.
A lawyer who represents a man, allegedly, sexually abused by Catholic priest as additional victims will step forward next month.
Father Neil, do you with slip something into his victimist drinks to make them sleepy? Had like that old Jesus, do you, sir?
Maybe that's where Michael Jackson learned about that from father Neil. That's then when they were unconscious, the Catholic priest would assault them according to documents released on Friday.
The Archdiocese of Miami was aware of the priest's history, but instead of removing him, it moved him around. Oh, there's that old again, that old like chessboard deal.
To different parishes or Catholic agencies, according to Attorney Jeffrey Herman, who filed a $25 million lawsuit on behalf of a Marguerite man, preparing lawsuits for other victims who he says were also victims of the reverendial Doherty.
Herman represents five men who claimed Doherty molested them while there was a priest. Doherty 62 now retired was denied Bon Friday. A day after BSO deputies charged him with two cons of sexual battery on a child, two cons of indecent assault and one kind of ludicrous molestation. He remained in the Brown County GLA Friday.
The charges stem from a BS investigation were detectives on four victims, three boys and one adult male who all told similar stories about their ass salts.
At a press conference on Friday, Herman distributed documents from 79 to 92 that he says he suggests the Archdiocese knew about the abuse, but they had nothing about it.
The Archdiocese knowledge of pranked accusations against Doherty's surface in 2003 and a memorandum by the BSO and which says sex crimes prosecutor, this goes to 94 cent of them over the student had been enrolled in Shamanada High School in Hollywood decades earlier, that case resulted in a $50,000 settlement.
I can't speak for a lot of the systems were made said Archdiocese spoke for women in Shil, Mary Rossa, Gosta. Doherty had certain self-floored apparitions for three decades. He's the first Catholic priest in the Archdiocese to be charged with sexual battery on a child under the age of 12.
The Archdiocese would respond to the civil suits one they were filed once they filed the shil said.
The Archdiocese turns all matters of the state of attorneys office so they're going to be like really hitting you up when you go to church this weekend.
In fact, isn't the ass Wednesday count up real soon? I reckon. What day is ass Wednesday is it this Wednesday? I'll have to look it up.
I think it might be this Wednesday ass Wednesday, I'm the wrong month is in March 1. It's either February 1 or I don't know the Lousy Catholic.
Well, you better get with it and learn your ass Wednesday, mister. That's where everybody gets some action on ass Wednesday.
Four males say they were abused by Doherty have come forward since the Catholic Church of St. Augustine, a scandal, wrapped in Boston 2002.
Well, that's just a repeat of fright. And anyway, there's going to be more Christ of Fry, so to speak. So get that damn fish off the back of your car.
I thought that the fish with your Catholic thing then comes to find out the one of your Christians use that fish is a symbol of the car.
What's that all about? It's a Christian thing. Catholic.
We're just all Christian. I'll go in. It's just a goiish thing. I wish you had seen this guy on CNN before you would have peed in your pants.
You would have just laughed your ass out. It was like a comedy routine. Like this silly looking guy with his big schmata on it didn't fit right.
He looked it was like a, I don't know. I was monitoring daddy. Oh, what's he got to say? Is he still talking?
No, it's changed CNN. Wait. He was going to do what's right play by the rules. It takes some time to understand how this nominee is going to affect their life and their well-being in terms of.
And by the way, Ash Wednesday is much faster.
Oh, much for us. I know it was the first of something. So you still there's a reprieve for you. Okay. And I can no ass asses until the next.
People don't still really do that. Okay. Put the ass back. They really do what? What kind of people do that crazy people exactly? I see.
And what is that supposed to symbolize the ashes on your forehead that they're better than you? Well, I think that's a given isn't it? Right.
I mean, everyone have all the beads and all and such. I got a lot of it. That's what it all means. I got snappy your head. You had naked. I don't remember always.
Because I used to wear it and I wear any abortion. I got to know I did take the one with the propeller though. Oh, man. I got some snappy head gear, baby. No question.
Army to investigate gay porn allegations. Oh boy. I got such a pile of day man. It's a good thing to because we don't have a pool. They can anything to.
So all we got is a guy that's got a cat who likes to show WQ I am. Hello. Let's see if we can beat the first one, but I doubt it. Q I am.
I got some luggage for my 15 Q Diane for 25 chambers.
That was good. One it. Lovely. What was that? It could actually have been a wrong number. But I think that's what I'm thinking. But he gave it a dresser. That's why I dumped. Yeah.
Well, we had a lady call on Friday. It was a wrong number, but it led to start. You know, and then you tried to make make nice to them. And then maybe you make a strike up a conversation.
And you actually turn into a real call W Q I am. Hello. Q I am. I like you. I beg your pardon. I like you.
I'm just crank off in there, Roger. Okay. Nice one. This is Neil Roger. This is 5.69. This is the Neil Roger show. This is your brain. Any questions? In all of the jungle. No creature is as curious as true.
What do you think of me? If there's a lap, he's up for it. If there's trouble, he's behind it. Those weapons and mass destruction got to be somewhere.
And if there's a chance for adventure, we do not condone torture. He's into it. I have never ordered torture. This February, get ready. Of course it's serious, multi-visual.
You know, some people say to me, well, he's just breaking the law. If I wanted to break the law, why was that brief in Congress? Curious? I haven't seen it. I haven't seen the movie. I heard about it.
It's 11 o'clock, man. A real moron if there ever was one and it's scary because you know, you're ordinary pedestrian moron. I think that dangerous, but this is a dangerous idea. A dangerous moron.
Why don't you like that I. E. D. Oh, yeah, amazing how they come up with like, yeah, like W. M. D. There you go. We can, you can't find no W. M. D.s. But we got a lot of I. E. D.s. And least what's his name found them?
There's one now. 444. Look at that. It's a nice number on that pool. Who's the biggest A hole in South Florida? Print South Florida print media. Dan La Bastion 314. The Greg Kotex has got 100.
340. Not even close almost triple. He's got your number. Greg. He's got to beat hands down your pants. Army officials are investigating allegations that members of these celebrated 82nd Airborne Division appear on a gay pornography website. He spoke from it said Friday. Speak in a hands down your pants.
Authorities have fought back and began inquiring whether the paratroopers actions violated the military conduct code. Division spokeswoman major army. Amy. Amy Hannah declined to say how many paratroopers are involved or identified there unit within the division. A defense official speaking of course on condition of anonymity set up to seven soldiers are involved.
Hannah said soldiers question will be allowed to seek legal assistance but she declined to say if any of them charged once the investigation to plate the child chain command will take appropriate action she said.
The website includes a disclaimer asking users to agree that they're not agents of the US government. Martha Rudd and army spokesman of the Pentagon said soldiers accused of homosexual activity might be removed from their unit although she'd not have specific information about the investigation of the 82nd.
When asked if the soldiers involved have been moved out of verisheed to climb a comment. We are concerned about the privacy and rights of each trooper involved in that they're treated with dignity and respect. Hannah said before we throw their ass out. Faggot. Major Todd Vicki and a defense department spokesman Washington said the military don't ask don't tell policy states that homosexual orientation alone is not a bar to service but that conducts incompatible with military service. We define homosexual conduct as homosexual acts or verbal or nonverbal communication that a member is homosexual.
I see they appear on a gay pornography website. Of course it all depends on what they're doing like what's nonverbal communication and it depends on the life sergeants or privates. So if you walk really switching with the other private sense of I like no doubt.
If you walk swishy you're out. We have that real bad shortage of troops now. It's bad from morale. Speaking of bad from morale and all that gay stuff. The fact a screen actor's guilt. S.A.G. Another one that's the confused the filmmakers guilt. Right the fag awards.
With this bullet crash when top sag honors so many awards shows and so little time you got the people's choice award and the screen actors guild award and the golden globes and the big oozing globes and then you got the Peter Paul and Mounds and Mary and then you got the Oscars. Oh geez. Oh no. What I'm going to jump out the window right now.
Goes to show you man you can't complain about the taste of the people who make these choices because their taste is in their touch. Kind of like Joyce.
Reese with us. Boom is a singer in June Carter and I walked a line and Philip Seymour Hoffman is author Truman Capote and Capote when we're acting awards yesterday from the screen actors guild S.A.G.
while the ensemble drama crash pulled off and I said went over bear back mountain for the overall cast award. When you hear who got supporting acting honors you're going to like plots.
Alright let me spread myself in. I'm going to be the second one first. Okay. Paul's your moddy of the boxing drama Cinderella man and Rachel Weiss of the murder thriller The Constant Gardener. One of the worst pieces of swill trash garbage I have ever wasted two hours of my life on just swill.
It's not thrilling. It's not so stressful. It's not as it's as bland as tapioca man boring. It's not you want to go into a coma man get the constant gardener.
Now George watch both of the movies that I sent him and they put out they were both great two thumbs up right up and see that two thumbs up your back.
That if I don't bring primal fear for Josh I think he might like that one as opposed to the other. I've seen. Oh it's like I said never mind. And like it. And by the way I saw a great move over the weekend. I saw Donnie Darko.
I got to see that every day as I know that no it's not phenomenal. It's phenomenal to the ending. I've seen it a long time by like two years ago. I got to get it. Don't like it. That's Jake Hillum Hall. He's from a very back mountain city.
I didn't like that movie. He's going to ruin it. Let me say it again. I like it. But the ending was too. I don't know what was the big deal the ending to predictable. I'm going to leave the room. Why? Because you got killed in the end. I want to watch it.
Don't ruin it for George. He dies in the end. Everybody dies. I didn't say when you said at the end at the end of the movie. It's a very good movie. I agree with you. I think it's excellent. But then the ending is just like too predictable. I mean like couldn't something have happened.
And if he's going to die how can he go. Noodle around there with what's his name? I don't know what it's the George. It's a great movie. I don't know what you say. I can't hear you.
No, Donnie Darko is not a great movie. It's great. Go on my opinion. It's a great movie. If that's your idea of a great movie. Let me do IMDB. Don't go by those stars. Those are super videos. Don't go by those stars. Well, let's see. The only reason I watch city of God is because of that 8.8 stars. Like I said, see what it says there. No search results. Get out of here. You know what I'm talking about. My ass. Start going with the K. No, I'm not. Look. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not.
What're you going to say? This is pathetic. Oh no. Here's one about Johnny Darko. Johnny darko. Johnny darko. Sorry for this but it's more than. Here, like we had a 10 o'clock. Are you noting. In other words you don't care about what the eight million people viewers out there. Yeah, I'm sure. Why not? Just as a point of curiosity. Okay. Here we go. I see this. The lecture. Thing must be screwed up now or something.
Let me get back on my Firefox. Sorry. Okay, I'll check that. Anyway, racial wise of the murder thriller the constant gardener. Oh
Hey, and then what's your name? June Carter and the Reese play by Reese with his boon. Oh my god. Y'all sometimes I can't just take the feeling
I'm just a little bit more from Tennessee sitting with a spring
Carter during her sauce long stormy courtship with country legend Johnny
Cash hello
8.3. I know you saw it. Mr. Regna. Mr. Egg. What is it? 8.3 editor.
That's fantastic. Totally. It's great.
I talked about that before I said it's an excellent movie. I just don't like the ending
The ending is a lot down to me. It should have could have been a lot of other things happen, but they didn't but you're right. It's very good
Anyway, I want to say my biggest inspiration for this movie obviously was June Carter. She was an incredible woman said Reese with his spoon
I went to high school with a kid named Bob with his phone. Why sure liked him often considered the favorite for the best actor
Oscar is Capote amid the author struggles to research and write the true crime novel and cold blood and gushing. Thanks for his Capote co stars
Bearback mountain has been considered the best picture front runner at the Oscars
Yay, whose nominations come out tomorrow. Oh goody goody with the words presented March 5
It's lost a crash could prove a speed bump on the film's path toward becoming the first
Explicitly gay thing movie to win a best picture award at the Oscars
But it's dominated earlier Hollywood honors or likely continue to be considered to be the favorite even though it got shut out of the fact
I do like that five six seven oh five six you might sneak your call or two in here then not too many though
I got a big big bunch of stuff
It's based on the first read that we had let's see
We had a wrong number we had to go whose cat likes to show and then we had to go on to make a and and bite himself to make a bad crank call
WDQ I am hello
Q I am
Yeah, yeah
What about Mary jackass
See what I mean oh
I'm gonna take any more nominations for the pool. That's the whole idea of the pool. There are no more names for it
That's the poll see I know you're a lot of you a little bit slow and maybe a little stupid
But that's the pool there are no more names needed on there
See that's the whole concept of it the whole idea. Yeah a rigged putt. They'll get it
No, they of course they don't get its way over their head. We already got taxes too and you notice how many of those that
Facts for the poll. Yeah, there are no more now
I said the beginning those are the only two names. It's a it's a message pool. There's a point to it. It's our castle
It's a closet. It's a idiotic
Just like Greg Kotex and that thing of the hurl that we talked about I did I'm not in last week
So who gave a fat boy my email address?
No seriously that's your assignment this week like anybody's gonna actually yeah
I'm gonna tell you I will I will get Luca Brassia on the phone
I'll get his ass down there and I'll have them shot right on the spot
We can do it on the air promoted for a week ahead of time. I know how we can find out yeah, put fat boy himself in a cage and refuse to feed him
After who else got a cage that size?
Well, we could find one call up Ron McGill I will and then after like what do you think 10 15 minutes he'll confess?
Yeah, there you go puts in place a candy bar is outside the cage. Can I am hello?
Hey, Neil or just a king of the
I heard you talk earlier that I can't believe that Joyce is now in charge of everything over there
She has been and she continues to be we have a new general manager now
But unfortunately she has reduced him the way paper tigers so oh man cuz I thought it was the new regime
You might get some of your parts down
I can't you know what we did for about five minutes and that's yeah, I was sure I heard one sneak in
Oh man, I thought like that, but I'm back up here. Yeah, well good. Just practice makes perfect pali
When in doubt shoot a few out five six seven oh five sixty pound five
Six can leave a residence singular wireless line it choices see the beesleys now
They think they know something about radio so they're the ones called all the shots
They're the ones that puts turn on the air and Dan near lost their license
They're the ones who just continue thinking they pretending they know something they're the ones that had all those idiotic
Contracts written up about we won't say this we won't say that are we're gonna be fired immediately and everybody's gonna
Sign these which of course nobody signed it
They're the ones who continue making our lives a living hill while it could be paradise
You know even most of it could be paradise and it's not because the Joyce
But she's you're got a great background in radio
Once upon a time he owned one
W.A.M. Hello
W.A.M. Hello
Nioh. Yes, sir
Power of nightmares. I watch it all three episodes this weekend. Yeah, it was ashamed and insured in the US
It's really good man. Where do you think it's just by accident that they didn't show it in the USA?
And that is a purpose man. Yeah, I want to show the truth. There you go. Yeah
Is that is now this is going to find all you gotta go to Google search just Google it man
This guy's got your link so dead. Yeah, my links and dead for a long time. But just Google it in the
Exactly. Oh, what happened? I don't know. I think I got cut off something to do
12 minutes after 11 at 560 WQ a.m. Joyce all Joyce radio
Where our message is go Joyce yourself
Yeah, I think we're just gonna start using her name for to replace any other word. Okay like Joyce hole like every other word
Joyce ho choice bag right Joyce Joyce Joyce right
And of course that that nasty sound that occasionally comes from your back home. I smelly Joyce
And of course there's also the old egg Joyce which you could drop in the other
Oh that cabbage choices. Oh God
That's my choice is the cabbage Joyce
12 minutes after 11 at 560 WQ a.m.
Drag concepts is the best corporate cleaning company in the universe
I've been using them for over 20 years then I believe in them like crazy because they always do a fabulous job
They never let you down and during this month January drag concepts encourages everybody to take advantage of their outstanding maintenance
Contract, but you only got today in a market to take advantage of this
Drag concepts maintenance contract offers you savings and real piece of mind and during a January
You can say 50% off their regular prices by signing up for their maintenance contract
And you'll also enjoy the benefit of knowing that dry concepts will always be there whenever you need them
Dry concepts is dedicated to the clean carpet approach is supposed to the common clean dirty carpet approach
Don't get fooled by those specials those scans those
1995 phony deals to leave your carpet soaked for days on end without even really treating the problems
You made a big investment in your carpeting your poster your drapery all of these all of these things
Select right concepts protect that investment for you the professional staff fully certified their service and standard
Absolutely unmatched anywhere. So take the worry out of having your home sanitized all year long with dry concepts maintenance program
Call them today indeed right on the Palm Beach is toll free
1-800-248-5071 be sure to tell them that Troy Stradford to a new call. They'll say who'd add 1-800-248-5071 around the wicked web dry concepts dot com
This is meal Rogers
This is five sixteen
A
All right
from the producers of ABC's life I for their invasion comes a show about even scarier more diabolical
Jerry
The government has denied their existence for years but they're here among us in your town
Even in your own home just waiting for you to pick up the phone
George Bush stars as the listener in invasion of privacy
What is being their question and our problem with your product and our service?
Please yes, he might computer just crash
Is someone else there on the line
No, what who is this?
Door air Steve is just me your president going and don't buy me mr. President
What's going on it and how did you know my name? Oh, I know a lot about you
I like your nickname is Bubba and you order pizza every Friday night. What's it?
Let's see here. Looks like he missed a few payments on that student loan there, Bo. I can't believe this you can't do this
I think in there, Bubba. Oh, I am also
Piano and righteous indignation watches there. Hi, but tell of new daddy
But this is what you're being a private guy a private overseas call their bootable. I am not a bonus. I am Hindu
I don't care if you shamu. Don't mess with Texas on because I got a predator drone circled 38-51
Calcotic or right now. So watch it buddy
Invasion of privacy tonight at Rick's range over civil rights edition of ABC
90 Darkos got eight points. We had a 10 stars and IMDb. I don't like that. It's great
I'll see. I know I already did say it was great. I told you about it before it's an excellent movie
The ending is disappointing. That's what it's here opinion
Even the other words you may have in mind the ending. I had no problem with it the fact that he died in the end
That is
Jesus
What come down or watch it? I already told him that that he died in the end that his dream kept him came true
I already smoked it out of my head and you're bringing it back in there. Oh, I'm sorry
I was Jake Hillinholl and the reason that Josh watch is because he was so smitten with his performance in bearback mountain
that
He just Google he went on to search for all Jake Hillinholl's movies. He didn't probably got Gremlin
That was my back problem. He wasn't in Gremlins. That was a Zach Galligan or whatever
That is correct. Yeah, it looks like a little bit and that why you watch the Jake Hillinholl
That's it's a fine film. It's very good. I
Would say it's well, I don't know
Different different genre than city of God. Yeah a little bit. I kind of like city of
I would say it's it's almost as crazy as as wreck me on poor dream. I would say
Without the drugs. Yeah, mm-hmm
As you go way to sum it up as wreck me now did you see this on cable or you go out and buy it? No
I saw it on cable like two o'clock in the morning because I was thinking if you went out and bought it
You could just give you could burn a copy of going to that good
I'm actually a nearest to George and then he can watch it. I will find out
Donnie dies in the end and that's this recurring dream. All right. That's great. Yeah, he will
The final arm is true and then he dies, you know, I beg your pardon
I said let me see everybody always dies in the end. Don't say in the end of the movies they die
I'll like you two more uplifting movies there because in both
You're a little more primal fear. He didn't die in the end. Oh, they probably should have right and
Was the other one imaginary heroes nobody died in fact
They all like walked home with the arms around each other and the guy that died died right there at the beginning
So that was the world of brother. Yeah, but that's you know, that's not supporting the movie because you see
The name is brother there is brother was really reaching out to him for like a little bit of help and I don't write
So, you know, you suddenly be like more for me at the dinner table stuff like that do it go ahead. Believe your brains out your side
Yeah, although quite frankly
I thought the brother looked a lot better and he did but don't want to know about stuff like that
It sounds kind of to me a little bit five six seven. Let's see. Oh, yeah
Here's the story and I wonder I was talking about that pull about Americans being so dumb because here it is
Paul Craig Roberts encounter points says
Yeah, something most American do you know that the 10% of America can't read?
Okay, I would I would have thought it was higher than that actually, but
10% 30 million or at least now they're they're just you know, that's a low-ball figure
Not that it matters the ones that can't read don't read anything anyway
And of course the ones that can't read they have somebody dial the phone for them and they call us
You want to see somebody Q. I. M. Hello. Yeah, who's your whipping boy now? Who's your whipping?
Somebody Q. I. M. Hello
Hey, you know, I'm sorry. I'm ready to
But you know, last week I stuck in a couple of fart sounds
Yeah, good those be considered one speaks me. Yeah, that's all I got. Oh
Somebody Q. I. M. Hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, can you bring the first hour David?
The first power David but you mean
No, no, no, no problem
Two recent pulls and LA times Bloomberg pull in a New York Times CBS see when we do these pulls and they're closed
They have nothing to add man. We just it's like taking away their lunch
It is like sending your little kid to lunch with his lunch pay or is a brown paper bag like very jackass
Taste to work and taking away your lunch
You open up your lunch panel and are in nothing
Oh, geez, what are we gonna do?
You'll see here's Josh's favorite line WQ. I. M. Hello
Q. I. M.
Whisperer line
Not that's too stupid even turn the radio down
Two recent pulls and LA times full and New York Times CBS pull indicate why Bush is getting away with impeachable offenses
Half the West population is incapable of acquiring processing and understanding
information
As that what we're looking for is information
Mr. what are we the number six?
Much of the problem is the media itself which services disinformation agency for the Bush administration
Fox News and right wing talk radio are the worst but with proper
G. N. I. S. sitting with standards for truth and patriotism all of the media is affected to some degree which to which we say
Absolutely
Despite the media's failure about half the population is managed to discern that the US invasion of Iraq has not made them safer and that the Bush
administrations Assault on civil liberties is not a necessary component of the war on terror the problem that slides with the absence of due diligence
On the part of the other half of the population they had to do their due diligence
I did it do this more consider the New York Times life CBS pull
64% of the respondents have concerns about losing civil liberties as a result of anti terrorism measures put him placed by President Bush
Yet 53% approve of spying without obtaining court warrants in order to reduce the threat of terrorism
Why does America any American think that spying without a warrant is any more effective reducing the threat of terrorism and spying with a warrant?
The foreign intelligence surveillance act which Bush is disobeying requires the
Executive obtained from a secret panel of federal judges a warrant for spying on Americans that purpose of laws to prevent a
President from spying for partisan political reasons the law permits the president to spy first for 72 hours and then come to the court for
Promotion after the fact as the court meets in secret spying without a warrant is no more effective in reducing the threat of terrorism than spying with a warrant
Instead of explaining this basic truth the media has played along with the Bush administration and formulated the question as a tradeoff between civil liberties and
Protection from terrorists. I'm gonna tell you right now where the biggest media shules is the shules is that Dana Bash
Who the one they got on CNN that bitch with the real skinny face it looks like a shrunken head?
Oh, I don't like a bad shirt that little skinhead in looks like and culture a little bit. Yeah a little bit
Probably doing her
Anyway instead of explaining the basic truth the media is played along with the Bush administration
Formulated the question as a tradeoff between civil liberties and protection from terrorists this formulation is false and
Nonsense. I call why does the media enable the Bush administration to escape accountability for illegal behavior by putting false
And misleading choices before the peoples
The LA Times of Lumberham Poles equally striking anomalies only 43% said they approved the Bush's performance as president
But a majority believe Bush's policies have made the West more secure
Safety safety safety
It's extraordinary that anyone would think Americans are safer as a result of Bush invading two Muslim countries and
Constantly threatening two more with military attack the invasions and threats of cause a dramatic swing and Muslims sent them away from the US
Prior to Bush's invasion of Iraq a large majority of Muslims had a favorable opinion of America now only about 5% due
A number of US commanders in Iraq and many Middle East experts have told the American public that the three-year-old war in Iraq is serving
Both the recruit and train terrorists for al-Qaeda, which has grown many times its former size
Moreover, however, the US military is concluded that al-Qaeda has succeeded in having its members elected to the new Iraqi government
We've seen similar developments both in Egypt and Pakistan and the recent Egyptian elections the radical Muslim brotherhood
Despite being suppressed by the Egyptian government when a large number of seats and Pakistan elements friendly or neutral to al-Qaeda
Control about half the government and Iraq Bush's invasion is replaced secular soonies with Islam as she allied with Iran
And now with the triumph of Hamas and the Palestinian election we see the total failure of Bush's Middle Eastern policy
Bush has succeeded in displacing secular moderates from Middle Eastern governments and replacing them with Islamic extremists
It boggles the mind that this disastrous result could make Americans feel safer
What is it safer democracy that half the American population is unable to draw a rational conclusion from unambiguous facts
Americans share this disability with the Bush administration
According to news reports the Bush administration is stoned by the election victory of radical Islamist Hamas party
Which swept the US finance Patat party from office
Why is the Bush administration established because it stupidly believes that hundreds of millions of Muslims should be grateful that the US is
Interfered in their internal affairs for 60 years setting up colonies and puppet rulers to suppress their aspirations and to achieve and set
Purpose as an US government
Americans need destory to understand that 95% of all Muslim terrorists in the world were created in the past three years
By the Bush's invasion of Iraq Americans need desperately to comprehend that if Bush attacks Iran in Syria as he intends
Terrorism will explode and American civil liberties will disappear in a 30-year war
That'll bankrupt the USA
The total lack of rationality and competence in the White House and the inability of half the US population to acquire and understand
Information are far larger threats to Americans than terrorism America has become a rogue nation flying blind
Not only by ignorance and hubris a terrible catastrophe waits and who do you think that would have super brawl on Sundays?
This is she Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers
For the DNA
Wonder what they would do
If she fired up a number two
Crazy stories never ends
She should do when that 40-pants
I gotta go
God I
She was drinking at the club and at the store
With her bladder weeks from the medical table
She got to train it back to the game and let's fight let's fight
1131 I was sorry like she might have been doing a joy suit here. I don't know a little bit
505 votes you had eaten lunch now are you from how he's no I would like to have some lunch from somewhere
We just don't know what sound like you're your mouthful
105 votes who is the biggest a hole in soundflow to print media Dan La Bastia
359 votes great code text 146. Yeah, but I don't see any more names being added on there. Oh,
Oh, man these calls sure are there they're like the corn and deliver and say sure are special, you know
Oh, they're any great not on there right now though. I was thinking they like taking a whole run of them in like about a hundred a row
I
Let me just say this while we wait for them calls to build up. I don't know what you're chocolate about you'll see
They're gonna lie and bring off the vote five six seven oh five sixty pound five six and they've arrived in singular round
His line during each break. I can't stop thinking of myself because I keep forgetting to say it
The reason that it's highly unlikely that anything significant will change in this operation
This make believe radio station this corporate jungle the reason that that's highly unlikely is because
The liars will continue to lie the game players continue to play games
The hangers on will continue hanging on by whispering certain sweet nothings into the right years and then that's not gonna change
I hope I'm wrong, but I just because remember what tremendous enthusiasm and optimism I had there for a few days or all of them
I was all this spelled on Friday and I was snapped back into reality. Okay. I was reminded of where the hell I am and what it's all about here on all
Joyce radio
Here we go look at that look at those phones man these people are all they've got lots of goodness suggestions for a poll today
Nobody Q a.m. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. No, you know that today is a Chinese birthday. So if you can play any Chinese this
Today is Chinese birthday? That's they said
Yeah, I'll be them. Okay. No problem. I'm happy birthday dick
Dominic you way. I'm hello
Neil yes sir. Hey couple things um I have patient 96 years old
Got her in your old driver's life just in a mail six years she showed me
She goes on half blind you know yeah right
And you know she won't drive it nice you just go to the doctor we've all driven right to next to her behind her on the on the highway
Yeah, but she's out of the crazy too
Um a couple weeks ago was your blood sugar 325
In the middle of the show yeah after whatever for whatever reason right huh?
That was after John Jaros and me that candy boy. Yeah, I remember good. No, I've let you know this morning was one 14 is that real bad?
And another thing you're right this whole nation is like sleepwalking towards like a cliff
And it's yeah, I know what you're talking about because people aren't the nile constantly. I got a friend of my neighbor
Because he doesn't care what the government does. Yeah, you know, he says as long as you know, they're gonna you know get the terrorists and I'm thinking
My neighbor wouldn't I was looking at him and I'm thinking he would mind if they threw me in jail or some
Let me ask you how are we doing a good job of getting those terrorists?
You're what how's the sound of doing?
All right, how we in all of Frank and all the other
Alice
They're really good way everything we you know our rights are our freedom for what a lie
Yeah, okay, so we can put you a lot of our own people and their people too
I don't know they can so they can spend two thirds of they would know electricity over there too those four shlipers
Right, it's good to college and they won't go any army
I don't think you like to appellate
I'll tell all of us
January 14th is staff Democrats attempt to filibuster elito votes
Good now Senator Patrick Leahy the top Democrat on the judiciary committee this morning revealed that he will be voting
To continue this filibuster he joined some other prominent Democrats like Hillary Clinton
Harry Reid who came out Friday and said they would also be supporting the Kennedy Kerry filibuster
But read himself the Democratic leader saying there are not enough votes to keep it going
This is basically the Democrats is going through the motions a symbolic
Move at this point. Yeah, there you go. That's what Democrats are famous for last several years now going through the motions
Just like a election. Oh, let's go through the motions. Okay, and then of course they're gonna fix it
And they got all the die-bowl machine machines in airman they got their good machines and then we'll just go through the motions
And after that we'll just roll over and play dead like Al Gore and John Kerry log box
Oh, all miners that rescued from that Canada pot ash miners at pot ash pot ash mine
I don't know. Yeah, that's where they're mining pot
And it's a very strange
Oh, there's Melissa Sun from the CBC hours
It's not on their limit. Just about an hour ago
They worked out since about 3 a.m. Sunday morning
Sure, and I'll fire broke out in the pot ash mine that they were working in
The good thing about that was they were we don't care. We're sick entirely
They just make this stuff up
You know, they they had such a big hit on that first mining story that now I'll make just keep making this stuff up
What are the odds that we don't hear any mind disasters for like years and then all of a sudden like within a matter of days or yet all these they're probably like
Shove it. I'm down in there probably kidnapping bastards off this reading shove it in the cool mine
Shanghai think shangmite into them. Yeah
Who's saying angrily walks out on new judge good old Sodom
He's he tried to kill my dad
Sodom was saying stormed out of the courtroom and his work time trying to crime straw yesterday after a new chief judge
Had his half brother forcibly ruled from the proceedings by four girls. You have got to see that
Oh, when when I keep it out CNN because if they show that footage again, you'll fall off the chair
I'll speak to fall off the chair. So I'm at the casino yesterday in Niagara Falls
bad start
And my friend who's not he plays blackjack, but anyways
Talking to play in a machine next to where I was playing and he puts in 80 bucks
He gets a couple of spins and then he got he got to spin for a thousand bucks
Well, he got so excited because because I can hear the audio on a wheel of fortune thing
It gets about three four spaces away and go like that. You know, you know, you're gonna hit it
And I said you got it and he leaned back in the chair when I fly it over and he went to the fly. It was hysterical
It's a name good thing he didn't get the 20 grand
You had to be there to see it. It was a visual thing
The trials new chief judge row for our sheet and of course if Josh got the thousand bucks on a wheel
He'd probably like go spastic. He just
That'll be a one two and three in his pants
The trials new chief judge row for our sheet Abdel Rothman Schwartz
Wheel of the heavy handed tried to establish order in the courtroom resulting in the expulsion of one defendant
Varzan Hassan and defense attorney the expulsion prompted other members of the offense team to walk out followed by who's saying and two other
Defendants
The walkouts prompted a recess and when the trial resumed the court had appointed six new defense attorneys
But it'd be put about just just a circus, you know
Kamikawa goes on a QM every day. It's just a three-room circus without the amusement
So do you find out who gave my email address to fat boy yet? No, no, we're not gonna find out until we talk to fat boy
I think well what do you mean to you talk to fat and he's done?
Look nobody's gonna admit to that. I got news for it
If I had a list of ten p if I could make a list of the last ten people in the world
I wanted to have that email address
He would be right at or near the top of the list leave me alone fat boy get out of my life
I don't want nothing to do with you or your boyfriend crazy Dave or any of your other uh, you know
Ojoan provocation. See that's another thing. It's going on
They think that they're gonna make some changes in there
But they got real smitten servers like I said the people that play games are continuing to play their games and
And they were always fiddling you know what I'm saying?
I mean it's one thing they have a guy come in who's a good guy. It seems like a really good guy
But the fact that it matters he hasn't got a clue what's been going on there
And it's your job you're falling down on the job mister
You're the one that's supposed to be cool and him in on the history of all this stuff
Who's on first what's on second? Huh, but Abbott Luke Castello you're the one supposed to be cool in them in and what are you doing about it nothing?
Do it stuff like directing me to get all whipped up into a frenzy about this craft
Yeah
That's another popular room. We're about to building but I get pissed off about stuff because George
You know tells me in such a way. Yeah, right
If they were the kids your mom and that's my friend about that clearance
And how come I thought we were getting a new sales manager in there too. I realized it's only a short period of time
But let's go and then this morning they bring in another new sales person in there to like to see the studio
My god. How many new sales people do we have every week there?
None of them are selling anything but we and how about that piece of copy though
I spent bitch to clearance did he take care of that? It was too busy
I aggravating me again this morning
Anybody do anything about that? No that teeny tiny print that looks like a
bedtime story. I've never seen anything like that in my life Troy
See you you can't you can't may I notice comes a great surprise you can't take dog poop and turn it into like
Shackle but he on you can't do it
You can't take chicken droppings and turn it into like chicken salad. It can't do it
And so the idea that by saying anything or by screaming or howling or doing anything
It's going to change any of these people not going to happen not this week not a week from circus and they never going to happen
The incompetent will continue to be incompetent the people don't want to do their job or incapable or both they're not going to do it
And so there's a lot of people that are talking a really good game now, but a beep but a boop but about that yeah right
And the only thing is being changed is underwear and then many times a day here on pirate on Joyce pirate radio
And a good good name for us Joyce pirate radio or just Joyce radio all Joyce radio. Yeah, I'll Joyce all the time and Joyce you don't like it Joyce you
Who is the biggest a hole in South Florida print media? We got 520 voc far lower than what we normally have if we had a whole bunch of choices on there
And they thought why this is really a neat pull this isn't a pull that's a problem
But the problem is that most of them don't don't get it
You know
Daniel Bastard, huh? And of course the problem is 95% of them don't never heard either one of these people
Like me
Sonny Shinin man's gonna be like 46 we're almost 50 today. It's the 30th of January. What is it?
30 man after I'm complaining mind you I'm a static
372 votes for Daniel Bastard is the biggest South Florida print media a hole and 148 for Greg Hotex
Don't forget tomorrow starts that big pull on air in a heraldon at Greg Hotex blog
Another one the finalists. Oh
The best talk show and I think the way he's got it narrow down is gonna be the best talk show host will it be Daniel Bastard or
Joe Rose and the worst will be Hank Goldberg or or Landon
The battle act on him a full stone next time he's not a charming home
Is the
This is with his name's Bush. He's a hemorrhoid in the touch. We picked a guy who would die
So we be alone there's nothing in his and
And now another tale from the cell phone of Dick Cheney
Today Dick Diles celebrity biographer Kitty Kelly
Hello
Yes, hello, uh, kitty Kelly, please
Thinking I ask you this is Dick Cheney. I spread the United States of America. How are you?
Fine. That's good. That's nice
Is there something I can help you with? Oh, yes. Yes. It's just that uh that book is coming on
I mentioned that you're uh, frankly we
Request in its credibility and I was wondering if maybe you could wait a couple of months before actually putting it out
I'm sorry my son is breaking out
Did you just ask me not to
I'm so out of the election. Yes, after George Bush gets reelected. Right on your watch. We won't care then
Why don't I want to do that?
Hello
Money growing up. What? Why? Why? Oh my god. Look at the police. The terrorists win. Huh? You're messing with the president of the United States of America
Okay, I'm hanging up now. We know where you're living. You come to
Okay, that's right. We'll get you a little dog to know too
Bye
This has been another tale from the cell phone
Cheery
We never
Farm came out of
Teenies now see
Farm came out of
Said is wrong, but he's not backing down
So read read our common promise now
That's the sand appears must have been hurt
Don't ask the kainey about how to hurt the
Because if you do
Let it curse word for third slip
You should know when the ratings are no keep it
Hey
You know the battles must be near to start his heart
Start to see PR accept them out to mouth part
Chees mouth is really getting foul
Say the world fan I see in the white house
Sellers and they won't you pick on our
This is we don't
15
He dropped the air farm okay, so he's a crook and a liar and to make a million dollars off of everybody's misery and the grumpy old man
But what's wrong with being a grumpy old man and making a lot of money? That's what I say
Well, you're not destroying America in the process a raw Caribbean cruise employee was arrested in charge with attempting to rape a passenger during a week-long cruise
What do I keep trying to tell you people do not begin on them cruise ships? You're gonna be really sorry
But nevertheless
Henry, Mascito, Forbes 34 was arrested Saturday when the legend of the seized doctor in the port of Tampa
According to Hillsborough County Sheriff's Orifice
Forbes met the 22-year-old pastor in a bar on the ship to they offered to take around a tour a police report
Said he allegedly pulled the woman into a dark room attempted to rape her. She was able to escape. She wasn't raped
Forbes was charged with false imprisonment and sexual battery. It was being held without bond
He didn't have an attorney yet who could comment
Company officials are waiting on the outcome of a police investigation
Before disciplining Forbes said Miami-based Royal Caribbean spokesman Michael Shean
Oh
Miami-based Royal Caribbean cruise line
You know they have to be a guy that disappeared over there in on the ship on his honeymoon. Yeah
What about it? And I'm just just a whole series of these things. I mean people go on there and they get raped at it or they
Get sicker and hell or they like disappear altogether, but you know have a good time
And gambling man you haven't got a Chinatown chance in Perkthur but nevertheless and that food. Oh, man
Here's a fact from a guy riffing the Georgian ass doesn't know what this guy's talking about. Oh, maybe he's got a good point
It says the message is actually for Georgia. Are we called correctly? That's the operative part of this fact
A few months back in color called George to recommend him Donnie Darko and he just totally blew the color off
I think it was a pseudo movie he made an opinion without actually been watching the movie now. He's all interested in watching it
I like Georgian agree with most of the stuff. He says but I
Think he should put his foot in his mouth on this one
He sounds like a total hypocrite anyway much longer. I love you guys. I love the shows are same in other words
I love you guys, but you made a mistake. I think it was from my cousin Paul you made a mistake
I've only ever heard good things about the movie thus my retort there on the facts. Yeah
Oh, yeah, George wrote on here Sam doesn't recall correctly did not happen
I don't make opinions about movies I haven't seen unless of course Colin Trell or Robert Donnie Jr
In it so clean your ears out Sam. Here are that waxy buildup please probably listen to Dan La Bastard
He's the one in the afternoon
Listen to Danny boy and get that bad waxy buildup get the wax out baby. Get some of them Q tips
And while you're at it stick one in your store. You can't hurt
Yeah, yeah, you can't hurt if you do it wrong. Yeah, good. Joyce yourself
Spending a dick chaniel is a good time a good good lucky segway here
Because I just happened to be next to my big fat pile
Nothing like having a big fat pie, you know what? Well
2005 was the best year in Haliburton's history
Let's share it for dick chaniel as somebody's in Haliburton man who'll make it billions off of your people dying and suffering and
slinging out those crap meals that they're served a feed the service man
oil oil field services conglomerate Haliburton company last Thursday said
2005 was the company's best year in its 86 year history a year anchored by a profitable fourth quarter of strong sales and increased rig
Activity sounds like the American elections rig the income reversed the loss from a year earlier
Quarterly profit rose to 1.1 billion dollars or two dollar and eight cents a share including one time tax gain
540 million or dollar two a share
The results widely beat Wall Street's projections by the beep betta-boop betta-bop
Haliburton non-certainings after the market closed
Well, how do you like that Haliburton making a record profits the oil company is making record profits
Thank you mr. President for those little gas prices and $68 an oil barrel oil now
I'm like they said if
If Iran gets PO's we can have a hundred dollar a oil of barrel oil however that goes
Right oh yeah, so how about five bucks a gallon if 350 cents good how about five bucks how about 10 bucks
How about 30 million bucks a gallon sounds like a nice round number
Just to keep those damn fat Saudis fat and satisfied with their expensive wine and their big fancy
Astogies you know what they can do with that Stogi don't you? Yeah
Fanned our bush my ass. Well, what a joke
What a disgrace and the media they present this like oh
The king puts them on can you put anybody on it for kisses ass and snap his suspender in his bag a little bit
God
Can you imagine his tongue must be just oh brother calluses
X rated
Fear opens his mouth. I'll never let's just see his tongue on here because just it's just oh
I've seen
From too much licky licky licky Larry you idiot. Oh, I didn't think creepy crawlies on there. No, my goodness
Cindy she insurance to run against dying fine sign
Caracas in his way. See and now of course you know certain elements are gonna be saying
Taiwanese staffs. How many stay in the elements?
I think you're really good to some of them
Caracas
What a horrible place by the way did not go there. Whatever happened to our buddy little Joey
I don't know. He's doing to show a Gilbert house now. I mean must be my dog. You play him on the abatto want put me on the anarchy
I'm gonna play that crap with me
You're not gonna pull that crap with me. I'm gonna. I'm gonna go to a web weed
According to a press release issued Friday Cindy she and his decided to run against California Senator dying fine
Stein if finestein does not filibuster the Samoledo nomination
Well, let's take a look. What's that thing with Phoenix? They're showing and that breaks the all-time what uh
All-time wetter. Yes 73 degrees in Phoenix. What we do global warming, okay
Sun it looks like the middle of spring here right now. The sun is shining. He's not a cloud in the sky and the temperature
Is 45 already there's sand 46 but it's not even noon yet probably gonna be 50 today. How do you like that?
No snow no winter time to which I say oh right. I'll be dead anyway by the time that all the you know everything is under water
God's gonna want to release another great flood
Yeah, well, I have some geckys around it can write them out. I got at least another flood on mankind
According to a press release I just got through in it. She and maybe announcement from Venezuela where she's attending the world social forum
Effectors a picture on air about her shaking hands with the euro chavez
Oh my god. Just like the picture Roastell shaking hands with Sodom
She and his quoted who have said I'm a Paul the dying finestein wouldn't recognize how dangerous
Alito's nominations who are holding the values of our constitution and restricting the use of patient of presidential powers
For which I already pay the ultimate price
Wasn't that what uh Paris Holtman was doing in that car use of Pien?
Oh
She and became well known a crowd but I'm even about actually returns today to the US
So we're traveling to Washington DC tomorrow to participate in an alternative state of the union event the protest you go Cindy
Don't take any of your wooden nickels man. Just to keep banging away
Just like in Fahrenheit 9-11 at first. I'd Michigan mother with that military mother and everybody in the family
Within the military members. He was so proud and so against the protesters
They made her say and then all of a sudden what come to find out her son got killed over the interact
For no reason at all now all of a sudden she's born again
Warp protester like
Never but a little bit too late for her son
That they were so proud to send over there to be butchered for no good reason at all
This show they had on a and e-lice night two hour special on the world trade center
On the night. I love it attacks
Yeah, and even though like I said I didn't learn anything new
But just a watch and it gets you so pissed off and so angry and then you realize that we've spent these
Trillions of dollars in between and the last of what is it that's three and a half years now?
Yeah, for the four and a half years. Well, whatever the hell it is too long
And in the meantime have we got any of these? Oh, yeah, I mean wouldn't you be all this crap about where we pissed off
And it was bush standing up in the rubble with the firemen and they had the flag and they're gonna know who we are
And nobody but they're gonna know and we haven't got any of them haven't got any of them
Yeah, and the meantime what we did is a set them up a nice camp there in a raxidig like the recruit from all over the Middle East
And he got like that article I read said a zillion tear was now sure
We're putting a nice training ground for him. We're doing what they said we'd dip. Yeah
Carton the Carlisle foundation my ass man the bushes and they've been lodged and the two most evil
Those are the evildoers right there forget about Iran and Iraq and even North Korea forget about all the set of crap in Syria and etc
And Hamas and Hamas
The bushes and they've been lodged and those are the real evil doers
553 votes we haven't even got a chance a chance at a thousand today and you know something ought to be automatic because they don't have to think a lot about just click one of them right right
Just just give it a click man
This is Neil Rogers
This is
My 16 QAM
This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on QAM
In that power company
You put the utility in utility barred of paradise and life there isn't a hurricane that blows as much as you
When a stormed wrecked we can count on blue to turn our power off long before it gets here
Leaving the rest of us to marvel at the blue-throw of exploding transform
Providing us a historical perspective of
1957's technology and in the moist heat of tropical darkness the weakening
Batteries in our radios drug past your latest risk release for self-loridure
That says your trucks and crews are ready to move from the Alabama State border and the question in everyone's mind is
On so as we search for the appropriate answers to how many
Emergy's degrees does it take to change the life
Learn and paradise in light this birds for you
I'm sure I asked Joyce Hall. I'm sorry
Cover two man. How long is this story?
Geez. I'm so sorry. I apologize to myself for printing this thing out
I
Printed out first and the type on thing was so small where there was even smaller than a piece of copy that the truck came up with
Not the agency gave us that you need a magnifying glass to read it
Of course it's from the hero to what do you expect so I had to like print it again at the analysis power strategy has consumers
Wary it's
Are you wary? Yeah, but what are you gonna do about it? Just like you know late back and think about a candle right?
Just like they used to say on the Christopher's man if everybody would like just one little candle
What a difference it would make we like what in the bathroom every now and again do you incense?
I am insensed just the care light a whole bunch of men are cover up that aroma
Put you in a coma because a lot of people are joyous in in there
Here are three small facts about your power company that most customers haven't even thought about one
Thorough power light hasn't asked for an increase in its basic rates since 85 to
It still enjoys a healthy profit 20% higher than what most electric companies are allowed to quit one major study
M3 unodosed trace it manages this balancing act primarily being come by keeping costs down
Its operations that maintenance costs are 42% below the industry average its website boasts low prices and low cost generally may
consumers happy but
But now after five major hurricanes that that feels operating you're in a 15-month stretch leaving many in the dark for days
Are weeks customers are saying to wonder if there's something wrong with this picture? What's wrong with this picture, baby?
They're one of the smartest operating utilities in the country said Bob Williamson a mommy shores businessmen as home was dark 18 days after Wilma
They helped their stock price their shareholders are happy their executives are well compensated
I don't play met the now I blame the public service commission for not regulating this monopoly
He says the people are getting nailed by their customers and he is absolutely
Legislators mayors consumer advocates and many angry customers are all taking a new look at South voters 80-year-old power company
They want to know how it's been performing especially whether it's been scrimping
see him
Scrimping whether it's been sipping on maintenance causing unnecessary outages after storms hit
You told these executives say that they've done a good job
They point to a study but a bit bit of a move but about some veteran FPL workers dispute how well the system fit maintained
Vic Ganjan
A frog a lineman who retired and brawled last year after 38 years of service for Florida plunder
Loot says FPL once had regular programs that replaced were not equipped but then in the early 90s it switched
Tending not to replace transformers pulls and such until they broke down
Kind like our engineering department it sounds like to me
What in the maintenance program is very weak. He says we cause phony and reports of bad polls only to be ignored
Don't worry. We got a storm coming. He says it's a supervisor told him. It'll take care of it
Right
Yeah, the storm of low those babies done and of course all the customers be without power but at least then we start from scratch
I guarantee you 50% of the polls fell during Wilmud because they were rotten Ganjan says it's sad
I feel sorry for the pubic this is a guy to work for a Florida plunder would look for 38 years
He knows what's going on right now that he's out
FPL vice president geisha Williams their very own geisha girl in charge of the companies
This is recent system says that's unacceptable for any supervisor to let a storm take care of maintenance
And blow the a polls down
She says new technology infrared cameras taking for weak spots in lines have made it cheaper and easier to do maintenance without spending a lot of money
Still some critics including consumer advocate Mike Torney
I wonder whether FPL that's bad equipment fall during a failure in hurricanes because that's the way
Remember that song by Casey that's the way FPL likes it
That's the way the president will be paid out of storm fund surcharges
Granted by state regulators rather than out of its own operating expenses
Which would eat into its profits and piss off their stockholders. That's what all you people are doing
You're making the FPL sure holders happy
Remember that one jackass that called back during the hurricane thing. Oh he was real happy because he got a lot of FPL stock
We're good for you. He can't make a bill you up
Here you go his old gc you fairy
572 voices over got him that pull. I'm just amazed
Just amazed at this crowd man
You know something we enjoy they don't like it. Yamama we enjoy it today
This one's for us
How's that the CD coming by the way that best of the 30th anniversary?
Sorry that I don't mind if you're with and I'm not coming down there and do any appearance in spite of your sales manager
Who are yeah, and let me also say this since I'm letting it all hang out here today
Was either one that said that the bees these were gonna front the 10 grand for the princess CD was that my idea?
No, was either one that said we're gonna go in to hit on customers to
Clients to try to get that 10 grand back because the bees these are too cheap to pay out of their own
Big-ass pocket. No, I wasn't the one that said that but that's the way it is. That's the way they like it
So if anybody down there is is diluting themselves into believe it
I'm gonna come down and do another one of those stupid appearances and sign those so yes autograph cards
Everybody who listen to the show is that I'll hold bunch of those
Any of those time to get alive
Get real get lost
Mighty cone get joist whatever I wrote on there, okay? We'll make up some rubber stamps and then Gilbert cannot a graph
Yeah, there. There you go. Gilbert
Gilbert, Mino Joey can't go and they can they can have their own remote
And then we are watching the show and then we can get the guy with a fanny pack and the guy with the eyes all these
misfits
All right, I was thinking over the weekend because I was the casino and I was thinking about the
God with a fanny pack and the fact that when they first opened up the macarena there
I'm going to a hockey game and here's here's one of these
groupie
chronic calling misfits and he's got he's got a piece on him which you know nobody's supposed to know it and they didn't know it either
Which I think is why I can't he's in there playing so you got hired a security guy to macarena and he's got a gun
Now who else that on the bat line that little crank call or is that like huh?
I just put it on hold you can answer if you want it's probably a fact
Oh, I see facts line Q.A. I'm hello. Yo, what's up guys? It's really
Rowley yes, sir
When do you come in the middle of the show? Are you out doing something?
Yes, sir. I'm sorry. I'm over here in Brian's University. It's calling. Let you know. I'm here ready to give up
You're on one tickets
Man, let's hear I think I'm going to jump out the window right now. You got what?
I have to take it. Well, I'm going to take it. Well, how are we supposed to know about that?
Rowley with somebody's pussy of us a liner a heads up a heads down a heads in a door like in train spotting
This is the notice right here
What's the point talking about until he's there now?
And that's true. I'm if we were to talk about it earlier people have been pealed. Where are you now?
I'm on the point of client university
Pines in university the Q.A. and Van is their role Rowley Poli is there. I bet he's not now. What game is this for tonight?
Game against the make believes yes, sir. I guess the make believes the make believes
Yes, sir who have lost eight consecutive games and couldn't win a fish game they're going to be pissing me off
Okay, well, we'll get some people out there for you. Rowley or not as a case. Maybe have a good time. Thank you. Thank you
I rest my case
You see what I mean? Joe Bell good guy very impressed
Friendly very interested in what's going on, but you know something where there's no sense. There's no feeling and that's this company
That's this place
Like I said the slackers will continue slacken it the liars will continue lying and the game players will continue playing their games
And the incompetence heels people will continue to be what were we looking for in there in competent?
I
Mean that that right there that it's just
This is Rowley. Yeah, I'm not blaming him. I mean, he's just a call in him because he's uh, I
Don't know given us an update because he's probably wondering why nobody I have I should ask him what time he got there probably got there 11
Something else has yeah, Rowley tomorrow
He's to pull don't call me when he got there so I can send you the liner
Why is that why couldn't you send us the liner earlier today and said because he's a rival one to two I'm making a pardon because his arrival was to be determined
Yeah, we didn't know when he was gonna be there right yeah
When you guys sure got your act together I'll say to them. I know I'm doing a heck of a job Brownie
You're really good and by the way
And why do you're in there now since you since George tells me that's your about the only person in place that doesn't lie like crazy
You know, I would agree with that even when it hurts. Oh boy
No, no seriously whose idea wasn't that I was supposed to come down there and go show up with some appearance to try to suck the
10 grand back for the beesleys that they put enough for the CD that I want no part of this best of Neil thing whose idea was that
That I really couldn't say. I don't know
Well, your program director told me this morning came up at a promotion meeting now
I'm gonna have a promotion meeting without the promotion director in there well because it's also a programming meeting
I beg your pardon. It's also a programming meeting
Well, okay, so let me see this if you're if you're in the program
I mean also the family is you who's gonna be doing two to four after we get through with this revolving door. Who's gonna be doing that?
Um, I'm up at a gig
I'll tell you one thing we get that Julio audience and then we can probably get a 15 share in air Miguel to the foe absolutely sure
Be well. We're doing right now. I'll tell you I
Don't understand what we're doing now. I mean, you know
When you think there was like an emergency to show up more lots of door. He was kind of like
What was the big emergency? He told them to or get off the pot. No, I don't think that happened at all
I think it was he was he was just trying to find out is he gonna be extended which is he gonna be
Oh my god, or I extended out the door
I really don't know. Oh look at that look for the QM van right now
The who is parking on him pines in university. No, we know he's there
Stop by to pick up a pair tickets and ice panthers make believes game at the bank at line of center
There'll be lots empty seats baby lots empty seats you can pick your own seats. Sit wherever you want
So we got tickets for you any interest? Oh leaves couldn't win a fixed game. Come on panthers will probably kick their ass
I'll have Brian McKibs coming back tonight. Well, I make a difference. No, like I said
Okay, well nice job there Miguel and
Roli Polly and Roli fingers and Roland Stettam who I can see my role in Stettam got out of town
Not anybody else get a chance get out of that place save your life save your brain
582 so who do you vote for on a pull before you get out of there Miguel
You go on hit either than even though who's up
Dan La Bastard or Greg Cotex the biggest sports print A hole in South Florida
Oh the bastard. Okay, another vote for Dan La Bastard when he's tick and ass man
He's got to five out of three to one four hundred and ten to one hundred and seventy two almost six hundred votes
And these people are saying what kind of a pool is this? Oh, I'm gonna give you a heads up on the Mars pool right now
Give them something to sink their teeth into literally now. They're old when I'm bringing back quite you got to bring them back
Why not?
You know, I looked at some of the ones shron's got here and I shaw in your grade. Thanks keep him coming
But some of my suck what no, I mean you can't be picky with the ball was the
What was the best South Florida restaurant to close in the last 20 years?
Uh and Eric has set it up now that I can actually go back in there and get the original
The right the pool you see that time. Yeah. Wow nice going Eric you demand baby
And he also helped me on the phone on Friday get this printer all on screen now and he's a great good
Aura you keep picking on him and ripping him ass. Call him a fat slaw. That's bad. That's right talking about the burritos
What was the best South Florida restaurant to close in the last 20 years? Do you want to hear the original?
Let's after we do the break. I'll tell you what's on here. I'm sure a lot of it man
Because this isn't gonna be one of those with only two on it
Was it Burton Jackson Wolfies?
I know what mr. Eagle would say
First and Jackson at temper-coincest and that parmesan cheese man. I was out of this world. You know that parmesan cheese
mr. Freebie
fall 14 crispy to about 75 kids you gotta get a lot of free meals
We're lightning quick speeds the latest features and security
Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL in the dust
And today you can get on board for only 995 a month for three months
Within always on connection speed of six mega bites
Comcast high speed internet is up to four times faster than DSL one five and up to a hundred times faster than dial up
Whether you're downloading music watching streaming video or playing online games or just surfing your favorite sites
Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet
Plus when you son up for Comcast high speed internet you get instant access to feet features
Free features like the fan video mail Comcast Rax City radio plus and up to seven personal email accounts just to name a few
Not only that but you also get macap security tools included
So you can be assured that your internet experience is always safe and secure
So what are you waiting for start doing more faster than ever?
Sign up for Comcast high speed internet today only 995 a month for three months
You wonder how you ever managed to get along without it call them in brow at 954 Comcast or in dates 305 Comcast
Call for the tail certain restrictions apply again and dated 305 Comcast and in
954 Comcast
This is a meal Roger
This is five 16
You some more prisoners make them scream nice and loud
Get me some wires and a battery. I don't care if they
My
Use you to the torture
Because they're just lame their game in the past
It had to be worse
Oh
And step closer to
Maybe
But is it the first time to miss when this is Smith becoming mr. If this is the how well it takes
Till we get a break
Yeah, break
From the coverage of bread and the mother to be
To do it's in Hollywood even before Brad and you have their baby no other story
Getting real boring I'm just bored today
I've heard a lot of of despair how about you
And
Well
But we've got more of granulated discs, but one time that's the kind of malice that we've piled
high with toys.
We are a bad guy.
But after Jimmy Puffing, he sure is something.
I think he sure is Joyce.
He'll...
Twenty Pasnoun, he appeals to that Yahoo!
He west, I don't know what that's all about.
The whole cheese thing, I don't know.
The salty dogs.
Is that what they are?
The salty dogs?
Yeah.
I see.
Alright, if you're drunk, it's good to sing along.
Anyway, the poll for tomorrow, which we're not doing yet.
What was the best staff photo restaurant to close in the last 20 years?
Now, I noticed on here we had lots of tabernet and I put a question mark next to it.
I'm crossing it off because I just went online and found out that a lot of tabernet will
reopen in 2006 on top of the ocean.
Alright?
And it shows a picture and artist, I guess, whatever this is.
Construction set to begin August of 2005.
So I'm assuming that this is going to happen.
Some crossing that out.
Although I don't know whether it's Carolyn and Sherpermann or still involved in that.
I don't think so.
I don't know.
I have no idea.
Some crossing that out.
What we got is Burton Jax, Wolfies, Poverniks.
Well, how about the Deli Den?
Okay.
Huh?
Deli Den's long gone, right?
Far better.
They tried it again and no Deli Den.
Povernik's corkies are at my new beach.
The studio, New York State House, Casavecchia, Hemingways, Le Dom, Top of the Home, and
Deli Den.
My misnade real obvious ones, last 20 years.
Always that one where I split off the toilet seat.
Oh, they had other memories.
Vinnie's.
Alright?
Vinnie's in the Bronx.
Oh, that was the way.
Vinnie's on 441 there, however, I'm sure it's not there no more.
Maybe I'm wrong.
You probably shut them down.
Yeah, right.
560, 560, I would like to pound.
Not actually the food was very good there, but it's a long time ago.
Longer go.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Yeah, but hot and now.
Yeah, that was really good.
Hot and now my ass.
That's what I heard.
Yeah, hot and now.
How long was it?
How many minutes was that place open?
About 30 minutes.
Yeah, remember that?
Don't exaggerate.
I don't know.
It was close so fast I ever got a chance to check it out.
What was the fast food restaurant?
I know that.
So what was wrong with that?
In fact, don't you remember it was opened as a vendetta, either by the Pepsi people or
the Coke people, which one?
Because it was called the checkers or something.
Yeah, the other outfit that they were pushed off at had an exclusive contract with the
other soda people.
So they opened up their own hot and now.
And then we're going to put the other people out of it and hot and now stay open for
about 5 minutes.
They stayed open about as long as White Mountain ice cream.
The difference between the White Mountain was very good.
How is that stone cold doing?
They still have stone and cold.
They still see their signs around.
Yeah, they're around.
That's very dangerous stuff, man.
It's really good, but it's dangerous, really addictive.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Yes, a couple of Mitch's steakhouse.
What is it?
Mitch's steakhouse.
Mitch's Avenue.
How does Avenue and Mitch's steakhouse?
Steakhouse.
Okay, let's put those in.
He's back in after lunch.
He's saying, maybe he's got like a speech defect.
You're fair.
Mitch's steakhouse on the beach.
Okay, never heard of it.
Did you?
Oh, wasn't that a sponsor?
What's upon it, Mitch's steakhouse?
I don't know.
Yeah.
Come on.
You better get with it, man.
What was the other sponsor we had a better option?
The one that sent us overall a free silverware.
By the way, thanks again for the free silverware.
I'll do people with a...
A sponsor?
Huh?
Something is Smith and Walensky.
That's it.
She'll leave it to me.
Leave it to the old, old...
I'll never bring it to the party to set.
Now, how'd you did?
What are you talking about?
I got it on our plates.
Smith and Walensky, my ass.
Oh, you got some good plates.
Good.
The food was horrible, but the free silverware and plates were great.
Thanks, guys.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
And back at you.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about Moneros?
The place on how it will be full of art?
Is closed?
Yep.
You're going to be kidding me.
Where they had that great blue cheese salad or whatever they used to call that?
What do they call that?
That Gorgon's Oldest Sound?
No idea.
Oh, that was a good place.
Okay, thanks, pal.
Moneros is closed.
All I can say to that is, oh my God.
Can you believe it?
I believe it.
Get out of there.
We better...
How are we going to find out about these?
I mean, that guy didn't sound like he would make it up.
Some people, you can tell right off the bat.
Moneros.
Oh, brother.
Hey, or no?
It's got an A and a.
Oh.
M-A-N-E-R.
Well, you're asking me.
It's like a Julio name.
You are such a...
Goi.
God.
Moneros.
M-A-N-E-R.
Oh, a positive feedback.
Moneros.
It'll be a lot of N-A-R.
I don't know.
Moneros.
You know how that sounds.
Can be spelled.
It's got an E-A.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, I got a good one.
How about you, do you have a go ahead?
Uh...
Clayton's.
Clayton's?
Clayton's on...
Used to be on sunrise many years ago.
And what was the fish place, Neil, down on W-9 feet of the intercoastal?
What was that place called?
I have no idea.
Oh, God, it was famous.
Man was as famous as Joseph.
Can't think of the name.
79th Street and 1.
And the Acausal?
And the intercoastal.
Beats a crap out of me.
Do you remember Clayton's meal?
No, I never heard of it.
I remember being Clayton used to play for the Roxins through Ammerks.
Yeah, Clayton was...
Yeah, but this was that 20 years ago or 100 years ago.
No, it's about...
I mean, we could start putting like the famous one here too, but that's 100 years ago.
We're not talking about ancient.
20 years.
About 20 years, man.
About 20 years, but...
There was a fish place.
God's done it with that fish place.
There was so many.
Everybody went down to Miami to go that way.
Grandsh anac.
No, hell no.
So this is right on the intercoastal.
Right on the intercoastal.
So...
Somebody will know.
Just relax, okay?
Pop a pillar too, and we'll get back to you.
Okay, Neil.
Let's go here from here again, man.
Keep it work up.
We'll come again, okay.
Wow.
Talk about emotional.
See, this is the kind of...
This is something I can get excited about now, as opposed to that stupid ass vendetta
pulled you doing.
And look what the number of polls we have votes.
We have six tens, see?
We have seven, ninety.
We got six tens.
We got everything you said, five, sixty.
And that's because the fixes in over there with the hero.
Anything they can do to hurt us.
Isn't that what they once said?
That's what Joel Feinberg said.
That's what a hero that us will do.
Anything we can to hurt you guys, a QM, to wound you, to screw you over, to make your
life hard, living a hell.
And I responded.
The bees and bees are already doing a good job of that.
We didn't need no help.
And Joe Bell said, what's going on?
Good guy, but boy, I feel sorry for him because he hasn't...
Maybe he's starting to get an inkling of what a cesspool he inherited there.
Man.
Now he told me, he said, you know what?
I have to bring up a oxygen mask and work every day because it's such a cesspool.
Such a toilet.
He said, I feel like I'm acting in that movie, Transpawning.
In the toilet.
Oh, I saw a little bit of a movie that was on cable last night by the same director from
Transpawning.
Seven days after, like the...
Oh man, about a bunch of wild monkeys with a disease.
Oh, yeah.
What?
I saw about two minutes of it and I showed it off.
28 days later or something like that.
That's it.
Yeah.
No good.
But it had three or four stars on there on the...
On the blurb.
Could have been good, but it wasn't.
It was not.
No, it wasn't.
It could have been just as good as Transpawning, but no toilet scenes in this one.
So it has a good parts, but it didn't turn out to have no joy scenes.
No, I see.
In fact, Transpawning, too much joy floating around on the bowl for me.
By the way, yes.
Oh, roll these out of tickets.
Yeah, I hear.
No more panthercene.
Rollin' on it.
You mean he just talked to us like 22 minutes ago.
He's everybody out of tickets.
That's not ticket.
Hot spot.
Get outta here.
The make-believe.
That's right.
Maybe my...
Maybe it's because of this show we got my...
We love the make-believe.
And the crowd will be saying, go team, go.
As long as I live, I'll never forget that dumb goi there in front of me.
Leafs game and the crowd is going...
The Leaf fans, go Leafs go.
Which is probably the most...
The best known cheer in all of sports history, okay?
All of sports history.
Even better than...
That noted in crap or whatever.
And I'm Michigan one.
Go Leafs go.
How...
How kind of a moron you have to be to be at a hockey game and...
And he turns into his...
And he says to his friend, I think they're saying, go team, go.
Oh.
It shows...
That...
No, seriously.
That was the epitome of what South Florida is all about.
Dumb goi-im.
That's South Florida.
I rest my case.
29 past noon in a few way.
I mean, that's the problem with you guys over there across the street.
It's a ticket.
Too many goi-im working over there.
You think Joel Feinberg would hire a few of his own, but no.
I'll go him.
The M.O.Costa's Florida's number one agent where my...
Refeasur voted by...
Is a Gat restaurant review.
And now every Friday through Sunday night,
you can enjoy lobster fest between main lobster served thermidor style.
And every night it's cramp-based with laskin' snow crab legs.
Dungeon is cramp and Jonah's stone crabs.
The menu at the M.O.Costa includes fresh oysters on a half-cell.
And a sushi bar with over 30...
About 30...
...and he wishes items.
Looking right straight back in your eyes.
The M.O.Costa also serves New York's steaks, cooked juicy and delicious
just the way you like them and hand-carb-prime rib as well.
And then the weekends for dessert leave room for the M.O.Costa
big, fantastic, obscene 40-inch chocolate fountain
where you can hand it if you're on strawberries, marshmallows, all kinds of decadent treats.
Just sticking right in there.
And now through February 50th, you sure become a celebrate to Chinese New Year
with the M.O.Costa featuring roast duck, crispy chicken, sweetens our fish,
and roasted suckling pig every night.
It's the year of the dog and the kitty can't, too.
The M.O.Costa's weekend being locations to serve you there
in sunrise sunny hours, beach and tempered primes.
Reservations suggested call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22.
Come celebrate Chinese New Year or any other occasion at the M.O.Costa Chinese buffet.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5-6-2-2-8-0.
Back it on!
This is Joe Ball on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority
Neil God!
Let me brag a little bit about what California has accomplished over the last two years.
Together with the help of the legislature and the people, we brought California bankruptcy.
So the day I propose we should eliminate California's system of colleges and universities.
Here's a better way, a smarter way, a more fist-feet responsible way to invest in our future.
Drugs.
I believe in a free market.
I believe in free trade.
So I call up on a federal government to permit drugs.
I say, let the free market work.
Now I want to close here tonight with a story about Senator Asgugye.
One day I ran into her and this building here.
And she told me about her bill to get sex.
And I said to her, I love this idea.
It's great to fire.
Let's do it together.
And we did.
Ah, ah, ah.
Very nice.
So ladies and gentlemen, the state of our state is sound.
Thank you very much and God bless all of you.
Thank you.
Completely five.
Don't forget you can get some tickets at the box office because we don't have any more for you.
Really is going.
At least that didn't take too long.
Did it?
No, it didn't.
Because we got the hockey maven man.
We got the hockey man to make believe expert.
Five six seven oh five sixty.
The best out for the restaurant to close in the last 20 years.
We've added deli then, vines and crates.
They're already finalists and I scratched out lots.
Haven't had a close.
Whatever.
I don't know if it's going to be decided.
I look up at the minerals.
I guess this is going to happen.
I mean, here's an article.
I find an article talking about how it closed and here's another article advertising it and another location.
Yeah.
So I guess there's a.
I guess we can put on their minerals.
Hellendale.
Well, man, it was Hollywood is the one that closed.
Man, it was Hollywood like I said.
Amazing.
Everybody in their brothers got their own website.
I couldn't believe when I looked up lots of internet and there's all kinds of crap on there.
Okay, man, it was Hollywood closed.
It is five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty.
The Verizon seeing it around us line.
Both for Moe at two to four.
Because they're ain't no Moe Moe.
Mad Dog at Hooters the Ralph Ford to six thirty Panther previous six thirty and that was guilty in the silly red deer Randy and then the Panthers and the May Police tonight.
Can the Leafs win again?
No.
Unlikely at seven o'clock 80 K follows the hockey game.
And that kind of ironic that the Leafs and Joe Bowen and Harry Newell are right there in South Florida and sunrise and I'm here in Toronto.
How's it going?
W two a.m.
Hello.
Yeah, no.
Yes, sir.
Couple things for you.
But number one, Doug and it's still open.
It's on the stirring road and Hollywood just west of 95.
But they must have reopened it because well, okay.
Yeah, it's still allowed to.
It's in a great neighborhood by the temple.
And yeah, yeah, my Gordon's is the one that guy.
My Gordon's that's right.
And they could be the Gordon Fisherman.
I don't know.
He was pretty good.
Yeah, and also the one I miss is videos in North Miami Beach.
Vito's is gone right across from where the unicorn used to be too.
Right across from crispy cream.
Right.
You got him any original crispy cream 163.
Yeah, that's correct.
Thanks, pal.
And also what's the what's the diner next to a crispy cream?
The the the angry.
Ham and angry.
Ham and angry.
That's it.
Thanks pal.
All right.
Vito's about to unicorn is going to move to a different spot.
I bet you they're gone.
I'm in the unicorn.
I do.
I bet you remember lots of heaven and other really well because Carol and Romano used to love me and bring me.
Cook up.
She used to cook fresh down the kitchen in the I would be cook up a great storm for me and she would give George nothing.
Nothing right.
Hey, did you like poison?
Apparently.
Well, that's because you're not Jewish.
I see.
Here's one for tomorrow's poll.
It says the English pub.
I'm keep it screen.
Okay, let's put English pub.
I'm making a poll.
I keep saying these things like you're doing something and you guys are probably waiting for lunch.
I don't think we're getting any today.
You're not getting any what about lunch?
No, that either.
Really?
Yeah.
Why is that?
I don't know.
We just never got around to it.
No.
Well, too much pressure with rolling and Miguel all screwed up.
And then of course we got the clearance issues.
We can't get him out of that studio in the morning.
I don't want to talk to you clearance.
Have an eye stay.
It's not personally a good guy.
You're way drowning in a sea of incompetence, but you're a good guy.
Get my checks on time.
That's all I ask for me.
I said nothing.
Nothing.
I don't want to be involved in your programming decisions and any other other machinations there.
Your best stuff, your worst stuff.
Have a good time.
Okay.
Go whisper in the new managers here.
I'm sure you already have Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ya.
Go get them a good song today and it's partying on us.
Right.
God.
So Steve said about it.
Let's see, Mark Gordon-Sifu.
PS, an update on the Book of Daniel NBC candle series.
It says, unfortunately due to many reasons, the Book of Daniel will no longer be aired on
NBC on Friday nights.
This is from the creator of the Book of Daniel Jack Kenny.
He says, I just want to say thank you to whom he supported the show.
There were many wonderful talented people who contributed to its success and I do
in success.
Whatever the outcome, I feel like I accomplished what I set out to do.
A solid family drama with lots of humor that I was to explore lives of the Webster family.
Good flawed people who love each other no matter what.
And there was always a lot of what?
I remain proud of our product.
Proud of my association with Sony, NBC, Universal, and NBC.
You took a chance on my project that spoke to them and proud of made an impact on so many
of your lives.
I don't like that.
No more Book of Daniel.
Two kind of virtual, baby, not far enough right wing, man, even Steve and Harper wouldn't
watch it.
Speaking of fascists.
56670560, 0.566, they've risen in singular, modest line, man.
Now we got something they can sink their teeth into as opposed to the stupid polite that
you came up with.
Yeah, I'm sorry, I did that.
Who is the biggest A-hole in South Florida print media?
631 votes.
There are only two choices there.
Why is that?
I wonder.
Dan LeBaster at 445 and Greg Kotex, 186.
It's like almost 3 to 1 that the LeBaster guys went over there.
And don't forget tomorrow's the biggest setting blog poll there on Greg Kotex and the
Harold on his blog.
He's going to have the best talk show in South Florida.
Is it Dan LeBaster or anybody else at 790?
And the worst is it going to be Hank Goldberg or anybody else at QA.
That's why it's going to be word and I believe.
Now that I think I got it right.
And who would you like to put a bullet through their gut, a fat boy or anybody else?
No, seriously.
Now have you found out if you didn't your homework yet?
Who gave him my email?
And why is it he's starting to email here?
Well, you don't lie.
No, I don't know why.
Why?
I don't know why.
I don't know why.
I don't know why.
Oh, when you say touch the flesh, I'm going on an instant diet.
I'll say one thing, big target.
I'd say, you know, he wants to skin you and why.
I don't want to be anywhere near that tub.
But you know what that reminds me of, speaking of Joe Bowen, you know, that drop in the
little promo he does.
And I remember that there's disgusting, obnoxious cow, Josh Friedman that they sent over there,
and he goes over to the arena.
Oh, I missed him, oh, and he'll ride you.
I think you're really great.
And could I get you to do it?
He already did this one, which is more than enough.
And probably now Joe hates me like poison all the way down it.
But you know, see, let's think about this radio station.
The people that they send out to press the flesh with the public as you just said it.
It just, I mean, would you send Josh Friedman out to represent you unless you wanted to piss somebody off?
No comment.
My God.
Just the aroma from that rotting flesh.
Just the mouth about drive them on.
Oh, my God.
And as a matter of fact, he's the same thing to my good close friend, Ray.
Ray, Ray.
A way witness, be gonna hockey.
Remember that?
I do.
Ray called me at home to apologize because Josh would be like, oh, no, I, I, I, I charled him around and he started running the other way as soon as I mentioned your name.
Oh, as soon as he smelled you, Josh Friedman, that's when Ray started going the other direction.
Hey, stop interrupting Josh Corte when he wants to say something, would you?
So, James.
No, I was just gonna say, speaking of Josh Friedman, I got a report that, because you know, he's on 790 now.
Oh, yeah.
He's good.
He enmatched in heaven, man.
He was interviewing OJ over the weekend.
And so it's their big deal, I guess.
They're making a big deal.
Oh.
790's got OJ on.
And you know something?
I think they ought to put them on the air every day.
They already tried that one time.
Yeah, get them on the air every day.
Then you won't have one sponsor.
You won't have like five listeners except the group he's from.
We used to be at QAM.
Screw in and Greg.
And Sam.
Well, you know what that is?
That's desperation.
Just like this thing with Greg Cotex.
It's Max of real desperation.
Maybe Joe Feinberg's daddy's gonna cut off the funds to, you know, continue funding his kids hobby.
I want to be a sports radio owner.
I want to be a sports executive, you know.
Kind of like Greg Reed was being financed by the beesleys all that time.
I forgot that's where he's at consultant.
1242 at 560 WDQL.
When you're shopping for shoes, where do you go?
You go to Brandy shoes and pop a little beach if you have a half a brain.
Because Brandy's has the most comfortable fit waiting for you.
Your favorite style of shoes it unbeatable prices.
All the top names.
And Brandy's carries a fantastic selection.
So whatever style you pick out, you know it's on the shelf in your size waiting to slap on your fat feet.
They got rock pour, four shine, echo, new balance, Mephisto, SAS, all the top names.
And the professional shoe fitters at Brandy's, so make sure you have a customized fit or your favorite comfort shoe.
This has for Arnie.
He'll take real good care of you.
Brandy's even specialized in wide widths as well.
Brandy's worth a trip from just about anybody in town for comfort style fit, venue, win selection.
It's Brandy shoes.
Be sure to come that Berkeley extension.
She's not with us anymore, but just mention her name for last.
Brandy shoes at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach.
Open daily Monday through Saturday till 9 Sunday till 5.
And this week is another spectacular week to shop at Brandy's because
men's and women's spirit top sizes are a great value at 10 to 20 bucks off the regular price.
Only this week and only at Brandy's shoes in Prestige's Pompino Beach.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 A.
And a lollipop little boy.
Hey everybody, I'm brown and brown.
Accountable for everybody, brown and brown.
That's a human being.
I'll make this a point, but I got a brown nose.
And I know where to point it.
There was no rules to get them saved.
They don't vote for public in any way.
I did everything.
I possibly can.
They sure might support for the club's plan.
Oh, what a job I had.
The rector of peace must win.
I'm a chore.
They know we should be sneaker and a clueless son of a bitch.
Get your skigs, brown nose and the bridge.
Get your skigs, brown nose and the bridge.
New wall jeans is wiped out and gone.
But W said I did one heck of a job.
And it sure pays off.
To be a crown in another white maize.
The Christian, founding the National Guard is down there now.
We thought it was just a gift of press out of town.
Everybody go home.
There's nothing to see.
Everything here is painting paint over Hurricane gave us the big E.C.
For de-o-front social, here's to nearing like a giant read public in tweaking.
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King.
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King.
I don't believe compassion is what we like.
It serves the right to have less blacks.
And you descend to say it's a national disgrace.
They shouldn't have a black.
In the first place, this is no time to blame the blame games.
Since we know that every danger caused by games who are not the right gunna...
...like Scottie McLean and Carlos Vomu.
We're achieving the America's right wing dream.
To make everybody right like me.
And the ignorance of a bit.
To get to the job ground, loosen the risk.
How I miss heading back to the old lady in horses.
I'd rather do that than watch floating horses on the negligent vertebrae now.
And I'll keep going down to keep my nose brown.
I'm a negligent vertebrae now.
But I'll keep going down to keep my nose brown.
12.40 in an all-joice radio, WQAM.
Federal emergencies. That's the reason I play that right now. Plus I like brownie brown.
I ain't got a job, brownie.
How do I do like it? I just brownie every now and then.
I just hot brownies just start to be having a nice step hand.
And then of course there's always fudge.
Like that too.
Do you know that at the Fallsview casino and I were falls?
They have a shop that, well I mean it's a candy shop, but there's speciality.
In fact they're making it right there in front of you as fudge.
All right.
Remember fudge brown with it often?
Right. I've watched a fudge being made in North Carolina.
And let me ask you this, what can brown do for you?
Lots.
Federal emergency official scowler were stepped off as if possibly life-saving aid
from the Department of Interior immediately after Hurricane Katrina.
According to documents obtained by these certainly not news that were CNN and N.
They certainly not see network.
Who are doing international news right now and trying to fake you out?
Still ahead.
Yeah, right.
The Interior Department offered the FEMA people.
The use of personnel who were experienced in water rescues and also offered boats, helicopters, heavy equipment and rooms that I can say.
All of these things.
Right. Well why would they want that?
Senator Susan Collins, a real winder, Republican for Maine.
Sheer will be sent a committee over Jewish education over the Department of Homeland Security and FEMA.
Said the additional resources may have saved lives.
Well we don't want to save those dark folks.
Certainly not the bush people.
Everyone that died is one less vote for the Democrats.
It is indeed possible that there might have been a yadi-adi-adi-adi.
Her panel, the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, is holding hearings today.
Looking at these search and rescue response to Katrina.
Pathetic. Pathetic.
Not to mention, of course, your friend Ray Nogginhead.
I better play that in the minute. I haven't played that today.
Even though you don't like it.
I like it a lot.
A spokesman for Homeland Security, which includes FEMA says the Bush Administration is examining how to better utilize federal and other resources and catastrophe.
We got a catastrophe. I'll write his name as George Bush and Dick Cheney.
And here I'm on Gary Rumsfeld.
All of these Nazis.
Buddy observed where federal assets that were not used in Katrina.
Of course he said.
I see.
The Interior Department had offered FEMA 500 rooms, 119 pieces of heavy equipment, 300 dumb trucks, other vehicles, 300 votes, 11 aircraft, 400 law enforcement officers.
We don't need that.
I might save 7M of dark folks. We don't want that.
No, no. We don't want to be doing that.
Too many darkies in New Orleans. Too many chocolate people.
They don't vote Democrat. Let them drown.
I mean they don't vote Republican. Whatever it is.
Let's see. It's three for the pool.
My pie on sunny house boulevard.
Is that 20 years? That seems to me. It's a long time ago.
My pie, your ass.
My pie. I'll put it on there.
The charta. The Hungarian charta. That was a landmark.
In North Miami. You know where it was?
No. It was also where Rocky Ratsiani's was right across the street.
On Biscayne Boulevard in North Miami. It says on Dixie Highway.
It was not on Dixie Highway. It was on Biscayne Boulevard.
Get it right, you clown.
Oh! And Mr. Coney Island on 163rd Street.
Anybody that votes for that, man. You, uh, oh.
Didn't we work with somebody whose father owned that place?
Yeah, we did. Forget who it was.
Okay. Right?
Now we put in fast food joints out here too.
Oh, no.
Yeah, why not? And Rudy's hamburger is, that was great.
We've been through that a million times.
Yes, we have. It was too good for South Florida.
That's why a lot of crap places stay open.
And some places good as Rudy's long gone.
Now that was excellent.
Those were like gourmet hands.
In fact, wasn't that what it's called?
Gourmet, a Rudy's gourmet crap?
Right.
I think it was.
Mr. Coney Island, if there was ever a filthy restaurant that,
oh my god, you walked in there and the schmuch was like hanging from the ceiling was so bad.
Somebody we worked with is daddy owned it.
Okay.
He said my daddy owned it and then said I'm trying to get him killed.
5670560, pond 56 in the Verizon Singular wireless lines.
On a day that will live in infamy at all Joyce radio.
W.C.Y.N. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I got a couple of restaurants for Neil.
Okay, what are they?
There's a bunch of them.
I got here.
I got flippers on this game.
I got that guy with the call in before that place was called Mitch's steak ranch.
Not Mitch's steakhouse.
Right, Mitch's steak ranch.
Right.
There was freeze right next to Mitch's steak ranch.
What was it?
Yeah, I'm told I want to get you up to speakers.
It was called Curry's.
And what was the other one I said?
I thought that was about like Gordon's other restaurant was called the fish peddler.
Fish peddler, I remember that.
Okay, then there was the other one that Neil used to talk about.
There was on this can 120 fish trees, the Chinese place.
Oh, that's still there, though.
All right, I'll talk to you later.
Thanks, Polly.
Can you remember we mentioned that a few months ago we talked about restaurants, that Chinese play.
I can't think of what the hell name of this.
So many restaurants in so little time.
I guess I could be rocky right to the end of the year.
I guess.
All right.
Maybe more than 20 years, but we're no, we don't even nitpick.
Okay.
20 years, maybe even.
About 30, man.
I just, I just want to go back to all the real old ones like the needles on Alton Road, which is great.
And the turf pub.
And what was the Italian restaurant there on South Beach?
Oh, gee, whatever it was.
I don't know.
Place where Jim Alton tried to give me to go home with him.
Sorry, Jim.
I think he's dead.
I talked about that.
He tried to first, he tried to pick up the waiter.
And the metador working, they like, was begging me to go home with him.
Sorry, Jim.
At any point did he try to pick up the tab?
No, that was me.
I never, I never very seldom do I wind up going to meals where the other person picks up the tent.
Unless, let's see, Tom Jicke, because it's on the Sunsettinal tab.
So that a couple times he bought me lunch.
And, you know, and if it's the course somebody we work for, well, that goes without saying, you know.
Right.
Now Joe Bell, his thing is, what's the barbecue place there by the, uh, that they built the metro rail for?
Sonny's barbecue.
Oh, good.
Because I told him I said, I'm not going to lunch with you if you're a sushi guy like our, your predecessor.
No, his thing is, uh, Sonny's barbecue.
No, I don't know.
Do they have other ones beside that one down there that they built the metro for real for in Kendall?
No, that's a one right shorties.
But Sonny's, I think.
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm shorties.
I think that's what he did say.
I added on one of those barbecue.
Which I definitely don't eat barbecue.
It's for guy in many way.
I don't eat that.
So I guess I'm not going to be going lunch with Joe.
Maybe I'll go to lunch with Joyce.
There you go.
Oh, that boy.
You know, you know something.
I just had a vision.
And, of course, I hate to do this.
It's still lunch hour for a lot of people.
I just had a vision of my going to lunch with Joyce.
And I get up in the middle of the lunch and drop my pants and squat on top of the table right where her food is.
And just drop an enormous Joyce right there in front of her purse.
I would just love to do that.
She's the Antichrist.
She has no clue.
She's in so far overhead that she's drowning.
She has no concept of the FCC of farce of anything.
And in the meantime, we have to like, oh yes, Joyce.
So whatever you're, you know, this is the beastlies for you, man.
Bringing somebody who is eminently and totally unqualified, who is positively unacceptable to everybody.
And make her the head cheese.
In fact, she smells like head cheese is what I'm told.
That's what Greg said.
That's the head only.
Now, only at the head.
You know what they say?
If the fish thinks it's a head.
Oh, look out.
Look out now.
648 votes on our very important and prestigious poll today, which I'm really a shock with you people.
Who's the biggest A-hole in South Florida print media?
A two horse race only.
There's even two horse races, like a match race between Ruffian and Foolish Pleasure.
Remember Ruffian broke down?
No.
Wait, Filly?
No.
Even you remember that?
No.
You know?
No.
Don't start with that horse racing.
It's crap.
It's an attempt to sabotage the show you enough fool of me.
Seriously, Foolish Pleasure and Ruffian, they see the Filly broke down.
I know, but Foolish Pleasure and the whole race are great.
He's a great Ruffian.
That was sad.
Speaking of sad, Dan Labasher, 464, and Greg Cotex, 190, not even closing.
This is Daniel Rogers.
This is 5.69 A-hole.
This is Gelleries.
And you know, more would be listening to her in junior ages or one two hours.
Mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm.
Who's not like the Mora?
Yes, and everything is the way God wants it to be.
He wants to take the city and cover it in sleep.
Rainy and tan.
Rainy and tan.
Rainy and tan.
Rainy and tan.
Curse he wants to make a new or a least piece of music.
And I don't care what people are saying.
I'm like Jesse Jackson.
We as Black people.
His calmness out his eyes.
Surely God is mad.
He compares the vocals to a willy on the bottom.
Chocolate and tan.
Yes, Rainy and tan.
Rainy and tan.
Where's he wants to make a new or a least piece of music?
It's time for us to come together.
It's time for us to rebuild a new world as the one that should be.
Uptown, all the way, ever they all.
This city will be chocolate.
A chocolate new horse.
He never takes the blame.
Three things.
Chocolate at the end of the day.
That chocolate ends and costs the end of all one.
All that's Rainy and tan.
Rainy and tan.
No, I can't.
Rainy and tan.
He wants to make a new or a least piece of music.
You can't have your or this is no other way.
It wasn't in the wall.
It just wouldn't be in the or it's against one.
Did you watch CNN?
No, I didn't.
And Al is going to be showing a new tape today.
And guess who it's for the new message for the rest of the world?
No.
Al is our hero.
I'm in the diamond.
Another Al.
And then after that, they're going to fall for the Al Franken, Al Goldstein, and Al Rosen.
Al is a white hero.
He's a white hero.
Oh, well, I think we may have gotten him.
Well, guess what?
Remember that's a drone, a drone, and they dropped in a bomba, and they kill all those innocent people?
See.
Hey, and of course we thought,
Sam, well, I need to drink now.
What?
I'm gagging.
God punishing me again for being an anti-bush.
No, they lied about it.
And well, the first report we think he was in there.
He was having dinner, and they was having a couple of cheeseburgers, bacon cheeseburgers, of course, trief.
And while he wasn't in there, but some evil derives, we're going to find out that a whole bunch of innocent people got killed.
This is, like I told you, long time ago, emancipation by elimination, by disamation, by evisoration.
That's what we're doing.
We're a killer.
So he's still alive, and he's still making rattling and spirit and making threatening messages.
And he's still running around all over Baghdad and all over Iraq, and then of course, what's his name?
Osama Yaman was without sin.
And who might have even out?
Oh, and Mula Bula Omar, we even forgot about him.
Remember Mula Bula Omar, the tent maker?
Forget about him.
You almost already forgot about him.
Remember Mula Omar?
Oh, yeah.
What about him?
He's still running around.
I see.
Rattling his spirit.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Oh, I'm still making rattling.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I got two for your poll.
Okay.
Both in Fort Lauderdale.
But down under?
Down under, and?
And Pisano's.
I'm Las Olas.
Pisano's.
So fast.
Was it really?
Oh, the best.
He was ready.
Yes, and he moved to Pompo-No, and Daly's just out fishing right here.
But is it P-A-I-S-A-N-O?
P-I-S-A-N-O-S, I think.
No.
P-A-I-S, Pisano.
Well, whatever.
I was the original bartender at the Dowl under.
Really?
Yeah, 1969.
We opened.
Holy moly.
Well, things ain't never going to be the same, man.
Is Tina Spaghetti House still there?
Tina's God.
Oh, God.
I'll cross the street from dirty earnings.
Right.
Is it like gone?
No, I'll put it.
I think it's still there.
Okay, good luck to you, Palli.
And get a rest.
We always asked about Tina's spaghetti.
You don't remember where that was?
It was on Las Olas.
I don't.
Huh?
I don't.
It wasn't on Las Olas.
It was on whatever.
On a way to the 17th week, we caused a way.
What is that?
What is that?
Highway.
Anyway, Tina was like a landmark there.
It wasn't all that great.
But it was a landmark, kind of like Mushi's beginning.
56670560.
Pound 560 and they've arrived in Singular wireless line.
Now the fact that some of these restaurants are gone, maybe benefit to mankind.
Maybe that's why some of you people are still alive.
Oh, what about the, what you call it?
What do you call it?
Oh, no.
The one where there's still a 104-load of there by the Gateway Theatre,
but the one in Plantation closed by me and Davey there?
It's Davey, actually.
The Italian restaurant.
Come on.
I'm thinking there's one that's really good, but this one was even better.
And they sold out.
Got me.
Davey on the University Drive in Davey for quite a while.
Well, somebody will know.
Not Illemolino.
There it is, really.
Illemolino and Davey.
Now, why do you say not Illemolino?
Because I thought they were still open for some reason.
The one in four lottery was open, but the Davey one is long gone, man.
Long gone.
All of we still got what you call it.
What do you call it?
We still got, at least I think we still got whatever they put.
Is it two jays?
Maybe they're going to have like two or more.
Maybe they'll have on OJ from two jays.
Remember I told you about two jays that time I went there?
I think it was like a year ago December.
And it was sensational.
And the owner or whoever it was, the manager, he knew me and seated me and greeted me and squeezed me and everything else.
And then of course, come to find out.
The person from the agency up there in Palm Beach or somewhere hates me like poison.
Probably a right wing bitch.
And that's why they would advertise.
Because I like two jays a lot when they advertise or not.
It's great.
You told me you were there.
Two jays?
Yeah.
No, Josh, I've been there.
Oh, you've never been there?
I have not.
Oh my God, it's excellent, baby.
It's fantastic.
Well, one of these days.
And they got an omelet there.
I forget what they call it.
It's got everything on it, like the...
Everything but the kitchens sink, omelet with all the good stuff and sausage and all.
Man, just a die for.
Even go ahead and get it there.
Go ahead and get it.
I'm going to get it.
I'm going to get it.
I'm going to get it.
I'm going to get it.
I'm going to get it.
I'm going to get it.
I'm going to get it.
I'm going to get it.
I'm going to get it.
Wouldn't that be great?
Maybe that's why there has a takin' in Palpatine.
Maybe that's why we got this revolving door thing until Mad Dog gets his life squared away.
Of course, it will only be working about 30 days a year, but that's okay.
Not 30, man.
Jim Mad is two to six starts next Monday afternoon on QA, and that's when we're starting right now.
And then, then they will fear us.
Oh, there's the tape.
And he starts out on this tape.
We're going to turn the sound down on it because we still have to fully vet this...
We have to vet it, yeah.
But he starts out when he's speaking about the airstrikes on Pakistan.
Just a moment later, though, you recall that those are CIA airstrikes that were targeting him, in fact.
He lists the name of the city where the attack took place, the region of the country of Pakistan, and that 18 were killed.
And you'll see that behind him, there is nothing distinguishing there, nothing to indicate where he might be, nothing distinguishing at all.
And is that...
Nothing distinguishing is a black background for a crime out loud.
Hmm.
Nothing distinguishing, you know what I'm saying?
Something that's really fantastic, the insight that you get from watching CNN, man.
They pass along such insightful, fantastic information that you couldn't notice with an A.K.I.
That he's standing in front of a completely black background where they, Schmacka, on his head, looking 100% healthy, and with his old beard,
like an old Getski with a bad, the Schmacka on his head, and that's it.
I'm in the parliament, I was a Bahiri.
I oughta put him back in a slimmer and Egypt where he belongs.
Right, kid.
5670560, pound 56, and they've arrived in singular wireless line.
I forgot about that, the Leafs panther game, and I put a lot of pressure now.
Oh, I don't think I want to watch.
Could be really eugly.
WQA and Hello.
Not there, they've all been eugly lately. WQA and Hello.
Yeah, team is to get it out.
Oh, okay, good.
WQA and Hello.
QA and.
Any old mad dog, they'd mentioned that he was going to make a phone call, perhaps do the two to stick.
And then what I don't know what that means.
What does that mean?
Make a phone call.
Okay, well, let me tell you what, we've cheated that for a little background here.
Okay, the week before that, yeah, the thing that the person that should be on from two to six is somebody that you like,
because that way you're not going to do it or not of existence.
And so I don't know.
I mean, he said that I didn't do it or do anybody out of existence.
He do it or himself out of existence, okay?
Well, but he said that the person that should be on from two to six is someone that kneeled like.
Because kneel is the one who is going to make sure that he just stick around or not.
That's what mad dog said.
And then what?
That's unfortunate that he said that, because there's nothing to be further from the truth.
Well, that's what he said.
And then last week he did say he was talking with Curtis back and forth.
So he didn't know.
And he said, well, Curtis, maybe I'll make a phone call about that two to six hour.
And the first thing I thought kneel was, kneel with love that.
Yeah.
I know you like the mad dog.
He's very angry.
Okay, I have a great thing.
See, that's not like Steve Nicholaw over again.
You know, kneel won't like it as if whoever is on there.
You know, when you've got somebody on there who's alienated everybody in the audience
and everybody else on the radio station, they're probably not going to get too much of an effort.
Like a 1.1 sounds realistic to me.
You know what I'm saying?
But again, I'm taking these, I don't know what he said.
Always taking with 10 greens of salt ones from your audience.
Absolutely.
I mean, absolutely.
In addition to which, who was the one who said that he ought to be on Doomsday 6?
How many weeks ago, how many years ago did I tell you that?
That he ought to be doing to visit?
And that's before this latest half with the mole and everything before that.
I said that a long time ago as you recall.
As soon as they put Hank out in the morning, which was a, well, I was what it was.
You know, see all of this stuff that's going on now, it all comes out of one thing.
You know, in a Greg Reed and the worst team, you know, blowing that thing up
because Joe was going to go to Channel 6 full time.
So let's get pissed off.
Sorry, everybody.
We got nobody else to put on now.
And then of course, we went through all the incarnations.
We had Ross Hirsey and Carolyn and the, whatever that morning, Zoom mess, whatever they call that.
And then the D.Fo show, which Dimmer even got canceled before it started,
because he was busy, Divelin with the Indians over there.
And just on and on.
One mistake after another.
Greg broke into a million pieces.
The Greg Reed Humpty Dumpty Morning Show.
And so since then, this station has been trying to recover and put its pieces back together again
because we don't have a morning show.
That's why, even now we don't have a morning show.
Morning shows are not like five to seven, seven to ten, even though both the sports stations seem to think so.
That's not a morning show.
A morning show is six and a more until 10 a.m.
When you agree, I'm sorry, I wasn't listening.
Yeah.
So I understand you got to cover your ass.
You don't want to like evenly make this guy like you pissed off Greg Reed by seeing his kid was idiot.
That's not how I did it.
Oh, how'd you do it?
I said this place is a madhouse.
I don't understand how it operates.
Oh, well, all you had to do it was show up because you weren't one of his people.
That's right.
Anybody that wasn't one of Greg's inner circle and he didn't hire, he hates them.
I put everybody else has to go.
And usually people are very insecure.
They surround themselves with their own lemmings, their own suckups.
People are very insecure because they know basically they're like that.
Greg.
If you're in a dead end job speaking of George, if you're underpaid speaking of Josh and George,
if you knew your resolution is a high-pink career, then you better act now.
Pick up that phone and call.
By the way, Josh, how's your erase coming?
Oh, I hear it's coming.
In other words, nothing is what you're saying.
Pretty much.
So again, instead of coming in there in the morning and hockin with me and aggravating and agitating,
and this make believe a little kid program director.
And the only reason he's there is because the UM basketball getting around it is a home game
and out on the road, he'd be long gone.
Instead of that, what is the deal with take care of business?
Okay, take care of business.
It's about time, Josh, Darryl, you idiot.
You civilized.
Let's start taking care of beeswax, baby, and stop out of aloney.
Although I do like Hebrew National.
I'll be lowly skinned like animal tasteless.
I like a nice salami, like a genoa salami.
Anyway, if you want to get a high-paying career, if that's one of your news,
the resolution is to find a life.
I have no life.
Pick up the phone and call Fast Train right now, toll free at 866-FAST-TRAIN.
That gets the train ready for a new high-paying career.
Just a few short months, that's all it takes.
Just a few short months out of your life, and all of a sudden you can be a man.
You can have a big fat paycheck on payday and do the things you want to do.
The demand for medical coding specialists and computer professionals right now is at an all-time high.
And Fast Train offers convenient day, evening and weekend classes.
Job placement assistance financially for people to qualify.
Pick up the phone and call them.
866-FAST-TRAIN.
They placed over 100 people just like you in 2005.
They need to be less spread than you are.
If that's possible.
Check Fast Train on the web at fastrain.com.
But act now because classes are phoned up fast.
Don't miss the train of opportunity this year.
Get yourself a real career and a real income that goes along with having some skills.
Call 866-FAST-TRAIN and be sure and tell them that Todd Dreck told you to call 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.6.2.8.
Alright.
And now, another verse of some Liberty poetry.
Jessica Simpson and Nick Lyshay no longer together was sad to say.
She so beautiful till she opened her mouth giving pause and embarrassment to those from the south.
To love her forever was what Nick planned and to have another hit with his shloky boy band.
We thought Jess was smart till the day that she announced that chickens came from the sea.
Their talent not special no Vincent Van Gogh, but we shall miss their ridiculous newlywed show.
The sadness is deep and we all feel remorse that this Hollywood couple will seek a divorce.
No more TV variety shows, no more Daisy Duke shorts right under Nick's nose.
The pretty couple together no more, their IQ together added up to just four.
Jess will sing and act on her own and wonder if in Meet Love there is a bone.
The world will be different that we must say, because Jessica Simpson left Nick Lyshay.
This has been another verse of celebrity poetry.
Maybe I can illustrate in the mad dog out on something.
Who's going to succeed in the afternoon from Tudor whenever somebody who the audience likes.
What a concept.
Ah, you're sounding crazy again.
Yeah, right. What a crazy concept.
Somebody the audience likes.
Not somebody that I like.
Somebody the audience likes.
Remember how you just throw it?
How you're here by not supporting it?
That's right.
I just throw everybody.
I'm always the convenience scapegoer like Joey Reynolds.
Everybody who comes down the pike.
Dickie Farco, you name it.
Exxon mobile sets profit record.
Thank you, Exxon mobile and the Saudis and the Bin Laden's and the Bushes for those love bargain basement gas prices.
Exxon mobile said US records for annual and quarterly profits today is at easily top 4th quarter earnings forecast.
They're raping the public, raping you folks.
The nation's largest oil company reported it and come in the 4th quarter of $10.7 billion compared to $8.4 billion in the year before.
Excluding items.
Exxon mobile earned $10.3 billion in a book 65 a share, but it would put them up.
Their net income.
Let's see some that might be interesting.
While oil and gas prices in the 4th quarter were down from the level of the same in September.
That barely did the Exxon mobile's top line.
Revenue for the quarter was $99.7 billion up from $81.9 billion in the year earlier quarter.
And only 1% from $100.7 billion in the 3rd quarter when they were really raping you like crazy.
How do you like that?
Just raping the public like wildfire and voice and chaining all day.
What did I tell you?
The very first minute they went into Iraq.
What did I say?
It's about two things.
M-O-N-E-Y-O-I-L.
Not necessarily that order.
And you recall that disgusting scene in Furnite 9-11 where that businessman is given the lecture that is seminared all these other graver arms.
Oh, once they open up the oil, what that oil starts flowing.
There's going to be big money for all of us and you better be there to exploit it and capitalize it.
Yeah, we're going to die.
It will be good for business.
Right.
It will be bad for the people but good for business.
Remember that one guy said sorry to say it will be bad for people the ones who are still alive and the good for business.
Because just like the guy said in one of the great movies of all time in Spetta Josh Curtis being an idiot.
One of the great movies, The World is a business Mr. Beal.
That's the most important part of that movie right there.
Yeah, there's some good lines in that movie.
They knew we're snorting them obviously otherwise you would have enjoyed it.
God, what is wrong with you?
That scene in the ITT boardroom in the dark room and here's Howard Beal with that ghost like face sitting at the one end.
There's Ned Baby at the other end.
Ranting and raving and pounding on the table and then he stops and says, am I getting treated Mr. Beal?
Oh, God.
Remember he says I could sell anything.
Too bad we don't have him working in our sales department.
Yeah, it's too bad.
Iraq and you went health officials said today a 15 year old rural who died this month was a victim of the deadly age five and one.
Oh my God.
Straighten to the verb flu virus.
The first confirmed case of disease in the Middle East.
See this is how the God works man.
He's getting really poked at all this crap.
I went how much one I've election the other day.
That really set him off.
Because you do realize that God is Jewish.
That's right.
Test were underway to determine if the girls uncle who lived in the same house also died of the virus.
He died 10 days later after suffering.
You see the goyem they took the same God but it wouldn't have been original by just keep it at.
So they had to invent the Jesus thing.
Because he was also a Jewish but nevertheless they had to have like their own character.
Because every religion is about to have like a major character.
Whether it's like Muhammad or Buddha or Joseph Smith or Joseph Smith.
Joseph Cotton whoever my being and his brother Cotton Baton.
They call them I mean I realize I'm 100 years old but have you ever heard anybody say that in the last 50 years Cotton Baton?
Not lately.
He heard Cotton matter.
Yeah. He's not the Indians by the way.
How is Cotton Baton?
About 341 I heard.
He ain't no Bobby Ovela.
Iraq health authorities became killing domestic birds in northern Iraq which borders Turkey.
Or at least 21 cases of deadly virus have been detected.
Today we started a campaign to kill birds in three towns said the Accuracy and Health Minister.
We have committees to do so.
Another Kurdistan health ministry said official said thousands of domesticated birds expected to be killed.
But authorities aren't equipped to kill migratory birds.
He said we don't know how to kill them.
Well let me give you an idea.
There's a hint.
Okay.
Send everybody out on a shooting party.
Give Dick Taney and Judge Scalia in there.
They'll they'll take care of it.
They can go out Duck Hunt and H5N1 virus hunt in that same time.
Right.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Probably a Zid and other restaurants need to be on this pole.
But since I'm the one that's got to write this crap out, I'm taking my time.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Two A-M.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Tina's unfortunately is gone.
Tina's spaghetti house is gone.
Yeah, we were on federal highway there.
That's federal highway right there before the 17th street crossway.
Yeah, right.
They have the same guy owns Ernie's and Ernie's barbecue across the street and the Floridian.
Uh-huh.
And I guess you got tired of losing all that money there.
Tina's totally right.
I can't tell you why.
I've read it off for so long.
Okay, thanks.
Sounds pretty depressed.
What's that other place that I afford a lot of dialogue?
I just had it on the tip of my tongue when he said Tina's and it just looked by mine.
So many.
So many.
Now what about all the great new places?
Oh, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 and leave a rise in singular wireless lines.
We got one great new place, terrorist taking love here.
In fact, we got this spot coming later and I'm going to get my magnifying glass out for a two-troy.
You idiot.
You notice how that change real fast?
How somebody we got some action on that?
Yeah, see?
Just like that.
Nothing.
Just like Josh Cordis' razor, the same thing.
The things that we need.
Give us what we need.
What do you do it?
Can you do it?
No.
Are you willing to try to do it?
No.
No, they won't do it.
They won't do it.
And as far as all the other stuff is concerned, you know, it's the old...
Have you ever seen an intersection where they...
I'm sure you have, especially with all the hurricanes.
Where they have a traffic cop directing traffic?
Yeah.
Because the signal is out.
And the traffic cop is giving it a sign.
Either this stops sign with a hand up or the motion like...
Come ahead, you know.
Right?
And what we get is we get both hands.
Usually it's at least one stuck in our...
But we get on the one hand.
Come ahead.
Okay.
And then the other hand is like held up in the air.
So it's like...
It's got both hands.
We get the red light green light syndrome.
Well, at least it's red.
Yes, it's really red.
26 after one already, I got...
I wonder if I should face this, Eric, we should start this thing now.
Because this other one I think the verdict's in.
Yeah?
The verdict.
I don't care what anybody says.
I thought this poll was cute.
There's a message in your paper list.
Like Joey says, we sent a message over to the hero.
And across the street.
And a Greg Kotex and his buddy, Daniel Obastard.
Oh, you're gonna see, we're gonna get that needle all whipped up.
And we're gonna...
You know something?
Like I said, people listen to what they like.
This reminds me of a conversation I had with Tim Williams at Zeta.
It was all bent out of shape with me because I had those huge members in the morning on the morning show.
And the rest of the day they couldn't draw flies to a Joyce pile.
It wasn't because I didn't love the music they were playing with because the audience hated their music.
It was because PD, the tweeter, Volger was the program director.
Programming music from hell.
You know, after you hear CCR for the 4,000 time, enough is enough PD, okay?
And it's the same thing.
Everywhere I go, it's the same thing.
If Neil would just support me at Chuck Meyer the morning show on I would eat it.
That sucked lemons.
Remember that?
Oh, a lot of work went into that show.
Oh yeah, if Neil would have just supported it a lot more.
He had had a 40 share there in the morning, Chuck Meyer.
It's always Neil Dunham.
Remember those t-shirts we had?
Yeah.
What's Neil's fault that?
Mm-hmm, and did it?
Yeah.
The rain's bad, Neil's fault.
If you dog peas on a carpet, Neil's fault.
If you have like a bad hemorrhoid, pops, Neil's fault.
Somebody gets fired at some station in Tucson, Arizona, must be Neil's fault.
Right?
Right, order the truck.
Move 15 grand, Neil's fault.
This is Neil Roger.
Oh god, this is 5.62 AF.
He's so sad.
And nothing brings him down.
Is there a psycho?
No.
He's got the biggest ego all around.
And then no.
Donald just tell you, you.
You got the two, two, two, all but so sad to kill the one, trio.
Who I can see I'm standing there on the attack within the turning of the game.
Please stay thinking let's read.
For the day comes the day.
Go ahead and draw.
You're fairing.
Donald Trump.
Don't leave a job.
Leave a Donald Trump.
Go for it in our pool.
Tomato or tomato.
Paper or plastic.
Rational or spastic.
1.31 at 5.60 W.Q. I'm sorry.
I lied.
I did try to fast the new pool to Eric and then the paper got like side lawn.
I just stopped.
Damn it.
Yeah, it did.
I already jammed on it.
Kind of tasty.
Anyway, so I'll rewrite it and send them a little later on.
Whatever there's no emergency, we got such a good pull up there going right now.
And this is tomorrow's anyway.
I thought we'd like you to start from the QM Head Start program, but the joy.
A high school senior who was transferred to an alternative school is punishment for
parodying his principal on the internet.
It's still in the district arguing it violated his freedom of speech.
Justin Layshock had used his grandma's computer in the website MySpace.com to create a
phony profile under the principal's name and photo.
The site asked questions and Justin filled in answers peppered with the vulgarities, fat jokes, and the question,
what did you do on your life's worth?
I had the response to direct to remember a quarter of the lawsuit filed on Justin's behalf by the ACLU.
School officials were to be used.
The question the teenager about the southeastern 21st is in Pittsburgh, by the way.
And he apologized to the principal, but not enough.
On January 6th, the district suspended Justin for 10 days, transferred him to an alternative
program typically reserved for students with behavior or attendance problems, according to the lawsuit.
He also was banned from school events, including tutoring and graduation ceremonies.
I guess he won't be tinkering on the panel like Emil Hirsch in imaginary heroes.
I guess you noticed that at the end of the movie that scene.
I did.
About how he's a step further there, half brother, whatever he is, puts his hand on his shoulder and like,
you know what I said?
I did.
Just a quick, just a quick little concept.
That was a message.
That was a message, right?
Yeah, that's it.
There was a message in there.
It wasn't subtle.
Don't have to embellish it with real subtle gay.
That's why that last, I told you that last little scene there was not necessary, but I can see why they did it.
Something was slow.
Well, to make you feel a little bit better, you know.
And give you an idea of what was to come.
I mean, they could have just ended it right there at the graduation.
No.
Yeah, well, I thought that was going to happen.
You know, he was playing a piano.
Right, right.
You knew that was going to be the end of the scene.
That was good though.
Right.
It was good they went beyond that because most movies they do that.
And we fade to black and here come the credits.
You think, oh, come on.
Give me a little, a little more.
Something.
A little something.
Emil.
In this critical alasimaster, Justin's opportunities to gain admission to college may be irreproably damaged.
I'll be close to a little internet prank.
According to the lawsuit, Penn State University notified Justin that state pen that is application
to put on a registration a hold and ask for more information about the suspension suspended acceptance.
It is unknown how or why the university received this information since it's supposed to be confidential under the federal student privacy laws.
The lawsuit says, I assume they're asked for about 10 million.
Okay.
Do it now.
The lawsuit filed in US district court in Pittsburgh, seems just since immediate reinstabilment.
The hearing is going on today for a temporary order not to excuse it, but school officials need to understand that they're not parents.
Well, I said school officials can't reach into parents homes and tell them how to raise their kids.
Okay.
A little prank.
Okay.
So the teacher was a father.
The principal was a fat, slavid, and moron.
He's probably right.
Just like some of the people we got in our sales department, I'm saying.
After who gave him my email address?
Well, I don't think we'll ever know.
Maybe we'll have to post a bout.
I'd like to put a bounty on his ass by the pound.
I don't know if I can afford it.
Burlesconi, one of another big crook man, all the crooks that run in the world.
Abushing chainy, got those Saudi ragheads.
Sylvia Burlesconi, Italian Prime Minister, maybe the biggest crook in the world in a matter of fact.
It's famous for his ambitious promises, but he's unlikely to be called a task if he breaks his latest pledge.
Not to have sex before the April 9th general election.
I'll see in the old days before George, I could have said he's not going to have a...
...s**t soon before the election.
But I can't say that now.
See?
I said, no, because they're saying, okay, come ahead with the one hand and then the stop sign goes up with the other one.
But I mean, but I don't like that.
Don't say that and don't squeeze your cheeks.
Okay, whatever you say.
And you know the ironic part of it is, when was the last time that that was an issue on this show?
Have any of us been belly-ickened and we can't do this?
And when we talk about that, you know, we've been going along as best we can under very difficult circumstances.
And that's it.
We're not the ones who raised those issues.
See what I'm saying?
What do you say?
I'm saying I'm not happy about it.
I'm disgusted, grossed out.
And a party rally in Sardinian Saturday, Burlesconi, the media tycoon, received the blessing of television preacher
Meso-Milliano Puskelu, Puskelu, what an extreme name.
Who thanked him for opposing game marriage and defending family values.
Thank you to your father, Meso-Milliano.
I'll try not to let you down.
I promise you two and a half months of complete sexual abstinence to April 9th,
or Burlesconi replied in comments reported on Sunday by the Daily Ilzernale.
But twice very Burlesconi 69, prides himself on his physical fitness
and after a face-love and hair transplant, looks younger than I did when he swept a power in 2001.
This is the guy who outlawed Satyaran, its ad in TV, as he owns the national TV channel.
No, since he heard all.
No.
He's often been criticized by commentators and feminist groups for his use of sexual innuendo and sexist jokes.
In June, he sparked a diplomatic incident in Finland when he said he'd used playboy tactics to persuade its women,
a woman present to give up a bit to cite the European Union's food agency in Helsinki,
rather than the Italian city of Parma.
In a news conference in 2003, famously complimented the Daily Prime Minister,
under his book Rosmos in for his good looks, he so handsome, I'm even thinking of introducing him to my wife,
Burlesconi Chukkel, and reference to political gossip at the time that his wife, a former actress,
was having an affair with a well-known center-left politician.
He likes to spread it around, Sylvia Burlesconi, him and the Pope.
All for them, they can mess about all they want, and maybe with a swish guard, even with anybody else, but nobody else do it.
Don't do nothing.
So now he's doing a, what tells his name, what was that awful movie, 40 Days and Nights, what was that horrible movie?
With who?
The kid from Halloween Part 85 and from Pearl Harbor.
You notice how fast he disappeared, by the way.
Yeah.
What tells his name?
40 Days, 40 Nights.
So that's the movie.
Right, and what's the kid's name?
I don't know.
Josh Hartnett?
Yeah.
So you do know you just have prayed to say it.
That's the image that you know who did it.
It doesn't in the dark, I'm amazed by that.
Yeah, right.
Well, how do you like that?
Josh Hartnett was just another one of Hollywood's pathetic excuses to have him running around naked the whole movie.
It was shameful.
I'll never watch it again.
Well, 716 votes there on great code texts in the Dan Labaschiou speaking of gay stuff.
What's that story with Booster?
You think he's like the picket man in those three?
56670560, pound 560 in the Verizon Singular wireless line.
What's the best software to restaurant to close in the past 20 years?
We ought to have the phones ought to be smoking right now.
Smoking.
All the excellent places of clothes down and broken our ol' picoloses don't want to configure that.
That's a longer than 20 years.
Because 20 years is 86, right?
Right.
Last time we checked picolars.
That's great.
WDQYM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What the hell took so long to pick up?
What do you got, man?
I want to talk about the programming at WB.
He got Jerry Springer at 11 and he got Judge Mathis at 1.
But more is 12 and 1.
And my blog is kind of slow in that hour.
But would you make a show?
You know, that's great.
567-0560, pound 560 in these Singular and Verizon, whatever it is.
Wireless and Verizon wireless line.
Ponderous.
Somebody QA and Hull?
QA and?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Remember the ground round?
The ground round was great.
Yeah, it was safe to stay at the health department close and down because of the peanut shell thing.
It was a pretty good restaurant.
And also, you got to tell me that George is in negotiations with WQYM to take the 2-6 hour.
What do you want to see?
Come on.
What does that mean?
That means I think it would be a great follow-up to your show.
George is not going to the full.
No, thank you.
And also, I don't think we want to catch Ben Laden.
We don't want to catch the other guy.
Yeah.
Well, in that case, we're doing a good job.
Excellent.
We're doing a fabulous job.
You don't want to catch your business partner.
You know, it would be bad for business.
The bushes in the Bernlons.
They're up to their ears and in together.
They showed the WQYM there early this morning with Martha Washington and his wife.
Very depressing.
Very sad.
But the American public continues being led.
And I'm going to sit again and see it.
And we need to take them off the air now.
That piece of garbage needs to come down.
And you know, the funny thing about Keith Overman, his show,
it really is very entertaining you.
What the problem is?
What's the problem?
Nobody watches Chris Matthew.
Nobody watches Dan Abrams.
Nobody watches Tucker Carlson with a silly little bow tie.
Nobody watches Read-A-Cars that you can't speak.
And nobody watches Keith Overman.
And they couldn't get arrested at a panty rate.
That's how bad they are.
They're kind of like the people across the street, you know?
All kinds of wild dreams and intentions.
But the problem is they got no...
And in fact, I'll tell you.
It's like the Toronto Maple Leafs, because that game tonight,
L-O-T, lack of talent.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62-A-S.
America loves to watch boobs and butts and boinking.
Tonight on box.
You are the worst thing in the world.
American Idol.
Yes, music.
Yes, music.
Yes, music.
Yes, music.
Yes, music.
My butt's so bad.
Yes, music.
Yes, music.
It's terrible.
I feel like it's giving the girl a chance.
It was just weird.
Yes, music.
Yes, music.
Yes, music.
I was saying off-key on this entire site.
If you don't hear that, you don't hear that.
What?
You're telling us.
You couldn't even hear those notes.
I'm totally down.
American Idol.
Yes, music.
You're telling us.
You're telling us.
You're telling us.
You're telling us.
You're telling us.
You're telling us.
You're telling us.
You're telling us.
You're telling us.
You're telling us.
You're telling us.
You're telling us.
You're telling us.
You're telling us.
You're telling us.
You're telling us.
You're telling us.
You're telling us.
You're telling us.
Others think Luisa Fitzgerald and
Nelson made the Hyde metronome and
Rallys and FireWords, JeMoo,
aptly executed ID000
Weired 36 northJah in
You heard about him lately?
Who?
Not a word.
U.S. and British Special Forces in U.S. draws have been probing Iran's defenses for a year.
A major land invasion is unlikely however since they're overstretched in Iraq.
The U.S. and Israel would likely use air and missile strikes to destroy Iran's nuclear
industry and create a cripple of its military.
Much of Iran's critical nuclear facilities are far underground or dug into hill sides.
Israel's hawkish defense minister, Shoal Mofes, while calling for diplomacy, war
last weekend his nation would not tolerate a nuclear armored Iran.
Israel's Assad has been claiming this march is the absolute deadline to stop Iran's nuclear
program.
Israel's many supporters in the IS Congress are lovely calling for a war against Iran.
Just keep wanting in mind, okay?
Iran has oil.
Does Israel have oil?
No.
No.
Just keep that in mind.
German intelligence latest claim last December the CIA brief Turkey, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia,
and Jordan about U.S. plans to attack Iran.
Israeli warplanes would overfly Jordan and Iraq's strikes central and southern Iran.
U.S. air and missile strikes come from the agriculture, Qatar, Oman, Pakistan, Afghanistan,
Central Asia, and from carrier surface warships and subs in the Indian Ocean.
I didn't know they made subs in the Indian Ocean.
I've actually heard they're tasty.
Probably got some of them in a curry powder, I'll bet.
And probably smell real bad too.
Iran's Persian Gulf nuclear reactor complex would be struck and Richmond and heavy water
plants in uranium mines are primary targets.
Second priority, missile assembly plants, air-enabled bases, power stations, etc.
Iran vows to retaliate against it and is already attacked by a foreign conventionally armed
missiles against Israel's nuclear weapons complex at Dhamona.
Remember Des Dhamona?
Who?
Iran's dilapidated air forces barely airworthy never might have threatened to Israel.
Even in a probable missile hit would probably do little damage.
Still Europeans are fretting over the risk of radio-reason releases from Dhamona and more
likely Iran's bombed nuclear plants.
Iranians could retaliate more effectively by attacking US forces and neighboring Iraq
and getting their Iraqi Shia allies to join in.
Iran could mine the Gulf, interrupt oil exports, launch raids against US bases in the
Gulf Afghanistan Central Asia, Iran is the world's four largest oil exporter, any shut
off would inflict enormous disruption of the West.
Can you say $100 or barrel oil?
$100 barrel oil?
No good.
Mass air and missile attacks would badly damage Iran's nuclear capability, but probably
not put it out of business for good as the Israel's 81 attacks on Iraq's sole reactor.
The beligorate Bush administration may try to escape mounting woes by launching an
air campaign against Iran to whip up people among Americans before midterm elections,
boosting Republican fortunes.
But this is dangerous business because like the supposed Jolly little colonial adventure
in Iraq, a war with Iran could go terribly wrong.
This is why it's an attack in passing.
$727 votes, oh we need to put another alternative on the poll on this one.
Okay.
Because I'm not going to send in the one for tomorrow, until later on, the restaurants.
Who are they?
Oh, that's a good point.
Because that's from the government.
Like I said, we reckon that many votes because a lot of people have no idea who Daniel
Bastard or Greg Kotex, either one of them are.
And with good reason too.
If you've never heard of either one of them or read anything they wrote or said on the
year, you're probably a real happy person.
At least happy than you would be.
Who are they?
Is there a third choice?
See, I told you you put another choice on the poll.
Is it Ana?
Say it.
Yeah.
We lied.
And there you go, who are they?
It's on her forever.
Nice going there, Josh.
She's on top of it.
Too bad doesn't get any word on that.
Raise you from a clearance.
Clarence is busy trying to aggravate me every morning before the show.
Me, me, me, me.
He is one of the whineiest, most annoying people I've ever encountered in my life.
He's just an idiot.
I'm annoying.
He definitely is on a wrong station.
He belongs on VUM with my cousin, tall.
You made a mistake.
How about this king?
Yeah.
I like that.
That's his level.
Let's his speed.
Just give me my paycheck.
That's all I ask.
Other than that, go away.
And don't be giving out my email address to anybody else.
I bet you it was him who gave it to a fat boy.
You think?
Oh, that could have been?
Yeah.
Probably Clarence.
Why he said he had been working on a budget and getting Josh Cortes' razor proof, which
is like two months past due already.
He was busy spreading my email address.
And also, I'll cook it up that thing for me to come and do a personal appearance in
the time of those picture cards, which is not going to happen.
James Glance writes in The New York Times that Glance sounds like Glance.
I don't think it can...
Would Joyce allow us to say that?
No.
Because Glance is part of the mail number.
He knew how to do American financial practices in Iraq.
His uncovering irregularities, including millions of reconstruction dollars, that's casually
in the footlockers and filing cabinets.
And American soldiers in the Philippines who gambled away cash belonging to Iraq.
And three of Iraqis who plunge to their deaths in a revealed hospital elevator that had
been improperly certified as safe.
Uh-oh.
This baby's going out kind of fat.
The auto release yesterday by the office of the Special and I saw like Tom Jicke then
gripping a live innocent.
The auto release yesterday by the office of the Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction
Expans on his previous findings of fraud, incompetence, and confusion as the American occupation
poured money into training and rebuilding programs in 2003 and FOTE.
The auto uncover his mass problems in it that includes half the land mass in Iraq with
new findings in the southern and central provinces of Anbar and a bunch of other ones.
The Special Inspector reports to the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State.
Condor Leaser.
Agents from the Inspector General's office found that the living and working quarters
of American occupation officials were a wash and shrink wrapped stacks of $100 bills
colloquial known as BRICS.
One official kept $2 million in a bathroom safe, another more than a half-emitting, unlocked
footlocker, long contract and received more than 100 grand, completely refurbished in
an Olympic pool, but only polished the pumps.
Even so, local American officials to certify the work has completed.
More than 2,000 contracts ranging in value from a few thousand bucks to more than half
a million, some $88 million in all were examined by agents from the Inspector General's
office.
We report that it says that in some cases, the agents found clear indications of potential
fraud and investigations are continuing.
They're looking into it.
Let's have another committee, another investigation, right?
We've got a couple, three, maybe four.
152 in QA and talking about restaurants, whether you live near downtown Fort Lauderdale,
or not.
I want to tell you about a restaurant that's worth a drive no matter where you live.
I'm talking about Tara Stake and Lobster House, which recently opened their second location
on the 17th Street Causeway.
You can find Terry, yes, there really is one almost every night greeting guest at her
new 200-seat restaurant and lounge proudly bringing East Coast residents to the same unique
terror dining experience, which earned her Marko Island restaurant near perfect
marks in that prestigious against her, right?
And a wine spectator or a word of excellence wine was now boasting over 380 selections
from the world's greatest wine regions.
The main attraction of Tara Stake and Lobster House is just as the name suggests delicious
juicy steak and lobster.
Although they do a fine job at everything from their cognac and fused lobster bisque,
the mom's classic crab case of their selection of fresh seafood and chops too.
Regarded by many as the Peter Luger of the South after the legendary steakhouse in Brooklyn,
Tara Stake and Lobster House incorporates family recipes to complete the menu too.
Sauses and dressings made fresh in-house every day and meticulously hand-selected dry-aid
short loins.
It, according to the proprietary method, recently prepared their signature porterhouse for
1, 2, 3, or 4 served cut away from the bone on a sizzling platter.
I'll take the one for four, thank you.
Sweet and tender is the only way to describe the lobster collection of terrors, which are
maintained with tender loving care and spacious tanks fed by a biowheel.
Three to six pound made lobsters prepared steamed, boiled on request or stuff with jumbo
crab meat and with lump crab meat and also available as a compliment to any of the
steak selections for the ultimate surf and turf.
Don't miss Tara's happy hour.
Every Monday through Friday with two for one specialty drinks are the complimentary wine
tasting.
It will be Thursday between 5.30 and 7.30 when you stay for dinner.
Tara Stake and Lobster House are a place you're going to love.
You'll find them at 14.30 Southeast.
17th Street Cosmine for Lauderdale.
Column toll free from anywhere in the state.
1.866.
Tara 444.
That's 1.866.
444.
Reminds us of their website at www.terrorstakehouse.com.
Let me say it again.
Terrorstake and lobsterhouse.com.
And don't forget, when the subject is great steak, you'll always be hearing about Tara
Stakehouse.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.60 Q.A.
You get a lot of bass.
You Rogers on sports hall radio.
W.A.M.
Have you always wanted to learn to dance?
If you've ever imagined yourself gliding effortlessly across the floor with your partner in
your arms while having the time of your life, then let Master P show you the way.
You want to learn to chat chat, box stop, walk, rumble, quick sip, I teach you man.
Master P creates a learning experience such encourages and allows students to realize
their full dancing potential and an open and friendly atmosphere.
Actually, I dance to get freaks.
Now pay attention.
Move your feet around a little bit.
Okay.
That's too much.
No move so, where's your hat?
I don't have a hat.
Both I have a hat.
I don't have a hat.
Move your feet around a little bit.
Okay.
Not that too much.
But, you have a watch how I do like it.
I mean, barely move.
That's not dancing.
Barely move.
Wave your hair.
I don't know.
Oh, you're not dancing.
Wave your hair.
Master P is a ballroom dance specialist with the mission of making dancing fun, enjoyable
and rewarding.
If you're striving to become a confident social dancer or a competitive ballroom dancer,
Master P will provide you with highly specialized and personalized ballroom dance lessons.
The Master P way.
All right, so the first way I've been to hat, man.
I don't have a hat.
What's up with the shoes you wear?
These are dishes.
Oh, you don't wear them.
You wear sneakers.
Sneakers?
Sneakers?
Why would I wear sneakers?
Brother don't be caught wearing dance shoes.
You need a pair of sneakers and wave your hat.
I don't have a hat.
Don't back talk, Master P.
Master P's ballroom dance school is now accepting the students.
From automation, go to MasterP School of Dance.com.
Are you sure to say, do the chop chop?
Then I'm going to ask you, want again.
Yeah?
Wear your hat.
I don't have a hat.
How many times I have to tell you no longer allow to come to my school?
Oh, why not?
You don't have a hat.
Why do I need a slipping hat?
Time to open the MasterP School of Dance, Cannibal Bats.
Oh, ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Where'd you have it?
Don't forget the whole world's about head gear, so wear your hat.
All right?
You wear it with a propeller on it.
742 votes, who is the biggest A-hole in South Florida print media?
Dan LaBaster at 521, Red Code Text 213.
Who are they?
Eight.
We just added that only seconds ago, and it's going to go zooming up there.
Who the hell are both of them, right?
Right.
So let's see.
Fatboy was, Clarence to get fat boy, my email address and Clarence will be
trot right through where the heart's supposed to be, where there's no sense there's no feeling.
Let me see it one more time, okay?
Because this whole business is about well, whoever near likes it,
who I'll tell you who will succeed really big time in the afternoon,
between two and one every, you know?
Let me say very clearly, whoever the audience likes.
Bye, bye, bye!
