What was that?
What is it?
What was that?
What seems to be going on?
We're having some issues over here.
We're having some issues, huh?
Oh, like my mic won't shut off for one thing.
Georgia's mic won't shut off.
We got all this stuff bleeding from somewhere.
We're bleeding over here.
Hey man, SUCKS is the word.
I'm gonna get back in a radio.
Hey Joyce!
Ah!
And I wasn't a Raspberry either, honey.
Oh, no, no.
You're fairy.
I'm a what the heck happens to me.
I guess I just don't have it anymore.
No!
Victoria's sacred lingerie.
I don't do those ads anymore.
Now I fill music and latins.
60s and over, that's for sure.
I got Hockey Nets, Starbucks, doo.
Well, we have our own guest today.
We didn't find anybody, but we got Kenny there for a second and Tommy with his squeaking his way through it to success.
What was that all about?
Sorry, I think it was Josh sabotaging.
Yeah, I had a little screw up here.
Well, that's okay.
Hey, join the club, man.
Like I said, someday we'll log it back into radio.
Although it's your end-to-be in this place.
Here's our, and of course we have a massive change in the format today.
Starting the, here's line one for example.
Oh, it doesn't work.
Let's see.
Okay, just checking, just making sure the phone works.
Because based on what you're telling me about, you can't show it your mic off and based on live-action.
I'm just going to...
I fist it. I took it apart and fizzed it.
You fizzed it?
I fizzed it.
Okay, here's the appol we took starting on.
When did we start this on Wednesday, I guess?
Yeah.
Are you sure?
Pretty sure?
No.
What you're taking on the callers we asked, I think they were...
I don't know when the hell it was.
I think it was on Friday.
I don't know when the hell it was.
Anyway, what you're taking on the callers, 1437 votes, a few would be okay, 612, a few,
which means more than two.
Bring the callers back, 455.
Oh, right.
So you put those two together, you got like 74%.
And like Joe Belltoid in your climb distance that day, well, the word he's hearing is he won't talk to these people.
They're upset about the...
Yeah, I won't talk to you.
I've figured that, Joe.
Go away.
You enjoy high-tailed for Memphis.
The caller is suck, 182.
That's what I voted.
And that is absolutely correct, but nevertheless, the show is fine without the calls.
Only 161.
A mere 11.2% in spite of George's asturbanus.
And I hate this poll.
Only 1.8%.
27 out of 1437 people.
I do like that.
Is that impressive or what?
Yeah.
They liked it.
But they don't like to show without the callers.
And so the callers are coming back.
You'll see a whole bunch of them.
QIM, hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah, okay.
There's a line checker.
Oh, that was the Joel Feinberg call.
He's upset because he knows it often.
Win streak is all over with.
Who may play on Sunday?
Oh, just Detroit Lions who are pretty good.
No, no.
The Patriots play the Detroit Lions on Sunday.
Oh, I'm coming.
Okay.
I don't know if anybody on Sunday that dolphins, because they had the game on Thanksgiving Day.
Well, you know, obviously you had a rough Thanksgiving.
They're playing the Jaguars.
Oh, they're playing Jacksonville.
Oh, and I really could be them.
Yeah, Buffalo did it.
Yeah, Buffalo beat them.
Anybody could beat them.
How about those Patriots?
Oh!
How about that Tom Brady first down?
That was, that was, I have never in my life seen a white guy do that before.
That was so beautiful.
I've been ran for the first down.
And he stood up and he gave that first down signal and just went nuts.
That was nice going Tommy.
Yeah, he had a little.
I thought I was nervous about that game where he's like that.
Oh, man.
Woo!
My insides were upside down.
Kind of like George's innards I don't want these days.
Not good.
George's having a, uh, something.
Yeah, I don't know.
I got something.
He's got something internal.
And of course that couldn't be from QAIM or his wife.
You think, well, probably a little bit above.
I give 50% to each.
A little from Colony.
A little from Colony.
Yeah, that's right.
Here's our pool today.
And we are taking like, we better have a million calls.
Look at the way they're flashing there right now.
You see that?
I'll get to them when I feel like it.
I will low.
We're going back to that.
The bedtime stories forget about them.
Those of you people out there who are very politically oriented,
we appreciate your great interest in the democracy and yada yada yada,
but it's boring radio.
It's really bad.
And it's George's fault.
Miguel was right.
That's about to anything Miguel has ever been right about,
but he was right about that.
It's boring.
I mean, I enjoy it.
And I enjoy it.
And George likes it.
And that's it.
I can't do a show for George.
George wasn't even listening when he was off last week.
No way.
Of course not.
And neither would I.
When I'm not on here, you think I'm listening to your crap?
Of course not.
I get that out of your head.
Right.
Of all the things that he'll talk about, which is the most interesting to you,
that's our poll today, 817 votes.
We'll make 1,000 out of you like that.
On the first day after Thanksgiving holiday weekend.
You see the way I always have of couching things in such a term as if it's a
major accomplishment, which of course it's not, but you know, whatever.
Which is the most interesting to you.
Politics 402.
Well, the election's over.
Inside Radio Stuff 152,
I could do the whole show I enjoy today and about Gary Sarner and Joe Bell and all
of us in our engineering stuff, but I'm like, and our sales department especially.
We got some people back there in that sales.
They wouldn't know a piece of copy if you stuffed 450 sheets of paper up their ass.
They still wouldn't know a piece of copy.
I don't want to mention Gary Sarner or Brian Schmutz, but nevertheless.
Religion 128.
I hate this poll, a mere 31, 3.7%.
That's not bad.
That's pretty good, especially on heels of the other one.
Maybe they're in a good mood because they stuffed themselves on Thanksgiving Day.
Gary Stuff 28.
Amsterdam 18.
Hockey 17.
The track 14, which I never talk about hockey or the track.
Brady Quinn a dozen.
All right.
And they got destroyed by USC in that game, which we knew they would.
But, and Josh is not too happy because instead of showing us the game, they kept showing Brady
on the sideline.
Brady Quinn picking his nose, picking his butt, picking his jack, whatever.
Look at him now.
He's warming up.
I want to look at him now.
And later, the Trump people said that's the most interesting.
You and guess who is one of them?
You're as truly.
That's the most interesting to me by far as opposed to all his other swill.
Is Brady Quinn, the mighty Quinn.
Not that I'm going to play that bit like 100 times today, and the one I'm talking about.
Nope.
Oh, that's right.
Maybe you didn't hear it.
It goes like that.
You haven't heard that?
No.
Yeah, we'll get to that.
And of course, he could have said Tom Brady's out, but that would be a little bit too current
that's out of the demographic area for a chicken neck.
So he goes to Scott Brady who's an actor who died 100 years ago or 20 years ago anyway.
Brady Quinn 12, Health Problem 6.
We don't want to hear about your health problems, George.
We wish you all the best, but we don't want to hear about it.
A slots 5.
See, that's why nobody's called or talked about Gulfstream or been over there or a factory
and thing because they don't care about that about a good machine mine.
And diets 4.
You know, we're fat and that's just the way it is.
828 votes.
8, I bet it's more than that now.
834.
Well, they're coming in in chunks now.
Is that exciting or what?
So anyway, I just speak of inside radio stuff.
I just want to go on record on a year.
And I've said this before, but I want to say it very emphatically and very depressed
and morbid way.
Joyce Bitches out to do everything she can in her power to destroy me, this radio show,
this everything in the world connected with the show.
And Joyce, I hope you die a horrible wicked death.
And I hope it's soon.
Unfortunately, who may have been.
But what is it?
She's like the evil Dr. Fumanshi.
She is.
And unfortunately, we got a new general manver now who's not only a subservient to her,
but even to our program director, who is my little dog would say,
Esmeral program director, you know, just sad.
Good guy, Joe.
I told you that a long time ago, you know, Jolly Raleigh, Joe.
Good guy.
But man, oh man, just living in a dream world.
Or speaking of dream fields.
So somebody fact in most interesting topics, when Neil discovers a really good product
and turns us on to it.
Yeah, like the dream fields low-car pasta.
Anybody out there buy it?
No.
Try it and eat it.
No.
No.
Except George.
Like, we have us three, four times a week.
I tried it.
I ran to the bowl.
Yeah, but you don't need it.
No, I don't.
No.
Although you will when you balloon up and get real pre-diabetic fat.
So I don't know about that.
I mean, you know, I do try to pass things along like the, what is it?
The GT Express.
And I finally figured out the reason that my omelettes were sticking in that thing.
And I take back what I said.
Not that I owe them anything.
But if you don't cook them long enough that someone has stuffed sticks.
What about the flavor wave?
And the flavor wave, which is great.
We all have one.
I use mine almost every day.
We use ours like two, three times a week.
There you go.
Flavor wave.
And all these things.
And I'm not, you know, in this crap about world, you know, you must be getting money under the table from that ride.
Oh, yeah.
We get a lot of graft on this show.
We get something under the table.
I wish.
Speaking of Brady Quinn.
He looked good in the game.
The team stunk and you went see out the, well, it wouldn't even a contest.
And of course, we don't want to talk about football because that supports us.
That's the other thing you should have done to put on this pool.
In fact, we can still do it sports.
Let's put that on there.
And then Clarence will, he'll like have everybody like, you know, reap the pool.
And while all of a sudden we'll have 40,000 votes.
Oh, we want to hear Neil do a sports show.
Then life would be complete, see?
Because we're like messing with their plans.
Or the anti-sports, the evil doers, the anti-jock sniffing show.
It just sad to me.
It makes me want to cry.
And I guarantee I watched plenty of football over the weekend and I'm Thanksgiving Day.
And what kind of games do they have on that was gambling against, rambling and gambling.
And what were those games all about?
I don't know. They show those games a lot for some reason.
I can't have some of the worst craft that they put on the year.
It's just amazing to me.
But then again, look at some of those announcers calling those games.
And the fact that Shannon Sharpe is still on a pregame show on CBS.
See, I knew there's a good reason why I don't watch those shows.
The pregame and the half-time and all this ass slapping, yucking it up.
You know, hey, Danny boy.
Ha, ha, ha.
Yeah. Very sad.
See, that's what a real man is supposed to be into.
Those shows like that, the pregame show.
Let's go to Shoahage, or all these years that you thought you were a real man.
You're not.
No, no, no.
The wake-leaf guy. That's right.
I know.
You don't sit around and watch the grab ass festive that they do with you.
You know, Jimmy's Johnson and Danny boy and Shannon not so sharp.
Who couldn't speak a word if he put a gun up his ass?
I'll give it a shot.
I'll give it a shot.
Unbelievable.
So anyway.
That's where we are.
Let's take a look at that schedule today.
Let's see if we got the right one.
I don't know because clearance doesn't give us the schedule anymore the way it's supposed to be.
We have to guess who's going to be on.
Well, I'm just going to read it the way it says.
Mad Dog 2, Power Hour Hanka.
Oh, it just says the Power Hour with Hank at 4.
And I was with Hank at a Mad Dog just with Hank.
Hank 5 to 7, Opening Tip with Bimbo Cores, which means the heat are playing tonight,
but we don't have the game.
So we have the opening tip, which is one of the dumbest pieces of programming I ever heard in my life.
You know, it's one thing to have the real pregame show,
but they have the opening tip before every heat game.
They play like 157 games a season or something like that.
80 some.
Curtis in the B730 and then 80k at 10 o'clock.
Got no game tonight.
No Panthers.
Although we do have Jacques Strat Martana in the morning show,
and also Eric Reed who talks through his team.
1013 at 560 WQM.
Hey, let me tell you right now about a great place to take your feet, walk him right over,
or are a slump him over to Brandy's in Poppano Beach.
For it seems like forever now Brandy's is doing it right for their customers,
which is why Brandy's is still around.
You're the best branch, let me tell you.
They must have given him a lobotomy after he left the first time,
because you'd have to be crazy to come back.
Go Roger's got.
Real American A-holes.
Real American A-holes.
We salute you.
Mr. Peep Show Booth Mopper Upper.
Mr. Peep Show with Mopper Upper.
You were dismissed from your last job as a high school custodian
for learing at students in the girls locker room.
Not a brother, gender.
But now it seems you found your true calling,
as you punched the clock at Main Street adult bookend video.
Year the twenty talking, gender.
Night after night, you march into those private viewing booths,
onto the gills with cleaning solvent, scouring pads, and blind ambition.
Ha, ha, for thee we have in yeh!
Sure, there are awkward moments when you accidentally walk in on a client.
But that's okay, because Mr. Smith knows you're there to make his viewing experience cleaner, safer, and most importantly, clear.
So we salute you.
Mr. Peep Show Booth Mopper Upper.
Your paper towels, your bum knee, and your scraper.
You are a real American A-hole.
Ten, eighteen, and five, sixty.
I enter the extra squishy gooey sound there at the end just to piss off Joyce.
We hate you Joyce.
We're going to send a hit squad over there to get your ass.
You piece a third.
Eighth hundred and sixty-five votes on the pool.
Aren't you impressed?
All right.
I know you're never impressed.
Sports doesn't have any.
It's got the big-
Oh!
Well, let's do a sports show, make clearance happy.
And let's get those phones cranking out.
Let me just say this to you.
I give you the results of that pool from last week about the collars and yada yada yada yada.
And you're giving Joe Bellas, giving you some advance about,
Oh, they want them to take the collars again, right?
Is that what he told you?
Yeah, take that one now.
It's ringing.
I'm not talking about like one.
That's going to be a short call.
I can tell already.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty, and leave Verizon and Singular Wireless Line.
See, they're out of practice.
And I'm sure it's a lot of practice giving these stupid phone numbers out.
Oh, they're in the middle.
Hello.
Neil, yes, sir.
Good morning.
I can tell you when that pole went up.
Yeah.
The one on, um, take the calls back.
Yeah.
Thanks, giving day, because I went on and voted about one o'clock and when I did the,
when I refreshed, it was only six votes.
So, thanks, giving day.
Excellent.
Okay, thanks.
All right.
I think I think my work is done, you know, don't you?
Mm-hmm.
I think we've accomplished or whatever we need to do.
Thank you, sir.
That was an excellent and informative call.
871 votes on the pole.
I don't see much action on the phone here.
But what I started to say is that it's always the same, you know.
We want the callers and then of course when you say, okay, let's open it up and see what these people have to say.
We haven't taken calls on the show for weeks and weeks and months now.
Let's see what all their pent up info, what their output and input and what they got.
And you know what, I think they got?
But we'll see.
I mean, it shouldn't pre-judge.
Should I? That's bad.
Right.
WQA M, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy first Thanksgiving.
Back to you.
I got it.
Yeah, okay.
WQA M, hello.
Yeah, I want to ask a question about what the teachers and as far as getting the SR, don't get the raise.
Yeah, call a call off a teacher and find out.
WQA M, hello.
So lucky you can use a good teacher.
Well, nobody on that one.
WQA M, hello.
I'll go near how far you're, sir.
Okay, sir.
All right.
Hey, listen, did you see?
All right.
I see.
Just Jackson with his mug on the face with, sir.
I don't want to talk about Jesse Jackson.
He's boring.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
See, just because I'm going to take a lot of calls, that doesn't mean I'm going to listen to boring crap.
You know what I mean?
I guess again.
No, I'm not going to listen to it.
Like that guy, I don't want to hear his crap.
Who now cares about Jesse Jackson and his love child?
If you're going to call, like it says, run on our website.
Doesn't say have something to say that somebody might want to listen to.
Which yours, how is this?
Yeah.
WQA M, hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
About a week ago, I think it was.
You read a great article on the air from Sam Harris on a news week.
Do you remember that?
No.
I'm looking for it on your website.
I can't find it.
It's a great one.
Rob, I'm glad.
And I hope you enjoyed it.
5, 6, 7, get used to it because you're going to be here too many more.
No more that sitting here reading crap for hours a day that nobody wants to hear except George.
Right.
So look at that.
Products he discovers got three votes and sports has got to vote already.
Clarence voted.
Clarence, you idiot.
I think early retirement sounds really good to me.
Don't you?
Let's take a poll on that.
I think that sounds like it about 1030 sounds really good.
I don't want to have to leave in the middle of the show and go down and pay customs on that package.
I'm my new facts machine that's coming.
But you will anyway, right?
I will what?
Oh, you better believe I'm going to go down there.
If it shows up during the show and it probably will with my luck.
It couldn't have shown up like at 930 when I could have gone down there nice and relaxed.
Or maybe it's going to show up and there won't be no custom charges on it.
Because I was of the opinion of the impression of the something that if it's under 400 bucks there's no custom charges on that until that package you sent me.
I know a big spender like you sure is hell didn't spend no 400 bucks.
No.
So how come I have to pay customs on it a little crappy package you sent?
Apparently there is no minimum.
That's not correct sir.
Well, that's absolutely incorrect sir.
Well, I was over it.
I'm going to get over it.
I'm going to get over it.
WQAM, hello.
No more callers.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, you know how you doing buddy?
Okay sir.
On that out morning show.
Clarence, you're an idiot to stand back into the morning.
It's actually an entertaining show.
I'm not talking about sports, bagging.
Okay.
Good call.
There you go Clarence.
There's a little commentary on our programming.
It could be a really entertaining show.
Of course, I haven't heard any of those segments yet.
But I'm sure Josh tells me that there aren't any.
Although Miguel told me that there were some.
That the guys are really entertaining and very funny when they're not doing those sports segments
with those cam prefabricated guests, which very jackass says they've wisely added.
Lamar Tom is, oh my god.
I heard a couple of minutes of him this morning.
I wanted to just, I wanted to jump out the window and I live on a higher floor.
I couldn't believe it.
Let's get Shannon Sharpa right away.
This is what we're dealing with man.
This is what we're up against.
We're like, I don't relate to it.
I don't understand it.
I don't live it.
Smell it.
Sniff it.
I don't know what they're talking about.
That's all they know from.
These are not humans.
These are creatures from a planet somewhere deep in the anals of space.
And they're up against them.
Maybe from Uranus.
That's it.
I'll be honest with you.
Rectomes.
Where they belong.
W-Q-A-M-H-L-O.
Q-A-M-H-L-O.
Phone call, frenzy.
Hello.
Yeah, good one.
He was building up to it very slow.
He's a slow starter.
W-Q-A-M-H-L-O.
Line one still isn't work by the way.
Q-A-M.
I said there, but it was too close for comfort.
Don't be trying to be cute.
We got 75 dump buttons.
Since the steering show we got about 85-minute delay.
Spinning your wheels and wasting my time and your time.
He was just agreeing with you about Shannon Sharpa.
No, that's not what he didn't say Shannon though.
He said something else that sounded like, you know, like Schmitten.
Maybe he's Schmitten with Shannon Sharpa.
Maybe that's what he was trying to say.
889 votes on the poll.
He was just going to make some kind of a racial teacher.
That was probably Mike, what's his name?
Oh, Michael Richards.
Mike Richards, yeah.
50 years ago, the annual time job.
Of all the things Neil talks about, which is the most interesting view.
Mike Richards, sure.
So I don't even know who the hell he is.
Crazy Kramer.
Politics 429, inside radio stuff 164, religion 136, inside radio stuff.
All you need to know is Clarice is an idiot and Joyce is a thousand times worse.
And Joseph and I sky, but lost.
Just lost.
I hate this poll only 35-3.9%.
I like that.
Gay stuff, 31.
Gay stuff.
Amsterdam 22, hockey 20.
Right.
If we got a team to Panthers or what, what do they think?
The track 15.
Brady Quinn, a dozen.
Leave Malone, okay.
I saw him first.
Health problem 7, slot 7.
Yeah, there's only one slot.
Most of these guys are interested in.
Products he discovers for.
No, I take that back.
There's two.
Products he discovers just went up to five.
Like the Dreamfields pasta.
And the flavor wave.
Diet's for and sports is up to three.
So Clarice says he's got Robert and the Beast in there now.
They're tapping on it.
All of it wouldn't be the first time.
I'm sure that.
So little, little boys play Panthers.
What it is.
And we're, you know, we're in the middle of it.
By the way, I forgot to tell you George, we're on the wrong station.
Oh, gee.
26, I should have told you that 10 years ago.
26 past 10 at 5, 60 WQM.
Your sports, that sports time on your sports station.
And by the way, Larry Coker got fired and we're going to join that press conference momentarily.
Station stands for nothing.
Absolutely.
Don't go getting bitter on us now.
Come on.
Cut the crap.
If things are bad, we're starting to smoke.
But they get out the bus.
And that's what all the dirty things we start to fly.
And they need a good out buy.
Accusations are better than a torn and promised you a thing.
He says she's a loser.
She says he's a loser.
Well, and that's the need.
Like public coffee and other meals, things can get ugly.
Just like the cook and pork recipe, break clean.
Come and have a mistress or three.
Like country-sane, a Sarah Evans.
And her deadbeat's foul.
If somebody tattle and starts a battle, just they all get the house.
Who cheated first but claims in a sense when it hits the fan?
Man abiding girls to all have all their age.
And they have their own my space page.
All they've become groupies by the tongue in my aboo balls.
Some of the dangers asleep in with strangers or other co-stars.
Hard to keep track of who is with whom.
Out in Hollywood.
Those movies, the marriages don't seem to last.
It's that naughty with the whole cast.
And it gets far away, all the details from an unknown name for.
If somebody tattle and starts a battle, that's let you divorce.
1033-27 before 11 at 560 WQM.
The calls are back.
You asked for them and you got them, baby.
And so far they've been fantastic.
Of course, don't prejudge now.
They're a lot of practice.
You know what I'm saying? Practice makes perfect.
560-70560, pound 560 in a variety of singular wireless lines.
WQM, hello.
Hello Americans, I'm Paul Harvey.
I am Florida. Neil Rogers.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Hello Americans, I'm Paul Harvey.
I am Florida.
Neil Rogers.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Let me just meet this here. How you doing?
Okay, how are you doing?
I'm good, I'm good.
Great.
I just have a couple things about CNN.
You guys are always ragging on CNN and how crap these coverages.
About a month or so.
You guys have the Christmas tree arrived at the White House now with Laura Bush.
That's a pretty impressive breaking news. Go ahead.
Yeah, the Anderson Cooper, they broke in September 11th this year.
They said, oh, Anderson Cooper is under attack and asked to understand.
She said, I swear to God.
Yeah.
And Anderson Cooper was under attack.
Wouldn't be the first time.
No, okay, great.
That's a lot of stuff.
Okay, thank you.
Let's see what we got on the pool.
Look at that.
We got 913 votes.
We're going to approach 1,000 by the end of this hour because we're taking the calls again,
see.
George wants to apologize to the audience for being a bad influence and give me some really bum information.
But Josh already told me that you're just trying to sabotage the show.
Yeah, so I'll take early retirement and you can move right in.
That's why he encouraged them to do a lot of sports in the morning.
Sports, we got three votes already.
Let's talk about sports.
How about those progences, huh?
Yeah, very reliable.
No, not necessarily.
Not the ones with the holes in them.
How about that Josh's booty, man?
What a... Seriously, he looks like a John booty.
What is it?
John booty.
Now who that was Josh booty?
Didn't we have an athlete?
There was Josh booty?
We did.
I want to say yes.
All right, let me google it.
Jesus Christ.
That's his brother, I think.
Yeah, right.
I'm serious.
I just don't know.
I think it's his mother, your mama.
Josh booty, Wikipedia, the free and cyclopathy is going to tell us all about Josh booty.
See, if you're going to talk about sports, you need to know something about it, say.
You need to bring in an ice booty's brother.
I'm telling you.
Is he?
He was born in 1975, April 4, and that's former NFL quarterback and minor league baseball
shortstop, former.
Well, he's old, you know, he's 31.
Oh, no.
He's spent five years in the Marlins organization.
You know, I think you ought to be embarrassed.
That's where I know John booty, Josh booty, from.
He was with the Marlins.
Yeah, that's pretty bad.
He played only 13 games in the majors between 96 and 98.
He had 269, had four RBIs.
He went to LSU, played football for the football team.
He completed 49.3% of his passes, which really sucks.
Josh booty, he was a, yeah, a Marlin for about five minutes.
And you don't know that.
Mr. Marlins, Mr. Coverup for how bad Dave Ann Boring is.
Jesus God, what's wrong with you?
Oh, here's our good call.
I'm nine.
QAM, hello.
Leo, is that the same amount of time I've used to beat his wife?
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Oh, I can't speak to Rita calls me, please.
That's one minute.
She'll be right out.
See, this is what it's all about, man.
This is what they want.
Not sitting here thinking that people out there have an IQ larger than their damn bread box.
What's wrong with you?
Most people are morons, man.
Just like this pool about politics.
We have this, but you know what politics is, it's wasted time.
It's crap.
Well, the Democrats want Congress.
Yeah, and what, so what's going to change?
Okay, what's going to change now?
Well, we certainly don't want to have any liberal agenda.
And we certainly don't want to impeach the president.
And we certainly don't want to do this.
We don't want to do that.
And then the Julie Roman says he might run with John McCain.
How do you like that?
Did you see that article?
Yeah, good.
Yeah.
Match made in purgatory, man.
I hope that Julie Roman e-lobs with Gary Turner.
That would be a perfect match.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Talk about far-bison.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
This is Neil.
This is Neil.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Oh, ah.
We love the panther.
Yeah, okay, good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10.
You know, some of these people are just a little slow.
And that's because they're out of practice.
They'll get better.
You can't complain about their material,
because of course they don't have any.
And that's why we stopped taking calls in the first place.
It was a wasted time in the really ponderous.
But you know what?
We are back.
And we're sticking with it.
Man, it's the phone call attack.
What are you chuckling about?
They don't care about these.
I know.
Do you have any idea?
I want to ask you that when you do have an idea,
because when I'm not here, you send Josh the stories,
you have any idea?
How what a job it is to find these stories and print them out
and pochki around and staple them and put them in order
and try to find out what they say.
And I don't think I read as fast as you, so I think it's
really longer.
It's a lot of work, baby.
And let me say, when I can get paid the same exact amount,
a lot of cash for doing basically nothing,
but talk to idiots for hours today,
which is what I've done for a long time.
What?
I don't know what you're laughing about.
People don't ask me, what do you do for a living?
I say, I talk to morons for hours a day for a living.
And it's true.
And that's what the audience wants to hear,
because most people like morons, because they can relate,
you know, like your president.
This business, I'm reading these names of cities
that have been invented yet in countries
that we don't even know where the hell they are in a map.
And people care about that.
You've led me down to Garden Path, Mr.
and I think Josh is going to take you out
and whip you in a shake during the night.
I'm out of jage.
I show up my package shows up pretty soon.
You give me a good excuse to go down.
This time I'm going to take my time.
I'm not going to rush and go down there
and have a heart attack in the elevator,
racing to get back.
Cause you know, you got a good material there.
Plus you've been offered.
You should have built up all.
You can talk about your stomach and your ailments.
No, I was going to talk about my computer
and what a piece of crap it is.
No, well, that would be good.
Save it though for when the package comes.
Absolutely.
Save it for Brady Quinn's package.
WQAM, hello.
Cramer is God.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, good morning.
Yes.
Welcome back.
Welcome back from one.
Well, I know your way this weekend
and I've belated November 5th birthday greeting.
I was in the way this weekend.
Yeah, I was up at Gulf Stream plunge
and away on those one arm bandits.
Yeah, and I was at the woodbind plunge
and went on one arm bandits too.
How do you like that?
Did you have a good machine?
Yeah, I had a good machine, man.
I won 17 year robust yesterday at woodbind.
How do you like that?
That's a beautiful thing.
I don't give numbers off.
Since I had a good day, I'll give you the number.
We're 1700 bananas.
It's a beautiful number and I'm sorry
to hear about our good buddy Bo Shen back, where?
Not my good buddy.
Call up Mad Dog and talk to him about it
and get some new material, by the way.
See there, there you go.
Now there's a guy sound like a real guy
and he had nothing.
He had absolutely nothing.
See, I, as short notice, you know what I mean?
Right.
No, it's short notice that when they tuned down
the radio this morning, they didn't expect.
And you can only imagine the poor result.
That was the people who were still listening.
Can you imagine it would be the people
that we've lost already because
of your insistence on my reading
that crap four hours every day?
Thousands.
Stressful man, stressful, draining
for an old diabetic bag like me, draining.
Not as draining as sitting here
staring at those pictures of Brady Quinn-Naked,
but pretty close.
Draining.
And Josh doesn't understand why the cameras were
like trans-fixed on Brady Quinn
throughout that entire game.
Well, the game is stunk, okay?
The game was pathetic.
Well, I liked it.
What?
Because I was rooting for USC.
Now why is that?
Because I hate no day.
Oh, that's true.
Well, I hate no day.
I'm too.
Probably a lot worse than you do.
And I wasn't really rooting for no day.
I just wanted to see Brady have a good game.
And of course they kept dropping his balls
in the end zone.
I know I sure wouldn't drop his balls,
but that's beside the point.
19 before 11 at 5.60.
The reason that they kept showing him
is because he's where it's at, baby.
He is the main man.
He's the new hot shot, okay?
Yeah, well, they're attracting you, okay?
I want to watch the game.
They're not attracting just me.
In other words, you think I'm the only person
obsessed with Brady Quinn?
You know, you better get out of the house
a little bit more, mister.
And I'm not just talking about those flusy bars
where you're going to get plastered all the time.
I'm talking about like dealing with real living
and breathing people.
Brady Quinn is where it's at.
You'd stop your average guy and then go to day land
this afternoon when you get off from work.
Go out of day land.
Okay, yeah.
And find some real screaming queen.
I mean, some good American guy and ask him,
what do you think of Brady Quinn?
And a guy will go like just, it gets spastic on you.
A little bit like that.
He'll lose it.
Yeah.
No, but I'm just, you know, it sounds good.
We got a dozen people on there
who say that's the most interesting thing
that I talk about on the show
and I only voted once.
Oh, it'll hold in.
K-Y-S-U-C-K-N.
He's here.
He's recently filed for divorce.
So now, Kevin Fetterline enterprises
as proud to announce its expansion
into your home with Renta K-Fed.
You can have the world's most hated new divorcee
to MC your bar mitzvahs.
Yo, yo, got lots of love, Betty Hebrew's, holla!
Yo, Renta K-Fed for birthday parties
and played pin the tail on Kevin Fetterline's ass.
Yo, what's up, hey, knock it off.
Where are you?
Hey, come here, you little bitch.
Renta K-Fed for target practice.
Yeah, yeah, keep going.
Keep going.
Yo, is this like, barbed up, Chee?
Yeah, perfect.
Don't move.
Renta K-Fed.
Yo, yo, it's the warmest head.
K-Fed.
And now you can have me in your home
at a modest press of course.
Yo, I ate like this bit for money.
Just because I left that bitch Brittany, yo.
What?
I ate that, Sprit.
I maybe just little, yo.
Call now.
1-800-Renta K-Fed or visit rentacafed.com for prices and estimates.
Rentacafed for when you need a clueless moron to abuse in life.
10-47 at 5-60 WQAM.
We got 952 votes on that pool.
And boy, are they interested in those products I discovered?
10 already.
How do you like that?
I was the late addition.
That's right on Brady Quinn's ass.
He's got 13.
By the way, his middle name is Tyler since Josh is OK.
Josh Booney, by the way, was drafted by the Browns.
He was their quarterback for about five minutes.
Josh Booney.
Yes, he was.
Oh, you know that?
You looked it up.
I forgot.
No, I didn't even look it up.
I just forgot.
Well, how do you like that?
And he played for your Florida marlins for crying out a lot for about two minutes.
I can't believe you forgot that.
Even I remember that.
Well, I forgot it for a reason.
I wasn't that back during the Joe Angel days when before he got stabbed in the back by
your buddy Dave, what's his name, well, Brian?
I don't know what you're laughing about.
It's true.
He got stabbed in the back and then they canned Joe Angel and they kept Dave a Brian
and then he went off and ran away to ESPN, which he sucks anyway.
He sounds just like every other guy.
And by the way, you're right about Joe Buck.
He's weak.
He is really weak.
I do like him for baseball games, but terrible football.
He's just, he's so freaking weak.
Bad.
They lay more garbage announcers on us during football.
I say, dust off Pat Summer on, bring that old tote back.
Get him out of the bar off the bar stool and bring his ass back.
I'm even starting to get aggravated by Alan Michaels.
I always liked Alan, but he's getting on my nerves.
If he says, bull, one more time, the bull is on the 45 year old, let it
a bull get out of here.
Al, stop with a baloney and maddened.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, good God.
Oh, I will say this and nobody aggravates me worse than Joe Thiesman.
You know, I never paid much attention to him because I never watched those games on ESPN.
Well, but it shows the volume down.
That's what I'm, that's my new idea.
It's a good way to watch a ball game is turned that damn sound down.
It's a hell of a commentary on these great sports casters we got.
Like Clarence, for example, hey, Clarence, it's not too early to start thinking
out about leaving QM and going and seeking your fortune is a big league broadcast
of baby.
Come on, Clarence.
Just leave period would be a good idea.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and even rising.
And one thing I like about Clarence when he talks about sports is no punches pulled.
You know what I'm saying?
Hmm?
And pound 5 60 and even rising singular rightless lines were call intensive again.
If you wonder what happened here, always taking calls again, we are taking calls that
have been invented yet from people who haven't even been hatched yet.
Because we took that pool for a reason.
I mean, what's the point of taking a pool if you're going to like ignore it, right?
Oh, just for fun.
No.
Gotta give the public what they want, baby.
And a public wants these calls.
They want to hear all of these rocket scientists out there.
They want to have a chance to vent to open up a mouth and say some crap.
You know what I'm saying?
What he said.
What I'm saying is that people are full of crap.
That's right.
And they want to get rid of it.
Get out of their system.
Okay.
That's your problem.
Oh, I just did do that last break.
Thank God.
WQA am hello.
Yeah.
And the last week you wanted to hear from someone that had been to the opening of the slot machines
at Gold Stream.
Well, this isn't stand worth.
Himer.
Is it?
Of course.
Go away.
Stan.
I said last week I want to hear from anybody except stand worth.
Himer.
And by the way, quit wasting or envelopes or your envelopes in our mail and quit
sending George a bunch of crap.
We're not interested.
Go away.
If you looked up one dimensional human being in Wikipedia, his picture would be right there.
That's all he knows from.
That's all he knows.
Casino Stan, we don't want to hear from you today.
Four weeks from Sookas.
85 years from next Tishabub.
We don't want to hear from you.
Okay.
Go away.
Stan, do you want to hear from him?
Uh, no.
Is that a trick question?
It seems like a really nice guy.
You know, I met him once or twice.
I have met him on numerous occasions.
Okay.
When I used to be stupid enough to do those public appearances, you know, right?
And he's that's all he knows from.
I mean, I like to go to Woodvine.
I like to play the slots.
I mean, I go there a lot.
Okay.
I have a good time.
I lose my ass most of the time.
But it's a fun.
But Jesus, if that's your whole life, that's all you have to talk about is that go away, Stan.
Now is that something I've been taking calls for less than an hour and I already knew who the hell I was?
Oh, yeah.
I heard it first word.
Oh God.
He wears wheels.
I hear him in the wearer.
He wears out to see no stain.
You wear us out.
Everybody wishes you would just go away.
Okay.
With your, with your worn out, with your, he's got like dishpan hands, you know, probably from pulling too many machines or pulling something too much.
Jesus God.
Why the hell did you come up with a stupid ass idea taking calls again?
I think that's because Joe Bell talked into it.
You know it.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm happy.
Good day, Deanna.
Happy month.
Happy Monday.
Happy your life to you.
Yes.
Yeah.
You're, uh,
granting on, uh, uh, Joe thizman.
It's kind of curious when you think back in time when Mr.
Mrs.
his parents are named, they're named Thiezman and, uh,
rumor has a bet he changed his pronunciation to, uh, thizman to rhyme with heistman.
So, uh,
uh,
uh,
uh,
you know, something that was so pathetic was almost good.
When it, I'm loving that was beautiful.
That was so lame that it was almost good in a very campy kind of way.
I was speaking to campy Dracula was on again the other day.
Uh-huh over the weekend.
Dracula.
Yes.
I watched a little bits and pieces.
Yeah.
I watch Ren feel because he reminds me of our callers.
This week.
I'll complain that it's town manager used a slavery term referred to
where black assistant has prompted golden beats,
balance, investigation.
You see this story?
Yeah.
Bonnallin will banks free 57 who is white called Barbara Terasenko,
a mami in front of other people last month.
According to a memo sent from councilwoman Camille,
Kalella Batista to other council members and the town attorney.
In an attempt to apologize, well, banks free, total assistant.
She loved Aunt Jomama.
Who doesn't?
Aunt Jomama.
As most everyone knows, a mami, including Aunt Jomama is a
derogatory person invented by whites to represent the black female
servant, Kalella Batista wrote.
The mami epitomizes servility with exceptionally natural cheerfulness.
For many blacks, this sort of sediment is as ridiculous and
demeaning as any pick and any pick and any.
What is pick and any?
I don't know.
I've never picked any.
Kalella Batista brought the matter up at this week's town council meeting,
but it was immediately shell.
They must have some heavy duty issues to deal with and golden beach too much
time in her hands.
Because this could open up the town to illegal, to legal implications,
it's best that the matter go undiscussed until we know exactly what happens
in town attorney Stephen Healthman.
Instead, he recommended having an outside firm to investigate the complaint,
although we expected to choose an investigator this week.
There was no discussion how much that the person would be paid during the
and how long the investigation would take.
Let's bring Joyce in, okay?
Get her off our ass.
You know, it's one hell of a commentary when the corporate legal bitch that they
brought in does no radio from her ass.
When she's out to help and to destroy the show and me and you and Norma
can't and everybody associated with us and she should only rot and only wish
only wish that we had a general manager that had the balls to stand up to that
bitch and would tell her to screw off.
Okay, but we got Joe Bell who's too nice of a guy.
Okay, it's one thing to be a nice guy.
It's another thing to be too nice of a guy.
You know what I'm saying?
As a picket in me.
What?
Whatever that is.
I don't even know what that is.
I guess we'll have to look it up.
Tara Sanco 55 told the hero that she's been working in an intimidating
environment since she began with the town four months ago.
When she heard Wilbanks' frees comments, it felt like somebody kicked me in
the stomach.
She said she went home crushed and humiliated.
I don't know.
I like that song by El Jolson.
Mammy, how I love you.
When that man came, I'm going to go to El Jolson.
I think that they need to show the song of the South at the next town council meeting.
Calm everybody down a little bit.
Take a chill.
She went home crushed and humiliated thinking of her grandmother earned money for
the family rearing white children.
I was not what the Mark Foley does the same.
At Tuesday nights, council meeting, Wilbanks free,
read a statement acknowledging recent criticism against her.
But since you wanted to continue running the wealthy town of about 350 homes,
golden beach.
Isn't that where they used to have like guys with no noses kind of like off the
one side?
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, youth too.
No.
You sure?
No.
I do wish to commend my staff that's been there for me and their patient and
supportive and it goes on and the client comment to their auto.
Mammy, my ass, you know, Mama.
Mama, that's what they say in the in the sweet water.
Mama, I'm sure would be the first time.
974 votes on that poll.
What I'd tell you almost a thousand by 11 o'clock.
And that's because I came up with a ass.
I'm sure would be the first time.
974 votes on that poll.
What I tell you almost a thousand by 11 o'clock.
And that's because I came up with a brilliant idea of taking a calls again.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your brain.
I'm really happy that you're joining us via satellite from London, Madonna.
I'm very grateful for you to give me this chance to set the record straight.
Good.
So tell us about this process that you went through to adopt David.
My wealth and my position may things go faster.
You use your wealth and celebrity to fast track the adoption.
Oh, yeah.
Did you ever speak to David's father?
Yes.
He says, according to the press, that he didn't fully understand what he was doing
when he agreed to let you adopt his son.
Is that true?
That is true.
I know I spun a story that is completely false.
And you know, brought nothing but chaos to his life.
What do you want to say to David's father?
Simple man who has nothing.
You're never going to see your child again.
Madonna's still not ready to make nice.
No.
Coming up.
I give oral and I cannot turn anyone away.
That's obvious.
9008.000 votes on the pool.
Man, that is pretty heavy duty in the first hour on our whole new deal.
We got a new deal, don't you think?
Sure.
Then after you are thought he had a new deal, we got the new deal here with
Nielis Lemiel, 9008.000 votes of all the things Niel talks about,
which is the most interesting view.
Now, you've done this pull before it's too bad, you know, I have to start
getting picky.
Starting tomorrow, Georgia's coming up with a poll ideas every day.
Right.
What's your favorite action movie every day?
Politics 481.
Well, forget about that.
No more politics.
Inside radio stuff 172, religion 150.
You see, you have to fight a balance in Orm saying somewhere.
And you can't do it.
You can't do it because you think that people wanting to hear the
callers.
You think that those people are like involved, interested, all of this stuff.
You think they care it right?
Exactly. Inside radio stuff 172, like Joyce's a bitch and we wish you would
die. That's inside radio.
And Joe Bell is a whoosh.
Religion 150.
I hit this pool 38, only 3.8%.
They like it.
They be liking it.
Gay stuff 34, Amsterdam 24, hockey 21.
The track 16.
Can you believe that Stan Worstheimer?
Seriously, I'm I'm just foaming at them.
I thought of the voicemail.
Yes, I had to talk to him for about 30 minutes.
He called that last week.
Yeah.
Thank God you hung up on them because that comment.
Why didn't you hang up on them?
I don't kind of know.
I just had it on speaker and I was working.
I wasn't even really listening.
Just type.
What I thought was he rambling about is if I have to know about the old
drama that Gulfstream.
Oh, go to hell or stand.
Go to hell.
The track 16, products he discovers 13 like that Dreamfields pasta and the GT express and the what is that a flavor wave?
And Bokker burgers.
Pretty Quinn 13.
I discovered him.
I wish slots eight.
There you go, Stan.
Well, give me the numbers of those eight people.
One here about slots and you can call them up at home every day and do your own show.
You idiot.
You abomination man.
You bug me.
Health problems seven, diets four and sports three.
That freaking stand worth.
I'm or he goes back about a hundred years.
I think ever since today I came to this town a hundred years ago.
There he was on the phone.
Well, casino gambling.
Yeah, what's it going to do?
Is it going to make it like into a big time place?
No.
Nothing is going to change that place.
Man, it is what it is and it's always going to be what it is.
Okay.
A festering swamp.
991 on the pool.
If I sound pissed off today, it's because I am because Joyce Fitch makes me want to vomit.
Mm-hmm.
And when I sit here thinking that, well, you know, what we've accomplished on this radio station
with little or no promotion or help in the last 10 years.
And the fact that we have to have this adversarial relationship with them like it's us against them.
Worthy enemy.
Worthy bad guy.
That's right.
We're bad.
We're evil.
I'm a bad guy.
We knew that.
Shouldn't know when I go in.
You said, hey, we ought to go over to QAAM, you know?
Oh, yeah.
Pacsnack.
You know something I would.
I already had a signed ed deal with Pacsnack.
I signed it and Norma can't tour it up and talk me into the coming over to this place.
Now, if we would have stayed with Pacsn, remember like he wound up selling?
Right.
And of course, we'd wound up with Cheap Channel.
And we'd probably be syndicated on about 500 stations right now, making $1,000,000 every year.
And without having to put up with this kind of crap like Joyce Fitch, it's a good thing that didn't happen.
Yeah, thank God for that.
WDQAM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
First time, long time.
Yeah, right.
And much too soon.
WDQAM, hello.
The OAM, yes, sir.
And Kramer is Jewish.
Yeah, okay, good.
Well, I'm happy for him.
Okay.
I'll rub my business for him.
Yeah.
He's Jewish.
Jews fly.
So it's so it's makes you pivot.
Okay.
And it's commitment.
WQAM, hello.
WDQAM, hello.
See, I'll go to a certain point and then all of a sudden I reach over and my thumb hits that yellow thing.
You know, just like you like an automatic reflex.
That's another thing Joyce.
Heck of a job, honey.
Doing a heck of a job.
And it's, you know, you had your lunch with Joe Bell.
You know, the old Latvian expression, Gorn is dolphin.
Is that what they said?
He might as well.
You might as well been talking to Felix the cat.
That's what I ordered for lunch.
What cat?
No, Gordon.
That's why your stomach is like your kishkeys are in a knot.
I think it was that lunch that sets you off.
Most of it ever since ever since then you've been like sick as a dog or cat.
Where did that expression come from?
Sick as a dog.
I don't know.
Dogs get sick, I guess.
No, I mean, they do get sick, but so does every other animal.
Don't they?
Where were they?
And I don't know.
Come from a sick as a dog.
Kind of a, I mean, kind of crap is that people make up all kinds of stupid crap.
They do.
Just as joy.
She'll tell you WQAM, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
This is Hillary Clinton wishing you happy holiday, thanks.
OK, thanks, Willery.
WQAM, hello.
Hi, man.
5.670560,
pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular wireless line.
See in the fur and the early stages of this,
a certain sense of massacres and makes it almost enjoyable, you know what I mean?
I said almost.
WQAM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Apparently Tom Brady is leaving the Patriots in the...
OK, and you're leaving the phone right now, OK?
You got an urgent call.
Your shrink is on the phone.
He said he's going to shrink it for you.
5.670560, pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular wireless line.
As the hits just keep on coming.
That's what we're going to do is four hours of this every day.
You ready for that?
Sure, why not?
Well, what are you going to do in here?
That's what you do anyway when I'm not on.
Of course, I'm not going to read all those stories and horrible out of it anyway.
Yeah, that's what I think.
That's what Josh told me.
He said you stumble and fumpioly.
I do.
You don't even know what that means.
Don't know how to pronounce half the things I'm reading.
WQAM, hello.
Neil, right before I called you, I put on my Ken Zareen lip cloth.
Yeah.
OK, great.
WQAM, hello.
That's my child.
QAM.
Oh, Neil, God, how are you today, sir?
OK, sir.
Say you're still looking for the definition for picking any?
Yeah.
It's a racial slang term, you know, I'm really surprised you haven't heard of it.
Well, I never heard of it.
OK, I'm not really big on the similar racial slang term.
I'm going to have to like brush up.
I know.
It refers to small black children, but it originated from picanos, ninos, which I'm sure George can interpret for you.
How about that?
Anyway, man, I'll go ahead.
How about taking it?
Fort Myers, you're booming in and there's no clouds.
All right.
OK, brother, happy holiday.
Thanks a lot, Pellie, and back to you.
There's a call from Fort Myers.
As a matter of fact, I should have told him that for the right press we let him go over there
and bust Joyce's neck.
I'll take up a collection.
Yeah, or I was going to say Bashar brains him, but I would take a search.
I started off.
998 votes on the pool.
I bet you if I refresh it, we got our thousand already, which means we got a fine job done 999.
Next photo will be 1000 already.
Pretty heavy duty for Monday morning, especially right after Thanksgiving weekend.
Aren't you impressed by that?
No, you're not.
You're not impressed.
No.
Aren't you impressed by these calls?
No, come on.
WDQAAM, hello.
Story is good.
Phone call.
No, good.
Oh, see, I'm telling you, one hundred and fifty thousand.
That was a funny call.
You'll Roger.
George Rodriguez.
No, good.
WDQAAM, hello.
I don't think it'll all be that good.
QAAM.
Good morning.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, how are you doing?
I'm OK.
How are you?
I'm well.
Thank you.
Is this Neil and Persons?
Yes, it is.
In the flesh.
With my clothes on today, no less.
Wow.
How saying?
I haven't been hearing you lately because I have been working a lot.
I wanted to ask you, if you have seen that show Dexter on Showtime?
No, I have not.
Or has anybody ever talked about it?
I never heard of it.
Oh, it's really good.
I recommend it to everybody.
I asked everybody if they've seen it.
And so far.
They all say no.
Everybody said no.
I don't know.
But it's about a policeman who's like a serial killer.
We got a thousand votes, by the way.
That was just for the audience to say.
Yeah, who?
Yeah, exactly.
But anyway, if you had seen it, we could have a discussion about it.
But if you haven't seen it then.
What's it about?
It's about a kid who gets adopted by a police officer when he's a little boy.
And he's on the dark side.
He's like a serial killer kind of kid.
But he winds up.
His father, who adopts him, teaches him how to channel his psychotic behavior.
And he's a police officer in forensics.
And he just goes after bad people.
And kiddos like other serial killers.
Well, that's very intriguing.
And it's got a good spot.
The characters, the dialogue.
Well, I'm going to chase it down and find it.
Yeah, Showtime is on Sunday night.
And then they have some reruns too.
So it's had like eight episodes or so.
But it's very considering I recommended it.
What are you playing in a background?
Or what is that?
Oh, it's on the dark side.
She saw it on the dark side.
You said he was on the dark side.
I've heard you've seen the show?
No, but I've seen it listed.
I've heard it was good from everyone that's had it.
You know what movie that's from on the dark side?
It's from that awful, any in the cruise.
A little.
With Michael Pere, which, sorry, I mentioned it.
Okay, thanks a lot, sweetheart.
Listen, I'm glad I thank you for taking my call.
Thank you for making your call.
See ya.
She was very nice.
But do anybody ever say thank you for taking my call?
Why do people say that?
I get three.
Ask you to call.
And if you have something to say is when we ask you to call.
If you're an idiot, we would, you know, I mean, whatever you want.
This company doesn't care.
This company doesn't give a fine crap what you do.
Okay, they don't care.
They will not lift a finger.
They won't raise an elbow up in a year.
They won't fart over it.
And that's fine.
That's fine.
Let me say it again.
We have a hostile, an adversarial relationship with this company.
And just about everybody connected with it.
And that's the way they wanted.
Okay?
Not the way I wanted or George wants it.
Even Josh wants it all.
Who he couldn't care less.
That's the way they wanted.
And you know what?
Hubman Dread.
Oh my god, your breasts are beautiful.
This is 2020.
George, the Republicans had their ass handed to the term the election.
Here's a recording of what Dix said during his campaign.
The President of the United States is dishonest.
This is the President of the United States.
Purposely misled the American people.
What do you think about that?
Dick Cheney's a man of sh** and a faithful Muslim.
Well, George, we got a surprise for you.
Here's Dick Cheney himself.
From George.
Dick, what are you doing with that BB gun?
Dick Cheney's an ass sh**.
What are you doing?
George, I don't know why I did you with it.
Are you crazy?
I'm the value of the president trying to President of the United States.
Definitely was there.
Dick Cheney can f**k off tonight on 2020.
Okay, boys, now just calm down.
What is it?
1117 already.
Holy crap.
And we already got 1,000 and 12 votes on the pool.
What do I tell you?
Bringing these calls back would put us over the top man.
Give us about an 80 share again.
All right.
The masses out there don't want to hear someone pontificating
and reading all of these area-dyte-all this garbage.
Okay?
They don't want that.
Right.
And you should have learned that a long time ago,
but no, being a hard-assed H.U.R.
Oh, and by the way, they got to know what the hell it was the product.
I saw a product on TV over the weekend.
Instead of waxing and instead of shaving your body,
it's like a begins with a T.
I forget what the name of it is.
Have you seen that?
No.
Oh, yeah, it's like a little thing.
And it just, oh yeah.
What do you like?
Just rub it?
Just a rub it, yeah.
Anyway, here's a couple of facts.
The first one says, and of course,
leave it to these people out there.
They don't know what they want.
You know, I'm cringing with embarrassment listening to these calls.
Stop, please, please, please, please.
And of course, the answer to that is no chance.
No, stop.
Yeah, mom, okay?
It's been this way for as long as I can remember.
It's not going to change.
The South Florida audience has got nothing to bring to the table.
And we took about 100 calls.
They're one of them was kind of cute to one at the, whatever he said.
The Scotty Mac Jr. guy.
Right.
So there you go.
And of course, the more you take, the more those you get.
And when you stop and think about the fact that over the years,
over 30 years in the market, I had like that one outstanding call to Bridge Tender.
It's like legendary at this point.
Am I right?
So that goes to sure another 30 years.
Am I getting another one?
Yes.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Like that.
But I doubt it.
See, I never knew that thing about Lasseter in the air.
What is it?
What that fake call?
Mr. Airstream.
I never knew that that was a rip off of the Bridge Tender.
I never heard it.
And I guess you played it.
Which I have no idea where you got that from.
From the download site, we linked his blog and also the audio board where you could download.
I just think you're going a little bit overboard.
Well, Mr. Airstream was funny and killed a lot of time.
Oh.
Like I said, that was good.
The good thing on your part.
Here's the other one.
Joan Fleischman, who writes a really Yanta column in the herald, says North Miami Beach resident Monique Cherry,
or is that Cherie attending anger management classes for assaulting husband Luke earlier this year,
has been rear-rested for slicing his penis with a three inch razor blade.
Don't cut!
She can fess cop say, I cut him.
He can't force me to have sex with him.
Officers took her to jail on aggravated battery charge.
Happened at their home around 9.30 p.m. November 7th,
police say Monique 50s, Luke 52, if he wanted oral sex.
And he said, yes.
She went to a dresser, got the blade, and proceeded to perform Filetio,
from officer George Rocky Festus report, Rocky Festa.
Wow, I wonder if he uses a Sesta, old Rocky Festa.
I hear he's kind of a Pesta.
She used the razor blade to slice the victim's penis while he was erect, causing a severe laceration from the tip to the base.
Don't cut!
Their teenage son heard his dad's call for help and ran into the bedroom.
The door was locked.
Randy Bailey 31, boyfriend of the couple's daughter, Barbara 26, kicked it open.
Luke was lying naked in bed holding Monique by her wrists.
Her face and nightgun were covered in blood festers reports it.
In her right hand was the razor blade.
Bailey took it away.
Barbara used a towel to stop his bleeding.
Paramedics took him to Jackson Memorial Hospital's Rider Trauma Center.
I guess that's where you take a sliced penis to the trauma center.
Barbara told police her parents used to hit each other and that their mothers become more aggressive and violent toward the family.
The reports as Monique has been treated for schizophrenia and diagnosed with bipolar disorder but refused to take her medicine.
Monique said that she intentionally sliced him so she could die in jail.
Luke is out of the hospital.
He says he's okay but wouldn't elaborate.
We'll give you no details.
There's a new story that we're always a gay again before here on this show.
Anything that's got to do with private is something you can sink your razor into.
10-20 like KDK in Pittsburgh went out to 10-23.
I don't know what's 10-23 on the dial.
I guess nothing.
10-23 on your A.M. dial.
One of the things that Neil talks about which is the most interesting to you.
We still don't have that package yet so they haven't called yet.
When I phone rings I'm going to go racing out of here.
I got all the joltes on the phone.
I'll keep it up ready to go.
Not Mammy.
Wait a minute.
Mammy how I love you.
You don't have that dude.
It's bad.
That's it.
I got schizzles.
I just have that on the 70th RP.
Everything seems lovely.
All right.
When you start to roll.
The birds are singing.
So who do you like better Larry Parsons?
El Jolson.
I guess enough right now.
He was the jazz singer.
He was the original.
Yeah.
He was Jewish by the way.
Just like what's the name?
It wasn't Michael Richards.
Of all the things Neil talks about which is the most interesting to you.
Politics 491.
Inside Radio Stuff 181.
Religion 159.
And after that it's really small taters.
I hate this pool only 393.8% of over 1,000 people.
How do you like that gay stuff 36?
They like gay stuff.
Amsterdam 25.
Hockey 23 which we never discussed because who cares about the Panthers?
Obviously nobody.
Especially when in Washington.
You know my schedule on Friday you were out.
It said the Panthers were hosting the Washington Senators at the Macarena.
The only problem is the Washington Senators are an ancient baseball team that no longer exists from his Indian years ago in the American League.
It's the Ottawa Senators and the Washington Crapidels from the Leaf Speed Friday night 7-1.
Before going into a comb against the Bruins on Saturday.
While the Panthers were losing the Ottawa 64 and then losing to Atlanta over the weekend one zip.
Now who the hell did I hear say that Alex Ald the goalie is the future of the Panther organization?
I got news for you.
If he's the future of that organization that team ain't got no future.
Because he sucks.
But anyway.
Hockey 23, products he discovered 16.
The track 16 Brady Quinn a lucky 13 baby.
I thought he wore number 10.
I give him a 10.
Slots 9, health problems 8.
Josh is very upset by the way that the kept showing Brady Quinn way too much during that U.S.
He noted in game on Saturday night.
That's right.
Very upset.
I liked it.
He looked good to me.
I mean they got the see it's a perfect combination with me.
It's a win-win situation.
You know.
Quinn Quinn situation.
That's correct.
Slots 9.
Let's talk about the slots.
Let's get Stan Worthhime around them.
I just got a great idea.
Yeah.
We can endure these people to West by doing like they do on the other.
The sport shows we can start having segments.
We can have Stan Worthhime or do they?
Slot machines.
Slot mines.
Yeah.
Woo.
I got the red 7 for it.
Slot the five times in a wheel of fortune.
Maybe three grand.
All right.
Then we could do the different tracks.
Right.
You know, thoroughbred harness and dog.
Health problems eight.
Sports four and diets four.
And we could talk about harness racing a lot too.
Talk about gel man Jesus.
Highlight.
Let's talk about highlight.
But a Gilmore.
Get a highlight segment out there.
Right.
Headlight Gilmore.
Hey, baby.
And John Gilmore.
Et cetera.
Doug Gilmore.
See that's pretty clever.
They're mixing harness, racing and hockey a little bit together.
Oh, God.
That was out there.
Yeah.
Well, listen to the audio on that.
Woo.
Most of a towel over his head.
And I was billhueo when he was a little under the weather and under the towel there from 100
years ago.
Least in the abruans no less.
Look at that.
There's for less basito.
Let's get hockey intensive.
WQM hockey headquarters.
Hello.
Neil, I missed you taking calls.
Well, here we go.
Here's your chance in the right in the sunshine, baby.
Right in the daylight.
Step out there.
It's your moment of glory.
Hey, you know, when you read the bedtime stories, it reminded me of Mark Scheinbaum reading
the Norman Schwartz-Coff book for a year.
Oh, I got news for him, man.
I ain't no Mark Scheinbaum.
Not yet.
I'm working on it.
And can you replace the S-word with Shiite?
Yeah, okay.
We already did that.
But that's our audience, man.
They're a little bit slow.
You know, they're a little bit slow.
Let's hear some Al Jolson again.
What do you say?
1036 on a pool, man.
I've said to the sky's the limit today.
And that's another thing.
I don't care.
You know, I'm not going to get all whipped up.
Let's go for a thousand.
Who cares, you know?
Right.
I got a whole different attitude, especially after I had that phone call from Norma Kent Friday
night and just got, I'm not calling to get you aggravated, but then he goes in.
We're in the middle of Thanksgiving weekend, you know?
Norma, you are a quizzling and a fruitcake, okay?
A screaming, flaming fag.
A silly person.
I don't want to get chuffed up.
And it was really nothing I needed to hear.
It was absolutely nothing other than something that would just aggravate me, okay?
Mostly about Joyce.
Joyce this.
And Joyce that, why don't you go over there and take a take a, just like that woman,
slice the husband's penis, okay?
Why should take a sharp razor blade over there to the west coast and slice Joyce's penis
and that would be good.
She deserved it.
She got a big one, I understand.
Razor blade.
Here's the fact that it says, talking about getting rid of body here, I use
Nair with cucumber to remove my body.
Here my girlfriend does it for me.
It's a 15 minute process and really works.
Oh, from Stuttering Gil.
Stuttering Gil's got a girlfriend.
And her name is, oh, I don't know, Stuttering Gil.
John.
The biggest name of the best talent to the business, Neil Rogers,
4th radio, 560, QAM.
You really need to go.
X-Lax can help.
When you really want to go, go with X-Lax.
This week on Trump's,
I have just went off.
I apologize.
I'm a cartoon character.
Me, love, bitch.
In Jessica Simpson's stars.
Wait, I'm confused.
If I'm a dumb blonde.
Everyone knows that chicken of the sea is tuna, but what you might not know is
that tuna is fish not chicken.
I never thought I'd say this about a TV show, but this is kind of stupid.
Only on Trump's.
70,000, 70,000.
And over, over, over, over,
David, Bobby, Bobby, Bobby, Bobby.
Oh, that's it.
FU and baby, we're bringing the fun back into radio.
Is that what we're doing?
Today, sure.
Let's say that's what we're doing.
Fun for some.
1047, fun for the female minded.
1047 on a pool.
And the faxes, man, what do you send to me here?
Just stuff pouring in here.
Crap.
Yeah.
Wow.
You see that?
We got more faxes today than we did all day Friday.
Of course, we didn't get any Friday.
You want to know why?
You were playing bits all day?
We were playing bits all day.
And there was nobody in that room anyway to send them if they didn't come in.
Is there anything in the Constitution-prebiting Hillary for Princess?
No, not that part, the second part.
Oh, and look at this.
This PSGAL stream's got no wheel of fortune, which it says,
Boo, amen.
I'm waiting for Pompano Park to get the slots in in the spring or in the winter,
whenever, after the first of the year.
I want my own wheel of fortune, my Sheenman.
When it's like on 100% payout all the time.
Your own name on it, like on a plaque.
That's correct.
Oh, you can't sit there.
That's Niels' machine, man.
So anyway, I'm not interested in politics.
Okay, give it up.
I gave it up as of this weekend.
Just like I gave up Joyce and I gave up Joe Bell and gave up any, you know,
hope of any meaningful relationship with this company.
They suck.
They're pathetic.
They're a bunch of clowns, you know?
They want to, like, wave a magic wand like that, the sounder you got there,
whatever the thing is.
Where is it?
Which one?
The magic wand.
Oh, that one.
That's one.
And like all of a sudden, everything's just going to fall into place and be hunky-dory.
Speaking of Jim Dory, boy, he sure looked good.
Of course that's a long time ago.
We don't look so good anymore.
27 till noon at 560 WQA.
Well, they like, let's see, how's Brady Quinn doing on our pool?
He's still got 13 votes.
He's behind the track, behind the eight ball, and behind the track.
And Josh doesn't think he's going to be the number one draft pick in the draft.
Oh, man.
You are so jaundiced and jaded, you know?
Whatever.
You think he's as good as he is.
Good looking, I guess.
Well, that's a good line.
He has broken almost every record in a history of a Notre Dame.
He's like awesome.
Awesome.
He picks the opposition to pieces apart.
And if they wouldn't have kept dropping his balls in that game against USC,
they might actually have been in that game, although they were playing against a much superior team.
Well, I don't think he's going to cut it in the league.
You don't think he's going to cut it?
No.
Let me make a suggestion to you.
Okay, cut the crap.
I could still cancel that check.
Like I said, he is the number one draft pick.
For the cares, okay?
You think I'd give it to him about that?
He's going to be a superstar, baby.
The dolphins, boy.
I mean, he's no Joey Harrington.
I'll give you that.
And of course, you notice now how everybody's kissing up to Joey Harrington.
Oh, he was so good in that game against the Lions, his former team.
Give me a break.
A bunch of overgrown children.
That's the problem with the so-called sports fans.
It's a lot like a bunch of overgrown children's.
Pathetic.
And God forbid.
I mean, like it was some surprise they had to have a press conference on Friday to announce
that Larry Coker was getting fired.
Like everybody didn't know that after he lost two games.
When you're coaching a hurricane football team, baby, in this town, you lose one game.
You got real problems.
They turned on you like a cornered rat.
You lose two games, and they totally lose interest.
How many people they have there for the BC game Thanksgiving night?
23,000?
Wow.
So they say.
Yeah.
Maybe 15,000, maybe.
Who now wants to go see a team that's lost six games?
Oh, but it's our hurricanes ride.
And we put that piece of garbage on the year on Friday.
I am so, neither one of you probably heard it.
Is it still in there, I wonder?
What?
That they came racing in there with some piece of about, well, where are the hurricane station?
And uh, uh, uh, uh, hurricanes made a coaching change.
And uh, we'll be talking about starting it too today.
In other words, because you got this damn Neil Rogers show on right now, uh, he's playing, playing the rack all day on the day after Thanksgiving.
Mm-hmm.
Playing the rack.
He didn't even want to talk about it anyway.
What is there to talk about?
About Old Larry Coquette, okay?
So he won one national championship.
That's ancient history.
They lost six freaking games.
And this business about their bull eligible.
Oh my god.
That's, that to me is just like a slap right in the face, you know what?
That would be like if Joyce came into your living room and then just lifted up her skirt and just dropped a huge load all over your property.
Wouldn't just like that.
Yeah, well, she already did that to the show.
Right.
At least she keeps trying.
And I got news for her.
I'm going to ignore that bitch.
She's got nothing to do with me.
I have nothing to do with her.
She got nothing to do with me or the show.
She wouldn't know a radio if we took my big old zenith radio from when I was a kid, which is a pretty big radio.
And she had the whole thing way up inside her gut in her butt.
And these people, well, a corporate legal said that just a bunch of whatseas we got there, man.
Remember that story I had a couple weeks ago about that guy's name was Pussy.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Very Pussy, I think.
That's what they are.
56670560, pound 560 and leave a residence in Singular Rattles Line.
If Norma can't ever cause me with more aggravation that I don't need, that's about stuff that I don't need to hear about.
I'm not interested.
What word don't you understand?
You see, and he's always calling when he's either on a way or he's at the arena with a hockey game.
Because he's got some young twinkie there with him, some punk that he probably picked up on the street corner there in Fort Lauderdale.
He's got some goofball there at the game he's trying to improve.
I'm going to call Neil Rogers now, my number one client.
Like those kids have any idea who the hell Neil Rogers is?
You see what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Jesus, Norma, just go away.
Okay, if you want to call somebody and get all whipped up, call up Joe Bell, okay?
He's used to it.
Call him up.
Talk about his lunch with George.
56670, see, if they're not going to be keeping their phones ringing the whole four hours,
then I'm going to have to go back tomorrow, starting like an interspersed bunch of crap, which I don't want to do that.
Like you said, you know, they need some training.
Maybe you ought to whip them.
No, I know.
This is the way it always has been.
Why not?
They want the calls, but they're just aren't any.
They have no material.
They've got nothing to say.
After all this time, you know what, it reminds me of?
What's that?
It reminds me after I was off the year for seven months when Paxton made me to go away.
Uh-huh.
And I was mostly in Europe during those seven months having a wonderful time.
Kind of a gay old time.
And then I come back and all this stuff that happened in either room, you know, Diana died and the Andrew Koon anything.
I might be beaten in a houseboat.
There were a lot of pretty significant stories happening in the seven months and I get on the year and they got nothing to say.
Sure.
About anything.
That's the one thing that will never ever change.
Right.
The problem is with the calls.
If it was kind of an ethnic thing like Aileong, then we got callers from people I've been in.
Who's been an animal hasn't even made it a sure yet.
I'll say the same thing of course, but right.
But why don't you do it during the Aileong thing?
We're all going like that.
Like that.
WQA, hello.
Nearly.
Yes, sir.
What's the daily?
Welcome back, George.
You know, the Miami dolphins, Larry Coket and all these callers are.
Oh, he's got a board.
He's got his own board and his own sound effects and his own material.
All right.
You're hired, pal.
We're going to put you on for a weekend show as long as you.
There are no punches put on your show.
You had a morning show.
I'd listen to it.
No punches put.
Yeah, that's right.
We'd listen to this morning show.
Especially if you didn't have any segments with these boring sports nerd guys.
Although now that we got Lamar Thomas on here, man.
Well, I sure think he's going to beat the competition.
He will pulp five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in the Verizon and
singular wireless one here on a station that has no self respect, man.
None Eric Reed talking through his teeth.
It's Eric Reed the voice of the heat.
By the way, the heat stink this year and it got no for a while.
How long is he going to be out, Josh?
Do we know?
No, I don't.
Well, you better get on it for a while.
For a guy that don't know Josh booty from your own.
I can't believe that.
Now, when even I remember Josh booty and you don't, that tells me that you're trying to get all that
Marlon all that party your life out of your head.
No, trying to forget all about it.
You know, working with a guy with a bad hair piece and a really hot wife.
I mean, they've been boring.
I don't know why you get so hostile about that.
He's terrible, man.
He's awful.
No, he's not.
He's awful.
In fact, you said off the ear that call that we played that promo that the Marlins win the World Series.
That was the most embarrassing call in the history of baseball, okay?
And you said it.
And who might have disagree?
But you're right about Joe Buck.
He sucks on football.
He's bad.
Born.
See, the problem is now you got Fox and CBS and ESPN.
You got like 80 million ball games on here.
Now, they don't have any announcers to broadcast against.
So they put all these turds on there, you know?
And all these old washed up like Don Cricky and Dick Stockton.
I hope you're in Boca-Listin, Dick.
You really, like I told you, right to your ear, man, that time Hank put them on the air.
Remember, he sucks.
Maybe a good Jewish boy, Dick, but you know, and he's lucky to have that wife.
Is that a miracle or what?
Of all the things Neil talks about, which is the most interesting to you, politics,
five, oh six, one of the elections over there's nothing to talk about, okay?
Bush bashing, you know, what's there to say?
Talk about preaching to the choir.
Inside radio stuff, one 88.
And the inside radio news is that Joyce blows.
Religion 166.
And after that, the rest are like teeny tiny.
I hate this poll only 42, 3.9%.
Gay stuff 38, Amsterdam 27, hockey 25.
Let me see if they got the audio fixed on that Leafs TV.
Great time, you're getting it.
20th, 23rd track.
Well, look at that. They're showing a nice old game.
Boston 8303, that's good.
We want to remember those games.
Hockey 25, the track 17, Prodacy Discover 16.
Well, I'm going to go out and try to discover some new things every day, you know?
All right.
Brady Quinn 13.
I'm going to have a meet with Brady and see if I can discover something.
I know the first place I'd look.
Health problems 9, slots 9, sports 5, and diets 5.
Let's do some diet talk, what do you say?
Ooh.
In fact, last night, the, uh, informational,
the Ron Popeel, uh, informational for the, uh, what's that, uh,
toaster thing that rotisserie he's got.
All right.
And now the puppet of the Atkins, a little bit behind the time is Ron,
if you guys need me, but everybody's name's the best talent.
Little bit late, Lonnie.
Roger, 40, 70 minutes.
We're going to be in the U.A.M.
You get a lot of b-
R!
The Rogers on Sports Hole Radio, WQ-A-M!
Now, inside addition, George,
rumor has it you're not very good with computers.
Uh, I hear there's rumors on the, uh, internet.
Yeah, there are rumors on the internet, lots of them.
We can, uh, have filters on internet.
I, yeah, I'm going to try to teach you a little bit about computers.
Is there hope for me?
Do I have a chance?
Well, young children can do it.
Here's our children learning.
Yeah, much faster than you do.
Now, pay attention.
Yes.
This is your computer keyboard.
You're not supposed to touch, because it might shock you.
No, it's not going to shock you.
Now, do you know what Google is?
Yes.
I want other things that I've used on the Google is, uh, to pull up maps.
And it is dangerous.
Oh, it's not dangerous.
But uh...
Okay, George, here, you take the keyboard.
Now, you serve the internet with the Google.
I...
Oh!
Inzobitation will be right back in the industry.
14 to 9 at 560 WQM.
You're a new and improved Neil Rogers.
Show what 80 billion calls every day.
Okay, we're going to go through these like, stick on, uh, joys.
Are we not?
Okay.
You'll see.
I don't see any calls on the board or right now.
Let's, let's go start with this one.
Okay, that's one of our better ones.
567-0560.
See, one thing I don't want to lecture anybody, but I'll do it anyhow.
Don't give me a solid evidence about how we've got to have the calls back.
And he's got to talk to these people.
And then, of course, there aren't any calls, you know?
I've gone through that for like 20 of the last 30 years in this town.
For like 28 of the last 30 years.
Because other than the, uh, 4 or 5 misfits who are calling like 400 times today.
Other than that, there aren't any calls.
They have nothing to say.
Right.
You see that flurry on there now?
I see it.
Oh, there it is, flurry on.
WQAM, hello.
Good morning, you're welcome back.
Welcome, why didn't people keep saying welcome back?
What does that mean?
Because you're taking phone calls again.
That was part of your, your whole, you know, hey, uh,
they're saying that better.
Man, man calls a lot more than you are.
Yeah, great.
Well, have a good time listening to him.
Okay.
567-0560.
Pound 560 and he's rising in singular wireless line.
And thanks very much, by the way, for calling to inform me of that.
Okay.
He's a panic.
He's going to have a 0.1 in the market, just like all the other, uh,
all these other shows, the import, just like Bill O'Reilly with his point.
Oh, you're fairy.
Oh, WQAM, hello.
Neil, remember you said that handicap show on the satellite TV from Papano Park?
What are you talking about?
You used to handicap the horses on the satellite dish.
Yeah.
You did that with, uh, all right.
I forgot.
I'm sure that I'm an encounter myself.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Good.
Yeah, I'm good.
And you're correct.
You said you, you shut a few, or you almost shut a few.
Really?
All right.
All right.
No, I mean, you're tricking out the front, man.
Hey, don't stop now.
These are great.
Hey, they are good, man.
This is what they want.
This is what Joe Bell wants, baby.
He didn't have the balls to come and tell me that, you know, they told you something about,
wow, what I'm hearing is that they want the call.
Well, they got the calls back.
Okay, Joe, I hope you're really happy now.
Okay.
I hope this is the kind of show that you can be proud of.
And when we start inserting those sports segments, man, with Pat Summaryl and Bo Schembeckler
from his deathbed, then we're going to have some really great and Lou Holtz.
Let's get all the old farts on here.
Okay, let's get Bobby Bowden on there.
What do you say?
Let's get what's in him?
He needs to do a much.
Let's get Larry Cokhead with a segment on the show.
What do you say?
And Dave Van Boring, maybe he can show us what a really bad hairpiece looks like.
He ain't said moaned got nothing on him.
That's what Josh told me.
He said, most hairpiece looked beautiful compared to what the thing that must-grat that Dave
Van Boring was running around with in the press box.
He said, people used to scatter up there when he'd come in.
You know what you said?
That's what he said.
He's not in here right now.
No, no, no, no.
Tell me he's day thinking of gigantic joists again now.
Wow.
Yeah.
He ordered like three meals from how he's, or four.
Which reminds me.
I mean, how can you let me forget about my bacon this morning?
Uh, I'm sorry.
Well, that's because we were too busy.
Well, you've been away for a week.
And I was catching you up today with all the bitching and moaning and fucking up all that.
Out of the routine.
So I didn't have time to go in there and make my microwave bacon.
That's bad.
Maybe I should do that right now while you're taking a word of like a week's worth of food and is already gone halfway through it.
And it's gone halfway through him.
WQA, I'm hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Have you got a chance to do the movie, Borat?
No.
Enjoy the video.
It's a very, very good movie.
Yeah.
I've got.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, I'd like to first do times you got on.
And this time you got on it the same as the first two, okay?
That's still I can work.
And it doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter what.
He calls even though he never gets on.
It still doesn't matter because it ain't going to never get on the air.
And they're not going to do anything about it anyway.
Right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Hey, here's the power.
What is it?
Josh telling his face off.
Wow.
Howling his face off.
Yeah.
What do you do is stick his face in the toilet?
I think he worked up a sweat.
About a hundred.
Wow.
Well, that's what happens when you order four meals.
Why is he got to make up for a long time?
You know, he wasn't there on Friday.
I'm like, I'm sure he didn't have more than like 75 meals from Thanksgiving.
Are they going to do anything?
Not that I care about line one because it's not like we're getting flooded with call today,
but are they going to do anything about that sometime this year or not?
Right.
WQAM.
Hello.
Neil, I was watching that NFL show on CBS.
And Shannon, he goes.
Okay, good.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Oh, hi.
I was wondering if I could speak with Neil.
Speaking.
Oh, Mr. Rogers.
Yes, Mr. Crawling.
The reason I'm calling is, first of all, to tell you how extremely I have to pain in you all
and how amazing your powers of association are.
But the other thing I'm calling about is, although I'm not for the stroke, what is it?
What is it?
No, no, no.
Yeah, what I'm saying is that when you do elect to take callers, which I don't think you need to do,
because most of them are pretty annoying.
When you do elect to do that, sometimes it just seems as if those people who are calling just to try to be nice
or just to say a lower, just to tell you anything.
Sometimes you're so rude to them when they are trying to just speak with you.
When you're just trying to kiss my ass because it's boring?
No, no, no.
Yes, yes, yes, it's boring.
It's like when people would call up Larry King the same thing.
Oh, I really love your show.
Thank you.
Thank you.
It's boring.
It's ass kissing.
Nobody wants to hear that.
I don't mean that people are trying to kiss your ass.
I mean that people are just trying to legitimately say something to you.
There can only be one arbiter of what's interesting and what's boring.
That's the truth.
It's boring.
Like Casino Stan, for example, who's been boring me with the same crap for 30 years now.
I don't want to hear him.
That's all.
I need to do the listeners.
Of course.
I'd much rather have a show with just you talking instead of having ridiculous funcals.
Well, we tried that for a couple of months and believe me, the audience don't want to hear that.
We took that poll and we had 80 billion votes on there and overwhelming.
They can't stand it.
They don't want no part of that.
Right.
Well, at any rate, I didn't want to leave.
Believe me, believe me, it's 10 times as much work for me, but nevertheless, they still don't want it and the hell with them.
Have a great day, pal.
You too.
See.
You say you too, I can't stand them.
116 votes on the poll, man.
They're coming in in chunks today.
You see that?
And that's because the audience is euphoric.
They're dancing on the table, tops, man.
They're dancing in the streets.
You'll see.
It'll be on the front page of every damn newspaper, the weekly reader.
You'll come to realize what an ad mistake you made.
Talking to me under reading that stale old crap.
Roodle.
God.
I'm telling you, man, it's draining.
It's a draining experience.
It's taking it just by two o'clock, my kishkeys are aching.
They're aching inside my colon.
Feel like just laying in the corner and passing out or at least eating a half a gallon of ice cream.
That's another thing.
It's bad for my health.
Reading all those bedtime stories can be hazardous to my health.
By the way, Joyce, I got something that has hazardous to your health.
WQAAM, hello.
QAAM, hello.
Start later.
Oh, yeah.
WQAAM, hello.
Hey, can I talk to Neil?
Speaking.
Hey, what's up, Neil?
How you doing, sir?
Good.
I didn't know I was going to get on right on with you there.
When you're on right away, I punch it up just like magic.
Hey, did you actually leave the Miami area?
What do you mean by that?
I mean, did you actually move out of the area?
No, I still have my house there.
Oh, OK.
I don't live there very often.
They're like maybe 20 days a year and that's 20 days too much.
That's a big good enough for me.
Probably the 20 coldest days of North, right?
No, just the 20 most boring days of my life.
No, I haven't, I haven't called you in a really long time.
You know what it is, Neil?
I think a lot of your fans actually like moved out of South Florida.
Yeah, I think you all kind of got the message of what a rat hole is.
Right, that's correct.
Well, what do you mean that place where you call me from?
I actually, I'm actually listening to you online.
And I'm calling you from Orlando, which I have to call.
Wow, how much better?
Heavy due to your right.
Step up.
Wow.
Well, when I moved here a few years ago, it was really nice,
but then all the people from South Florida started this like heaven for going.
I was down in Miami this past weekend.
I think I know why you're, you don't get a lot of calls down there.
I was down in Miami to visit some family for Thanksgiving.
And I took my daughter to a playground down there in Pinecrash,
which is, you know, a pretty affluent area.
How old's your daughter about 34?
No, six.
Oh, okay.
So I took her there to play, and the kids were like not friendly at all.
They were very light-headed.
Hostile and suspicious, and what are you doing here like that?
Exactly.
It's like the adults, right?
Well, you know what was interesting about the adults is that I would say about 85% of them did not speak English at all.
Well, listen, I hope you have a good life in Orlando.
Okay.
I'll just tell him, Josh.
1109.
I wonder where we go with that same old crap again.
It's just like, you know, now the Stephen Harper said,
Quebec is a nation.
Quebec is a nation in my ass, okay?
It's like South Carolina is a nation.
It's just all this separatist crap, man.
Speak it English.
That's what he's trying to say.
Usually it's the women that start with that.
Maybe he's like a real a lady or something.
We've got these names of best talent in the audience.
They're coming to Orlando, baby.
They're going to...
This is British Quinn.
Whatever I shape my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1-hour.
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
I want a hit of the wa da AIi but there we'll sing a chant at off so just don't make me a sports queen if I want to see them
watch here again so what more am i gonna teach you Tob remembrance
I want to
Never get done
No, the days of a vision school. Okay, that's not so great. But
For the next
At least until he's 28
I
Great
I want to
Please
I
Will
Be wow
You got the kids
You wait
To the enjoy like
Great
Wait
Okay, 1202 I guess it's the first time you heard that right? Yes it is. Well, it's so cute. Kind of gay but never less.
And so it's Brady 1121 votes on the pool of all the things NEO talks about which is the most interesting you
It's an excellent pull question. We've done it before but you know what? Too bad?
And let me just make one other comment too for that puts up in Orlando with his you know his theory over the
Speaks and whatever he really wants to talk about what he doesn't want to say
That's why he moved away
I'm sure he's not the only one but nevertheless. I mean he's got the point about nobody speaks English but you know something
It doesn't we don't we don't do that. I'm not interested in anybody you know
I've survived this long 30 years
About 30 minutes back in market almost 10 years on this radio station
And then let me just ask you this what is it that we ask for under station?
We ask for anything basically other than to get paid on payday which they have it nice go with the chase by the way. Keep it going.
That's about all I can say for them working equipment would be nice. Equipment that works would be nice but we don't even make a big fuss about that
Even though it's an embarrassment and on professional and pathetic pathetic and we'd like to be loved alone
Well when hell's that gonna stuff when Joyce Croke's yeah
I mean like on Friday I'm sitting here and I'm playing the rack and of course you remember in previous years
I would work many times on Thanksgiving day for whatever reason as I was stupid I guess
And I would play the rack and and there was a great choice of stuff to play and like I told Miguel on Friday
I'm sitting in here going to the rack and I'm like out of every 10 there's like maybe one or two that I can play
And everything else we can't play that we certainly can't play that for no good reasons
See we would understand if there was that I could understand because the the Janet Jackson and the FCC and all that and I can understand that
And because Greg's an idiot and Daniel lost the license I understand all of those things
But because Joyce makes up all of these you know it makes it up as she goes along
Because she'll do anything in her power to screw with a show and of course when your own attorney tells you that months ago
And the meantime is taking crap from her see if I'm a him I would go to court right now and I'd sue her ass
That's what I would do I'd sue her ugly ass
Norma instead of calling me like some kind of a pansy on the phone okay
I don't really want to aggravate you but then it goes and aggravates for half an hour you know
Bapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapap
fonger baapft population
votes on the pool of all the things that Neil talks about, which is the most
interesting to you, politics, 539, get over it, okay? Get over it. We don't have
another election for two years. Get over it. Inside Radio Stuff 1, 96, well we're
sure you're getting plenty of that today and believe me it's not a pretty
picture. It's gross. Religion 172 and after that everything else is, it
pales into insignificance. According to them, I hate this pool 45. Still only 3.9
percent. That's mighty low. Amsterdam 30. How many?
About 30, man. Hockey 28, 26, whatever it says.
Products he discovers 18 like that Rampopeal Vagiamatic. The track 17, Brady
Quinn 16. Health problems 9, slots 9. Slot, slot, slot, slot
worthheimer and the Stan segment. The slot slot. Yeah. Sports 5 and diets 5.
Solamente Cinco Cinco Cinco Entebanani. Matter of fact, I think there are a lot of
sports that aren't getting their doom out of attention. I like water sports. Curling.
Yeah. We need to have a hockey show. Let's have a regular segment with the
rumor on here. That's what we need. Badminton. Freaking hockey show. You can tell by
those gigantic Panther crowds. Table tennis. That soft float is really heavy.
There's Sydney Crosby and Good God to see you ever ugly or what? Great player,
but man is the other one. God, he could stop a clock with edge knives. So
anyway, that's what we got on the pole so far. And we're taking, we're back to
taking a lot of calls today. And so far we had one really good one with
short and sweeten right to the point. I'm trying to remember exactly, you know,
being a feeble like I am what he said. Neil Rogers. Good. George Rodriguez. No
good. Yeah, something like that. Now, where did you meet up with him again? I
really don't understand the back. He was a town a while back. Yeah.
He called you a year. What do you want to imagine? Um, I think he got back in
touch with with Tony Yip here in the building or somehow somehow we now there's a
good guy. There's a good guy Tony Yip. There's somebody we actually like.
There's walked in from the park and lot with him this morning and always
happy to see Tony the Yipster who looks like the day you first saw him. So he
does not trust me. I've seen him the last time I was there. What are you talking
about? He looks like you look a little bit closer than I do. I'll give you that.
Believe me, the first day that I've seen him, he looked really. He's a good guy.
Don't start facing right now. He'll have to turn into a thing. You know,
whatever. He's a good guy. He is a good guy. There's not you whether or not you
think he's cute. But anyway, all of us used to work on IOD together.
We're getting a little hockey in the background. I'll go ahead. So, uh,
so Scotty Mac wound up in the building here. I think Tony was the brunt one that
brought him in and I dragged him into the studio to get some some new audio
from him and came there dressed in drag. Yeah. The first time you'll Rogers.
Good. George Rodriguez. No good.
Like in the olden days, as you know, that we could take Scotty Mac into a recording
studio and tell him to say anything and he would do it. And he would do it.
Because he was simple. That's right. He's great. He has no embarrassment factor.
Well, he's not great. He's just simple. Don't care. Let me, let me paraphrase.
He's a great simple. He's a pit. He's a hoot. Simple. He's a larfa minutes.
WQA M. Hello.
He was really good with a silly string on that trip to Vegas. That was good.
WQA M. Hello and the sulfur bombs in my face. Yeah. QA M.
Hey, I don't. Okay, sir. Listen, uh, just one let you know I got an art
patron diary. Actually, I got three. All right. We love you, sir.
So, uh, you know, you know, even for my 14 year old who's in school at noon,
love your pal. Hey, uh, good question. You guys got a bit that says, uh,
I just placed nothing works here. It wasn't right.
What was that from? That's from the Bellevue Brian. What is that from?
That's from an HBO special called Inside Bellevue. That's a cat named Brian who ran
around the building saying that over and over again. And I thought it was.
I hate this place. So I say nothing works here. The medications on work.
I've been here for seven years. Nothing works here. I hate this place.
Nothing works here. The medications on work. I've been here for seven years.
I hate this place. Nothing works here. Which sums up QA M to a T by the way.
That's awesome. Thanks, guys. Thanks a lot, pal. I look like that. There's a guy that's got his whole family
listening. They're religiously glued to that radio. And boy, we need some help on
at school. Let me tell you. See, because this last trend that came out and you are
on vacation when it came off. Thank God. And the only reason we knew was coming out
is because I had a I had some kind of a psychic experience that morning.
And I thought, let me look up arbitrarons and see what the next trends coming out.
Because it was that time. It's right the end of the month. You know, I knew what other trend was coming
soon. And sure enough, it was that day. It was Wednesday. And then about five to ten
clearance comes in there and says to Jack, Oh, by the way, there's a trend coming in this morning
like we didn't know. Okay. Man, you're a program director like I'm a rocket scientist.
Like I'm like I'm an airline pilot. Okay. Clarence, you idiot.
And so anyway, the October trend, obviously the sports nerds and the old Julios got the
adiaries, which leaves us out. Not that we still had the highest number on the
station. I think between 10 and three it was a four nine in the month of October.
Which puts us at a five something. Many 18 plus. Okay.
Which 25 54 is always a couple of points higher. So we could still be okay for the
fall book. But the point I'm trying to make you is that we need some we need some love.
No one said we didn't know who doesn't. Yeah. We need a kiss. And that word Joe Bell came
from kiss. That's right. Joe kissed this. What are we going to do about branch?
What's seriously tomorrow morning? Tomorrow morning, I want that salesman.
You're going to go out and have to drag him by his corn cob pipe and drag his ass in there.
I want to have a chat with him. Well, the dragon by his pipe and after you get through
slicing it and bring him in there. Because there are stuff that is going on that is just
so unacceptable. And he and the attitude there is, oh, well, there's that kneel again being a pain in the
ass. Let's do something professional for once in your life. Okay. Like in a real radio station.
I know it requires a tremendous impersonation on your part. Many of you people are, but let's try it.
Just once. Now when they said that branch was coming back, we shouldn't ask about the
lobotomy. You know what? The biggest names. The best talents. It's the big old
Landwell's a Gary Mornings 527 Rock solid radio 560 QAM.
Were you brunch back in live in Chicago?
Oh, bro.
Many months of sweat and tears have gone into what is about to happen right here on this
stage. Chris T. Alley. She's coming out in front of a live audience in a
lot of places. I'm not sure if you're going to be a
professional. I'm not sure if you're going to be a professional. I'm not sure if you're going to be a
professional. I'm not sure if you're going to be a professional. I'm not sure if you're going to be a
professional. I'm not sure if you're going to be a professional. I'm not sure if you're going to be a
professional. I'm not sure if you're going to be a professional. I'm not sure if you're going to be a
professional. I'm not sure if you're going to be a professional. I'm not sure if you're going to be a
professional. I was wondering about that birthday. I had a stiff
at that time. I looked at the 11th pull on a
because you can't complain about our management because basically we don't have any.
Our management is giving the keys to the kingdom, the clearance and there's a couple little
boyfriends in there.
Hey, here you guys go ahead.
It's all yours, baby.
These guys are going to do some work for clearance and, uh, we ought to, uh, end like
that.
And of course, clearance ain't there half the time anyway because he's too busy going
off doing stupid ass UM basketball games.
For example, tomorrow I see it's UM in Northwestern in the ACC Big Challenge, Big
Ten Challenge on AM 940 is carrying the game and coverage switches to QM after the
Panther hockey game is over.
Now clearance I'm sure is off.
Is he there today?
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's awesome.
Oh, he is there.
Uh, so maybe his flight is leaving a little bit later on or whatever and of course he
certainly won't be there on Wednesday because that's at least a two day view.
Where is that going to be played?
The UM at Northwestern?
Oh my god.
Can you even begin to imagine that?
How many people do you think are going to be listening to, uh, to that broadcast?
Okay.
9.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
So what's your story?
Did you have also one of those emergencies or your insides just fallen out?
Well, it wasn't an emergency.
It's just been, uh, part of the, uh, part of the way things are today.
Part of the ambiance?
Yeah, just woke up this way.
Oh.
Well, that's the way I woke up too.
It's because of, yeah, a lot of that.
There's a lot of it going around.
Maybe it's supposed post Thanksgiving catharsis.
During the, uh, while you were out doing your, uh, whatever you were doing, uh, Josh told
me that he agrees that taking the cause was a great idea.
All right.
That's what he said.
So it's two to one you're out voted.
Okay.
And I guarantee if he brought McGill in there, your close personal friend, he'd also have
over with us.
It would be three to one.
I'm waving the white bag.
Good.
Yay.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Hello.
Yes, I want to speak to Neil, please.
Speaking.
Neil, listen, I, I was down there for a, you know, week.
And I just want to want to say the best thing about, about your show is a timeless nature of
it.
My, your wife, wife and I moved, moved up to Carlinus four years ago and we came back
down there and I still let, listen on the net.
But the best part was driving around like both came to going to the L.A. and here and
your voice and it's so skating it with I went back, thought of rich and the bird and everything
else.
And I just wanted to, I know.
Oh, yeah.
People, right.
Well, yeah, I, and I just popped out that feeling I'm dead.
But I know you don't like to kiss, but I just want, I want to say right now I got you
on the net and you're still doing a great, great job.
Yes, I am.
And you were the best thing about that trip back.
And that's all I got for you.
Thanks for the kissy kissy.
Okay.
It was good for me.
Now once in a while it's okay, but it's steady.
I'm, oh, thank you for making a taking my call.
And that's it.
It's just, oh, geez, you know, boring, ponderous.
But that guy was good.
And he had a good point that in, well, how many times have I said that there is a segment
of the audience out there.
They don't care if I'm sitting here reading the funny papers.
As long as they hear my voice.
It's like they know this to live.
After all these years and all of these things, you follow what I'm saying?
Like I'm the voices of four.
And of course, I should be pretty embarrassed about that and believe me, I am.
Yeah.
What an accomplishment.
What an achievement that is.
That is, yeah, five six seven, oh five sixty.
Thank God I didn't say the conscience of so for it.
Because so for it doesn't have one.
Yeah.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Hi.
Can I talk to Neil?
Speaking.
I want to tell you that your show is decent.
I like to show in QAM season general.
But why is there always an echo online?
An echo online?
An echo online?
Yeah.
It sounds like I'm a radio when I'm listening to you.
It sounds like you guys are in like a casket or a tomb.
A casket?
Well, it's good a casket.
We're broadcasting from a casket, yeah.
But I mean, your show is decent.
I like it.
It's decent.
Not good, but it's decent, yeah.
It's first bars radio show.
It's decent compared to some of the other ones on that.
Some of the radio stations.
Some of the radio stations.
They're crap, right?
But why can't they give you all a decent recording area?
Like we can hear you clearly and there's not a chance for you to get
background and.
And who's Joyce?
Joyce is the company attorney over there on a West Coast in Naples.
Oh.
She's a crazy person.
Well, if he's a new one, you have a beef with him.
I was just wondering who she was.
No, I know you're regular.
She's been around for a while.
For a couple of years and believe me, she's been hated every moment.
She hates us and we hate her.
Well, I think you did a good show and I listened to what I can.
Yeah.
I listened to it when I came, but I wish you guys had better sounds.
You know, and this better?
Yeah.
Have a great day.
He felt the good work.
OK, well, we're kind of.
Joyce has a little bit of an intestinal problem.
And that's why we don't talk about her too much.
22 Pas Noon.
Listen, she can rot in hell.
OK, I have to sit here on my phone, minding my own business.
From 100 miles away and listen to, oh, gee, if you know what I went through with that
Joyce and she picks up the phone and called me.
You know, like all this other hysterical crap.
She's a hysterical bitch.
And you know what kind of people get hysterical?
Huh?
What?
People who don't know what the hell they're doing.
Oh, fakers, you mean?
People who are drowning in the sea of ineptitude, like pretenders.
People who are drowning in a sea of incompetence, like her.
And like your close personal friend that you had lunch with, there was a good guy.
But clueless, chueless and clueless.
1151 on the pool.
Boy, we really got a good number on here.
And like I said, our goal is to get you to a clock.
That's all.
That's our new goal.
You follow what I'm saying?
What he said.
I'm not picking any numbers anymore.
Oh, we're going to get to 14.
What kind of crap was that anyway?
Although it worked pretty good, though, didn't it?
Yeah, for what it's worth.
Faked him out.
Like the, see, they thought I cared about that.
Just like they think I care about the collars.
How many times have I told you that?
And every time it's the truth.
I don't care.
I get paid the same as opposed to sitting here with 4,000 stacks of crap in front of me here,
having to make damn sure I don't run out of crap by two o'clock.
I don't think Josh is going to run out of crap by two o'clock, because it seems to me he's like full of it.
Well, that makes two of this.
WDQA, I'm Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Crap headquarters.
Yes.
Three quick days.
Your harmless.
I love you.
And now it changes.
WDQA, I'm Hello.
Neil, come from Buffalo.
God.
God.
Now, see, he was good in kind of a bizarre sick, masochistic way.
I enjoyed that very much.
It was good for me.
Because if he really was, which I'm sure he wasn't.
But if he was, come from Buffalo.
Oh, God would be the appropriate, you know what I'm saying?
Oh, my God.
Like that.
Good luck to you, pal.
You'll need it.
In Buffalo, where like, I think in the first of November, they already had like 26 inches of snow on the ground.
And here we are 100 miles away.
I am anyway.
Do we have any snow on the ground?
No.
Not a flake.
We got a few flakes out there in the streets.
But not one flake of snow.
I like that.
All right.
Well, I'm just saying what the toilet Buffalo is.
And it is.
Don't go to Buffalo.
That's my message for all you punks out there.
Don't ever let anybody suck you in to go to Buffalo.
It blows.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
About time you took the call.
Yeah.
And.
And.
WQA and Hello.
Hi, Donald.
Huh.
How come that didn't get on?
General Mystery.
We have a big mystery.
Doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo.
Like Jennifer would say.
Only she does it much better than I do.
Come on, Jennifer.
You can do it if I can find a Scotty Mac stuff.
I'm sure you're fine.
Doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo.
Yeah.
Get baby.
That 25 past noon at 560 WQA.
I think my dog's in it to a clock today.
Although you never know what that program director we got.
Whether it's a stunt schedule, you know what it's a real schedule.
But it's just a fake out schedule.
Like to fake out rejoins we haven't had for the spots now.
1154 votes on the poll.
Of all the things Neil talks about which is the most interesting view.
Politics 552 or is Chris Matthews says.
Politics.
People would naked pictures boy he's got to be one of them.
And do we need to hear anymore about his brothers in politics or who cares.
His brothers like the dog catcher in somewhere in Maryland.
Who cares?
But he's big in politics.
Inside radio stuff 200 which we've had that all the way up the shoot today.
Radio stuff up the.
She will.
Religion 175.
I hate this poll 46 3.9%.
Gay stuff 41.
Amsterdam 32.
Hockey 27.
Products he discovers.
New and exciting crap that he passes along to us 18.
The track 17.
Brady Quinn 16.
By the way.
Health.
Yes.
Speaking of new and exciting crap that you pass along to us.
Yes.
A check showed up.
Oh the ones that I've mailed here.
Yeah.
And.
And you know why that happened is because I was going to the.
I was going to the mailbox and the mail the mailbox guy.
The mail man was coming with his little little container to empty the mailbox.
So I just hand put it in as a thing.
I put it in his slot.
Well excellent timing.
I was due to go to the bank.
There you go.
So there's your happy birthday to George.
It's not so uh another few days away.
And happy your life to Josh.
Who needs all the help you get.
Thank you.
Slots nine, diet six and sports five.
I don't know if it's 61.
And Josh says he was ecstatic to see Brady Quinn on the sideline.
And he was even squeezing his kneecaps a little bit during that game.
Does that what you said?
Uh no.
Poor David's a bitch.
Hello friends.
I am the Reverend Ted Haggard, former president of the National Association of Evangelicals.
I have taken early retirement from that fine organization to pursue another colon.
Not a higher colon, really more of a lower colon.
Much much lower.
And even though president Bush won't return my calls anymore.
And I've been kicked out of my church.
I found a new home.
A new home on television.
But getting that Sunday, the Bravo Network will premiere my series, Queer Eye on the preacher guy.
On the premiere episode, my special guest will be Neil Patrick Harris.
It wasn't he cute.
When he was that little dookie, Halzer MD.
No.
Neil and I would discuss several important topics, including Quinn, is a massage, more than a massage.
Saddam Hussein, evil man, but really how did those boxer shorts.
And we'll review the new play I can see the van in the sports segment of my show.
We'll open play in the Reverend Ted Haggard, Cored Hold tournament.
That's Queer Eye on the preacher guy with me.
The Reverend Ted Haggard, Sunday is a unravelled.
It'll be so much fun.
You'll think you just snorted math with a male escort.
You notice how quick that story, Dad?
We don't hear another word about that.
We don't hear any more about Paul Croc and his Croc, going on.
And even Miss Foley, she came back for her father's funeral.
But other than that, he's busy getting handled.
Right.
So to speak, move along, let's see here.
Comedian Michael Richards said yesterday he didn't consider himself a racist and said he was shattered.
By the tirade, I don't understand.
Well, this is partly chopped off again, too.
See, I'm not going to waste my time trying to read it.
Partly chopped off.
So now I don't have to mess with that either.
I don't have to also mess with the mess on the floor during every break, picking up all that stuff that I turn and then throwing it in my trash bag.
Now, floor is nice and clean and pristine, man.
And fit for a queen, if you ask me, 1171 votes on the poll already.
Now, it's going to be real interesting.
We'd do like a weaker two of this, you know.
And then we'll see what the audience responses.
Of course, we got a lot of people out there no matter what we do, they're not going to be happy, right?
Yeah, not a lot.
What about that Michael Vick, by the way, speaking of unacceptable people?
What a... I don't even know what term to use.
Piece of crap.
I'll tell you we're going to use a Michael Richards term for a second there.
No, I am not.
What do vases make what skin color Michael Vick has?
There's some people want to make everything into a racial thing, you know.
Like the OJ thing.
He's a murderer, that's all OJ.
Whether he's black, dark black, lighter black mocha or anywhere in between.
And the same with Michael Vick, he makes me sick.
First of all, he's overrated to begin with.
Way, way overrated.
His team sucks.
They lost again yesterday.
Then just lose. They got pounded by the Saints 31-13.
And he's given the old, you know, the old one forward to the Atlanta fans.
Well, screw you, Michael, okay?
Michael Vick apologized for making an obscene gesture toward Atlanta fans.
As he walked off the field after the Falcons' fourth straight loss yesterday,
he used both hands to deliver the gesture and flashed an angry look toward the handful of fans remaining in the Joji dome.
An angry look like, yeah, Yamaha, like that.
Those who hung around, booed the home team loudly after their dismal loss.
First and foremost, I would like to apologize for my inappropriate actions with the fans today,
the quarterback, said in a statement released by the Falcons.
I was frustrated and upset at how the game was going for my team.
And the frustration came out the wrong way.
Right.
Vick was the Falcons main offensive threat with 160 CCRs rushing.
Just seven off his NFL record for a quarterback.
He had another rough day passing, completing 9-24.
9-24, that sounds like Josh Booty for 84 RRs, but wasn't entirely his fault.
The Atlanta receivers dropped to leave 5 passes and the offensive line didn't provide much protection.
I didn't see Brady Quinn flipping the bird of the fans in the stands at the USC.
Even though his receivers were dropping balls like crazy, man.
Vick was even a Barney Frank that had ever dropped so many.
Vick was sack three times so that it does more behind Atlanta's scrimmage after throwing passes.
Leaving the field, he let us frustration get the best of me, said.
That's not what I'm about. That's not what the Falcons are about to send the statement.
I simply lost my cool and hit the moment.
I apologize and look forward to putting the incident in my behind.
Better be put a boot put about.
He said he did his best to keep the Falcons from losing again.
They're five and six. They suck. They stink.
The Falcons.
Any chance you got with anybody's money, especially somebody else's bed against them, okay?
I'd occur to their underdog by like 35, bed against them because they stink.
Am I right, Josh?
Yeah, but I would. Josh's team lost again too.
Oh no. All right, there you go.
Get out of here. I wish I wouldn't have mentioned that.
When you noticed I waited until now to even mention it.
And who did all of they play?
Cowboys.
Oh, that's right. We've been like 38 to 13 or something. Is that right?
Yeah, it was tough.
Bad loss. And that of course is that homo-romo again.
What a rocket scientist he is.
Where the hell did he come from, by the way?
And again, I guess Bill Parcells can kiss the ground that bloodshed turned out to be such a bust in the head put that he could have.
And he could get in there and give him a shot because that kid's bailing their ass out this thinking cowboys who beat the cults the week before to which I said.
All right.
All right.
1177. We better not do too much sports because only six people said they find the most interesting to them.
They want to hear the real sports.
They'll get the real the wheel deal.
You know what I mean? The wheel deal with no punches pood on the real sports shows where they get it.
Listen, I look we put a lot of illiterate people on the air.
So what's the big deal? You know, I mean, there's no embarrassment factor.
Any station they would put a wedding martesne on here to talk about baby talk or for that on here.
Oh my god. Take the miss you out of red day call.
That's the guy.
1177 on there. We'll do whatever the hell we want. How's that? And they'll like it.
Because I quite frankly, I draw the line in the same today.
This is I've said it many times before, but I'm just I'm just reach my saturation point.
You know, and when this two years is done, depending on everybody's health,
whether you're still alive with your intestines, whether I'm still, you know, under the age of 100.
When these two years are done, at that point, that will decide whether we want to continue working over a hot microphone or not.
You know, on a station, it's got like a signal from a hill.
That woman had a good point. You know, maybe she was like close to 441.
We're a child boy.
Like that kind of like this all the time. You know what I'm saying?
Listen, that's the way to go. But we're in stereo though. We're AM stereo.
A.H.D. Digital. Oh, excuse me. We're in digital. And of course, there's four people in the world who have those radios.
None of them live in South Florida. Whatever if they did, man, it would sound great in the sunshine state.
56670560, pound 560, and even the relief of not having to go through this pile, man.
You'll notice I, you know, I got a couple here. I got a few, a couple. Right.
Like one or two more and that's it. Some choice ones there.
No. Well, like the one about the sliced penis that Joan Fleshman comes, somebody facts in there.
That was good. That was choice. That was Joyce. A nice choice.
56670560, pound 560, and even rising in singular wireless line.
Let's see if they can keep doing it. Rale of wait until two o'clock. What do you think?
They never could before. They haven't been able to last 25 years. So why should it be?
Monashhtana Halala Haze. Why should it be any different now than it was any other day, right? Right.
But we want the cars. We want the, okay. Well, let's see how many we got.
There they are. Let's see who gots. Do gots. And by the way, since it was a sports nerd month in October,
that's a pretty bad omen for those loses across the street.
Really weak, really lame, Joel. Okay. Wither would out your fins.
Oh, and remember the guy to call me last week. Josh, you give me a son of an air.
Was it a facts about the dolphins or the fins? And I called them the fish.
Have you ever heard anybody say squish the fins? No. No, squish the fish.
They've been saying that for a zillion years, longer than Don Schult has been brain dead.
Okay. So what are you talking about? Fins my ass. I hear people say that. It's Juvenile.
The fish. Aren't dolphins a fish? No, but they call them that.
They call the team that all the time. Even I know that. Well, wait till they lose their next couple of games.
See what they call WQA M. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. Yeah.
Hey, let's go. I'm driving from Orlando for the last few weeks on Monday mornings.
And I hear you just fine. All the way to Orlando. Yeah.
Heavy duty and they come across picture perfect. Okay. Thanks for the good news, pal.
And I hope that the straightens that woman out before that was bitching about our bad signal.
What she's right. It's not that a week signal. I mean, it goes a long way.
It just sounds like garbage, you know.
But we're doing everything we can to correct the situation. Not we're not going to do a damn thing.
It's like we're not going to fix your apothec. You can turn your mic on and off George.
What? Because the engineering hates you. And quite frankly, they all hate you.
I know. Including even Jolly, a Raleigh Jobelle, who just likes some other people in there like his predecessor Greg smiled in your face and then like stabs you in the back.
You know, well, I haven't heard any of that lately. What? I haven't heard that he's done that. Oh, yeah, he did.
Okay. I already told you when he was having a conversation with normal about extending my deal and me doing just Monday through Thursday instead of having you do Friday, like putting best of tapes on.
And I said, no way Jose, there's not going to be no more best of tapes or worse of tapes. There's no more tapes on the show. Okay. Enough with that crap.
We don't play tapes on the show. We want to live and timely. Even if it's a coma inducing like you, we want somebody live on there or close to it like you.
So there he is again giving you like a little zets even after being number one in the summer book with a seven share, which a lot of it was you and that big July, which much of it was you and they still won't give you any credit.
Nope. So we can sit there and wine and dine you all he wants and give you the big smile and the handshake, you know, the drug brothers grip.
But the fact of the matter is he's still giving you a stoch. Maybe that's why your inner's are like falling out. I could be maybe from that knife wound where he gave me like a good stoch.
Stuck that knife deep in your back and twisted the shoe. Sometimes and maybe now you're feeling the after effects of gut wound. Yeah, like you have improvement. You can handle one day a week. One day a week.
My God, I say we start that schedule now. Back to him as in this week.
The biggest name. So I said it's great. It's going to be great.
Roger. Fort radio five sixty. Now don't tell me that that was a rejoin that was a rejoin the way he said that. That was a freaking rejoin.
Neil Rogers. Senator Kerry, the Republicans have been talking smack about you.
Second tired of a whole bunch of Republican attacks. They said that you've got irritable.
It's a little foul syndrome that's problems with the. The butt. Yeah, that's what they said. So is that it was right? Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. How you doing now?
Oh, you're really nice. I'm able to say that I am cured and I want to stay that way. Great and good luck with your ass. Thanks so much.
14 to one at five sixty W. Here. I guess we haven't any change on it. So I guess it's not the captain Curtis day. It's mad dog two to four. And then the power hour with Hank. It says.
What's that all about?
Is that what it says on your schedule? The power with Hank. I thought that's supposed to be Hank and Mr. Maddo. That's what it says. The power hour with Hank. Well, who knows who knows.
Who knows, but clearance. Okay. He's running a little bit short on material these days. Although now that that last trend came out showing what a genius he is and Barry Jackson wrote a column on Friday that you would have just.
He's put from about the morning show about Kenny and Bo which we like them a lot all of their show and then he goes on about QA has wisely added regular segments with this one and that one in our sports segments because very sports nerd and an overgrown little child with a brown paper sack.
I mean, maybe Barry Jack has the majority of the people out there. Do you think so? I sure hope. Oh, yeah, they're all just like it. Well, I like Robert Creeper and very jackass.
If I've told you once I've told you times that's where it's at 1196 will be on the verge of 1200 a second and we don't care of all the things Neil talks about which is the most entertaining and interesting to you interesting entertaining illuminating yada yada yada politics 567 politics man. You don't have to say it right to talk about politics.
I don't let me forget after one o'clock. I bet your girlfriend is on MSNBC and I don't need to hurt. We'll give it a shot. In fact, I could turn over there right now. You know, I mean, it's never too early to turn off CNN.
They are being built. Yeah, well, there's the Iraqi sleeping again. Neil cons about to establish democracy in the Middle East. They don't want democracy. Okay.
You see these people that are trying to middle in their life. They don't even understand those people that are a bunch of crazed get's keys. Okay. They're all a bunch of get's keys. They're a bunch of religious nuts.
But that's bad to talk about inside radio stuff 207 religion 183 speaking of religious nuts. Excuse me for the repetition. I hate this pull 47 still only 3.9% aren't you impressed by that. You should be they like it. Okay.
That gays to 42 Amsterdam 32 you don't want to go there. Well, you guys do but most people don't ain't what he used to be. Although if you're never there when it was really great, then you think it was pretty good now, especially compared to where you are hockey 28 products. He discovers 21 like the rompopil vajammatic and the penis slicer.
The track 18 Brady Quinn 16 you get your paws off a mok got my dibs in for long time ago. Health problems 12 and and Josh says that he's not going to be the number one NFL pick in the draft. I don't know what you're thinking about.
I mean, are you thinking I think all that Thanksgiving food all the car was went to your head. It would clog your mind. Well, there's that the Russian guy that got poisoned and it's like a big mystery, right?
Health problems 12 slots 10 diet seven and sports to six like Ron Nicole's death. That's a big mystery to see we shouldn't own right then.
Right in the beginning. Forgetting about any other contractual things or stuff like that. We shouldn't know when we walked into a building in the people had like all these big pictures of OJ up on the walls.
We shouldn't know that we had nothing in common with these people that we were from a different planet. We're from the earth there from your illness.
I knew it sooner than that. Did you like the first day when I try to talk to anybody about radio about anything? What language would you be speaking anything else besides sports? Yeah.
The game who did what what the score was? Who do you think is going to do this in the next one ball? Anything else?
Corners, Telfen. Yeah. Which means who's on first Josh booties on first by the way. He just dropped the ball. He just dropped it. What that is? John Booty is his ugly brother. Is that it? That's the quarterback of USC. Oh, he is he he looks like a like a lineman, not like a quarterback. Yeah. How quarterback what he didn't like looking at his booty?
Jesus man in the middle of all I'm not even going to have my bacon today. You just helped my diet. First of all, I'm not interested in looking at anybody's booty. How do you like that? Yeah, the quarterback in that game. You weren't taking him out. Who Brady Quinn? Yeah, I wasn't looking at his booty. No.
We're looking at his body, not his booty. That's a problem with you. You don't difference between body and booty. But I just clicked on my I just clicked on my desktop and there's 15 Brady Quinn stark naked. Okay.
God. I don't know what you're laughing about. 15 of the smiling back at me. The body from heaven. That's that's a real man right there. You cannot Brady Quinn. All you want. That's a real man. Okay. As opposed to like John's booty.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the horizon. Sing it a wireless. No rumors about him by the way that he gave but then again, it's wishful thinking. You know. All of those queens that they want to take everybody's.
Yeah, it's wishful thinking right. We're going to get this phone thing cranked up again. If you join this late today, we got the phones percolating again today for the first time in a long time. You think there be thousands of people who've been so frustrated. That's what Joe Bell was telling you. That's what they want. They want.
They want to be able to talk to you man. Well, I'm waiting. Of course, once the delay catches up in about 20 minutes. Maybe there will be response. WQ AM. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, Neil, it's going over here. Yeah, something about the way that guy fades. Yes, just fade away. Look at that. That wasn't a song. Not fade away by a buddy. Holly wasn't that the song. Not fade away. Don't play it. All right. WQ AM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
Neil, I long time listener. Never call her. The other day you guys were talking about candy. Yeah. And when I go to Boston, I stayed at a hotel directly across the parking lot from the New England confectionery company. And they don't give factory tours, but that gift shop is heaven for neck away first.
Well, they have it all. They have all their products in there, but unfortunately, they didn't give tours. I'll be the head. Okay. Well, thanks for the good news. Thank you. I mean, all the candy I could think of. You know, we mentioned neck away first, but you know, you know, I mean boring like the call.
Now, see that guy that called earlier when it was giving me a lecture about, well, you know, sometimes when people call you and they want to look if somebody is boring, I'm going to be the first one to tell you boring. I don't want boring.
Guy meant well. He's a good guy. He never stole a freight train. He probably stole some candy in that joint, but incredibly boring. I mean, anybody that would eat neck away for his anyway in the middle of all other good nestly stuff.
Oh, Nestle's, I don't know. What did we discover that Nestle's made when we're talking about this? Some good crap. Remember that? I can't remember. I know we discovered that Hershey's is weak except for the almond toffee.
Correct. That is correct thing. And now they got a new dark chocolate that was on Hershey. What are you doing to me? I love almonds and chocolate. Yeah, dark chocolate. It's supposed to be really, really good for you. Dark chocolate. If you eat 50 of those bars every day, you'll live to be 400.
If you eat 50 and then drink about a quarter wine, cheap wine. 5, 6, 7, I'm going to tell you, man, this, if these people can keep this going, they'll do just one day. Forget about the rest of my life. Forget about the next two years. If they can keep it going until two o'clock, it'll be one of the greatest miracles in the history of mankind. That's my feeling right now. After almost three hours of this will. I mean, this great stuff. WQA M. Hello. Hey, what would Neil think about the two thousand night presidential race?
WQA M. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing, sir? Good. I don't idea. Maybe you should just forget about the calls. You can answer the shooting. Just let everybody hear the message and then you play whatever you feel is appropriate on the radio the next day. There you go. That's an idea. We just do a voicemail. Right.
Yeah.
Oh, the biggest name of best talent.
I like to shave my legs, arms and buns while listening to the Neil Rogers one or two hours.
All right. You fairly gazing at your dreams. So that's not a shock to you all. I shot when I expressed myself. Religion I at home.
I let them know it don't work. Now I'm getting paid meals from the toll. I'm thinking maybe once we kill or just have my two playmates. Absolutely.
I just feel the same with live our life better with our religion. Never knowing what you're up and punch me in the chin.
What I should have said, but family in general, followed by an artist here. I should have shot my mouth before I put my face for the moon.
101 is 560. I'm going to say my three or one thing. The people listening online today is way down from ordinary. What it would be at this hour. Now that couldn't be because other calls couldn't. I don't know.
Well, you can't judge in one day. Okay. Now it's going to take some time. People get used to here in the great cars. Speaking of the kind of people who work on the station, which you were mentioning just before we go into the break.
Lexington, South Carolina. A man fatally shot his friend with a high powered rifle and dispute over a $20 bet on the South Carolina Clemson football game.
James Walter quick 42, which charged with the murder of the shooting of Richard Allen Johnson 43. Johnson died from a single shot to the chest.
According to the preliminary autopsy yesterday, the two added $20 bet on the annual game with quick taken South Carolina, which won 31 to 28. And Johnson taking Clemson.
They drank beer all afternoon and watched the game Saturday at Johnson's home and began arguing about the bet after the game.
Met said quick went to his car got directly normally uses for hunting and fired one shot hitting Johnson in the chest. Well, at least he didn't hit him in his Johnson.
Quick was being held yesterday in the Lexington County Jail awaiting a bail hearing. Sheriff's Department said he didn't have a lawyer yet. Well, there you go. Maybe Norma can go represent him.
Give him something to do anyway in between talking to Joyce.
Probably 19 votes on the pool. Pretty damn good, man. It's pristine and clean. And we're going to take a ton of calls this. Are you waiting to see?
You know, other than that, that's a sad part of the whole thing. You know, that I asked about the casino with the Gulf steam being open in the slots and the whole.
And the only color we had was your buddy was a casino stand, which we're oh, wrinkled up, shriveled up with a rough skin like a leathery leathery man.
He's the leather man. He's like Iran Diaz like the like the cigar store totem pole Indian. Yeah, he was he's a ready man. A leathery rubbery guy. Oh my god.
In fact, he looks like a walking machine. How about sticking a quarter in his slot? What happens?
And that's the only response we had of that. But I'm the part for the course. You know, what am I thinking about?
I expect a response to something I asked about 400 times 5 6705 60 pound 560.
The Verizon singular wireless line. What about coach cocker?
Oh, what a surprise. Let's replay that press conference. Please. WQ a.m. Hello.
Thank you. God. Yes, sir. Hey, um, I want to let you know that I do care. I enjoy the bedtime stories.
I get unfettered mainstream. Well, unfettered information. The mainstream media will not give me. Yeah, I appreciate that. I always will.
Well, you're the one. All right. You're recreasing eight minute of monorah on our website. Thank you for making your call. Yeah, our website is going to be loaded up now that Josh has got that extra check in his pocket.
And I'm sure it'll be cash this afternoon real fast.
See no comment. Yeah, he's going to be ready. He's probably already on the way to the bank. Got a big old grin. Yeah, that's okay. No problem. Plenty of cash in there. No sweat.
Okay. Told you I ran to the toilet, but it was really up to the street to the Washington, neutral. Yeah, mom sure they got toilets in that place.
1225 votes under pull. Now we got to shot at something today. We got a shot of Joyce.
I put that bitch up against the wall, man. I'm lower brains out if I could find them. WQ AM. Hello.
WQ AM. Hello.
Hey, well, God, pleasure to be with you, sir. This is Julio from Hollywood. Hey, Julio and Hollywood. When it's got a ring to it. Yeah. Hey, you know, I'm enjoying the show. A lot of these callers need to be filtered out.
I still enjoy the best time stories like the last caller and you know, nevertheless, you're the queen of my heart. Okay, sweetheart.
I'm a good news. Okay, they need to be filtered out. You know, I mean, filter my went in down filter mod.
The ones charcoal for you. Yeah, get a charcoal filter like in a fish tank. Mm-hmm.
You ever go through that phase in your life when you had tropical fish? Not personally. Oh, but don't do it. Friends and yeah, big pain in the ass.
Never very expensive. And then when they start swimming up and upside down, it's kind of disheartening. You got a mess and you got to deal with it.
Although they're kind of friendly. I'm kissing Garamies, you know, never tried. I mean, South of the media's fish were the catfish. I like angel fish are kind of like good looking and catfish.
Yeah, kind of like our sales department, you know, bottom feeders because you like the whiskers. Yeah, yeah, I like the way they look. No, they're neat looking cat.
Yeah, I'm not talking about those big gross ones that you find in a stream that red next actually go fishing for and cook up and eat.
Oh, God. Oh, man, because you know what catfish eat? They're like bottom feeders. They eat all the shrimp and lobster eat the same thing.
Well, yeah, but they taste good anyway. I know maybe catfish tastes good. You ever have it? Yeah. Sure. Something fried catfish. Absolutely. Oh, man. I mean, absolutely.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and there's just a relief. Not that this big pile. You know what? Just a primarily Josh failed about an hour ago.
It's a real relief. Not the only big pile. I don't want to tell you I went again since the last time I wasn't accounted for. Get out of here. I'm not. I'd choice you not.
Well, you better get checked out, man. You better get thorough inspection. I've been a long way up inside. I think it's all the agenda between your household situation and between certainly a choice.
Right. The pressure is that we work under finding out that Joe Bell hates me after all. Oh, he does. Yeah. I'll give you a bunch of crap. Just like Greg to your face. He'll tell you. Oh, yeah. He does a reasonable. What was the word adequate? You do an adequate job. Not a great job. It's not what he said behind my back.
That adequate. He said you suck. That's right. WQM. Hello. Hey, Neil. How to call you about go stream. Yes, sir. Please with the flight.
Tonight. They got to say it's okay. No big deal. I'm not like Vegas was the. The slot. The slot machine room is jammed up with people.
People playing the 25 foot slot machines. Yeah, and that's about it. You know, they got broker and they got the sports book for the horse racing.
The destination. I got a lot of. Thanks, pal. So they got a way to go there at Gulf Stream. They need to. When somebody faxes in and says they got no wheel of fortune.
What kind of a machines is that? You know, how do you open up a casino with slots and you got no wheel of fortune? You know what I'm saying?
I'm saying. Jesus got all my damage and patent vana. Pat say Jack, by the way, just turned 87 and vana is 82. Remember that guy got all been out of shape because I said you were for whatever.
You know, who cares? I don't care. If you like vana, great. Have a great fantasy life for over. Okay. You're never going to see your. You're never going to meet her.
You're never going to touch her. You're never going to do her. Et cetera and so on. Just like me with Brady Quinn bowl difference being. I know it.
With me, it's a joke. All over those pictures look pretty good. What? You know what you're what are you?
What are you? I saw something funny on. Yeah, pictures look great to me. The only problem is he ain't showing nothing. You know, he's got those tight shirts on.
He ain't showing. And you know why maybe he got nothing. Maybe there's nothing there. Maybe he's an old smoothie. You know what I'm saying? That's what I heard. Maybe he's got a female body part there where the male part ordinarily is. Maybe he's got an any instead of an outie.
A man. Gina. That could be it. Maybe he's got a man. Gina. That could be it like man colder. She don't have one. No. She's got a man member.
2333 votes on the pool. A man. Gina. That's bad. That is so bad. I liked it. I thought it was cute. Of all the things that Neil talks about, which is the most interesting to you?
We should put that on there too. The man. Gina. But don't do it. See, I say we shouldn't. Then you go ahead and do it.
Oh, a lot of guys want to hear about the man. Gina. In fact, a lot of our listeners have one. In fact, some of our employees have one like Robert Grieper. Don't you believe that?
Sure. No question. Some of them. I don't know about the man part, but he certainly got the other part. Politics 583. Forget about that. I don't want to hear about politics. I'm burned out on it. Aren't you? Yeah, for a while.
Let's take a little rest on that. Okay. I know you're all whipped up about it. All you liberal comedy pinkers like me, but give it a rest about let's wait till 208.
Well, let's wait at least couple of weeks. To Nancy Pelosi falls on a race. Politics, politics 583 inside radio stuff 216. Well, let's you know if we ever get back into real radio again.
We'll let you know about radio stuff when we get start working in real station. Religion 186. And then as I said after that, it's strictly a three. It's only a one horse race. Really.
Two or a race for a second. I hate this full 47 3.8% gay stuff. 44 like that hot gay sex. Remember that guy? 44. Amsterdam 32. Hockey 31.
Products he discovers 23 like time Edison. I saw him on biography again the other day. I've already seen it before. How's he doing? Dead. Ask him again. Well, he louder this time.
Well, what a what a genius. You know what I'm the leaveable. No question. What a hard. Although he made some bad mistakes. He lost millions of some. What was he trying to? He was mining some something. I don't know. Bad.
From products he discovers 23 like George Eastman and Tom Edison. Because Neil invented radio and TV in the light bulb and so on machine. My sheet.
Slot machine. The wheel. Brady Quinn. No, that was the epist off caveman. Brady Quinn 16 health problems 13 slots 11. They got no wheel of fortune. Man, what a wussy place. Sports seven and diets only seven. They don't want to hear about no more diet talk because they know that we're all fat and we pick out all the time.
What are we going to do about the sales department seriously? Well, what are we going to do about the line of up and kill him? You know, ignore them. How can you ignore them when they're not doing their job when people are paying good.
Harder money for us to do a job for them and the refuse to give us anything to work with you know it's kind of like what they do with that equipment in there. Yeah. Oh, make magic for us. Make us again. A 10 share. Yeah. And they can't even turn a microphone on and off.
Because it's a lame ass operation. And you wonder you wonder why don't come back there and do shows from there. I'm sure you don't know. I don't.
Because the last couple of times I play that game and I did that and I go in there and write off the bad. It's like everything the speakers the overhead doesn't work right and the buttons don't it's just a mess. It's an embarrassment and a humiliating toilet.
But nevertheless, but the money is raking in. Maybe the bees are raking in the cash. We got the sales up there. That's all we care about. Let's get some spots on the year and let's charge a bunch of folks a lot of money for them. That's what that's our motto.
Like it says in a wall. Just give us the F and money. That's what it says. And that's our motto. Just give us the money. Even if we don't run the spot, give us the money anyway.
Oh God. The holiday season. Everyone loves Christmas carols. But until now, no one has ever written holiday songs about that other big holiday this time of year. That's why I said until now introducing Hanukkah Carols on CD.
Hanukkah is always right at Christmas. They say something new. If you did, it is now if then you're not hurt.
You can make a carols on CD. Spins like a cradle as it gives you hours and hours of holiday music to get you into the other spirit of the season.
On the A's Bay of Hanukkah, my mother gave to me eight pound shop with a seven slams of cornbread six foot eight o'clock.
Five years ago. If you're tired of the old traditional song, the holidays. Here's the whole new tradition you'll get tired of almost before you know it.
You better buy this again. I'm on sale. You know how we make to pay retail.
Hanukkah is coming to town. Hanukkah Carols on CD. It's the holiday collection. You just get it pass over.
117 at 560 WQM. 552 votes on a poll to not do shabby. We're taking a million calls today.
As we welcome the callers back to the New Roger Show. Don't we? Yeah, yeah. With open arms and tears in our eyes.
56070560.560 in the Verizon Singular Riders line. Took the poll over the weekend over the long Thanksgiving holiday weekend.
Overwhelming. They hated the show the way it was. They didn't want just hearing all these stupid ass bed time stories.
In spite of the well-meaning people who are calling in today last couple. And oh yeah, we love those stories about about about.
Well, it's on our website. Read it. Have somebody read them to you. Okay.
Because those days are long gone. In spite of what George says, except when we went Georgia's on, you know, like on Fridays.
Exactly. WQM. Hello. Those tapes. Hey, Nihil, how you doing?
Okay. I'd like to know if you allow me to make a panthers point real quick. Oh, God. Real quick.
Not so real quick, but not so loud. Okay. How in the world can any fan that there already not be outraged and traded?
Probably one of the top five gold tenders in the league for a tender who has more housing than there already.
Not to mention any of his 100 years old and even though he's not done that badly, his back will go out any day now.
And absolutely fifth pension who does nothing and a guy who probably.
Funk. Funky and be fun. Who back? Can I say either one of those words? Oh, sorry, Joyce.
5 6 7 0 5 6. There is no interest. How the Panther organization keeps that thing? I mean, you know, of course they lie a lot about the attendance.
Make up those numbers and give away like 10,000 tickets. Even Josh don't go to the games anymore. Do you?
No. Although Norma can't go to the games and when he goes, he's always got some young runaway or some twinkie on his arm.
And I'm going to call you to Rogers. No, and Mubba. Yeah, asked to make the call from the game to impress me like impress his punk impresses young discovery.
Oh, just leave me alone. Norma, just pretend I died. Okay. Just pretend I died. I'm in the ground. The worms are eating my carcass and then and just let's leave it at that.
WQAM. Hello. QAM.
Oh, I think that was him. That is. It was either him. Three for him or Don Johnson. One or the other.
5 6 7 0 5 60 still there after all this time. Eddie is still there. That's good enough. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if they're all still there.
They just been waiting. You know, when you have no life, I have no life waiting to go on the sunshine. WQAM. Hello.
We're talking about a bad signal. Huh? Wow. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. It's almost like the mail speaking.
Now Michael, Michael, hey, now I live with South Florida for 25 years. I'm so sorry. And I took your voice advice over and over and over to get hell out of here.
And I moved out to Austin, Texas and I took the advice and it was the best thing that ever happened to me. Well, that's quite an indicted man.
When you moved to Austin and it's a big improvement over Florida. What's that tell you? Yeah. Well, unfortunately, I had to move back to this God
to say in place because my wife's father's got cancer, but I'll tell you what the only reason I came back here because he's got when he passes away. Yeah, we're going to hear millions of dollars and I'll tell you what pal.
I'll meet you in freaking Amsterdam. Okay, first one out of here. Bring me a bag of money, pal. Thanks. Okay. Well, at least they good news.
Effort, guys, is father and law is going to be dead pretty soon. I'm going to leave millions of dollars. And that's why they came back.
Obviously, just suck up, you know, to stay on the good side, right? When you didn't know what it sounds like to you. Sounds great. I don't want to let him
pune any of their motives, anything like that. We don't know who they are. Maybe, you know, maybe they're very caring, loving couple who are very enchanted with the
father and law, but I doubt it. Sounds like the old man's going to croak. He's going to leave millions and boy, how come nobody leaves millions? I keep asking that 30 years of work and
slating over a hot microphone in this market 30 years of pubic service, finding the good fight in an impossible, hopeless, endless place. And
nobody croaks and leaves millions for Christ's sake. If I got a phone call at two o'clock, saying we just, there's somebody croak one of your
listeners and it's in their will of living, you're like eight million dollars. Do you think I'd even be here tomorrow? No. I'd send you a telegram. I'd say,
he'd best of luck to you. Thanks for the great job. Thanks for the memories and up yours. And send me a text message from your
flight. Okay. And I'd send you guys another envelope with another check. Only this time. Much less. What? WQ.
Way. I'm hello Q. A. M. Hello.
Q. A. M. Neil. Yes, sir.
Me and that you were wondering if you're going to. Okay, good. W Q. A. M. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir, whatever I this new story for myself touching myself all over. Yeah, okay, good. Me too. I'm glad somebody is in his case.
Anyway, five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and leave a rising and singular right. As line. As if that's unusual, right? Right.
Got a lot of people. Oh, there's the pistol of cave man.
So easier cave man can do it. He's just such a jerk, you know, go back to the cave. Okay. You woke up on the wrong side of the rock.
This morning. Hey, you sound like a caveist bastard. I am. I can't stand those cave people. WQ. A. M. Hello.
Q. A. M. Boy, are they slower? What? I guess they're out of practice. Are you too late? WQ. A. M. Hello. Hi, Neil. Please. Yes, sir. Speaking.
Leo, hey, I just want to give you a Gulfstream report. Okay. One of the biggest things that no one has ever mentioned about it is that it's no smoking.
Well, I'll be there was no smoking. Well, guess what? It is here to us the same thing. It's just the way the world man. Even Agra falls, which used to they allowed smoking in the casino. No more. No, Moss.
Yeah, it's really a breath of fresh air and there's more. More slots to come. It's wrong. It's nice though. And certainly is a lot more exciting at some.
But sometimes it gets a little difficult to breathe out there. Okay. Thanks for the goodness. Other probably saw those cancer sticks to the white man out there at the seminal. If you do that for years.
Well, that's right. I shouldn't have said that, but I did. I'm glad I did five six seven O five 60. See, that's another thing with the software. Man, I don't even want to go into it. It's just.
Not only we can't play this and we can't play that. You can't say this and you can't say that these people they want you to.
We've magic for them and make miracles, but they don't want to let you do anything. They don't want to let you do anything.
Mm-hmm. Get ready. That's don't say that. That's how I wound up reading those bedtime stories is because we have so many restrictions.
And so a little cooperation in any way, shape or form, whether it's with the phone, whether it's with being allowed to do a play or do anything.
And it takes me back to that early. Remember that call I had that would joebell. I think maybe my first call.
And he was outraged. I mean, they won't even let you even on Sesame Street. They play fart sounds and commercials every LL.
You shouldn't have to like do that. You know, and then that all well. He was just kidding. You know, once you're joining his ass out.
We need somebody with a big, big pair of balls. That's what we need. Okay. I'm sure you're not going to find that. That's why they don't hire anybody like that in this company.
They want yes, man. They want your mama. Yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes, man. Yes, man. Yes, man.
Whatever happened to me. That was all. Oh, I got that here.
What is that? You said big balls. So when I talk to a salty one, so no, no, this is just big balls.
We got big balls. It's a favor.
I'm going to go to a...
Well, I'm the other, other class, high society.
I take a few things for what it's like. I bet you have, Brady Quinn's got a big pair. I guarantee you that. I bet you're a life on it.
Now, how are we going to find out? I'm not going to find out. I guess I'll have to do some research.
The biggest names of best talents to the business, me or others, for 20 or 560, you know.
Am I junior, honey?
Okay.
I'm going to go to a big party.
I'm going to go to a big party.
I'm going to go to a big party.
I'm going to go to a big party.
I'm going to go to a big party.
I'm going to go to a big party.
I'm going to go to a big party.
I'm going to go to a big party.
I'm going to go to a big party.
I'm going to go to a big party.
I'm going to go to a big party.
I'm going to go to a big party.
I'm going to go to a big party.
And up the orders like he did last round.
He's the other women who ain't the town.
She don't even have her side.
131 at 560.
We have 274 votes. Well, they're 13 today easy. We don't care. Okay. Why don't make it very very clear?
That's old hat, you know? We turned a quarter today on our own of our own volition
We're like steering the ship and we're like all alone like stepchildren. When you say okay?
Well, we don't fit in red head is not that bad with us
What red headed stepchildren know less anyway? What is this so this fact is crap about the Chinese food?
I don't care about that. I was a Gulfstream thirty nine at one a.m.
There was a line of about thirty.
Stop. Stop. Third man.
Forgetting for the slots. No wheel. No wheel of fortune. I thought of you and I plunged of course I lost and the audio
I mean well too bad. I told you don't play it
P.S. Joyce blows every children show has mega farts on TV so Joyce ain't protecting any children. I say she stopped up in jealous
Maybe that's the major sister's in fart. Yeah, I doubt that. Yeah, I bet she's farts like an L.A.
Can you do the begin to imagine?
Being elevated with that bitch.
Make my mother.
She is again and this time I think it was like solid. I think she sets off smoke alarms. Wouldn't surprise the hot of me.
Bitch. I got news for you. I'm just ignoring her. I don't work for her. Nothing in my contract.
In addition to which she wants to ignore our contract. I'll do the same screw you honey.
One thing about this company man is far as being honorable and living up to their they're not.
They never will be never happen and never intend to.
They'll just tell you any crap you want to hear to get you to sign on the dotted line and then they'll do whatever they want and then you'll like it.
Like that crap back when they were given us this song and a dance about well if you know
Remember remember that one visit I made to that grotesque place where you were where they used to be?
Yes, the bomb.
The line was well how and then Greg is exploring the idea of building me a studio out in a hallway there.
Right.
At a boy Greg what a genius.
I would do like that that idea better than the quonset hut or the trailer.
The quonset hut.
Let's see here's the fact is the one major thing I noticed walking into the Gulf Stream
slot room was the BO.
Maybe they should bring back the smoking. I don't even smoke.
Well maybe it just goes in the hand and hand with slot places okay.
Maybe somebody is slimy people from woodbind that were down visiting.
Maybe it's slabs like slots.
That could be it.
Now some of those people some of those European people wow man.
Oh gag me with a prune you could just pass out.
I'm not kidding you could just swoon from them but that's you know it's the way it is.
It's the price you got to pay when you go out and mix with the pubic.
279 votes 12.
Yeah 12.
79 we got a real shot at greatness here today.
Although I will tell you this and again just just a word of caution I'm just monitoring it you know
since we're all typically on our own and that is that the listeners ship today on our website
I would say it's down well let me take a look right now okay.
Request report but a beep but a boop but a bob it's not good.
Oh man.
Woo!
Bad.
It's down like about 15%
for one it usually would be at this time.
Well of course don't forget it's still Thanksgiving weekend for some people.
Isn't it?
No.
Now that excuse won't fly what is it?
What do you think that is?
I don't know.
Well I think a lot of the people who listened online they were listening for one thing
and now they don't got it no more they don't have me sitting here reading all those
politically stimulating BS the world is going to blow up what are going to do about Iraq.
You know people are dying like flies over there and the media oh well it's on the
Virgous Civil War right.
It's on the Virgous Civil War it's like just so stupid it's just pathetic.
All the verbal all the verbal
Agile of BS it's just a bunch of crap is what it is.
And what are we going to do about it anyway?
We're going to solve something something going to change because I'm sitting here
ranting and raving on a radio every day getting aggravated and working 15 hours
a day trying to find interesting bedtime stories for people that don't want to hear them in the first place.
They hate them.
They hate period.
Well as much hate as there isn't South Florida you can be damn sure if they if it's the bedtime
stories they really hated them.
567 05 60 I'm thinking we get the meteorous underwood on the show of regular segment.
What do you think Josh?
Oh yeah that'd be great.
And maybe who are some other somewhat disturbed athletes and maybe we can give out the epistle.
Cecil Collins would be good he could come in for a peek
and then we can get who'd I start to say before you interrupted somebody very important
I forget who it was.
Somebody well make a list of all the somewhat
screwed up athletes that we can get on the show give their own segment right here on the show.
You know J to come in I mean that was you know that was talked about once upon a time.
I do it.
WDQYM hello.
I like the talk of the mod dog please.
WDQYM hello.
Now you you can be the judge there was that the real one was that the real one the real uh that.
No it wasn't that.
Oh not even close okay George is like not even not even considering it.
He's non-plussed by it was so bad.
But it is interesting when you got to steal material from from that that's pretty weak.
567 but like I said they have no material they have nothing to talk about.
What about that annual canon how about Princess Diana let's go back 10 years and see if
they remember what that was all about.
Yeah that was on again MSNBC they keep they've got some good documentaries but I think they've
only got like eight of them and they keep showing the same ones over and over again
and they show that thing about Gianni Versace and that whole business.
He is.
Of course never never during that the documentaries there any suggestion that he might be gay or like that
or that he had his henchman there and he would sit up on the roof of his mansion there.
A ledge these are just these are just uh procreful stories now with the binoculars spotting
a young hot guy's on the beach and he'd tell him I want this one I want them and it would go down
and proposition whoever and you know sometimes they'd say yes sometimes maybe no all the way down
and I with his money and they'd come up in the uh boogie a little bit you know what I'm saying?
They do the boogie woogie and not nothing that has anything to do with her that he deserved to be shot
like that or the fact that that uh pawn shop uh uh thing said in the uh i mean beach polisa
and in some tray on the decimal for eight days after can and used his real um passport inside his real name
and the name of the motel where he was staying at flea bag motel.
I mean who cares about those things?
Oh god 1291 votes my god we're on the verge of a breakdown I think
here.
I want a verge of early retirement for years truly I believe and of course I could do it you know.
You do realize that don't you?
Oh I know I could do it.
I could just not show up tomorrow.
How do you say?
How do you say?
Hey say Joe hey listen you enjoy seven great life there you know it's both their names start with
J.O.
Mm-hmm so does my one.
You know what that stands for don't you?
So does Josh's?
No.
Yeah we got George Josh, Joyce and Joe oh my god about you J.O. is if I ever heard it.
I totally do know what that stands for too.
Through you.
Yeah.
Jack of all trades.
Oh yeah.
Jack off all trades.
See there's no there's no reasoning with you there's no common sense.
He always has to go the extra five yards just like that thing with the facials the other day
a couple weeks ago.
What about it?
Every time I walk by a beauty salon now I'm assigned in the front not that I paid much attention
with beauty salon but you can't help but see you know what you're walking.
And that's the first thing it says on areas the facials you know that's what inspired me you see
I'm sure it's been all the time.
So they're full of crap.
Fairly affordable too I didn't think that you know I thought they charged more than that.
Of all the things Neal talks about which is most interesting the you politics politics 611
ridiculous inside radio stuff 223 religion 198 and that's all I care about.
I hate this pool only 51 3.9 percent.
Gase 24 Amsterdam 33 how about gase 24 Amsterdam there's a certain amount of that.
Pocky 33 ask Gal Goldstein he seemed to have discovered it late in life.
Products he discovers 23 like the what is that pasta?
Dreamfields.
It makes my sugar go up not not dramatically but it's it's great though I do love it
90 a couple times a week of the track 18.
Brady Quinn is up to 17.
Brady Quinn 17 with that big pair.
Oh my god that's that's what a man is all about what Brady Quinn looks like right there that's a man.
I know Josh doesn't agree but that's a real man.
Well what would you know about it?
Health problem I think Josh's roommate is jealous.
Health problems 13 slots 11.
Sports 9 and diets only 7 so sports has got 9 votes.
You think clearance has got the committee it is computer.
The biggest nail down the best talent this is Neil Rogers.
Forged radio 560 QAM.
Forged radio is what the Q4 UAM.
Language tape number six.
The convenience store.
Follow along and repeat.
Convenience store manager.
Hello may I be too happy to open these?
Repeat.
Customer.
Yes I would like a pack of Parliament lights.
Convenience store manager.
You want a Parliament light?
Repeat.
You want a Parliament light?
Yes I would like a pack of Parliament lights.
Convenience store manager.
These are Parliament light.
Repeat.
Is this a Parliament light?
Uh this one Parliament.
Customer.
No neither one of those is the Parliament light.
Wait no is this one?
No it's not that one.
You want a Parliament light?
Yes I want the Parliament lights please.
Is it that one?
No the Parliament light.
This one?
No no no can't you see it's up.
This one right on the left.
No no no over there by the dirty magazine.
Can't you see it?
Lesson laundry hand.
It's a Parliament light.
Neil.
Turn this tape over for language tape number seven.
Ordering Chinese food over the phone.
146.14.2.5.60 WQM.
So if you missed the beginning of the show,
we took the poll over the Thanksgiving holiday weekend.
What's your take on the callers?
1437 votes on that poll and it's overwhelming.
Overwhelming when you agree?
Absolutely.
I mean a few.
Absolutely.
A few would be okay.
612.
Bring the calls back 455 which we did today and they've been
something.
Can't say the word on the year.
That's 74.1% said if you would be okay or bring them back.
Bring them back alive.
The callers suck 182.
The show is fine without calls.
161.
A mere 11.2%.
That's weak.
Weak.
And I hate this poll only 1.8%.
They liked it.
They liked the poll.
They hated the show with those stupid bedtime stories.
So blame George.
We must see George out on the street just
open a window and just a partner's face and just say hey you don't know what you're
doing Mr.
you're killing that show.
You're killing the old man.
I apologize.
Well and apology accepted okay and enjoy your check.
Thank you.
1300 and three votes on the poll we did 13.
Old being how about that is that impressive or what?
No.
Not really.
And look at the phone.
Look at that phone I told you.
They couldn't make it until two o'clock.
They couldn't do it.
Did I tell you that?
Oh I just felt it man.
They dealt it and I smelled it.
I'm surprised they you know lasted this long.
Yeah well it's only Monday don't forget this is the first day of the rest of our lives.
Maybe I should have like an emergency pile a standby pile just in case you know what I mean?
5 6 7 0 5 6 10 not a big pile like the old piles but just like a medium a minimal pile.
Kind of like the one that Josh dropped there at noon.
5 6 7 0 5 6 10 5 6 10 5 6 10 the Verizon singular wireless line don't be no three four meals
again early in the show you're going to be running up and down the hallway there and one of
these days you're going to go in here it's going to be a full house.
He's got like two more still to go that he's going to you know have more
three item meals oh two more meals and then five more trips.
WDQ AM hello.
WDQ AM hello.
Yeah can I talk to Neil please?
Speaking.
Yeah Neil I'm a listener yours from California listen to the internet every day.
Oh my god.
Yes.
And I love your show because radio out here is really bad.
So I was a man.
In the other than the new safer I want to show you about Miami drivers.
Yeah.
And you may already notice but this came from maybe it was on the Associated Pressors on but it was in the
Payframe California.
It's that the drivers feed rude rage survey conducted to determine the driving habits and attitudes
of computers in the United States following the least courteous city in the country is Miami.
How about that?
Followed by Phoenix and New York Los Angeles and Boston.
The most courteous city is Minneapolis followed by Nashville St. Louis, Seattle Atlanta.
Fandiego, Wyla, did not make it.
Yeah we're going to lots of go to Nashville or St. Louis.
I mean forget about that.
But I moved out of Florida uh uh 12 years ago I used to live in Bokka and I couldn't stand those
ladies with a blue hair stealing sac when it delies.
Oh really?
The rude drivers the only thing good about South Florida is your show and I listen on the internet
in California every day.
Neil.
Okay thanks for the long distance to the suck job pal.
Thanks a lot.
Go prop.
Bye.
Bye.
How do you like that?
The drivers in South Florida suck.
There's a bulletin breaking news.
He's a good guy though.
He's all the way out there in California.
He's listening to show on the internet.
How do you like that?
In California, no less.
Not in some place where there's like life listeners like in Utah or somewhere but in California.
Got it.
Oh yeah.
And on the ETH press they had on with yesterday.
Well he makes me gag you know that whole phony put on thing in his which maybe it's not
phony or put on.
Maybe that's really him.
Oh that's good.
Oh.
How scary.
1309 and we're just fine.
Oh we're fine.
You like that.
I think we survived today.
Okay even though you were like obviously had a certain amount of moral crap at
the time there early in the show.
About this caller thing anyway.
It was okay and just fine.
WDQA am hello.
Oh yes.
Good afternoon Neil.
Is Bob in today?
WDQA am hello.
WDQA am hello.
Tom Slapped.
Hello.
Yes.
That was a fabulous caller Neil.
Yeah better than this one.
Hello.
But then again so would the so would this one be all I can't punch line one it's not working.
Make them make an or wait a minute for a second there I saw something online one happened.
Maybe the engineers did it.
The ghost of line one.
Didn't we have that a long time ago in fact it probably never got fixed in the
environment so long since I've been taking calls.
Part and parcel we're not complaining you understand we're not the bitching
and moaning we don't want to be like malcontents and you know pretend that we want equipment
that actually works like in a real radio station.
I bet you WV Webnet got better equipment than we got.
When you think I imagine.
And I think we ought to send all that hurricane crap back over to them.
I hope before you leave there today I don't know if Josh can find it or if it's still in the audio
maybe Tommy can put it out for you that rejoin that they put in there on Friday after cocker got
canned.
You I don't know whether you laugh or cry.
I tried almost like an appalling huh?
I tried to look for it in the bin.
It's almost like an apology like well where the hurricane station and the coach cocker
was replaced today and we'll be you know hear much more about this after two o'clock.
It was like a shot at us you know like usual.
In other words we know that everybody out there all they care about is the
hurricanes and coach cocker and therefore we apologize that we're not being able to talk
about it right now but once two o'clock comes man go nuts feel free to go nuts have added.
Yeah like what is there to say about that?
WQA M Hello.
QAM.
No.
Yes sir.
Would you be interested in the UM coaching job?
Yeah okay I'm starting next season yeah.
They really love me UM for my six seasons of broadcast and UM baseball.
That's what I learned what a blue nose horse ball place at a university that is.
I use the term university loosely and outfit and organization of blue nose a holes.
But that's down to Shalait Lee maybe in tad foot in the Gantsa Meshboho but they're all like
birds of a feather and if they lose the game yeah like I said one thing about Notre Dame at
least it's an institution that's got like some I don't know at least with the Pope for
for missing Catholics it's got some kind of credibility and what I'm saying.
What do you say?
Touchdown Jesus all of that but you owe me to take away the football program what do you got?
What have you got?
Of course that's why they lose the gamer to man we're off to Saurason we got to shoot the coach.
That'd be a good pull to take some day of all the coaches and owners of all the sports
mavens over the years and stuff which one would you like to shoot?
QAM.
The biggest name no good one.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
Well when he was alive back in 1489 he was a little guy who stood four foot five
kind of rounded pasty with a couple of jins and he was in charge of the Vatican Pope John.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
The scandal is secret.
It didn't confess was that he was a pregnant girl under that dress.
Back then they all dressed and dragged and held keep it in because if anyone found out he'd lose the game
Pope John you ferry
Oh
Ppias John
One windy day is dressed blew up in a dust and someone yelled hey that guy has no nuts
And like Marilyn Monroe is skirt belowed high and everyone knew it was the end of the line for Pope John
And barriston worried the bank would go broke the Vatican Jimi's meltdown hole is smoked
From history spin doctors had this erased not long after they had this greatly replaced Pope John
Pope John
Pope Pius John
They buried him or her out of public view and it's too held together with Scott taping blue
These few words are written on his doom
We pray that everybody will forget about you Pope John
Pope John
Pope John
Pope Pius John
Pope John
Pope John
