Six to three.
Like I said, Bobby the Longo better sign at the deal right now before they change their mind
He's like any the beagle. He's a human suit. Hello. Well some pick it is still dead by the way
I know we're gonna keep him alive. He's not even warm yet
Well some pick it was pretty good. He sure could pick it. Good. He sure could. Yeah, and to it
I like the time that he
Throw up on his neighbor's lawn and threaten to kill them. Well, that's a good idea
Good enough for Andre Dawson the hawk when his neighbors started pitching about a satellite dish and he said, hey, man
There you go. There's another one for you. I get
Number one. Remember that? Ever Bernie gets he said, hey, there's another one for you. That was a subway. That's what I just said
Not on somebody's lawn. No on a subway. So what driven this to make? How about enforced lawn?
How about that?
That's a good place for somebody's bastards. I know that place. You're really surplus population. I tried
Pass Forest lawn on my way from West Hollywood to Santa needed. Yeah, you have to pass forest lawn to get there
Hopefully it's not a moment of what's gonna happen to you when you get to Santa
You know something you're right. I've taken that same trip. Yep
It's Santa's Anita
Nothing could be neater than to say hi to the tweeter. Well, listen clearance
I thought was way out of line this morning came in the buff up up for half an hour about that horrible book yesterday
Yeah, and I tried to tell him that you know
We had the hurricane going on for weeks and nobody was getting any mail nobody was sending out any mail
They probably got about 15 diaries nobody that speaks English got any of them and he's trying to blame Irofor it
What he told me he said he's on a half hour a week
I would say that I recilled a Humper in the morning. It's we told me he said he killed your number
I said, what are you picking on for are you anti-Samanthag idiot?
Jack we
Even these little squeaky, but well a half hour a week. I must they win a game or something
You know, let's check hasn't their hang nail
Anyway, if I if I was them I wouldn't even pay for this book. I'd say I went and doubt throw it out like in the whirlens
They threw the Nielsen's out the in the sweeps because they're who had television who was reaching what was getting mail
Yeah, that's right. My God
Seriously, you know what the key to this book is to show you how stupid it is forget about raxi forget about anything
Take a look at WSUA have you ever heard of a radio swabi? No, it's one of those 50 marginal Spanish language music stations that nobody listens to
They usually do like about a one a 0.8.9 and they just went through the roof
They got like a two eight or four one they got real numbers there
In the urban stations well, I know but those those are stations that were nearly do okay
But they did fantastic because it was all a strictly ethnic book. Yeah, at mix and you know and probably a few wire diaries from some dihardt
Dalton fans
I don't know you thought it's often probably had a little bit to do. Yeah, I'm sure that especially once they started a
We didn't lose a game and December swoon the fact that they won six in a row a lot of the bandwagon
The jump in front running phone was a lot of course you can mind the fact that mad dog worked about two shows in the month of December
It didn't exactly help us either you know
Some of those video good deals that Greg made really did the job
By the way Greg is hanging around a building giving everybody advice now. It's good
Like trying to consult them
It's like Humpty Dumpty, you know and the egg breaks into a zoon in pieces and he's running around the consulting
How to put it back together in little on a page is little in bandaid and you know just take it all up no problem Greg
I'll give you a couple of winners. Yeah, yeah, I've been heard Pittsburgh
Well, you're trying to football again. Yeah Pittsburgh. I sure hope so man, and I like Seattle
We love this tea. There's all over like I said coward just about outcoach themself in that game. Yeah, just really stupid
They're blitzing at idiot and I hate painting man like poison because he just add an arc
It nervous watching him play just give me shfilky's
Air me single plays like oh, and I'm not eyes there. You know it's calling off the single is he
I just get out of my face. I can't I mean you know Brady does that a little bit too, but not to the extent that
Manning does you know what I like Pittsburgh because I think Denver's I look at the way Bailey
I mean our Brady Brady was killing Denver's defense last week giving a Bailey jury Bailey is retiring
I'm sorry. I know nobody cares
But the way Brady was throwing a ball against a Denver defense until the inception on the goal line right if that you take away that
Interception right killing them with a passing game. I understand that he had a statistically yet a very good game
But 341 yards. That's right, but it's an unlike a Patriot game
They don't turn ball over that many times in a playoff game or any game and Brady doesn't throw interceptions in any playoff game
But it's true too and that was you know when you cough the ball up and you get those two bad calls
It's a combination that spells defeat. I don't I don't feel that bad about they deserve to lose, you know
And they did lose but Pittsburgh
I mean seriously, I mean nobody's really talking about that
But it's like one desperation tackle away from one of the greatest travesties in the history of a football which would have been towers fault
Right because he's because he shut it down right in the second half
They only threw the ball I was high and he also he also was stopped blitzing the Sandy Payton
Maine that it down on both sides. Yeah, Sandy Payton by the way they hit it her like poison over there
In Pittsburgh no, yeah in Pittsburgh and in the WIOD. Oh, you remember that place I do yeah, yeah, I remember boy Gary
Those are the days, baby, and you remember during Hurricane Andrew were you there during Andrew or not?
That's why I got fired why because at three weeks after the storm
He wanted me to be doing hurricane Andrew shows right and I refused what were you doing?
Ira. Oh, I wasn't here yet. No probably Tom jica. No, I actually was
Next time is each and sorry if the track that type of garbage
He doesn't know the track well
He ought to start and you can shove him off the edge of the rail too along with whoever else it was you were gonna show about Oh, Jica
Jica you you realized that here it is Friday now. What was Moe's last show last Friday, right?
He still hasn't figured it out
You know that song is send a message to Maria whatever that song is he still hasn't got the message
He also hasn't got the thing about the numbers one thing about little burry and boy
I can't say much for that type of Lord, but one thing about him at least he makes an effort
You know, he doesn't and you notice how Joe Bell kind of intimidated that headline today
I don't think there's any question that Joe Bell speaking to very yesterday that he he kind of turned that whole feel around
The headline says WQA am leading on the rise 790 in ratings and this is written in such an unhead up their ass
The way that it's so uncharacteristic for burry and out of the station
I think somebody put the fear of God in him. They made him an offer he couldn't refuse
Probably threatened to take away his salami sandwiches old brown bagger
You know I'm a very jackass me on a lot of things you say about me are true
That's a true story. I swear my piercing airport several years ago
I'm sitting there waiting for my plane there it comes with this little tub of garbage what waddles up to me
How many on buried Jackson and a lot of things you say about me or that's the first thing you said not how you doing
Been here long
How they hanging a lot of things you say about me are true and I said to him you fairly so yeah
Oh, what an idiot what a what a sad case, you know
Oh, and you know remember you tell me about Johnny Fleischmann's column
Yeah, I went online and I read it not only did she have the age of everybody who she mentioned there even the general manager
WTVJ we needed no he said yeah, what what kind of a column is that?
Jolly you do yeah the only person who's age we didn't get was her she just turned 96 that old bitch
What an idiot Wilson pick it was 64. Yeah, he should live longer in Johnny Fleischmann. She should be in his box
God
We're gonna make a swap we're swapping out Wilson pick at least he had probably had some good music left in him
She got nothing but the pick it on old people
There would be like my calling you old you know something like that or a mole
Well, we sure miss him don't we
Like when somebody cuts off a 20 pound tumor I
Been you know what I consider him a little bit like Santa Claus in a way really yeah, you know how
Santa had Martins in his pants, but before you go to sleep on Christmas Eve
What do you do you leave a little stocking full of candies for Santa in case he shows up?
Yeah, well, this is by as much chance of motion up here again in Santa Claus. So I leave a little slice of pizza for him and it's talking
Oh
No
Oh
You got a great pizza back off
No, I'm it's that's not something I just got a facts. Oh, oh boy. I'm not gonna get started here
Looks to me like somebody's trying to bait me into getting real whole thing. Oh, oh
Lanciter why did I get started? You know I wish you all the best Bob, but if this is very sad
Oh, I'll read I'll save this for one year. I'll see Marlon's plan visit to Charlotte, North Carolina
I'm sure on top of that
Nothing to be find it and playing baseball in Carolina in the morning. I guess some guy some guy up there wants to build a
Mistadian well how about building in Greensboro look how good the and you know something they got a hell of a team
And are leading the league. What did I tell you about the Carolina Hurricanes?
That's how for this problem and they got the wrong Hurricanes they got that
College team and they got that Wilma and Katrina they got the wrong Hurricanes
The good Hurricanes are a Carolina. Yeah
And Charlotte where like you said there's at least ten Jews there. That's really something
Hey, you sure it's a great place. What do you think about?
That's very golden, man
When you said that I just about fell off the chair. That was great
Only a couple of grumpy old Jews like us would remember Harry golden. He was good. He was funny
Whatever happened to Sam Levinson and Harry golden Alexander King all the Jewish humorists. You know what happened to them?
I guess they died Sam Levinson died
Harry got inside too and Alexander King they're all dead
So they're old the funny Jewish guys are all the Ed Wynn. He's dead Milton Burle is dead. Yeah, Jack Benny is dead. Yep
She's a since he's are still alive but the last time I saw him on King
He looked like he was just hanging up a thread
Imaging coca but she she's dead right. She did I have a center for a while now she's dead
Well, I'll bring her back for you if you want. That's okay
Like that time they brought Kate Smith out in a wheelchair like she was like a weight about four pounds
You know here's what used to be Kate Smith and they slept her out on a wheelchair on the stage
Why do they have to do that you know here?
How do you do what get the four pounds?
She was unbalanced for life. Oh, okay. It's too much rubber canoes. I think did her in
Yeah, I put her over the age
What is he laughing about that tub of garbage?
Move some weight when you're playing a play. I'm gonna man
Bryce Bradford's gonna come in here and kick your fat disgusting smelly ass
You're a sacks good today man. Well good. Are you still how much you lost now? We're supposed to give me
Think about the six pounds six pounds. Yeah, well Kate Smith wish you could be up to six pounds
You might silly with us. Yeah, she went down a four. Yeah, when you get down to four
That's like Karen Carpenter character territory
Oh, I think you know something that I wasn't such a good mood in spite of the book because we know there was certainly a hurricane
It was a pilot crap. I mean just look at radio swabby and you'll just pee in your pants when you see that
But this fact I just get you know, I don't know what's worse
Karen's coming in here and picking on the Ira Winderman Windbag where this fact I just got from there will
Oh God
Well, listen have a wonderful weekend. I'll lose too much tomorrow. I'm taking off for a while
I'm not the I'm gonna be gambling with a vengeance not me. No, I'm saving up for next weekend for Niagara Falls
Yeah, I am telling you and I'm serious you would love you
It's a way hold up there for me right now. You know something sunny and 52 today here
I'll be going to Detroit. Did you know what I just said? Yeah, sunny and 52
By the way you got you got some recommendations in Detroit. That's some part of your old stopping area isn't it?
Not that there's any such thing as global worry. Did I throw the log out? I'm so okay?
I'm serious
Get with the program. Yeah, I couldn't have thrown the log out because I never got a log
No wonder I'm looking around. I have no log. Oh, I have I'm sorry to hear that. Yeah. Well, I used to have one
That's part of the aging process
Yes, that I've got one. It's you and I'm the log. It's you Howard David and then manage from hooters
Well, you got it. We were talking about it. That's what I got we were talking about one and then hardest tonight
I never got the log the log never came over. I got this facts, but I never got the log. I'm on tonight
From seven and I never got no this thing is wrong idea if I got a spot
I got no idea what's the first hour
No, we also had no stories on our website this morning because
Josh was too busy getting a little action last night. Oh, it's not my fault. Thank four five six times
You know for more people than ever once
You better you better you know kind of measure it out punk. Otherwise you'll wind up with me like an old fart with no log
Can I go now you can have a great day? No, don't lose too much tomorrow
All right, no listen to me. I got nothing. I don't know what I got for a spot here anyway
So what difference is it make it out no log you would love falls view and a beast would like it to you how to take him up there
Air me room in the casino it overlooks Niagara Falls. You know we're beast and I are going next week
I don't want to ask like we're going to we're going to a casino in Detroit. Yeah, we can't do next. Oh in Detroit
Yeah, what we're going up for Super Bowl. Oh, I see that's impressive. I know one of the casinos there
Yeah, so we'll be treated you know
Kid gloves gold give me the way out. We'll just stay out at just don't go on twelfth street
That's my best advice. Okay, so I'm gonna use to live in Detroit just this day out of the inner city. Okay, which is anywhere south of like
Gopaniac
Have a great weekend. All right, you too. Bye. Be white
It's Friday you first dude
And it's for picking on poor arrow windbag. Okay, just cuz he's squeaky and blows away 90% of the audience shame on you clearance you idiot
Yes
The
a
that's
He said his dance with a set of clothes and a noodle cartoos
He said his dance was in his shoes and today have a yellow light
Which had a name something they can define
That's why we have a yellow light but beside
What a treasure long tail one. Yeah, that's good to read the weather
It's a very rare thing like a cat. It's got a long tail. Did you actually read this fact?
I read it. Oh, you know, I'm assuming that that was written in, you know, whatever, ingest.
We're only in the best of here. I have two very close friends, males, presumably heterosexuals who own cats. I don't get it either.
Well, this person is obviously very heterosexual, the blomster, but that's in either here or there.
And I'm grumpy. Oh, wait till I get to that. I'm not going to read the big one.
I don't want to start picking on him again. Just when I thought we healed up our old wounds and the, you know, Darryl, you're a good guy and you got me in touch with Blabo again and we rekindled our mediocre friendship.
But, you know, just starting to be an Ozyon provocateur, stirring the pot and George would love some.
This is new Rogers. This is my log.
Were you drugs-packing?
New from the gap, gap for kids and baby gap. It's the new and exciting grandma gap.
I'm blower so I swatted, thread my gap, spit right over my children.
I found a pair of trousers that fit right over my depends. Even after wearing them for the whole weekend.
With my arthritis, I couldn't get out of this dress for over a month, but I didn't let to. It's so pretty.
I was trapped in the dressing room for a week. Could you help me get out of this straight jacket? I've got rubitis up.
I'm grandma gap. I was swollen. At a moment you. And I can't get out. I'm dying out of the hair.
Twenty-aft of 10 at 5.60 WQAM. Happy Friday to you January the 20th. Already almost 10.30 before you know it will be going home.
Hey, look at this of a two-page facts about the other Google story that you already had on there.
Oh, thanks so much. The Google story that I read yesterday is on our website and we talk about.
By the way, Josh Chakortis wants to apologize for not having any stories on it early this morning.
He did a last night before we hopped in a sack with his Russian girlfriend, but I thought he would. He's about to pop him up.
And the story is too. Very sad. But nevertheless, he's more worried. You know what happened to us? The reason we didn't have the log and we never had the chance to discuss these things.
Because our program director, such as it is clearance, came in here and wasted 35 minutes of my time this morning.
I ought to start charging for that. That's why. That was pathetic. What?
Huh? No, that's the reason I never told you. I guess what the log never came through. And it did not.
Okay. The first time I came through now, such as it is. I noticed we got some spots on the log now, not a whole bunch.
I wonder what do we carry on this station from ABC radio? What are those spots? Does anybody know?
No. Sporting news radio is not part of ABC, is it? I don't know. What program could we possibly carry from ABC?
It must be that Peter Jennings show from the other sports from the other side.
So there, I don't even know. Should I waste my time with this or not? With what?
With this last interview. I think what? I don't know. What else you got? I mean, you could have put it aside for, you know.
What do you mean? What else do I got? Well, what kind of a comment is that? It's not that big a deal. So he likes cats.
Yeah, but this business about a well-known grumpy old fart, be smirching cats and cats owners, yoddy-oddy-a, while the line that really bugs me is he says as having the distinct honor of having been adopted by not one but two
feelings. I can attest it as the cat who is man's best friend. Not some slobbering dog who spends half his time trying to hump your leg.
I hate to write the news to you, blah, blah, but it's the cat that rubs up against your leg in a very eerie and very other way like spooky. You know what I'm saying?
I can't know argument. Oh, geez. Cats have their own agenda. Just the, you know, when you go to Vegas when the air is real dry and you touch things and it'll little spark, you know, that static electricity. Well, that's what you get with a cat.
Oh, God. Here, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty. Can you give me like a dumb look and they put their tail up in the air and like, do whatever they want to do? Oh, they're independent.
No, they're not independent. They're stupid is what they are. They do their own thing that it's got nothing to do with you unless they're hungry.
Listen, the cats are fine for old ladies. That's fine. If I'm a farm that old or that lady like all a little bit, but not that lady like yet.
You're fair. I'm getting there a farmer, a big piece of property. Anyway, how the love goes about that was shocked yesterday is outbursts of this individual.
But one one considers his favorite pastime is watching men ensure pants beat each other with sticks while skating. Isn't any wonder?
Another shot at hockey, huh? Yeah, I watched you. I'm interested in watching men ensure pants, but not necessarily hockey players.
Anyway, he says the cat is the preferred pet of civilized cultured human beings that always preferred by roughions and the ender thaws and about that there was no doubt.
So Darryl passes us along with the case I admit which I hadn't gotten to that yet today. So, oh boy.
What could that blobbo listen to between ten and two online for free that there would be more entertaining and less aggravating?
Come on, blobbo. Get with it.
Marlins plan to visit Charlotte, North Carolina. The Marlins continuing to explore relocation will visit Charlotte, North Carolina, February, March.
These Charlotte observers says any interest is anybody here? I think most people are getting tired of being threatened.
We're leaving. We're leaving. Unless we get what we want to leave it by, by, by, see, get out of here already.
The report said the Mecklenburg North Carolina County Commission's agreed to it.
And they also said they're going to play that stadium for another only 15, 20 years at most tops.
Remember they said, Josh? Yeah, maybe 25, 25, 30 years more and then that's it. Then we'll miss them after that.
The report said the Mecklenburg North Carolina County Commission's agreed to explore real estate lawyer Jerry Reese's proposal to build a retractable roof stadium as part of a $600 million to $700 million redevelopment featuring orphuses and a residential element.
The Marlins have visited Portland, Oregon, San Antonio, planted visit Charlotte, lost wages, Northern New Jersey, North Virginia and Monterey, Mexico.
On Wednesday, highly a mere Julio Rubena, stating he'll meet with Marlins officials next week about the possibility of building a stadium in highly of, maybe sweet water, or ojas, or two eggs, or opalaca.
Yeah, maybe after about a sawgrass, in plantation would be good. What do you say?
Great, more power to them. Let's build a stadium right next to the Macarena sounds good. The whatever that bank bank America United rental, uh, Yanta Center, build a right next door. Let's just pop on in there.
Now Barry Jackass writes and I got to say Barry, Joe Bell has got your number man. Wow.
This article is, remember what I said yesterday I said mark this down and so on what he's going to write today and sure enough he writes about the ratings but in a very different way than he would have Joe Bell wouldn't like made him a death threat.
Nice going, Joe.
Seriously, he said look at Brattsy, but it would a club with an iron club, iron pipe.
Hey Barry, everyone, I'll walk again. Well listen, Puts, this is what you're going to write as opposed to the usual like on my headway up the tickets ass because you know, we have this, this incestuous relationship.
And then like I said, sorry, he hasn't discovered that the earth isn't flat yet. And let me ask you this. It's only going to take nine years for this thing they set up yesterday to get to Pluto. Isn't that exciting? Yeah, are you going to be counting every minute every second?
And now what's it going to do? Once once we get out there gets to Pluto, but I'm Mickey Mouse, the Aladdin takes the pictures. I imagine what are how many billion dollars we're wasting on that crap? All people are starving to, oh, we can't afford to rebuild the levies down there because there's too many chocolate people in the Orleans. And we don't really give a crap about them. They don't for a book for us anyway.
Right? Just like Jamie Baker told Bush one, well, we don't care about those Jews down there in Florida. They don't for us anyway. And you know what? He was right in Palm Beach. They both were panpy cannon.
Well, there you go. What comes around goes around 26 past 10. Anybody that doesn't like dogs? I mean, what do you know? Anybody that doesn't love dogs? Let me think. God not right up the top of my head. I mean dogs are bright and they're like responsive and are good companions.
By the way, they're just like people. They're good ones. They're bad ones. Right. That's correct. Great. But cats. See, my first experience with a cat. I was a little kid in Rochester, maybe five years old. And I went out of the industry and there was like a stray cat. I kind of adopted a cat or adopted me. In fact, this cat used to show up at our door and we made the bad mistake of putting a bowl of milk out a couple of times. That's a bad mistake because then you'll never get rid of it. Well, I'm carrying the cat back to the house. This little kitty cat. And I did a number right in my arm.
Now a dog would never do that, right? Well, a puppy, but otherwise not. No, a puppy would never poop in your arms. Get out of here. I'm talking about that number. Oh, no, those trace. He did a one or two and three months ago. I went to law enforcement right in my arms. And from that moment forward, I just hated cats like poison. Did you read here? Now, how's your doggy box coming up the house by the way? Your doggy little dog? I'll run it over. Man, I can't wait till you get those golden retrievers. 27 past 10 Q.A.M.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62.A.M. Right. You're fast. He's like one step away from Ira Windbag, you know what? And of course. Hey, Ira, currents hate you like poison by the way. And planes you for the bad morning number. Don't go rigging up. I couldn't if I tried. You failed.
So long as it's getting married, even though we're two guys. Don't go rigging my heart. Help if you want to pass. But we're dreaming I wear it to see those.
Oh, and I'll wear the dress.
Oh, everyone knows it.
Nothing is gay as our wedding day.
Now we can show it.
Married me please. I'm down on my knees.
I'm down on my knees.
Back down.
I won't go breaking your heart.
And 32 or 5.60.A.M. I'm not even going to waste my time with that dog and Kathleen. And you like whatever you like. You know some people like vanilla ice cream. I like some a little more flavor to it.
Anyway, I'm thinking very seriously. I better talk to Joe Bell about getting us a real program director before we have no audience left at all.
This character we got in there who came in this morning for 35 minutes. But I think that I built that about your boss.
He's a knit with. You can't tell him anything. He's a hard ass. We need somebody who knows a little something more about broadcasting as opposed to just ball games and jockstraps and taking showers with the boys. You know what I'm saying?
Man, that's what we need. Let's get duck back in here. Let's put the tie in fact. I mentioned that this morning. He would have to tie one on. Is that what he said or we sent him to Taiwan sports?
Yeah, that's all he knows from this stupid ass ball games. And if you start talking about programming or anything radio related.
Like, yeah, yeah, yeah, you already told me that. Let's talk about something else. Let's talk about the Keynes.
Just a silly person. You know, I mean, you know, keep him on a payroll. We've all been ahead a lot of those hangers on.
You ever have any hangers on just this morning?
Oh, man, there's nothing like bouncing around. But anyway, just try to turn out of the loose. Yeah, that's turned clearance.
Let's bring duck back and put him in making PD again. Like he used to be. Remember how well we used to do back in those days?
Nope. We had somebody know who knew about radio as the PD is opposed to this little sports nerd.
He just, you know, don't come in there. If you don't want to listen to what I have to say, clearance, don't come in there anymore and bug me.
Okay, you get on my nerves. You just the room. My day. 35 minutes. We get way behind in our usual agenda. We don't have no log.
It like throws the whole damn light your life out of kilter.
Speaking of kilts, very jackass rice. And that's interestingly put the headline. Wait till you hear this.
WQA I'm leading on the rise. Seven, I'd be in ratings on the rise in their Levi's. Yeah, you should live so long.
You know what this reminds me of last April. Remember they got that a few wire diaries 18 to 34 men? That's going to be our demographic.
We got, you know, they got a couple of fluke diaries in there. Right away. That's going to be their story.
You ain't got no story because next month, they'll be right back to the same old crap.
The October through December, radio ratings. It's generally called the fall book very early radio ratings throughout this weekend while everything is a matter of perspective.
Here are two indescribable facts rights. A little put you one one.
Though it's ratings dropped. WQA still beats seven. I did a ticket overall and during all of the four or five hour measured day parts.
Well, is that four or I see what he said to acquiring dolphins rights undoubtedly helps seven. 90 whose audience is increasing significantly, especially in mid to late afternoon.
Thank you, but that Daniel a master by the way he's Portuguese. He's not the Cuban at all. Okay. That's what I hear for the gasey.
C for two. Yeah. See. In a key demographic group, men 25 54 from Monday through Sunday, WQM was 10th in the market with a 3.4 share and seven. 90 was 19 for the two to.
Well, I think it's very severe. Sports station. I have a two to up from a one three in a previous ratings book. Though WQM general manager Joe Bell and seven. 90 didn't yet have our our by our breakdowns to compare competing shows.
Albert tried doesn't make them available to meet you reporters, whether or not out yet you idiot in the men's 25 to 54 demographic WQM late 60 to 10 a.m. A 2.5 to a 2.4.
Uh oh, 5.0 to a 1.7 from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. And 3.7 to 3.1 from 3 to 7 p.m. It wasn't the strongest book we've ever had, but I'm pleased with our overall line up Bell said noting sports
relationship overall was increased in the market. Seven 90 got some benefit from the dolphins. It'll be interesting to see when the dolphins are out of the equation like right now.
The ticket would move to a sports format in September 2004 acquired the dolphins hoping with boost its overall audience. The dolphins have something to do with it, but it's also matter being on the year 16 months and a product of our lineup.
Seven 90 jam John weiner stew got said right the same line up that was getting point all the time. It will continue to another day.
The dolphins are long gone. I said often playoff for a game coming. So there's very jackasses taken like I said, sorry in the Sun, he doesn't know there were any ratings.
He doesn't know that Moe is done as I show on his station. He doesn't know that the Sun also rises and it says sunny and going to be 52 degrees in Toronto today. He doesn't know squat.
All he knows from his ESPN's got this. He got four pages online of garbage. He's picking up right where time jicker left off. Nothing about what's happening on the local sports scene.
It's all a bunch of cookie cutter national crap that anybody could write five year old child could write that a little kitty cat go rid it.
When I'm little tabby cats. You don't like to pull on the Sun Central? Yeah. The one you have to 80, maybe 253 votes. Well, I keep rechecking it here so I can give it the up to the numbers on it.
Very important. It's in Broward though of course, which is the most liberal county by far in Florida. And it's not going to get on the belt anyway.
So it's kind of a mood point. But it's interesting to see a group strongly supported by Florida's Republican party wants to vote a referendum this November.
Whether the band game marriages and same sex civil unions in the state. Are you for or against the ban?
41.5% in favor of the ban. 53.4% against the ban and 5.1% but no them own cats. Out of 80, 253 votes. How do you like that?
Are you shocked by that? Not really. I mean, it's an anonymous thing. We have a chance to express your intolerance in bigotry and paranoia. I mean, how does it affect anybody else? Does it affect? No. Who cares?
Wow. Well, this is going to destroy traditional marriage. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mama. Okay. Speaking of polls, here's the one we did yesterday and see they're probably really confused now because the one that's under right now with over a thousand votes and our goal is a thousand during the show.
That's today a poll for the weekend. Now if you knew imagine by Monday morning, how many votes we can get on air? 2000. How many thousand?
30,000 votes. Yeah. How come the Sunsendals got 8253 votes in air pool online? We got like a we're lucky to get a thousand. Huh? Huh?
That's because we got nobody listening. Do you see the book? They're all listening to radio swave. They're listening to old Julius La Rosa records. And by the way, he wasn't Cuban.
Who's death in 2005 was saddest to you was our pool yesterday. All the Americans had died needlessly in a rack hundred and twenty five. Did I tell you that would win? Yes. Did I say it? Absolutely.
Johnny Carson just edged out Richard prior 106 for here is Johnny and Richard prior 103 who had prior commitments. I hate this poll 73. None of the above 70.
How to rest Thompson 46. Hope Paul John the tooth was a lovely fashion plate on a slab 34. Was that the old slob on the slam?
Luther Van Roas got. Still dead by the way. And that we have to add what's his name Wilson pick it. Look at him in the man.
And Bangkok 23. That's why voted for our love damn bankrocks. He was just so great and married to Mel Brooks. I don't know why that has anything to do with it.
It just it just kinds of adds a little something something. I mean, we made to be on beyond super life. The fact is just like you older red.
It was married to a gene wilder. Right. See what I'm saying? I don't know. Rosa Park 16 Peter Jennings 15 who still listen to those a Celine Dion records in hell.
Nifty Russell 13. Adam's 13 who did more for TV Don Adams or Nifty Russell who did more for Chris shows who did more from what we hear on those bits.
Probably everybody did more so it sounds like. 5.10. We're 11 Simon V season. Fall 11 to a shy.
Oh, 10 Eddie Carrero 9. Thanks. Tram had eight. Let's see. Yeah, they're smoking a band. I asked her away silly people.
Smoking in the band. How about Boogie nice? Did we put that on there? I don't know. We have the problem with this pool that we got on there right now.
See when Eric first put it on there, there were an alphabetical order, but as soon as you get one vote that it's all huh.
So I'll leave it to you guys to like figure it out. How do we how does it? There's about 8,000 different movies on there. Well, let me get back to this again.
Hey, Stram A George Vest the footballer 7 James doing six that rich five Paul windshield five William Rincrest five old Billy boy John DeLorean five Pat Marita for Frank.
You think he was doing something with Graff Machio? Frank Purdue for Eddie Albert three Saturday three Johnny Cochrane to Howard Morris to Howard Morris man.
He was from the Louis Nye School. He was a good guy. Funny Tom Poston dot nots. Didn't that not just broke? I don't know. Look it up. Get out of here. You don't know.
I think that not just met Marvin Maker man. I think they just went to that great harness track in the sky. I'm on a cello. Pat McCormick won one each for these Michael fail Frank Gorshin had been dig
whoever to board. Who was no Billy go and be esky. Bill Proxmeyer. He was who's the left handed baller from Card Marti of Marty Perino from Syracuse. You know something. The fact that I remember something like that is very it's very disturbing to me.
William Laman one Barbara L. Getty's one Arthur Miller one no votes for Louis Nye the aforementioned one link Ray Vincent Shevelle you said love Barbara L. Getty's Eddie Albert Prince from here Max Schmelon. How's Max? Is he still Schmelon? Very great. And Don Nott's is still kicking.
No boy not the are you sure. Oh that's right. He's been he's on a way out because he just had a big tributy. He's so he's like right on the edge. He's kind of like Larry Hagman. Surely he's him none none for Ossie Davis Eugene McCarthy Jack Anderson the muck raking columnist to break a lot of muck. Ralph Edwards. This is your life Ralph. I have no lot anymore. Skits Henderson. Heligar John Ray Tehron Davis Prince or is that Tyrone Prince Rainier and saw Bella a hell of a fellow out of 777 none. That was what we had during the show.
I hope we don't we're getting the movie pull that's going to really aggravate some cat lover right there. Why did he why did that guy why did they all send me that you know. I mean later in the day I would have read that I read
the last of your stuff every day whatever he's rambling on about which is fine. But why did he do that just just like all the other talk show groupies out there just trying to stir the crash.
This is me Roger. This is 5.62.
What's the problem officer? The floor from the vehicle. If you're caught driving without a seatbelt you will be removed from your car and shot.
The police now have the authority to enforce seatbelt safety under the new Patriot Act 2. The new laws in effect now so click it or be shot.
Officers don't like doing this. They are only following orders. It's for your own protection and the never ending fight against terrorism. Terrorists act such as mouth noise.
Perfume and fighting. But be annoying to others so under Patriot Act 2 eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants. Anyone eating outside the designated eating area will also be shot.
It's the law. We like saying that. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law.
The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law
The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law. The law.
I mean, I sat there on my couch yesterday watching that.
I didn't know whether to drop a gigantic load or peel up an ant.
I just, I can't believe it.
Why?
There's an election coming up.
Oh, yeah, right.
Man, oh man, alive.
Be a friend.
Be very a friend.
That's what they want to do, man.
Every time there's an opportunity to get the people peeing,
we can save the safety, save the, we've had no terror attacks since 9-11.
I'm going to say it right out flat.
I think the bushes and the mid-lads are running on it together.
How do you like that?
All right.
As every day goes by, become more and more convinced that this whole deal was hatched
by the biggest clerks on the face of the world, the bushes and the mid-lads, business partners,
birds of a feather, kill people together.
You think it's just a coincidence we can't find Osama or any of those other top henchmen?
Although we do keep killing a lot of innocent civilians in a meantime, but nobody wants to
talk too much about that.
Well, the biggest mention, it kind of like is an afterthought.
Oh, that was an accident, but somebody got hurt.
My bad.
The US has no plans to raise the security threat level because of a new tape of Osama
you mama saying al-Qaeda is planning attacks.
What a surprise.
Counter-terrorism officials say yesterday.
It's like they're talking about a kindergarten children.
Oh, he's a planning more attacks.
No.
Could have fooled me.
The White House firmly rejected and law-mongering suggested a negotiated truth.
We don't negotiate with terrorists, vice-president Dick Cheney sent a TV interview.
I think he has to destroy them.
Use all heart.
Counter-terror officials say they see no specific or credible intelligence to it.
You know where you have counter-terror officials?
I give up.
If the counter at Walmart.
Counter-terror officials say they see no specific or credible intelligence to indicate
an upcoming al-Qaeda attack on the USA.
No other day notice an uptick in terrorist communication chatter.
No, no, no, no.
That's all that chatter.
Although they can dramatically increase or decrease immediately before an attack.
Increase, decrease, stay the same or none of the or all of these say, you know, they
know what damn thing.
All they know is they want to keep you really nervous on edge.
They want to keep your bag overflowing.
And they seem to be doing how the job, you know, when we get to this poll, you know, how
once in a while because I don't want to like crane my neck and sit here trying to read
off the computer monitor.
So while I print something out, we get a lot of votes.
Six pages this took.
This doesn't include the ones that are coming in here on your ass.
So they add, I mean, these great facts.
Yeah, I know.
But before we get to this, another one was boring polls.
Wilson Pickett be dead.
Now you got that music created and how the Humper would take it home and steal it.
Oh no, I got it on the computer here.
Let me get the record.
So legend saying hits in the midnight hour and mustang-scally.
God almighty.
Little Wilson could eat pick it or what?
I'm waiting.
I don't hear no.
Oh no, Wilson Pickett.
Wilson Pickett, the Alabama born soul singer, brought a raw groove and growling energy.
The 60s R&B music with hits such as in the midnight hour mustang-scally died through
the day he was 60 full.
I don't have either of those.
I mean, what a lot of time we had great R&B artists.
We had Motown, even like the R&B stuff.
We had the, and now we got hip hop, rip, you know, crap.
So called rap music.
Gangster rap.
Maybe that ought to tell you a little bit about what's going on in the USA.
The rock and wool Hall of Fame member died at a hospital near his rest in Virginia.
Oh, you know what he was doing there?
Rest in?
That's it.
After suffering a heart attack, Cory to a statement released by his personal manager,
Margot Lewis.
Chris Hotheel of the Management Company talent source had picked it and been suffering
from health problems for the last year.
His career span four decades.
And before slowing down in 2005, he continued, is this amazing how he liked a diet on
the day we were doing a pull about dead people?
Although he didn't make the cut for 2005.
Oh well.
Mark him down for next year, right?
Before it unless retains a format.
He had continued to perform earning a Grammy nomination for the 99 album It's Harder
Now, which also received the three WC Handy Awards, the In John Retrofi for Blues and
Soul Recording.
Despite his longevity as recording artist, his career was truly defined by his recipe,
forceful delivery on a one of 60's R&B hits.
Kind of raspy like John Richburg, John R&W LAC in Nashville, like that.
Among them, Land of a Thousand Dances, Monkey Broadway and the Telephonic, 64, 5, 7, 8, 9,
6, 3, 4, 5, remember that?
5, 7, 8, 9, 9.
Was that kind like Beachwood 4, 5, 7, 8, 9?
By the Mark Latter-Other Quarter?
I see.
The singer was nicknamed the Wicked Picket for his rough power and no recording cap to
the intensity more famously than the revving 66 hit Mustang Sally released by Land of
Records.
I read Joe Hunter was also on Land of Records and so was your Retro.
That strong in the midnight hour where Touchstone hits for the 60's music fans and they
were revived memorably for a new generation by the 91 Alan Parker film The Commitments
and its hit soundtrack.
The popular film's plot about a scruffy collective of young Irish musicians, I didn't
know he was Irish and their ill fate had the attempt to meet and perform with their
hero Picket.
So there you go, Wilson Picket is dead, damn it.
And what's who else, Lou Rawls?
Right.
That a whole bunch of good people have already this year and so are the 20th of January.
Sonny and 52 and Gerrard, there is no such thing as slowly going to keep that in mind.
Now, here's the facts from us, somebody.
Oh, Riley again, he got a good fact yesterday, so now because I said something good, now
he's out of control.
A few who used to be a list that he wants to add.
Memento, how could we left that off of there?
Out of sight, out of mind.
Right, well let's get it on there and sure it's not on there.
Raiders of the Lost Ark is that on or not?
It is not.
Well, I mean, we don't want to have these on there twice.
Yeah, that would be bad.
We don't care.
Shawshank redemption.
Oh, it's so tiring here and I might have to watch that already.
I am going to get American History Expo this weekend.
It, you won't be disappointed, I don't think.
All about Eve.
Was that about Eve Arden, Armas Brooks, or was that about the who was in that all about
you?
Some great actress.
I don't know.
And I was good movie, Black and White, though, Josh wouldn't like it anyway.
Forest dump, Forest gum.
Oh, no, that's what Ray Nagan said.
Life is like a bunch of chocolates.
The big love ski, which you told me absolutely blows.
I didn't see it.
So I didn't want to tell you anything about it.
It's not that bad.
Oh, I'm out.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
Who's putting me in the middle of the game?
Where do you hide?
No, that's not the poigee this you see over there.
Or that 8.
I meant to dig into that one.
which I have no idea what you want to.
But to listen very carefully,
I'll read them very slowly by that time
to be about 3.31, finish reading the list.
And by that time, can you imagine how many cats
we can nuke by that time?
This is Neil Rodney.
They all put the microwave mask in the air.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is the Neil Rodney or Shell.
We picked 30.
This is your brain.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go,
any questions?
If you fry your cats in crystals,
make them tasty and crispy everywhere.
If you fry your cats in crystal,
all right.
I prefer olive oil myself.
All your olive oil, extra virgin, of course,
when you sit and think, all right.
Look at this.
It was the 2004 election fixed.
I'm going to read that, baby.
I thought I'm reading any more of these bedtime stories,
but I might make a few exceptions whenever I feel like it.
Didn't we say we're taking nothing but 8 million calls this year?
That's what you said.
OK, here's the poll.
What's the best movie of all time?
We did this once before about 100 years ago.
Hopefully you all forgot.
It's interesting because you got to originally
and you're the one that started all of this
so you can take all the blame.
Or credit.
All those people always complain about me.
I like those polls.
I got news for them.
It isn't exciting.
Can I be on the air?
Is that?
But then what is?
It's better than most of what these people got,
which ain't much.
Believe you me.
Software ran out of material a long time ago.
Anyway, the best movie of all time.
The Godfather.
223.
How do you like that?
Is there any doubt?
The Godfather.
God bless you.
God bless you.
God bless you.
God bless you.
The thing your brother brings all over you
and I say, he leaks soon.
What are you going to do?
Nice college boy, huh?
You want to get mixed up in a family business?
Now you want to go down a police station?
You want to slap your face a little bit?
Huh?
What do you think this is?
The army where you shoot them a mile away?
You got to get a post like this.
A little big, your blood, your brains all over you
and I say, he leaks soon.
Come in.
You're taking a very close.
Believe it or not.
Take me to the knowledge.
I don't care how many day go, getting you what?
Grace Paul, Goombas, come out of the woodwork.
What am I going to do to make you drink your service for a split?
Don't ever.
Never.
Never.
What justice?
We must go to the court.
I can handle things.
I'm smart.
I'm like everybody says.
Like, don't, I'm smart and I want to spend.
Johnny Fontay will never get that movie.
I don't care how many day go, getting you what?
Grace Paul, Goombas, come out of the woodwork.
I'm German Irish.
Well, let me tell you something, my crock, Mick Friend.
I'm going to make so much trouble for you.
You own all of them.
I know what it was.
Come to lawyer.
I have not threatened.
I know almost every big lawyer in New York.
Who the hell are you?
Look, a brush is slushed with the fishes.
I don't feel like I have to wipe everybody out.
It's just my own.
That's all.
I know what you say now.
You broke my heart.
You broke my heart.
It's a matter of week.
I think your brain is going to soar.
Johnny Fontay will never get that movie.
I don't care how many day go, getting you what?
Grace Paul, Goombas, come out of the woodwork.
I'm German Irish.
Well, let me tell you something, my crock, Mick Friend.
I'm going to make so much trouble for you.
You own all of them.
I'm a lawyer.
I have nothing to say.
I know almost every big lawyer in New York.
Who the hell are you?
Well, let me tell you something, my crock, Mick Friend.
Do you know who I am?
I'm Mo Greene.
I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
I'm going to make them an Alfred Gammesky.
Oh, for real.
You won't see him no more.
See, he was beautiful.
He was young.
He was innocent.
See, he was the greatest piece of ass I ever had.
I'm not out of all over the world.
You're taking a very first.
Anyway, just a little taste, huh?
A little taste.
Just a little bit of a little bit of honey.
Oh, you only have a, how about tasting the canola, Eli?
One more time for the West Coast.
For all time's sake.
The Godfather, 223.
There's nobody even close.
Cast a blacker, 56.
One fool over the Cuckoo's Nest, 41.
Tied with Star Wars, 41.
I'll take Cuckoo's Nest any day over.
I mean, Star Wars is fine.
It's fine, but Cuckoo's Nest.
For all people with a childish mentality.
Right.
Godfather, part two, only 36.
These all meant they'd dose.
I don't know how a trinket says.
Lord of the Rings, 34.
Although, now we've got 2001 through 2003.
So in other words, the whole, the, the, the whole deal.
Oh, yes.
Go ahead, Josh.
Start talking.
Oh, yeah.
How you guys are probably eating pizza from, uh, brand of a Tony?
I don't know.
They don't open to like 11.
Oh, probably the, how is he again?
No, we're having some, uh, munchkins.
You're munching on it?
Yeah.
Munchkins, what is that?
Donut holes.
Ooh.
Blazing saddles.
Beckham.
32.
Josh 31.
He has something we can't say the A word anymore.
How about you, Donut hole?
We can say that.
Caddy Shack 28.
Oh, come on.
When you people get serious.
Caddy Shack is the best movie of all time.
We keep talking about this for some reason.
It's the movie.
This is the sports nerd mentality.
He's overgrown punk.
You know, it was a funny movie.
But to say it's the best movie of all time.
That, to be, to be this.
This far up on the list, Hyde with Dr. Strange Glove.
It was all right.
That was very, very overrated.
And one over, uh, Fair and Hyde 911, 27.
So another was Caddy Shack was better than Fair and Hyde 911.
Monty Python and Holy Grail 23.
You know, by the time I get you reading this list, it's going to be like about 430.
Animal House 20.
Apocalypse Now 19, Pulp, I'm not going to read them all.
Just double digits.
Okay.
The rest, uh, no chance.
Apocalypse Now 19, Pulp Fiction 17.
It's a wonderful life.
17.
Talk about overrated.
Oh, God.
Uh, good fellow 17.
Brave Heart.
15.
Network 15.
Clockwork, Orange 15.
Train Spotting 13.
Yes, spot this.
To Kill a Mockingbird 13.
You know who can kill a Mockingbird?
Kitty Cat.
See, I told you that it's good for something.
Lawrence of Arabia 13.
Airplane 11.
Now there is the funniest movie of all time.
Not even close.
So much funnier than Caddy Shack.
Did we take a comedy poll?
I mean, years ago, I'm sure we did.
The better, yeah, we know.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
We're not going to do that now.
Friday 11.
Friday, what's Friday?
Friday's a movie?
Yes.
It's very fun.
I'm going to be playing with Chris Tucker and Ice Cube.
Oh, not for me.
They're good to bat in the Eugly 11.
And I'm just going to give you the names of you.
I'm not going to give you the numbers.
Uh, the other one, the other 400, the runner.
Young Frankenstein, usual suspect.
Citizen Kane, Chinatown, Ace Ventura, Pat Tatek.
The Exorcist ought to have a lot more votes.
American Beauty, Blade Runner, Papillon.
Team America, World Police.
Oh, shit, I have many more votes.
Yes.
Which cast it in the Sun, Anzacate, Little Big Man, The Gear Hunter.
The Graduate, Overrated.
Fail, Safe, Glen Gary, Glen Ross.
You fairy.
Life of Ryan.
Uh, Shinler's List, Psycho, Under Waterfront.
The Treasures, Sierra Madre.
Fargo, Midnight Express.
The Lion and Winter.
The Goonies, The Omen.
2001, Space Odyssey, Great Dialogue.
And a, uh, Squall is reading.
Rookie and Prairie, Magnolia's got five already.
You see that, you quizzling, you silly person.
You fairy.
Uh, Hard Day's Night.
Great Escape, Beautiful Mind.
ET, The F. Treasures, You'll reveal.
Sin City.
I don't see, uh, what you call it on here.
Yes, City of God.
Oh, it's on there.
Uh, I'm going to be playing with you.
Uh, Chinatown, Heat, Aller-Presidents, Midnight Cowboy, Misery, Rollerball, The Sting,
Being there, Once Upon a Time in America, If you've got 20 or 30 hours to spare, it's great.
Uh, Yo Jimbo.
Yo, Jimbo.
Hey, Yo, Jimbo.
Oh, right.
Taxi driver, Singing in the Rain, King Kong, Fighting Nemo.
Oh, he's the one with a big ears.
Uh, City of God, there he goes, got three votes.
Not as amazing as Magnolia though.
It's, uh, one and the other one, though.
See what?
You've been touting Magnolia.
Get out of here.
Better out of here.
You're going to vote for what I say.
Yeah.
They will.
No, they will not.
Bonnie and Clyde, from here to eternity, Umberto D, Easy Rider, they French Concoction,
Who Frame Rogers Rabbit, Gold Finger, North by Northwest, and I'm still trying to find that
for you.
I can't, uh, it's out of print, I guess.
I, I guess.
Take fear that's the 90-minute version, that's one with the De Niro.
Guess who's coming to the near, they call me Mr. Tidd.
I'm not interested in that they're like side by each each have only two.
What's the, uh, Titanic, the Pink Panther, I'm forgiven swing time, the searchers raging,
bull, Miller's crossing, overrated.
Man, it's your in candidate, eight and a half.
Children of paradise, charade, the Apotheology, what the hell's that?
A Geary, the rant of God.
Is that Hank a Geary?
A Starisborne, the birds, uh, a Starisborne by the way, it's 54- it's one with Judy Garland,
James Mason, that's the definitive one.
The birds, Ishtar, the hustler, the birds, Killem, Buzzi, the liverance, bullying for Columbine,
wings of desire, Tokyo story, some like it hot, Pinocchio, Persona, once a part of time in
the West, Neneccha, Metropolis, Meet Me and Say Louis, Louis, the last command, his
girlfriend, it a fly.
Now that's the 86-1S with the Jeff Goldblum, as opposed to the really good one with the Vincent
Price, Vincent Price.
Yes.
Drunken Master II, the discrete charm of the bourgeoisie, city lights, cameo, Berlin,
Alexander plots.
It'll make you plots.
Very lindenly, Poseidon, Adventure, Pants of Glory, the mission, sunset Boulevard, the
flying douche d'accuses, Dick Tracy, Kate Pier 61, S along with Robert Mitchell.
Prank and Steen, that's the original with, uh, Boris Carla.
Dracula, now we don't have the data in there, it should also say 30 or 30 when I was a
fellow that goes see, that's what we're talking about, and then they've evoked, anyway,
God, what?
The only one named Dracula.
Well, they'll think it's Frank Lemme and Jello.
The Hattouted.
Despite who came in from the cold, Zulu, Breaker Morant, the producers, three days of the
Condor, the fog of war.
There's eight women and more of them, the insider white hate Umberto D is under again,
I think once was more than enough.
Ulysses Gays, you get zu.
I think it was nice that Ron Popeel saw.
A touch of sand, talked to her as the sweet smells success, sunrise, the streetcourt named
desire, smiles of a summer night.
Streetcourt and desire has none.
Oh, the singing detective, the shopper on the corner, Sherlock Jr.
No Schmitt, Sherlock, Piazza, the purple rose of Cairo out of the past, Olympia parts
one and two, notorious Nia Can.
Moussette, Mon, cold, they Merky, they Merik, Mon, oh, on, cold, they Merik, some frog
crap.
The man with a camera, Leolo, Leolo.
So, currents don't find you.
The lady Eve, kind of hearts and coordinates.
I don't think I ever read a list like this is so ponderous, man.
It's a gift.
Invation of the body snatchers, none.
Oh, please.
Look at this.
Caddy Shaxx got 28 votes and invation of the body snatchers has none.
Um, seriously, some of you people out there, you never grew up.
These are the same people that run along with their Hurricane Jacket's on and their little
paraphernalia.
And we love that, Hurricane's, but they lost a game.
Geez.
Silly people.
In a lonely place, Ikiro, farewell my concubine.
The 400 blows, I agree.
Double indemnity, Dodd's worth detour, the decalogue.
Day for night, the crowd, the crowd of Monsieur Lang.
That's about my clang.
Closely watched trains.
Chung King Express, where they got some fantastic take-out.
Brighter Frankenstein, Bond, Bond Apart.
I'd, I'd never know my friends should all.
Babyface and the awful truth.
Whew.
Man.
So just my memory tells me that although not bookie nights, I do forget whether I read
that or not.
Did I read that?
No, but we put it on there.
No, but I'm just saying it wasn't on the, I'm the little one here.
No, it was not.
So Riley, like I said, in a fabulous job, must be Rick Riley.
Uh, because I don't think any of the ones he's got on this list around him, must have
checked and double checked.
Nice go.
We appreciate that.
Oh, because if there's one thing we hate is people that like duplicate, right?
Absolutely.
They duplicate and triplicate and add you tape like clearance, it's idiot.
Hey, clearance.
You fall away.
I don't want, you know, he just won't stop doing it.
Then I tell him about a week or 10 days ago to stop doing it.
And by the way, clearance Wednesday, next Wednesday's payday.
That's all I need to say to you.
Next Wednesday's payday, take care of it.
Take charge of it.
Fondle it.
Squeeze it in the paycheck too.
Okay.
And make sure it gets there.
That's all we need.
Everything else is just fine.
Have you like his cost to comment about our five, whatever the hell is going to be
share from 10 to 2.
Wow, you know, that's not one of your, but compared everything else, compared to
some of those other numbers on this radio station, a bogus book with the hurricane book.
We're not too deep, we'd be preyed and deprived about that.
Except we're going to lose some bonus money.
Damn it.
No, they got a camp.
What they ought to do is cancel the book, tell our betrayer on up yours and just give
everybody the full bonus.
The least they can do for us working over a hot microphone during those very difficult
conditions.
Right.
Hot steaming like that.
We're having a drive to work in the hurricane and the other stuff out of the trees,
the signs, the outside.
How was that?
Man, I just jeopardized my life doing that, rolling out of bed and coming in here.
1113 at 560 WQM.
Finally, a TV experience like no other.
Comcast digital cable with on-demand is easy news, has lots to love, like no other.
And today you can try for only 29.99 a month for four months.
Why is TV so much better with on-demand?
For starters, you can watch a wide variety of movies like we're talking about today and
shows whenever you want.
It's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV.
On-demand is a library of thousands of programs ready to start when you say so.
With programming including free movies, kids shows, music videos, cooking shows, sports,
home improvement shows, guitar lessons, and so much more, you'll always have something
good to watch right when you want to watch it.
And don't forget about control.
With on-demand you can start, stop, pause, rewind, and fast forward programs using
that remote control.
You sure can't get all of this with satellite.
With up to 250 channels plus on-demand you can build your own TV schedule.
Who could want more?
Best of all on-demand is free with Comcast Digital Table.
So pick your show time, sit back and you'll wonder how you ever live without it.
Call today order Comcast Digital Table HVO with the power of on-demand for only 29.99
a month for four months.
Invade call 305 Comcast and then...
ROWA!
954 Comcast.
Call for an Italian certain assistant supply.
305 Comcast and date and 954 Comcast and...
ROWA!
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QA.
Blonde what's your emergency?
Mouth!
You have a hair ball.
Mouth!
Oh it's your owner.
What happened?
Mouth!
He fell out of his wheelchair.
Mouth!
Is he still breathing?
Mouth!
Okay can you go check?
I'll stay on the line.
Mouth!
Mouth!
Mouth!
Good, good.
Help is on the way.
I know you're scared.
Just stay on the line with me and think happy thoughts.
Imagine a giant mouse filled with catnip.
Is there anything else you need us to do?
Mouth!
Of course you are.
I'll have one of the officers open a can for you.
Mouth!
Who's a good kitty?
Yes you are.
Who's a good kitty?
Who's a good kitty?
Who's a good kitty?
Who's a good kitty?
Some bathroom tissues claimed to be cognizant.
But sometimes that's not soft enough.
That's when you need...
Kit-nell bathroom tissue.
But toy the paper that's kitten-y's all over.
Kit-nell bathroom tissue doesn't come on her own.
Kit-nell is a big clean-up white puppy kitten
that sits next to the pillow.
When you're ready just grab one out and feel the difference
that real kitten for a maze.
Who?
That's so...
Oh!
Hey!
Those aren't balls of yarn you know.
And for those with sensitive skin, we recommend new,
Declod Kit-nell bathroom tissue.
That's much better.
Kit-nell bathroom tissue with a name like Kit-nell.
It has to be soft.
I've ever seen you realize we have many cat bits in the ear thing.
Like this one.
Oh yeah, it's like this.
I woke up this morning.
Oh yeah.
Well, that's always a good sign when you say
I woke up this morning.
That's always a good start.
Okay, let's take a few calls here about 4,500.
Maybe add 4,500.
Well by the time we get to this list it's going to take you
at least an hour to keep you off the street this weekend
to what Peru's through there.
This is a very scientific.
This is the important one.
That's why I'm going to leave it on all weekend long.
Because the first time we did this we had 17...
How many votes do we have?
1738.
All right.
And what we got so far here just since the end of the show is
this is the 1219.
So by Monday morning we have like what 45,500?
Easy.
Wow.
WDQIM, hello.
Not there.
Okay, there's probably the best call we're going to have today.
567-0560.
Pound 560 in the Verizon and Singular Riders find it.
I think that's amazing is that Riley, whoever he is,
the effects of the was able to make a whole, you know,
and usually we rip people like that.
You know, we didn't say one of the 10 best movies of all time.
But when you look at the list he gave,
I think all of those deserve to be on it.
I agree.
And that's why I'm most happy.
I'm going to give it the Josh and say, do it.
Good.
WDQIM, hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
I'm not about to have popped up in no power.
Is that a good place to go?
Yeah.
Okay.
WDQIM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Regarding the poll yesterday, Ronald Reagan,
what didn't he die last year?
Ronald Reagan died last year?
No chance.
Was it two years ago?
I think 2004.
Look at that Google at Josh or Georgia or somebody.
And then I'll remember.
I heard you talking about it.
There is no chance that it was last year that he died.
Because if he would have died, wouldn't he have been on every list that I looked up?
Huh.
Yeah.
I was at a movie star or politician.
In the form of the two years, yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, foe.
Oh, foe.
What I just say, 2004, a year later.
And then I'm sure.
And then you mentioned, you were talking about Al Gore a couple days ago.
Did his wife still run the PMRC?
The PMRC?
Yeah, his parents used a resource signer.
Oh, I thought it was not a word.
Oh, you mean the censoring of the group of censoring in British?
You mean the terror?
Yeah, exactly.
There's a bunch of fascists.
Typically called on the towner too.
Is there what?
There's a bunch of fascists.
No kidding.
I mean, it's all about...
No kidding.
All about Howard Dean in the next election.
There you go.
Howard Dean, baby.
Now we're talking about that.
That's it.
Howard Dean.
He'd be the man.
Oh, for us.
Thousands of Americans are victims every year.
Themes stop at nothing to take your car.
Until now.
Introducing the newest in auto-thoub production, the Howard Dean Car alarm.
Hey, man.
Look, a Porsche.
He need a car alarm.
When installed, the Howard Dean Car alarm, with the chair the most crappy, would be Themes.
The Howard Dean Car alarm.
Now available in select states.
Now Carolina and Oklahoma.
And coming soon to the rest of America.
None of the money generated by the sales of the Howard Dean Car alarm benefit the Howard Dean for President's campaign call.
Somebody says the constant gardener, which is a recent, very recent, current constant gardener.
Right.
Heard good things about it, but haven't seen it.
Right.
So let's get that on there.
And they also, uh, Shaw Shank, Redemption, and American History, and since you tell me how good that is, how come it's not on the list?
It isn't?
American History reacts.
I don't believe so did I read it.
You're supposed to be using, huh?
I'll do it.
I'm positive I did not read it.
I would have known.
I'd have noted if I had done it.
What have I done?
We will put them on there.
American History reacts, Shaw Shank, Redemption, and constant gardener.
That's E-N-E-R.
Gardener.
Like high gardener.
I sure hope not.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6
6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6
so this can be like 80,000, is making difference, that is correct. It's like you just
go on a coffee paste, an infinite roll of toilet paper. Yeah, and you just keep rolling
like an endless roll of toilet paper. Wouldn't that be sweet? It depends on what kind
of course. Sharmin? People would be like 5-6-7, I beg your pardon. People would never
get to the stories though. The things are reported about 10-15 this morning. Oh, brother,
what a joke what a joke hey they didn't upload okay i did it in up low but
what's the point what's you know what i'll be like say it like my sit down
in this morning and you can't hear anything i never open the mic you know
well uh... you're there they're not my bad i i did it i was here you just never
opened a pot baby you can't smoke unless you open it okay
jesus cake christ
man anybody believes that i do a swabi got more than six listeners is
gotta be a lunatic if you people pay you also think they can take care of
josh's raise easy just don't pay our return for this book i should go with
a boycott i tell them to shove it i agree to stick it that's right take that
money and give it to josh give a little maybe ten percent of your just for
some pot money
it i mean what kind of crap is that nobody is returning any mail nobody's
getting any mail and like oh well i can see i guarantee every radio station and
the tv stations lost a fortune in revenue during the hurricanes because we
read how many people advertising back then
where most of the businesses were even open
right right
most of the was like wall-to-wall nonstop uh... don't go here don't go there uh...
don't stand on the tree and uh... whatever
for days and days on end so i can't arbitrate a little bit of a hit too i
stick it you people up there in beltsa just make it up okay
let's see we got any five holy ores over here we got the seventy two chocolate
folks over here
get out of here
and of course in the trailer park they must also miss the trailer parks and
of course there nobody trailer parks was getting any mail had they were all
like blown away that's why kids didn't have any number
kids fell off the face of the earth
if i do belt on this
that's what you told very jackass when
what you call them up
and you know i've heard you said okay
w.a.m. hello
yes you're a registered speaking
welcome
uh... let's go
uh... thank you
uh... just wanted to tell you that
when you're a lawyer this is a book
better
you know i can't
uh...
what is that
at the start
or you do
yes
well i can't comment on that but i can say
what do we love you
yes i know that i'm a very nervous to start over
very i propose a true
god bless you sir thank you so much
thank you
okay there's a net good news
we're going to send a professional masseur over all
and we love that we're going to send about that with a million dollars in
it well if we had it
i sure would
i said i'm a rubber to talk
is we need we need a lawyer audience just like this business with i would be
in a damn new stuff under her in the hurricane is locked out
that crap right wing garbage they have on here
lots of that i would have killed poppin fatso hit the friday
and then that the rush wannabe as follows in that that time for reject
yeah blahblown was all about that guy
that's smithmeister what a joke he is
rush wannabe
he goes
that's not that i like a little lower register
anyway i'm going to be disarticle when we come back
paul craig robberts political machines
always a bad machine man was the two thousand four election fixed he wants to
know i think the answer probably
it's
this is
the new
ranger
my
guy
is five sixty
two
eight
you call that a consultant
from a claim doctor that are a filmmaker George w bush comes up
ill about the real like a more and the real reason behind his invasion
a convenience store snack
like a more is a weapon of mass destruction
when it comes to dang dogs and funny bones
barren heights seven eleven
exposing the man who is becoming the most heated figure in the air of world
i was just a kid's play with the
just a man
standing like a little more than that
and devoured everything
from Washington to the middle east
and every place in between that sells slim gins and condy cars
you'll find a fat man with a bad beard and baseball cap held bent on controlling it all
here one star with two
is
a
like a board is
on the
head of it
there in height seven eleven
excuse me
congressman
what we're
we're
we're
we're
we're
we're
we're
we're
scurper
has
keeping
all commercial
is on a rise at the highest level of our governor to pick up
Some have been allowed to Stanley University Transport the mother's family.
The middle of the world, corporations, and the size of the whole of the town,
they figure out how much money could be made.
The worst step for oil stocks flowing, it's going to be a lot of money.
Whatever it costs, the government would be.
It's going to be a good business, a good strategy for the state of coal.
Congressman, I'm getting members of Congress, the leaderships, and Mr. and the Army,
and I'd go over to Iraq.
The USA Patriot Act allows researchers of medical and financial records.
It gives law enforcement almost something limited power.
It waits till the middle of the night, it's bridging the middle of the night,
how the Congress has the Patriot Act without even leaving it.
It's going to be a good thing.
We don't read most of the bills.
No one reads.
Members of Congress, this is climate war.
We'd like to read to the USA Patriot Act.
Let the evil soul burst.
From the core, it was its core.
Ardifference?
Ardifference?
You the streets of small town America.
You the front line.
It's a good thing.
It's a good thing.
It's a good thing to cry out the haves.
And the haves more.
Some people call you the elite.
I call you my base.
It comes with true stories that will make your temperature rise.
I call upon all nations to do everything they can to stop these terrorist killers.
Thank you.
Now let's describe.
Be afraid.
Be very afraid.
That having been said,
Paul Craig Roberts writes in counter punch,
as coincidence would have it,
Mark Christian Miller's new book, Fooled Again.
Documenting the Republican theft of the 2004 presidential election,
arrived in the same mail delivery with the January prof edition of the
Diffuni Express Herald,
the locally owned weekly newspaper in Florida Panhandle County Seat.
There have been a Diffuni Express in the past,
and it brings,
not that I can remember.
Oh, don't.
The Florida Panhandle is thorough going Republican,
even Democrats run as Republicans.
Nevertheless,
the newspaper's editor Ron Kelly believes that American political life is
measured by something larger than party affiliation,
in his editorial,
The Shepherds and the sheep.
Kelly reports that two Florida counties have banned any further use of
viable voting machines,
not good machines,
but after witnessing a professional demonstration that the machines,
contrary to that,
all of the breeder's claims are easily hacked to record votes differently
from the way in which they're cast by voters.
The pre-election statement by Diabolist CEO
that he worked at a liberty election to bush was apparently no idle boast.
In five states with a new,
foolproof, electronic voting machines were used,
the vote telly's differed substantially from the exit polls.
Such a disparity is unusual.
The chances of exit polls in five states being wrong are no more than one in a million.
No describes considerably more election fraud than voting machines programed
program to count a proportion of carry votes as bush votes, votes were just in franchise
in a number of ways.
Miller reports incidents of intimidation of and reduced voting opportunities for poorer
voters who tend to vote Democratic.
Some of Miller's evidence is circumstantial.
However, he documents widespread Republican dirty tricks and foul play.
The media's indifference to a stolen election burns Miller as much as the stolen election
itself.
Miller is not alone in his concerns.
The nonpartisan U.S. government accountability office, the GAO, and response to congressional
request investigated a number of complaints regarding electronic voting machines.
Here are some of the problems that were done in the GAO's September 2005 report.
Some voting machines did not encrypt cash ballots or system audit logs, and it was possible
to alter both without being detected.
It was possible to alter the machine so that a ballot cash for one candidate would be
recorded for another.
Vendors installed uncertified versions of voting systems software at the local level.
Access was easily compromised and did not require widespread conspiracy, a small handful of
people as sufficient to steal an election.
Curiously, the media shown no interest in the GAO report, in my opinion a free press has
proven to be inconsistent with the recently permitted highly concentrated corporate ownership
of the U.S. media.
The electronic voting machines leave virtually no paper trail, and their use involves private
potentially partisan corporations tabulating the votes with proprietary software that is
not transparent.
A number of counties in various states have decided to return to paper ballots that can be
verified and recounted, but now that Republicans have learned that they can use the electronic
machines to control election outcomes, the disenfranchisement of Democrats is likely to be
a permanent feature of American so-called democracy.
Other reports claim that the undersampling by pollsters and Democratic voters creates
a percentage bias that exaggerates the number of Republican voters by as much as 5%
thus providing cover for vote fraud.
If hard to reach Democratic voters such as the working poor are less likely to answer
telephones, polls can create the illusion that there are more Republican voters that
in fact exist.
If the electronic voting machines are then registered 5% or 6% of the votes of Republican candidates,
the result is not about to be expected result and can be used as evidence to counter
the divergence between exit polls and the vote tally.
The outcome of the 2004 presidential election has always struck me a strange.
Although Kerry was a poor candidate and evaded the issue most on the public's mind, by
November of 2004, a majority of Americans were worried that Bush had left the country
in the way gratuitous were on the basis either of incompetence or deception.
By November of 2004 was completely clear that Saddam Hussein had no weapons of mass destruction
and that Bush had rushed to war.
People were concerned by the changing rationales that Bush was offering for going to war.
Moreover, however, the needless war was going badly and the results for no relationship
to the rosy scenario painted at the time of the invasion.
It seems contrary to American common sense for voters to have reelected a present who
had failed in such a dramatic way.
Miller directs our attention to Bush's high-handed treatment of the centers.
If electronic voting machines programed by private Republican firms remain in our future,
the Senate will become pointless unless it boils over into revolution.
Power-mad Republicans need to consider the result when democracy loses its legitimacy
and only the rich have anything to lose.
How do you like that, huh?
Another fixed election, eh?
Nobody cares.
That's the best part.
Nobody cares.
Another Democrat screaming, bloody murder about it.
The Al Gore-Wish party, if we talk about yesterday, to the plea by the Black Caucus
and Congress absolutely positively not.
They rolled over and played dead.
Spreadman say cheese.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you got another story late, a little later, I wonder, I want to do
too many bedtime stories.
We're going to talk about cancer.
Oh yeah.
The U.S. obtained Internet user search records, Yahoo and others reveal queries, queries,
you fail.
From millions of people, Google defuses.
Identities aren't included but the data trove stirs privacy fears.
Here we go again, man.
Here I'm on gearing and Rudolph Hess and Joseph Geurbals and George Gov.
They'll be proud, baby.
Make no mistake about it.
How do you like that?
I don't know.
They're reading your mail.
They're listening to your phone calls.
They're like, got their nose into your, everything you're doing, man.
Everything you're thinking, the bread, the thought police are coming next to the word police.
We say crap.
Joyce has an nervous breakdown.
We get $580 billion.
They come and take away George and his second born.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I think we lost a canary.
This is me, right?
This is 5, 6, 2, 8, 10.
America loves to watch boobs and butts and boating.
I love rap.
I love rap.
I thought Christie and he was very damn.
Absolutely.
I love rap.
I love rap.
I love rap.
I love rap.
I love rap.
I love rap.
I love rap.
I love rap.
Across whatever I do, it will forgive me.
Cause now I speak insult.
But that makes me a believer.
Cow seeking, trouble.
G sempre,ble, feck, bpp.
We wait 5, 2hm.
How you doing?
We need maybe we need the QA of audience to come up with a herkulean month in a January
You know it and in February and in March whenever
Thought about him saying what he said we do rally the loyal troops around after this disastrous
Wilma book that's all the why we'll start a campaign start a campaign
Don't just like the right we use the only ten times more loyal 24 or seven man. We want that radio on even if you're asleep
That's right. Right put on them headphones put on at stick your iPod in it
Sticker right in there back home. Oh well. He's stick the shoe in there
Wouldn't that be something if you listen to it in there man talk about good vibrations
I wonder how the signal would be on the inside. You know they got those players that are so small though. That's exactly what I'm saying just just insert
Anyway, that's what we need we need a juggernaut for Joe Bell for no other reason of course for my 30th anniversary
Come up on March 1
Bursing if we had like another crappy a couple of trends here
That would be bad because you do realize that this December things gonna be hanging over our heads for a couple of months now
I don't before finally disappears
Seriously if this company had any balls the bees need to be on a phone right now with Bell spill mirrolin
They would tell arbitrage you call this a rating book you call this research take it and shove it right in there with your iPod man
But you're crap an audio swive I might ask
God almighty. I heard it was pretty slow there. It is swell
Swollen
US obtain internet user search records that might get people nervous and other like that
Federal investigators have obtained potentially billions of internet search requests made by users of major websites run by Yahoo
Microsoft and America online ink raising concerns about how the massive data trove will be used
This information turned over to Justin to Barbara lawyers reveals a week's worth of online queries from millions of Americans the internet age
Equivalent of eavesdropping on their inner monologues. These subpoena data could for example include how many times people searched online for apple
Pirespies movie tickets 9 0 0 1 2 or even bomb instructions
The internet company said yes that any information did not violate their uses privacy because the data did not include names of
Computer addresses that is closed here nonetheless
However, alarm civil liberties advocates who fear that government could seek more detail information later on
Adjusted department spokesman said the government was not interested in the favoriting of names only in search trends as part of an effort to
Regregulate online pornography right you look at any boobies online there or many any dingolings man
You better watch it because they're gonna be knocking on your door about 2 30 in the morning and dragging your old nasty perverted ass right out the dough
with mo
But the search engines subpoenas came of a broader concerns over how much information the government collecting how the data are used
Congress is debating an extension of the Patriot Act
Oh my god, which dramatically expanded the government's ability to obtain private data and
Congressional hearings are expected soon on the legality of a national security agency program
Program to track the medications by US citizens without prior court approval privacy advocates have the chance to pursue such queries
Peru such queries provided an unprecedented glimpse into people's private thoughts and habits the thought police are coming
Baby the word police the seatbelt police you've got it the Jay walk in police
The nose pick and police
Virtually unknown a decade ago search engines rapidly become an integral part of daily life
Search engines maintain a massive database that reaches into the most intimate details of your life
What you search for what you read where you stick it?
What worries you what you enjoy?
It occurred off-sol a state attorney at the electronic frontier foundation
But you want to join up? Oh, yeah, it's critical to protect the privacy of this information
So people feel free to use modern tools to find information without the fear of big brothers looking over their shoulder
That's right audio preverts out there all your people are reading like really subversive things like Neil Rogers calm
All those bedtime stories are the judge puts on the web feels like it when you remember still when you remember it's to a
Smack it
The easy thing the life this week only when Google ain't the most used internet search engine thought it's a peanut
AOL Microsoft and Yahoo also advanced a peanut government lawyers filed a briefing with us this recording San Jose
Seeking the force to rule to comply
Google's refusal was first reported by the San Jose Mercury News
I like the most I'm actually I'm a good partner. I like Google more and more every day
And did that say I hate Yahoo like poison. They should only croak
I like it anymore and where we know that we hate AOL Microsoft that Google out saying
Under a section of the paper that they expanded uses so-called national security letters
Company such as Google can be as to turn over potential useful data even about people aren't suspected of wrongdoing while being
Vart from disclosing those requests, but no previous cases known with Valsinger wide range of data
Their demand for information overreaches and a call one Google's associate general counsel
We had lengthy discussions with them to try to resolve this but we're not able to and we intend to resist their motion
vigorously it puts the motion in a casket which is what I had to do with this one stick that motion in a casket kill it
It just gets worse and worse wiretapping eavesdropping if this ain't not to be Germany part two baby
And who is the first one talking about this years ago, huh before the first door election all that Neil man
He really exaggerates can you imagine him calling Bush and Osteen he's a Republican? Yeah right right
Here I'm gearing with blush that big fat ass
By the way, how's Rudolph has to and he's still so much offensive gas. Thank you again
Mr. President for those low gas prices. I forgot it. We keep forgetting about that. What a job. He doing a heck of a job, W
172 votes on the pool and I hear the list
Wow take a breath. I'm only reading double duties if you think I'll tell you maybe maybe it's a very ass-in to the show
I was last 45 minutes
Well, we got to like get them all prepped for the weekend so they figured like you know
They can analyze this. This is extremely scientific and they go down in the angles of history. There's always movie pools
What's the best movie of all time not one of the 40 best movies like somebody's faxes although that one was good
I mean what they were they can accept the right. Yeah, I mean when you start out with me
Manto and don't forget about the Easter eggs
What no seriously how many people do you think we know about Easter eggs?
I still think is awfully stupid. You know it's very childish and idiotic and immature
You know 70s. No listen if I'm gonna fork out money for a DVD
Why does it have to be like an inside secret that I can actually find other other scenes and and different than anybody else if I know how to do the Easter
And then you got to like do a search on that Google it of course do a search on Easter eggs and then you find out for the various movies
It's a whole different each one's got a different key to open it up
So you can actually watch Manto in from beginning to end in chronological order as opposed to the beginning
Which is the way the movie shows and you still forget what it's all about at the end. I know he does
What else is named guy Madison guy
Pierce right very good. What right? I could like have like I'm some kind of an old fart
With Alzheimer's right. Yeah, hey listen if I could remember Marty Perine or the left-handed boy from Syracuse New York
Do you know how many years ago that show was on TV and Rochester man? I mean or in Syracuse who the hell knows
Cuse what's your excuse?
I'll see who we talking about the other day Henry Gibson's
You remember that for like a whole day 24 freaking hours man
My mind is as sharp as a muscle ball. I wrote it down in my head. I'm not gonna forget it either Henry Gibson
Right now the word association all I got to do is think about you think of Thurman Gibson even though you know nothing about baseball
I'll think of Thurman Gibson the borer
I got my little word association and we'll think of just King Henry V8
It looks like a little monkey which is a given so I'm thinking of him as Henry you were given Henry given
I look like a little monkey. What do you think? He's a little guy with a monkey like a little
He's on here. It's interesting so the ones that have no votes like well, I don't know
If Dracula still has no votes, I'm leaving
Let me take a look. I just huh?
There's no votes. Bye
How's that possible first of all it's a hundred years old Todd Browning yeah
That's a hundred years old. I don't think most people saw the original and we're been sloan
Well, they bet that Josh didn't see anything. No, what we're talking about
I don't know what you're talking about in white
I don't know. Look, it's very camp. Okay. It's very campy when you watch it now. It's
It's not scary, but it's just
It's mesmerizing isn't it? It's good fun. He'll sing it. No, go on stoker's Dracula, but it'll be weird
I beg your pardon the brawn stoker's Dracula was very good. I'll take your word for it all right
It's like saying that Charlotte Coleman was over there with somebody else besides an Nigel bathbone and razzle Bruce
Our Godfather 239 there's nobody close to the Godfather. Maybe they're kicking serious big fat smelly old Italian ass
Citiliano
Do you realize that the city in pizza's got no cheese on it? You do know that I do know
Maybe assistant answers, but that's the city in wheat. What's the point? What do you mean? It's got tomato sauce
It's got a regano. It's got like herbs and all these things and that's it. They're not have cheese
It's not like that. It's Isaac. It's sick. That's why I like to sit in pizza
I'm an American it makes a city in style. They call but it's got cheese on it. It's not real citrino
I expect if you go to Palermo and ask him for that kind of stuff. So you crap away fast
The Godfather 239 I do want to make it to a citrino just this way and kind of wander through the hills of Corleone
You know that's right just to say you've been there maybe we'll run into Apollonia's daddy there in the tavern see if you can have an orange
Apollonia
The Godfather 239 cast a blank as 63. I mean not even close
Cuckoo's nest 45 Godfather part two 44. I'm so glad we separated those nice go on Eric or whoever did it Star Wars 43
I think I didn't Lord of the Rings 38 now those should have been separated. How many are there three three?
Most of why did we make it is one movie?
It really is
It really I don't want to hear about it. Not for me. John's 33. John's oh come on. John's my ass
Well, this is the jaws of life big jaws the jaws of death. I just here in 911 33
Caddy Shack 32 blazing sandals 32 Dr. Strange Glove 32
That's a dick Stewart of the pirates
Money Python a holy grail 25 animal house 23 pump fiction 20. Oh boy apocalypse now 19 good follows 19. It's a wonderful life 17
Raspberry Braveheart 18 network only 15 very sad clockwork orange 15 Lawrence of Arabia 15
Train spotting 14
Networks got 15 and train spotting is got 14 if that doesn't anywhere the brains of this audience is in the toilet
To go a mocking bird versus a lot of room left in there
Where am I honest?
Kill a mocking bird for 13 young Frankenstein 12. That was a hoot airplane 12 the funniest movie of all time
We've been to early 12 Friday 11. I'll take your word that the bat in the ugly has 12
Right all right, well, there's not a lot of ugly people out there China time 11 and everybody else a single digit
Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M
Now you can't take my phone around
That means not sure
What
Maybe really my life I can't take it. I
Oh
Just all time
I've had enough for you, get a guy.
Not you just as though like, I, I, I, you best it's true,
it's not dead and dead, I know.
I'm gonna stay home, I'll wait for me.
I'll hand my keeps back in, for in a car that I drove on cow.
I go to my orifice and bleed out my guess,
that is if I only had an orifice or a guess,
I'll slap up to both cut hold up all of my sit watch the shoppers from a bank.
That's true.
I wonder if waiting for her help this way,
when he got kind of down for a day,
I can't wait, you can't wait, you can't wait.
You're gonna go, go, go, go.
You're gonna go, go, go, go, go.
I'm here to help you, sport, hold, we're in a state of rest of me.
Boy, I just raised a tear to my, uh, brown eye.
You know what? Is that work?
I do have brown eyes.
203 and 560 WQM, happy Friday to you, man.
We got Curtis and Troy, two to four in the most spot.
You ever have a most spot?
It's kind of like a brown, uh, age spot, just this morning.
Mad Dog at Hooters in the park.
And let me ask you this, what can Brown do for you?
Jim Manditz, the Mad Dog at Hooters in the Pines 4 to 7.
The beast 7 to 10, and I apologize in advance, and then any K-10.
And then after that, on a weekend, we got some stuff that's meant,
even Hitler would be embarrassed by.
Like Lenny Martez.
A lot of Lenny Martez this weekend.
A whole lot. He must work really cheap, you know what?
Josh says, he'll be glad to do those shows instead of Lenny.
Well, that's right, there's a sports show there for you.
You don't want to be like a sports nerd.
If I get that rave, maybe.
What? He can nerd it.
He'll be fine with it.
He'll be fine with it.
What's all his parents' babbling about?
You know, something, if you let him in there again to aggravate me for 35 minutes,
I'm just going to get up and go in the other room and take a nap.
And if I don't wake up till noon too bad.
I mean, that was just ridiculous.
I have like half an hour and a morning to play little games with him.
And maybe a bit of how cute he is now, clever.
You're an idiot, Claire.
Well, you know a lot of radio.
I could put in a symbol and have room for fat boy leftover.
You jackass.
Not a bad guy, but I mean, he's so underqualified and so over.
He's like drowning, man.
He's like a baseball in the Atlantic Ocean with a brick tied around it.
Drowning.
And we're going down with him, man.
Can you smile it?
Can you feel it?
Maybe you're going down.
It was supposed to be a movie speaking of that.
What a segue.
Wow.
It was supposed to be a movie kids could watch.
But no pair of wathers, childishly,
what showed up on the screen.
This is in St. Petersburg, by the way,
and Panas County, man.
An adult film featuring two family-friendly Florida attractions.
News partner NBC6 reported on Friday today.
It's a matter of fact only, moments ago.
The movie includes a famous ship.
It has pirates, and it has the kind of action that's raising more than just a few eyebrows,
along Florida's West Coast.
The HMS Bounty, the St. Petersburg landmark served as the set for the Walt Disney blockbuster,
Pirates of the Caribbean, opposite Caribbean.
The ship is a historic replica of the original bounty, and was used,
by the way, it's a quicker, picker-upper.
And was used as the centerpiece of the blockbuster movie, Mute and the Honor Counter,
in the early 60s, bounty.
It's also the location that segments of the ex-rated knockoff pirates were shot.
You won't hear the bounty crew bragging and tourists about the filming of the flick.
St. Peter's Bergmayer Rick Baker won't discuss it,
even though the city rendered the peer in the adult film production company.
It was misrepresented to a said peer marketing manager, Susan Robertson.
She's probably kind of like, what's your name, Joyce?
Or Pat Robertson.
Or Pat Robertson could be, in fact, I say, let's take them all out for a nice dinner at Bernstake House.
Robertson said the city was tricked, or maybe just to drive through it,
Crystal would be good.
Just take Crystal and drive a ride through there.
Robertson said the city was tricked and pointed to a letter from the production company
that stated was working on a PG-13 presentation.
I didn't find out it was a portal flick until last week, Robertson said,
right, even though the sex scenes were shot in California,
the city got wind that the Paris production might be a pornographic presentation months ago.
Hear that?
I heard that wind of it.
They smelt it.
In June, the city asked the film company not to use the words,
the peer, Sidious St. Petersburg, and HMS Valde in the movie,
which happens to be a blockbuster in the adult entertainment world.
Do you ever hear that?
Nope.
Not yet, but I guess we better go out and get that pirates.
I wonder who's got the sharpest sword?
Despite the movie's popularity, it's a piece of the Valde's history,
some insane producer, very would prefer to forget.
I wouldn't want to be connected to the porn or industry with a local attraction like this,
where as an impeter, Merton said, like your mama, Peter, okay?
And what kind of a name is that?
Probably uptight about his name.
That does not go into our family-friendly marketing plan in Amosio Robertson said,
well, Pasha, somebody would say.
St. Petersburg officials are now promising to be more vigilant
when accepting film deals.
See how I dropped the things in for a book for a chicken egg book, a brand?
Now they know blah, blah, blah, is listening online every day.
I'll drop in like an occasional Pasha or something like that, right?
I didn't know he was dead.
Or a big fat.
Yeah, there you go.
Anyway, the director of Pirates said the film cost more than a million bucks
to create and say the sex scenes were added so the company could sell more videos.
Well, there you go.
That's where I went a few sex scenes with Johnny Depp, right?
He's a swashbuckler.
So now let's see.
Did you see you told me you did not see the movie, the secret window?
No, I did not.
Well, am I going to have to send that to you too for a crack?
See, I know you're a scam that you've got going.
I sent you a one or two of them.
That's right.
And I sent you two moe, which you haven't even got yet.
Get the catalog.
And yeah.
Oh, yeah, good.
Because a couple people told me that it was not so secret window.
Right.
I could spoil the ending for you.
No, don't.
Maybe you want to waste your time.
Why?
By the way, somebody facts that I won't waste your facts paper because you're getting some hourly sense here.
Oh, yeah.
As we speak, but gone with the wind.
How could we not go on with the wind?
Gone with the wind isn't on there.
It is now.
You must remember this.
Our kiss is just gone with the wind.
Well, I don't give it in, frankly, but that's got to be on it.
Sure.
But we're kind of a list business anyway.
Week.
And 12.
Well, we did it the first time wrong.
Let's do it right this time.
And then the other day we can do it for real.
Because you know what they say in Louisiana,
fool me once in the shame on the rain, Agen.
Fool me twice, shame on Mary Landro.
Can't get fooled again.
You know, that clip there at the end of Fahrenheit and I'm learning where he's making it a BD speech.
And he stops like in the middle of it because he's trying to figure out how it really goes.
You know, we got an old saying in Texas.
I'm sure it's in Tennessee too.
Fool me once.
Shame on.
Shame.
Fool me.
You can't get fooled again.
And then but there's a long, long deliberate pause there.
And his eyes are like rolling around like a pinball machine.
Yeah, can't get fooled again.
He'll heal.
Yeah.
I mean, this man is so dumb and dangerous, man.
It's the old double D routine.
He is dumb and dangerous.
And some of you people out there still defending it, although 39% and approval rating from Hill.
Oh, these are our leads.
How the hell do we get these?
Well, I turned to that clearance was made on top of it, isn't it?
Well, what does this mean?
What are these four?
What do this mean?
I don't know.
I just took out a piece of the insurance.
I'm not going to give you five to seven AM.
This is men 2554.
Our rights for its fans.
Again, in these numbers again, hot 105 8.9, hot 105 My Ass, IOD 666.
This is in the, what they part 507 in the morning when rock solid had on.
I mean him radio on more 636 HDJ EDR.
And how are we?
This is for the whole book.
I take it.
The fall book.
Is this correct?
Yes.
QAM is like number 85 with a 2.8.
That's Orlando Big.
Oh, wow.
I wouldn't put him in there to the full.
Now with a number like that.
I mean, he's great.
I-N-Z27, what I would be having?
A66.
Yeah, what I'd say they hurry came in.
Waxi, a 1.6.
So he's spanked a man.
Don't blame it on a big Orlando smacks Waxi between 5 and 7.
That's what he smacks Waxi.
Oh, look at all these numbers coming in.
Now this is fun.
What else we got?
7 to 10 AM.
That's the Humphur.
The Humphur against Yoros.
W-X-D-J, your mama.
No change.
Your mama's seat.
No chance.
X-D-J, get out of here.
That's no speaking of a musical or whatever they play.
7.5 years in midday.
10...
Oh, that's in morning.
7 to 10.
Now we got 10 to 2 on here.
Look at that.
We didn't make it.
We're number 3.
So we get the very minor spoils.
Aren't you depressed?
A bummed.
Boy, I was...
I had that all planned out.
I was going to like get my roof all fixed up.
By two tenths of a point, we're number 3 behind the CMQ FM.
There's that ethnic thing in it.
And of course, IOD 7.5 with the Rilma.
They should only rot.
7 to 10 in the morning.
Let's see.
IOD 5.2.
The number 5 behind X-D-J.
We have big radio on more hot audio ethnic, man.
All the ethnic's all the time.
And right after IOD a CMQ, EDR.
Where the hell is us?
A Waxi 2.5 QAM 2.5.
Dead flat footed tie.
How come we got two full on the other thing there the other day?
Must have been rounding a rounding thing.
Are they rounding it?
Oh, that's right.
That's 6 to 10 AM.
So Joe Rosen, a Humper, are like...
Even a man put him up against each other face to face right to the wall.
That is outstanding.
Midday, like I said, 10 to 2, 7.5, IOD.
CMQ FM 5.8.
We got a 5.6.
We're third.
We're number three, dammit.
We're disgusted by it.
Damn it.
EDR.
5.2.
Love 94.5.2.
Well, at least we got a little something, something though anyway, right?
The minor and the entrance.
5.2.
Afternoons.
2 to 4.
IOD 8.5.
Wow, wow, wow.
That's of course a Russian, a Russian junior.
How did Moldo in here?
INZ.
37.
That's a Skirra American.
It was someone casting IOD during the Hurricane.
Where it housed Waxi.
Where's Waxi at 2.3?
QAMA 2.3.
Oh, wow.
Moldo has got to go.
Oh, I already did.
2.0, my ass.
Oh, man.
That is really, on the heels of what we had a 5.6.
And he's got a 2.2.
Talk about not keeping the lead in, man.
Talk about really just blowing chunks.
We'll get to the rest of that momentarily.
Well, we are not.
Then we'll read the whole list of those names on the day.
And we'll be listening.
And then by the end of the day, we'll be talking about a 0.5.
12.13 at QAMA.
Happy New Year from our friends at Armstrong Ford,
a home state.
2005 was a great year.
And thousands of new customers took advantage of the meal deal and bought
their great new Ford at Armstrong Ford.
A lot of people shop there.
It's easy.
Because Armstrong Ford guarantee you a great price, great service after the sale
and that personal touch that comes from a local family-owned dealership.
Pick up the phone now and call a General Manager David Rich at 305-247-5112.
And don't forget, like I've been telling you for a very, very long time,
nobody else dreams about doing this for you.
When you buy a new Ford at Armstrong Ford, a home state you also get
the exclusive tires and batteries for life program.
That's absolutely correct.
When you buy an Armstrong Ford, you get free tires and batteries for life of your car.
Could save you a thousand dollars right there.
David Rich and the staff will guarantee you won't fight a better press in any place in town.
And being locally owned and not pretty, you know, they're going to treat you great.
Just like family, because they want to make you a lifelong customer.
No bait and switch.
No playing and touching around with your keys, your credit cards, no phoney sales.
So start off the new year right with a new Ford from our good friend David Rich
and the staff at Armstrong Ford of Homestead and you'll find them at 307-25.
South Fixie Highway, just 20 EC minutes south of the 836.
Check them on the way of ArmstrongCars.com.
Drive a few miles extra to save thousands at Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.8.
3.
W-I-O-D.
Oh, I hate that station.
Make it feel like it's only me.
Will he advance?
Or are hard right when stars?
Absolutely.
Will he know all the pushes right at times?
Yes.
Will he come back?
Will citizens find him?
Uh-huh.
And will he end all of we?
One's eyes.
Yes.
And will he?
All of a time a portion of our friends?
Uh-huh.
Will he laugh?
At those tricks search the key?
Absolutely.
And if we get tied,
Or a little drunk,
Will he make us rot in jail for life?
Should we like a little baby?
Oh my god.
Miracles save you from...
Bush will stand by him forever.
But will he move away?
Are we a little weak?
My right directed.
Yes.
From 19 to 560, I just got a bullet in here.
Read across the show.
They're going to drop that business about the guy that disappeared on the cruise ship.
The rest of the January, they're going to be centering it on lost kittens in the puppies.
I think it's an aborder, too.
Yes.
You know, here we are, like losing all of our rights.
We got this Nazi that's going to be on the Supreme Court.
Roe v. Wade's going to be history.
I mean, they're like opening your mail, reading your emails, sticking her nose deep into
your...
Correct.
...to everything else in your bedroom and in your earlobe.
And what are we worried about?
Some jackass that disappeared on his honeymoon on a cruise ship and some chicken rubat.
I got chopped up in the seafood.
Shark food.
You know, these hourly's are very moving into Assamte, you know what?
Whatever that means.
Did you see them?
No, I didn't.
And I'll tell you one thing.
You talk about a bonus month, December, just tossed it.
Like we're supposed to believe that like...
Let's see, meant 2554 for whole week.
That from November to December.
Well, I guess the fortunes of dolphins came in Wayne.
That's how we're supposed to believe that the ticket was 0.7 November in a 3, 4 in December.
They never had a 3, 4 in their lives.
That was a 2, 4 in October, which even that was marginal.
In 2554, they went from a 0.7 to a 3.4.
Does anybody believe that?
No.
Of course, when there's only 18 diaries come back and 15 of them are like an ethnic and
the other three are like trailer trash.
We're listening to Cross the Street as opposed to a kiss.
And I got news for a Joe Belly to happy about that.
I'm sure either.
At least you're needed to kiss and they didn't get it.
They never need to kiss and didn't get it.
Anyway, here's the hourly.
The corner.
Okay.
5 to 6 a.m.
And I don't have the hourly for waxing though.
That would have been kind of interesting.
Josh, I mean, Clarence.
Sorry, Josh.
That was a real shot comparing you to him.
I don't have the hourly for them, but I'm sure they'll be coming over any second.
This is a pretty interesting crack now, finally.
Now that we have a real program director, when it's clear and sleeve.
Q.Y.M. 5 to 6 in the morning and men 2554 are target demographic.
I want you to write these down on your arm just like in my mentor.
Okay.
Who's Lenny Leonard?
Isn't that his name, Leonard?
Right.
And the other guy's name was.
Oh, damn.
See, you can never remember that either.
Jack or no, I think it was Henry Gibson.
No, you know the guy that he was.
No, was that Lenny?
No, his name was Lenny.
Right. That's what I thought.
Guy Pierce.
Who is the other guy?
That was Joe.
Man, this is a man.
Just relax.
Jimmy, Johnny.
You know what you're going to do?
Just Google my mentor and then you can look up the characters.
5 to 6 a.m. Big O is got a 3.2.
Rock, sorry.
You're not bad.
And 6 to 7 a.m.
A 2.6.
Of course, what's the audience?
Who they go?
A D.F.O.
Oh, we got to get the Wassy Hour, Liz.
You know what?
Come on now.
Let's go, Clarence.
Let's get the Wassy Hour by hour.
I'm shocked that we got the bad news today.
And this is, he did this just to spoil our weekend.
So instead of sneaking in number two, we wanted to number three.
Teddy.
Teddy.
That's it. Very good.
Teddy.
Was Teddy Bear?
So there's the Orlando's numbers.
Now it's 7 o'clock from a 2.6.
The Humper grabs to a 2.2.
Which he'd look lovely in one of those Hawaiian skirts.
But a 2.2.
I don't think so.
Not for a match or a sports car like the Humper.
A 2.2.
Oh my goodness.
8 to 9 a.m. is his strongest hour.
And of course, it's thanks to Ira.
So, Clarence is usually with your full crap.
A 2.9.
Still very weak.
9 to 10 a.m.
Dropping back down once Ira leaves back to a 2.4.
What's Ira, like 8.3 to 9?
Josh?
Yes, I'm like that.
What do you mean something like that?
You're not glued to the Ira Windbag show?
Pretty sure.
I told you, man.
Don't mess with that Ira.
He's a squeaky kind of basketball guy.
9 to 10 to 2.4.
3.0.
Then at 10 o'clock, we got a 5.2.
At 11 o'clock, we got a 6.3.
12 o'clock, 4.9.
And then 1 o'clock back up to a 6.1.
I'd say one thing.
Those four hours right there, enough for us to get the whole bonus on.
You don't want to say?
Get fake.
Yeah.
Or at least number two bonus.
Sneak is up a couple of matches there.
Two tens of a point.
Right?
2 to 3 o'clock.
Oh.
Oh.
Huh?
We got a 6.1 share in men from 1 to 2 o'clock.
Our fourth hour every day in the 1 to 2 hour.
Okay.
That's against Russia against Skaramer.
Al Frank.
And don't forget Al Frank.
He came on 20 minutes.
Very popular.
We go from a 6.1 at 1 at 2 o'clock.
The molemeister had a 2.3 at his zester.
Absolutely.
And at 3 o'clock, this number is more like across the street kind of number.
A 1.6.
Oh my god.
How do you like that?
Totally moly.
Man, see, when you alienate the entire audience, that's what's happening.
Even if they're listening, they won't put you down.
That's a harsh moment.
I mean, we tried.
We extended the hand of friendship.
We extended the Olya Oliva.
All of a sudden, he still wouldn't have bought it.
The only thing he bit on was all that stolen pizza.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Then at 4 o'clock, Mad Dog was from a 1.6 bouncing way up there to a 5.1.
Aren't you impressed by that?
All the time.
And then at 5 o'clock, a 4.4.
So that 1.6.
Oh, that's what made the Le Bastard and Mad Dog thing a lot closer than it would be because
you think that he killed us in the 10 to 3 thing.
The 3 to 7 hour was just decimated 3 to 7 segment.
And here you were blaming the sticks.
What?
And here you were blaming the sticks.
God, I meant the sticks.
Look, let me take it again.
Look at Radio Oswave.
Okay.
I know.
You're so damn defensive.
I put it in his nose and his nose, maybe.
That's what this book was all about.
If you can't see that, then you need some serious assistance.
Starting a lot of carrots is good for your vision.
Yeah, but it turns your skin on.
Start taking some vitamin A.
Would you let me finish this without all your damn meal crap?
Go eat some fried beans.
Go eat some mushy crap.
Sorry.
Four o'clock, 5.1, 5 o'clock, 4.4.
Six o'clock, and of course he's not on that much in six because we got the pre-game
and the post game we got that Panther droppings.
Oh, 3.6.
Speaking of the Panthers, by the way, because that's primarily what we got on at night when they're playing.
Nice job, Goli.
Seven o'clock, a 1.4.
Eight o'clock, a 1.3.
Not a clock, a 1.8.
Eddie Cakes comes on and zooms up to a 3.1.
A 5.7, and 11 o'clock.
Nice going, Eddie.
Good Jewish boy.
Midnight, we got a 3.7 and 1 o'clock, and a more in 3.6.
So we are absolutely rock solid except for a few hours.
Oh, Neil and a mad dog, baby.
In the rest of it, we need a little help.
Now, if we had Hank on where he belongs between like, you know, in the afternoon.
And Greg is running around giving you a seminar on the book in Arbitron.
You broke it, baby.
We had it made in a shade.
Even a molemeister wasn't hurting us too bad.
5.8 in the morning.
Then we had Joe Rose, 8 to 10.
And we had mad dog 2 to 4 and a 1.4 to 7.
We were kicking big.
That was a year ago.
Was that last spring?
You screened before?
I don't know.
I was, I hadn't screened before, right?
Okay.
If you say so.
Well, this has been a whole year this now.
This is a deal.
The 1.4 in the morning.
1.4 in the morning.
And I have a big smile all day.
But you see what I'm saying?
So almost two years ago, the spring, we had that whole line of going.
We were, we owned the market, baby.
We owned it.
Not that this book really means all that much.
Because like I said, it's Hurricane Cranp and there are like about 16 diaries at Custon.
And we couldn't pay for it.
But nevertheless, that's what we got to live with.
And we miss out on that number two bonus.
Of course, George, his whole life is dancing before it.
I mean, it's going to cost you $1,000.
That was deeper in the top.
And Josh Kortis there.
Forget about that.
He ain't going to be able to buy you that nice new TV now.
And he was going to buy for it, George.
I wasn't holding my breath anyway.
Oh.
Or is it supposed to be the other way around?
Yeah, it's the other way around.
Oh, like I said, well, you know something.
If George weren't to lost those $80,000 if I had missed it on that number two by just too
tense of a point, that is really, that's shaky.
But I had that TV.
That is so shaken, baking.
27-member doctor, Dr. Michael DeBakey, he was all heart.
You know something?
I mean, coherent.
Just from this whole experience.
27 past noon, a QAIM.
I'll tell you one thing.
You've got to be in coherent to buy your shoes any place beside Brandy's and top of
the beach because they've got an unbeatable combination to take good care of your feet.
And it makes you look like a mens too.
Even you ladies.
Can a lady be a mens?
I don't know.
We don't have any listing anyway.
Or a comfort fit and value you buy your shoes at Brandy's shoes and believe me, it's absolutely
positively beatable all the way around.
They got all the top brands.
Rockport, Floreshime, Echo, Mephisto, SAS, New Balance.
They got sales holes, professional shoe fitters.
Who will make damn sure you get a perfect fit in unbeatable price every time.
Including Arnie.
As for Arnie, he'll make sure you get exactly what you'll be looking for on the shoes too.
And Brandy's even specialized in wide wits as well.
So Brandy's is well worth your trip from just about any place in South Florida.
For comforts, style, fit, value and selection always think Brandy's shoes and you'll find them at 1290
or Federal Highway and Pompoda Beach still going as strong as ever.
Brandy's is open daily till 9 every Sunday till 5 and this is the week to shop Brandy's shoes for great values on Rockport and Floreshime.
Take 10 to $2 off specially marked Rockport and Floreshime shoes this week.
Only this week and only at Brandy's shoes in Pompino Beach.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69 AF.
Oh, a lunso.
You're so big.
And now speaking for God, the Almighty had Roberts.
Arnold Schwarzenegger crashed his motorcycle the other day.
Because God is tired of all of those degenerate homosexuals in the state of California.
God has been furious ever since Arnold broke his weight of power.
So our Lord simply wages his almighty hands and sent the group back governor and his son.
Well, that liberal wife that bore him straight back to the gutter to which they came.
I truly believe that God will forgive Arnold's sterile, tainted soul.
The moment the governor it permits the plan, the Lord and I devise to smoke every last homosexual through a combination of violence, assassinations and significant tax deductible donations.
God, this has been speaking for God with the almighty had Roberts.
Hey, let's take him out for lunch.
You know what you got to do before you allow clearance to leave that building since I'm assuming he's the one that brought these numbers to you?
That is correct.
Before you allow him to leave, in fact, I'd stand in front of his office door there with an oozzy and don't let him cross the threshold of the door.
This is all very interesting, but he didn't give me the waxy hourlies and he didn't give me the monthly QAM numbers.
He's so obsessed with the other sports nerds station.
You know what I mean?
We'll work on that.
No, no, I don't want to work on it. I want it now. I want the QAM monthlys now and I want the hourlies from waxing out so we can compare.
You know, the same put them aside by each.
All right. I think they're going to be embarrassed because I think in December they probably kicked our ass at least to sports segments, kicked our ass.
And if I'm over there selling, you know what I say? I can make the case form right now.
And the reason I'm doing this is to kind of like put our people on their toes a little bit because November is where they fell off the earth.
They can say, hey, we were growing in October and then November we fell off the map.
They had like, they basically barely, it was like they were off the earth which they were part of November when the hurricane remember.
Right. So in November like in the midday they had a point three and then December they went to a three five.
In November they had in a two to four point five in December, two six.
See what I'm saying?
In May four to seven in November a one point.
Oh!
Almost off the end of four nine in December. That's why we don't have the QAM hourlies in the monthlies because it would be two embarrassing.
Come on, clearance, let's go. Let's see it right now. Let's see the bad news.
See he didn't have any problem. Give me the 10 to two number under to make sure we were not number two or number three.
We lost thousands and thousands and probably enough might have built a new house.
But no. Do I have the stuff that I need? The hourlies from Waxi don't want to give that to me.
Okay. Because it's two and a half.
You don't have the monthly trendy thing?
Not for us only for Waxi. Only for Waxi because that's the main sports obsession.
Sports on the same page.
I think it's important. It's on the same page.
It is not, oh it is on the same page. Like I said, is he doing a job or what?
Okay. Well let's see what we got here. It's your same to me.
And I go out and I tell you they beat us. They cleaned our clock.
Because we didn't take that big of a head in November.
We dropped off a little bit in November. But because we did such a fabulous job keeping people abreast of the hurricane and stuff going on.
Let's see.
They had a point seven in November. We had a two five.
But in December we had a three two. They had a three four overall.
Then 25 54.
That nice going Joe.
Fine. But you idiot. You loser.
You're still idiot.
In five to seven a.m.
Look at that. In November they had a point four in December of three three.
And we had two four to three three three three three.
D.Fore and the big.
Oh. Deadlock. Rock solid.
They are even Stephen.
Baby knows to knows.
Ask to ask with Jennifer Conley.
They only wish.
Let's see. What else we got?
Where is the rest of them?
Oh, 10 to two.
Well.
In December we had a six eight.
And across the street they went from a point three to a three five.
So like we were about double the audience.
But still three five. You believe it?
Dolphins.
Do we believe it? Whatever.
And see they can just say, oh look at it. We were all we were growing and growing going up to that.
And then look at what we're doing.
But in the meantime we got a six eight December baby after just a three one in November because of the hurricane.
So if you take out our November month I think we made number one.
You know what I'm saying?
Right.
Oh.
But we still don't have the hourlies for waxies.
So we can give you a solid dance about it. It's on another page.
I don't have a period.
We want it now.
He's working on that.
Not four weeks from the so he had values.
That's what I heard a lot.
Especially since the book came out.
And look at this two to four p.m.
Thank God they old food is gone man.
Holy moly was he killing us.
Waxie in December they went from a point five to ever to a two point six which is no big red.
And now isn't that the one said the kid on who what when's he on?
How does he on?
Huh?
Josh is he on with the juicer is he on like or the book is on in there right?
Yeah the boosters are mostly in the bastard.
But I'm back to back.
I've been here a lot of things about them.
December two six and we had oh in November we had a one one and there's something to be said for consistency.
In December a one point one share on this radio station following our six point eight and this man gets a one point one.
Do you know what they came to go away just go away okay.
What do you say?
Absolutely.
Okay. Good.
Good.
Golly miss molly one more over the edge.
And I must be my fault.
Hanks fault.
Mad dogs fault must be everybody must be supported.
Curtis's fault that's right.
If we just promoted him a little more.
Now let's see four to seven p.m.
I told you that.
Waxie from a one point in November to a four nine in December and that's because your people like Daniela Baxter.
He said the Cubans went the world series and not not the Marlins the Cubans.
It was Cubans.
Let me say for agrees by the way.
Four nine to a two six.
Holy Toledo man is Rick Weber would say holy Toledo.
So we're okay.
How are we doing?
We still live?
Yes.
It's fine.
On this end of two.
Oh boy.
We're going to lose that.
We did find an October in November was the hurricane.
We had a seven four in October of 16 December.
We're kicking some big bloody ass.
Okay.
We got dragged down by the hurricane and where's those hourlies from Waxie so I can finish that and quit reading all these stupid boring numbers here.
Then when I'm finished with this I'll read the list of all the movies on the thing that we're going to go home.
Boy if anybody knows how to butcher four hours man this old bastard sure knows how to do it.
This old queen you fairy.
How many QA and hello?
QA and?
Who did know?
It's time to promising.
You can always tell me for the same thing.
By the way they're like twisting the cord and the sound of their.
Correct them.
Yeah.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
The best movie of all time we got about 45,000 people to choose from and I'm sure there must be one or two others and if not too bad.
I'm just killing a little time here until I get that I'm sure must be coming over the machine right now and it.
Nope.
He didn't bring it in yet.
No.
How long?
Who did Moe to bring the numbers in it was it Duff or was it clearance? Who did Moe?
Well I'm going to tell you the Moe man.
He just two three and a one six and in December a one point one share with no hair.
What that's kind of like a spare and bear in it.
Yeah, an embarrassing with pair and other fruits.
You fair that is really lame.
So you went out like an ablaze of this grace and just leave us alone.
And then our message to the Moe master.
Okay, but of course we'll make sure that his name reels on.
This and these backpacks.
Roger this is 5.16.
Two.
A time.
Hey, it's Alan.
Alan David.
Welcome back to the Moe Howard David show where we're juke full of zany but good clean family.
What?
I'm here and you're dead.
I didn't die that phrase.
You know that bite smoking things rape is funny.
Is that funny?
What?
What?
What?
What?
Since when is gang rape funny?
What did you require of me?
I require you to drive your bed.
But I'll see you here right now.
How about you still here?
Drop it off the end of the video.
You're like a bitch.
Get your hands up.
Get out of the end of this.
That's right.
I'm gonna touch my yellow kids on the tenders.
But somebody wanna ring me.
Why cause we think it's funny that's why.
Don't put it there.
What?
Get it up there.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Get your hands up.
Come on.
Wait.
Come on.
Come on.
What do you some kind of vary?
I'm not.
What do you know about being queer.
You're moron.
I've been right.
I've been right.
I've been left alone at the difference.
We supposed to be talking about sports here.
Just sports radio over here.
We look, man.
From this point on.
I don't care.
We get paid by the girl.
Now we're gonna make something out of this crate there.
Forbidden.
Then maybe later I'll pull the link sausages out of my pants.
It's okay.
It's a joke, you moron.
Oh no.
There's more, shouldn't we, my pan?
Oh, I'm going to move to the water.
Ow!
You say, oh, ow, ow.
Hello, Warren.
How can I help you?
Well, you see, Warren, I keep getting raped.
I did.
Jarl, I can do it right away.
Thanks, Warren.
It's about dying.
Somebody, I'm going to drop your pan.
I said drop your pan.
That's it, some old candle.
It just something to do while you're watching golf.
Like this.
Pouring the hot liquid in your eye.
Like this.
Ow!
Oh, it's a noise, it's a noise, it's a noise.
Oh, shit.
And I look like a man, don't can't take your pan.
It's on, now, pin-wise.
You want to work my show?
You'll do what you told.
Now, get over here.
Man, that's right.
Now, come here.
Now, get over there.
Come here.
Now, come here.
Come up.
Up there.
Up here.
Up.
Do the pizza.
No, I did my pillow pizza.
Do the pizza.
Now, see here.
I ain't no pie, burglar.
Do the pizza.
I did my pillow.
Wait, you only have one slice.
Fugents have cooked in a glass, don't you?
See if anybody's inside.
No, close it.
A little closer.
My teeth like that.
I'm excited for me.
Oh, you're a tough guy, huh?
Why are you all right?
I'm not seeing you.
I'm not seeing you.
I'm not seeing you.
I'm not seeing you.
I'm not seeing you.
I'm not seeing you.
I'm not seeing you.
I'm not seeing you.
I'm not seeing you.
I'm not seeing you.
I stand before you now.
I stand before you now.
I stand before you now.
I stand before you now.
I stand before you now.
I stand before you now.
I stand before you now.
I stand before you now.
I stand before you now.
I stand before you now.
I stand before you now.
I stand before you now.
Give me your prize.
Give me your prize.
They'll never fight me.
Give me your prize.
Of course it's more important that I have lived view...
...why I allow you know it.
No I don't.
I go home now.
Who ores you?
Watch out for Mr. Withles, please.
Mark Huffman who asks me to move forward.
Mark Huffman who asks me to move forward.
Mark Huffman who asks me to move forward.
It's cute, you know?
It's cute, you know?
I'm cute, you know?
like to twelve forty eight boys are what i would be a big uh...
fizzle the bank yet well you know fat boys uh... email me some crap
like the pregame show on sunday at least fat boy includes the i would be
numbers on here along with the waxing qm which to be very honest with we don't
give a fine crap about waxy on this show
parents doesn't understand that
always don't get the waxy hourlies is he working on it is it how how are
second to take how many hours
uh... third month
uh... i don't know
uh... as many as it takes them sure
so fat boy points out that the a pregame the real pregame show we kicked their
ass
from ten a into one p.m. on sundays qm had a uh... four share and waxy to point five
and i would be a two two
but nevertheless that a bunch of other useless stuff that nobody cares about
well nobody cares about these either except us
and the other people in the business all forty three of them
five six seven o five sixty
where are those waxy hourly numbers man that would be a real hoot to go down
hour by hour & compare
would Infinite you appear
would be
to the mind with no hair
vide of wing hello
either
older
or one
k
and now got a corn for you
secondly their
motion
forward
to python park
Okay.
And the other thing is my son naturally, you know, as they have 100 days off of school
here, he spent many time there.
He told me, listen to your show.
Right.
So listen to the different moments, the other day, or a few days ago, he decided to move me
with his bottom and walk around the end.
And then I told him, listen, listen, no one should pay for radio because it should be
free.
And it's all for me.
Oh, get some therapy.
Get some help for this family, huh?
Wow.
Talk about it.
Impression.
See, that's what we need is about 20 million guys like that, 20 million families like that.
We don't expect the women to come to our help and admit they listen to the show and mark it
down because they just won't do it on their station.
They hate this radio station.
The ladies.
How you doing with the ladies?
We're not sure.
We're not doing it.
Now, is he going to come in there with that thing or are you going to go have to go in there
and beat him up?
I guess I'll have to find a messenger.
What do you mean by that?
To a messenger.
Where is he?
I don't know.
I thought you said he was working on this.
That's what he said.
And when he walked out of the room here, I was like, yeah, but I beat, but I'm open about.
Come on.
Cough up the waxy hourlies, baby.
Cough him up.
Maybe fat boil email him to me because I can depend on him.
I help out better than I can on your program director.
Your boss, as you call him.
Well, you are such a whoo.
Your baby.
Get out of here.
Your bell is your boss.
He's just like, wonky.
He's just like, huh?
Is any of our supervisor or immediate supervisor?
Supervisor, my ass.
God almighty.
I'll get in the God way.
He couldn't supervise a frog to fart.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I'm in the middle of my lunch.
Can you call me back?
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are they going?
All right.
I was wondering about that poll that he was going to do to say about the cars.
Parts that don't make any more.
I mean, I sure miss a model T.
Yeah.
You miss Mr. T.
I think you guys were doing it.
560-705-60-pound-560 on the Verizon Singular wireless line.
I think he was doing Mr. T.
WQAM, hello.
Probably in the T room.
QAM.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
For the zero, I don't know if anyone told you that's a money Python spoof.
Against management and engineering.
Right.
It's on our list.
You got to see it.
There's some great scenes in there.
You're going to love it.
Okay.
Great.
And...
It's better than train spotting.
I'm not picking the T room scene.
No, no, no.
It's great.
I mean, just imagine money Python is shipping management and engineering.
Okay.
It's a lot of fun.
And then why is it Mrs. L. Fyer on that list?
You're serious?
No, I'm not.
That's a doubtful.
How about patch atoms?
Yeah.
What's that movie with Robin Williams and Matt Damon?
I'm not seeing we ought to put it on.
What's the name of that movie?
I don't know.
Yeah, you do.
Goodwill hunting.
Goodwill hunting.
Never saw it.
You never saw goodwill hunting?
Don't.
I won't.
Absolutely not.
It's Matt Damon, paling around with Ben Affleck again.
They're paling around and probably doing a lot of other things to him.
It's not that bad.
It's not that bad.
No, I wouldn't say it's bad.
It's probably when a Robin Williams better flicker.
Did a catch the bad guy in the end?
Did they what?
Did they catch the bad guy in the end?
It caught something in the end.
Breakfast.
It caught something in the end.
Another story.
Maybe that was Mr. T.
Anyway, I still got this one sheet of paper.
I can't compare it to nothing.
More we want you to really kick the rest because they got all zeros.
Is he not doing it in a joke?
By the way, he said that he might not be able to do that because Duff's not here right now.
Because Duff's not here right now.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
That right there is the greatest indictment of our programming department in the history of the human race.
Even Abe Link Cohen is upset about that.
Because Duff's not here.
It's up to High Boy now that.
Well, I got an email here.
Let's see if it's from Frantwo.
I know it's from Phonia Ed.
Oh, geez.
Come on, Frantwo.
It's up to you, baby.
There was Waxie Aurelies.
I don't see why they held not.
Why shouldn't be able to do it?
He got the QAM Aurelies.
Why should that make it?
I think he's just a funnest.
I think he's just stonewalling.
He doesn't want to give us those numbers because if I put it on here, it's going to be embarrassing.
They're going to be ours and there where we got our ass kicked.
And I think that's what he's looking for.
When you go to the doctor, you don't want him to point all the parts of your body that are healthy, right?
You haven't defined the tumor.
It's a tumor.
It's not a tumor.
No, it is a tumor.
And I'm seeing, well, we got one big tumor on there already.
Wow.
2, 3, and 1, 6.
I just, I don't know.
We could have just played the fart sounds for those two hours.
We got bigger numbers than that.
We could have just gone.
It's out.
We could have gone.
It went through an occasional.
It got bigger numbers than that.
Wouldn't you agree?
Yes.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
No.
I don't think we're going to get this stuff in Fatboy.
He's got his own, he's worried about the real pregame show.
We don't care about the real pregame show, the phony pregame show, the dolphin games, the Panther games.
We care about radio, which most of the people unfortunately are in the building.
No, nothing about it.
Thank God we got a general manglaring out of no something about radio.
Like, most is in that one bit there.
Oh, what do you vey?
We got a general manager who knows something about radio as opposed to just ball games.
Because I got news for you.
Look at this ball game and it's really ugly picture.
And again, like I said, it's really the whole thing out, but it sure is fun talking about it, isn't it?
It's a good time.
Huh?
Now if you just read that list a couple times.
Yeah, that won't be done.
I'll get to it.
Come in to QIM.
Hello.
You're having on the radio.
Hello.
56070560, the answer is still low and no waste of time.
Count 560 on the Verizon Singular wireless line.
How many QIM hello?
AIML is going on.
All right.
Have you heard what Tom Cruise did about the South Park cartoon being played in England?
No.
Okay.
You know, he has a production deal with Paramount.
Paramount is the distributor of South Park in Pro Great Britain.
And he actually is preventing an episode of South Park being played in Britain.
The one where he's been playing the song.
When the George is making a burning your copy of and sending me to all this way.
Oh, it's on a way.
It's on the way.
It's on a way to mean not to anyone.
Okay.
But he actually was able to prevent that actual cartoon.
That's the thing.
You're fairies.
Who the hell is he kidding, huh?
I mean, what's going on?
Yeah.
Why do you know what's going on?
I took a message from the George Bush girl censorship book.
Absolutely unbelievable.
And another thing about just thinking what to see is the Cubans.
I was down in Dave County.
I'm positive that it's not part of the United States.
I'm getting...
We know that.
It's got its own foreign policy.
It's the only county in America with its own foreign policy.
So I couldn't be.
No, I'm getting gas.
Okay.
And gas station.
Now, one, I had a guy come up to me and screaming in Spanish.
He's selling me something.
Well, don't go down there again, pal.
That's my suggestion.
Don't go to Dave County.
You know what I'm going to say?
1256 and 5...
Is Fat Boy sending?
Is Clarence sending?
Am I just spinning my wheels over here?
Yes.
How do you know?
Maybe Fat Boy is not a right now.
Let's see.
No, nothing.
Oh, if he was on it, you'd feel it.
Oh, I thought I felt the Earth shake under my thing.
Okay.
Stoddy says most college students like skills,
and after the break, I might just read that.
But I doubt it.
Number two is, he's going to be Roger.
He's going to be your friend.
Next is, find the Adam's baby.
Number one with a bullet.
Well, here's another one you can't refuse.
It's the new Roger's Wonder 2L.
Mmm...
Oh!
In a place that fell just like a bad day, I could see you.
It's like a present, right?
The dream that we've been through here.
It's the color of the brain, we're certain for the player.
Dave, if you know the God and you,
it's just like the other, yeah.
Oh!
Welcome.
I'm a star, I'm a star, I'm a star, I'm a star.
I'm a star, I'm a star, I'm a star.
I'm a star, I'm a star, I'm a star.
I'm a star, I'm a star, I'm a star.
I'm a star, I'm a star, I'm a star.
I'm a star, I'm a star, I'm a star.
I'm a star, I'm a star, I'm a star.
I'm a star, I'm a star, I'm a star.
I'm a star, I'm a star.
I'm a star, I'm a star.
I'm a star, I'm a star.
I'm a star, I'm a star, I'm a star
for the
heart of the
concerned.
Fat with the
Truth is I've, I'm a star,
I'm a star, I'm a star, I'm a star, I'm a star.
I'm a star, I'm a star.
I thought we took them all out, they thought that everything else,
had a sweater?
We were out on that March.
Anyways, we got them all out.
and see where it's been.
Okay, here's what we got.
And I realize the audience doesn't care about this,
but you know something that we do.
I mean, excuse us for living, but it's just, this is our living.
This is the life we have chosen, man, and quite frankly,
we're pretty sorry about it.
In this very bogus book, and again, if it was great,
we'd say, man, these people are trying to really know their craft.
But in this case, they're always way off.
You don't want to give us a big kiss, you know, once in a while.
That kiss like on a lips, like, afraid of,
oh, God, from Michael.
Kiss of my eye.
Let's see, five to six am.
Actually, they got a point nine in Orlando, the big three, two.
See, I tell you he's great.
I stick him on there two to four along with Curtis.
I'm just joking.
And there's only those, man, they like him.
Two six at six.
I don't want to go down the whole day, do I?
But anyway, he beats him in two six to one nine.
Then, a hand comes on and gets a two two,
and Joe Rose has a two six.
Then, eight o'clock is a flat even tie.
Thanks to Hank and Ira, two nine to peace.
Thank God for Ira.
Then at nine o'clock, Hank pumbles them two four to one eight.
Is that a pummeling on?
Yeah, we got a five two, they got a two two to a ten.
We got a six three, they got a two seven.
We got a four nine, they got a two seven.
We got a six one, they got a one six.
Wait a minute, man, the right hour, whatever it is.
Oh no, I'm sorry, one o'clock, they got a point seven.
What's the point?
Man, pretty weak.
And then, what about two to four?
Oh no, two o'clock, Mohanah two three, they got a one eight.
But at three o'clock, Mohanah one six, they got a two eight.
That's Danny La Bastard boy.
I'm telling you, your people sure love that Danny La Bastard.
Man, then man, dog five, one, they got a three, four four to three three.
Three six, yeah, Boog is until four, uh, mister.
Boog is on, they'll four.
Yeah.
Oh, like I said, they should be like,
they kick Moe's ass in the second hour.
Not in the first hour though.
Moe's still had a little slap over from us and then by three o'clock,
they couldn't have no mole.
They couldn't handle it.
And then after that, it's a caca.
Eddie Kato kicks ass once we get those Panther games off here.
So thanks very much, friends.
So I would be on the other hand thanks to the hurricanes.
I mean, the, the football team.
Look at their numbers, man.
Thanks to Wilma.
See, and when we were in 1992, we were at IOD during Hurricane Andrew.
And I think we had even bigger numbers because then back in that day,
we actually had a news department that is correct.
And keeping mine also, I and Z got a goose, even though.
See, again, parents still thinks in terms of waxy, waxy, waxy.
But we didn't care about waxy on the show.
Screw waxy, screw Joe Feinberg, screw all of those of Goi and Moe over there.
Okay?
Who cares?
Except Joe Rose, we like him a lot.
And Booster's okay to win a baseball game, but sucks as a talk host.
Rock and roll talk, everybody.
And Rock and Roll is for stock.
Anyway, IOD, look at these numbers all through the day.
We're 76, 63, 50, 43, 63, 63, 69, 75, at one o'clock they got a nine point.
Oh, man.
Nine four, 75, all these huge, big, smelly numbers they got.
Why, look at that midnight, they got a 12.0 share at midnight.
Why?
And at one o'clock at the morning, they got a 21.3 share and men one o'clock at the morning.
21.3.
Well, that's like the WD snooze days that are going back to that.
Except some of these people might be under the age of 100.
Holy moly, rat man.
Consider you go, there's a whole bunch of numbers anyway, make any sense out of them.
No.
But it killed some fabulous time.
How was it for you?
Oh, it was a medium.
All right, let's get back to the show, shall we?
Let's get back to the lean show.
Should play a sound or something.
Oh, it's a bit of a cow.
Nearing into flow, most college students cannot handle many complex, but common tasks from understanding credit card offers to comparing the cost for ounce of food.
In other words, they're dumb.
Those are the sobering findings of a study on literacy of college campuses.
The first to target the skills of students as they approach the start of their careers.
They are a number of the dirt, man.
What was it?
What's the thing that's supposed to be stronger than dirt?
Is that tied, cheer, or tired of the dirt?
Old ad campaign, don't remember it.
Oh, more than what about Winston?
Why is Einstein taste good?
Like a...
I remember being real cream, just a double do you?
Yeah, that's good.
Real cream, a little double do you?
More than 50% of students at four years school, some more than 75% of two year colleges lack the skills to perform complex literacy tasks.
They are ill, literate, and ill prepared for life.
I do that.
I'm getting ill just thinking about it.
I'm ill and ill.
I'll be ill.
I'm ill.
I'm ill.
I'm ill.
I'm ill.
I'm ill.
I'm ill.
I'm ill.
I'm ill.
I'm ill.
I'm ill.
I'm ill.
I'm ill.
I'm ill.
I'm ill.
I'm ill.
I'm ill.
I'm ill.
I'm ill.
I'm ill.
I'm ill.
I'm ill.
I'm ill.
I'm ill.
Is there anything else to say?
I'm ill.
I'm ill.
He gave me a quarter and an all of four five.
Make my duty ill of him.
Make my duty ill of him.
Okay.
Anyway, I'm getting back to this.
Something that ties right in.
That means that these are college students that could not interpret a table about exercise
and blood pressure, understand the arguments of newspaper editorials, compare credit card
offers with different interest rates and annual fees, or summarize results of a survey about
parental involvement in school.
All of these things.
The results cut across three types of literacy.
Analyzing news through his another prose, understanding documents and having mad skills
needed for checkbooks or restaurant tips.
Oh, well, what kind of a typical name?
About 30% percent.
30% percent.
It's kind of disturbing that a lot of folks are graduating with a degree and they're
not going to be able to do those things.
It's definitely Baldy.
Remember, I went amongst a senior Baldy and that was in what was the movie?
I hope not.
The Fag movie.
Come on with a Frenchman.
Sorry?
That they remade.
What life has you all.
What life has you all?
What life has you all?
A Frenchman fall.
Senior Baldy.
Or is it mature Baldy?
The studies director at the American Institute for Research, a behavioral and social science
research organization.
Most students that come into colleges and for your school show immediate skills, meaning
they could perform moderately challenging tasks like one in one is dose and I got a dose
of this and I'm going to the doctor.
A dose of emergency.
And examples include identifying a location on a map, calculating the cost of building office
supplies or office supplies or consulting a reference guide to figure out which foods
contain a particular vitamin.
There was brighter news though.
Da.
They know we're the stick it.
Overall, the average literacy of college students has significantly higher than that of
the cross-denation.
Studies were said it was encouraging but not surprising given the spectrum of adults
that includes those with much less education.
Also compared with all adults with similar levels of education, college students had superior
skills in searching and using information in text and documents like fighting online
porn.
But they do well enough for highly educated population.
Through a knowledge based economy, the answer was absolutely no.
Said, Joan E. Finney by Spirits in the National Center for Pueblood Policy and Higher Education
and Independent Nonpartisan Group.
This sends a message like Joey Zaza that we should be monitoring Mrs. A Nation and we
don't do it Finney said.
States have no idea about the knowledge and skills of their college graduates.
The survey examined college university students during the end of their degree program.
The students did worse than matters involving math.
Oh boy.
Almost 20% of students pursuing four-year degrees had only basic quantitative skills.
For example, the students couldn't estimate if their car had enough gas to get to the
service station.
Oh no.
About 30%.
About 30%.
About 30, man.
About 20% of two-year students had only basic math skills.
Volody and Finney said the survey should be used as a tool.
They hope state leaders, educators, university trustees will examine the regular courses
required of all students.
What do you require?
The survey showed a strong factor.
Probably about on the same IQ level when it comes up there and it was an entry.
What do you require?
The survey showed a strong relationship between analytic coursework and literacy.
Students in two and four-year school scored higher when they took classes that challenged
students to apply theories to practical problems or were competing arguments.
Wow, wow, wow.
Oh boy, that's a great saying.
It's a telling of America.
We've had a book that I was going to write.
There you go.
I wanted to write a book about Greg Reed and how he destroyed Q and A.
I want to start taking notes.
So there you go.
All those numbers were kind of like, I don't know, like a fly opener.
I don't know what to make of them.
Other than, of course, the whole book is very, very right.
The events.
All I will say is that we are on this show.
We are.
Rock solid.
Take out that Bovius said in November, right?
And then we already give the disclaimer about November and nobody had any power, nobody
had any diaries at the same day, no mail, huh?
No nothing.
In fact, quite frankly, as Del Frank would say, it wasn't really all that much of a disaster
compared with across the street.
They might as well shut that thing down altogether.
And with all that they know about the hurray-team, huh?
What kind of useful information were they given?
None.
And we worked our, we worked and it was sweat.
Anyway, the sweat to pass along useful information.
Where are you going to get your ice?
Where are you going to get your food?
Where are you going to get your gas?
Where are you going to get laid?
Where are you going to get all these things, right?
Right.
Or there's Carl Rob, like I said, where are you going to get screwed?
Okay, here's what we got.
What's the best movie of all time?
We got 1396.
I guarantee our goals, 1400 for the, during the show.
And this is the poll for the whole weekend.
So by the time we get our ass in here on Monday morning, if they let us come back, we're
going to have like a, if we don't have 2,000 votes on there by the time this poll finishes,
I'm going to be just pressfallen.
Remember that show Falcon pressfallen?
No.
Your buddy was in here.
Lorenzo Lamis, baby.
Oh, I'll care what you say.
Once upon a time in America, he sure looked good.
Good God.
Man.
So he isn't in here.
Yeah.
Anybody care about that?
Can't that.
No.
Not me.
Best movie of all time, the Godfather.
Where's the movie that he was in with a snakes?
Lorenzo Lamis.
A snake handler, a snake eater.
Is that, was that it?
I don't know.
One of those snakes.
Well, for a guy that doesn't like him, he sure knows his filmography pretty good.
They're all in all of the time.
The Godfather, 265, anybody, nobody closer to Godfather?
Kind of like a 65 Star Wars 50.
Only one of the ones double digits.
Godfather Part II, 48.
Cookusness, 47.
Lord of the Rings, all of these things.
40.
Jaws, 36.
Come on.
Candy, Shack, 35.
Fahrenheit, 9, 11, 35.
I always think of those in the same category.
Very similar.
Lacing Saddles, 34.
Dr. Strange, lover.
We're hired, learned to stop wearing a level in a bomba.
33.
Love La Bomba, is that the Richie Vellan story?
Yeah.
What was the Richie Vellan story?
It was called La Bomba.
I heard it was the La Bomba.
Animal House 26, Mady Python, and Holy Grail 25.
Apocalypse Now 22, Apocalypse Then, Goodfellas 22, Paul Fishen 21.
It's a wonderful life with Jimmy Stewart.
Eh, crap.
18.
Brave Hearts 16, Esmeral Gibson.
Oh.
Clockwork Orange 16, Network still only 15.
Josh is right.
That will be blows.
Lawrence of Arabia 14, airplane 14.
Why is that much higher?
Because they don't have no sense of humor.
Oh my God.
That movie should be like right up there.
Just, I would say near the God's heart.
It ought to be.
They're having a sale of pennies.
To kill a mockingbird 13, young Frankenstein 12, the Good the Bad and the Ugly 12, Citizen
Kane 12, the Exorcist 11, Friday 11, Usual Suspects 11, Chinatown 11, and Bush Cassidy
and the Sundance Kittletan.
Those are the double digit ones.
Got it?
Well, I thought of one thing.
We said a record I did.
Said a record today.
Never had so many numbers on his show on one day.
And of course, we're all looking for good numbers.
I am 14, I bet 14 after one at 560 WQM.
If you want to see the most amazing fireworks stunt show ever, then make your plans now
to go to Pompano Park next Saturday, week from our January 28th to see the unbelievable
show called Hot to Trot.
Australian trainer and driver Vince Silvestro and his amazing horse Handmey Silver race
around the dark track shooting off more than 2,000 rounds of fireworks from the back
of their race bike.
Even though you never shut off that much from your back.
Side.
Silvestro will drive the horse while standing on the shaft of his race by holding the
reins in his teeth and 15,000 candle power marine fliers in his hands.
Then there will be a spectacular infield display after the show.
You have to see this Hot to Trot show to believe it.
And again, it's a week from tomorrow next Saturday, January 28th at Pompano Park 9PM.
Pompano Park features free admission and free general parking for you every day.
We got the slots coming soon too, baby.
Live harness racing in the Polka room open every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
Polka gets underway at noon, like today is going on right now.
They're plunging their guts out and live racing gets underway at 7.25 PM, including
tonight and tomorrow.
And don't forget every Monday night, there's $2 for $25 dinner special at the Pompano
Park restaurant.
Every Wednesday is dollar night for breakfast, soda hot dogs and more.
And every day, seven days a week of extra time, all casings fall across North America,
even from Woodbine, Fet.
Pompano Park, a block south Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the new race schedule,
9.5.4, 9.7.2, 2000, around the wicked web, Pompano Park dot com.
This is New Roger.
This is 5.62 AM.
The worst place in all of that is on it.
The worst place in all of that is on it.
The worst place in all of that is on it.
The worst place in all of that is on it.
The worst place in all of that is on it.
The worst place in all of that is on it.
You've got to watch what you say, you better all else.
You're the same, you're the same.
The worst place in all of that is on it.
The worst place in all of that is on it.
The worst place in all of that is on it.
The worst place in all of that is on it.
The worst place in all of that is on it.
I hear my order, you have to assess the duty of the Gettyscores win.
When by the power of the men and our Lord God pushed the Federal Institute to meet
and by the power of the men and our Lord God pushed the Federal Institute to meet and by the power of the men.
The worst place in all of that is on it.
The worst place in all of that is on it.
The worst place in all of that is on it.
The worst place in all of that is on it.
119-552, Curtis Stevenson and Frystrand for men, a marriage made in purgatory, 2-4-7.
Mad Dog at Hooters in the Pine, we will have a hoot from 4-7.
The B-7-10 tonight, 8K-10 o'clock.
8K did fine in this book even as screwed up as it was.
Especially if you take out that November disaster, the hurricane, Mad Dog did fine.
We did a very fine and the big old didn't do too bad.
566-10560, pound 560 and they were rising in singular.
Oh and I just got a facts from inside the building.
You know the name of Greg's new consulting firm?
I give up.
Humpty Dumpty Consultants.
He'll break any day part you choose a little piece then you figure out how to put it back together again.
He's got a lot of practice in doing that.
Nice going Greg, you idiot, you silly person.
Let's put Stern on again, what do you say?
In fact, I'm very well for a very minimal price.
I think if they pay the bill, I'm not paying the direct V to the bill.
But if they pay the bill on the as serious thing, we can take one of those receivers and just hold it up to the microphone.
That's a good idea.
And we'll sign the cash tower in the morning.
What do you say?
Look at it, I've been 15 bucks a month for serious.
What do you think?
I think it's a good idea.
And then we can take Duff again out of sales or at least in the morning before he goes out and starts to put the tie on.
And he can get back there on the 20 dump buttons again.
Attention, Mad Dog.
Now, what was that thing about, oh, I don't know where to help to find it.
That's sound he was making on the, you know, I'm talking about.
Yeah, when he was when he was bleeping.
Oh, what the hell was that thing called?
I was at a station.
Huh?
I know, I don't know.
Well, we can't find it.
No idea.
No, we can't find it.
Sorry, don't go the whole day without playing that Dan rather, but.
Oh, yeah, that's the good one.
That's important.
It's coming up.
I can't really see that matter.
He's a rat in my head.
Just relax.
Just calm down for the right price.
So we can have whatever you want.
I don't see any calls on there.
Though I think I drove away with all those numbers.
Oh, boy, here's our phone numbers.
If it has any interest, is there anybody left?
No.
I drove away with all those boring numbers.
Why see how they're so weird?
They don't care about that.
But you know, something I think it gives them a little inside.
They like the inside edge, you know, make something they know something.
Would you hear that?
Uh, Moe had like, yeah, stuff like that.
Even I am shocked.
Even I, an old goat like me is shocked at the, the, the, the, the depths that he plumbed to.
You know what I'm saying?
It was amazing.
Or it's ready for that.
Now, I was shocking.
567, 0560.
My last thing for, and then what I'm going to do is I'll read the whole list of the movies.
And it'll be two o'clock.
What do you think?
I like it.
And pound 560 in the Verizon Singular wireless line.
And of course, when we get to a situation, a juncture like this, you know,
that whatever we do get on there, you know exactly what it's going to be, right?
Do we already know ahead of time?
You got a pretty good idea.
70 QYM, hello.
Subneal zone, service of the lambs on your list.
What is it?
Sound of the lens.
How the hell forget that?
Yeah, I know, right?
Thank you.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
There you go.
How stupid can we be for quite a lot?
Every time you turn around, we're playing one of those.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Right.
Right.
There you go.
What's the very least?
What the f***ing lotion in the bag?
Right. I think I just look at bleeping that.
They're like that, right?
Right.
Sound of the lens.
How can we forget that?
Wow, there's like only 80 trillion movies we can hear.
And if I wouldn't have been robbed, I wouldn't have stupid numbers.
We probably have most of them on the pool.
But then that would be no fun because we couldn't do it again next week.
Dominic QYM, hello.
QYM.
Neal.
Yes, ma'am.
Alavie.
Oh, my goodness, steak.
Wrong number.
Yes.
Listen, can I change the subject real quick?
Sure.
I know that I've been following you throughout the years.
And you've been spending the actions and stuff on and off.
Now there's the stuff being and all that.
Which one's for you for four of the best?
Which one do I prefer the best?
I can't do balance for life because I'm out there so I can't get the sack.
We don't have it here.
Actions.
Actions make the most sense to you?
Yes.
Especially if you're diabetic.
Right.
Well, I'm not.
But I've been reading up on all the different ones and they kind of tell you low fat, 20
eggs, but then I can keep any of the eggs.
You can eat the fat.
Right.
But I would just stop eating.
At least you can introduce some of the complex carbohydrates.
So the Southpeed's diet is just a promotion for all that guys' friends with restaurants and
Southpeeds.
If you got the book, I got the book in the other room.
I never saw such a heavy duty promotional, even a K&A camp, believe it.
Even Jack Abramoff is shocked by it.
But you have such a big listening audience.
I have one more question.
When I did the Actions 10 years ago and 15 years ago and it was real popular, I broke out
into some type of rash once I got into ketosis.
Yeah.
I was wondering if there's anyone else out there that had...
Don't forget about the ketosis thing.
Don't take into that degree.
That's a problem.
Don't do that.
Don't do that.
Do it by osmosis, not ketosis.
Osmosis.
Well, I appreciate it.
The odds are...
Good luck, sweetheart.
I know it's a tough battle.
I'm trying.
I'm trying over here.
Yeah, I guess it's the consistency that matters.
There you go.
Just stick with it.
Or we're good stuff.
Good luck.
All right, bye.
Look at that.
The Dow is down 148 points.
Holy moly, Radman.
Is anybody here?
Don't be buying that stuff.
Don't touch it.
70 QAM.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
By the way, the beast has lost six pounds of balance for life.
He was raised for 80.
Yes, sir.
Hey.
Yeah.
Am I on the radio?
It sounds just like you were your identical twin brother, yes.
Yeah, I just want to say, Dean's gay.
Oh, yeah, hey, Dean, you're gay.
Okay.
Did you know that?
No, I do know.
Is that James Dean?
Well, we knew that.
Jimmy Dean.
Cracked up a nice sports car, his.
Now, what was it?
Was it a veteran Porsche?
Oh, no.
Who the hell knows?
You talk about much to do about...
I'm not a guy here.
I'm a hype.
Are you not eating again, are you?
I'm eating still.
Jesus Christ, almighty.
No wonder there's like been periods of time when like you sound like you blacked out there.
Maybe that's when I was reading those numbers.
A munchkin earlier.
Yeah, that's what I heard.
You didn't mean to go.
The pizza from Tony.
I'm going to start.
I'm going to go on American Idol.
The munchkins.
And you know what the deal is with this pizza?
Yeah.
It's all for me.
Oh, God.
Imagine all the free pizza we'll have now.
They won't get the...
Virtualize is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q.A.S.
God.
This is Dan Rodding, former CBS evening news anchor man.
And now, a punchline.
My former networks inability to find a suitable replacement for me demonstrates my true genius
and complete and total domination as an amoea talking head.
But let us speak about some of the names who have been mentioned to replace me.
First, Bob Sheeper.
Nice enough man, but please.
He's got less hair than Madonna's armpits.
And everyone knows she can't conduct the train if you use Rogan.
Another name that has been banded about is John Roberts, who currently anchors the Sunday CBS evening news.
There's a reason he's been on Sundays for so long.
Plus, he's Canadian.
And everyone knows when the camera light goes red, it can't be a hose head.
Then there's Scott Pelley from 60 Minutes.
He was the guy who helped me make up the story about President Brooks.
I think.
Plus, he's skinnier than Kelly Ripper.
And everyone knows she has to have a meaty can if you want to be the man.
And let's go from the ridiculous to the sublime.
The front runner to succeed me seems to be current today show co-anchor Katie Kirk.
When I first heard her name in the same sentence as mine, I threw up in my mouth a little bit.
This person thinks real news is announcing the individual weight of each of J.Lo's butt cheeks.
Plus, her head's too small, her eyes are too close together, and she reeks of gene to take.
When charged with the awesome task of replacing an icon, it's important to remember.
You can't.
You can only hope to find someone who was involved.
Canadian, skinny, or so completely self-centered, she thinks her name should be part of the Pledge of Allegiance.
For now, this is Dan Rather signing off and reminding you, a whistle is to blow, a gong is to bang.
And Katie Kirk has about as much to offer the world as a fraud with pins in its extremities laying on a high school lab table.
This is Dan Rather.
Well, here you go. You're happy now? Good. We are.
Got some big news for you.
Okay.
Nothing either one you're going to care about.
There's a lot of our people who care.
A lot of our people who care.
Because it's about Cuba. Cuba.
And the yellow will care a big time. In fact, he's probably going to do cartwheels.
When he leaves today, he'll be doing cartwheels in a hallway.
Him and the thing out there at the desk.
You know the thing?
What thing is that?
Cuba will be allowed to play in the World Baseball Classic after all.
All right. Right.
The Bush administration issued a license today allowing the Cubans to participate in the 16 team tournament.
See here, if you want to get on a plane and go to Cuba, you know what you do.
You go to the airport.
Get on a plane. You know where you go?
I don't know.
Cubans?
No.
You fly direct to Cuba.
You want to go to Cuba? You know where you go?
The drugstore?
There you go.
The cigar store, drugstore.
Hundreds of places.
And you buy them.
And you smoke them.
Smoke them if you got them.
Baseball's first application was denied.
On December by the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control.
But the commissioners or office in the Players Association reapplied after Cuba said it would donate any profits it received to victims of...
Hurricane Katrina.
The president wanted to see it resolved in a positive way.
Scott Vafel and said one of the great liars of all time.
Our concerns were said on making sure that no money was going to go to the cashier regime.
And that the World Baseball Classic would not be misused by the regime for spying.
We believe the concerns have been addressed.
Now we just got to put a stamp on it for $0.39 by the way.
U.S. law is aimed at punishing the bell cashier's communist government for a bit certain commercial transactions with Cuba.
Generally attempting to deny money.
Working closely with the World Baseball Classic, Inc. and the State Department, we were able to reach a license of all agreement that upholds both the legal scope and the spirit of the sanctions.
Treasury spoke from a Molly Miller-wise said.
The agreement ensures that no funding will make its way to the hands of the cashier regime.
The Treasury is pleased to not be able to issue this license that looks forward to seeing all the teams showcase their talents on the international stage.
Initial reaction to Friday's decision on Cuban fans was positive.
I'll ride through a sand.
Oh my goodness, it's tremendous.
Explained Osvaldo Herrera, who was standing on the street corner in Havana with your other sport-lover discussing Cuban baseball.
The tournament, the first in which the World's Top Players will participate on national teams, runs from March 3rd to the 20th.
And a partridge in a pear tree. Any interest? No.
There are Cubans in Group B, by the way with Panama, Puerto Rico, the Netherlands.
Oh my god, can you imagine what they're going to be smoking?
Holy moly.
And Washington Post shut down one of its blogs yesterday.
After the newspapers, Ombudsman raised the eye of readers by writing the lobbyist Jack Abramov gave money to the Democrats as well as to the Republicans.
At the center of a congressional bribery investigation, Abramov gave money to Republicans while he had his plans donate to both parties, though mostly to Republicans.
Mostly to Republicans.
In her Sunday column, Ombudsman Deborah Howell wrote that Abramov had made substantial campaign contributions to both major parties, prompting a wave of nasty leader postings on post.blog.
See, last year's got the right idea.
Put your blog on there, but do not take any input, output. Just say your thing.
See what I'm saying?
But it's like taking a call on a talk show.
Who would do that?
There were so many personal attacks that the newspaper staff couldn't keep the board clean.
There were some pretty filthy stuff. And so the post shut down comments in the blog or web blog said Jim Brady, executive director of WashingtonPost.com.
We're not giving up the concept of having a healthy public public dialogue with our readers.
But this experience shows that we need to think more carefully about how we'd be doing a Brady wrote on the newspaper's website.
Remember on our website when we had that chat room?
Oh yeah, oh, forget it.
There are things that we said we would not allow, including personal attacks, abusive profanity, and hate speech.
What do you be saying?
Well, guess what?
Surprise! That's what happens when you open it up to the masses out there.
Just look at any chat room on the internet.
Whether it's a sex chat room, whether it's a whatever the hell it is.
I mean, whether it's a sex chat room.
Well, I can say whether it's a sex chat room.
I would even think of something else when I open a sex chat room.
Whatever else it might be. I can't think of anything at the moment.
Anyway, let's take one quick peek.
Because this poll is impossible to like manage, you know what I mean?
Really, thank God.
He called in about Simon Sallam's when it had been embarrassing.
Yeah, with 1437 votes for our aim is for how many?
What I say, 3,000?
3,000.
Get out of here. You're crazy.
Yeah, I am.
Our goal is for 1,500 by Monday morning.
There's like somebody used to say our goal is 300,000 for our charity.
I don't want to mention no names today.
Oh, yeah, that was really a really hoot and holler.
That's when we were, well, I mean, the Greg Readsdorf.
I could write a book about that.
Like that night that we went on the year December 30th, eight years ago.
That day, that morning, whatever the hell it was.
And the night before there was a, there was poor, what's his name?
George Corso, working his skinny little ass off trying to paste together
a bunch of paste in whatever the hell they were, pieces of equipment.
That came in cartons all disassembled from Philadelphia, from some other
Beasley station.
And there was Greg and his family hopping on a plane in high-tailed off to Chicago.
When the going gets tough, Greg Reads gets going.
Like no mistake about, although I like that Humpty Dumpty consultants.
I think it's got a good ring to it.
Right? Yeah.
I know they're going to fix your problems.
Peace meal.
WQIM, hello.
This is Big Scott Arthur.
He's a retired.
He's a lawyer.
WQIM, hello.
QIM, that was your fine bird, by the way.
Who are you kidding, Joe?
Just wait until January, man.
You're going to fall off the face of the earth.
QIM, hello.
Hello.
Can I speak to him, please?
Speaking.
Meal.
Speaking, yes, sir.
Yes.
How about from here to eternity?
It's not on there with Frank Sinatra.
That was the movie that the horse is heading to.
It's on the picture.
It's on.
Is it on there?
Okay. He's having a little trouble.
Is it on there or not?
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
We haven't mentioned it.
From here to from here?
Over here to eternity.
Over there.
I really like that.
I don't think so.
That was the movie with the Bert Lane Caster.
Frank Sinatra, that was the role at supposedly a Martino God.
And the horse said movie and the Godfather.
The sport night.
Yeah.
56.
54.
Huh?
William Holder was in that, too.
I think he was still holding it.
Did you look it up?
No, we're just putting it on there.
Oh, I see.
I thought when you said Ernest Borgnown, it assumed you were the...
Did you actually see her in eternity?
Wow.
Yeah.
And like I said, there was Tommy Dorsey who was the band leader.
I didn't know band leader.
I heard that story.
That was a band leader and they made him an offer.
He couldn't refuse.
And then Sinatra, this movie deal, he got...
They won no part of him for that role.
And that's what resurrected his entire career from her to eternity.
Frank Sinatra.
Da-da-da-da-da-da.
Yeah.
Mr. Mafiosi.
There's a guy that he's saying or what?
No, huh?
Oh, you know, be really sad to go to the entire day without taking one of Josh's favorites.
W-2-A-M-Nutline.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
It's Ken from E-Pobico.
I'm the state of...
No, I'm the state of E-Pobico.
And here I was insulting you thinking you were one of our self-footed cranks, Ken.
How's it going, A?
It's okay.
I'm down the vacationing in Fort Lauderdale.
Oh, how sad.
Yeah.
So, I...
Sonny in 52 in Toronto today, A.
Yeah, I like your weather forecast.
I'll be following them.
Can I talk about the wireless hotspots in Fort Lauderdale?
The wireless hotspots.
Yeah, I brought my computer down.
You like to get on your...
Thing.
Yeah, your thing.
And all along Los Olives, it's all pre-ing.
Just turn on your computer, sit in your car in the park, and you can not get on.
Well, how about that?
Anyway.
Probably, that's all you're going to find to do anyway there.
So, that's a good idea.
Yeah, I just got off the water tap.
She's sitting in the new river now.
Excellent.
Anyway.
I've got put pieces of bad news for you, Ken.
When you come in back?
I've voted liberal before I left.
Oh, well, good luck to you, because I just looked at the star during his last break.
Must be psychic in the conservators.
Our ten points ahead.
These people here are going to be in for a sorry time.
So, the conservators are going to win a sweeping victory on Monday, and then number two, the Leafs suck.
But other than that, have a great trip, Ken.
See?
OK.
I can buy it.
He knows both of those things.
Yeah, they like, I don't understand why the liberals here aren't running their campaigns saying,
if you like George W. Bush, you'll love Stephen Harbour.
But then again, they're stupid, and they got Paul Martin, who's like a real prune face, you know,
a prune face old Dota Bird.
And they're going to like all the reactionary repressive things that going on here, you know?
I mean, if Americans can lose all their freedoms, why are Canadians eight?
Missouri loves company.
Oh, the Mandershot Pope Paul, the John Tooth is back in custody five days after his release.
What's that all about?
Well, that's just the old film of him shooting the Pope.
Well, that's because he already, you know, this guy that they led out, he already killed some other guy.
This guy is a slime ball.
Yeah.
Turkish appeals court ordered Anca, whatever it is, it's more time.
Good.
He is a low life slime ball.
That's what the Holy Father said.
And then the Holy Father went over there, and they counseled, I wonder what they were doing in there,
and those behind those closed doors, you know?
A convincing conferring.
Because the Pope came out with a big smile on his face.
This is Neil Roger.
Welcome.
This is 5.62.
A.M.
Hey there, you bastard.
Mr. Lector, save me a piece.
I'm disappointed you passed on Clarice.
Still eating people right after you kill them.
Not even eating behind a tiny girl, the Lector.
Fingerlicking.
He cleans if people taste this like chicken.
If you see an apple on the strings, that'll honor you at that age.
Mr. Lector, I've got to ask.
I'll tell you we think through that funky mask.
The wind looks good, you can't move your jaw.
The first candle looks beyond the silly straws, Lector.
I wish I saw you pay a visit, and I should never call.
Keep the clippings on your next free.
Just remember your best days.
It works the lotion in the basket.
I'll bet.
Come on, it's still too occurs and Troy coming up at 2 o'clock.
Troy, of course, was supposed to be out selling and servicing those accounts.
But he's not.
But anyway, Cadence records the core debts and Mr. Sandman
before you were born, before either one of you was an idea.
And whose orchestra was doing the music?
Tommy Dorit Archie Blire.
Who?
Chick and Echo, no. Archie Blire.
Cadence records the core debts.
What a memory I got.
And the song by the core debts.
I think Chick and Echo sent it to me.
I can't find it.
Born to be with you by the core debts.
I love that song.
Remember the core debts?
No.
And I don't have them in here either.
And they also didn't.
Please don't leave me, which was a fast domino song.
That was on Dot Records.
It's a matter of fact.
What's that?
Maybe it was an Indian tune.
Do anybody have any idea what I'm talking about?
We thought it was.
That's what I like.
That's exactly what my life is all about now.
I'm so old that I talk about things that nobody remembers except me and chicken neck.
In fact, you know something.
You probably say a lot of juice.
I just call them on the phone and do the show over the phone.
I'll go collect.
5.670560, 0.560 and leave a rise in singular.
When I said Marty Perrano from Syracuse, New York, that disturbed me a lot.
That's like all that harness racing stuff.
You have to have a lobotomy, man.
I think when you get to be about 63, that's the perfect age for them to open it up.
Just like that with that Kennedy chick, remember that?
Right.
Now which one was that?
Was that not Rosemary?
Was that her name?
How the hell is it?
The Kennedy system that was like retarded.
So they had a lot of bone on it.
And they pulled it up and she would be like, like, step away from Terry Shival.
She would have thought I'd got to work that thermostat.
A big important?
He's working the thermostat.
What are you talking about?
You just had to get up, change the temperature.
I'm specifically in here.
I'm spending two.
Why do I have to change the temperature?
I'm spending two in the middle of the minute.
Why? Is it too hot or too cold?
It's too hot.
It's boiling over there and having hot flashes.
Well, that's probably because of those numbers.
There's probably a lot of people sweating in that place.
Like I said, it's a bogus book.
In fact, I'll tell you what.
Just to make you feel better.
To show you that we deserve that number two bonus and probably number one.
If you take out who did Moe, let's see what the hell is it, 10 to 2.
If you take out that awful November that 3-1, although I take it 3-1,
compared to anything else that was going on other NIOD, we did ourselves proud.
One night in the morning and that month.
And what did the afternoon do?
Moe had a 1-0-1-1.
He's consistent and a 2-5.
But anyway, if you take that out of there, the equation and the add like October and December together.
Carry the 1.
7-4 and a 6-8.
Carry the 1 and add 15 points.
14. We got a 7-1.
What's else wrong with that?
That ain't chop liver.
And when the next trend comes out, we're going to be dropping off a big month and keeping that bad November.
So February come, February becoming then we're going to kick some big fat smelly fats in.
We're going to kick it.
New style, not old style.
We're kicking it new style.
We're going to hold a bunch of young punks in here to work all these 20-year-old jocks.
20-year-old tacos.
Hey, we're going to do rock and roll taco.
Hey, let's do rock and roll sprowlake by the booster does.
Good guy, but boy, and him and Danny love bastard.
Where do you think that's all about?
Hmm?
I don't know.
You think there's something going on here?
They travel together a lot.
Anyway, here's the deal.
The best movie we're all time now.
I gave it the top one's Godfather, Cassablanca, Star Wars, Godfather Part II.
How about some of the ones that don't have any yet?
All right.
Make you feel guilty.
The world of the bottom one's got one.
Remember very Lyndon Johnson?
No.
Well, there's so many that have none that's...
I guess I had 1452 votes.
When I wasn't the Ryan O'Neal in that very Lyndon?
Sure.
No?
I don't know.
What do you mean you don't know?
Ryan O'Neal from the West.
What's Ali McGraw?
Is she dead or what?
I don't know.
I don't think so.
Ali McGraw.
Come on.
You saw a love story.
And Ray Meland was the next one.
Don't you like Ray Meland?
Sure.
Just fine.
Which I always say was the invisible man, but it was.
That was quite weird.
Here to return to the...
Leon, the professional.
Oh, there's a top gun.
Don't have any.
This American history ex has none.
Bogni Nights has none.
Memento has none.
The Poseidon adventure's got none.
What do you people do it over there?
Cape Fear, the original one, was a great Robert Mitchen, the drunk head nun.
Oh, boy.
You people are at a lot of work to do between now Monday morning.
Hop on it.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 A.
Excuse me, but I do believe that sounds A.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, ok, I'm grateful for my honor, I'm grateful to myself, as someone brings me mentor, adon salv adher to my love for people since the past 10 years and beyond, shall I sing my name for a voice?
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
They won't let you die now, They will never let you die
and they will never let you die
No, wait!
Oops now, they're going live now
they're going to die!
They won't let you die!
They will not let you die!
They won't let you die!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, sorry or emo Ai Ko- ric means  bombabyrinth?
who is he?
I don't want it, send me text messages, mans,san Ar
empresiors
Bye bye!
