The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the host,
the BZ broadcast group, it's staffed advertisers for agencies.
The biggest news, the best talent.
How about those things?
Okay, QA2W.
They're going to use QA2W.
Yeah.
K-football, they listen to sports radio 560 QAM,
but when they want the true taste of real beer,
there's only one choice.
President Day imported beer.
Join Daven Busters at Dolphin Mall and President Day Beer
as they team up to bring you exciting University of Miami College football,
viewing parties all season long.
Only at Daven Busters featuring great President Day Beer specials
like a bucket of five ice-coat bottles of President Day.
Neil Got Out!
WQAM.
Where the packet is?
I can see you.
Ow!
This is Dan Rather, formally, of CBS Eaming News.
Now, there's something called HDNet,
where you can see every freaking pot mark in my face.
But, till the gig I could get, so, so be it.
Anyway, you may have heard that some girl has taken my spot
time of CBS Eaming News.
Now, unless you've been living under a rock,
you know it's Katie Kirk.
I've only met Katie Warrant.
She's tied upon me, but on purpose perhaps,
but she pops her piece, and when she does,
spit lies in every direction.
Let's just hope the cameraman,
awareness needs fields.
Do not take my complete and total honesty for bitterness.
Well, okay, take it for bitterness.
They put me out to pasture.
Katie Kirk sits there in my bed with my butt.
So, I'm on my place.
What happened?
Fire one?
What is that?
What is what?
How about now?
Who says, we're going to give you a different way to look at the news.
Well, Katie, I'm here to tell you that's how I wound up working for HDNet.
I say stick to the facts.
Sure, to that, lose your top and pierce your nipples,
because you ain't got a prayer.
Here's hope and bride, Williams,
grabs you by the feet and eats you like a shrimp.
Man, rather reporting formally of CBS News,
now catch me on HDNet,
sometime between one and three in the morning.
What a great start to the week that was.
How was that on the year?
Was I going to be?
Oh, that was not on the year.
Oh, so it was just a Josh message to you.
Let's hear it turn on.
That's all it's all about.
Great.
I'm hearing a vote, camper.
How's it going, Tommy?
And a bunch of four letter words.
They didn't say it before.
Well, maybe they did.
Here's a fact from Jim in England.
Can I suggest another choice for your poll?
No.
It's jolly well, not good.
No, you can't.
Take a poll, only whenever a new topic of issue comes up,
and he says you could take more than one a day.
Oh, do I have the Elton John story,
wanting religion, ban, yes, I do, Jim.
And then he's his poll suggestion.
Who's the greatest Muslim in the world?
Wow.
Woo-hoo.
You like that one?
And when some of his suggestions are Muhammad Ali,
use of Islam, Kat Stevens,
and then the guy that the head-butting guy
with that was his name, Sidon,
whatever it was.
Zidane Zidane Zidane.
Oh, this is Albert Taita from Tony Van Record.
Yeah.
And anyway, thanks a lot, Jim.
Have a great day, and to get lost.
Anyway, there's Oprah Jesus.
It's Martin Luther King today, not a memorial day.
They're honoring him.
And Bubba was there a little while ago,
speaking, and Barack Obama is going to speak.
And now they got Oprah speaking.
Power.
That's the nine power.
Oh, my God.
You know, that should tell you all you need to know
about what's wrong with the world.
In fact, that anybody is supposed to take this bitch seriously.
I mean, just take all the money right to the bank
and just go off and have a wonderful life.
And, you know, binge eat.
Eat a lot.
Tell you a bust.
This is a really pressing story.
Should we start out the weekend, they press...
How about those dolphins?
And they turned a corner or what?
No.
They suck.
Hey, if it's the Mr. Team Bus to the Stadium again yesterday,
it's not good.
It's nice to see Tom fail every once in a while.
It's good.
And Josh, you've seen Ben Luzias today.
It's because they didn't play it till the night,
when they lose to nothing to be fined and losing Carolina.
The Bucks suck.
So who put the S and J.E.T.S. to get sucked?
That was very bad.
Anyway, it's football.
You know, who the hell cares?
You people like it all whipped up.
Oh, we're going to kick your ass.
How about those hurry games?
Five and five.
How do you like that?
Can you believe that?
I can't believe that the Orange Bull is still standing.
Wouldn't you have thought they would have pulled it apart
brick by brick, tour lit by tour lit?
Still standing.
I'm still standing.
That's what Miss Elton said.
And she says the religion ought to be banned.
Hmm.
It's another gay thing.
Anyway, wait till you're this through from Lake Wales.
Did you hear about this guy?
In fact, what was the movie?
It was Fargo.
Yeah.
The Stump Grindr.
That's the most you've ever seen in Stump Grindr.
You're going to movie?
Oh, the...
What's the different on Max Point over the weekend?
Yes.
And the thought was great.
Yes.
Two thumbs up something.
Okay.
Yeah, I know Scarlet's your Hanson.
Okay.
Lake Wales Florida.
Man tried to save a dog being pulled into a Stump Grindr.
Was cut in the machine and killed authority, say.
Robert J. Wagner, 25.
I'm sure in a relation to the Hollywood Bob Wagner.
And his friend John Santilli, of course, say,
and Lucy, we're using a grinder while at a hunting camp
in the River Ranch area about 9.40 yesterday morning,
said Polk County Sheriff's spokeswoman Donna Wood.
Santilli's dog on entangled with an animal's leash
cut to the machine would said,
why did you try to rescue the system of the old Wimbledon Rainer?
Or was pulled to the machine's blades?
He died last-terrations and major hidden body trauma would say,
deputy said he used a four-wheel drive vehicle
to get to the scene.
Wagner and the dog were dead by the time of 30s got there.
In the old woodshipper, the Stump Grindr.
There's two different things for what it's worth.
Isn't it the same principle?
Well, they both have blades on the inside,
but one machine is a woodshipper and the other one doesn't.
They have any blades on the inside and brine blades on the outside.
Now, that's bad taste. Don't be staring at it again.
Somewhere out there, somebody in this community
knows who did that murder last week that football player.
Somebody knows. Somebody's on the loose.
There's a killer on the loose.
I still can't get over that. That was just...
I don't know. It just leaves me limp.
Anyway, speaking of dead people,
they sheared Prime Minister promised yesterday
to reshuffle his cabinet.
After calling lawmakers to this lawyer,
let's of course, his in Baghdad,
and blaming Sunni Muslims for raging sectarian violence
that claimed at least under 59 more lives,
including 35 men blown apart.
While waiting to join a Max Police Force, blown apart.
There are some pieces.
Among the unusually high number of dead were 50 bodies found
behind a regional electrical company in Bakuba,
35 Mosinothec to Baghdad.
And 25 of them are found scattered throughout the capital.
When they say scattered, they mean it literally scattered.
And Baghdad's morgues are full.
No room at the end.
With no space to stir body sun victims of these sectarian slaughter
are not being kept for others to claim,
but photograph numbered and quickly interred in government cemeteries.
Men fearful of an anonymous girl are tattooing their thighs
with names and phone numbers.
Well, what a way to make friends, huh?
It's one thing to write your name and phone number on a wall
in the tea room somewhere.
It's another thing to write it on your thigh.
Men fearful of, let me say it again.
In October, especially bloody month for Iraqi civilians,
about 1,600 bodies were turned in at the Baghdad Central morg.
These cities networked awards, built to hold 130 bodies
at most households more than 500.
Bodies are sent for burial every three to four days
just to make room for the daily intake,
sometimes making corpse identification impossible.
We can't remove all the bodies just so that one can be identified
and pull them all back in again.
They said, we just don't have the staff.
How do you like that?
They're dying like flies over there.
And now we've got Bob Gates, V Gates.
It's going to solve it all.
Yeah.
Here's the poll from Friday.
How many of your friends and or family listen to me?
And this was not a good weekend to take a poll anyway
because everybody was out of time for the extra day.
Let's see, the holiday was Friday.
Here it's today.
People don't have to work today like, you know,
bank people, government employees.
It's a holiday.
It's a remembrance day.
And they're walking them out.
They got the red poppies on their lapel.
Have you got your poppy on?
Not on.
Well, I poppied it in.
How many of your friends and or family listen to me?
In the 1907 votes, a few, 700.
A few.
Well, that's good.
Zero, none.
Zipity, Duda, 477.
Speaking of Zipity, Duda, Dan Rather was on with I'mas this morning.
And that's what, oh, and I've got a great Katie Courage story
from this week's Inquirer.
Now, it all depends on whether they want to believe the front page
or the inside story.
I'll get to it because the front page says Katie fired the Duda.
How do you like that?
Hmm.
Anyway, how many of your friends or family listen to me?
A 0, 477, almost none, 432.
Most, 103.
Some, 79.
That was your just choice, some, which I guess a few wasn't good enough for George.
Some, right?
All of them, 42.
I hit this poll only 41, just 2.1%.
And only my enemies listen, 33.
Only my enemies listen.
But here's your president.
I appreciate the members of my candidate who are here.
Did you see it?
You looked up there.
There's plans going over and he looked up like, oh, they're coming to get me.
787 votes on the days pool.
I think 1,000 is a save for us today.
What's your take?
We're taking a pool on pool today.
What's your take on these pools?
I'm kind of shocked, aren't you?
About what?
About their response so far.
I know.
787 votes, 595, almost 76%.
Say they're fine.
How do you like that?
Oh, I would like to.
Fine.
You would have said what?
And that's what I voted for.
Yeah, that's because I'm the one who has to come up with it every day.
Right.
You can't.
I would have voted for whatever if that option had been on there, but it wasn't.
Well, what does that mean?
Whatever.
Like, I don't care.
But you don't care about anything.
If we get 4,000 votes on the pool today, I'd care about the rate.
50,000 votes you wouldn't care.
Right.
About what?
Ratings.
Not web hits.
Ratings, what the hell are those?
Well, we know what those are.
There it goes again, picking on our lead in.
I can't believe you.
Somewhere out there, there's a killer.
Anyway.
Oh, they're fine, 595.
Once a week is good, 81.
I hate this pool.
42.
5.3%.
Hate the pool on pools.
I shouldn't have even put that on here.
I'm certain that there are those bastards.
You don't like it?
Go vote something else.
Go vote a law.
Go if you're heading the woodshipper in the stump grinder.
Go right to something.
I hate this pool 42.
They suck these pool suck 37 and get rid of them 32.
Not that much negativity when you come to the Yom San.
They suck and get rid of them only 32.
And that's because they want us to have to work and come up with a poll idea.
They're sadist.
That's what it's all about.
Oh, yeah.
They're great.
So, Elton John says, organized religion fuels anti-gay discrimination in other forms of
bias.
I said that interview published this weekend.
I think religion has always tried to turn hatred toward gay people.
John said they've observed newspapers, music, monthly magazine.
Religion promotes the hatred and spite against gays, he said.
You're fair.
But there are so many people I know who are gay and love the religion.
He said, from my point of view, I would ban religion completely.
Organized religion doesn't seem to work.
It turns people into really hateful lemmings and it's not really compassionate.
Oh, no, Schmidt.
Elton also criticized religiously, just for fairly anything about conflicts around the world.
Why aren't they having a conclave?
Why aren't they coming together?
John said that those in his own field have been similarly lax.
It's like the piece movement in the 60s.
Musicians got through to people like getting out there and doing piece concerts.
We don't seem to do them anymore.
He said, if John let them were alive today, he'd be living it with the vengeance.
If poor John was with us.
Pop had John be a yaw, or Yoko.
Oh, man.
That's what we need, Benny.
We're the without the GETS jets.
When I was depressing, you know, in rain and mong.
Let's land the weather for the newspapers, sink in the dry night.
They all, both teams played the same crappy weather.
But nevertheless, maybe they're just not that good.
Is that possible?
Yeah, that's probably.
Like the dolphins, man, two in a row, they beat the mighty bears.
And the inconsistent with a dolphin reject the quarterback, Damon Heward.
I mean, that's a joke.
Yeah.
Seriously, he made it to the back up.
He makes Joey Harrington look good.
Well, Trent Greenman, he could play a my team.
Not always he played that way.
Looks pretty good too for an old guy.
810 votes on the pool.
And 613 to say these polls are just fine.
Don't miss with our pool.
I'm sorry, but his name's self-best.
How can you say it's fast as a pain-rotter?
Heward, 410, 168, 10.
Yeah.
No.
And we're in the air.
Yeah.
Yes, you see, K.S.
Oh.
I was attacked by the monkey bun.
He would have made my friend Punjab.
Oh, no, I don't feel the same in India.
Oh, I'd rather be a New York and drive a cab.
Thank you, my friends.
Oh, thank you, my friends.
1017 to 560 W.A.M.
The use of medical marijuana has given two Toronto professors the right to do something that many students could only dream of.
Access to especially ventilated rooms where they can indulge in peace.
I like that, George.
A ride.
The two at the esteemed University of Toronto and York University, the north of the city, suffer from chronic medical conditions that some doctors say can be eased by smoking marriage-a-weeny.
There were among nearly 1,500 Canadians who wanted to use the drug for health reasons.
Using human rights, what?
I was going to say, I have that disease.
Whatever it is.
Yeah, whatever it is you got it, I believe that.
Suicidal tendencies.
Now I have a feeling I know who he's got it for.
Good for you.
Using human rights legislation to petition their employers for the right to light up in the workplace, they faced illegal struggle, but the universities eventually agreed.
Well, not the medication, I'm disabled, I'm not able to carry out meaningful and valuable productive works that York University Chronology professor Brian McLean, who suffers from a severe form of degenerative arthritis.
It helps me maintain my mobility as a physical problem, but also helps me keep the pain of the distance so I can focus on my work McLean told Reuters.
McLean's three month battle to persuade York University to provide a light up room finally obtained this month is short in comparison to University of Toronto philosophy professor Doug Hutchinson's year long.
It took professor McLean the season three full months to get similar accommodations, and I believe that in Canada now we should hope the next person who gets the accommodations to not take more than a month Hutchinson told Reuters.
How do you like that?
Those of you in the fastest USA, but nevertheless.
On speaking of the USA, the US government believes Spindel Castro's health is deteriorating and the Cuban dictators are not going to live through next year.
Don't create anybody like that.
Yeah, whatever.
He's got terminal cancer, terminal baby, terminal.
That their view was reinforced last week when the Cuba Foreign Minister backed away from his prediction that the island castor would return to par by early next month, the sea emberay.
It's the subject on which I don't want to speculate, Philippe Petrazo Roque told the AP in a manner.
He don't want to speculate.
The US government officials say there's still some mystery about Castro's diagnosis, has treatment of how he's responding, but.
These officials believe the 80-year-old fascist or a communist or whatever he is leader, has cancer of the stomach hole in a pancreas.
He was seen weakened in thinner and official state photos released late last month, and it's considered unlikely a return to power survived through the end of next year.
It goes to show what happens when he too many of those re-fried beans.
They spoke on conditionment and immunity because they weren't authorized to speak publicly about the politically sensitive topic and they value their lives.
With chemotherapy, Castro may live up to 18 months in a defense official without it, expected survival dropped to a three to eight months.
He's going to be dead soon.
Castro's dead soon.
American officials won't publicly talk about how the glean clues to Castro's health, but US biogencies include physicians who study pictures, video, public statements, and other information coming out of Cuba.
Maybe Bill Thys has been studying the pictures like he was of a Terry and her cheater with that he was diagnosed with her on a camera.
She looks really alert to me. Look at that. She just, well, the balloon just clapped through right by her head there.
Terry Shival went to her famous tube.
Oh, man, I'll take it. Look at all these episodes in Florida. First it was Alianito and the hanging chads and then we had Terry and her...
Oh, when the hell is it stopped?
It doesn't.
840 votes on the poll, by the way. We could be up to a thousand and then three shades of alarms till.
I think you a lot have a smoking room.
In session one is going up. Not cigarettes or cigars or I know just the room.
What room would that be?
The right ear. Yeah, of course.
I've got the current issue. What's it in on this?
In November 20th.
November 20th. Boy, they're a little ahead, anything. An accidental inquire.
And the front cover is enough to make you puke your guts out when you see Kerr, a Kirsty alley, her secret liposuction, the real story of her way lost.
75 pounds gone and there's the before and after and the before.
There is one nasty, skanky looking cow. Wow.
And on top of the headline, dog the body hunter is a crack addict.
3600 million dollars of horse turns ugly.
Well, speaking of that guess what movie was on last night, which I watched parts of it again.
Speaking of Reese with his phone, not with her, but 54.
Oh.
Okay.
With her very hot husband, Ryan with Phillip B, who wants to be Ryan Williams.
Whatever her house name is.
And he actually talked about that kind of a story.
You're a little bit.
And then we too when he came right down.
I don't listen. I don't care if he says anything. Just shut up and then.
Anyway, no, her divorce turns out to be the drugs, the affairs and the cruelty.
Oh no. We're not going to be picking up poor Ryan's to leap are we?
But the big story on here, Katie fired it.
And Clara world explosive, the secret meeting that crossed anchor her job.
And then when you get to the article, as you'll see, when I get to it,
if I ever get around, she may be fired.
The headlines says fired is in past tense.
Well, look at the centerfold here.
Drug craze Naomi Campbell beat me bloody.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh no. That's what her former formula one racing team boss, Flavio Breatori,
says and can beat me bloody.
I guess that's who we said.
I don't know.
I didn't read it. I don't care about Naomi Campbell or anybody out of these other drug craze, the idiots.
New battle for Farah. There she is looking really bad again.
She's dying. She's on the way up.
Oh, you see Jack Palock's side over the weekend.
Yes, he did.
I think the honor of that, you should watch Shane again.
Oh jeez.
You said you never saw it.
I know how I didn't.
All right.
With little brand brand in the world, as a young like nine years old in that movie, yeah.
Anyway, Gary Cooper was in there, right?
It's a western. It's a cowboy movie.
Oh, Alan Latt, I think. But I'm not sure.
Well, I don't watch cowboy movies, okay?
I understand.
Ever since where I ride, Jason Gabby has been off TV since, you know, a hundred years ago.
I don't watch cowboy movies. I don't watch westerns.
Whether there's spaghetti westerns, although I do like my low-car pasta.
You want to hear the story about Katie, Katie out.
There's not much of a story.
Yeah, sure.
Secret meeting at cost.
Anchor her job.
New is gal could end up on 60 minutes early early show.
And then if you read the articles like, what are we talking about here?
Is this Katie correct could be fired from a new $50 million dollar a year job the incur has learned exclusively.
In top secret meetings, robustness of the CBS even news have drawn up contingency plans to remove the 49-year-old former today's star from the Anchor cheer.
Better put her in the electric cheer.
That bitch.
If the perky newscaster remains in last place in the news ratings,
or she'll be replaced as sources, the sources are looking at several options,
including moving her to 60 minutes or the early show.
The real early show.
When they moved into the real early show.
That means that they want you out.
Katie trails both Brian Williams and NBC and Charlie Gibson ABC in the prospect of overtaking their competitors look grim confide sources.
It's looking really grim.
What it boils down to says an insider is that she could be fired and not even know it.
Whatever that means.
A close source added there's absolute panic now that this was a bad mistake that needs to be fixed.
I would have told them that for a consulting fee of nothing.
The stunning development comes on the heels of the inquiries exclusively for that Katie has been emotionally devastated over her per ratings.
She blows.
We've realy let the chirpy news stars averaging no more than,
no more viewers than 69-year-old veteran newsman, Fuddy-Duddy Bob Schiefer.
Her lower paid interim predecessor brought in after Dan Reddler left the woods shoved out of the Anchor spot.
See, this is God punishing CBS for caving into the Neocons, okay?
And for pushing old Andy Boy out.
The inquiries also disclose that a desperate Katie turned a former NBC anchor Tom Bulkaw for tips on news anchoring and politics.
Behind the scenes her bosses are incensed over comments that Katie made in which it appeared she didn't care if her broadcast remained in the last place to Volga Insider.
Katie's steering comment appeared in the USA today October 30.
She was quoted as saying her coming in and becoming number one was never an expectation by anyone in CBS news.
And it shouldn't have been an expectation by anyone in the outside world.
We didn't expect it.
We knew she sucked and didn't belong there in the first place, like a fish out of water, baby, like taking your gold face and sticking it in the living room floor.
Expecting it to run around a little bit for you.
CBS bosses fear that her low ratings will hurt the prime time line up that follows confided the close source.
To make matters worse, critics are circling like sharks.
Better New York news they tell if you might have earned gay instead of the newscast.
It isn't working.
No kidding, Vern.
Sounds awfully gay to me.
Even former CBS anchor man Walter Cronkite offered his prescription, more hard news.
Walter likes it hard.
Whenever his tried to keep the national spotlight on his new anchor and Katie's first six weeks behind the anchor desk,
CBS news female correspondence received 40% fewer assignments than they did under Sheifer according to an industry publication.
Katie seems to be getting hit from every direction, getting criticism for hogging the spotlight, refusing to travel under soft news approach of the insider.
She's too freaking soft that bitch.
The important sweeps you're aiming for is upon them now and their secret meetings the network bosses decided Katie is fired if she can't bring the broadcasts up to release second place.
She knows the tends to that.
She is fired if she can't bring that to release second place.
You're all fired unless you know.
Right, it's kind of like they are worse being with Greg and Joe Rose.
However, CBS spoke when since Katie's doing great, everybody here is very excited about our progress since we're the only newscasts that's up while the others are down.
But the studio insider concluded while everyone is hoping for a miracle it's going downhill fast.
Good.
And well deserved okay, but a bunch of idiots putting her under it.
I mean just totally unqualified, totally out of place and fits like a glove in your nostril in your earlobe.
You know, as big rubber gloves that Ron Popeel sends you if you buy one of his trotskeys there.
No, those big rubber gloves that they stamp out like for about a half a penny a pair.
No.
867 votes.
You better get with Ron Popeel, Mr. He's your good buddy that said you that really need pasta machine and I'm sure you threw away a long time ago like I did with mine.
Yes.
You guys are like that.
I sure need one.
We don't laugh.
Oh, I was just talking about that.
Like how we were waiting for something.
We're apparently just like today.
We're meaning that something can happen.
Jesus, baby, I'm been rich.
You've been a woman.
I've got meat.
Now all the papers say.
You've got a lot of stuff like that.
Jesse's got a love and charm.
Yeah.
You put the baby in me yet.
Well the more papers you feed are.
Yeah.
And you play, you play.
Life is spicy.
Not that mine.
Yeah.
He's in trouble with seeing all.
Yeah.
Oh, look at that.
A big part of Kins and C.
Yeah.
Oh, by me and Meg at the bus.
This was not MLK Street.
There you are.
I'm hungry.
Get ready.
Round.
The obel offense with his huge girl.
He puts a bag.
Expense with suit and brand new joker.
Wait, wait, wait.
Wait a little bit back.
In the memory gave her a world.
Can we talk to me without me?
It makes you all up.
Jesse's got a love and charm.
Yeah.
Got a bad image of you.
Well the more papers you feed are.
Yeah.
You put the baby in a round and ready.
He likes his spicy.
Not that mine.
Yeah.
I'm gonna need some more money.
He's in trouble and we're just seeing.
Come on up.
Yeah.
You can put that brand in one of those big part of Kins and C.
Come on up.
Yeah.
Maybe there's some stuff in here.
And when his balance is in.
Yeah.
I know I can take a pick.
And this was not MLK Street.
I'm hungry baby.
That's what we all want.
A little something something baby.
In fact I'm looking for that story about Ryan Philippe and Reese Witherspoon.
Not that I give a crap about her but nevertheless.
And I told you Bob Barker's out.
You guys wouldn't believe me.
Bob Barker's going to the dogs and couldn't be happier.
The price is the right host who's calling the quits in June 2007.
Wants to spend the rest of his life involved with animal causes and being surrounded by loved ones.
That's sweet.
The wall.
After a number of health scares they soon to be 83.
You will realize that all work in Oplay doesn't make him happy.
And the side of the step down is the most familiar face on TV.
It was the hardest decision Bob has ever made a close source reveal.
But Bob has spent 50 years in TV.
35 of them hosting the prices right.
You know he used to be on truth of consequences.
Okay.
Now he's ready to vote more of his time with these activities and caring for his menagerie of pets.
Bob is going to pour whatever energy he has left into volunteering for animal rights causes.
And probably banging some of those Barker's beauties there from the prices right.
Yeah.
They have been sued.
Barker's hand is up and down.
He's weathered several lawsuits in the 90s brought by hostesses of the show with one legend.
He sexually harassed her ass.
He also went surgery to on-clog a blog article in 1999.
He's surgery in 2000 at prostate surgery in 2002.
All of these things.
Bob used to be able to balance the show with his private life said the source.
Now he craves more time to himself.
The health scare has really helped put him life and work in perspective.
Yadda yadda yadda.
For crying out loud he's got millions and millions and millions and millions.
I know.
Good God.
In fact, why not send us a little something something instead of giving them tall to manomules.
I was speaking to dogs.
Dog is a crackhead.
How about that?
It says instead of walking the straight and narrow eyewitnesses claim Dwayne Chapman is breaking the law.
And here's a picture of the dog.
It says, I've seen him so my stuff he couldn't get to his office to film his TV show as one source.
And here's a picture of a typical crack pipe.
I don't know if it's a typical crack pipe.
It says, I've seen him so my stuff he couldn't get to his office to film his TV show.
Dog is a crackhead.
Body hundreds of steps up to two grand a month.
Two grand a month on crack and you guys, the incident of your little something something that you should probably use.
Dwayne dog Chapman is a crackhead several hour witness sources of exclusive that they told you to inquire.
The mull of hered felon chaser has been smoking crack cocaine since at least 1995.
And he spent up to two grand a month on drugs.
That's more than even George Spence.
Well, almost.
And one of the most blatant examples of celebrity hypocrisy ever,
dog urges the lawbreakers he colors on his hit A&E show, Dog the Bounty Hunter, to go straight and kick drugs while he gets higher than a kite.
Sounds like a limbaugh to me, a pill-pop and rush.
And I want to sound like a hypocrite.
Dwayne Chapman is a phony.
I know because I'm his crack dealer tattooed blonde Linda Hygol, who's been selling drugs to Chapman since March 2005, told the inquire.
She, I don't know if she's the dealer.
I sold crack to him.
I sold crack by more than a hundred times and seen him so messed up he couldn't get to his office to film the damn TV show.
Chapman's former girlfriend, Dwayne the Duck, and also claims she smoked crack with him in 1995.
And again in Denver in 2005, Dog is a coca.
He snorts and smokes at any eats at Dwayne until the inquire.
He's eating it.
He way overdues it and he can't get enough.
Once I refused to give him any more drugs because I thought he was going to die, he was saying,
I'm dying on the hands.
Sip of the Port out for Chapman, who's top-rated chosen in third season after federal agents recently arrested his answer, actually addition to Mexico.
But the night before September 14th arrest, Linda says he brought $200 worth of crack from her.
And he bought another hundred dollars worth of crack from her before authorities hauled him off to jail the next day.
The extra-dition case is now on hold, but in the months, a lady was the rest chap in blue thousands of dollars on a wild drug spree.
Dog bought about $2,000 worth of crack a month for me for a year.
You're in a half-sid, Linda, who passed a polygraph test.
Oh, there's Barack Obama speaking.
There were quotes on the wall together.
If the water falls like rain.
That's your nice president, by the way.
And at some point, I know that one of my daughters will ask, perhaps my youngest,
that why is this monument here?
Honestana Halalajase, she'll say, and he'll say, what are you talking about, girl?
Anyway, he's great.
You don't like him as much as I do, but I'm telling you.
I wasn't saying that.
I don't know, just to...
I like him a lot.
Anyway, where is this?
He'd usually buy crack for me once or twice a week for hundreds of dollars at a time.
He'd paying cash so his wife bethwooden fine out, Linda.
The first time we did business was in March 2005.
Dwayne said he'd pay me two grand for girl and drugs.
I sold him five grams of crack, but he wasn't capable of having sex after we smoked it.
Shockingly, Chaplain smoked crack inside his awahu hawaii home,
while his children were sleeping in a corner in the honey like that,
where my children's sleep...
But it's smoking while they're awake.
If the kids were getting up, he'd go into the bathroom when his wife was sleeping.
We smoked outside in his car in the garden.
Oh, in the garden?
It's good for the plants.
Smoking crack also had figured severe paranoia in Chaplain's,
as Linda who has been two years in the Texas prison on murder charges.
I think he needs the illusionist on there.
What does his name, Chris, or a rock angel?
My freak.
The mind freak.
Or maybe just some other freak.
Dwayne would think someone was filming him,
or recording him, said, Linda, he'd run around the house checking the windows and doors
to make sure they were locked.
What's more, Chaplain who claims to be a boarder again, Christian,
even got high before taping a show at Cornell,
and he'd smoke all night before filming his TV show,
then he'd be too high to do the damn show,
Linda, who's moved from Hawaii to California to escape her druggy past.
Beth would be calling, cursing and saying,
I've got 20 producers here waiting for Dwayne,
but Dwayne wouldn't leave.
He wanted to stay and keep smoking crack.
I'd have to shove him into the shower, pour coffee down his throat,
and get him to take a vagum to bring him down.
Connie Chaplain was married to the Dog in the early 90s,
also said she wouldn't have this crack use first hand.
Of its queen.
Like Moses before him, he would never have lived.
There you go, Barack Obama.
He's just like Moses.
And were Moses speaking to drugs?
Sure.
Hold him, Moses.
Two years after we separated,
I went to his house after the kids were all home and dug up in the door.
He was smoking at a crack, Tony, told the inquirer.
The pipe was in his hand.
He said, mind your own business,
and physically threw me down six steps into the yard.
Dog is always talking about rehabilitating people on TV,
but I know him for the phony he is.
I can't stand his hypocrisy no more.
He kind of reminds me of Dr. Philip that'd be the case, you know?
Phony Baloney.
And Rush and all these others in that reverend.
Chaplain even smoked crack, Bervinted.
Even smoked crack with a son Christopher,
according to those close to the family.
Now 37, Christopher's in a Colorado jail.
Christopher told me he was smoking crack all the time with Dog in 96.
He blames Dog for getting him hooked on crack,
and so do I, as a glory of heck,
who raised Christopher from the time he was five.
Chaplain's ex-girlfriend, Delana, also confirmed
the bounty hunter he used drugs with Christopher.
One time I picked Dog up at a hotel in Denver.
He told me that he and Christopher had been smoking crack for five days,
said Delana, who also passed a polygraph test.
When contacted by the inquirer about claims by Linda Delana and Gloria
that he smoked crack, Chaplain said, there are a lion.
Asked if he ever smoked crack, he answered, why would I tell you that?
Then the insistent he has never smoked crack cocaine.
I think I have a lot of enemies right now because of this thing in Mexico.
Well, that must be it.
Right.
As far as Linda claims she only has Chaplain's best interest at heart.
I'm reviewing the truth about Dwayne to make him get help before it's too late.
I don't want him to die, she said.
I'm going to go out and have a drink, Bessar.
10.4205.670.
If you have an F at up, tell your escort.
There's a lot about the rejoins being there.
Cut down, see.
Clare's came in this morning and said that, you know,
he heard you whine and he's expecting like a girl.
And complaining about those really wonderful rejoins
that they spent so much time on to make sure
that only the best place.
Who said that?
Clarence.
I'll screw him.
I'm embellishing a little bit.
But we've got some shorter versions for years truly, for us, for the show.
Good.
On the other hand, just for us.
Just for us.
Because our audience doesn't want to hear like five minutes clips from the sports shows
that they're listening to in the first place.
But if they did listen in the first place they would have already heard them.
Is that what you're trying to say?
Great.
All this big market radio?
For all those trainees, they're never happy, never been made and they heard all alone.
I'll catch some sound on W-I-N-Z.
When there's a hurricane, blow a wave, it's still the month of May.
From 2 to 6, I guess you say what can make me feel that way for you.
Talking about sandwiches and leisure.
I've got so much more than a piece of meat.
It's just a little color while it's smoking on a stokey.
I guess you say what you say to six W-I-N-Z sandwiches.
Talking about sandwiches and leisure.
Hey hey hey!
Hey hey hey!
Wooo!
Yeah!
I don't need your station on my radio.
I got my credit box in favor which is an agent on my radio.
All together now, hold on.
I guess you say W-I-N-Z-Z sandwiches.
Talking about sandwiches and leisure.
Oh man!
We've got a start.
Exactly back to memories of W-I-N-Z-Z-Z.
I was horrible on the year.
I wonder if Stan is still alive.
Where are they now?
Stan arrived in Tampa in the mid-70s.
He's having been successful talk for a rams in New Orleans.
Kansas City in Milwaukee.
He also covered the Vietnam War for NBC News in 1969 and 1970.
I'm looking through this thing and I don't see any credit about what?
Any current events?
Monog.
Stan says my most vivid recollection of the W-I-N-Z-Z-Z-Z-Z-Z-Z.
And that's Tampa with the FBI instructions.
How to enter and start my car and I can blow the pieces.
Not blow the pieces, blow the pieces.
The minute I hit town I started doing a bunch of shows on the Kennedy assassination
because good old Santos Taviketti was there along with great lunch, former CIA big of C-I-Bab
pigs later in a great here in the Miami Cubans.
In fact, I had gray on one night and looked straight in the eye and asked him if he had any part in killing JFK.
I don't think I've ever been in position to ask a question like that before or since.
He said no of course, but then I asked him if he knew any of his Cuban compatriots who wanted JFK dead and he said,
yes.
Stan said the show went well in ratings but everyone got messed up with an attempt by the team cheers to organize the station's personnel.
We were all gone shortly after that.
There's nothing in here about WWE and W-I-N-Z by any of that stuff, like he was never even in the market for Christ's sakes.
He returned to the tap area in the early 90s to begin a America's first live all-life program at the Sun Radio Network.
The first two years he was based in Clearwater.
His national show was heard on about 500 stations overnight and you're pretty including our assistive stations here in Tampa,
Orlando and West Palm Beach, it says.
How do you like that?
So I guess he's still alive, this is a 2002 Ted Webb.
You have any idea who to let a wicked Webb weave when we practice to be weave?
So I don't know what's going on with him.
I know I still have a gut, my money and it's a good investment.
To that we don't take any calls, maybe that phone will be ran, we'll be standing on the phone right there.
Hey, Stan, go away, sure.
That's another reason not to take any.
943 calls on the pool, we'll be doing 1000 before you can say, Kirsty, Ella's a cow.
She is, oh, brother.
She is just a gargantuan and believe me, from one fat pig to another.
So did you see any of that because they showed clips of it, I mean, all over the news.
Does she, her big Oprah debut when she showed off her new body wearing a body stocking to hold on her body?
From her fat actress, Kirsty Ella is hiding a shocking liposuction secret from her fans.
She's facing plastic surgery to finish off her dramatic transformation, say sources.
Kirsty, who bravely plotted her figure in a bikini on the Oprah show, which you were just babbling about November 6th,
has said in interviews that she'll never have plastic surgery,
but inside this particular soon be seeing me a different tune.
The new Kirsty, they say, is actually considering liposuction to trim down the problem areas that have been resistant to her weight loss efforts.
Kirsty has thrilled with all the way she's managed to lose, but there's still some extra pounds nagging or no kidding.
Although she claims to have lost 75 pounds in a year by following a strict diet and exercise program, Jenny Craig.
And he calls Jenny yet?
Tina, you've been a genius.
Cuckoo, now.
The 55-year-old cow can't lose the fat and her thighs and legs and his spurt say only surgery can give her the figure she craves.
Dr. Bruce Nailer, a New York-based plastic surgeon and personal trainer believes that a little nip and tuck would make hercy look fantastic.
I think a little fun.
What would you do it?
Sorry, wrong button.
Right now she looks disproportionate to the doctor and it looks like two different people are joined at the waist.
Like they're from two different worlds.
By Jane Morgan and Roger Williams on cap records.
Dr. Nailer explains that because women tend to stir fat in their thighs,
an additional weight loss would probably come from curses already spelt upper body, not her lower half.
It has spelt like a bossy of the LC-Dabordon cow.
And it goes on.
Carrick, she can't have the surgery right away because it would be a violation of her Jenny Craig contract.
She admits she got fat the old thousand weight by eating too much.
She claims she'd down 8,000 calories a day during her feeding frenzy days and ballooned up to a whopping 220 pounds before becoming Jenny Craig.
Sposed person, the former cheers actresses thrilled with the results.
She's a tamagini Craig.
But because she can't seem to lose the incision of her thighs, she's reconsidering the LIPO.
And anyway, here's the story that everybody is hanging on the edge of the seat at least I am.
Reese is 100 million dollar divorced turns ugly.
Plus the drugs, the affairs and the cruelty.
Here's a picture of Reese, which by the way, she looks pretty good to me here in Spain.
You're always calling her a pig.
She is ugly.
She's not ugly in this picture, man.
Maybe it's a good photo.
She looks almost as good photo as a man, you know, white being a good angle.
She looks really good.
I'm telling you the truth.
The next question is here, Abby Cornish.
Who?
Abby Cornish and Ryan Filippearnitam says one game hand.
Cornish.
The bombshell.
Okay.
It's said, well, maybe you don't want to hear about this.
I don't want to hear about it.
I don't want to hear about it.
First, what's his name? Ryan's in it.
I don't know her name.
Reese with this phone suffered years with a husband from hell who badly betrayed her before
she ended her marriage source and say, Ryan Filippe carried on a string of elicit affairs
used drugs.
Well, Reese 30, but 30, man.
It's hard to make their 70-year marriage work for the sake of their children, Abba, Seventh
and Deacon Tree, and Aquar Investigation reveals no more sources who say that Ryan 32,
repeatedly humiliation the deligally blonde beauty behind her back.
And if you look like him, you'd be getting the order you could too.
Despite Ryan's bad behavior, he could clean up at the bank since the couple reportedly
didn't sign a prenup.
Under California law, earnings during a marriage are divided 50-50, and it's taken their
divorcees $100 million thanks to Reese's mega rise at the Hollywood Box Orifice.
The couple announced their split October 30 after Reese heard rumors that Ryan was cheating
with Australian actress Abby Cornish 24.
Cornish and I is having anything to do with the breakup of the marriage.
A remorseful, Ryan left Reese and ominous note they read, say goodbye to the kids for
me, so the source goes to the couple.
And ominous note, say goodbye to the kids and up yours, honey.
Bitch.
The tinsel town, twosome appeared blissfully happy when they wed June 5, 99, three months
before daughter Ava's birth.
Their troubles began after their son Deacon was born in Sparrow Lotta control when Reese's
fee soared to $29 million a film after she won Oscar for Walk the Line.
Ryan lost interest in Reese, especially after Deacon's births at the source.
Maybe she was like sloppy and saggy, I think that was it?
Maybe you...
Sources claim Ryan, what the hell was that?
I don't know.
Crap.
Sources say Ryan stayed in spring 2004 straight, even stayed in East Rape, while feminine chaos
in Vancouver.
He cheated with a woman he met at the cactus club cafe across the street from the open
hotel where he stayed.
She's very petite, much like Reese, but she has big boobs and long dark hair set inside
her Vancouver.
She's got big, big, beautiful boobs and long dark hair.
Ryan invited her to club bar none one night with him and an active pal.
How come they didn't go to 54?
Ryan and the woman left the pal at the bar went upstairs to talk, they ended up spending
that night and several more nights together doing all sorts of acrobatic and things.
Up and down in and out, one morning Ryan got up and began to chat with Reese and their kids
on his webcam while the woman had just had sex with...
Was in the next room.
How do you like that?
Like, one no thing.
Mm-hmm.
When they inquired her asked the woman if she had had a sexual relationship with Ryan,
she answered, no comment.
Shockingly, Ryan's alleged extramarital high-ducing van Coover don't end there.
Ryan was notorious for calling over waitresses at clubs and asked them to bend down like he
was going to whisper something in their in their rear.
When they did, he'd stick his nose as close as he could with their necks.
After taking a huge sniff, he'd tell them how great they smelled.
The guy was a pig.
At least he didn't stick his nose in their rectum that we know of.
I guess you knew how that's...
Hey, great smell.
Prashed are also dropped by Brandy's nightclub, the same van Coover strip club, Ben Aflach
visited when he cheated on J-Lo with guys, probably.
Ryan looked over every dance he would pass by and said, a source he later said he accompanied
one stripper to a second former massage parlor where he bragged about the hot-law hot-time
they had together.
And it goes down and on and on.
Who cares, you know?
She looks really good in this picture.
You'd be very impressed.
That's fun.
I was just watching a movie with her in it over the weekend.
It wasn't a bad movie, but boys, she ugly.
I'm going to tell you, this picture she looks absolutely beautiful.
Only she looked like that.
It's not a profile picture, is it?
No.
You can see how miss shape and she is from the side.
But Paul just had a lower jaw, jutting out like she was kind of a troll.
Yeah, I think Ryan's jutting out too.
Some biggest names, some best talents, the best is Neil Rogers.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
I'm not going to go to the toilet.
I'm not going to go to the toilet.
I'm not going to go to the toilet.
I'm not going to go to the toilet.
I'm not going to go to the toilet.
I'm not going to go to the toilet.
I'm not going to go to the toilet.
I'm not going to go to the toilet.
I'm not going to go to the toilet.
I'm not going to go to the toilet.
I'm not going to go to the toilet.
I'm not going to go to the toilet.
I'm not going to go to the toilet.
I'm not going to go to the toilet.
I'm not going to go to the toilet.
I'm not going to go to the toilet.
I'm not going to go to the toilet.
I'm not going to go to the toilet.
I'm not going to go to the toilet.
I'm not going to go to the toilet.
I'm not going to go to the toilet.
I'm not going to go to the toilet.
I'm not going to go to the toilet.
I'm not going to go to the toilet.
I'm not going to go to the toilet.
I'm not going to go to the toilet.
I'm not going to go to the toilet.
I'm not going to go to the toilet.
I'm not going to go to the toilet.
I'm not going to go to the toilet.
The kids in Tennessee, of course, have probably two eyes in the back of his neck, but never to less.
At least then, he can see where he's going, and where he's been.
You, 1104 at 560 WDQM, free at last, Freedom Loving Chris Rock has rocked his family, launching divorce,
receiving his wife in the early ten years because marriage made him feel in
prison sources say. I don't know what he's talking about. The popular comic is
Sarah the High Power Divorce that's during the help of Meshad Malik, Compton Rock,
Chris 41 and Malik 37 have been a happy for a long time. Chris never wanted to
be married in the first place. He felt pressured as he became a star to get married
and have a family Ross be labeled as gay or in some way on wholesome. Chris tried
to make the relationship work for the sake of the couple's daughters Lolo
for him, Zara too, but he's always wanted to be out on the town instead of a
family man. The couple married in the November 1996 temporarily split in the
summer 98 because of Chris's celebrity lifestyle focusing on girls,
glitz and glamour. The film of Enkamek enjoyed kicking up his heels with Hollywood
pals including Madonna, a date made of his before marrying Malik. In
early November the couple finally released it was time to call it quits. It was
nothing personal against Malik. She's a beautiful person and Chris does
he couldn't have asked for a better mother for his children but time to move on.
He said he always felt marriage was like being in jail. George, yeah,
it's a nice one. The actress is denied that the comic-fell trap by the marriage but
the source concluded Chris always felt marriage was just like being in jail.
Although in jail there's more sex. And in the quilter and tragedy in the
cash since he was a son dice he's made two and a half million, selling photos of
her son her new baby and a staged commitment ceremony with her lawyer. He sold
the last photos of Daniel for a reported 650 grand. He made an estimated
million dollars for selling pictures of a fake wedding to a lawyer
companion Howard Case Stern. The former playmate then banked a million
dollars selling her first interview since Daniel's death and a video of her
daughter's birth. She is a nasty, hateful bitch slut. God, how do you like that?
Exploding her? Well, we already knew about that. And the phone. She's classy. Yeah,
98 votes. I guarantee you by the time that our first break of the hours over we're
gonna have a thousand votes. Then we can go home and feel like we had a big
accomplishment. We got mad dog at 2 today. The power hour with a humber in a
mad dog between 4 and 5. What you could have touched with that if he wanted
to listen to the like in the old days back in the day when we had those long
rejoins. Now what did he actually say to you? I want to hear I don't want to
hear you in dollars. I'm making up crap. What did he say? He said I heard Neil
complaining about those rejoins in the late that then so I gave Josh a list of
short rejoins for you guys to play on your show. Right. As opposed to playing
a money other show we're having a tune I was okay I guess. Well, they love them
on the other shows. I'm don't crap. BS. Oh BSL 990 votes on the poll. What's your
take on these polls? What do you think? What are you thinking? They're fine
751. Once a week is good 97. And I'll be good once a week. I hate this
poll 56 as in 5.6% look at all the 56s in there man. I think it's an old
man. They suck 43 the polls suck and get rid of them 43. Well that's not even
9% between those last two. They overwhelmingly like the poll. I mean what's
not fine if you don't like it. Don't vote on it that's all. No, that's not good.
Stay away from it. That's what Ryan Folliet told Reese with his phone. Keep your
hands off it if you don't like it. Keith Ollerman taps the well of this
content as the anti-Oriole to while Katie Kirk is on the verge of
infired Keith is and with an up in the world. By the way that line about pick her
up by the feet and eat her like a shrimp. Yeah. That one bit. Yeah. No it was
hysterical. I love that line. I think you can play that again. Just that
thing. Keith Ollerman just needed to find his voice. He'd been a drool sports
cast or a serious news anchor and a big man critic of Fox News host Bill O'Reilly.
But none of these personas really clicked. And he found one. A little over
a year ago as the White House fumbled in botched the Katrina recovery.
Ollerman finally blew up. He concluded a broadcast of his MSNBC cable news
show Countdown with an indignant rant in the red attack cadence of his idle
Edward Armoural. He called it a special comment. And just like that Ollerman
found his voice the angry every man. He became a liberal counterpart to
conservative media writers like O'Reilly and Rush Limblane and Internet
star too. The result has been a cultural earthquake. Oh my God. Now you like
that a cultural earthquake. You know Keith. Here's what happened over
me. Have happened over me and said the phone interview this week. Five
years ago when I 11 50% of the country went quiet. There was this self-imposed
censorship. Suddenly it became unimaginable to criticize the administration.
No one else was brave or stupid enough to say I don't remember signing that
document. Today Ollerman is hot in every sense of the word. He likes to say that
the first step in creating one of his blister ring at a twirls is to get pissed
off and that's certainly how he sounds. If you do understand that getting pissed off.
Get me fired up when I hear someone say that. Right I do understand. But there's
something more to it too. Contributus may hate his attacks but no one doubts
that he comes across as one of the smarter guys in the room. When he laid
into the then secretary of defense down with Rumsfeld August 30th he threw
references to Naval Chamberlain the policy of appeasement. Let's see it NBC
network anchor Brian Williams pull that off. Not that he would try it. Broadcast
networks are not interested in the controversy. Ollerman says well maybe they
better start thinking about it. I think since MSNBC general manager that
punk Dan Abrams the Keith Ollerman may be a model for the newscast of the
future and sure Abrams is going to say that because he's Ollerman's boss.
Besides the MSNBC ratings have been on a roll lately. He helped by the 67%
jump of viewership for Ollerman show in the year since he began channeling Howard.
I'm as mad as I'm not going to take this anymore. Beel from the way I work. How do you
like that? He's channeling Howard Beel. But there's something more at work here
a possible new model for the next stage of electronic media. Ollerman isn't
just getting more viewers. He's getting more views lots and lots more. It may have
been the Rumsfeld piece that struck an herb captured on you. It was emailed all over
the country and watched it again and again a month after it appeared on
countdown. It had been seen more than a hundred thousand times. I was told that
this thing was flying all around the various places he says to hear that as
many of the more people were seeing it there than when seen the original was
amazing. Not only was it a rock solid indication, rock solid. It
Ollerman was pulling younger viewers but there was legitimate proof that he
could move product as well. The day the Rumsfeld piece aired, peer orders for
Ollerman's new book The Worth Person in the World, placed at 19,000
on MSNBC.com's bestseller list according to MediaBeastro.com and Media News
website. After the commentary aired, the book moved to 19. From 19,000 to 19.
A little bit of a move, wouldn't you say? Oh, bet. It's 10 to 11 of what Ollerman calls
the proverbial ripples on the pond. Not that he needed the book sales to convince him
wherever he goes, people rush up to him tell him they've seen one of his special
comments and that he speaks for them. Six weeks ago, Ollerman says a woman burst into
tears. I was at a restaurant with my girlfriend and she came up to me and started
crying. Suddenly, everyone wants Ollerman. Last week, he and political veteran Chris Matthews
teamed up to anchor MSNBC's mid-Termolation coverage. The result, Abrams called it a
major turning point for this network. Ratings run across the board and recovered a 254-age
demographic, increased 111 percent from the 2002 mid-Termolation. What's next? I expect
to see Ollerman leave in more mainstream settings. The next one thing he is resisting, however,
is pressure to produce more special comments. He has to feel him. He says otherwise I'll
turn into a cartoon myself. He'll be saying. Certainly, it is the passion that carries
the day. As Abrams says, keep this in faking. This and the viewers can see that. But
everyone is asking over in the same question. With the result of the election and the
resignation of Rumsfield, we're really fine targets. I'm giving the Democrat six months,
he says, and then they may be in for some special comments of their own. Don't think he's
kidding. He's found a point of view and he isn't afraid to use it. Keep Ollerman, I count
down eight to nine PM MSNBC Monday through Friday. You go key haven. Yeah, he's out, Keith.
He's the great white hope. And we got a thousand more than votes. Holy moly. I can't believe
that. Can you? I believe it. What is the significance of that? Is there any significance?
No, absolutely none. We should have put that on there too. Like who gives a crap. But
you know, you know, you whatever that there is, is that a point no matter what the brilliant
pull question is that Sean or one of our listeners or that maybe even I have come up with
on it, I can do it which is unlikely. And George's answer is, whatever, I couldn't give
a rest. He couldn't care less than he wants you to know that too. Because he's a hard
ass. He's a little hearted and bivalent about things that don't affect my life. That's
right. Me too. Just like the poor result. I keep saying, oh, we can get you out and
do you anybody really think I care? No. First now. What do I care? The only number is
I care about other ones in that paycheck. Are you drudged back in? My fellow Americans.
This is your president, George W. Bush. And I know that like me, many of you were upset
with North Korea's nuclear perlif-prif getting nukes. We are poised on the break of a serious
stow down here folks. And one makes matters worse. But North Koreans have called us quote
gangster lock. I'm here to tell you not we are not gangsters. Because that's just how
we roll.
I'm here to tell you not we are not gangsters.
I'm here to tell you not we are not gangsters. I'm here to tell you not we are not gangsters.
I'm here to tell you not we are not gangsters. I'm here to tell you not we are not gangsters.
I'm here to tell you not we are not gangsters. I'm here to tell you not we are not gangsters.
We are a thousand thirty one votes on the pool and seven hundred and sixty friends on my
space on my space page. I have no idea whether that's good or not. For a judge says for an old
fact like me, it's pretty good. That's damn good. You old fact. The US embassy in Indonesia
warned today that demonstrations over a visit by US president George W. Bush could turn
violent and told Americans to be vigilant and avoid protest areas. They hit him like poison.
Bush is getting to make a short visit to Indonesia, the world's most popular Muslim nation.
And in ally in the US anti terrorism efforts in Asia on November 20th.
There have already been protests from hardline Muslim groups in the run up to the visit.
Separately in opposition party is criticized the construction of helicopter pads and the 87 hectare by botanical gardens in
Bogor a scenic town in the foothills near Jakarta. Hector. Hector Lopez used to play third base for the Yankees.
Bush is meeting with Indonesian president Yodni Hanyo, Yodo whatever's name is.
We'll take place at a palace in the gardens and massive securities expected in around Bogor.
While the Zidemag group's intended demonstration to be peaceful, any demonstration can turn confrontational and escalate into violence.
Yes! The US embassy sent a statement sent to American citizens in Indonesia.
The embassy urges Americans to avoid the areas announced its demonstration sites to avoid crowds, maintain low profile.
And be vigilant about security at all times. By Indonesian standards, the protests so far while frequent have been relatively small and peaceful.
But on Saturday a low-grade bomb went off at a Jakarta outlet of the US-based ANW restaurant.
And it's an insumlocal media link to Bush's visit. How do you like that?
They brought a bomb right they came out of the roller skates and they brought a bomb right to your car.
That's sweet. Special delivery.
1334 votes on that poll for those poll watchers. We got a lot of people out there keep track. They charted.
They charted. You want to know why? I have no line.
Because they got nothing else to do.
So Stan I guess is doing a syndicated morning show. America breakfast of champions. Something like that. I guess.
And you know I scoured the internet during the breaks there. I don't know why. Where did that come from?
I don't know.
Well, I was looking because between now and the end of the year I want to play like a lot of stuff we haven't played in a long time old.
All down the road.
Look at that.
Oh yeah. Stan Major.
No, I knew it was talking about 6.7.
W-1.
You better play the lead.
That must be the last show.
You missed this.
Well then what the hell is your problem?
Kane is in New York style, huh?
Well he was doing show. I don't want Kane back. I can show you this.
Well then who do you want?
I do do you want Alan Turner?
I'll put that.
I think you want Joe, you're in old?
So what's that?
Then what the hell do you want in the air?
Silence?
Is that all we have to show?
What do you give me a name?
But is that all?
Who do you want?
Is that all we have to kind of content?
Do you want Daring 2 to 6?
I can't.
Here is the next Stan Major show.
This afternoon is two. A new stop radio 6th and WIOD.
So anybody at Binary and Neat Wreswash lately?
Or have us in Milky Way Dark Candy Bar?
Do you refer into it?
Yes.
I'll get to it. I'll get to it. I'll get to your buddy Capriot.
Oh and that's another bad thing about not taking any calls. Capriot can't call on any more.
Like I said.
Nah. And I like Captain Dave. He's a good guy.
He's a good guy. He's a good guy.
Anyway speaking of Bush's problems in Indonesia,
everywhere around the world where he's reviled, in fact they asked him in Finland.
What do you think about President Bush? They said,
Humbin Dread.
President George W. Bush's response was swift and the size of him a little late.
After voters gave Republicans a thump and act of polls,
handing Democrats control of both House of Congress,
Bush banishes contentious defense secretary,
and finally present the leaders of the new House and Senate to lunch,
and suffer through two pain photo ops with Pelosi and Harry Reid.
And what did the President get for listening to the voice of the American people?
The worst approval rating of his presidency?
Bush's job approval rating has fallen to just 31 percent
according to the news we pull. How do you like that?
Bill Clinton's lowest rating during his presidency was 36 percent.
Bush's father was 29, and Reagan's lowest was 35 percent.
Jimmy Carter's was 28. Nixon's lowest 23.
Just 24 percent approval by going into defense secretary,
here I'm on Garingiromis Bell's performance,
and 31 percent approval of Dick Taney.
So at least they're even Steve in any way,
31 for era, Bush 31 for Cheney.
31 percent. Worst of all, most Americans are writing off the rest of Bush's presidency.
Two thirds, 66 percent believe he'll be unable to get much done
up from 56 percent in October poll.
Thank God he won't be able to get much done.
Only 32 percent believe he can be effective.
But the new poll carries sobering news for Democrats to still on their post-victory high,
just about everyone believes the Republicans lost to the midterms
more than the Democrats wanted.
That would certainly go along with that.
Well, there's Dan Rather. What was that all about?
Take the far doubt.
What was that all about right there?
Did you see Danny Boy?
No.
Presented with a list of factors that may have contributed to the Democrats' success,
85 percent of Americans said the major reason was disapproval
of the administration's handling of the war in Iraq.
71 percent said disapproval of the Bush's overall job performance.
67 percent said it is satisfactorily not only Republicans
of handling government spending and the audio.
And I hope much of other numbers.
And nobody wants to be including me.
Ponderous.
When Venezuela's leftist president Hugo Chava
is called President Bush the devil in the U.N.
speech in September, many thought his anti-imperialist rhetoric
had reached rock bottom, but...
And I see the right-hand margin this is chopped off.
And I'm...
You know something?
I'm using Firefox exclusively.
How the hell is this possible?
Huh?
I don't know.
I give up.
First steps have since been plundered by Venezuela government
to judge recent events officially regardless of Bush as a genocidal Nazi
who arranged the 9-11 terrorist attacks to justify aggression against other nations.
In a speech last week, Chava's criticized the decision of Iraqi court
to sentence dictator Saddam Hussein to the death penalty.
If sentencing has been done, Hugo said the first one to be given
the most severe sentence of this planet should be the president.
And we already talked about that last week, and we asked.
He said he should have been hung.
His comments which were fairly typical of his recent attacks on Bush
came shortly after the publication of a resolution by Venezuela's legislative
National Assembly describing the 9-11 attacks as self-inflicted.
After an exhibition at the Foreign Ministry in Caracas in which Bush was portrayed as a
Nazi storm trooper.
I think that's right on.
Spot on.
Would you say so?
I would.
Chava's inform minister Nicols Maduro have referred several times to suspicions
that the 9-11 attacks were planned by the Bush administration and called for an inquiry.
Ah, yadi yadi.
Well, there you go.
But of course, the Democrats now is not going to be any impeachment you understand
and they oppose the innocent and the only deal.
All of a sudden, they're wishy-washy and of course, Harry Reid, who's a dead man in the suit.
That when Harry Reid is driving, they do a breathalyzer.
They're not the CV's drunk just to see if he's still breathing.
He is a dead man in the suit, I would say.
When you say that?
Yes.
I sure if I didn't say anything important in this inquiry.
Sharon's basic instinct is back.
Do we care about that old bag anymore?
No.
Rinkly and nasty.
Penny Marshall is the first class which, when she flies coats,
do we care about that old bag?
No.
Whitney saves her house from foreclosure.
Do we care about that psychotic nut?
No.
Martha versus Rachel Ray.
The most ridiculous schemes to survive against talk show newcomer.
Do we give a crap about either of them?
No.
Tom Cruise is what?
It's not like Rachel Ray is so great.
She's just not Martha Stewart who we hate so we hope that.
You go, Rachel, that's right.
And she's a dwarf.
A dwarf?
Yes.
Tom Cruise is pitstop.
Do we care about Tom?
I'm less easy to come out.
Pitstop.
Yeah, pitstop.
I made a pitstop at a tea room somewhere.
X-pal, X-gal-pal, fierce, Keith can't stay clean sober.
Keith Urban.
Oh boy.
Nicole Pregnant, but baby joy ruined by threaded doors.
How do you like that?
He's finally pregnant but her marriage to Keith Urban is a mess.
Well, I guess who cares?
Who the hell is he anyway?
Is something kind of, country dude?
You know it.
Is he?
Oh yeah.
No.
Do you hear something?
No.
Well, I don't want to hear no Keith Urban.
Maybe the little Keith suburban.
Borat, Banks and Clothes encounter over sex gag.
That's CLO, THES, Clothes encounter.
I don't want to read this.
Anyway, Jarsaw they've arrived and we'll be thought it was great.
Some of the funniest crap I've seen in a long time.
Good.
In other sightings during the week we zeroed in on Jake Yulehal to his death known,
a fine party and crap store in Hollywood.
He was there with the gorgeous brunette but they didn't appear to be an item.
The couple was goofing around like best friends and when they both spotted a young lovely
in line, Jake Scalp-Hallers and the go-word sort of conversation with a pretty stranger,
Jake seemed too shy and couldn't pull it together to go talk to her.
Oh, it says.
Oh, poor Jake.
Give me a break.
Jake, take it.
Put away your snake.
20 supporters Danny Boyd and rather.
If you had the better, I think you'd have to bet that we'll have Brit Love.
That's not my hope and there is a possibility that if...
Poor Danny Boyd, man.
Look at that hot pad Danny.
Look what we got now.
Katie Curry.
She's been fired since the incredible or being fired or might be fired or somebody's talking
about her waiting stuff to make a long story short and show this to you.
Anybody with a brain?
No she didn't belong on here.
She's a newsreader like I'm a rocket scientist.
I'm a genius.
Just as clear and still tell you I'm a moron.
Especially when it comes to radio.
What the hell could I know?
Right.
Look at those old demographics, man.
Look at those big old numbers we got, huh?
27 past 11 at 560 WQM.
Mad Dog at 2 in the net power hour baby.
And then we got the Humber who's...
...telling those skilled men at record levels.
That was funny.
How's Gary Surnodon, by the way?
Is he still alive or...
How's he doing what?
Whatever.
He's with the kosher.
Sure.
To guard your breath are beautiful.
This is I with this view.
It's Dr. Phil.
The crack at, it's staying at your house.
What happened?
One of them defecated in my roses.
And another one made love to my lawn cherub.
Phil, where the...
What?
What am I supposed to do?
Get them to leave.
How do you feel, man?
How do I feel?
How do you feel when he spits in your face
and calls you disgusting nights?
Stand in there looking goofy!
Shut up!
Dude, get them out of here.
Did it feel good?
Look, I don't want feelings there, be.
I want the naked homeless guy to put his pants on
and stop pulping my chihuahua.
I'm a damn sexist, can you?
Number 32, 28th till noon, Dr. Phil, man.
Has he got some teller or what?
I don't know.
1966 votes on the poll.
Aren't you whipped up about that?
No.
A California man suspected of mainly threatening letters
containing a suspicious white powder
to celebrities, US politicians, has been arrested
and could face federal charges that are there to be,
if we are said.
We still have got no idea.
Just in case you were keeping track or maybe you forgot
about the people who sent the...
Amtrak.
Right.
We have no clue who did that,
not even any more persons of interest.
But investigators identified Chad Castigana,
39 of Woodland Hills, California,
as the first suspect of sending more than a dozen threatening letters
to media outlets and the homes of public figures
in various cities, the FBI, said in the statement last night.
According to the federal search warrant,
among those who received threatening letters,
were John Stewart Accommodies,
a centels that Ailey Show,
Toscio-Hose David Letterman,
Keith Obermann of MSNBC,
representative Nancy Pelosi of California,
and Senator Chuck Schumer of New York.
The document filed on Friday,
US District Court in LA,
said multiple people in various cities,
including New York and San Francisco,
received letters over the past three months
that contain an unknown white powder
in various written threats.
In some cases, the threatening letters
had included expressions such as
bent to demagogues and references to Alan Berg,
a Jewish talk radio host murdered by white supremacist in Denver in 1984.
Test determined that the white powder sent in letters was
non-hasutist, the statement said.
Cast again, it was a recent Saturday,
there's so much expected to make an initial
parents and federal court today.
In 2001, as we well remember,
pottery anthrax forced in letters
to news organizations in government offices
in Florida, Washington, elsewhere.
Killed five people, made at least 17 people ill,
and those cases still haven't been solved.
But they're working fever-shed,
and you can be sure of that, aren't they?
Oh, that's what they say.
And how about Osama Yamamoto,
we got him in Mulla Bula Omar,
and finally got them in the yard.
We're gonna smoke him out of their holes.
We're in a smoke-em-out, man.
We're gonna doubt smoke him out.
Speaker in waiting, the Maussey Nancy Pelosi,
threw his support behind Representative John Murther
for Majority Leader yesterday,
giving a significant boost to Big Fag John
and his race against Representative Steny Hoyer.
I've worked out of a name as Steny anyway, huh?
Though your strong voice for national security,
the war on Tehran Iraq provides
a genuinely leadership for our party,
and I count on you to continue to lead on these vital issues.
Pelosi worked on Murther yesterday,
and letter obtained by the Heal.
I wonder if that's a great relationship with Len Heal.
Speaking of that.
You know, I don't think we can play that bit anymore, either.
Which one day I hate the bird?
Yeah, well, I know we can't.
I mean, if you missed the Neil Rogers show yesterday,
on 610WILD, you missed this.
Is this the bird?
Yeah.
Bird, how you doing?
Okay.
Listen, do me a favor, play anything,
because I can't stand listening to you.
Are you starting to like a dude?
Do you want to play anything?
Well, can I ask you a question before you go?
Oh, God, you sound so stupid.
I hate to talk to you.
Yeah, go ahead.
Why did you call me?
I didn't call you.
No, no, just to tell you not to say anything.
Just play something.
Oh, God can't stand it.
Well, then why are you listening?
I'm going to play something already.
Why won't you answer me?
I can't stand it.
You won't see who I'll talk to me.
Oh, we got a car here.
Hello.
Anyway, as the House Democrats on Challenge Leader Pelosi
is considerable sway over her colleagues.
She and Martha have long been close allies,
but until now, she hadn't interfered in the majority
of her leader race.
Santino, don't interfere.
Remember that, Mama Crowley?
That's right.
Don't interfere.
For endorsement as the vote that we don't talk business at the table.
For endorsement as the vote ends on turn the race,
especially if she chooses to campaign on Martha's behalf,
Pelosi's decision to back-murth is the most significant move she has made
since Democrats scored that historic victory election day.
The biggest movement she's made since the visit to the bowl.
Reacting to the leader, Hoyer said her support for Martha
was no surprise.
Nancy told me sometime ago she'd personally support Jack.
I respect her decision as it's her very close, he said,
I'm grateful for the support I have from my colleagues,
and I have the majority of the caucus supporting me.
I look forward to working with Speaker Pelosi as majority leader,
but about about, but whatever.
Anybody interested in this graph?
No, I'm not.
No.
We have a 178 votes on the poll.
Like I said, now the election's over what now?
Right?
Right, now we wait.
Wait for what?
For something.
They better do something, too.
Well, what color are they going to do?
MP or crimes?
They're going to be in the polls.
A Chinese submarine stopped the US aircraft carrier battle group
in the Pacific Lies month, and surfaced within firing range of its
torpedoes and missiles before being detected.
Oh, my God.
The Washington Times has learned the surprise encounter highlights
China's continuing efforts to prepare for a future conflict
with the US despite Pentagon efforts to try to boost relations
with Beijing's communist rule party.
Communists of communist, you see, they were first those
communistists, baby.
The submarine encounter with the USS Kinney Hawk,
and its accompanying warships also as an embarrassment to the
commander of US forces in the Pacific Admiral William J.
Fallon, who is engaged in an ambitious military exchange
program, would China aimed at improving relations between the
two nations and militaries?
I wonder if he's related to the British jockey Kevin Fallon.
I think that's his name.
You know, Kevin Fallon?
He had no front.
He had no front.
I'll say to that.
The slurs of the incident comes to Saturn.
Will Gary Admroll, Gary Ruffhead,
the US Navy,
and the US Navy,
who is making his first visit to China.
There's nothing like Ruff VI.
The force of Admroll was scheduled to meet
senior Chinese military leaders during the weeklong visit,
which began over the weekend.
According to the defense officials, the Chinese song,
classed diesel-powered attack submarine,
shattered the Kinney Hawk undetected, and surfaced within five miles
of the carrier October 26.
The surface submarine was spotted by routine surveillance flight
by one of the carrier's group planes.
The Kinney Hawk battle group includes an attack submarine,
anti-submarine helicopters,
that are charged with protecting the warships from submarine attack.
According to the officials, these submarines equipped with Russian
made wake homing torpedoes and anti-ship cruise missiles,
and it goes on and on.
Got to watch that movie while we fight, but you won't.
When the war business, is that what he said?
That's the push-by-stremel wartime president?
That's our only export anymore.
Maybe we can use the wartime consul, Yeri.
Not a wartime president.
Tophead Jenko, look what we got.
So let me tell you why clearance came in there and told you about
those short re-joins, and that's because obviously you know this,
because you had lunch last week with Joe Bell.
I'm sure that was because the oil was going to be playing
in your herd me on a year.
And it wasn't his decision.
It's because Joe Bell told him, get those long,
ponderous re-joins out of there.
You're killing me on your killing list,
like the list-n-ship.
You jackass, you idiot.
You're fair.
Right.
That's why.
I mean the audience knows that, uh-oh Senator Carl Lavin speaks
to reporters about Iraq, it's a bulletin.
The contingencies that were likely to face-
It's those bifocals back up there.
Untraditional.
I can't believe I had it dumped myself again.
Oh well.
Isn't that what they're called?
Yeah.
Bifocals.
My knees buckle.
They can't hold me right today.
And Mr. Chuckle makes you knees buckle, Anna.
Yeah, that's all right.
I know it's all right.
Hey, it's Monday.
What's all right?
Let's tell you what for me.
Okay, it's Monday.
Plus a lot of stress.
I didn't even get to watch American Dad yet.
No, no rush.
Oh.
Not as good as the...
No, it's good.
It's, uh, well, I mean it's, uh, along those lines.
But nothing is self-proclaimed.
Not as good as the episode would be, uh...
What the what?
Time in a closet.
Oh well.
Few things are.
Next true.
You know it's me, why?
And you're CKN.
Oh.
Sorry, and I told you don't bother me while I'm in here.
I, sir.
Hello?
It's Mickey Mouse.
Oh, Mr. Mouse, good morning.
How are you?
What the hell are you doing to me?
Nothing, sir.
You're freaking telling me.
No, not.
I got David Kelly calling me every three minutes.
Why did we move the practice?
Sir, you told me to move the practice.
I didn't tell you when you must have misunderstood me.
No, sir.
You said move the practice to Monday.
Hey, hey.
Listen, butt wipe.
I'm the boss.
I make the decisions.
You take the heat.
Right.
You'll move the practice.
Okay.
How are we doing with it anyway?
Are you mad?
Hold on.
Reminds me.
Reminds me.
Yeah, boss.
Shut the hell up.
I'm on the phone, Reminds.
Hi, sir.
Yes, sir.
What was your question?
I'm killing you.
I'm going crazy over here between David Kelly and Michael Jackson calling me every three minutes.
I'm going to go out of my freaking mind.
Hold on.
Reminds me.
Yeah, here you go.
Stop it, Reminds.
I'm going to call, boss.
Stop the phone, Reminds.
Reminds me.
If one fits in my hand, Reminds.
That's your penis, boss.
My other hand, Reminds.
That's the phone, boss.
Right.
I can't hear anything, Reminds.
Stop sawing the floor.
Sorry.
Hi, sir.
Sir, the moves are working out very well.
The practice is fourth and it's time for me.
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What about football?
What shoes?
What about football?
What?
Money!
Money?
Money!
You have two Worst Sinners.
Puppet minister!
Me!
Idiot!
Rewr!
Rewr!
Yes, you have a...
What the hell you're doing now?
It's in the floor, Bob.
It's nothing wrong with the floor, Remus.
What's this in my ear?
That's your penis, Bob.
My other ear, Remus.
That's the phone, Bob.
That's the phone, Remus.
Get out!
Get over the word.
Get out!
Hi, sir.
Yes, sir.
Get with me.
Kill me!
I'm sorry, sir.
Kill me!
Sorry.
Kill me so late!
So, Carl Evans says the US should start taking troops out of a wreck and six months and he's got those bifocals.
Right down here on the tip of the nose and it looks like they're gonna fall right off.
Like they always do, you know?
Can you to be chairman and I will be as ranking...
There you go.
Carl Evans, you know, in the US, you're a senator from...
I don't even know where those little glasses are.
Bifocals.
Is that what they are?
According to Washington's side, as there are moves afoot to dump vice president, Dick Cheney.
And replace him with either John McHaner, Rudy Giuliani, prior to the 2008 presidential election.
Whoever succeeds in he will be able to campaign for the presidency,
with the perks to come with being an incumbent vice president.
You know, like Al Gore.
Since the increasingly beseeched Cheney, as he believes he's got no intention of voluntarily stepping down,
the strategy by the Bush camp may be to force him out by presenting evidence
before Special Counsel Patrick Fitzgerald that it was Cheney who was responsible for the compromise
of a CIA officer, covert officer Valerie Plain Wilson, and a Bruce Lee Jennings and associate's cover firm.
Observer is not the unusual professional relationship between Fitzgerald and Carl Rose's defense attorney Robert Luskin.
Insiders believe that Fitzgerald may be properly carefully crafted deal by Luskin,
whereby Robel testified a Cheney's primary role in the outing of Mrs. Wilson and her firm,
the seal of the diamond of Robel then be retired permanently.
If such a deal is worked out, Fitzgerald may then offer a deal to Scooter Libby,
Cheney's former chief of staff, also to testify against Cheney.
With such double-barrel testimony, President Bush will then be compelled to ask Cheney for his resignation,
or face a very nasty and public indictment.
The game plan appears to be what DC and Saudi-Sally Quinn force on,
a Washington Post-Opport last month, an article that suggests he has spoken extensively to a Donald Rumsfeld,
who is aware of his impending firing.
The op-ed state of the Rumsfeld would not be the scapegoat for a rack in time to resign shortly after the election.
Quinn seemingly channeling Rumsfeld's state of that after Rumsfeld left,
there will be only two scapegoats left, Dick Cheney and George W. Bush.
The article concluded by asking which person will be served up as the official scapegoat for a rack.
This editor wrote, based on the arrival of James Baker in the Coeterie of George Herbert Walker Bush,
old hands on the seal of the bailout of W.
It's clear that the Bush finding is not intended,
while I wanted it to be declared a scapegoat.
With words from White House sources that Cheney was opposed to the second of his old mentor Rumsfeld,
and even more resistant to the naming of Bush family lawyers,
the lawyer Liz Robert Gates to take his place,
it's clear that Cheney doesn't want to be placed in a position of exposure.
However, even changing Neocon allies like Richard Perlin, Ken Edelman,
sensing that Cheney is the designated scapegoat,
have developed about the Iraq War being a mistake,
and are not distancing themselves from the Cheney group
once the most powerful operating cell within the Bush administration.
So power play, man, it's a power grab.
This group over here in Neocon is over there, and a bunch of bullcrab.
That's one of these people are dead.
Power play.
Look at hockey game, you know, hockey game.
1097 votes on a pool.
I say let's bring the troops home by an entanglementary scubing.
This is a pretty lunch.
That's right, Taffer lunch, released a big Thanksgiving dinner,
and say, hey, guess what, Al Maliki, you know, you're the Al-El-El-Rosen,
Al Schwartz, Al Goldstein, you guys are all on your own over there, okay?
You lunatics?
Good luck to you.
Stick your long shoe over the Ural Fields and the Mausoleum.
What does it say in Ireland?
Habman's raored, some of them.
All Krugman writes, true blue populist in the New York Times today.
He says Senator George Allen of Virginia's understandably shocked and despondent.
Just a year ago, an actual review covers story declared that his home-down persona
made him quite possibly the next president of the U.S.
Instead, his political career seems over.
And it wasn't just Mokaka, or even the war that brought him down.
Mr. Allen, Mokaka Woods, a reliable defender of the interests of the economic elite,
found himself facing an opponent who made a point of talking about the problem of rising inequality.
And the tobacco chewing, football throwing, tax-cutting, social security,
privatizing Senator was only one of many fake populists defeated by real populists last Tuesday.
Ever since movement conservatives took over the Republican Party has pushed for policies
that benefit a small minority of wealthy Americans at the expense of the great majority of voters.
To hide this reality, conservatives have relied on wagging the dog and wedge issues,
but they've also relied on a brilliant marketing campaign that portrays Democrats as a leader
of the Republicans and Republicans as representatives of the average American.
This slide of hand depends on shifting the focus from policy to personal style,
John Kerry speaks French and Windsor's, so pay no attention to his plan to roll back tax cuts
for the wealthy and use the proceeds to make healthcare affordable.
This year, however, the American people wise up.
Two to four of them, some reporters still seem to be falling for the conservative spin.
If it walks, talks like a conservative can be a damn ass to headline on a CNN.com story,
featuring a photo of Senator-elect John Tester Montana.
In other words, if a Democrat doesn't fit the right-wing caricature of a liberal, he must be a conservative.
But as Robert and Tonya and Kate Zernichy of the New York Times voted out yesterday,
what actually characterizes the new way of a Democrat is a strong streak of economic populism.
Looking at Mr. Tester's actual policy positions,
yesterday an increase in the minimum wage,
noted social security privatization,
we need to stand up to big drug companies and have Medicare negotiate for lower prices.
We should stand up to big insurance companies and support a healthcare plan
that may self-care affordable for all montanans, he said.
So what aside from his flat top haircut makes Mr. Tester a conservative.
Okay, he supports gun rights,
but on economic issues he's currently a clearly leftist center,
not just compared with a current Senate, but compared with current Democratic senators.
The same can be said of many other victorious Democrats, including Bob Casey and Pennsylvania,
Sheldon White House and Rhode Island, and Sherrod Brown and Ohio.
All these candidates run on unabashedly populist platforms and won.
What about you, Lieberman?
Like shipwreck survivors paying to fots him,
some of seeds on his reelection as proof of Americans continuing conservatism,
but Mr. Lieberman won only through denial and deception, for example,
by rewriting the history of his once-curve in support for the Iraq war in Donald Rumsfeld.
He got two-thirds of the Republican vote,
but managed to confuse enough Democrats about his position to get over the top.
Last week's populist way of among other things
vindicates the populist direction that Al Gore took
in the closing months of the 2000 campaign,
but will this way be reflected in the actual direction of the Democratic Party?
Not necessarily, quite if you sit in Democrats
and show themselves nearly as willing as Republicans to debout a corporate interest,
considered to vote on last year's Drakkody and bankruptcy bill.
Mr. Lieberman voted for a coach who were cutting off the bait
and ensuring the bill's passage, then he voted against the bill
and meaningless gestures that let him have it both ways.
13 other Democratic senators also voted for a coach, including Joe Biden,
who just announced his candidacy for presidency.
The first big test of the new Democratic populism will come over reform
of the 2003 prescription drug law.
Democrats have pledged to repeal the clause in that law,
preventing Medicare from negotiating lower drug prices,
but the fine print of how they do that is crucial.
Medicare reform could be a mere symbolic gesture,
or it could be a real reform that eliminates the huge implicit subsidies
the program currently gives to drug and insurance companies.
Are the newly invigorated Democrats ready to offer real change in this country's direction?
Well, no in a few months, says Paul Kremlin, like you said,
well, let him give us some time. No, we wait.
1099, that's not your tax form. That's how many votes we got.
Aren't you excited? Nope.
Not even tax season. I'm not excited either.
I'm tired of these polls, man. I've got the one for tomorrow already.
Good. Thanks to the article I read about the dog the bounty hunter
just to give you a little clue what it might be.
But don't go into it now. Don't go into what?
Whatever it was. The dog. Don't go, don't do the dog.
Here comes the dog.
113 votes. What's your take on these polls?
They're fine. 841.
76.2%. That is shocking.
Once a week is good, 108.
And once a week is good. How about for the poll?
I hate this poll. 61. Get rid of them. 47.
Then they suck 46. Get rid of them.
Schmidt can't. Dump them. Toss them.
Stick them right on the window, John.
I like putting those negative things on it.
Because there are so many of these people out there.
They're dying for it. They live for it.
Where can I go and release my vent?
It's effective. Nothing else.
The poll may not be any real clue.
But at least it goes to sure that negativity is really a life of well and software.
Except the fact that the real face is from the top.
I can just hear it now.
Oh my God. After that thump it against the bears.
And then yesterday too in a row now?
Maybe you can't force illustrated with right.
They're going to go to the Super Bowl.
10 and 6. Maybe you can smell it.
The biggest name.
The best sound.
The best sound.
The O'Rodgers.
4th Video 560.
The O'Rodgers.
4th Video 560.
I like to relax by having Mary Magdal and massage my balls
while listening to the Neil Rogers 12th one hour.
And hey.
Hey.
Hey.
You can eat a person.
You can eat a person.
Or a bear head to toe.
Some bear head to toe.
Sleep the legs for less sleep.
Be good.
But at your nose.
Handable.
Handable.
Yeah.
The cannibal.
Yeah.
The cannibal.
Yeah.
He has a little why while he give us not your spine.
He says it all tastes good.
He broke out of prison.
He broke out of prison.
Started getting peace.
Started getting peace.
Traveled after a year of dining on a human peace.
Handable.
Handable.
He's the cannibal man.
He's the cannibal man.
Listen to it soon.
While he eats you with a school, he says it all tastes good.
While he and he are on an excellent screen looking for the full honey.
You better protect your body.
Are you a human man?
Cutie.
Oh, live on a dear love.
Live on a dear love.
Or an arm of two.
The pain.
Fallen arms in the pits.
She takes your pain.
Keep it there.
The heat's in other ribs.
Handable.
Handable.
Yeah.
The cannibal.
Yeah.
The cannibal.
Yeah.
Yeah.
All you feel is dread when he approaches you with bread.
He says it all tastes good.
It's the last 12-1-560 W.D.C.
I'm how come I can't find Superman on my 25th anniversary edition of TV Classic
Themes.
That would be really bad.
That would be bad.
Maybe I got it.
I know I got it here somewhere, but it played it a million times.
Where the hell is it?
Well, the reason I mention that is because you guess what was on, unlike a biography?
What?
No, not Sunshine Superman by the stupidity of God.
I'm checked.
Yeah, it's all I got.
Oh.
How depressing.
Sunshine came softly.
Jesus.
Anyway, so there was like a two-hour special on the history of Superman, which I just printed
a bunch of stuff on.
There's like 400 pages above which I finally stopped it.
I can't stand it.
Oh, I know.
I highlight this.
Where the hell is it, man?
You heard me play it 50 billion times.
Sure.
I don't have a time to do it.
I'll find it.
Kill some time here.
Oh, that was hard!
That guy!
You've picked him on track.
That's the man too many this here just too many distance so I know
You know we haven't done that a long time here with the TV themes are love those me. I love those show me to you
Honestly, of course you're saying oh not that again. That's that again. Oh my god. I was seeing the songs you're gonna play
All powerful little locomotive
They both believe tall buildings at a single bound
In the sky
Superman strange visitor from another planet who came to work with hours and ability is far beyond those of local men
Superman who can change the course of mighty rivers
Then steal in his bare hands and who disguised as clocktents mild-mannered reporter for a great bunch of other news paper
Fight the never ending battle for truth justice as the American way
You
Hey
Anyway, well, that's pretty melodramatic Jerry Seagal and Joe Schuster were the creators of Superman
And the movie the thing on TV on a any animal was anyway, it was not thought about a hundred so I watched it
Okay, they went through all of the various incarnations from the comic book days and then the first movie and all the other movies and
Super the return of Superman that you guys see that I forgot to ask Superman returns I saw it and it's out
And of course the earlier ones was Marlon Brando and Yaudione and on the TV shows and of course even Tom Welling
You know, I just was dawning on me while I was playing that Tom Welling your movies doesn't wear the Superman outfit
They don't want him to be super boy right
So it doesn't wear the outfit which I was thinking he would look good and those really really tight red tights, you know, but anyway
Because the lives is
That's me hey
Jerry Seagal and Joe Schuster they were both Jewish and they are both dead. Yes
Joe Schuster was born July 10th 1914 in Toronto
Form of Slater Jerry Seagal was born in Cleveland and as Jerome Seagal on October 17th 1914
Jerry grew up alive and loving science fiction always knew he wanted to be a science fiction writer
Jerry would write and submit some stories to amazing stories and science wonder stories the stories were rejected but you didn't give up
If they would publish them he'd publish them whatever that means in 1929 Jerry would create a
Fan-Zeen whatever that means called cosmic stories for his temperate and rejected stories
This is written so poorly. It's a pathetic today cosmic stories is recognized as the very first science fiction
Fan-Zeen as opposed to magazine like they're coming
Joe Schuster's family moved to Cleveland, Ohio when he was nine
He'd meet and be friends here is Seagal around 31
Both of them would go to the same grandville high school. They both had the same over science fiction stories either
His novels or comic strips the injured said strips is a little nemo Tarzan flash Gordon
Seagal at age and X-9 John Carter of Mars and the shadow the shadow knows
That I'm also I beg your pardon. I might have that
Laman cranson they would also have a lot of movies regardless if they were a or B class
It was shortly after the two men to begin working together
I'll bet the two have produced another sci-fi fan scene called science fiction Joe Schuster was the art editor Jerry was
Editor to a published science fiction where we're worried how does it get to Batman? Oh Joe and Jerry
Let's see
Jerry would read a book called gladiator written by Philip Wiley this book had a character that at super strength was able to lead 40 feet
And could let bullets bounce off his chest this along with other fictional characters within sphary news Superman
Those other characters were Doc Savage sometimes advertised as Superman Doc's damage hercules and Samson
Gladiator
Joe and Jerry first tried to sell the Superman in 1933 they created a few different comic strip formats of Superman
Even a cartoon version once there's a cargo publisher was interested in the character but didn't follow through dummy
Joe was his heartbroken over this and tore up and burned all of his Superman artwork growing not devoid of it again
They had the time to rework the character properly the only original artwork left was the cover saved by Jerry Siegel
During the rejection periods Joe had a work part time job is doing deliveries for a grocery store selling ice cream bars on the street carrying heavy boxes
I wonder if he sold Eskimo pies
I don't know what company thinking about that yesterday. I haven't had an Eskimo pie and they still make them as far as I know
I haven't seen any in years
Hmm Jerry within have trouble sleeping one summer night in 1934 once summer night by the damn leaders you got that
By the he the damn leaders
Never see Dan Lear as he tossed him because of the he kept thinking more and more about a new Superman character
He would wake up with little bits of ideas and he would scribble down on paper each time by the time morning arrived
Jerry had his character he ran all 12 blocks to do a few things the Department of Spine is new version of Superman
She also became excited to them would start to work on a costume design for the character
The new Superman would be one from a planned dying from old age
He was put into a rocket ship and sent away to earth for his continued survival
He would land on earth and a passing motorist who found the sleeping baby put him into an orphanage with a physical structure millions of years more
Advanced than our own the attendance of the orphanage notice the baby's great strength when the baby grew up he gave a Superman
He would also become Clark Kent a shy and revered man who was usually ignored by women
Jerry says he was telegraphing himself in a Clark Kent like Clark
John Jerry was shy and revered and he wore glasses interested in writing science fiction
He admired women from afar, but in return they didn't even notice him
Jerry and Joe also shared these traits so the feelings were mutual
Jerry also decided to add an attractive gutsy later we put her name Lois Lane
She would add romance to the comic by falling low with Superman
But with spring Clark Kent not knowing they were the same. She was a little bit low. It was a little bit slow
You know shallow horror
Then Jerry and Joe would work out a costume and appearance for Superman Jerry would suggest putting an S in a triangle on Superman's chest
He would also suggest adding a cape to add the visual effect when Superman ran jumped and battled a bad guys
You would come up with the rest of the costume and Superman's physical look
Once again the two would go out and fight a self Superman, but the new version got rejected again and again
One editor who rejected some of the Seagulls earlier worked over what you got to do
Okay to come up with the comic strip that is absolutely sensational
Absolutely
Upon seeing four weeks of Superman strips the same editor shook his head and replied the trouble with this kid is it's too sensational
Nobody would believe it
I was supposed to believe comic strips seem like Mickey Mouse. Yeah, they have to make sense and peanuts dogs and mice
They're talking things like that the thing that makes the least sense and I want to know which one of those guys thought about putting his underwear on the outside of his pants
Other editor seem interested in Superman, but with Sir Jack Joe and Jerry's work
They're a whole word that they would go and do a lot of down version of Superman
There were other times when Superman almost did get published, but for one reason or another didn't work out
But Joe and Jerry were worried they become comic book pros getting low-paying jobs doing a bunch of comics for publisher
Major Malcolm Wheeler and Nicholson the major was interested in publishing Superman
But Joe and Jerry turned down his offer because they thought Superman should be in a better company
One small newspaper wanted Jerry to do with the least you relax in Superman
But both Joe and Jerry turned us down and what about Johnny and Joe over the mountain? I know you got that
Over the mountain that's good song
But both Joe and Jerry turned us down as well because they felt written stories
What we fully believe the excitement that Superman was supposed to bring the mountain
They don't make comic book style stories would be best for Superman
During these years Joe and Jerry did work of comics such as new funds, spy, slam, gravity, Henry Duval, radio, squad and federal men in new fun number six
The duo would create Dr. Raculf who was in the position with a gravity rod
A lot of you didn't expect that to happen. I guess most of us have a gravity rod. Yeah, it was heading down
Dr. Raculf first appeared in 1935 new fun number six and this goes on tip top comics
Wanted to try Superman that were turned into a newspaper by United Features Syndicate and they felt readers would soon be bored of Superman
Some newspaper editors did try to help Joe and Jerry by spreading around their Superman work
McNaught Syndicate was one of them because MC gains was needed more comics to produce. They sent Superman to him
Max Gaines didn't like Superman but a senator Sheldon mayor did Sheldon tried to get Superman published in his popular comics magazine
But Max wouldn't agree with it
Despite that his boss had negative opinions Sheldon mayor still likes Superman wouldn't give up on him
In fact, he's still giving Superman stories back to Jerry and Joe so he can convince somebody else to publish it
And then it goes on and on and DC it was trying to start up an action funny comic didn't have enough stories to the comic
As agreed Max gains were looking around for something for them to use and that's when Sheldon stepped up and said well
There's always Superman Max replied it was better than nothing and said it over
Max got Jerry's okay to send Superman over another story to DC for possible publishing DC's editor Vin Sullivan told Jerry they were picking Superman over everything else DC comics
They asked to do it and we read some of the story gave them three weeks to complete a 13 page story
It was published in May 38 with a June cover date an action comic number one for their work Joe and Jerry received a hundred and thirty dollar check
Wow
Which was for the first issue in the rights to the character
Good deal guys and yeah wow
But the good news is
By 1941 they were paid $75,000 each for their work on Superman
But when they sold this DC they as superman store in 38 they also sold these see the copyright to the character
This was normal business practice for those times by 46 they were getting paid close to a hundred thousand year
But they saw DC make millions off the Superman character
In 1946 they hired attorney Albert Zergsmith
To take DC the court for the rights of Superman and Superboy
They spent all their money through legal fees by 48 and finally sent a lot of court for a Paul tree
200 grand how do you like that?
Nepefetic yeah, and other both dead
Say richest a Reichster if you ask me a Reichster Reichster
127 votes on the pool. There's your president. And what's interesting is yeah, what's interesting is he's still there
He's still in there
So what do you think of Superman?
Oh
What are your what are your thoughts on dessert so I saw that again last night it was on the gunner because I just said that to you last week
How do you feel about dessert?
pin
That was made in Canada by the way, wasn't not it yeah well kind of figure
But well, you know her boyfriend was kind of a wudzi wudzi alkanagai, you know, and they were chopping a lot of wood
It's a lot of wood
Anyway, that's a good movie if you have a weekend and you're bored to death. It's uh, you know George and did Josh yet
Did he know about the mannequin? I don't think so I'll bring it
Yes, it's not that long from where he's not that slow. It's got a little something and we want to get it by you know, we might something that the
132 votes on that poll
The biggest name
Hi, Bob. Hi, Merlin. You feeling all right. You're covered with running sword. I think I'm going blind too
Sounds like syphilis Merlin good being somebody just sent me this lovely STD pick it up. Okay
The STD pick it up. Okay, that's right Bob a selection of feed treatises each containing of virulent and highly contagious
sexually transmitted disease. Who would send you something like that? Oh, X, Y, if this girl girlfriend could be any number of people
You know, I played pro ball for a number of years and there's a lot of casual sex in the road
Well, it's nice to know that somebody somewhere is thinking about you. Yeah
Spread the joy and the germs with an F-D pick it up. Okay
STD it's the next best thing to being there doing it
You're doing this 20 past no at five sixty-one already who have mad dog coming over to the Sanctum and I'm sure that the dolphins man
Right back on track. They're kicking ass ten and six we can smell it
hmm
Like roses like lilacs
Also speaking of uh, well see the thing that really bothers me about and you know, call me funny dirty and old which on both
But it's disturbing to me that you know if there if there's a character if there's a story
Like Batman, for example, you know, it's Batman and Robin. It's not just Batman without Robin and it's not Batman
What all these different and like the Batman movies have been very untrue to the uh, they suck story
They all suck. Yeah, they're an area. Everyone of them sucked of Batman and Robin the TV show was great
For a comedy, yeah, I mean the comic book wasn't supposed to be comedy either, but I like the TV show too
What are you trying to say the TV show was a comedy? I understand that it was camp right on paris
Well done camp, but the comic book was you know wasn't supposed to be funny
But it was okay
And anyway, police dress up as Batman and Robin to catch drugs suspect. This is uh in the british
Well, it's a british thing, you know
Two policemen dressed as Batman and Robin captive to suspect a drug offender in a bizarre sting operation
Now what I was trying to say is that if it doesn't remain true to the story from where it's
Winsed came from comics whether it's Superman or whether it's Batman whatever it is
It's garbage, you know, it's already perverting the original who'd be like the godfather with pv. Hermany or just to make any sense
Yeah
The dynamic duo sergeant Tony Smith and PC my Coleman pulled on the superhero outfits and a bit to unsettle the suspected baddies
I still not
They pretended to be drugs looking for a fancy dress party and not on the door the suspects home
Oh
Those brits what did I say about them brits
Those inside refused to answer the door to the loud comically dressed visitors
Which was what the office wanted one of two guys dressed up as Batman and Robin came knocking on your door
Batman and Robin then went around the back of the property and weymouth door set while seven uniformed offices went to the front door
Those inside the house were pleased to see the policemen and complain to them about the fancy dress trunks
They then have had the officers in
Oh the fancy dress drunks not trunks
However, one of the men inside the house ran out of the back door on seeing the policeman to where the superheroes were waiting for him
Right under their waiting arms
Batman sergeant Smith gave chase jumped over a fence and biff thou powfwack. It says arrested him and I cute. How cute
PC Kevin Eam said the people opened the door immediately and said that they had been alarmed by some drunken people in fancy dress in their garden
So the rules were successful and we were lit in
Sergeant Smith added last year police officers dressed up as Carol singers which also worked out well
This is my first costume acting experience. He said the Batman costume was quite comfortable and not too restricting
I still managed to jump over the fence
But it was difficult finding somewhere to put my cs spray
There was nowhere for the handcuffs, but then that Batman does need handcuffs his cs spray
PC home said the bad thing about the operation is that we had to endure hours of terrible puns from PC home
A man aged 22 has been arrested charged with a drug offense. He's bailed to appear before we met magistrates
There was no charges against two other men found at the property. Thanks God
Isn't that great?
Leave it to them, Bruce man and silly asperic dressing up as Batman a Robin really camp and really gay. Oh that
guaranteed
1152 votes on the pool
What's your take on these silly aspoils we take on the sure be down our website theorongers.com and
76.2%
81 say they're fine. Oh, we're fine. That's what success. So I'm not gonna I'm not gonna poscure on it
And on days when I can't come up with a good idea. Let's let you do it. Oh, yeah. I'll have a great idea
And make believe son of the glorious nation of Kazakhstan continues to rule the American box office
Jarsoth this weekend said it was hysterical. It was great fabulous
Sasha Buranton's volat
Cultural leanings of learnings for America of make benefit for the resignation of Kazakhstan
took in 29 million dollars to make the number one movie for the second straight weekend distributor 20th century Fox
Say, yesterday, Borat raised its 10-day total of 67.8 million
The top cream will be remained unchanged from last weekend with Disney's the Santa Claus 3 the escape claws in second place
With 16.9 million and the paramount dream works animated tail flushed away in third with 16.7 million by the way dream works
They made a match point which hurts all this weekend. So it was great
He said it was great
Did you bring it in for Josh? I did
Did you just paw you?
You're holding well hold it right there will be too
Sony's welfare comedy stranger than fiction debut as the best of the weekend's newcomers
Placing forth with 14.1 million
Ferrell plays a meat tax on her suddenly able to hear the voice of a narrator emert Thompson chronically his life and impending death
While 20th century Fox could throw about Borat the studios Russell Crowe Ridley Scott reunion a good year flot
Coming in number 10 with a mirror 3.8 million. How do you like that? If flop the good
That you go to your after that no
So when I get my copy of Borat the Kazakhstan up your nose with rubber hose. What am I getting there?
This one's actually worth waiting for it comes out on DVD as opposed to getting a cloudy dark shot in a theater pirated version
Oh, that do you never go to the movies is that it?
The last movie I saw in a theater was um fair and high 911
Okay, okay. This one's worth going to that's a long time ago
This was worth walking to the theater and watching it with people laughing all around won't do it all right
I mean when you got your samsung 46
Oh, I have a sedentary, you know
In fact, maybe it'll be out on HD when it comes out on DVD now
Now let me just ask you this question. I'm sure neither one of you knows the answer. I'll make one up
Allo josh has got that HD set and still hasn't that the decency to buy you one which I can't believe it
Well, that's where I get my bonus when I get my bonus
Afold in my breath, but anyway um because I'm I'm really thinking about getting that to DVD player. I'll know you know
There's there's the dilemma again just like there was that VHS. It's gonna be the a beta. I'm gonna be doing a lot of blue ray lately. Yeah
Blue ray
Mm-hmm. I don't know what that you know that's who the one that's going to be
I'm just how much material is that and other in other words are all the new flicks that are being coming out in the DVD or they're coming out in HD
We would think wouldn't you?
There's not much of a difference though like watching like TV high death is different than watching a movie high death
Yes, because I've seen you know the HBO high death or whatever the movies that have come and they look the same to me
and
Like I said, I think I'll save the money
Okay, why don't I want to do that just because I had another big day would buy an unsaturday?
Can I right you know give you a thumbnail sketch? I don't want to go into detail. Okay. I had a good day
Good. I start there on my favorite machine. I get there early in the morning like about 830 when there's nobody there
And they're all pretty much open
You know, so I can go to my machine way down in the end that I usually play and usually have you have good luck with or sometimes really bad luck
Whatever and I sat down and gave it a try man
Nothing was colder than a macro. I thought and I one one spin for 30 bucks to pink 30 which to me is the kiss of that if you get the
Pink 30 runaway folks and we'll force it
so I got off of it and
I'm trying other machines and a guy comes along. I you know the story
He gets you know all kinds of spins and he gets two thousand bucks on a line. I'm thinking oh, I better go home
It's gonna be when that happens to you and it happens all of us. It's gonna be a bad day
So I'm playing down another machine down away and then Chinese a young girl who always is there
She came up to me said boy you picked the right machine today. This one was paying all day yesterday
The only one I happen to be on you know I play for another two three minutes and about a being a three thousand on the line
Wasn't that nice that was nice. I just missed it and passed so I could afford to go out and get that
But I'm I'm not gonna do I'm gonna save the money and say George somebody
He's gonna get Ricky a blow
I
I'm
L
All the way back on the run
They're on the land with a cool sound
They search in every wall
For telepand on the run
Telepand on the run
Telepand on the run
Over there, over there, over there
Telepand on the run
Over there, over there
Are you going to hear about Insurgent Activity Rising and all of the people?
But first, I just found this
What?
U.S. Radio Company may sell for 18 billion dollars
Why?
Not easily broadcasted to heater
No, we're not with the heat
That's something 18 dollars
Too Concertium is a private equity firm
as expected, as it used to say Consortium is but...
And I don't think that's right
Incontorating
Too Concerted Private Equity firm
As expected, it has been fine in auction bits today
For the largest radio company in the U.S.
Clear channel communications, chief channel, worth about $18 billion according to people involved in the auction.
Fidders were making last-minute adjustments to their offers last night, these people be sent, after the deadline was moved from Friday to noon today.
Oh, like half an hour ago.
Offers were expected from a group that includes Providence Equity Partners, the Blackstone Group, and Claudeburg-Crabbist Roberts, and another that includes Bain Capital, Thomas H. Lee Partners, and the Texas Pacific Group.
Other private equity suitors, including Apollo Corps Group and the Carlisle Group, and Sir Berris Capital Management, and the No-Kill Capital Partners are expressed interest in making Bids, but it's since cool to the auction.
The Carlisle Group.
The Providence Blackstone K.K.R. Group had originally been expected to win the contest, having held discussions with Clear Channel much earlier than the others, but the rival offers are expected to be competitive, and they're going to be very aggressive, maybe saying.
Bids are expected to win 30s per share, people briefed on both Bids said, and lastly, we've cleared Channel Shares of Jump in anticipation of a deal.
Clear Channel Shares closed on Friday at 3497.
It's unclear how much of a premium bidders will pay to that.
I don't know how to say that.
I don't know how to say that.
The first thing they'll do is they'll fire Pete Boulder when they come in.
The assassin.
The assassin.
People have helped destroy this one-scraight industry, man.
This one-grade business.
Just like I told you, did not tell them on that...
Oh, yeah.
Ignominious day.
1180 votes on the poll by the way.
We got 13th and a relic today.
Not that that's such a big deal, but, you know, it's not bad.
And especially a poll on the polls.
What's the big simmiss with that, right? That's what they're all complaining about.
What's the big simmiss with this?
Insurgent activity in Afghanistan has risen fourfold this year in militants now launched more than 600 attacks a month,
a rising wave of violence has resulted in 3700 deaths in 2006, a bleak new report be sawn.
Afghanistan saw about 130 insurgent attacks a month last year,
said the report by the Joint Coordination and Monitoring Board,
which consists of representatives from Afghanistan and the international community, including the UN.
The new report said insurgents were launching more than 600 attacks a month as of the end of September,
up from 300 a month to the end of March this year.
The violence has killed more than 3700 people this year, it's said but who's counted?
Let's go.
The atomic battery is to be...
...surveillance speed.
...and the virus is ready to move on.
Oh!
Now they did make one the Batman or Robin movie way, way back when when the TV had to be...
Yeah, it was possible.
...the worst of all of the movies too.
Yes, I mean the TV.
...and really poorly done.
Although they didn't have all the people in there, Burgess Merteth was in it and Vincent Price and who...
Oh no, you're talking about the original movie.
Yeah.
The one that was made in his car too.
Yeah, that was alright, it was a very campy.
Everything was in it.
Great portion of the Ritalor.
The Marrawera on the Carlo.
Wait, she was in the Monsters.
The Ivana Craig.
Ivana Craig was who?
Back girl.
I thought that was Lee Marrawer.
The cat woman was Lee Marrawer.
Oh, like I said, Frank Gorshin, Ritalor.
Caesar Romero.
Joker.
Julius Caesar.
Emperor.
Tony Blair, who narrowly defeated a recent parliamentary attempt at Cohen inquiry in the Iraq war,
is facing a new threat from Washington where Victoria's Democrats are expected to call British witnesses as they launch congressional industries into the war. Tony Blair.
Remember they've sexed up the intelligence?
Mm-hmm.
Now we're the majority party.
We can all hearings of a senior member of the Staff of John Cunhius, who in January will become chair of the House Judiciary Committee.
We can own any number of hearings, like maybe any number.
But third, man.
30 a week.
Democratic senators are also expected to seek hearings aimed at throwing light on how Downing Street and the White House
coordinated efforts to claim that Saddam Hussein possessed those weapons of mass destruction.
All the claims led to war from allegations that Saddam was reconstituting a nuclear weapons program to his alleged links with al-Qaeda could come out of examination.
Unlike their counterparts in Britain, congressional committees have the crucial power to subpoena witnesses and documents, unlike those silly as Brits, where busy addressing up his comic book characters.
Mr. Cunhius, they have long been investigating how false information was presented by the Bush administration to persuade the public of the significant and growing threat allegedly posed by Saddam.
Got him, Saddam.
They got him.
Their inquiries were partly triggered by the leaking of the Downing Street Memories, which revealed the belief that the British government, the Mr. Bush had decided on wars early as the spring of 2002.
Well, Mr. Cunhius published his findings last year.
He said, we found there substantial evidence that President, the Vice President and other high ranking members of the Bush administration,
misled Congress and the American people regarding the decision to go to war in Iraq, misstate and then manipulate intelligence information regarding the justification for his actual war,
countenance, torture, and cruel and human-integrating treatment in Iraq, and permitted inappropriate retaliation against critics of their administration.
He called for Bush's censures, some of the Democrats now have decided not to pursue, but any fresh investigation he's using subpoena powers, is sure to put further pressure on the US and British governments.
Good. Excellent.
Or just came over to fast-machine. Look at this. Look at the tiny print on it.
You know, it's funny because I just, I had this during my panel and I smirked it.
Oh.
Vorite star Sasha Burran-Counh has been punched by a man who didn't like his jokes.
Remember I said to you for about the clothes I had?
Counh approached the passer by in a New York street in San Luis, Salad, Esquizek, Alterigo.
I like your clothings, our nice. Please, my friend.
Hello.
I want to have sex with it.
But the target of his joke failed to see the funny side and punched Counhius repeatedly in the face according to the industry for the sun.
Counh had been on his way to a bar with British actor Hugh Laurie after the pair appeared on the US TV show, Serene Art Life.
A friend said Sasha couldn't resist playing the fool as Vorite, but picked out the wrong person.
I guess this guy thought he was being attacked by someone stable individual and lashed out.
Sasha's very lucky to get a much worse beating.
Counh was said to be shaken up and didn't receive any lasting scars.
This isn't the first time a murderer failed to get the Borat joke.
I can't imagine.
Two US students who appeared in the Borat movie are suing Counh, claiming they suffered metal language after they were filmmaking racist.
And since the March we had that Surren Friday and there's another story that somebody else suing.
Where the hell is it? It's in my pound or somewhere. Maybe it didn't even...
I'm sure I put it on our website. Did I josh?
Yes, you did. Well, you were... they want about the village.
Yeah.
Not about the kids.
Yeah, well, that was earlier.
Well, the village is suing them too.
But I'm not wasting my time with that on the show.
You know, it's fine for our website, but out on this high-paid show. Do you know what I'm saying?
I know what you're saying.
I'm sure that the movie is very funny and I, you know, take both of your word and it's really hysterical.
And as soon as it's available on DVD, I'll get... I'll steal a copy.
I'll take your word for it.
I haven't even watched the American Dad yet. I better do that to the number.
I'll steal a copy for you, but I'm going to wait for it to come out on DVD to steal a big copy.
What? Borat?
Borat, yeah.
I don't need you to steal me a copy. I told you I had a big day at Woodline Center next year.
Oh, that's what it is?
But it won't be out for a while.
1191 votes on the pool. The only one that's important on here.
What's your take on these polls? They're fine. 908. They suck only 49.
And get rid of them only 49. And I think those people voted twice.
The biggest name.
So the best talent to the basis.
Neil Rogers.
420560.
UAM.
Holy macken on.
This is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God.
I'm Florida Congressman Mark Foley.
If you're a young man between the ages of 15 and 18,
I'd like to talk to you about Foley's brand's congressional outreach program.
Foley's brand is a program that gives teenage boys a hands-on approach to learning about government.
They'll learn the nuts and the bolts of working intimately with a Congressman staff.
Followed by a thorough debriefing.
Successful candidates will learn about politics,
like running a campaign that's down in the polls.
Imagine the thrill of bringing that poll back up again.
So apply today and using one hand I'll email you all the details.
Foley's brand's congressional youth outreach program.
I promise to leave no teenagers behind.
All right.
Do you know the only between 15 and 18?
Come on, I watched that show.
I thought for myself.
I thought it was just a river, faster than life.
No one you see.
Well, if Sandy would have put that around her eye naked,
the whole show would have been a lot easier, you know.
A lot less disturbing.
1247, you there are much flipper?
Of course I did.
Everybody watched flipper.
Especially when I lived down here.
I mean, this was near and dear to our hearts.
It was?
Sure.
I'll tell you one thing, Sandy was near and dear to my heart.
But then again, a battle is shaping up between Democrats
and the White House over the Military Commission's Act,
signed it a law last month by President George W. Bush.
Senator Patrick Leahy of Ramada's expected takeover
is chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee,
and the California Daily Journal reports
that Leahy is drafting a bill to undo portions of the new law
in an effort to restore a habeas corpus rights
for enemy combatants.
Thanks God.
A spoke from Foley, he told the newspaper,
the bill will be intended to repeal portions of the law
that prevents some detainees from pursuing federal court
challenges to the government's authority
to hold them indefinitely.
I, the infinitum, spoke to a ministerial Schmieler
told the newspaper the goal is to try to do something
to reverse the damage.
Scott Silliman, director of the Arizona Civil Man,
director of the Center for Law, Ethics, and National Security
at Duke University School of Law, told the newspaper
an attempt to amend the law, could set up a partisan showdown
in Congress, and possibly a presidential veto.
Civilized attorneys filed a constitutional challenge
to the act after Bush, on October 17th.
Scott Silliman, what's your name?
Silliman?
Hmm, I see.
510 votes speaking of Silliman,
there's a gentleman came with a big cheek.
So, a Democratic with Johnson Senator Russ Fine Gold says
a run for the White House is not in history.
Yeah, Russ, I wrote an okay, no Jewish president.
Although I think Elliot Spitzer is going to run,
I still think Barack Obama has got it.
Does he Jewish?
Sure, whatever he says.
A small single engine plane made a skidding crash landing
on a wood driveway southeast of the Lantern Airport
and Palm Beach County this morning.
The crash knocked out electricity in the area
after the plane kept, uh, it's clipped several power lines
and uprooted a pool.
Thank God it was not a pool.
No one was injured in the Oven 15th Indian Emergency landing board.
It's like an hour and a half ago, on the 6200 block
of Pine Drive near Lantern Road Circle Place and Lake Osborne.
Channel 5 reports the public skidding only minor injuries,
and then he was the only person on board.
The plane with its wing inshredded almost completely sheared off
and came to rest against the car, and narrowly missed a nearby house.
Channel 5 said probably the plane was attempting to make an emergency landing
on a patch of grass.
The Mr. landing spot, it was aiming for the grass,
but he seared his ass, crashes under investigation.
How do you like that?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, there's a macaque with son there.
That was, but they're still very suspicious of him.
Uh, but...
Tom McCain and they will ought to be, man,
phoneier than a $47 bill.
In fact, I hope he's the man.
I hope he's the guy.
Sure.
I remember the way he cozyed up to Bush, and it was like they always say about him.
He never made a worried and like.
Right.
Fony ballony, baby.
Airzats.
And especially with a puffed up cheek.
Man, this isn't really bad.
I think it's growing now.
I think the cheek is like growing, and we're like,
like, Hank's pooping, it's growing.
From 115 votes on the pool for the pool watchers,
there may be a few people out there hate our pools like crazy,
but you know what?
The votes are growing like, like that thing on McCain's cheek.
But there's Mitt Romney from Massachusetts.
He's got two chances, none the less than on.
US Representative Jim Gibbons, Republican of Nevada,
was elected governor in Nevada last week,
despite the allegations of late night,
carousing, and sexual assault involving their talk to the way
Chris three decades is junior.
A new writer, Sapina, suggests police may be looking at whether
of certain injustice occurred in the case.
Local law enforcement investing in the allegations
made by Chrissy Maseo, and Sapina, the phone records of all those in the Gibbons party
on that faithful, Friday the 13th of October,
man, Friday the 13th, according to the biggest son.
They say, Metro police have subpoenaed telephone records of Republican governor,
like Jim Gibbons, political strategist, Sig Rojik,
and other witnesses in the investigation into allegations that Gibbons
assaulted the woman and tried to force himself on her sexually.
Home and cell phone records of everyone who was drinking with Gibbons and Kojik
at McCormick and Schmicks restaurant before the October 13th ledger assault
on Chrissy Maseo among the records of peanut sources
as close to investigation told the son.
It's not clear whether the phone records were subpoenaed as part of the investigation
of Maseo's underlying assault claim, or her later claim that she was perturbed
into keeping silent about the incident, you better stay mum, mum.
Another possibility of interest for law enforcement is the security video from the parking
garage where the incidents led to have happened, which went missing for several days
before being turned over to police.
Police found another round of witness interviews including the governor like himself.
I don't know if that wouldn't be bad if the governor turns out to be a prevert,
like in California. He's more popular than ever now.
The groupinator. What's up with that?
When do we watch up with that? They like him in Hollywood, baby. They like him.
I eat grapes. I'm a grape. That's what they like about him. He's one of their people.
They gravitate whether it's Ronnie Ray Gunn, whether it was a George Murphy 100 years ago
in the Senate. They gravitate toward their own people.
You know what I really hate? And I just noticed that I did this.
What?
When you print something out and know you get these pop-up thing, take a survey
or there's like a quick ad on it, and you don't even realize it's in there
and you're printing it and that shows up on the print job.
No. No what?
No, it doesn't for some of us that know how to print web content.
We just lost them. One of these days.
I'll get it back. I'll print the game.
It's very important because there are two Andy Griffiths to be the court.
Is that important? Oh no.
Andy Griffiths.
Okay. I keep thinking he's dead. I don't know why. Maybe it's wishful thinking.
Yeah, I think it is.
Oh, I don't want to see that.
Andy Griffith at Amazon.com. I don't want to see that. That's nothing I hate when you do all his books.
Oh, I don't want to buy his books. You'll see his already face or talk to Jebediah.
Like I said, it's not an important story.
Yeah, they don't care about it anyway. You can have a lot of them.
No, I saw it anyway.
Did you really? Over the weekend.
Well, I'll be damned.
The death threat came on simple white flyers blowing down the streets at dawn.
A group crawling itself, friends of Muhammad,
accused the local Palestinian Christian of selling mobile phones carrying offensive sketches of the Muslim prophet.
The message went on to curse all Arab Christians and Pope Paparazzi, the Nazi,
still struggling to come. Muslim Abrahmat, from his remarks on Islam.
And it's a picture of me here. He ain't looking too good.
While the neighbor is defended the merchants, saying the charges in the flyer were bogus,
the frightened phonyler went into hiding,
fleeing, feeling less than satisfied with the 30s conclusion that the October 19th was probably just a harmless rant.
Harmless rant.
Now the dealer is thinking of going abroad.
Call it part of a modern exodus, the steady, flood-ly, tiny Palestinian Christian minority
that could lead some predict to the faith being virtually extinct in its birthplace
within several generations of trend mirrored in many dwindling pockets of Christianity across the Islamic world.
When in doubt, root the goyam out.
This is one of the major themes the Pope is expected to carry to Turkey for a four-day visit beginning of November 20th,
is first people visit to a predominantly Muslim nation. The Vatican called it reciprocity.
Muslim demands for greater sensitivity from the West must be accompanied by stronger protections
than rights for Christian minorities they be sent.
In some places such as Pakistan, it means more safeguards from extremist attacks.
Oh, there's no extremist in Pakistan, or? That's what I've seen.
In Indonesia and elsewhere it touches on appeals to cruel, growing sectarian clashes.
Here we go again, just like Elton John said, get rid of religion, get rid of it,
and Turkey, Iraq, and the rest of the Middle East, and seeks to preserve communities dating back to the time when Jesus and his apostles preached.
But nearly everywhere, well you know what I love on the biography channel?
You'll turn it on to see what they're doing and Jesus Christ is on there, you know?
Jesus Christ Jesus.
How do you do the biography of Jesus?
How about his next-door neighbor, Schlemmy Goldfarb?
It looks like two tents down.
You've got a lot of info from Schlemmy.
Oh my God.
But nearly everywhere in Muslim lands, Christian populations are in decline.
No place is more striking than in the Holy Land.
For decades it was mostly economic pressure pushing Palestinian Christians to immigrate using family ties in the West, or contest missionary schools.
The Palestinian uprising and the separation barrier started by Israel in 2002 accelerated the departures by turning once bustling pilgrimage sites such as Vethlam in the world of ghost towns.
Oh little town of Vethlam.
Can you hear it? And we see it in an hour or what?
Oh you are.
Oh yeah, there's the three wise men.
The three wise men, all these other bubble-myses, all these fairy tales.
Away in a manger with your skin, all the same.
And it won't be very long now. It's almost Thanksgiving.
And of course you're already certain to see the Christmas decorations and they're talking about all the stars.
That's just Walmart. A lot of other stories. They brought Christmas back and there was that William Donahue on over the weekend.
When did he come?
Yeah, we're starting to make some progress.
Yeah. And the homeless voice bombs are wearing their Christmas gear already.
Really?
Oh yeah. Well I'll tell you what.
I'll get in my way.
They'll only do it once.
The biggest name.
So the best talent.
The basis of your Rogers.
Forth radio 560.
U-A-M.
We've got it. It's got the rail.
And when I'm up in Boca Tiga, slapping all women with painted lips around the bowl.
I listen to the meal Rogers wanted to.
I mean I listen to the meal Rogers.
They earned balance for only two hours.
Booh, booh, booh, booh, booh.
In your car and shove it.
I ain't told the word in your car.
No.
I've had enough of all the privileges very days at home for.
I've been telling him, honey, away.
You know the Christmas or Christmas or.
Or you could take your gun and shove it.
I ain't the first man in the morning.
Welcome.
Well I was a Christian.
Soldier of God will leave earth all these years.
All that time I followed every word of the scriptures written by careers.
Catch trees and take these powerful gone women on the women of mighty weight.
Accepted not to live and when he must have been gone on a bus and on a day.
Take your gun and shove it.
Welcome.
I ain't the first man in the morning.
Built a year old rat.
If you're with us, because everybody else is gone.
Time isn't time to watch the people die.
Here's the name of it, it is visible on.
Take your gun and shove it.
I ain't worth your business no more.
Take your gun and shove it.
I ain't worth your business no more.
So Cynthia pressed and played Ursula in pin and she was on for three years on General Hospital.
How do you like that?
I never watched that show.
What? General Hospital.
Need you to why?
Lucan Laura.
Oh, Pucan Laura.
Yeah, there was a real sex spot.
Dufrey.
Well we know that Jack Pelland stood over the weekend.
We knew I'd gladly done on Friday or was it Thursday?
Thursday.
Okay.
But there's somebody else that we didn't know who died over the weekend.
Who's that?
Who's that?
One of the four tops?
No.
She's old but the herd.
Oh.
Now she's a real, that's a terrible one.
Sorry.
Oh, no, hope it's gone.
That's from, as you know, the movie standing in the show is a motana.
How do I prefer it?
Rhymes of pervert.
Anyway, I did find that story in spite of all your shenanigans and on your castigations.
What are these days?
I think for an old fart like me, I do pretty well with this damn computer.
Well, with all this stuff that I pump out, what about it?
You got to use a white people email, one more little step and you'll be up to date.
White people email, huh?
Sounds like some kind of a racial, racially charged remark to me.
Maybe.
Andy Griffith.
He was white.
He was about as white as it gets him.
A bolt-aid with a new.
And his hair.
Andy Griffith who played Matt Locke and Sheriff Andy Taylor has sued a Wisconsin man, also named
Andy Griffith according to the AP.
The second Andy was born William Harold Fenrick.
And changed his name to game publicity in the campaign for Sheriff in Wisconsin's Grant County.
Griffith's lawsuit accused Fenrick.
I'm a Griffith, a violating trademark and copyright laws, as well as the famous Griffith's privacy.
Even worse it says, the newer Andy ran third in the election.
Andy Bettsett has campaign manager was named Barney Fife.
Ha, ha, ha, yup, yup.
Yeah.
So anyway, Gerald Loverd is dead.
It's bad.
So like I said, FU Watch Pin this weekend, be sure to get standing in the shadows in O'Town.
And you'll thank us profusely if there's anybody out there who still hasn't seen that.
I can't even begin to imagine that, you know?
Even Josh Levin, he's just a punk.
And you have to like music.
Yeah.
You know, we're fighting.
I'm talking to some people.
I said, I don't like music.
They don't like music.
They don't like food.
They don't like air.
They don't like water.
They don't like the pool.
They don't like them to like water.
They don't like the mainstream.
They don't like the mainstream.
Right.
You're a citizen.
It's Reverend Sun Miyamoto.
I can understand that.
So, 40 on the dial, Loverd, a G.V.A.
in New York.
Okay, we got 1240 votes.
I said we make 13.
Did I?
13, how does that ice number?
Yeah.
Fan asked Governor Jeff Bush said, for identity, unusually high number of voters who didn't
choose any candidate in the congressional race in Sarasota County was investigating and said
the state has the law in place to do it right.
It's a good thing they got to law in place now, unlike in 2000 when they didn't have, when
they just couldn't get it all straightened out.
Except, you know, one for a gore and three for Bush.
This is obviously something we need to look into and very quickly, Bush said, the state
elections officials prepared to overseen expected recount this week in the 13th district race
between Republican and Vern Buchanan and Democrat Christine Jennings.
Jennings was behind in the initial count by 373 votes and pressing for answers about
why more than more than 18,000 voters didn't register any selection in the race but did
make choices in the other contest.
That rate was much higher than what the district's other counties registered in the same
congressional race.
State election officials planted out of the Sarasota County's election system after the
recount, which is going to happen this week.
The county uses touch screen machines which are meant to avoid some of the problems for
us on 2000.
Bush said there were clearly questions about the vote but said the state system is a
group to handle those questions.
Right.
We have a law in place to do it right, he said during his time in Bradenton, good place for
him by the way.
In 2000 when a recount took place, the canvassing board had all this flexibility.
Now the law is the law and that takes away much of the mystery he said.
The problem is how there's significant under votes like that.
It may be that the simply the voters wish but if there's evidence to suggest otherwise
we'll move on, he said.
He'll have a bill to do a ball movement on it.
That's what your fat ass governor said and with an ass-that size it ought to be quite a
hefty movement man.
It ought to be a very substantial movement.
What a piece of it.
And it just kills me.
I just don't understand what it is about him that people like.
Can you explain it to me?
You mean that 31 percent?
No, I'm talking about your fat ass governor now.
Oh that one.
That bush.
And make him, they're always saying, oh the wildly popular Jeb Boy.
Well, of course, now we're even touting him to run in 2008.
The Yebius.
Like him because he's a Yehu and the Spigs like him because he beaky Bonnie.
Oh I see.
Is that it?
Yeah.
And the drug people like him because his daughter Noel is a trash head.
Ripsnorton, a crackhead.
Wow.
And the smugglers like him because his wife is a smuggler.
Right, Columbia.
And the
Christopher Columbia.
We just have Columbia then out of the long girl.
Or I sure haven't played this in a long time.
Yeah, no suckers.
My name is Colamba.
I got off that plane after shopping in France to dish your money away.
I bought the gynecose, expensive bubbles and jewels.
I knew him in fancy or duty.
I could like very hard to smuggle and they would just let me buy.
But I did not get it from a boy because I just got a very small head.
Yeah, some jets will be the ones who will live up my life with special favors.
After all my husband's brother will soon be your dictator.
I enjoy the divina I buy anything I need and just want to call.
I'll be just risking my family value when I get back from the show.
Let's not talk.
All right, well he's a child I have to ask you.
Oh, we've got some honey from his daddy.
Oh, and if I said my little brat.
Honey, we've been in gender that's crappy.
Oh, well he's the fella happy that he's double-deaf, L.A.
Well he's a presidential son who doesn't have to run.
No one else is gonna win.
He might as well just move right in.
She got her, she got her, she got her.
He had to go to school.
He was born with the pizzazz to look out on you Jews.
Get ready for the death, people tell her happy that he or her.
He'll give our people rights to whammy.
Oh, I mean the tell her happy that he or her, double-deaf, L.A.
Well he's a very wealthy Jew who's very back and choose.
Who never praises Jews, my next year will all be screwsing hard.
She got her, she got her, she got her.
Any smart food would that raise against funny with Kay?
Why do you think they call it Goober?
Victoria, anyway, he's a color happy man.
Oh, he'll be the KKK happy.
Oh, he's a tell her happy man.
No, but that's L.A.
Come on, let's go step.
Come on, little.
Let's go, little boy.
Come on, let's go, little boy.
Come on, let's go, little boy.
Come on, let's go, little boy.
Come on, let's go, little boy.
Come on, let's go, little boy.
Now let's just feel that you can't go wrong.
And go, all of your broken soul.
And your life will be a wonderful, wonderful future.
We're such a time and air, we're just an illusion.
And your world's round is coming down.
The man Jesus, come on, girl, read down for me.
Read down for me.
Read down for me.
Anyway, like I said, he's dead.
I just want to try out the story.
Our ad-be star, Gerald Lavertes, out of his home in Cleveland, he was 40.
All of us at Atlantic are shocked and deeply saddened by his untimely death.
He was one of the greatest voices of our time, who sang with unmasked soulfulness and power,
as well as a tremendous gift of composure and accomplished producer,
statement from his record label, and I would work his best.
No further details were given how he died.
He first achieved fame in 1986 as a member of the R&B trio Lavert,
which also included his brother Sean and friend Mark Gordon.
He died in Cleveland, he was 40.
Somewhere out there in Cleveland, Ohio, somebody knows
the trouble we've seen.
He lives behind Fort Children's mother.
He's dead.
Everything we need to find a little bit more than that?
Sure.
Somebody knows who's responsible for this.
Somebody knows who's responsible for this year ago.
Who knows what's...
But he was no football player, so you probably have to find nobody cares.
That whole thing leaves me just, I can't even describe it, I can't put it into words.
Limp?
Limp didn't even come close to it.
Just almost speechless.
Shocked.
Shocked.
Right away, the hurricane's lost again.
14 to 13 to Rov Virginia.
Made nice comeback there at the end.
Look at that.
That's a...
Tomorrow will excuse me, the average loss of Virginia.
Who they lose to?
Virginia Tech.
Now let me see, they got any more games they can lose this season?
How many more games they got?
Can't have that many.
Boston College.
Oh, they're going to lose that game.
B.C. has done a kick some serious non-catholic ass.
You marked my words, the Pope's got the Fixer Ratsy in on that game.
349 votes on the poll.
We got 13 ever looked at it.
Everything is sweet.
As someone would say, sweet, really.
I was taking a shower this morning about when they put stern on the area.
Luckily I'm in the shower so nobody can hear my legs start screaming.
Not screaming real loud, but just like, you know, glirting out.
You idiot.
What was it?
You like that?
How are you?
But one thing about these people, you know, now I will say this for Joe Bell.
You had lunch with them and you told them about that one.
That's my only finger.
I got nothing else on my plate.
And I told them that.
I said that's the only thing that's really grind in our grip.
It's not in fact the sales department sucks and they don't give us any copy.
I told them they're going to get anywhere and I think into it about that.
He's not going to wave a magic wand and say, hey, guess what?
I'll just send the sales department his component.
I told them you said, my understand how all of a has a about that.
Yeah, that's what I said.
Or did he tell them both of them?
C.
But in any way, so we got that all straightened out, which is good.
See, that's the sign that here's a guy that responds in a positive fashion
in a proactive way, whatever the hell that means, but everybody says it.
We're proactively sticking our nose up your ass.
Not for acne.
Right.
Squeeze it.
But at the same time, before we had a guy that was on the course, the joy factor, too,
don't forget she was also involved in the business and she walks as a way Scott free.
Well, she's busy sticking her nose into all of our crap.
Yeah, he's taking a little bit of the way.
So, tell us how much of the pressure is stuck to the high 60s.
I'm gonna go for the Belgian athlete.
Feel Roger now.
I'm tired of the air.
The other night, what's there up fight?
I'm the fourth of July.
Because now his cousin's dead.
I'll pull it in the head.
What happened?
We don't know.
Something is she smells, but he won't tell.
So, well, last Brian, what did you do?
Brian, what did you do?
See, it's not so long.
He was standing on this folks' lawn and he was crying.
Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, it's hard to understand.
It wasn't ecstatic with two shots flying.
I don't know why your agent proved.
It claims the cops report some truth.
I want you to know some more.
So, tell me what's the score.
Brian, what did you do?
What's the best to leave?
Or just maybe?
You're loud.
What did you do?
Yes, now he's gone.
And from this moment on, we're less in rhyme.
Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian
Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian
Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian
Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian
Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian
Democratic lawmakers will seek a phase withdrawal from Iraq. Democrats
tried to take control of Congress, they would press to begin a phase US military
withdrawal from Iraq within four to six months. Part of an agenda aimed at
overhauling key aspects of US foreign policy in the Middle East. First order of
businesses to change the direction of Iraq policy said Senator Carl
Evans of Michigan who had his bifocal all the way down to the very
tippy of his nose. Tippy, who is in line to become chairman of the Senate
arms. He didn't go to a foreskin. He is in line to become chairman of the
Senate arms services committee next year when Democrats become the majority
party in both chambers of Congress. They don't find any guy named Levin
or Levin that's got foreskin. Ask Oscar Levin. He'll tell you maybe the
ready missed one. Senior White House officials have countered
that setting timetables for US troop withdrawals would weaken the Iraq
government and emboldened the surgeons but they acknowledge the need for fresh
ideas on Iraq and express the new willingness to negotiate with Democrats
on an array of foreign policy issues. White House chief of staff, the
umptuous Josh Bolton indicated that the president would block legislation
calling for a scheduled withdrawal. I don't think we're going to be receptive
to the notion that there's a fixed timetable at which we automatically pull
out because that could be a true disaster for the Iraqi people Bolton
sent on this week's on ABC's this week. Even so yet, the White House is
willing to talk about anything that is prepared to adjust tactics. Right.
It took it took the election to the right. It's them that maybe we need to
not stay the course. You know, whatever the opposite is to stay the course,
that's what we need to do. The opposite. The developments came as Bush and
members of his national security team prepared to meet today with the panel of
foreign policy experts who've been charged with developing proposals for how to proceed
in Iraq. The panel is headed by James Baker the turd who served as secretary of
state when Bush's father was present and Lee Hamilton, former never credit
Congressman and chair of the House Foreign Affairs Committee. You know, it's interesting
that James Baker is in all these stories. And yet they never make any mention of the fact
that he was he was the lawyer for the Bush people in 2000. Remember he came down to
Florida. Right. And he was in charge of making sure that the fix was in. I mean,
that the votes didn't get counted. Right. And then also he turned out to be the
attorney for the Saudi royal family after 9-11. Remember that? Uh-huh. I do.
Wow. Jessica Winston to understand you're supposed to be mentioning that. The fact that the
voices in the bin Laden's are bunk butt bodies and are business together and that they
call band our what's his name band our Bush. That's just a coincidence you understand.
Of course it is. Comey. Yeah. The Saudis man. The Saudis in the
Pakistan. That's what we need to be taking some serious action baby. I'd be
ruling those tanks right through the deserts of Saudi Arabia sticking the long American
shoe up in the oil fields until it knows those ragheads out. Get out. Get out
wide. It's still got time before we start taking the out. You don't mean for dinner
either. Not for a falafel. Not for take out falafel. Not for a falafel long time.
Come on. 157 votes on the pool better get better. Keep pushing on it. If we don't get
13, I believe we can leave. Even though they won't put us on the air about it.
We just got to sit and continue pretending to be doing a show until they tell us
not to. Okay. That's what I'm hearing. The seismic shift that midterm
elections brought to Washington's political landscape was welcomed by many area
yesterday who opposed the war by last week who opposed the war in Iraq and the
harsh methods the Bush administration has employed in fighting terrorism. From
Paris to Pakistan politicians, analysts, and ordinary citizens said they hope the
democratic takeover of the House will force President Bush to adopt a more
conciliatory approach to global crises and teach the president many people see
as a cowboy a less than humility. But some also expressed fears that the
split in power and lame duck president might stall global trade talks and we can
much needed American influence. On Iraq some period the Democrats will force a
too rapid retreat leaving that country in the region in chaos. Other said they
doubt that it turned over congressional power would have a dramatic impact on Iraq
policy anytime soon largely because the Democrats have yet to define the specifics
while we just got through we've been destroyed by four to six months which is
about as specific as they got. The US ambassador to Iraq said the American policy
would not dramatically change despite the democratic election success.
Zalme Khalilazad the president is the architect of US foreign policy he sent a
video tape distributed by the US embassy. He's the commander in chief of armed forces.
He understands what's at stake in Iraq. He understands the stakes and he likes
him medium will. He's ordering ribs. Remember that thing in the front hand on
him he was a fixing up dinner at the ribs shack or whatever it was. He's
a crofford. He's fixing to have some ribs. Good old country boy but a big
10 year on hat. Tony is a 40 high up to an half dollar bill. That whole
bush band we man. Texas my ass. They're from Texas like Hillary's from New
York. That bitch. He ain't saying too much these days. Good. That's all she did.
I've won speech. I thought she did a fine job by the way. Don't matter.
She's no Barack Obama. He's got her last student. The only one there's one
thing she's got or two things she's got that he ain't got. Well I'm sure she's got
ordinate that he ain't got. I hope so. White skin. Right. One of them is the
Clinton name and everything is money and I mean lots of it. The biggest name.
So best talent. It's just me or Rodgers. Forth radio five sixty. You.
A. M. is a buffalo bill.
Got a bone. And so good here. Then would he act like teacher and
get the money. And make brownies filled with hair. And would he share it with
Jesus and the saints. Those highest. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
What a god. No. Can't. A. Smoking. A. Like one of us.
This Pride on the sense it doesn't look like.
On. Open for you know to get some.
This message in.
Something.
I'm back to J. Oh, that's the movie.
No, so big bob Marley on his throne.
No fun in heaven this year.
So how about a bumper cigarette says WWJS? What would Jesus smoke?
So that's 132 maybe that's what he would eat the best stuff.
Maybe hash browns. The man arrested on Saturday for setting more than a dozen envelopes
containing fake anthrax to wear their worst celebrities, journalists and politicians
may have fasted a conservative supersite three republic court-of-raw story.
You know free republic.com like newsmax.com.
We're probably yeah. Freak.
Chad cast again a 39 year old California named as the FBI's prime suspect in the case
is due in US district court in LA today where prosecutors are expected to file criminal
complaint against him for sending threatening letters through the US mail.
Cast again has an extensive online history often writing about science fiction and conservative
politics and many bloggers are convinced that he's also a contributor to conservative
activists three republic websites another name Mark Costanzo.
Earlier today, users at the liberal website's Democratic undergranted David Coss brought
to light the similarities between Castag on his internet footprint and Costanzo's writings
of free republic and roster raised fund a series of eyebrow raising connections between the two men.
In one free republic post Costanzo contends that he hails from the town of
Portland Hills the same city where Castagana was arrested.
Sorry I was so late in replying but this room where I'm working online from is a scorcher
Niaf Nunequistans erot in July of this year. Temperatures were 160 reasons to shave this Saturday
here in Woodland Hills. Liberal bloggers noticed the possible connection after doing a Google
search on weddings by Castagana Google and letter posted to the website of the magazine science
fiction weekly at the time of their August 26 2000 to wish who Castagana wrote,
the future is not the current events of our world thrown into water space.
The future is not with the liberals not with the multiculturalist both hate America
and it's certainly not to be found in Canada. The future is not written the future is unformed.
Nearly four years later the following passage was written by Mark Costanzo free republic.
Let us create a future of infinite possibilities devoted to the agenda of the social engineers
who work their corruptiveness through the one-way world of television.
World where anything is possible but not everything is possible.
Anything can happen but not all things can happen at once. That is what time is for to keep
all things from happening at the same moment. That shall be the only rule of our new fantasy world
that an event only happens once. What has been done cannot be undone. There's no turning back
to Stanzo time. You can review the past they cannot change the past.
The vision of a possible future to the present must be taken in the context of the present.
A cosmos not governed by compassion tolerance or equality but common sense and mirrored.
A universe of strange and totally new life forms and not this derivative reflections of human
characters just to make some social allegory. That is the insipid bearing wrote a political
correctness that sci-fi entertainment has been a slave to us for so many years.
The future is not the current events of our world thrown into water space.
The future is not with liberals not with the multiculturalist both hate America
and certainly not to be found in some cheapo TV production made in Canada.
The future is not written the future is on form. Sound familiar like a minute ago.
The similarities implicate Stanzo in at the least plagiarism of the anthrax host suspect
but the other points of contact between the two men. Most striking is this
Kastanzo comment from September which before the anti-bush MSNBC anchor Keith Obernolsen
threatening fake anthrax letter in New York. This partisan loudmouth overman is a demagogue.
Someone should find out where he lives and mail him a Ted Kaczynski letter he wrote.
After Obernolsen received the fake anthrax Kastanzo post of the following.
Not to make the life of the situation but drama queen Obernolsen put on quite a production
even after he had been told the powder was harmless and checked out by doctors and told he was fine.
He demanded that he be rushed to the hospital for more tests. I wouldn't even be
remotely surprised if he mail it to himself. I've never seen so in more desperate for attention
and approval. I heard from a liberal blog that Obernolsen was a primidom at the hospital,
giving the medical staff in the cops a hard time. Keith is a whiny little bitch except in that
he did not believe he sent it to himself but that's just guesswork. A few weeks later after
fake anthrax was sent to New York offices and Democratic Senator Chuck Schumer Kastanzo wrote,
hold it here now what are the facts? The links provide few details this info is very sketchy.
And when the Washington Post recently received a piece of mail with suspicious wife powder
Kastanzo commented, I heard recently that the Washington Post got interrupted briefly the other day
because of a suspicious letter. I read about this at Wankett.com. They said that the letter only
contained harmless powder of boric acid. Kastanzo's profile of free republic reads in part,
I have an associate's degree in the science of electronics. Kastanzo again has web history
indicates an extensive interest in technological gadgets and understanding of electronics.
A blogger with daily costs claims he was uncovered other aliases as well. How do you like that free
republic? I don't think there are much of that. I'm understanding and not that there are much
of that right way nut job. Just like the people on newsmax.com who are, you know,
certifiable and maybe in a rubber room. So the rest of us might be safe.
So 190 votes on the pool were down here 1300. How do you like that?
Okay. What a day. Josh is going to take home that movie match point and be treated like a
really awesome. And you agreed with me the ending was fabulous. It was totally unexpected.
Yeah well they fooled me. I thought I had it figured out but they tricked me. They surprised me.
You thought you had it figured out? Yes I did.
I won't watch it tonight but maybe tomorrow and I'll get back to you.
What are you going to be watching at football game tonight?
Yeah but I also... Nothing to be finer than to beat up by Carolina and who they will not
adopt. Yeah! That would be bad. Don't be watching the bucks in Carolina.
You probably get more important fish to fry.
Including at least 200 stories I'm going to be sending now that this outlook express,
you can blame George for it. They're tough. Just touch a one key and boom.
They're like just set off an outer space like an in a one shake of a horse's ass. Unbelievable.
1292 on the pool. What's you think on these pools? They're fine.
986%. You know what that convinces me?
They're fine. That's a fact.
I mean,
best talent.
Well that is just very much for 20560.
Disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Hello, gentlemen. I just lost 15,000. Just 75 to go.
How do you know it's me? You get all I need.
I apologize for my depression,
Better, better that super.
Safe.
You're sitting in here.
Yeah.
But, uh, uh, uh, you're still pretty in your late writing shirt
Hey, I'm your damn sexy in your triple ex-viggle shirt
Yeah, actually not a look skirt, it's torn here
Sexy, isn't it? I'll steal up the deal in a family in Sexy Show
No, dressy, no, take too long and it's not eating all that rock could be no
No, dressy, no, dressy, no, cookie dough
You think it's time to change your life through the snow
No, dressy, no, you're still a cake
She's got a little room to boil, we don't care how much you roll
No, dressy, no, you're damn sexy in your triple
You're still pretty girl and you got that all over sexy girl
Oh yeah, she glows, I mean, blows, anyway, she's a Scientologist too, Kristie, you know, not only is she fat and disgusting
But also probably a client case, but she's wacky, wack
144, 16, 0, 2, and 5, 6, 6, 7, and the QMY, and they show us just zoomed along today, hasn't it?
Yes it has, hasn't really?
It's all good, it's good to be damn
Now what do we got today? We got the Panther game today, and I haven't even mentioned this after the Humper's on 4 o'clock
Of course the five is the power hour with Humper and a Mad Dog together
And then you got Humper 5 to 7, Panther preview with 7 o'clock, Panthers in a Washington Crab atles at 7.30
How to be a Spectacular Crab for that game, followed by the Education
The Panthers are a little off their feet, and they're not that good
13 everyone votes on the floor, we got 13 plus, that's all you need to know
Eric Margot, Margotless writes, and they turn on our son, the future is made in China
Is everything made in China?
That is them
While American voters were finally giving President Bush and the Southern Fried Republican Party a
Wichly deserved long overdue driving last week
I was off in China, Eric says, observing a nation that while originally authoritarian is at least governed by capable intelligent people
Rather than the bug-brained politicians and crack-butt ideologues that have run America under the rocks
Here in Beijing, for my umpteenth visit since 1975, I've seen the future when it still says, made in China
This gigantic white trappler of 25 million steam destined to become the world's new capital city
Provided China's economy still surging in over 10% a year, remains strong and political stability continues
Beijing's massive news skyscraper is huge government blocks, broad traffic clogged our avenues
And miasma of smog and dust, you're at the look of an imperial capital in a science fiction film
A miasma of smog and dust
Last week, Beijing staged a grandiose summit for 48 African leaders who received $10 billion in aid from China's new leader, present huge in towel
Energy voracious China and I get 30% of its oil
About 30 million!
America and go with just past Saudi Arabia's Chinese leading world supplier
China has been on securing the line here of Africa as the suppliers of oil and other strategic resources
China Africa trade has served 30% to $50 billion in 2003
China's non interference policy means its trade need come without strings, a major plus for authoritarian African-Rage teams
At least China's not hypocritical
While Washington boycotts Sudan and Zimbabwe over human rights, it co-sees up to other major violators like Egypt, Morocco, Algeria and Tunisia
The summit was a lavish spectacle with convoys of big waves and limousines racing down the avenues, dancers, dreamers, acrobat, small armies, the tough security details
And regiments of China's feared paramilitary police scowling at everyone
China announced a third quarter of trade surplus of 102 billion U.S. Beijing's modern-tier reserve has finally topped the trillion dollars U.S. surpassing the former cash king in Japan
Beijing continues to finance America's spending vented by lending it billions
China's mammoth trade surplus and rising flood of foreign investment has swamped the nation's banks with cash
Just like Georgia's bank account, it swampled cash
This internal field indiscriminate speculative investments, especially in real estate and a gold rush frenzy that often obscures China's solid economic development
This flood of how money poses a serious danger in discriminated investment leads to overproduction which then causes a depletionary crisis that could aid in financial meltdown, Japan excruciated similar phenomenon in the 90s
China's government has been struggling without much success to restrain this investment dragon, Beijing refuses however to allow its control seriously undervalued currency the Yuan to float as its trade partners demand
As in what you want
The undervalued Yuan has given China a huge surplus, the motor of growth at its pollination out of poverty, China still needs to deal with hundreds of millions of struggling farmers, state industry workers and unemployed, so refuses to allow the Yuan to winch up by more than 5 percent
If Yuan were allowed to float, say, Chinese bankers, people would rush to convert to dollars causing a dire financial crisis
Anyway, are you Chinese officials? Why is your China pay the price for America's proplicy in refusing to save and running huge government deficits by reviving the Yuan?
The US Treasury is printing too much money in order to keep America's debt with an economy growing
Since 60 percent of all US dollars end up abroad, the Bush administration's reckless spending over stimulated money policies have caused a dangerous worldwide cash flood and serious imbalances to the global economy
US Republicans would do well to take pointers on capitalism from China's communists who have beaten the Western devils at their own game
What you want?
Drugs? What are you old?
13,004 votes on the poll, and like I said, we don't have any problem with the polls that's doing it, just coming up with one
Right, we'll do one
What is your girlfriend, Hillary?
Her governor, Adrenal, who I would love to see on any ballot as far as I'm concerned, but I think the American people are like me, I think they really do favor
Governors, people who have executive experience, people who run something, created jobs
Run for your life
What's your take on these polls? That's our poll question, they're 13,004 votes on air, it's not too shabby
They're fine, 989, almost 76 percent
Since I said we have over 76 percent, that's when they stared like going for other things, just to piss me off
Right, what are we really here?
They're fine, 989, 75.8 percent
Once a week is good, 136, I think George has come up with a good poll suggestion once a week
When you think with this poll that we got today, since it's about to poll, when you think that Charlotte affects the Senate a whole bunch of new stuff, is anybody fixing any poll ideas today?
No
If they have you didn't send them, you're sitting on them
Oh yeah, sitting on the polls
It feels like a poll is me, they're like my next vacation, you're probably sitting on a whole pile of stuff, you know
That's it, you see right through me
Is he sitting on him, George?
Yes, he is
The only guy sitting on the poll is he's looking at six foot too because he's using that huge pile
Yeah, I bet you're not a pile over if it's not polls
I hate this poll 67 to 5.1 percent, which, yeah, what are you going to do?
They stock the poll stock 59 and get rid of them 54
That's a negative, that's not really too big on a negative rate compared to what we usually get with these people
Now here's my poll for tomorrow, I usually don't do this, but I want to make sure that once we get it started
I don't leave anybody obvious out
And I was inspired like I said by that article I read about Dog the Bounty Hunter and his crack problem
Who's the biggest foamy of them all?
Oh, very good, here's my short list
Maybe not that short
Rush Limbaugh, Reverend Ted Haggard, Bill O'Reilly, Mark Toli, Dr. Phil, Dog the Bounty Hunter, Oprah, Jeb Bush, or I hate this poll
Alright, Jeb Bush with the Family Vaguism is just so much for my personal fan
That next stuff, all his goody-tooth shoes, religious of BS
Anybody else out?
Well, the president, but if you put him on there, you know, everybody will vote for him
Yeah, we don't want to put our president there on all these polls, because that's easy
Yeah, that's like swatting flies off your ass, you know, anybody can do that with their tail
I think I got a pretty good list there, that's damn good list
The biggest foamy of them all, Rush of course with his pill poppin
Why don't you drop people below and behind bars, you're all endangered in society, yeah, right?
Reverend Ted Haggard, who of course goes without saying, you fairy
Bill O'Reilly, the heavy breathing Bill O'Reilly, Mark Toli, which we all know about her, Dr. Phil
Not just, I think I might have to vote for him, although O'Reilly created him, right?
Dr. Bounty Hunter, always castigating everybody with BS of about, you shouldn't be doing drugs and should be doing this
And being such a goody-tooth shoes, in the meantime he's a alleged crack-smoking nut job
O'Reilly goes without, I just get angry when I see her, there aren't too many people I get angry when I see them
Really? Your prison is one of them in Oprah, she is another one, I mean I don't begrudge anybody anything, but she's like, not just making billions of dollars with a B
But she's like a legendary, the women of the country like she says, if she says go out and fart in somebody's face, they're all out there squatting, man, they're the way now
No matter what the law is, oh well here's Oprah's vocalist and here's Oprah's of this, and Oprah's that, and Steadman, who cares? Who'd help with Touch that cow?
Yeah Bush we got on there, which I think, he will get a lot of votes, he'll see. He's wildly popular, that's what they always say about him, he is wildly popular in Florida
You don't think there's a lot of stupid people in Florida, do you? Yes, of course they just elected their first gay that we know of and they don't know nothing about it
Anyways, 153 Akua and the dolphins, who did the dolphins play next week, Josh? Who the Patriots play? The bucks still will lose in Carolina tonight, nothing gonna be fine in the loss in Carolina
Hey, if the dolphins can win, I got hope, man. That's right, there's hope for just about anybody
The biggest name, both political and their entire, 400 chickens and snow at, that's thank you
It's day, oh my enemy child, as five six, oh WQA
Your friend and Flickim is beautiful, and you know, it'll come back to restore chaos, but we hope we will
So this day, it's time to announce, it's time to kick those bastards out of this, so we're gonna follow him
This is a love of love, freedom of thought, a love of love, freedom of thought
The dolphins, who did the dolphins play, the bucks still will lose in Carolina tonight, nothing gonna be fine in the loss in Carolina
The dolphins, who did the dolphins play, the bucks still will lose in Carolina tonight, nothing gonna be fine in the loss in Carolina
Bye bye bye
