George Bush doesn't care about black people.
I'm like a son, I'm a feather-wintered straight about my friend George Bush.
Some people sleep where noses out of joints.
If they need drugs, black men, so what's the point?
Because as a candidate, George Bush is fine.
So what if he snore down the line?
Well, he's a best-tem candidate, I see him.
Who I don't care is being caught in fat-temant.
Who read the inflatement was it taking mine?
So he's too much.
He's down the line.
I guess I just don't understand what they do when you learn.
But that's letting President Saliannis do nothing to earn him playing her another home in the country.
Like Gerald Boer, for instance, he's fine.
Obviously he was on the same room, otherwise why was he falling down on the same room?
And like Jimmy Carter, he was able to.
But I believe he was so hot that my skull bleeding needed even though there were osages for the first eight months.
Why even way back to watching that room?
I do believe the only reason they jumped down the cherry tree was because he had the lung juice.
Play your body.
10.02 is our QA M9 sports time.
I can't believe my cable box is a minute slow. How's that possible?
I thought the guys were getting out early this morning or something like that.
I thought maybe they'd give me back some of that time from lately.
You know, these rejoins that we have that go on for like about five minutes.
See, I don't really think, well, I don't want to go into it.
What's the point? You know, I'm not going to let anyone's clearance on anything.
Because he's the expert. He's been in the business for what about 10 minutes?
Or you're going to say that you don't think that these people want to hear these long-ass rejoins about.
Yeah, about the game.
Yeah.
And about some sports interview that was on like seven days ago or whatever.
And I was going to say, what do you do?
People on and on and on.
Like I said before, it's like having four on a show.
Of course, I don't know how many breaks they're doing the rest of the day, probably 10.
But we have four breaks an hour. It's like having four or five minute newscasts an hour.
Great programming clearance to you, idiot.
And then the end of the show, you know how you try to back time so you get out of here right on time every day,
which I try and sit you to do.
And then yesterday that long ponderous region where the mad dog is, but I beat, but I mean, usually he's pretty entertaining and caustic and whatever.
But it was just ponderous. You know, we all have our ponderous moments.
And it went on and on.
Am I right Josh? Did echo on for an interminable amount of time? Or was it my imagination?
No, you're right. It was pretty long.
And what are they thinking about? How long do those have to be? Why can't we say, get managed two to four week days, blah blah, or whatever?
You know, whatever it's going to be, whatever that rotation is.
Yeah?
Gelly, nice for the man for the hopper.
Something.
What do you know about broadcasters?
I know nothing about this businessman.
Thank God we got a program director with years and years of experience who is presiding over 20 hours of sports radio that are just kicking our own ass.
Big time.
So when Miguel likes the mancaus show, huh?
Well, he says he's listened twice and there's nothing wrong with it. That was in fact common.
And he doesn't know anything wrong with it.
It comes in my mind. In other words, it's listenable.
I don't want to sit here and promote that thing before you know it.
It wasn't bad enough that Sean screw this up with that anti-min pool yesterday.
Yeah, that was horrible.
Probably P.O. would have him army a lot of the audience.
And now you're trying to shove him up the ladder to a mancau.
But that stupid ass Steve Lapiguy and Norma Kent is boyfriend.
More bad news from Iraq. I can't believe it. Can you believe that?
Why don't you ever read any of the good news?
Because there isn't any.
You won't believe the songs that George found between yesterday and today.
And also we got my computer unscrewed up. Thanks, Eric. Nice going Eric.
You idiot. I think he was probably responsible for being
so difficult in the first place, but nevertheless,
that would get him all we got. He is so emotional.
At least 119 Iraqi policemen were killed in shootings,
abductions and bomb attacks in October. The Interior Ministry said today,
underscoring the tool of Iraq's relentless violence is inflicting on the poorly trained
and under-equipped force.
Iraqi President Jalal Talibani said on a trip to France it would take his country two or three years
to set up its own security forces and send US led troops home.
Two or three years, you can only imagine how many more dead troops we can have by then.
That's right.
It's more murder and bloodshed we can have.
That's what I mean.
Don't state the course.
Yeah, state the course. Never said it, but let's state the course.
What's the worst thing about men we asked yesterday in Boy,
you people were not happy with that pull. I apologize profusely.
Not. If we could do the one about women, why not do the one about men?
Although interestingly, since our audience is almost entirely mailed,
when we did the pull about what's the worst thing about women,
I think there was on Monday, whenever the hell it was.
That's the only negative I see.
On the history here on our website,
I have to define job on that.
But you don't see the date. You know what I mean?
You have no idea what the date was when we took these babies?
I see.
You follow what I'm saying?
So when I go back in there, when I'm really stuck for a pull idea
and I go back into the history and find an oldie, but a goldie,
I don't want to golly.
I don't want to do one that we just did like six weeks ago or something.
And of course with my senior moments that I have now,
I remember when the hell we done it.
You know, I'm sure he could arrange it so that the date would show.
Well, I'm just tossing that out there.
I don't want to create any defugalies for him.
What's the worst thing about women?
And let's see, I hate this pull.
It was only 6.4%.
What's the worst thing about men which we did yesterday?
The leading response was, I hate this pull, 25.7% out of 1472 votes.
379 of you guys said, I hate this pull.
Nothing wrong with men.
Well, go ahead.
All right.
I hate this pull 379 of Session with Sports 188.
There's Slavs 158.
There are too many of them.
That was Georgia's idea. 127.
I don't think there's enough.
Yeah.
Of course, if I could like wave a magic wand,
I'd create a whole lot more of them.
You know what they'd all look like.
But nevertheless, in fidelity 119,
they lie like hell 114.
Nothing, they're great.
Men are great. 108.
Now, what was the deal we had on the women?
Let's see.
Only 6%.
Here we have 7.3%.
What's that bad?
Men are inconsiderate 105.
They rape 81.
That was Georgia's wife who said they're all rapists.
And that's what her limited experience of course is with.
Oh, we were watching the news story.
No.
Nothing, they're perfect.
Men are perfect 36.
Well, whatever you say.
They can't commit 35.
They're homophobic.
They're not into them fangus.
22.
They're very upside about that whole fag scene.
Unless of course it's lesbians which they like a lot.
What am I going to do about this clock being?
I mean, it's slow here.
I don't understand how that can happen.
Because it's supposed to be like, you know, the atomic clock.
I know it's slow.
Because I'm looking at my city pulse clock on here,
which is 100734.
And everything still says 1006.
It's coming up on 1008.
I don't get that.
How is that possible?
If you set it ahead an hour, we can leave an hour early.
It says it's 152.
Not a rough idea.
Now, you're always talking about South Carolina,
the difference between North and South Carolina.
That is correct.
A 23-year-old clover South Carolina man who police say tried to dig up the grave of a 12-year-old girl
after seeing her picture in an obituary.
It has been sentenced to 20 years in prison.
Ryan Nicholas Garcia never did find the girls grave.
Thanks God.
And to all investigators, he wanted to take her home and have fun.
Clover police within a Randall Horn.
Oh, brother.
Take her home and have some fun.
Garcia pleaded guilty but mentally ill yesterday to two charges of destruction of a graveyard.
Circuit judge John Hain sentenced Garcia to 20 years in prison.
Ordinarily registered as a sex offender.
How can you be a sex offender when you want to do a dead person?
Is that offensive?
Well, it's offensive to anybody, I guess.
But you see what I'm saying?
You're offending the carcass.
Two mental evaluations found.
Garcia has a chemical imbalance in his brain that makes him want to have sex with corpses and children.
That's the offensive attorney John Rhea said.
What?
The chemical imbalance thing.
That's a good excuse.
I think Garcia hasn't decided whether to appeal.
The fact that he's in South Carolina, I think that should be a... that should come for something.
Garcia was arrested in May 2005 after running through a grocery store where he once worked
in a full-life green coat, black sweater, camouflage gloves and a mask.
Officer searching his car found a black plastic bag shovels a pickaxe and other digging tools
prosecutor Van Hall said.
Garcia then told police he was in birth because he was trying to dig up the girls' grave.
He had seen the name of a little girl in the obituaries the paper Hall said he thought she was cute and he wanted to take her home.
Here like a pet, like a chatea pet.
Definitely he went to the cemetery and found a hole about 3 feet deep.
Garcia told them he dug at the cemetery twice but never located the girls' body.
Garcia, who was a national merit scholar at York High School in South Carolina,
told the girls family he was sorry.
I apologize to anyone I heard with my actions.
He said clover by the way South Carolina is about 20 miles southwest of Charlotte, North Carolina.
Does that explain to you?
Right, he's right on the border there.
Right.
Does that explain to you about the...
Oh, I, I say if Major came from Raleigh, didn't he along with Joe Bell?
Which is North.
I say North Carolina.
Well, nothing to be finer than someone from Carolina.
He can stand out of Carolina.
I don't know what it is you like about it up there.
See, you could be out there in the woods in like Curtley and Idaho or like him...
Yeah, but I can't drive there conveniently during the vacation.
Or like in Aintree, which is far away, Georgia.
Right.
Well, I don't understand because like when the time changed on Saturday night,
naturally everything, you know, everything connected with a computer automatically went back to daylight or to a standard time.
You don't have to posky with it.
So how is it possible that my cable box, I don't know, which has always been...
The pendible is always I always give the time off of that, you know.
Now I have to keep the city pulse on.
So you're going to have to keep on CNN.
Good.
I'll stand this until I figure if there's some way I can reset the time or something on this.
You think that's possible?
No.
Could be.
Like I can go to menu.
Yesterday we were poaching around with the computer on the show for a half the show.
Maybe I can do it around with the cable box today.
It's the Ditaline show.
Let's do it.
Final poll shows were still voters main concern.
You realize today is Thursday.
Election Day is only, let's see, Friday, Sarah, Sunday.
Five days away.
I had to do that with my fingers.
Another senior moment.
The Iraq war continues to be the prevailing concern on the minds of voters New York Times
and the article that will appear on the cover of its edition today already did.
According to the final time CBS News poll before Election Day, American cited Iraq as the most
important issue affecting their vote and majorities of Republicans and Democrats so they wanted
to change the governments of post to the war said, Adam Nagordi and Megan Thee.
Only 20% said they thought the U.S. was winning the war in Iraq down from a high of 36% in
January.
The poll underlined the extent to which the war has framed amid term elections.
Nagordi and Thee also report that aside from the war in Iraq, the poll included worse
minikabies for Republicans as they go into the final days of the campaign in which many
of them are bracing for losses seats in the House and the Senate.
They're off-sourish as they say in Indonesia.
The poll found that just 29% of Americans approved the way Bush is managing the war in Iraq
and actually in the lowest mark of its presidency.
Out!
Matter of the Sun.
Nearly 70% of Americans had Bush did not have a plan to win.
The war in the overwhelming 80% said Mr. Bush has laid a staffer to rally public support
for the conflict and mounted a way of changing language but not in policy.
In other words, he can say, stay the course or he can say whatever he wants but he ain't
fooling too many even the dumbest of the dumb.
How do you like that?
And in a year when there are many close races and where the party is successful turning
the voters out could prove to be key, Democrats were much more enthusiastic than Republicans
about voting and more likely to say they would support their party's candidates.
The Republicans were slightly more likely to say they would turn out.
50% of independent voters, they closely watched segment of the electorate in such polarized
times so they intend to vote for the Democratic candidate versus 23% who said they would vote
for a Republican.
Among registered voters, 33% said they planned to support Republicans, 52% vote for Democrats.
That's a 19-point lead.
And no matter how many John Curie's they tried out of the woodwork in the next five days,
it's going to be pretty hard to blow that.
Unless, of course, we have another big osama tape or like another one of these contrived
events, something up Karl Roves sleeve and up Mark Foley's ass.
10-13, well I'm all confused in this time.
You have no idea how disconcerting it is to look at the clock and realize that it's wrong.
I could look at my watch says 10-13.
Yes, they'll tape it up to the board there.
Right.
I'll take you one thing to speak of the numbers.
It's Dylem actress's birthday and it's there.
About 30 minutes.
It's the happiest birthday.
They've been around a long time.
I've been new business with Dylem actress for years.
They are sensational.
It's the most pleasant, the easiest piece of shopping that anybody can do.
And to celebrate their birthday, Dylem actress and Simmons are offering the lowest price of
the year on best selling Simmons V duress pillow top.
How do you like that?
It's their birthday now.
My birthday is Sunday.
Happy birthday.
Neil, thank you so much.
But don't mention it, please.
You can choose from South Florida's biggest selection of Simmons V duress with same day delivery.
If you're finally ready for a good night's sleep call, Dylem actress had 1-800
mattress and get yourself factory direct, unbeatable prices and award-winning service with no nonsense,
no BS.
You don't have to slurp all over town to comparison shop.
Forgetting about those overpriced betting in departments stores, that's not the way to go.
Dylem actress gives you 12 month financing and with Dylem actress, an unbeatable delivery deal,
you pick out the date and time for delivery and the seven days a week, eight and more until 10
a night, give them a two-hour window and they show up.
Even the same day that you call, like noon to two, one to three, two to four, three to five,
and all these at times.
That's why Dylem actress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction and why everybody
queue away in anybody with a brain uses Dylem actress.
On the web, check them out at mattress.com or make that one easy call.
Just reach over and grab your instrument, one 800 mattress, one 800 MATTRES.
Leave off the last as because it stands for Stu Pendo Savings and South Carolina.
The biggest name of the best challenge to the business, Neil Rogers, for 205-602-AM.
Hey Luis Miguel, play it, baby.
Hey, hey, baby.
Will they cut me at the airport?
I didn't have the time, collapsible the time, but did I do all of the paperwork?
That was a sneak.
20 in total.
In my carry on, said it was a problem.
At least it wasn't a fact, do me.
Oh, we said my car.
Don't need every time.
Should've probably had a cop from the arm, but now everything is calm because there wasn't
something to ever risk sneaking on a bomb.
OK, 10-18, that's our correct time.
My thing still says 10-17, it's coming up on 10-19.
This thing is almost two minutes slow.
Wow.
Isn't it speed?
I guess when it gets to 10-19, this thing will say 10-18.
Like I said, it's a minute slow.
How is that possible?
It would be like if the atomic clock was a minute off.
So if anybody out there is a minute late for an appointment, blame us.
OK, it's my fault, my bad.
And you know what it probably is, it's probably because the cable box here is all screwed
up because of those long rejoins we have at the end of every break.
And yesterday, wow, at the end of the show, see, I'm trying always, always desperately
to back time to make sure that I don't run over.
Don't I do a pretty good job of that?
I mean, do anything else good to the whole show, but I get out here by two o'clock.
I don't believe it.
It doesn't matter, but we both do it.
Well, back in the old days, when we first came on this horse ball radio station,
and when Mepho and Little Dog and Guilty run at the worst team show in the morning,
all while they had, they're going to run a couple of minutes over today.
They had a very important guest on there.
Like, you know, I don't understand that.
I realize we're not running a network or something, but he's, I mean,
if his there a clock at a walk and you read the time, you need,
you need, it's like these guys who have to have the board on,
tell them what to take a break.
Oh, yeah.
That just, that just thrust my fat old ass.
But anyway, what am I talking about?
Let's take a look at today's pool.
Well, you know, you thought that yesterday's pool was, had an assert an aroma to it?
We did this one a long time ago, years ago.
I don't know what the date was because Eric hasn't done anything in the history yet.
I don't think he's going to be able to do that.
But for a goalsy, he can do anything.
Eric can do anything.
He's a computer magician, a wizard.
There, yes, recently during that last break, he told me that he figured out
what your problem was and corrected it on his own somehow.
Thanks, Eric.
You, I told you, he's the best.
Oh, he is a wizard.
He's fat, but nobody's perfect.
And he's very vincin.
You consider yourself, we have eight hundred eighty three votes, completely open-minded.
I mean, this is just so ridiculous.
Four hundred and forty five,
fifty point two percent of you say you're completely open-minded.
In other words, not a trace of bigotry prejudice.
You're full of crap.
That's what I consider most of you.
Full of crap.
I don't know.
I don't know anybody like that.
Do you?
No.
Pregnantist 298.
I put up a little event now.
Let's see.
That's the least.
I hate this full 70 that 7.9 percent.
Again, a little bit on the high side there.
Racist 47 and a total bigot.
Twenty five.
That's what I voted.
Total bigot.
I voted prejudice because I got a problem with gypsies.
Yeah.
I should have probably, I don't know.
Pregnantist would have been good for me.
I'm not a total bigot, but I voted that to try to be, I don't know, really honest.
Because I have my prejudices, especially with all my trips out there to woodbine.
Again, again yesterday there were some really smartly people there, man.
Smelly, smartly.
Just, uh, I don't know.
I don't know who these people are.
Maybe they come from an apple.
You're from the drags of Italy.
The Italian people that go out there.
Because they don't like the Italians.
I have them counted in Italy right now.
They're going back.
Not that there aren't some shluppers though.
There's plenty of shluppers and gypsies in Italy, but nevertheless.
And it's not.
And then the Russians.
How much?
Oh, I shouldn't have said that because Josh's Russian girlfriend will be very upset.
She don't listen anyway.
How much?
What?
I should have.
She does?
Sometimes.
Yeah.
Well, that's because she wants to do your voice on the show.
Isn't that what it is?
It couldn't possibly because she's interested in what we're talking about on the program.
I mean, she likes old baggy guys.
That would explain a lot.
Man, oh man.
How many stories did you say since you so far?
Thanks for the error.
I forgot that top male thing all straight now.
You're going to have like 700 stories for the website tomorrow.
If folks get, get ready for a long weekend of reading.
Tomorrow is Friday, which means Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday, Saturday.
You're going to be reading up your ass.
Because Josh is going to put stories on there about people who haven't been born yet.
Iran has announced it'll carry out war games in the first year.
No, I was starting to say about the Russian people.
Variations, lovingly, and they don't be the lot.
You know, if we read the poll, maybe this is a good one for tomorrow again.
I don't know.
We did maybe not that long ago.
Do you think there are still people out there still using soap instead of body wash?
Sure.
It's still in the supermarket, isn't it?
Get out of here.
What kind of a schmuck is still using soap?
People who like hair.
People like hair on their soap, yeah.
Especially curly ones.
Give me, get out of here.
It's for the scrubbing effect.
Oh, God.
It would like maybe like, guys, we're in white-buck shoes and
nickers or two-piece bathing suits at the beach.
You just silly old stuff.
I mean, I'm an old funny that he farted on the first one to admit it.
You know, can I say something about that right now since my birthday is coming up on Sunday?
I'm going to be 64, which is very close to a security eligible.
But I remember back in the day, and of course then there were those others who came a lot.
I started ripping off my act, but that's okay.
Probably wouldn't be the best time now to be talking about that.
But as far as ripping the old people, you know, in the
hoi-yah-dia-saufflor to the condom-antality,
oh my God, it's our time, son.
You get out of here.
This is not for you.
You're too young to be that kind of crap.
Where you had to be a retiree to be in South Florida and to be miserable and hateful and stuff like that.
Well, here I am.
I'm almost a senior citizen officially, and guess what?
I said it back then, and I'll say it again now.
No matter how old I get, I'm never going to be like that.
No.
So I don't know what those people were like when they were younger,
but I imagine.
Yeah, they just had other miserable news about me.
I'm asking that, of course, there's something about South Florida that attracts like a maggot magnet.
It attracts that element of old farts.
Miserval, hateful old farts, whose philosophy is it's not important that you
should be happy, but that everybody else be miserable.
Share the misery.
That's the mentality.
This should be a big, big sign.
Welcome to Florida.
Come in and share our misery.
We got loads.
Because I mean, you know, I could understand if you're old and have aches and pains.
No, knock on, oh, gee, that hurt.
Knock on wood.
I don't have aches and pains.
Almost spetly, cause.
Yeah.
And I don't have any aches and pains.
I mean, I don't know how it must be that good thing.
You're not playing hard enough.
No, I don't have any.
Well, no, I actually do have a kind of arthritic shoulder.
That's a slot machine shoulder.
Oh, it is.
I tried to get you laugh at that.
What do you get tunnel, a carpal tunnel syndrome from repetitive.
People said that their computer, all they was more and more people
are getting that from tap, tap, tapping on it.
And they repeated it too.
Motion disorder, whatever it is.
Right.
That's it.
Now you got your thumb on it.
That's carpal tunnel, whatever.
It's all the same.
Right.
Well, I got that in my shoulder now from that putting the motion in my casket at the end.
And you tell me about, wow, you're losing your money if they, cause you know,
you mind your business.
I didn't say that.
That's what you said yesterday.
You know, you give me credit.
I get that from enough people I know already, including,
can you imagine if my mother was still alive?
Yeah.
No, I said, I hope you do.
You hope I lose all my money.
I hope you lose all your money.
Then when I croak, what am I going to leave for you?
And by the way, I'm not leaving either one of you anything.
I know.
So what do I do?
I don't hope you squeeze whatever you can out of me now while I'm still working,
because once I'm out of here, you know, I thank you very much.
Thanks for the memories, but by the way, remember, you're worth more alive than dead to see.
You, yeah.
Oh, yeah, because you know, you're always talking about rimmer and people like that about
klingons, you know, although at least you contribute something.
Josh, of course, does it, but reluctantly, you know, he pretends he doesn't want it.
He's all right.
He just doesn't want it.
He just doesn't want to be overbrewed.
And I can understand that.
And his young guy wants to go out and get drunk and get laid every night and go home
to his ugly old roommate.
They do sleep in the same bed, though.
Oh, and also I discovered that I knew it.
NHL players on the road have roommates.
They sleep in a two-door room.
Yeah.
Josh, which one of you, I guess it was Josh, because you know nothing about sports anyway.
He was giving me crap out.
I don't know.
Professional athletes don't share rooms on him.
Of course they do.
What is wrong with you, man?
Well, remember, we got a call about that.
And it was hot.
That did that a lot.
I think it's hard.
Don't do that.
Well, what differences do they make?
They don't sleep in the same bed.
They sleep in the same room in different beds.
They're not doing each other necessarily, although some of them probably might be.
And that's just the way it is.
Since you're so uptight about that, and for God's sake, your age has got a male roommate,
the second one now, again, that would be...
You know, I have roommates.
Get out of here.
Oh, really?
Everybody's all mad at me.
He's all mad at me.
He's got a male roommate.
And I'll show you yourself.
Remember, he works in radio.
Yeah.
Oh, that's another factor.
Yeah, he can't afford to be living in a nice, posh place by himself.
How did that collection go yesterday on the court of the church of substance?
And that's a good, huh?
I got about 50 cents.
Take a thimble out there on the stand on the street and see this generous audience of ours,
who are so full of crap.
Look at that.
50.2% are completely open-minded.
We love everybody.
We don't care about blacks or Hispanics or, yeah, right.
Or fags.
Right.
Hold on to that.
It's 10.27.
See, I'm doing my break based on the...
on Cuban time.
I don't know what the hell's going on with this.
Doesn't it strike you as being a little peculiar?
Well, Eric says they don't use the atomic clock or anything like that.
Get out of here.
The clock has always been right in sync, man.
Right on top.
Right in sync.
Always the right...
Bye, bye, bye.
He's sync.
Maybe they haven't calibrated it lately.
Get out of town, man.
They just had a little bit of weekend when we changed it.
When we swish the clock back.
It's arbitrary.
They don't have to be talking to you, but I'm not really all that freezing against darks or really not.
I don't like that.
I hate dealer.
I just want to stay in my camp.
Take the time and stick with it.
I don't want to change the...
Oh, okay.
It's 148.
See it?
Yeah.
What are we going to do about those rejoins?
I know it's told them that before, but they won't listen to me.
No, sir, they're too long.
Too long.
This is what we can't want to say.
I can't really say that Kenny and Bo Mourning show, 7-10 weekdays on QM.
Why can't we just say that?
That takes five seconds instead of these long ponderous rejoins that go on and on and most of
the martyvary entertaining or amusing.
It's like a contest.
It's like an endurance contest.
How much of this crap can you endure before you finally shut the radio off for change at
the station?
You just don't understand that that's what people want to hear.
What?
Is a bunch of sports nerd crap?
Yeah.
And not just on the original show, but repeated again throughout the day.
You know, show up is going to be 10-30.
I'm going to do two breaks back to back like the DNews to do, Alan Burr.
Yeah, I think it about to me.
Experience the difference at Mercedes-Benz and Pompano.
And don't forget at Mercedes-Benz and Pompano, it doesn't matter what time of the month or
what day of the year it is when you're by a vehicle, because you always get the same fabulous deal.
Whether it's one of the brand new 2007 Mercedes-Benz luxury sedans, the 2007 GL class, the first
Mercedes-Benz full-size SUV, or their large selection of great certified pre-owned cars,
you always get an unbeatable deal.
When you choose Mercedes-Benz and Pompano, there are over 200 employees working their brains off,
dedicated to providing you a comparable service, offering you express lube, courtesy vehicles and
complimentary car wash too.
Make an appointment to the business development center, you can even dealer miles just like frequent flyer miles.
Browse Mercedes-Benz and Pompano's indirectspo with over 150 new and pre-owned vehicles, or go to
benzpompano.com, B-E-N-Z, benzpompano.com on the wicked web.
Experience the difference at Mercedes-Benz and Pompano, you'll find them at i95 and Copens Road,
call 1-800-New Benz, any W-B-E-N-Z.
That's 1-800-New Benz for Mercedes-Benz and Pompano.
Trust me when I tell you, Mercedes-Benz neither like no other you be ever seen.
The biggest name, so best talent to be a salesman, for radio 560-U-A-M.
Don't believe it.
And yet you admitted that there were these CIA secret facilities.
So what lies that got within the law?
The head of Amnesty International says secret sites are against international law.
We just agree with them.
And plus my job is to protect you.
And most American people, if I said that we had to, who we thanks the national monument,
and I would say, the plasticity thing to get information out of them, we're outcortranists,
which is what we did.
I have the obligation to make sure that our professionals, who I would ask to go,
and conduct interrogations to find out what might be happening, who might be coming to this country,
I want to get into the tools they need, and that is clear law.
This is an important point, and I think it's a good point.
The point I just made is the most important point.
And that is, the program is not going forward.
Maybe you can give a hypothetical about North Korea or any other country.
The point is that the program is not going to go forward if our professionals do not have clarity in law.
And the best way to provide clarity in the law is to make sure the DT&E treatment act is the trucks of the law.
That's how we define common article three.
And it's such a good standard for the countries that you just talked about.
Mess�.
The common article three says that there will be no outrageous appointment.
It's a very big, what does that mean?
How outrageous is the appointment of the dignity?
What does that mean?
What the hell does that mean?
It's 1034.
Look at that.
Actually, they finally put the Eastern data standard time on CNN on the bottom right of the screen.
Just a moment ago, they said 730 or 3, whatever.
Eric says this table company clock is always off.
Well, mine never is off.
I've been doing shows in the studio for almost five years now.
And it's never been off.
It's right on. You could set your life on.
It doesn't mean it won't be.
It doesn't mean it won't be.
It won't be what?
Oh, wait a minute.
Now it's back on again.
I see.
I don't know.
I just switched over to the company.
It's just on CNN.
Well, who the hell does CNN know anyway?
Are they on the atomic clock?
My watch is the atomic clock.
Yeah, watch this.
It's a satellite calibration.
The city cost says it's 1035-13 and my cable box still says 1034.
I'm Stan City Post.
You watch CNN at foreign crap.
I don't want to watch that garbage.
That is so popular that he talked about it.
Get out of here with that novella, tell a novella.
Get with a negative cheers.
I'll put Playboy TV on the audio if you don't watch the video.
Oh, yeah.
There you go.
Didn't add dump button every two seconds.
Double-dug, there you go.
938 votes.
You can see to yourself completely open-minded.
477.50.8%.
You are so full of it, man.
I never met any of that part of our audience or anybody else.
I don't know such people.
Do you?
No.
I already asked you that.
Pregidist 314.
Everybody's got prejudices.
Even if you don't like people with red hair, for example.
See, most people wouldn't consider that to be a prejudice.
It's a, you know, just a thing.
It's just part of your emotional makeup.
You're about to look at people, southerners, people.
That's right.
You red necks.
Yeah, who's drooling ye, who's with the proper, proper hanging out.
Silly-ass screaming queens with cloned mustaches.
Things like that.
People with silly white hair and dark-cafoney sun-tans like Charlie A.
Christ.
Pregidist 314.
That's a little bit better, a little more honest now.
I hate this full 75, 7.9%.
A lot of hate going around.
Of course, it's Florida.
Racist 47 and a total bigger 25.
I shouldn't have voted for that.
I mean, compared to the average Joe out there in the street,
I'm about as broad-minded as you can get.
Right.
And I'm a bigger.
And I'm, you know, see, people just lie just like that pool we had the other day about.
Men lying, almost all our audiences, men.
And they lie a lot.
Not all men, just most of them.
They lie through their teeth.
Oh, yeah.
I think there's nothing wrong with, you know, filling the blank.
Just like that stupid fact I got about 10 of flying angle with New Jersey.
Remember that?
About the people from Asia, India, etc.
Just like Toronto.
It's just a big, you know.
The sun is shining, man.
It's a beautiful day here.
Of course, it's only 38 degrees, but that's beside the point.
You know, what's wrong with a little chill in the air, right?
Right.
No snow yet.
I'm looking at the forecast.
Looks like some flurries overnight.
That's going to look too promising.
But nevertheless, it's called the chill.
It's a change of season.
And you know what that is?
That's a great rationalization.
Oh, I enjoy the change of season.
You enjoy it, you're ass.
Okay?
That's just another lie.
It's like saying I enjoy when it's freezing cold.
And I'm slipping in the ice and falling and almost breaking my neck and trying to drive
through two feet of snow.
Nobody enjoys that.
But they give you that line.
It's a rationalization.
Because nothing is perfect.
No place is perfect, right?
Right.
Oh, look at that line of crack coming.
Man, there's some snow around.
Not here, though.
Wouldn't surprise me if most of it dumps on the pew.
Maryland is on track to repeat the chaos of the 2000 election in Florida.
Even without butterfly ballots and hanging chairs, Maryland faces several elections related
problems that threaten the accuracy and propness of next Tuesday's results.
Oh, boy, here we go again.
Uncertainly looms about that state's electronic voter rolls, the number of training of poll workers,
and anticipated challenges in the aftermath of election day.
I am very concerned, said U.S. Representative Ilagi, coming to Maryland Democrat.
I don't want anything to wonder my missed democracy.
The security and reliability of the state's electronic voting machines have been questioned for months,
and the machines performance in September's primaries have reinforced doubts about Tuesday's voting.
We're setting ourselves up to become another Florida.
How can you have confidence in the outcome of the election, said the Reverend Bobby Henry,
and attorney and associate minister at Jericho City of Praise in Land Over?
Oh, boy.
Have we gotten these voting machines fixed or what?
According to a recent study by Princeton University,
the Dabbled Election System makes electronic voting machines, which are being used in Maryland,
other states are vulnerable to a number of extremely serious attacks that undermine the accuracy and credibility of the vote counted producers.
The Princeton report echoes the findings of several other studies that have found the machines vulnerable to hackers and viruses.
Two weeks ago, a 2004 version of the computer code used in Dabbled's machines was mailed anonymously to a former delegate.
Many officials have railed against the machines like a paper trail to verify votes.
They're raging against the machine, Ma'an.
The Democrat control legislature this year killed a bill that would have set up machines to scan paper ballots.
In September's primary elections, faulty electronic voting machines,
some of which rebooted continually after 40 votes had been cast, caused extensive delays,
and lots of voters were turned away from the polls.
And I'm assuming especially the darker their skin was, the greater the likelihood they get turned away from the polls.
When you say, I imagine.
In fact, if it's up to Bush and his Bushites, I think probably let's bring back the poll text before next Tuesday.
It's going to cost you $1,000 to vote.
Cool cash. No credit card. Sorry. No food stamps. Cash.
You don't have $1,000 cash. I beg your pardon? No food stamps. That cost both of you guys out.
Oh, man. Yeah. Chris probably a joshing going to vote anyway.
Are you? No. Faster. What a what a weasel man.
What a Charlie Christwin. By the way, the latest Florida poll shows these backup six points again over Jim Davis.
You know that's Charlie. Hey, Chris, you're a hypocrite phony below me in the closet.
Next governor. You know, why should it be any different? We're used to that.
We don't have a phony phony fat ass dysfunctional governor like the Jepster who still remains so wildly popular in Florida because there's so many stupid people there, I guess.
1040s are QAM Josh Strabtime.
The biggest name of the best talent for the business beyond Rochester.
440560.
The USAM.
Station at Brought You Dead celebrity concerts. 560 WQIM in Miami presents your chance to win an all-it-span's paint trip to Caliore City, Florida.
Yes, another that prestigious, popular along the winding Glen of Powerline Road.
It's the land of Pesto, Purple and Sea grade greenhouses, named for the congenial game show moderator, Bud Caliore.
You'll stand a luxurious half of what remains of the days in conveniently located off the turnfights, where you can relax and sip a Mickey's Digmouth at the edge of an exit rep retainer fund.
But wait, there's more. Winners will receive a $100 shopping spree at the abandoned Jefferson's on Hollywood Boulevard.
All you have to do to enter is write a 560 page thesis on the correlation between sports dynamics and blatant homosituality.
And if you can make our program director hear this sound, then you win and all-expand page rip to paradise.
That's a guy.
Another bogus offer from the misguided management of WL.
WL.
Two. Two.
A.
YAY!
A.
A.
That's our exciting news for him.
My clock is back. I don't know how the hell I happened.
Most of automatically be adjusted or something. Have I really decided to set it?
You think? Yeah.
Yeah, I do hear you knocking my cable people. Their name is Rogers by the way. So just be aware.
All right. They're the best.
10.45 is our QAM accurate time for those who are keeping track.
Don't forget we got news headlines at the top of the hour.
Women and Central's in Bavoy are selling sex to truck drivers for fuel.
Report us today. How much?
They say it's more than you got. They say it's more profitable and being paid in cash.
Police spokesman Costa Tadua told the Daily Mirror, which is privately pro-government newspaper, in Harari.
It's a long way to tip Harari.
It said the young women from Midlands province were soliciting truck drivers on the busier highway between Harari and Bitebridge, the border post with South Africa.
It's really alarming that young women are exchanging sex for 20 liter containers of diesel or petrol said to do.
I wonder if there's any diesel bikes.
Fuel has been in short supply in Zimbabwe. I don't offer several years now.
And there's a lucrative black market. I wonder if that's a play on words or just still.
You know, the government has set the price of fuel at just over $1.20 a liter.
That's like about five bucks a gallon almost.
But it sells on the streets and privately run service stations for up to $8 a liter a year.
Oh, brother, you asked.
Sexually transmitted infections were increasing in the area of the acting major in the local hospital confirmed.
I can't imagine why.
Every day we treat different cases and we are seriously worried about this.
She said about 3,000 people die from HIV, AIDS, Zimbabwe, each and every week.
3,000 a week.
But who cares about that? Because it's Africa, right?
And they're dark people and that's why the rest of the world don't care.
All this business about, well, for, they're like, well, nobody cares, you know?
Right.
Just the way the world is, a bunch of big and advanced. If it was white people dying like flies there, they probably still wouldn't care.
No, I wouldn't care.
Wouldn't you?
What, I'm not a side of the world? Who gives a crap?
We got our own fish to fry and racing.
Iran is announced. I started doing this a half an hour ago and then I stopped.
You interrupted me with some crap about my time being wrong?
Okay.
No, what are we going to do about those damn rejoins?
We're going to save her every precious second of them.
No, I think I brought that. I don't know if I brought it to Joe Bell's attention or certainly her predecessor.
But they don't care, you know?
Oh, now you're working like Bob Green used to say, now you're getting involved in a minutiae.
You know, like anything that has to do with length of listenership and what we actually, the product we put on here,
it will be like telling the sales department that we should like really service the accounts.
You know?
See, there it goes, making trouble again.
The longer the rejoins are, the lower your numbers will be because it's deluding the show.
He doesn't want to hear that.
I don't want to hear it.
And I like all the people on the rejoins.
I like them all.
I just don't want to hear half of their show all over again.
You know, that thing games to the end of the show and I'm sitting here and I'm doing my best to try to figure out
you know, back timing.
So we got out of here.
Almost, almost precisely speaking ofahaha.
Mhmm.
And then all of a sudden here comes on his Redo and then the mad door is going,
Ballad.
Ballad.
Yeah, about coaches who have, you know already dead stuff that nobody cares about anymore,
and it just goes on and on.
It's like Clarice's way of infiltrating our show with as much as its wealth as he possibly is
he can give.
He needs to be taken out.
To the other end, it'll bring more people to see.
Just like a dog that's got wild diarrhea,
he needs to be taken out.
Put his ass on a leash and take him out now.
I leave him out.
God wouldn't idiot.
Iran is an obstacle carry out war games in the Persian Gulf
just days after six other nations, including the US,
held a series of exercises in the same area.
Iranian state TV said they military maneuvers
named Great Prophet II would take place in the Gulf
and see if Oman starting today.
They're probably doing it right now.
Oh, man.
I'm an exercise.
Oman.
The war games are aimed at demonstrating
the deterrent power of the Iranian Revolutionary
guards against possible threats to General Yaha Rahim Safabi,
commander of the Revolutionary Guards, was quoted as saying.
Safabi stressed that the drills were not
a threat to Iran's neighboring country saying,
our neighbors are our friends.
The guards just want to prove that they're ready to resist
in any threatening situation.
The announcement came two days after.
I wonder if there are any red necks
in the Middle Eastern countries living?
I'm sure they have their equivalences.
The announcement?
There were?
Equivalences.
The announcement came two days after the US
Allied warships finished two days of exercising.
The Gulf which were described by Iran as adventurous Australia,
the Bahrain, Britain, France, Italy, and the US
were not in proof security in the waters of the Gulf
through which about 20% of the world's oil passes.
It also called on Gulf nations to set up
their own regional security arrangements.
The US Allied maneuvers focused on surveillance
with warships taking tracking
a ship's suspected carrying components
of illegal weapons.
Safabi also told state TV that the Iranian exercise,
see, this is the thing that is so amusing,
although when you're American,
you're just not supposed to view things that way
since we're all ethnocentric and whatever.
But if we have them, then there's no such thing
as illegal weapons.
But if other countries designated by us
have certain kind of weapons,
depending on what country it is,
like Israel and it's okay,
but if it's like one of the rag head countries,
and of course that being the case,
I can't even imagine one of the many reasons
why they hate us like poison.
Well, because we're good, our friends are good.
That's right, everybody else is fine.
We never harm any innocent people.
This is what's going to be right.
Iraq.
Sure.
We would never have an honest military adventure
and attack countries that have no represent,
no threat to right without provocation.
We would never do that.
So 981 votes on the pool,
will be a hell of a feather in your cap
if you got to 1000 by the top of the arm.
What time do you change the pool, by the way?
Five, 30, 30, 30.
Oh, 30, it's not bad.
If you're gonna change it around five,
we'd have over a thousand votes.
Oh, David, that's all right.
I was struggling, struggling,
struggling all afternoon, all evening,
get my money back.
And I damn near did twice, twice was losing my ass
and left there not losing too much.
And I felt like I won a million dollars.
That's part of the psychology of gambling, you know?
When you're losing your ass and you get a good chunk
of it back and you damn near break even
or if you actually do break even,
you walk out and fell, oh, I just won $10 million.
And speaking of that, the lotto here on Saturday,
there was no winner last night.
I only got 25 bucks.
The lotto was 24 million on Saturday.
Now if you were me, wouldn't you play that heavy duty?
If you were a big shot like me.
Well, because you, yeah, absolutely.
I would spend all my money.
Now there's only 14 million combinations.
So if you wanted to be really clever,
you could go into the store and say,
give me just wheel it.
You know, give me every combination for a dollar.
So that's 14 million dollars.
The jackpot's 24 million.
And you think, boy, I'm gonna make 10 million.
But then come to fight out there like four winners.
So you get six million back and you just spent 14 million.
See what I'm saying?
Not a good idea.
Fearful of damaging his own party
and next week's elections,
John Kerry, a Pulitzer eyes yesterday
to any service member, family member, American
offended by remarks deemed by Republicans
and Democrats to be insulting US forces in Iraq.
This is what the Republicans have got to run with now.
A John Kerry is above phones.
If we didn't already know that.
And they took his words and they twisted them around.
And you know, six days before the election,
they've democrat 2004 presidential nominee,
said he wanted to avoid becoming a distraction
in the final days of the battle for control of Congress.
Yet it is sincerely regretted
that his words have misinterpreted
to apply anything negative about those uniforms.
It's kind of like the war in Iraq.
Remember, he was against it before he was for it?
No, he was for it before he was against it.
Right.
In a brief statement,
Kerry attacked President Bush
for a failed security policy.
Yet his apology issued after prominent Democrats
had urged him to cancel public appearances.
It was just, just stayed a hell of a way, Kerry.
OK?
It was a sign of public controversy
that party leaders feared would stall their drive
for big gains on Tuesday.
With polls showing the public opposed to the war
in Iraq, Democrats have expressed increasing optimism
in recent days that they'll gain those 15 seats
to eat when they control the house
and pick up the six seats to win the Senate.
A bigger challenge, but they got a shot.
For the Democratic Senatorial Committee
that meant pumping about a million dollars
into an Arizona race long thought out of reach,
but now they got a shot.
For the Caterpour Republican Committee,
it meant a four-way into Maryland,
also view this an unlikely state
where they'll pick up a seat.
Kind of interesting, though, in Maryland,
their Senate candidate is Black Republican steel.
And they got those bumper stickers out steel, Democrat.
Not that they're assuming that the Black voters in Maryland
are stupid, and they're going to really believe
that just because steel is a black man,
he automatically is a Democrat,
they're going to vote for him as a result.
You see what they're trying to do?
They lie a lot.
Kerry beat a grudging retreat
and is returned to the national campaign spot.
Like earlier on the radio program,
I'mus in the morning, you're so boring.
The Massachusetts Senator said he was sorry
about his box joke about Bush,
but it'd be better to move it up.
Democrats cringes, though,
at the prospect of the Massachusetts Senator
becoming the face of the party
for the second consecutive national campaign.
No one wants to have the 2004 election replay
and said Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton
like Kerry a potential contender
for the 2008 nomination,
and she also must be dancing on his grave.
She must be saying, boy, if you think,
I'm like, we wait to see Teresa again,
hopping around like she's on whatever,
doggy uppers.
I mean, anybody who didn't notice that she was like
constantly medicated during that 2004 campaign,
Teresa Heinz-Kerry.
Oh, here, here, here, here.
Well, you know, the money I got, I can eat whatever I want.
She was just crazy person.
I wonder he acts like that, herman monster.
In fact, one of the web stories
refers to the MS Herman monster,
but nevertheless, I got some great news
in my next piece here.
I got a piece about Katie Curric, okay?
She is really doing it.
Not stop.
No, that's great.
No, if that's stupid, it's stupid, CBS.
How stupid is she?
She's making how much $80, $20,000 a year for that crap?
For going on there, coming in a distant third?
God, almighty, that would be like signing the dolphins
for a trillion dollars,
and then we're going to bluesing almost every game,
and you lose your ass on it every year.
It's a good thing for those schmucks
across the street that we're losing their ass on the marlins
every year to kind of like balance it out,
although not nearly as much I'm sure
is they're losing on the fish,
on the rotten, ugly, stinkin' fish.
I've played at Buffalo Bill's song, you know?
Haven't played it in a long time.
Are you sure?
Because they're really pretty weak to say the best.
995 votes, we're going to have our thousand votes
by 11 o'clock no matter which clock you're looking at,
Mr. and thank God,
and my close personal friends at Roger
is a cable for getting this clock fixed.
I wouldn't be surprised if I had something new with it.
When you think that's been listening.
Yeah, right.
Everybody's listening.
The whole world, the whole universe is listening
even on your rainers.
The biggest name, so...
What's life like?
The biggest is...
The Unrotum, so...
Of course, Radio 560,
is you A.M.
This is the Unilonger Show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
No.
It's missing things.
Why they make you throw out all those things?
You cannot take for a place.
My body wash, I'll bet you that's a liquid.
Can't be taken to a body wash on there.
How about we are so...
How probably are you going to drop it
right there in the middle of the aisle?
Mm-hmm.
And you know this flight attendance,
especially the male flight attendance on planes.
Yeah.
Anyway, we got a thousand seven votes on the pool,
and I still say most of you are liars.
Now, maybe these people are thinking,
well, this is like relative to the majority of people out there.
Can you know what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
You follow that?
I'm following.
I'm trying to rationalize why they're voting like this.
Other than the only possibility being that they lie like
crazy or they're in denial,
that both of those...
Because I've discovered over the years
that most people are in denial of being in any way bigoted.
Because it's just...
It's got a nasty ugly connotation.
And since I'm nasty and ugly,
it doesn't bother me in the least bit.
You consider yourself...
Completely open-minded, five hundred and fifty point three percent.
Is anybody by and at, huh?
No.
There's about as much chance of anybody by and at
as there is a rumor by and you'd next ten years dinners.
Prejudice, three hundred and thirty nine.
Thirty three point, six percent,
a third of the audience can consider themselves predileuced.
I hate this pool, 83, eight point two percent.
Well too bad.
Racist, 48, and a total bigot.
Look at how many on that.
About thirty men.
Which I...
I think, you know, there aren't too many total archived bunkers out there,
but I think that the average person is closer to being...
You know, prejudice or a total bigot than they are to have it like being completely open-minded.
Who the hell is there?
Completely open-minded.
People who are raised in a bubble.
Yeah, people raised in a cocoon somewhere.
People don't get out of the house much.
Because all you have to do is start meeting a whole bunch of people and say,
Oh, wait a minute.
I'm not quite as open-minded as I thought I was.
What's that smell?
Now, seriously, the body wash thing.
I just...
You know what I'm gonna do?
They won't let me take it in though.
I'm gonna bring a case of body wash to a wood mine.
I just have a sit in there at my feet and then just...
You know what I'm gonna do?
They won't let me take it in though.
I'm gonna bring a case of body wash to a wood mine.
I just have a sit in there at my feet and if any smelly old Europeans come on,
Just hand him a bottle, okay?
They'll take it if it's for free.
They'll take anything.
Probably try to sell it out in the lobby.
Here's some great news, okay?
We don't just bring it to bad news that he pressing the morbid news.
We bring it to good news.
Despite her news-making interview with Michael Z. Fox last week,
Katie Courage School of taking the CBSEV news to the top is getting further out of reach.
They thought she'd taken it at the top and said it's a flop.
Her average audience is 7.3 million viewers left the CBSEV news.
1.1 million behind ABC's second place world news.
It was the biggest gap between the two broad castings that we could for Roy Sixth,
according to Nielsen.
NBC's Nightly News led the way with 8.9 million viewers last week.
And of course, always being there in the cutting edge,
I watch Nightly News every night with Brian Williams.
I can't stand that booth announcer they got who obviously is union,
who does the open to it.
That guy who sounds like he's 100 years old with that kind of screwy voice.
He sounds like Ben Grower on acid.
That's for chicken heck.
I've actually members Ben Grower.
Oh, Courage scored the attention getting interview with Fox on Thursday
after it was criticized by Rush Limbaugh for supposedly playing up symptoms
of Parkinson's disease in the campaign that but it caused no appreciable jump.
Thursday's broad cast had 7.4 million viewers,
usually 7.3.
So what's the point?
CBS and Courage have cracked some new things with the newscast,
including longer interviews and a free speech segment
where guest offer opinions.
In light of the crappy ratings,
they're likely faced pressure to head away more traditional format.
Courage average of 7.3 million was identical to Bob Sheeper-Ancher news,
cast during the same week in Go Nielsen said,
the same week in year ago,
funny, dirty and really cruddy.
However, ABC and NBC were down from a year ago.
CBS has pointed at that movement and its own broadcast improvement
among young demographic said proof that progress is being made.
Rome wasn't built in the day,
neither was CBS even in the news crew.
We were totally restated this week.
It's a process and being in the middle of a process
while sometimes challenging can be frustrating.
That's really in many ways the fun part.
The fact that she sucks and don't belong under,
nobody wants to really say that because that would be bad.
That would be an insult.
Who would say such a thing?
Backers like us who want to tell the truth with Bud Kradier.
The news is better for CBS in prime time,
where, once again, all three versions of the CSI frame
try to finish them on Nielsen's top 10 shows
as did the Strong Southmore series Criminal Minds.
Well, that must be about our sales department.
None of the World Series games on Fox
between St. Louis and Detroit,
the lowest series ever rated managed to crack the top 10
last week.
Isn't that embarrassing?
Wow.
The World Series.
Once upon a time in America,
everything stood still when the World Series was on.
Reheli, I remember running out of school there
at two o'clock being home by 205.
I lived right down the block and rushing in there,
turning on the TV,
making sure the Yankees won the series again.
First to show you how WR when you were a kid,
I wanted the Yankees to win.
First to show how things change.
Scandals alone could cross Republicans
their house majority, writes the Washington Post,
indictments, investigations, and allegations
of wrongdoing, evil doing,
have helped put at least 15 Republican House seats
in jeopardy enough to swing control to the Democrats
to the day.
Even before the larger issues of war,
economic unease and president Bush are invoked.
Too much hanky spanky.
With just five days left before election day,
allegations are springing up like brush fires.
It says four GOP House seats have been tired
by lobbyist Jack Abramoff's Influence Kettling scandal.
Five have been adversely affected
by then representative Mark Follies
on seemingly contacts with teenage male house pages
on seemingly my ass.
That's what I hear.
The remaining half a dozen or so could turn on controversies
including offshore tax dodging,
sexual misconduct, and shady land deals.
Not since the House bank checked hiding scandal
of the early 90s as so many seats
been affected by scandals,
and not since the Amp Scan robbery cases of the 70s
have been charged in Vinso serious.
But this year's combination of breadth and severity
may be unprecedented,
suggested Julian E. Selliser, a congressional historian,
at Boston University.
Now there's the city.
There's a city both you would enjoy living in.
I would mind going back living there again myself, Boston.
The only problem is that way 600 pounds,
I'd be dead in six months from overeating.
So much good food and so little time.
Never been in Boston?
No.
Really? How about you, Jack?
Now, oh my God!
Now what do you both sound so sour today?
Maybe we should go?
No, the biggest problem with Boston
though is for our South Florida's concerned.
Too many young people, too many living and breathing people
in all those universities and colleges.
Oh yeah, that's adorable.
I could see how that would be a problem.
All those living and breathing people
under the age of 100.
All that great food, all that, I don't know.
Republican controlled wash,
oh what am I reading here?
I'm in the middle of a sentence.
Republican campaign officials insist
the theme is not put on with the public,
but even they can see that many individual races
have been hit hard.
They've been hit hard.
So many different kinds of scandals going on
at the same time that's pretty unique,
Zelliser said.
There were scandals throughout the 70s,
multiple scandals, but the number of stories now
are almost overwhelming.
So many crooks in so little time.
At least nine Republicans
seats have been affected by the scandals
and are highly vulnerable to democratic takeover next Tuesday.
Folies of represumation has jeopardized
the Florida House to prevent
and on no one's radar screen.
Under a indictment in the mid-A,
Swirl of Ethics Investigations,
former House Majority Leader Tom Delay
of Texas resigned from Congress earlier this year,
forcing Republicans to mount a long shot writing campaign
for the chosen candidate.
Representative Robert Nase guilty
previous month on corruption charges,
still hangs over the Ohio campaign
of his would-be Republican successor,
Jay Paddard, who, joy, who's got no chance,
especially because Naye has still not resigned from Congress.
The GOP has all been offended,
a long time representative,
Kurt Weldon, the Pennsylvania Federal
Investigators examined charges
that he steered lobbying, contrast to his daughter.
He went on television yesterday
with an ad featuring actress, pleading,
would you give a friend the benefit of the doubt
today, Kurt Weldon needs our support?
Would you give a friend the benefit of a doubt
if he was a major crook now?
Republicans campaign strategy,
and just also fear they've lost the seat
of Representative Don Sherwood,
a Pennsylvania,
who's been dug by the settlement of a lawsuit
filed by a mistress,
who charged that Sherwood had throttled her.
He throttled his mistress,
and that's why your president went to campaign with him.
That's probably the main reason
they were covering up the Foley scandal.
They wanted to keep that Republican seat
nice and secure in Florida.
That's what it was all about, the big cover-up.
They put a blanket over it.
Under the blanket was Foley with a bunch of 16-year-old boys,
naked.
Congress watchers once saw the swing seat
of Representative Rick Renzi,
Republican of Arizona's a missed opportunity for Democrats.
But now as the US Attorney's Office
and Phoenix's examines his role in the land deal
for business partner and a political benefactor,
Renzi's race with political neo-fight Ellen Somen has tightened.
It's tight.
She's not, but it is.
Farther West Representative John Porter,
Republican Nevada, has had to contend
with charges last month by a longtime former aide, Jim Sheppard,
that the Lamega who made dozens of illegal fund-raising
calls for mis-congressional offices,
and two reliably Republican districts
in California under as sought by Democrats,
Representative Virtue W. Pombo and John T. Doe
a little, what a great name for politician,
and relates to Abraham Austin,
obviously politically and genuinely
to fraud, tax evasion, and conspiracy to bribe public officials.
Beyond those nine jeopardized EOPC's,
four of the Republicans have been tainted
by the Foley Page scandal, and it goes on and on and on.
All the crooks that money can buy,
and they do, and they, uh, they, uh, they're in.
1330 Senate pull, and a full 50.4% is going up
considering themselves completely open-minded.
Thank God for our progressive, free-thinking, liberal,
open-minded audience. They love everybody, right?
That's right.
That's why there's never any hate in these poor results.
We don't get any of that.
That's the surly crowd.
That's the Sunrise Lakes Tamer Act.
The biggest name, so best talent to the faces,
Neil Rogers, four-chrit-e-o-fives,
Lincoln, Loser, Dore.
Hey, boys and girls, it's me, Cherelloins.
It's time for T.O. Spare Teas.
Yay!
Here's one of my favorites.
Nidda Jack Horner sat in a corner.
Wide open all day long, single coverage, and Drew Petzle
came to get the moral to him.
I'm open, man, I'm open!
Wait, that's not how little Jack Horner goes?
That's because they T.O. Spare Teas.
Here's another one.
Simple Simon, made a piment.
Who couldn't cover the taller, stronger, more athletic
to Mayor Loans?
Nobody could cover me.
Not even Jeff Bailey.
What's Jeff Bailey?
Damn right.
What he think he is?
Who Jeff Bailey?
What is he is?
Neil, you're scaring me.
Just give one out.
Nidda Miss Muppet sat on the top it.
Board off her ass because Bill Pott sales wants
to run the ball all game.
I'm so comfortable to say to him.
See that?
They want to see T.O.
Run the post, play them to the end.
Don't let your choice out.
He's a short one.
Bob, Bob, Black sheep.
I want to be traded.
No more anyone is out of here.
I don't need y'all.
I don't want y'all.
I'm out.
Hey, there.
Thank you.
No, he's gone.
Love it 16 at 5.60 WQM.
Arvid, pure NN.
You know who he is, Josh?
No.
He's a tennis player for Virginia Tech.
Oh, him.
He haven't got any idea who that is.
Well, I'm rooting for Virginia Tech.
It's the Hurricanes this weekend.
I was kind of hoping and Larry Cokhead would get fired.
I mean, wouldn't get fired.
I really don't care as long as they lose every game.
But now that I've seen that picture of Arvid, pure NN.
You know me.
I'm a sucker for a pretty face.
And as a result, he could play on my team.
Although he's not on the football team.
Tennis players generally don't play football, huh?
Tennis players are doing a little more.
Wastified, you know what I'm saying?
Then I like to read the docs.
They're not like in the contact sports.
Unless maybe with each other.
Arvid, pure NN.
What kind of a name is that?
I don't know.
Anyway, he looks good to him for Virginia Tech.
As if I need an excuse.
Do you think I need an excuse to root against the Hurricanes?
No.
Well, where did that come from?
Who is that guy?
Why, you want to see his picture?
No, I'm just saying like, how do you want to take a look?
Do you want to take a look at it?
How do you come up with a cute tennis player?
Maybe I can move it when you need a roommate.
Arvid has to do it with the story.
He's about to read.
Oh, and then what does not have to do with any story?
I just, I didn't know when the game was.
Okay, is it Saturday?
I would assume Saturday.
And for active, I looked at the schedule.
I'm so stupid, man.
Don't even have to agree with.
I would be at Saturday's schedule, which I have to turn the page.
Oh, Hurricanes, game days at five and the game is at eight o'clock.
You have an Virginia Tech.
Virginia Tech is going to kick their ass.
So I, I Google Virginia Tech, you can go ahead and do it right now.
I'm all set.
What, you got it?
I know when the game is.
No, I'm not talking about that.
Google Virginia Tech.
I'm good with Army tennis player.
Arvid Purinan.
Right.
I'm OK.
ARVID.
Google it.
See, he doesn't have the balls to Google it now.
Why?
You don't ask me?
Ask him.
I don't know.
He's afraid that he might be smitten.
I don't know.
Arvid Purin, something you put on your feet.
Exactly.
Something like some kind of a problem.
Something you put on your feet.
I used to have that at least, but ever since I found out that it was an ARVID, will you
just Google it?
OK, ARVID.
P-U-R-A-N-E-N.
Purinan.
You got it?
We're doing it.
And it says, Hokie sports men's tennis.
And there's this picture right there.
I mean, he ain't no Tom Brady, ain't no Brady Quinn.
He's just kind of a good-looking young man.
And if they got a good-looking young man going to school there, just want him.
That's all it takes to turn me against the Hurricanes.
It's just, I don't know.
It's just a silly thing.
OK, you can make a big issue out of it.
Who is he?
And where did you look at it, Josh?
You see it?
I don't even know.
Get on.
He can't find it.
He's got a pen, I guess.
ARVID.
See, every fag in the audience now is Googling this, OK?
Well, I'm not going to.
He's got his clothes on.
P-U-R-A-N-E-N.
Arvid Purinan.
I don't know how you say his name.
Purinan.
Purinan.
I wonder if he uses body wash.
Now, that whole thing was soap, man.
Every time I shower now, I can't stop thinking about that.
What kind of a person would continue using soap?
It would be like people that use...
What did they used to use before they had tied and sheared?
What kind of detergent...
I'm asking you guys now, I'm older than Mathusla.
They used the old rock by the side of the river.
I guess.
It would be like using that instead of regular detergent.
What do you mean, do you check that?
I haven't heard that.
Arvid yet?
Is he a can you plan our team?
I googled it.
I'm trying to go to a website.
I'm not getting anything except tennis results.
Yeah, I get lost.
An Ethiopian immigrant was convicted yesterday of the...
Remember, I had this story.
General Mutilation of his two-year-old daughter, right?
Khalid Adem.
He's weeping on the witness stand.
He's weeping.
He's going to hanky to his eye.
Maybe he's got a style.
General Mutilation of his two-year-old daughter was sentenced to ten years in prison.
I was believed to be the first such criminal case in the USA.
Khalid Adem.
Thirty.
Thirty, man.
Was found guilty of aggravated battery and cruelty to children.
What if he stole Sally Fitz's battery?
Prosecutor said he was sentenced to remove his daughter's clitoris in his family's
Atlanta area apartment in 2001.
The child's mother, fortunate Adem, said she did not discover it to more than a year
later.
I guess it's a good thing the daughter's name isn't fortunate.
It's unfortunate.
Unfortunately.
Unfortunate, yeah.
Adem had no criminal record.
Could have been sentenced up to forty years in prison.
He held his face in his hands and wept loudly after the jury's verdict was read.
Why did he weep?
During her father's trial, the girl now seven clutched the teddy bear as she testified
on a videotape that her father cut me on my private part.
Federal law specifically bans the practice of general mutilation but many states don't
have a law addressing it.
Well, that wouldn't also include male circumcision when that'd be the same general mutilation.
Maybe that's what they don't have any laws addressing it.
Georgia lawmakers with a support of the girl's mother passed an anti-mutilation law last
year.
What about Arvid Pyreneen, who think he circumspect?
Who?
But Adem was not tried out of that law since it didn't exist when his daughter was cut.
During the trial, Adem testified he never circumsides his daughter asking anyone else to
do so.
Maybe it was just like spontaneous mutilation.
He said he grew up in Odys Ababa, the capital of Ethiopia, and considers they practice
more prevalent in rural areas.
Adem's attorney acknowledged the girls have been cut but implied that the family of the
girl's mother, whom I immigrated from South Africa, may have been responsible.
The Adem's divorce three years ago, and attorney Mark Hill suggested that the couple's daughter
was coached to testify against her father by her mother, who has full custody of the
child.
What's this fax you just sent me here?
Just crap.
It says, John Kerry is paid off by the Republicans.
Always has been mixed and won a bar.
Go away far, John.
And retire, what it says.
Retire.
Yeah, just go away for a few days.
Till the dust settles, the cloud clears on Wednesday or Thursday, or seven weeks from
next circus.
Just go away, Kerry.
The Adem is, let's see, Adam who cried throughout the trial and during his testimony was asked
what he thought of someone who believes in the practice he replied.
The word I can say is, mind in the gutter.
He is a moron.
He said.
Mind in the gutter is what he uttered.
The practice crosses ethnic and cultural lines and is not tied away particular religion.
Activists say it's intended to deny women sexual pleasure.
In the most extreme form, the clitoris and parts of the labia are removed and the labia
that remain are stitched together.
Since 2001, the state deforming estimates that up to 130 million women worldwide have
undergone circumcision.
Nives, razors, even sharp stones are usually used.
The tools frequently are not sterilized, which frequently leads to infection.
It's unknown how many girls have died from the procedure either during the cutting or
from infections or years later in childbirth.
And there you go, that's your civilized world for you.
But you have our very inspiring around.
Such a lunatics.
Jelly Bellies, memo cost, police chief, this job.
Oh, don't tell me we're going to have another one of those now.
Sounds like it.
This is not a practice one either.
Uh-oh.
You think this one is for real?
So let me have a fire in the building in the middle of the show.
Then you'll be flaming.
But more so.
What is this all about on the nowhere?
Maybe they heard about the female mutilation.
When we talked about candy, did they have great length, which is your fault and you shouldn't
have done it?
Uh-huh.
Did we mention jelly Bellies?
No.
Good.
I don't even know what that is.
What is that?
Oh, that's you being a jerk.
Yeah, for a minute there.
You're having an idiot.
What an idiot.
My life could be at stake here, okay?
The building may be, uh, but it started spending that money fast.
I'm shutting the door.
I can't take them more than I had one moment, please.
So, we're out on these stupid fire alarms.
Although maybe that guy's downstairs again.
What guy?
The one I was down there with the fire alarm a couple of months ago.
Oh, that guy.
I didn't forget him.
See, you did.
I didn't.
Maybe he knows Adam Puranon.
Or you can go to the truck if you want.
But police chief Paul Goward was trying to look at him out his department seeing around
his department and seeing Blubber hanging over the belt and some of his officers.
So we sent out a memo exhorting the jelly Bellies to shape up.
In the end, the department lost 190 pounds, all of them belonging to Goward.
He was forced out of chief because some of his officers took offense at the memo.
The October 11th memo brews feelings on the 80 members.
This is in Winter Haven, Florida, by the way.
Winter Haven.
Do at least one anonymous letter complaint from officers about the chief's management
style and made his department a butt of jokes about fat cops and doughnuts.
If they got their feelings hurt to the extent of do something about it, then I did rather
than attending to an unpoiled jettic Goward.
A trim six footer who was forced to resign his $92,000 a year post last week.
Some of the chiefs defender said his officer was a big, awful reaction.
He offered tremendously good advice, yet he was sacked, wrote Thomas Roe, old, a columnist
for the ledger of Lakeland.
I bet you that was the bird's favorite paper.
In his memo, oh wait a minute, they're going to make an announcement now.
One moment please, you're about to die.
Yeah?
Yeah, I do not know my attention.
What's this doing?
See your plan?
That's why I can't hear it.
That's right.
You're all going to die.
Shut up!
It was accidental.
Please be concerned what you were doing.
Go back to your show and cut it out.
I don't want to hear that stupid ass music.
If you don't go in here and punch him in a mouth, Josh, I'm going to be really disappointed
in your manliness.
You know, we turned to what you were doing, you said.
What the hell is happening?
What about the four bashings?
I mean, 85th floor for fun, I love her.
Halfway down the stairs now.
And there's still beef in the beef out there.
That's the thing that gets me.
Okay, it was accidental.
So shut that baby off.
You moron, you idiot.
Maybe this is accidental, too.
Yeah.
In his memo title, are you a jelly belly?
The chief never singled anyone out in a part of the title.
Didn't call anyone any names.
Just a bunch of fat slugs.
Instead, he provided a list of 10 reason police officers should be in shape.
He said, overweight police poorly represent a profession, poop out when chasing suspects,
and might have to resort to a high level of force that criminals got the upper hand
in the fight.
He said, out of shape cops are alive, voted the city and their families, and he happened
to be absolutely correct.
Absolutely correct.
I mean, you know, Canon was a fun TV show.
He liked that kind of show, and you liked Fatal, but you know, this idea of fat cops running
around, huffing and puffing, that don't get the job done.
You know, as they put the crap on it, alarm now.
Finally.
I just have a feeling it's one of those days, man.
I have a feeling I'm going to win that 24 million in a lot of one instead of tonight.
Now, so when you come in Monday morning?
Mm-hmm.
And you hear the sounds of silence?
Yeah.
I would just keep checking your mail every day, sorry.
Sometimes in it.
I'm not talking about your email.
I mean, like your snail mail.
Okay.
Remember, maybe wait for a big FedEx, you know.
Alright, with a big, big fat one for you and Josh.
I'm going to check now.
I mean, the name of these names of the best.
I'll read all the time.
I'll read all the time.
I'll read all the time.
I'll read all the time.
I'll read all the time.
We will find some TV show A.M.
New.
God.
Well, I never thought I'd find the God knows right that I've been through the round days today.
Now, in the classic city of wheels, leapsed up, the way a brother would lie here.
Now, in the evening time again, the dream is cold, then a dizziness of the vaccines.
I got the candle, the quick-chairry yolk.
Dog, baby.
A good, a good, odd, a very charity baby, Bruce.
Dog, baby.
Shiny little, little, little, silly little, hippy, hippy, sophisticated.
Now, to what doubts have the road in a big, dead, super-bally.
Now, in the autumn, stop no big deals, a day of the random pictures of rays.
I got 79, ball-ponged, Carolina.
Showed a goodbye, now he's my baby, Cadillac.
Dog, baby.
Over a chronology, charity, hippy, hippy, hippy, soft, baby.
Shiny little, little, little, hippy, hippy, hippy.
I got my way through the house on a hot summer day, because the AC don't work no way.
The sweaty pressure in my seat, stops the smell, and dips the dusty look at over time.
Now, my back is new, behind the shiny ground and smell like glass.
And my carpet, giant addures, I've been washing it with all the road.
Dog, baby.
Over a chronology, charity, hippy, hippy, soft, baby.
My full shock includes going over speed bumps and shoes.
Dog, baby.
Fresh, fresh, full, all interior, you'll be fantastic to be a baby, please.
Dog, baby.
Baby.
So, anyway, that Peter Arvin in a letter, I'll let him in, and he's sweetest, the tense player.
He's sweet, sweetest.
Okay.
Now, to show you how much attention George pays to what I, the only story that he's claims to be the one that wants to hear him.
Mm-hmm.
You just passed me a story that I read yesterday.
It's about the kid in Alabama that raped his mother, told her trash.
I thought this was a different one.
No.
Oh, okay.
It sounded different.
Kuri Helms, Jr. raped his 45-year-old mother this past weekend.
And Willow Terrace, trainer park, I'm do-world, rather an Albertville.
That's exactly the story we had yesterday.
Even Josh remembers that one, right?
Well, I remember it.
I thought this was a good one.
Yes, I do.
George remembers it.
Whatever it is.
George Josh.
Well, what about that cute Arvin in it?
Who?
I don't know what his name is.
No one out here is anyway.
He's just a guy.
Okay.
He's just a guy from Sweden, okay?
Well, he takes his clothes off.
Well, he puts his pants on one leg at a time.
Whatever that means.
Yeah, it's probably got Swedish meatballs.
Could be.
I'll find out for you.
Grades Publicly released for George W. Bush at Yale in 1964 to 1968.
Apparently, different from grade records for Bush Stewart and his residential hall on campus.
The published grades are better than the grades in the stored records.
What a surprise that is.
Not that he would lie about stuff like that.
Or about that abortion that he paid for in the drove the bitch to the abortion clinic.
Mm-hmm.
Or about his DUI.
Yale has an August tradition of housing students in separate residential colleges, not dorms.
But smaller and more cohesive versions of the college experience.
Bush's residential hall was Davenport, where his daughter Barbara also lived as a Yale student graduating in 2004.
So integral to the institution, where and are those residential halls that for many years.
Important records, including student-graded discipline records, were stored at the individual colleges.
This practice continued well up to the 20th century past the 60s.
Then it was decided that it would be good to have them in a more official place.
So academic records came to be stored in the registrar's or office.
However, the old records continued to be stored in the basements of the 12 residential colleges.
Are you following us? I'm sure his hell not, but ever less.
Also, the records stored in the residential halls were not just grades.
Bush's records, for example, contained reports of his undergraduate shenanigans, including his police records.
According to an informed source, the official school records that the registrar's office were much kinder than these other records.
The key observations come from recent Yale alumni.
One Yale student offspring of an award-winning educator graduated in 2002 with a strong undergraduate record.
Thought out while in the Yale, that Bush had lived in the same residence and was not charmed by the discovery.
A number of students were aware that the residences traditionally kept old grade records.
The student was among those who went down to the basement, checked the older records physically and looked at them.
Students discussed among themselves the disparity between some grades published for Bush and those stored in the residence hall basement.
According to the anecdotes, some of the housed grade records had also been physically altered with grades whited out or obscure in other grades substituted.
Huh. Well, they must have been really good then, huh?
Oh, yeah.
One key question among others would be when the records were altered.
Student hearsay has it that the altering took place during the presidential term of the senior Bush, but that may be conjectured generated by stories still floating around from the institution from 98 and beyond about visits from former First Lady Barbara Bush to campus.
As the mother of a recent Yale alum puts it, there was this sense of control about the visits.
The university was very uncomfortable, evidently from a sense of influence, if not pressure, for reasons not publicly clarified.
Ties between the First Family and the University Donor Base are deep and long standing.
The White House has not answered questions, telephone and emailed in September 2006 and earlier on this topic, their mum.
As most parents know, discipline issues are not entirely separate from grade issues.
One of the services we just don't honestly think that Bush went to history class.
Bush said he did attend, but the grade records indicate otherwise. We don't think he was ever there.
The version of the official presidential biography from the White House website says that Bush graduated from Yale with a BA in history.
Yale students proximity to records out of the same roof was what gave them the information in current, current, webmaster for Davenport Hall.
Davenport was renovated two years ago so that any files that were stored in the basement surely were moved.
I'm not sure if anyone would know if they still exist, but the people who asked would be the master and the dean.
Questions emailed to the pertinent officials have not been answered. Davenport Hall has now been extensively renovated including its basement.
Questions to the architecture from our archives and the basement haven't been addressed.
Issues here include the comparative lack of vetting Bush received as a candidate for the White House, while other contenders were being put through the meat grinder.
The Bush campaign in Texas and DC, a deathly presented candidate, is a homey, Jimmy Stewart type, modest in his demeanor so that his modest accomplishments were a given to be taken for granted.
The last of the secrecy drift and dishonesty in Bush's back, round, word largely given a pass.
The big question is why Bush or anyone connected to him would try altering grades and the answer is Vietnam.
John Kerry comes to criticism about being stuck in Iraq as a flashback to Vietnam when any student who flunked out was genuinely liable to be shipped out of his name was not George W. Bush.
Interestingly, the Ivy League difficult it was to get into was notoriously gentle about flunking out a student once admitted, including legacy students like George Walker Bush who would be expected to get to gentlemen see in any case.
Gentlemen see, at this stage some question remains as to whether he even attained even that for family members to go so far as to present the institution to keep Bush inside the hedges to keep him stateside that they did so he must have been failing.
Unfortunately, there is no inherent unlikely of this narrative given the way Bush was leapfrogged over more than 100 other applicants for the Texas International Guard.
Not that anybody pulled any strings, you understand, to get him in there.
The deeper issue is character rather than grades, assuming that these anecdotes are correct and there's no reason to assume otherwise they are fratitude written all over them.
As any teacher knows it's one thing to help your fellow students by filing professors' old tests and passing them on copies from previous years is quite another to help by passing them on answers to a test or copies of a test as students aren't supposed to have seen.
Studying from old tests rather than going to class may not be the ideal way to learn, but it minimally is legitimate cramming rather than reading something most of us have done at some point.
The other is cheating. By the same token it's one thing to oppose all grades, the grading system on the basis of reasoned argument, the grades don't well reinforce learning.
It's quite another to gain the existing grading system by the dishonesty. Whatever one thing is a grade point average is class standing where the grading system in general, there can be no argument in favor of altering selected grades, ex-post facto.
By the way, in the years that George Walker, Bush and Joe Lieberman attended the over also years that Yale and the other Ivy's didn't admit women.
If the elite institutions had more than doubled their talent pool by many women and historically excluded groups presumably some of these vums never would have gotten into the first place.
Wouldn't that have been a shame? Yeah.
1091 votes on the poll were down a little bit because George says everybody's listening to mankind now.
Right. He knows what he said.
That's what McGill said. Well, whatever, you know, these people deserve whatever they get, especially with the tremendous support that we got on this station man.
It's almost indescribable. You know it from our upper level management from our middle level management, which forget about him.
And of course from that sales department. That's your buddy, by the way. That's your bunk butt buddy from the Carolinas.
Yeah. Chris Jones. You're the one that always runs in these people to hallway having all these all these clandestine get together.
They're like dust and he was in the elevator. He was in the elevator. He was coming out. Now it's on my way.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You should have just shut that slam that door and shut shut the button where it says slow cook.
Slow cook the schnook. How's that schedule for today? It's a Thursday.
Well, I'm telling you this week is flying by. So remember tooth already. We got the breeders come coming up on Saturday.
We got my birthday on Sunday. We got election day on Tuesday. Good. God pressure. Can you feel a pressure? Can you smell it? Wow.
We got the mad dog or two and we will get on here too. They in spite of how long the rejoin is.
I'll just say goodbye. That's all. You should have seen me yesterday. Flampt around here trying to find a bit.
And of course I got my coat on and my clothes and get ready for my wood by Wednesday to get off the door.
And here all of a sudden comes this long, ponderous, unacceptable rejoin. It's going on and on.
And like I said, it's like an endurance contest and trying to talk about your buddy clearance about such things as like trying to talk about
nuclear fishing to my dog to tiny ever tried nuclear fishing. Yeah. Nuclear.
Takes a long pull. Mad dog at two. The power hour with mad dogs solo four to five. Don't hang today. The humbers of the breeders come.
He's got bigger fish to fry. Spear that. And so we got guilty at the end of center on five to seven.
That should be a big tune in the audience in preparation for the Panthers may believe this game.
The least will be who they beat last night. I'll tamp up four to two. Panther people with seven leaps in the Panthers 730. Any K at 11 o'clock tonight.
And Ed Balfour is going to start and go for the Panthers 9th to same any debbiegle who got into another one of his bar room deals up there in Jersey.
It was just a little bit of water on the floor.
The biggest names.
And any of them on flea are in any more 20 or 560s.
You A.M.
God, Neil.
Would you like to become a sports color commentator on plant on television? Then why not enroll in the Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting?
Okay, please let's start a square one. It's not a ball. It's a pig skin. Okay.
It's not a plain field. It's a gridiron and never ever called in the crowd when you can refer to them as a teaming multitude of kinetic enthusiasts.
Okay.
At the Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting, learn how to fill time between plays with spontaneous down to earth batter to which the working man can easily relate.
Okay, class. Repay it up to me. Here we come.
I haven't seen blocking like that since the cavalry sequence in the birth of a nation.
I haven't seen blocking like that since the day.
At the Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting, Dennis Miller himself will teach you how to construct the entire setings using nothing but made up words.
Man, Al. What an ostentatious malaprism of until he ate it nine and six.
So if you were a fan of such a legendary sportscasters as John Madden, Terry Bradshaw and John Meredith, then you should attend the Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting.
And become nothing like it.
I folks, I'm Dennis Miller reminding you that classes could start this week.
Well, I have you on the air making references to the House of Plants.
I've had you there in just six weeks.
The Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting in rule today before Dennis was on ceremonyously fired at the end of the season.
It's 11 and 48 12 before 12. We got a natural there. Aren't you excited about that?
That's thrilled. I was excited about that.
Is the fact that Dennis Miller is not on those broadcast anymore.
Who see that's the main thing. Let's get somebody really clever and witty in the booth.
Let's have 15 people broadcasting the game.
Then we can take the most boring ponderous of game, whatever the hell might be, and turn into a really exciting entertaining event.
Can't wait to take it up.
Like that turning cornhole or there was on the Patriots of Ikingia New tonight.
What does he bring? Josh, maybe you can explain to me. What does he bring to the table?
Josh is not back from...
Oh no, I bet he's in the juice. Now, what do you guys eat already?
We had our how-is this morning, which I just had bacon at Josh orders like three different things.
Yeah, like I know that.
Well, I bet you two have already on the way out.
Probably.
Two.
President Bush said yesterday he wants to defend Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and Vice President Cheney remain with him till the end of his presidency, extending a job,
and to two of the most vilified members of his administration.
Birds of a feather suck together.
Both those men are doing fantastic jobs and they strongly support them, Bush and interview with the AP and others.
On the war in Iraq, Bush said the military hasn't asked for an increase in U.S. forces beyond the 144,000 force holes already there.
He said U.S. generals have told him that the troop level they got right now is what they can live with.
On another international issue, Bush said he was determined that sanctions imposed against North Korea must be applied,
even though Pyongyang has agreed to return to six nation nuclear disarmament talks.
The president spoke in the oral office, seated in the wing chair and tried to put table with a bowl of roses.
Six days before the midterm elections, he steered away from his other questions beyond saying,
he was competent that Republicans would defy the polls and hold control of the House and Senate.
I understand the punts have got the race over, but I don't believe until everybody votes, he said, that is everybody that they'll allow to vote.
Means no darkies, no Democrats, no liberals, no Kami Pinto fags, none of these people, except the course of fags within their own gay cabal.
He velvet underground.
There's a lot of them.
And the name for it is there.
I don't know.
Whatever it is.
Sick.
1113 votes.
Did you guys get back or is he still in the other man?
Wow.
Holy moly.
Maybe he's not coming back.
That's possible.
Maybe he's looking for a putrid arvenant.
Who?
You can sit yourself completely open-minded, 564, 50.6%.
You know, there's something I'd like to say to all of those people.
Oh my God.
Prejudice, 376.
I hate this full 88, 7.9%.
That's way too high.
They don't like the pool today.
But you know what, too bad.
You come up with your idea.
Racist 51 and a total big of 34.
Completely open-minded.
I can't wait.
I hope I live long enough to meet that person.
All of that person probably would be pretty boring anyway.
I imagine.
Goody two shoes.
Oh, I love everybody.
Well, you're an idiot.
Oh, whoa.
Somebody with very, very limited social contacts.
Who loves everybody.
Everybody.
Just like Ray Stevens said, everything is beautiful.
And everybody said, boy, he's dead.
He was pretty funny for about five minutes Ray Stevens.
And I got really, really tired of him real fast.
That'd be a good pool someday, maybe for tomorrow.
Somebody who got tired of really, really fast.
Oh, God.
How about time to show?
See the USA George was playing a shoe fly pie
in the Apple Pan out of this morning.
I don't want to hear it now.
I'm also 16 Ted's by Tennessee, 94.
I'm Caval Records.
Would you kill that piece of crap?
I thought you could at least play like your tarzan
or something like that.
I'm just going to be down a shore.
Could it actually help me?
Sure is.
Oh, shoe fly pie.
I got a better one than this though.
An Apple Pan downy.
What a fuck up.
I can't even hear the engine.
What's that?
Downy shore again?
Right.
Here you go.
What is that?
Buttons and both?
Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, B
ibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Biber
Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, B
ibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Bibery, Biber
And then he began to turn against the war when he saw an innocent Iraqi man killed by American gunfire As a matter of fact, the very next story which I don't have time for this moment, but we'll get to...
Pilots are winning the investigative journalist Seymour Hirsch, Slams, Bush at McGill, Address, and says there has never been an American army as violent and murderous as the one in Iraq. How do you like that? Wow, he must be a county. Yeah, while he's Jewish, you know, Seymour Hirsch. Let's make them the scape-coast again. They're used to it. Let's get off the facts. How about the Jew-fags, you know, like...
Oh, God!
Let me...
1124 votes on the pool. We're just asking your level of credit use out there. And of course, you know, everybody's open-minded. Everybody loves everybody. Especially in South Florida. There's no hate. There's only love and kindness.
1128 and 50.4% say they're completely open-minded. Just like yesterday. You know, I must be lying weak in their South Florida.
The biggest lies of the best talents in the face of the world.
I'm sure you'll throw a chart on Seymour's video 560.
This is Coach Don Schueller. And I sound like Bob Hope on acid. And I want to tell you, it's the 12th of the one hour or whatever it is.
And now, a telephone conversation between Paul McCartney and Heather Mills.
Hello, this is Andrew McCartney, resident.
Put him on the phone.
It's...
Tell her I don't want to talk to her. Tell her I'm in my bubble bath.
He's in the bubble bath.
He's not in the bubble bath. I just heard him. Put the schmuck on the phone.
She knows you're not in the bubble bath.
It's got a shop calling me.
Hello, Paul. It's Heather Mills McCartney.
For the love of all that's good and green, stop using Heather Mills McCartney. We'll get the divorce.
I'm still your wife.
You're not the wife. Linda's the wife.
You're just a bad bit of lasagna before bed.
You're going to regret saying that I am going to drag you through the mud.
My friends told me you were lying, scheming blackmail a little bitch.
There's nothing but love and about you.
Wait till everyone finds out who the real Paul McCartney is.
Your own father said you were a gold digger.
My father is a schmuck just like you, except you're the one who'll be writing a check for $600 million to Heather Mills McCartney.
For the love of all the leaves and the tree, stop using me last name.
It's your name and I'm going to be 50 thinking ridd.
I should be having any contact with you.
I just want to tell you that I'm going to start telling the truth about you.
You're a crazy.
I'm crazy. How about the time when I was pregnant and you stabbed me in the arm with a broken wine glass during a fight?
You lunatic. That was a fight between Carlos and Gabi on desperate housewives on the pally.
How about the time I asked you to bring me 12 lemons and you only brought me two.
Baby needed 12 to make a centipede.
You crazy, Banshee. It was from the movie The Breakup with Vince Vaughn and Jennifer Aniston.
You've lost it. You've lost it.
How about the time when we turned from vacation and you screamed and we constantly...
You say, open the case, Ania. Open the case, do you love bearer?
Wait till they hear that story.
Wait till they hear that story. They'll know immediately.
You're talking about the TV show, Deal and No Deal with our Emendel.
You thought the Delicom views would reality.
How about the time you and undercover police officers in the Boston Mafia?
How about that one? How are you going to deny that, Parmacardney?
I'm a beetle.
You're talking about Leonardo DiCaprio in the motion picture of the departed.
How about the time you made me play kickball with my bad leg?
I love kickball.
I love kickball. Kickball's like my favorite sport.
And you knew that about me before you married me.
Just wait till Heather Mirzma-Cartney gets you into court.
Like we all live in a yellow submarine.
A yellow submarine.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!
12.256 WQA Ampoil. I'm tired of him or what?
Ann Brad Pitt and Brangelina and Tom Kent.
All of the crap. Aren't you tired of it?
Yeah. The whole lot.
Wait till you hear this. This is from the Brad blog.
So here we go again. Just push the yellow button and vote as many times as you want on Sequoia.
Touch screen voting machines, man.
New vulnerability discovered on touchscreen systems made by one of the country's largest voting machine companies will affect elections in
dozens of states. I'll ride California Secretary of State, Bruce McPherson, the United
Knowledge of Honorability, what after his office has been notified. Just push the yellow button and you can vote as many times as you want Tom
Corbat and election integrity advocate from Riverside County, California informed the Brad blog last night. Not that we're in any mood to report
so it's more such stories, but this seems to be a big one, a very big one. It seems there's a little yellow button on the back of every
touchscreen computer made by Sequoia voting system that allows any voter or poll worker or precinct inspector to set the system into manual mode, which allows them to cast as many votes as they want.
Concerns about the flaw were first reported some 30 days ago.
Not 30, man.
The California Secretary of State, Bruce McPherson's office by Ron Wat. It's a hammock County, California precinct inspector who's been a poll worker in the county for
last 15 years. And yet as recently as a radio interview on Tuesday, McPherson has been calling about having the country's most
stringent security process for voting systems, denied he was aware of any security issue with Sequoia systems.
They didn't care about it while told us last night about his late September early October discussion with McPherson voting system chief Bruce McDonald.
He said he didn't think it was an important issue. He said, I don't believe this is a real vulnerability.
Wat and Corbat this agreed in place another call to the SOS office on Friday. After Wat received a copy of Sequoia's poll workers guide,
booklet number three, troubleshooting via a public records request in Tehama on pages 19 to 22 of the booklet, which has marked his confidential and proprietary.
He confirmed a civil manual override the system. He learned about a year earlier and the new manuals confirmed a button was still in place.
Even in the latest models of his Quoia age voting systems, both models one and two.
Wat had been taught to be a poll worker by De La Brue, the former parent company of Sequoia years ago, when the systems were first brought to the county.
The two men placed a conference call with McDonald last Friday after receiving the booklet. McDonald again reportedly downplayed the concerns, but said he'd look into it.
He called Corbat back on Monday afternoon, however, the SACOA, like this has been in the SOS office and it confirmed the vulnerability.
Sequoia's voting machines are perhaps the most widely used in California in some 19 different counties, including both Tehama and Riverside,
which is known as the Home of E-voting as it was the first county in the nation that he ployed such systems.
But identical Sequoia machines are also used in dozens of other states around the country, including Florida, Illinois and elsewhere.
Just put the yellow button on the back of the machine, put that baby in gear. Vote early and often over and over again.
Frequently.
Thanks to the diligence of Wat and Corbat, it is now confirmed that all such systems are completely vulnerable to virtually anybody who wishes to cast as many votes as they please.
I can do it in 18 seconds as well. I can train you to do it in three minutes.
Just push the yellow button and wait three seconds and it chimes. Push the yellow button again, wait three seconds and it chimes again.
Then it's all on the screen prompts. You're asked, you want to intermine your mode and you just push yes and you run your way.
Just say, yeah, you can then vote as many times as you want. You will never have to stop till somebody physically restrains you from voting.
But wouldn't somebody hear the chime we asked? Wouldn't you hear that chime? Maybe you think it was, you know, chime time.
Know it's barely audible, quieter than the beep on your computer when it boots up.
The systems are usually kept up against the wall to be nearer power out and the way from the poll workers for privacy.
Plus if you really wanted to pull it off, just come in with a friend and have them talk to the poll workers to distract them.
No one would ever hear the beep and whatever. No.
McDonald's message left on Corbat's cell phone Monday confirming the issue.
Sequoia was actually in here this morning giving us a demonstration of the feature and how it works and how you would set it up and put it into that mode.
He claimed that the SOS office then contacted all California counties using the Sequoia Edge and he said they're all doing poll worker training and putting up signs to warn people about the severe penalties for tampering the voting equipment, which would fall under most of them putting signs that are actually on the machines.
They're also being very conscious of the placement of the equipment so they can observe actually many of them are, have already planned with signs staff members to do nothing,
but just watch the machines for that purpose to make sure nobody's reaching around or doing anything.
Make Daniel explain on the recorded message.
It's not the voters were worried about doing this Corbat said it's the precinct captain's election officials across thousands of precincts across the country.
This isn't unique to Riverside or Tahema.
Tens of thousands of votes can be stolen across the country he added.
Corbat was furious at Secretary of State McPherson who's been touting his record on security issues for voting systems out on the campaign trail.
A record we might add that seems to have little encounter with the first and frequent public claims.
He has certified system after system in the golden state despite scores of vulnerabilities and accuracy,
failures and malfunctions found in each one of them.
Well, hallelujah baby. How do you like that?
Nice.
So now for making you want to stay home next Tuesday but let the Republicans do that.
Let all those evangelical stay home and rub their tits.
1151 votes on the poll.
Thank God we don't have any bigots in this audience.
We have no we make no room for bigots except the hosts.
Martin Lucas in the McGill Daily writes,
the bad news investigated report to see more Herschel to Montreal audience last night is that there are 816 days left in the
rain of King George the second of America the good news.
When we wake up tomorrow morning there'll be one less day.
Herschet, people's surprisingly journalists and regular contributor to New Yorker magazine has been
a thorn in the south of the U.S. government for nearly 40 years since his 1969 expose of the Meal I Massacre in Vietnam
which is widely believed who helped turn American public opinion against the war
is broken news about the secret U.S bombing of Cambodia.
Covert CIA attempts to overthrow Chile and prison's al Yenbei and more recently the first details about American soldiers
abusing prisoners at Abu Gharrad prison in Iraq.
During his hour and a half lecture part of the launch of an interdisciplinary media communication
studies program called Media at McGill.
Herschet described video footage depicting U.S. soldiers, the U.S. atrocities in Iraq which he had
viewed but not yet published a story about.
He described one video in which American soldiers massacre a group of people playing soccer.
Three U.S. armed vehicles, eight soldiers need to are driving through a village passing out
candy to kids he began. Suddenly the first vehicle explodes and their soldiers screaming.
Sixteen soldiers come out of the other vehicles and they do what they're told to do which is
look for running people. Never mind that the bomb was detonated by remote control Herschet continued.
The soldiers open up fire, the camera showed was a soccer game.
About ten minutes later the soldiers began dragging bodies together and they drop weapons there.
It was reported as 20 or 30 insurgents killed that day.
If Americans knew the fullest end of U.S. criminal conduct they would receive
returning Iraqi veterans as they did Vietnam veterans who were said in Vietnam our soldiers came back
and they were viled as baby killers and shame in humiliation he said it isn't happening now but
I'll tell you there's never been an American army as violent and murderous as our army has been in Iraq.
Herschet came out hard against President Bush for his involvement in the Middle East
in Washington you can't expect any rationality he said.
I don't know if he's in Iraq because God told him to go there because his father didn't do it
because it's the next step in his 12 step alcoholics anonymous program.
Herschet had the responsibility for the invasion of Iraq lies with eight or nine members of the
administration who have a neo conservative agenda and dictate the U.S. post 9-11 foreign policy.
You have a collapsed congress a collapsed press the military is going to do what the president
wants her to says how fragile is democracy in America for president coming with an agenda
controlled by a few cultists. Throughout his talk Herschet remained pessimistic predicting that the
U.S. will initiate them attacking in Iran and that the situation in Iraq will deteriorate further.
There is no reason to see any change in policy about Iraq Bush thinks that in 20 years he's
going to be recognized for the leader he was the analogy he uses is Churchill Herschet.
If you read the public statements of the leadership they're so confident and so calm it's
pretty scary. Almost as scary as those voting machines man.
Mm-hmm. How do you know like that? Does press the yellow button maybe and have a good time?
Wow. 1160 votes on the pool they don't like it. In fact I hate this pool it's got 8%
93 in that band. At two days in a row you know we're going to have to have a lot more pools
from our pool masters out there. Maybe we should have a conference for something.
A conference with Sean? Yeah and our programming department and Josh over there. Oh yeah get
clearance in there that's right everybody. Get clearance in there so we can get it involved in
our pool taking and I'm sure we can take some on you think the hurricanes will ever win another
game you think the dolphins will win another game does anybody really care about how about they
use panthers huh you think the panthers can meet the beat to make believe tonight in the macarena
any interest whatsoever. So you're starting to start again you just relentless universe stuff.
Trouble maker you are a professional trouble maker you're relentless and this anti sports
thing here it's got to get you in big trouble with clearance he's going to turn on you like a
cornered rat. Got to turn like a muskrat. How is that putrid anivan whatever that kid's name is?
Who? How's he doing? That's Swedish kid the Pellis player.
Pellis Perrell. Yeah non-Perrell putrid anivan from VT Virginia Tech. I mean how can a school
like Virginia Tech how many students actually go to Virginia Tech? About third man. That's the thing
that amazes me about all these schools and the big football programs and stuff like that. There's
only one college football program that's of any interest to anyone and of course that's
Notre Dame because Brady Quinn is the quarterback is that right Jack? You bet. Just dummy up.
I mean Michigan state they lose their week they lose their life little girl schools do I care
about that? No no did they care about it then when Duffy do it is him his whole game plan was
two yards in a cloud of dust did they care that? No. And they still don't care as opposed to
those hot beds a football insanity like state 10 where they head coach is 120 years old.
And University of Miami where the head coach is his grandfather. You see that Michael Irving
wants to live a coke head to resign? Yeah Michael wants to coke speaking of coke heads.
What does Michael Irving got to do with the press? What else he doing on the year huh?
Is he supposed to be a role model for the chillins out there for the young ones? He was a player.
Yeah he was a player baby he was a player Rift Snorten player most of the Snorten part.
Very very sad what's going on so many major sports problems and so little time that's why we
vote 20 hours every day to it baby over and over again especially rock solid people that take it
very seriously like rock solid like that one. Now he's got a wife and more than one kid or maybe
one kid what's his story he's got a wife and a cake okay how does how does he have time for
like a family life with all of his adventures to the what's that the thing he goes to every year
the combine combine Joe Bell at least paid for him to go this past year. Oh that was darn
what he had Joe thank God we're doing that pain for Orlando to go to the calm the combine as
opposed to like promoting the shows on here we sure don't want to spend any money in promotion
let's spend some extra money every time it's only a drop in the bucket so just say to heck with it
does that what he said huh I'm gonna start saying the F word pretty soon here if we don't get
something especially those rejoins I want the audience to start paying close attention to fact
this could kind of be like a new hobby for you get out your stopwatches and start timing those
sports rejoins at the end of every break. The biggest name so best talent
for the first four radio five sixty two a.m.
I fucking go hi hello aren't you coach poker yes
ah for kids me I don't always touch but I listen to the score whole radio all the time and they
talk to me so many times I think of your biggest fan thank you very much not to mention
change so nice evening say okay oh I know yeah it helps me feel my oh so lonely life I'm glad
here I even got the bad that's great you know what that's called for oh yeah
let me give you a man I'll put the hat that's right now I need tonight oh oh I have
mind in my grand your goal oh take me sports sports sports sports things so better with
poker all right from 1965 60 W.I.C. I say dump the old geezer what do you say Josh they lost three
games that said you're out there yeah definitely get out of here silly old cout democratic national
committee chairman how are deans ideas today that president bush is a lot like Richard Nixon
except that a scrazed former president wasn't incompetent and remarks to be reported to
remind democratic primary headquarters the former former governor who briefly ran from president
in 2004 said it would describe the similarities between Bush and the late former president
with the nation's only chief executive to have resigned from orifice in disgrace no less of course
let me think carefully about this Dean said in a political reform and this of his days as governor
I think George Bush is the most incompetent president we've had in our lifetime I mean nobody would
accuse president Nixon of being incompetent in other words he was a competent crook as opposed to
incompetent remember to say we said Dean was quick to pull it off that Nixon was dishonest and
that he wasn't endorsing the president's conduct and office still he said Bush and
as administration share some of the characteristics of Nixon and as administration
what that was that tell me I don't know what that was I think there's a lot of similarities between
Nixon and Aguil and Bush and Cheney Dean said referring to vice president Spiro A. News also
forced to resign and vice president Dick Taney in fact I think another dick in the White House
is the last thing we needed they're both using the IRS for political purposes they're both spying
on people they don't like and not just terrorists but also American citizens neither one of them
particularly believes in judicial rights they've both been dishonest with the American people
meaning Bush and Cheney amen evil doers themes remarks came during a 40 minute meeting with
reporters during which he predicted that if election were held today Democrats would take
control of House next January we'll win the same number of seats as Republicans in the Senate
but the election is not being held today although we're optimistic nonetheless he said Dean who arrived
in the trademark rump old style his tackler hanging from one side of his non-sturch collar
his American flaglop help pin upside down oh my kind of guy real slob said that even though
Democrats are angry with Bush and Republicans they would not embark on impeachment proceedings
if they were to regain control of Congress I just lost all my respect for how we deen
rather Dean said they would refocus on the middle class if we win this it'll be because people want
a different direction for the country said and we want impeachment proceedings now just like Nancy
Pelosi man wimp the wimp fact bought strike team predicted a Democratic Congress would pass legislation
a lower middle class taxes to roll back some of the tax cuts given to high income families and
corporations to extend health care to more people and to raise them in a wage and we're going to
balance the budget something that incredibly Democrats do these days and Republicans can't seem
to do anymore Dean said Dean said he doesn't expect Bush to endorse such an agenda and he reiterated
his belief that there's no guarantee Democrats will actually succeed in taking control of one
little alone both chambers of Congress asked if he expected Democrats to repeat the performance of
Republicans in 94 when they took dozens of seats and arrested control of Congress from the Democrats
in dramatic fashion the former governor said no we've had some bitter disappointments in last
years Dean said he was one of them but I think we're in a better position than we've been Dean
also said that he was pleased as parties begun to speak out against the war in Iraq something that
propelled him to the top of the Democratic list of hopefuls two years ago the strategy fizzled out
and the party nominated Senator John Kerry to be at Standard Bear Senator John Scurry
Kerry the waffler who was against it before he was for it and then he was for it before whatever
asked to be found at first reading that the party's not only visibly supporting his anti-war position
in 2004 Dean said rightly I was ahead of my time unfortunately I told you so as a lousy campaign
slogan how do you like that mm-hmm and then again later on in the same story that he arrived in
his trademark rump old style his taiklet painting and the same stuff again with his pinup side down
maybe likes pineapple upside down cake it's possible or maybe just likes it upside down who does it
$195 votes on a pool of $1185 we'll have over 1200 a couple of minutes for those who keep track of
these stupid things do we really care about how many we couldn't give a flying uh Joyce list you
can see yourself completely open-minded $592 oh we finally got 150 percent liars on there nice
going oh they're speaking of liars there's Joe Scarborough straight ahead get out of here
completely open-minded $592 your full of garbage prejudice 406 I hate this pool 90 78.1 percent
too many haters out there they're not open-minded see that they hate if they were open-minded they
like every pool that we put on there all the work that goes into this crap my god it just that
that's the hardest thing about doing the show the rest of it is like sliding off a log you know like
cake I think that we ought to assign that to George don't you Josh coming up with a new pool idea
what I'm doing to show what do you think I can't do it until the morning they say that's a good idea
Josh well you won't yeah you won't have the pulse to the morning but yeah for that all cared what
did I just get your sand so we get 50 votes under who cares at least you know it'll always be about
sex mostly or drugs sex and drugs baby but in fact where's that where's that one pool of shawns I
didn't use yet the one about that gaping um oh yeah that one the gaping hole not using that I'll
say that for you want to go on vacation next up all right speaking of vacation it would be very nice
I should have done this off the year but since it's a very informal I'll place any help everybody's
getting their notebooks out right uh you need to find out from our fearless intermediate leader
there what the story is going to be on Christmas day because some of us are going to have to make
our plans you know okay and not just fritter away are all I do like fritters man why don't I say
that I haven't had fritters and off where do you get corn fritters I don't know in the deep
shower I guess I know where to get them in the deep south not where you are and that's how good
corn fritters I'm very iffy on them but I know place in North Carolina where they're great
where they happen to be finer than a fritter and Carolina they're moist and they got
marimba and real poopy real kernels of corn in there it's all the kind of melee ones that you get
everywhere else I'll tell you one thing after you have a corn fritter you'll head right for the
schmitter consider yourself prejudice 408 I hate this 498 racist 53 while shame on you
and a total big of 37 I voted for that just so somebody would I don't think we'd have all
these other people say that I'm not a total big and I mean there are a few people I like not too
many the order you get the more you realize that awful lot of people are full of crap you know that
a lot of people full of crap including many of the ones that we have worked for in the past and
more for in the present and etc a lot of people they talk to talk but they just don't walk the
walk whatever the hell it really means they just they talk to you good game but a beep but a boop but
about yeah it doesn't take any talent to talk a lot of crap you know just look at me for crying out
i'm not any to one thing my Boba bye I sure better than those damage sports rejoins did you go
in here and smash them in the mouth yet gimsons max Markle the talk to joebell
i'm no series to the their long and ponderous and they make a break seem like an attorney it's
not bad enough that the this new sale that I notice we're not doing at the running 65 10 seconds
spots and every break now like we were for a while they're tens and 15s and 20s and a five a
10 and 15 whatever the hell I was we're like the five in dime store he's nickel and diamondus
to death.
So by the time we get to the end of the region, the audience feels like they're exhausted.
Like they just ran a four-minute mile with the Aenus Poudinheimer, whatever his name is
from Virginia Tech.
Is that his name?
Was that his name?
Aenus Poudinheimer, I think he's kind of a Vladimir Poudin, whatever his name is.
I don't know.
Virginia Tech.
Can you imagine what a bunch of druelin-yahues there are in that school?
Wow.
And here's a kid from a Sweden who comes in there, and he thinks because he's in Virginia
Tech, he knows there's something about America.
Well, he does.
That's the epitome of America's Redneck Heaven.
Too many Rednecks in so little time.
Where is Virginia Tech, George?
You, Josh, may I have any idea?
Yes, Josh.
Maybe it's in Virginia.
You think?
And I'm going to have to Google it again?
No, we could just forget about it.
Like it doesn't matter.
It matters.
It matters.
The hurricanes are flavored in Texas on Black, the future.
Where is it?
Black Spurg.
Black Spurg, yeah.
What kind of a name is that for a town?
Oh, a pop Virginia Tech, a pint of Virginia Tech.
And there's that Poonia put him, whatever his name is, that Miyas Kite, the tennis player
from Sweden there.
The biggest name.
So best talent to be a cis wheel roger, sports radio 560, UAM.
What's out like somebody has stuck the tube for the laughing guest in the studio, whatever
they take that thing, isn't it?
It was funny.
Well, what did I miss though?
There was something really hysterical that it was all just puking their guts out.
Well, it was so funny that I don't know maybe we should hear it again.
Oh, that's not.
For the state's gambling industry, a new era begins with next to his age elections.
That's what the Sun Sentinel says.
Adrian Sains, whoever he is, or she is, what's Adrian?
Can that be both?
Yes.
Oh, whatever it is.
For eight years, the state's growing gambling industry has faced a star-japone in the
governor's mansion.
Fanass governor, Jeb Bush, has never hidden his disdain for gambling, including his fight
against adding lost Vegas style slot machines at Barrow County, per mutual facilities.
State and Barrow ad voters, however, approve the machines.
And, begrudgingly, he signed the law governing them as if he had a choice.
But Bush is out in January.
Thank God.
Do the term limits and need the Republican Charlie Chris, yay.
Or, a Democrat Jim Davis will confront further growth attempts by the industry, which
is pumped big money into Florida's election.
Chris campaign got at least five grand from individuals with gambler connections.
While the state Republican parties received more than 125 grand, Davis's campaign got
at least 1,500 from individuals with gambler connections, and the state Democratic party
got at least a quarter of a million.
Despite those donations, both say they were opposed to further gambling in the state.
Figures.
Two days later, we'll also have to negotiate with Indian tribes over the Vegas style slots
I'll be able to install, and there's no state what, because of the Broward vote.
Nearly Jim Davis, nor Charlie, Christ are pro gambling, but either of them are less
vehemently anti gambling than Jeb was since state Senator Steve Geller, Democrat or Hellenbeild
Beach.
A gaming supporter is crafting a bill to change some of the state's slot machine regulations.
Neither of the two guys will be great for the industry, he said.
The state already has poker, horse and dog racing, and high lie, which saw $331 million
in wages through the first eight months of the year.
It also has untouched cruises to nowhere that provide lost Vegas style gambling once
they reach international waters.
Because those cruises to nowhere, man, where you can puker guts out and have your wife get
raped or killed or both.
The Indian casinos, including the thriving Seminole, hard rock casinos in Tampa and Hollywood,
and Mekasuki Indian gaming west of Miami, have poker and video lottery machines that are
similar to slots, similar.
There's odds.
The Indian casinos do not pay state taxes because they're owned by sovereign tribes, although
other states have negotiated deals allowing their tribes Vegas style games like Blacks
and Relent Exchange for Attacks.
Versions of tempted negotiate with photos, tribes stalled earlier this year.
Nice going fat ass jab.
The Stahlmeister.
After the Florida gaming summit in Hollywood last month, a statement posted on its website
said a research from Lakobi, a capital market that the estimated $6,000-broad slot machines
will generate at least $700 million in wages annually, the first are expected to open
later this month.
Gambling has its share of opponents in a statement on its website.
The Christian Coalition of Florida says gambling has attained a society that produces huge
financial and social cost that put families in risk.
What's more dangerous gambling or religion?
No context.
Stylian, is there a God?
Don't bet on it.
Still the industry is intent on growth according to Gailor, many of the state's fair
mutuals outsidebroward want their own slot machines to keep pace with the Indian highlight
pomp and a park harness track, Marty Grotrak and gaming center, and Gail Strympark Thurbrid
track.
Gail Strympan and Pomp and Anonis Raycinos are spending millions to improve their facilities
ahead of the introduction slots at Pomp and Anon by Alacopri Casinos Inc.
A new 157,000 foot square building includes space for 1,500 slot machines, a bar and four
restaurants including a steakhouse in New York, Gelly, and a cost of about 155 million
and set to open early next year.
I want the Neorodges Memorial Machine, A $5 real-a-pourced machine with my name on it.
It might ass on the scene.
We're not just throwing slot machines in a room said, duck shiply, Vice President of
Racinos for Alacopri were striving for a total entertainment destination.
Meanwhile, Casino and gaming companies donated heavily to federal state campaigns and
state races including the Gubernatorial and Legislative Contest, gambling interest
will not more than 1.8 million, according to FollowTheMoney.org, a website run by the
Institute of the Money and State Politics that tracks state campaign contributions.
Pomp and Anonis Park alone can provide 431,000 plus websites showed.
In Florida congressional races, gambling interests contributed more than 67 grand according
to the Center for Responsive Politics.
And, a program in the Political Action Committee called Yes for Better Schools and Jobs,
as we see more than 7 million contributions, the package leading the campaign to again bring
a slot machine measure before day voters, who rejected slots last year when Brad County
voters approved them as your fat ass governor was hockin on the Spanish language radio.
Oh, it's evil, but I beat that aboot, the world's gonna come to an end vote now, you
know.
He is such a piece of turd, man.
He's just a big, I've flashed better down the toilet this morning than he is, okay?
That's the truth.
Kylois said racist for house incentives also could affect gambling's future.
He wants to change some rules that state has affixed its law operations, including lowering
the tax rate on the machines from 50 down to 35 percent, is bill would also call for
elimination of a 1500 machine per per mutual cap and allow ATMs in pre-ordiscounted drinks
in locations where slot machines exist.
Can you imagine that?
That was part of the restrictions they put in which we already knew about it, you forget.
No free drinks and no 1500 machine cap and no ATMs.
Whoever heard of such crap, it's like, you know, come here but don't spend too much.
Don't have a good time, either.
God forbid.
Many in the industry argue that the 50 percent rate other restrictions were limited economic
development around the casinos, including restaurants, nightclub shops, entertainment
venues.
If the state were to lower the tax rate and see a much greater capital investment in the
gaming facilities said Joseph Wynard, vice president of Spectrum Gaming Group, a gaming
consultancy.
Wynard also said the next day, I want to have some wiggle room negotiating with gambling
interest that could see slots added to per mutual facilities statewide.
While Christ and David say they were against gambling, expansion, adding slots to existing
per mutuals may not fit in that description, Wynard said.
It just seems as a different form of gambling in a place where gambling already exists.
Yeah, what's the big stimulus, huh?
And he also said as far as former fat ass governor, J. Bush, it hubbman dreared as he
said.
How do you like that?
I said that.
And I stand by it.
I stand by my man, hubbman dreared.
He should only rot in hell fat ass, J. Bush, and he will and so will his wife, Columbia,
the smuggler, and his son, the handsome, his fulha, and his coax-nording daughter,
whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo,
whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo,
whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo,
whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo
whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo
Maybe I should move to like Tamarack or sunrise lakes. I'm not too far from sunrise lakes
It's right up Nabeel Road there right up the road of pink. Yeah
So what was better when South Florida was filled with all those Krammy Old Jews or now the Krammy Old Cubans who are like
What's the New Deal now? There must be something new that I'm missing South Americans South Americans most of you
And we know what's of course we got that in the WSU way the Colombian radio, you know, right that Colomba radio they smothered a life baby in
So an ethnic not not like a melting pot. It's like an ethnic
Soar pot. I'm very proud. You said pot. I said prod
I'm proud you when you're talking about pot is like prod me talking about
Kandri which you keep doing air every single day. That's what that jelly bellies
I don't even know what to hide. I didn't know I said up. It was the police. It was one of the stories
It was about the captain wanted his
Cops on the force to lose weight because they had the big overhang that for that big poopy hanging out man
It's one thing to be fed, but when you're walking around with a huge big poopic stand
You know when I weighed 266 and 1973 when I work in the service soda
When I woke up with nasty pounding headaches and sweats every morning. I went to the doctor found out I had very high blood pressure
And he said if you don't lose them what you're gonna die pretty soon. That's a long time ago. That's 33 years ago
I was the young man. I was 31. Wow
It's a damn good thing. I went to the doctor. I'd be dead. Look at look at all what I would have missed. Okay. I would have missed my Disney
I'm gonna miss Stan
What was his name? What though was his name at INZ
Major not Stan major Stan the general manager. I can't even think of his name Stanley
Colin. Oh, and his brother Marty. I would have missed Marty. Colin. It's a KET and his friend Craig Worthing
I would have missed Siddler hen I'd have missed a Casper
If I would have not taken him down land and after I went to the doctor and he scared a hell out of me
I lost a hundred pounds in a year. Aren't you proud? I am
And then I went to IOD and ballooned up again like into a big fat cow
The biggest name so best talent
Here falls the Neil Rogers
Force Radio 560
You're up for no longer boy
I'm a captain. You failed
Nope
Everybody
A
Semper everybody
All the time
Oh
That's the way of life
In Florida
That's the way of life
For a head of a crazy man
There in a house
Go
Head to the town
Everybody
Hates everybody
All the time
Right
In tolerance
And fear
Oh, right
It's where it's a franchise
On the day
How they don't
Want to do
Oh, you're fine
They're added to
Flight Sower
With a machete
A friend looks like you
To the ball
There is a
Friend Love
Of a shower
Hey, get out of here
Hey, Semper everybody
All the time
Oh, I'm dying
Let's give it a good
Something that's really
Is walking
From Papalo
Peace
You know, at least in a panthers at the macarade tonight
Pleasure as it comes off the wing
For Antropos
Or at least by Pronic Karowski
Put some cellbox
Side of the stride move
Into blue lines
How do you like that?
You want to hear the rest of the
Game in an hour from my start
Toronto 4, 10-8-2 is a final score
I just mentioned that in passing
I'm sure George has heavy duty interest
I got a student right here that's going to wake you up
Okay
A D-man and admitted male
Escort claims he had a
S-ongoing sexual relationship
With a well-known Evangelical pastor
From Colorado Springs
Mike Jones told 9 wants to know
Investigative report at Channel 9 in Denver
Reporter Paula Woodward
That he's had a sexual
Business relationship with pastor Ted Haggard
For the past three years
A sexual business relationship
Haggard is the founder and senior leader
Of the new life church in Colorado Springs
It's got 14,000 members
He's also present of the National Association
of Evangelicals
An organization that represents
Millions of people
How do you like that?
Haggard is married with five children
An outspoken critic of gay marriage
Jones broke his silence yesterday
Morning on talk with you
In an exclusive interview
I started to Haggard and I had the claims
And told 9 newsies prepared for his own church
To investigate them
I did not have a homosexual relationship
With a man in Denver said Haggard
I am steady with my wife
I'm faithful to my wife
I don't know if this election
Your politics or this has to do with
A marriage of a man that
Or what it is
But I'm not even the guy who will investigate
Or question it
I don't know what the dynamics are
But this independent group will
Come in and do that
They'll do that
Jones started talking
And I want to know two months ago
We claims Haggard has been paying him
For sex over the past three years
Even though Haggard preaches that
Homosexuality is a sin
Jones also claims Haggard used
Methamphetamine in his presence on several occasions
What a meth
He got himself into
You know it
What a meth
What a wicked web we weave
When we practice to deceive
Or Harvard hell lets stupid old saying goes
How's that go
Just like that
No
People may look at me and think what I've done is immoral
But I think I headed the moral thing in my mind
And that expose
And that is exposed
Someone who is preaching one thing
And doing the opposite behind everyone's back
Sid Jones
Maybe like Charlie
Yeah
Christ
Former NBC news anchor
Tom Brokaw profiled Haggard in 2005
And a series on mega churches
Haggard was also listed by
Tam magazine
It's one of the 25 most influential
Evangelicals in America
Last year
All we can say to him is
You're fair
How you like that
Uh huh
Eeeh
Oh it's Wolfmother
Get everybody whipped up for that hockey game tonight
Joker in the thief
You ready for that?
Wolfmother
Yeah
Now if you had a vacation coming up
Which I guess you don't
But if you did
Are we getting to get that
Between now and tomorrow morning
When you and I can fabulate for the last time this week
Okay
Let's get that string nude
Okay the thing about December
And whether they got some crap to put on it
Maybe they can play some sportsy Christmas heroes
I'm hoping they will
Or they can play like some
University fight songs for four hours on that day
Cuz who now would want to hear this show anyway
And I already volunteered to work Christmas day
So you guys can have it off
But nevertheless
Cuz you guys sure aren't working on Christmas day
Not me men
Not a couple of professional Catholics
Like you and the birth of our Lord and Savior Jesus
H. Christ
Yeah
Jesus H. Christ
Wow
What spot is this
Oh it's a spider man in uniform spot
What is this?
It's a spider man in troll
Don't blow it
Who's he?
Oh man
Whoo
No comment
I'm not going to describe what they put on the screen when they say that
But anyway
From 52 is our QAM sports time
Now I was thinking about vacations now
How about Tehran
Does that sound good?
Oh yeah
As soon as I got off the plane I'd say
Well I'm uh Jewish and uh
Fag but other than that
And from America
My way of Canada and it's all Canadian okay
And then it come on in
Well my brain's on
Iran will offer cash incentives to travel agencies
To encourage western tourists
To visit that country giving me a premium
Rare for Americans
The official Islamic Republic news agency reported
Yeah let's go to Turean man
The Islamic Republic's political leadership has been
Trying to reach out to ordinary Americans
To show that a standoff over Iran's nuclear ambitions
Is with the Bush administration
Not with US citizens
So Robert Aaron get kidnapped
The latest initiative comes as you went to committee council
Deliberate say draft resolution that would impose sanctions on Iran
For its disputed nuclear program
Iran's tourism department will pay 20 bucks per person
Of those who would track
Attract European or American tourists to the country
The agency quoted
Mohamad Chief
Malak Zah
Malak Zadi
Deputy head of the department is saying
Malak Zahdeh
Whatever the hell is name is
Some ragged
Visitors from other countries would earn travel agents
$10 per purse
A tourist per head
Maybe that's what that the priest was paying for
That's the guest you that preacher
paid so much for head
Last week Iran's fiercely anti-US president
Mahmoud Ahmedinajad expressed opposition to a bill that would require Americans to be
Fingerprinted on a rival in Iran
Mahmoud Ahmedinajad
The bill was passed
Pastate preliminary reading in the Iranian parliament earlier this month
Was drafted by conservatives who sought to retaliate for US requirements that Iranian visitors be fingerprinted
It is not been debated yet
The US measure which also applies to nationals of some other countries
Was implemented in 2002 and in the wake of the 9-11 attacks on the U.S. and Washington
I wonder if this is where the leaves take to leave in the field
The whole line still has it
Against the board
Didn't even record the game last night
I was so whipped up with that woodbind craft
Working feverishly to get most of my money back which I did
Aren't you proud?
Yes, I sure is on
O'Neil back to the point of McCain
The cage to the middle of the ice back to Jeff O'Neil
O'Neil's downloaded
Station trying to come across a clip
White assassin
Anyway, I could I could smell like a fuel you know I could smell like goal coming
In an earlier attempt to reach out to Americans
O'Neil and John January it proposed a resumption of direct commercial flights between Iran and the U.S
Which were harder more than 25 years ago
Now that couldn't be because all those Americans that got kidnapped back and remember that
How Reagan cooked that up with the the Iranian government and the Iatola
So that they wouldn't release the hostage until after Jimmy Carter got his ass
Right
In the 80 election
The U.S. and Iran have not had diplomatic relations since Iranian militants
Storm the American embassy in T-Rat in 1979
The atmosphere between the two countries improved marginally under former president
Mohammed Kutami who would encourage sports and cultural exchanges
Who would encourage sports raw for that
But deteriorated after the 9-11 attacks when President Bush declared that Iran belonged to an
Assas of evil with Iraq and North Korea
They're the asses of evil
They ought to check out his own ass first
Before he starts calling other people names like asses
Since taking office last year, Ahmedini John is white in the gap of Washington by taking the hardline position
And Iran's nuclear program and calling for the destruction of Israel
He said, government dreary
And he liked that about those four Israelis
Oh yeah
From 160 votes on the 1260, I think that was WAIM and ALM and Albion Michigan
You know what it means when you start reminiscing that much about things distant past
Like all these old radio stations that keep talking about
It means you're close to the box, I'd say
Close to the end
What's your thing?
Good point
Well, I see these numbers on there right away because being in a radio business all these last 100 years
You think of like 1560 WTPS and Kalamazoo or 1260 WAIM and Albion
I still keep thinking about Derwood Karn coming down the stairs pulling his pants up from taking a big dump
While the news the news founder was a plan
Derwood's not in there, he's doing a big doubt
And of course he was a guy to wait like about 300 pounds
Or he was up there doing a big job
And that's a news sound
From WAIM and Albion Michigan
Well you don't want to live in Albion Michigan man, trust me when I tell you
That was okay, it had its moments, it was alright
Air restinkin night man and there we were in the car on the way to a Detroit to go to the track to go to Hazel Park and North Hill down
What a bunch of race tank these generous man
To go and bet on Joe Mars Jr and Red Ross and Race Stein and all those guys
And you like that
Heroed Fisher and Macy Pisher
I bet you that's what we did
Let's do a in fact you like the hockey show so much let's do some more shows on harness racing
Although we got the breeder's cup on Saturday we got Thurbera racing, which like I told you
Oh my god get him in the gate already and get the race going
Would you please by the time they get the damn race going for Krainow loud. It's just enough to make you plots
End the rough
Something about you and maybe it's true
Head to head for the early first time Derkin with a second race from Mcweller yesterday
I'm gonna tell you something about this show we have it all you know what we've got it all and we didn't when we start playing
Portographic audio from Playboy next week then it's really gonna be from the Playboy Channel and behind the hustler channel
That's it
260 votes on the pool and half of you are a bunch of liars
The biggest name of the best talent
This is the Unrot your chance for 205 60
So long to do hour
You're going to break down your door
Fire are done
We have been caught by you
If you do that that year
Never make you disappear and rescue the exactly what we want you to
We're going to pull out your nerve
What's causing your skull
You're a more gluesting of your tube
The coach will ask you
Push him in the mat
And there's not a stupid thing that you can do
Here you are
Praise for shes your lord and king
For you will go to the tension camp if you do not agree
Who step in line
Enjoy the brown shot right
All right we'll make you disappear tonight
We're going to poke your eyes
You'll have your tongue water
Driver spite and do your beaten hand
You better watch what you say
I'm sleepy
Don't go back
Or else we'll make you disappear
Because we can't
We're going to have to repeat you with the rubber up our holes again
Put the gun to us and water body and tension on the bed
What are two
Ha ha ha
I always like to hear that last girdle
We're the last
Waterboarding girdle
Two minutes and for one that's our QM sports eastern daylight time
Standard time
Whatever the hell it is
Well we sure had a big tinnis about the time
You know today was a banner day I told you this morning I could smell it
I could feel it
We got my internet then all my computer issues right now
Yeah
Thank you George thank you Eric
We love you baby
Josh you're going to say damn both of you
Because I'm going to be sending
I got stories of the old butt man
The how bad
I bet the missile we've got some stories of the butt
But anyway
Yeah
Gary stories
Oh god you don't want to go there
I know that I'm just going to tell you
Something mighty important and of course you sidetracked me with more of that
Feel that you're so famous for
God are you a pervert or what
No it was very a really important thing man
Yeah sure
Oh no it was my advice to the listeners out there
Since we turned so many people on a musillo fire fox
Yeah and I'll turn them to internet explorer
So you won't get all that spam and crack and green
You don't have to worry about using Alexa and all that other garbage
What a banner day I got rid of
Well you can't really ever get rid of explore in your computer
Because build these people little spies on your top user
But I at least stop using it ever
And I got rid of Alexa
It moved it entirely from my computer man
It's not a trace of it as in
Another exciting it is
And we got that hotmail situation straight now
I could probably spend a whole day in between
Because it's colder in hell it's like the cloudy and 40 now
For Casper Nova who keeps the Toronto weather on his sleeve
It's compelling video call
But at any rate um I'll have the whole day there's like send zillions of stories
You want to see how fast they fire off an air
What do you already know don't you?
And tomorrow morning we'll work on how you can send them from your phone really quick and easy
You mean in my blackberry
Yeah that's what I mean
All right from my blackberry
Are you sure?
Absolutely
You mean sitting right there with wood buying when I'm uh
While you're in the machine
While you're in the cab
You know on your way somewhere you can
Well I'm in the can
Yeah
You mean with my lesbian easy care driver
You know what
Wow
He's good people though it's a really good deal
I'll tell you everything
You know who cares about these rejoins
You know I get all whipped up from screaming you know
We don't care what you do clearance
Do whatever you want
If it makes you feel bitter
If it makes you squeeze yourself a lot more often
Here in here in
You know we know what Hank sounds like
We know what mad dogs sounds like
We certainly know what rock sawley sounds like
We definitely know what that sounds like
So and we know what Kenny and Boaston
Like too even though Kenny has been on it
Well we know what he sounds like
He's fine you know he's a good guy
Doing a sports show
But he's a good guy
And boy that laughing gas routine on that one
I wish I would have found out
What that was so funny there would don't you
I can't wait to hear it again
Must have missed the punch line
Oh it'll run again for you
No I'm sure it will
Oh you mean this hour
Oh yeah
Yeah that is
Well there's that Nazi Robert Dornan
Boy look at that
Look at MSNBC real fast
In addition to fandom
There is a god man looks like he got attacked by the ugly stick
Not that they ever looked in the first place
That right wing homophobic obnoxious california former congressman
Robert Dornan
What a piece of turd okay
What a oh
Bastard
They run for all the sudden they dig all these losers out man
It's they you know all the talking heads all the time
You see him he looks like he's aged a hundred years in last five
Good kid
I hope he dies a wicked nasty death
Right there on TV in the middle of the center of you would be good
Missible right wing piece of turd
Evelyn Pringle you know this article if I were to read it I'd be done by about midnight tomorrow
That's how long it is it's on our website or we'll be tomorrow along with the other 500
I'm sending you John
Listen I'm not gonna overdo it
I'm not gonna send you like a hundred stories just relax and if I do
Everyone would better be honored
Evelyn Pringle is a calmness for op-ed news and investigative journalist
focused on exposing corruption in government and corporate America
You know who that is now good
Hope
And the article from smirking chimp to headline is
Big Cheney fitted for new halivert in uniform
Strike jumpsuit
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission is conducting a formal investigation
Into whether halivert and made improper payments to government officials in Nigeria
In connection with a construction and expansion by Tskj
Of natural gas liquefocation complex and facilities
At Bonnie Island rivers state Nigeria
Tskj is a company registered in Portugal
Whose members include Technif essay of France
Snaprogette of Netherlands BV
A subsidiary of side-time SPF Italy
J-G-C corporate
Japan and Kellogg Brown and Rudy successively mw Kellogg company
Each of which is a 25% interest in the venture
Tskj entered in various contracts to build and expand the liquefocation
Natural gas project for an Nigeria LNG limited which is owned by the Nigeria
National Petroleum Corp. Shell Gas BV
Cleared limited and a deep natural international BV
And a affiliate of EMI SPA of Italy
A lot of initials in this you know
But you don't have to keep track it's just the part where we get to Cheney that counts
I'm not I'm only gonna read a little bit of this too long
So 100 pages long
mw Kellogg limited as a joint venture which
Halle Burton's got a 55% interest
And WK Kellogg limited and mw Kellogg company were
subsidiaries of vresor industries before Halle Burton's 1998 acquisition of vresor
The mw Kellogg company was later merged with the Halle Burton subsidiary to form
Kellogg Brown and Rout KBR
The U.S. Department of Justice is also conducting a related criminal investigation
of the Nigerian bribery matter
pursuant to the U.S. foreign corrupt practices act SEPA
And last but not least on August 7 2006 the financial times of London reported that KBR
A subsidiary of Halle Burton's being investigated by
Britain's serious fraud office over the company's royal and alleged plot
To pay more than $170 million in bribes
To win $7 billion worth of contracts at the Nigerian oil plant
For a part of the period under investigation in Newstaype reported
Halle Burton was headed by Vice President Vic Cheney
Al Rai
I just mentioned that in passing and you can read the rest on our website
By Evelyn Pringle
But we sure like her potato chips you know it can't even only 100
Right?
278 on the pool will get to 13 something easy
Easy
Like sliding off a rock when you say sliding off a rack
All new people with kids out there you better watch what they're doing on their computer
What they're downloading
But Trisha San Angela wouldn't concede in her fight with record companies that
Accused her of pirating songs over the internet
Now the companies are hoping for an easier tussle against her kids
Five record companies represented by the recording industry
Association of America filed a lawsuit in federal court
In white planes yesterday white planes New York
Against San Angela's son and daughter
It is said Michelle San Angela 20
Oh, what does she look like has acknowledged downloading songs
On the family computer then that her brother Robert 16
Had been located in Stavance's best friend made
It accuses the two of downloading and distributing over a thousand songs
Including pretty fly for a white guy by the offspring
Beated by Michael Jackson and
Bob by Hanson how do you say that
Mm-hmm
Yeah by Hanson
Well anybody that was outlawing so a song is by Hanson needs to be shot
Oh, they did have that one record I like that I hate to admit that that's bad
You know the one I played it a couple of times. It's pretty good
Remember the video where he was a tinkering on the piano?
Nope
That's your talent. Oh, no, play Hanson
Please we're trying desperately to get the audience back now that they're tuned up
And all those rejoins
Hello
That's gotta be a shit
Looks like a no-bitch
Oh
Get out of here like that and like that doesn't sound like Michael Jackson at the check
Yeah
We're gonna y'all send it to you to your pretty besty days
Uh-huh
That's on it
I don't we don't want to hear Hanson you maniac
Oh god I'm going home. Why am I
I think I hear another fire drill
Yeah, there's no the fire drill I gotta get out here seeing
Cut the crap were you pleased and none of those are the song I like what is the song?
I'm during the break I don't know what you'll play it. This is a big hit all the Hanson I got
Oh, that's the can't be all the Hanson you got
Enough
And the one thing about them not only did they couldn't they sing but they were ugly as sin man
They looked like an inbred the bunch of retards from Indiana. I guess they were
In short each of the defendants participated in the substantial violations of plaintiffs copyrights that issue
And then can seal their involvement standing idly by as Patricia San Angel will repeatedly protest
The Renaissance and chastised plaintiffs for Friday and allegedly frivolous litigation to complain said
The San Angel was lawyer Jordan Glass
disputed the recording industry's allegation city was at Michelle Sandler's
Deposition doesn't record meeting or acknowledging the downloading but Trisha San Angel
I'm a federal judge called an internet illiterate parent through attention last year when she denied downloading songs and refused to settle
The recording industry which he said they made at 7500 grand to keep her name out of a lawsuit for legally downloading music
Defenders of internet freedom help pay for her attorney keep her claim your innocence on TV
But the question remained whether her children had done it San Angel would say she had no knowledge of them downloading
And if they did the blame lay with computer programs not with her or the children. It's the computers fault. Yeah
The industries requesting an injunction on specified damages for each download and broadcast the record companies of suit thousands of people
Including many minors for allegedly parroting music throughout through file sharing computer networks most of which have been forced out of business
like
What's the big one that's good next year? Oh no, Napster went legal, right? Right well first
What's the other one? Oh, we don't want to put them on the air then everybody's gonna blame us for it
Okay, they keep giving out the names of these websites for people to go to something illegally steal the song
That's the kind of stuff we do on here. We aid in the bed in
Criminal acts is that what we're here for criminal acts criminal acts in fact
That's so when you're working on this station you're eating and a betting in a big criminal act impersonating a radio station
I want you to go in here and Joe Bell's office at two o'clock
I want you to march down a hall if he's back from lunch, which I doubt
I want you to march down a high and if he's not just going there and pee on his desk until he comes back
And I want you to jump up and down like Trump will still scan right in front of his desk and say
Neil says those we grind our two gd long okay, they're ridiculous. They're a tune out
What is wrong with you people you and your boyfriend clearance that he's turned a key to the kingdom over to see
I can forgive people from all say anything but turning the key to the kingdom over to a puss like that that
Line from the godfather that I do not forget remember that long speech there when he met with the heads of the five families
Remember that speech that I do not forget
Yeah, we don't have any of that though and that speech don't we oh wait no yeah we do do
better side
Yeah, yeah
Let me say my swear
To my children
I'm a shoulder my grandchildren. I'm a grandchildren. St. Tony's told me I will not be the one to break the peace with me today
The biggest name sub best talent
Civilization Neil Rogers
420560
She
am
Only under banana republic baby only in Miami Hillary Clinton says she's a good senator
But what you don't know is
She's ugly
In 2001 Hillary and it'll wash in some DC ugly contest and was turned away because they told her sorry no professional
In 2003 a congressional investigation labeled Hillary as a nine iron. She's good from about 130 yards away
Can we really afford to elect a senator who's you G. L. Y. And has no alibi on November 7th pull a bag over your head and pull the lever for John Spencer
I'm John Spencer and I'm pretty
Pretty gross
You
I'm feeling his nasty voice
Wain newly doused in
Chump's mature white wall
And now just another ring
Ever-Aid
And if we know those inevitably
No, sir
We'll feel ourselves
Them slippery
And every time I can stop
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
I'm playing G-Shin really?
Well, hell yes I do
I'm playing G-Shin
Devote all your time to it
And all your servants
Well, say how he does
I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm
I'll take care of things
Take care of memories
I'm a BTO family
I'm a, I'm a, I'm a
This here we come up in Seoul
Is the damn thing I ever saw
Your runs were delicious
Goofy dogs
As you never have them
In New York so chain
You're mine running in a lawyer
We don't believe in your anybans
No, sir, I ever tell beating bats
And I grat
Here we come up in Seoul
H-I-I-L-A-R-Y
Get ready, get ready
If I'm not open to the door again
You can hear we have another phone in the fall
So there must be some issues
Can you hear it in the background
Hear it?
I do
I'll open the door for a special
Oh, yeah, real loud
Oh, God
I told you, I knew there was something in the air
You could smell it, you could feel it, you could sense it
You had a twitch in your body, you just knew it
Christian Defense Coalition says many evangelicals feel used and taken for granted by the Republican Party to which we say
Oh, I was
Yeah
We told you so
Obviously as Getskies out there
They're fun and you man
They're making fun of you behind your back
Just like you know certain people who talk behind my back
Who?
I don't know
Many evangelicals feel used and taken for granted by the Republican Party
Accordingly released a shoe by the Washington DC based Christian Defense Coalition
Wow
If Republicans lose the house they're set at the only they only have themselves to blame said the groups directly
Reverend Pat Mahoney
Oh, no, not Reverend Pat Mahoney
Mr. Ego is buddy
Oh, no
Who was formerly with the anti-abortion group Operation Rescue
Oh wait a minute, here's the announcement coming
Be very quiet
Have your attention please
Yeah
Yeah
Why don't we live in the plant house or get lost
The clip plane that allowed the beep in Maria
They failed to energize and empower faith and value voters who has provided a critical basis support for the Republican Party
Reverend Mahoney claims that many, wait a minute, here comes another announcement I think
Yeah, you have my attention
Yeah
Okay, I'm actually only about it
I'm not on that floor cegoly
Reverend Mahoney claims that many evangelicals believe the Republican Party courts them during elections
And then the bandits have endorsed them after the election is over
According to another press release issued by the group the Christian Defense Coalition will leave a prayer vigil
On the lower western plaza of the US Capitol this Sunday to seek God's blessing guidance and direction for most important midterm elections in many years
And he liked that God is going to guide them in a prayer vigil
The coalition believes that even after years of GOP control the house and their White House
There's little to show in the area of real change in Washington which translates into a lack of past energy for the midterm elections
Comments are often here are things like why should I pass out literature in the freezing cold or the foreign rain Mahoney said
Or spend hours manning a phone bank for candidates who deliver so little
Republican leadership can no longer assume that the faith community will vote for them just because they're Republicans
The press release continues
Everything is in order it's another foe and he falls so arm cut the crap okay
And where's that hot young guy that was in lobby during last fall so long two days ago
Send him up here he'll heat things up
Well we can have a real uh yeah you know like rubbing two sticks together
Mm-hmm the cooler moment and maybe I can go back to the Boy Scouts again I was a Cub Scout where you would you eat blow
The coalition also plan that's what they told me uh huh
The coalition also plans to help organize a day of prayer at the Western Supreme Court beginning on Tuesday November 7th election
They running through the partial birth abortion bad arguments of the court on November the 8th
All right the anxious Reverend Pat Mahoney who's an invention of Mr. Ego and that station and nobody knows what it is
How do you like that?
Wow oh my god when you trace every evil thing back forget about the evil doors it always comes back to Florida you know
Just like those hang on chains just like that just like that cats and here is bitch
This is a really a traumatic story
25 years after it was convicted of rape Larry Fuller walked out of a court of free man Tuesday of this week
When a judge ruled that DNA testing proved his innocence the 10th steps exoneration in Dallas County in five years
He just of course happens to be a black man not that black people get railroad in the leaf South but they do
There's no bitterness. That's what life's about trial and tribulation said of Fuller who carried two worn bibles to a brief afternoon hearing
My faith was tested in I won well if there was a god how come my god let him sit in his ass in there for 25 years
Huh I wonder huh at the end of a hearing assistant district attorney John Roolay to apologize to Fuller respotted
Thank you apology accepted I forgave them a long time ago that I was convicted for Fuller 57 said
As he accepts hugs from his attorneys brother Oliver other others he described as his amen corner amen
Hallelujah amen amen very chic co-directive the New York based innocence project and one of fuller's attorneys called for an independent commissioner looking to Dallas's wrongful conviction and see what the hell was going on
They want to know what the hell is going on Howard but Roolay just told the numbers that I don't know that network I do
Fuller was convicted of aggravated revenge that's a part right where Josh color sleeper and I said I want to know what the f is going on Howard
Yeah, that was it it's a great movie. It's a great movie in the fact that you fell asleep is a very sad comment
Fuller was convicted of aggravated rape and sentenced to 50 years in 1981 a 37 year old woman said he was the man who worked into a apartment and raped her using a butcher knife to cut her thumb neck and back as she struggled
The victim looked at two hotel linups both of which included fuller she picked him in the second one even though Fuller was bearded in the picture and she said her attacker had no facial hair
And he liked that maybe it's like one of one of Carl Rose Beards
Funny state history church land in McDaniel who freed fuller said she felt sick to her stomach thinking about the injustice that had been committed
What do I say other than I wish you well and apologize on behalf of the state of Texas she told him 25 freaking years the heart of this man's life
He's now 50 70s a daughtering old fart Texas passed along 2001 sitting on a procedure for re-examining certain convictions with the NA testing
Nearly all of the overturned convictions from Dallas County were handed down the eighties before the advent of DNA amalization
If you have 10 playing crashes at the same airport you want to find out what's going on how it can fix it check set
Roll later however a city doesn't think there's a pattern to wrongful convictions
I've looked at these cases and they involve four different agencies quite a number of different prosecutors and courts that does not indicate there was a rogue cop or a rogue court or a rogue prosecutor
I wonder how many of these people are black by the way good question probably all of them
Not that there's any races we understand in the deep south certainly not in Texas the eyes of Texas are upon you the eye eye eye eye eye eye
Isn't that where all the illegal aliens are pouring in across the border arms surprise they don't shoot them all
Although that new poll tester leads burns in no 47 to 46 while in Montana your state will see any real
President Bush campaigning for candidates 56% say that hurt and 26% say it helped all right a sigh a resonating endorsement for your president
But the Democrats only one point ahead Montana well that's big skycote here maybe that's real dark red country in it not as much as you think it burns to think that we're pulling
Many Democratic governors there in Montana I beg your pardon many Democratic governors a lot of Democrats put in Montana a lot of
Tree huggers because that's what you're going I don't know about Shelby 13 ever nine votes on the poll you consider yourself completely open minded
Oh yeah 49.9% nearly half 654 this crowd of liars completely open minded they love everybody except their neighbor and their spouse and their people from India and dark folks and white folks and
Spicks and Jews and fags president is 445 I hate this full 178.1% very high very high like George is right now races 59 on a total bigot
44 archie bunkers
That the Lord even loves you Rogers
Thank you
For in the Christians who know what's best for you and me, they belong by faith.
He was in some people, in other words, to be any body of.
We say time to leave, Lord, there's shelter and path of hoars.
These parrots I've been longing can't be wise.
Abraham of Dapsun and Tom.
What 31, why I'm going to tell you a lot of pressure, because if Virginia takes beats the hurricane Saturday and the bears pummeled it off into which is most likely on Sunday.
It could be another disastrous sports weekend and you'd be really cursed and so forth wouldn't it be bad?
I'm sorry, was that a most likely on Sunday?
Like I said, after the bears pummeled the Adolfans, which barring some miraculous, like maybe if they missed the bust of the stadium in Chicago.
Yeah, like the bars don't mean enough the only way they could lose is like by 4 feet.
5 on 11 or something.
Well, that's where it goes. It's just one of those things, you know, I think Nick Sabin is out. I think, go, Larry, co-head, you're out, Larry, you old fool.
Speaking of old fools, Frank Castle. I wonder if he's related to Matt Castle. I just Googled Matt Castle back from his USC days on the Internet.
His old family, he's got a brother who's like a picture for San Diego and he's got another brother.
All his, it's a jock family. Do you have no families like that where everybody in the family is a jock?
Oh, okay, sure. Now when you went to high school, didn't you have to like in gym class where a jock strap?
We didn't have to in gym class, but during the athletic after school programs we did like trash.
In gym class we had where jock strap and then of course we used to swim naked in the swimming pool.
Yeah, you did all kinds of strange things in your school, didn't they?
Yeah, we did. Now if I could just turn a clock back. A Virginia sheriff covered up a scheme which a dozen of his deputy sold seized guns and drugs to the public.
Ever wondered what happens to those seized drugs and guns George? Maybe I didn't know.
I would like them. The indictment name is Henry County Sheriff Harold Franklin Castle, known hopefully as Frank and 17 others.
Good old Frank Castle. I wonder if he's came to a mat or royal. They were taken into custody this morning with the EASA mistake.
They immediately say this graceful corruption said US attorney John Brownlee. I wonder if he's a Brownlee hound.
These were drugs and guns that were seized as part of their law enforcement duties.
And then we're still in from the property room and put back out on the streets.
Well, I got to, you know, everybody has to make a living. Brownlee, I did.
You have law enforcement officers risking their lives to take these guns off the streets.
And then very few members of law enforcement putting them right back out there.
If not, you rest would affect the department's ability to carry on daily operations.
Virginia State Police are being sent to ensure safety. Brownlee said, among the schemes elected in the indictment,
the theft of drugs and firearms in the custody of the Sheriff's Department, distribution of cocaine, marijuana and a date rape drug, money laundering and obstructive justice.
All of these. All of these things.
The DEA said 13 of the 18 charged are either current or former employees of the Henry County Sheriff's Office located in southern Virginia's Piedmont region.
America is a redneck country, baby. Make no mistake about it. As I get older, each and every day is the one thing I've learned.
It took me a long, long time. Well, actually years ago I started learning it.
When I really first got a real whiff of what it was all about, I was broadcasting basketball in Indiana.
And the state championships were from Indianapolis. It was my first visit ever to Indianapolis.
They got this big circle in the Indianapolis. They looked like the Hollywood circle.
Okay. And down down to Indianapolis. And the big thing they do on Saturday night is everybody gets in their car and they drive around and around.
They just cruise around the circle in big circles. It's every small town. Yeah. Right.
Indianapolis, in a small town. But anyway, so you go into a restaurant there and it's like all the waitresses had a deep southern draw.
You want some apple pie? Apple. And you look on the map. Indianapolis doesn't look like it.
I mean, it's in southern Indiana, but do you think of Indiana as being part of the deep south? Of course not.
Look, but it is. It is anywhere south of Michigan and Pennsylvania and Connecticut, Rhode Island.
They were south of New England, Pennsylvania and Michigan. That's where I draw the line, which if you look at the map, you say,
well, that's more to the country except for the West Coast and like I said, except the West Coast.
Officials alleged Castle was advised by authorities of drug transactions going on in his department, but took no action.
Authorities also alleged to share a part of several illegal activities by lying.
The federal investigators want a slime ball, man. Who would do that? Him. Castle was elected to share for 1992. The department imposed 122 people, 96 of them as something rather than there's a line missing from the story, but we don't really care.
It is a slime ball. Well, there you go.
Sign America, baby. The digital deep south redness and crook cowboys and crooks and shunooks.
Horse trainer claims colder and Churchill downs abuses horses. A horse trainer in honor has sued the operators of two race tracks in Florida and Kentucky that he claims drugged and physically abuses through a brez and allowed other jockeys to maneuver their steeds into his horses during races.
Dennis Fisher, a Florida resident also claims the race tracks intentional acts of foul play resulted in permanent injuries and the death of one of his race horses. According to lawsuit filed this week in date circuit court.
Churchill downs in Louisville, Kentucky and its management company called a race course in Miami, gardens also operate by Churchill downs. Our name is defendant in the lawsuit.
Fisher's lawsuit claims the race tracks misconduct, including defaming him with allegations that he drugged his own horses began in November 2004.
The misconduct stems from a personal vendetta against Fisher based on information or believed concerning Fisher's knowledge concerning possible corruption laws who said messages left after hours last night for Fisher's attorney, Meryl Brown and both race tracks were not immediate return.
The lawsuit sees attorneys fees, court costs, other damages, the court seems proper. How do you like that? They did it with this houses, baby.
And of course we got the big brewers cup coming up on Saturday. Any interest? No. No. See that's the problem. I hope you're asking this for old men through a bad racing old men. Am I right? What? Sorry. I was listening. When you go to the track, the median age is death plus 10. You know that. Yeah. Now we give these damn slots going in there. Get some people on the edge of a hundred. Get some living and breathing people in there to leave a deposit. You know what I'm saying? I'm bet you'll be over there like crazy. You'll be a pomp and oh, you'll be a Gulf Stream. In fact, you can you can hop in a car two o'clock and be a Gulf Stream by 220.
Yeah. If only I had some money to gamble. Forget about money. Okay. Just go in there. Let's go. George Rodriguez from the near Roger show. They'll open you up an account by the 15th of February of next year. You're low on about 40 grand. But what's wrong with that? They need to open up a no account for me. You mean no cash account? Yeah. Just how about a free machine? In other words, I want to kind of like gave your Hoover used to have a to race. That's right. In other words, if you win, you win and if you lose, you still lose because they give you your money back. Not that there were any fixed races. You understand back in the days. Of course. Of course. Of course. Of course. Of course. Of course. Of course. Of course. Of course. Of course. Of course. Of course. Of course. Of course. Of course. Of course. Of course. Of course. Of course. Of course. Of course. Of
course. Of course. Of course. Of course. Of course. Of course. Well. Well. Well.
up up and down on his desk who went there and jumped up and down on Joe Bells'
desk.
Then go in here and now your sales manager Chris Jones, since you guys have so much
in common being from the Carolinas, nothing to be fine.
And go in here and pee all over his head and see how he likes it.
Of course being from Carolina, he might enjoy it.
There's nothing they do up there in Aintree.
I'm telling you man, if you want to see a movie that tells you that there's two movies
I would highly recommend it.
Tell you what America is all about in these days and this year in 2006.
One is Southern Cofford and the other is the one you're playing the theme from right
now, Deliverance.
It's not really a theme is it?
It's regarded as such so you like that.
You only get summer to a theater near you.
It's starting out as an innocent weekend rafting trip with the guys.
Until...
Did we serve you to Josh C Deliverance?
Obviously he did.
You certainly saw that.
Yes, you guys did.
I'll thank you out for that.
Now how can you not like that?
It was great.
There you go.
He especially liked the part with Ned Beatty running around like that.
You know, getting spanked and raked it in stuff like that.
Because you know what famous philosopher once told us.
21 till 2 we got the mad dog at 2 the power hour with the mad dog solo because he certainly
didn't want to work with that.
And then Gildey from the center between 5 and 7 a 2 hour buildup for a nice big game
between the Panthers and the Toronto make believe.
The biggest name of the best talent to the basis, Neil Rogers, Fort Radio 560, U-A-L.
32 seconds for whose counting?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Oh my God.
Overall, the US was determined to be an extensive surveillance society.
The second lowest rating in the study which is available at Privacy International's website.
The survey identified Malaysia, China, and Russia's lowest ranked countries in terms of privacy.
It ranked Germany and Canada as those that best protected privacy of their citizens.
How do you like that?
The ranked teams established for the first time that most of the world's most economically advanced countries
and failed to protect the privacy rights of their citizens
while some of the newest and forced democracies have become the best protectors
wrote Prophecy International Director Simon Davies announcing the report.
I wonder if he's kid to bud Davies?
This is damning evidence that prophecies being destroyed by the very nations that proclaim
to respect our rights, he said.
It's clear that there is a systematic failure, a systemic failure of legal mechanisms to
protect us against the emerging surveillance society.
Those responsible for protecting our rights have failed to do so.
Australia, Britain and the US have not only performed abysmally, but they are embracing
surveillance at an alarming speed.
Wouldn't Georgia well be proud, huh?
The rankings were based on the Privacy and Human Rights Report, a 1200 page survey of
privacy experts conducted by Privacy International and the US-based electronic privacy information
study been published earlier since 1997.
That study detailed numerous surveillance and privacy infringing activities by governments
and corporations around the globe.
This year for the first time, privacy international used that report to compare nations in about
a dozen categories and ranked them.
Categories included use of identity cards and biometrics, levels of workplace monitoring,
law enforcement access to private data and communications and reception.
The US-cared, poorly in multiple categories, including communication interception, workplace
monitoring and transmission of data across international borders, eh?
But the US wasn't the worst performing democracy in the study.
The United Kingdom was.
The Brits.
It placed last among EU countries, among EU nations, Germany, Belgium and Austria at the
top of the list.
Outside the EU, Canada, Argentina and New Zealand took the first three spots, eh?
We got spots.
Like a leopard, we got spots.
Probably some disease.
Not all privacy experts embraced the study or its methodology.
Larry Pondeman of the Pondeman Institute, a privacy refurstor team for research firm,
said the study failed to take into account other factors such as the act of war on terror
been conducted in the US and UK.
That's always a good excuse for it, isn't it?
The war on terror.
That's a war on terror, really.
Other countries are not engaged in the same kind of balancing act involving privacy and
security, he said.
In New Zealand, terrorism doesn't enter into their radar screen, he said by phone from
often New Zealand.
Pondeman also said comparing different countries was tricky business with varying social
and legal traditions making comparisons less scientifically valid.
They're trying to create a world standard even though people in different countries have
different circumstances, he said it's like trying to have a different tax rate when there
isn't a common currency.
What do they have to do with that?
What the hell that means?
I haven't got any idea what that means.
I don't know.
1335 votes on the poll and the best part of it is, we're down to 49.8% who are liars and
say that they love everybody.
They're completely open minded.
They're open anything.
You know what I'm saying?
Like, we're even at.
Open minded.
It's probably not the only thing they got open as in like when you go to the dentist, you
know, open wide like that.
John Friedland writes, now who the hell is he on the Guardian UK that answers that?
He says next two days, election in the West cannot last removed the president but they
can change the political terms of trade.
He says first let's lay down the mother of all caveats.
The conventional wisdom says Democrats are about to incontrol the House and could well
take a Senate too.
But here's the mega caveat.
The conventional wisdom in Washington is often very, very wrong.
Catch your mind back to election night 2004 when the US media noted president John Kerry.
The warning this time is that Republicans might be fewer and number but more motivated
and therefore elected to turn out.
Note two that reports the White House strategist Carl Rove, the election wizard famed his
George Bush's brain, isn't a cocky mood in the contest that matter.
Republicans have the money and the machine to win.
They got the machine to win mine.
So Democrats and their French approach next to this congressional elections with low
expectations.
That way they won't be disappointed.
In other words, like when you go to the casino or to the track, you should hope
to lose everything you got and then if you come out with your pants on, you feel like
you had a good time.
Follow?
Then in the appropriate frame of mind, I can ask the question that matters.
What difference will a Democrat win make not only to the US but to the wider world?
There are a handful of policies, specifically, to promise to raise them in a moment.
But the party selection program is stunningly short on detail.
It sets out six general goals.
Six for O-6 is not a very snappy slogan and runs to just a single page.
But that's not the point.
For a Democratic victory which changed the terms of trade of American politics, the president
is the year the Republican swept the House, ousting the Democrats would rule their
friend unbroken 40 years.
The Republican landslide in 94 did what landslides are meant to do.
It remade the terrain from that point onwards.
The Democratic president built a plan and had an advocate around the landscape shaped
by the Anxious Newt Gingrich and his conservative revolutionaries.
Gingrich set the agenda, Clinton could only react to it.
He was reduced to protesting that he was still relevant.
The result was that the president had to drop forever what had been a signature ambition
to reform of America's hideously unjust system of healthcare and slice the welfare system
for those without work.
And it goes down at great lengths which I'm not going to read the whole thing because
that would be Condor was boring and take much too long and stop over in the mad dog show
which we did yesterday.
But it was his fault not ours because he had that long readjoin on there or not his fault.
It was clearance is for all because the readjoins keep getting longer and longer and longer
or it'll bring more people to sports.
Yeah, that's right.
And you notice that tremendous impact it has in getting people to tune in our sports
shows.
Look at since we've been running those long Condor is promos how those sports show ratings
are just zooming on on this station.
Aren't they?
Yes, something.
There's an image.
It's almost as if as somebody is standing in the middle of our transmitter inside the
tube.
You know what I'm saying?
Cue!
Inside the final tubes and shouting to the audience a sub-bular message saying turn it off
now.
Like how it was doing there.
You know turn off your radio.
If you can't, if you're not a sports nerd, if you're not obsessing about this, if you
just can't get enough of it, if you're digesting it, chewing it, eating it, smelling it, sniffing
it, non-stop, while you're awake while you're asleep and in between.
See what I'm saying?
What do you say?
I don't know people like that.
I just don't know them.
And we got some like a New Year like a New early morning when we got that .5 and men.
Wayne Smith said the US is deaf to the almost the unanimous international view.
Its embargo is a block on positive change in Havana.
How do you like that?
I've got time for this too, I think.
I do believe it.
The annual vote in the US General Assembly on the US and Bargwegan's Cuba is back this
month.
Last year's result.
So 182 member states opposed the blockade.
But only for US, Israel, the Marshall Islands and Palau voting in favor.
The embargo and indeed overall US policy toward Cuba have virtually no international support,
no wonder it's a failed approach.
The essential elements of the embargo have been in place since 1960.
I'm getting choked up about it.
As recently the classified documents confirmed, the objective of the policy since the beginning
has been to bring about the downfall of the cash per wage scheme and ambition pursued
in vain for 46 long and swishy ending years.
Early on there may have been some logic US efforts to isolate Cuban bring down its government
at that time that is when Fennel Castro was trying to overthrow the leaders of various
other Latin American states and moving into a relationship with the Soviet Union and one
that led to the missile crisis of 1962.
But all that is now ancient history.
Castro has built normal peaceful diplomatic relations in the region while any threat posed
by the so-called Cuban-soviet alliance ended with the demise of the Soviet Union more
than a decade ago.
And yet the Bush administration's policy toward Cuba is more hostile than ever.
This despite the fact that immediately after the terrorist attacks of 9-11 Cuba expressed
its solidarity with the American people.
It's subsequently called for dialogue on joint efforts against terrorism.
It also signed all 12 UN resolutions against terrorism.
Surely these overtures were worth exploring but no, the Bush administration rejected them
out of hand and instead began calling for the downfall of the Castro government.
As Roger Noriega, the assistant secretary of state for the Western hemisphere, referred
it in October 2003, the president is determined to see the end of the cash per regime and
this manly of the apparatus that skipped it in power.
To bring that about the administration appointed a commission for assistance to a free Cuba,
which in May 2004 produced a 500-page action plan for the removal of the Castro government
and for what sounded warringly like the U.S. occupation of Cuba, how to make their
trains run on time, how to reorganize their schools and so on.
Shortly thereafter it even appointed U.S. transition coordinator there as Jose Miguel
in the schools of the Chilean Secretary General of the Organization of American States
remarked, but there is no transition in his near country.
The underlying premise of the document was that the regime was on the verge of collapse
just a few more sanctions that would all crumble.
That proved wildly optimistic.
Two years on the Cuban economy has a growth rate of at least 8 percent, new crucially
economic relationships have been forged within Israel and China, the price of nickel
like Cuba's major export is at record highs, and there are strong signs of development
of a major new oil field off the North Coast.
The Bush administration simply ignored this reality and new document issued July 10th
this year it suggested that its plan was working and I produced a new state in Cuba's
transformation, but on July 31st, see this is too long, I don't have time to read it.
I don't have time.
Unless you want to go a couple minutes into the two to four hour, which we don't.
He says US policy then is actually an impediment of precisely the kind of liberalizing changes
the US and European allies should wish to see in Cuba and given the counterproductive
nature of US policy, any country that supports that policy in effect force against any positive
change in Cuba.
Go talk to him, Miguel Aba.
The biggest name so best to come and talk to us is Leo Rogers, 4th radio 560-EU-AM.
On, we leave a pun, stay away from the pun.
We're going to go over again, saying I don't apologize.
People I don't know why you're upset, through my private jet to the third world.
Just like when you're leaner, I adopted a baby.
This kid just won't allow to breathe, but he's making his profile less a team.
I can't rob out the kid, keep the cameras rolling.
Please, people don't reach.
I'm in new money, people don't reach, cause I drive money.
So I found a lot of time, taking this baby.
I'm a new advocate baby.
People don't reach.
I'm a good money, people don't reach.
I've got the bad money.
You don't wish for.
I'm gonna do a cost baby school.
You can't spare a whole criminal movie.
I'm drinking this baby.
Bye, bye, bye.
