is a stench of palminor covers over this performance by the Dalton.
Absolutely.
Well Buffalo has a football team, the greatest in the land.
And everybody thinks they're great.
But they're really hot.
The Buffalo builds on enough for what?
See what I mean?
So just sing a little.
When you say Miami,
when you say Buffalo,
Super football,
and you're the Buffalo Bills.
Buffalo Bills,
the greatest team in the history of human race.
The Buffalo Bills,
the greatest team.
Since sliced bread and canned beer.
Yeah, there you go.
And you're jazzed up that redneck stuff,
delicious and banjo.
Holy sweet God, listen to that.
When you say Buffalo Bills,
it don't sound so redneck you do it.
Everybody sing along now.
Are you Bill Fad?
Here we go.
Well, the Buffalo Bills are the best team.
They have the best record over the last five years.
And they went to the Super Bowl four times,
which is what I can say for this scum-sucking fish.
And they're the greatest.
Let's have a really like that uniforms.
They sure is hell beat the heck out of having a fish
on the helmet,
because they stand out Buffalo whole Bills.
The best football team,
what I ever seen in the history of my life,
they are the Buffalo Bills.
The Buffalo Bills.
The whole gym,
Kelly, the greatest quarterback in the league.
Yeah, everybody, the Buffalo Bills.
They're the Buffalo Bills.
And they've been around,
walking in the stinking rotten fish.
Well, they're the Buffalo Bills.
Buffalo Bills.
What would you rather have as a pet
a Buffalo or a fish?
We're an elephant.
It's 10-0-2 if our Patriot.
How about having a Patriot as a pet?
Like maybe Tom Brady.
10-0-2 at 5-60.
Oh, there he goes again.
Georgia's on vacation this week.
And we got Josh Quartis and Miguel with us today.
Josh is here for the time being.
What are you laughing about?
Nothing.
So Josh had a great time in Tahoe.
I did try the Wheel of Fortune.
They slot machine he put in 40 bucks and he got squat.
Lost my ass.
I had a bad day yesterday too,
or nearly I don't go on Sundays.
But the last couple of Sundays I've done okay.
So I figured, well, why not?
You know, in life,
I paid $40 and I lost my ass.
So not real bad.
I was lose my ass.
I got half of it back on the $5 machine mine.
But anyways, so you tried 40 bucks and got nothing.
Yeah, I got nothing, man.
But Tahoe's, I never been to Tahoe.
I told you the one time I,
what was I?
I guess I was in Sacramento on vacation one year,
many, many moons ago.
And I was driving up to Tahoe
and I took the wrong turn.
There's a fork in the road and it says,
Lake Tahoe, this way,
and then Lake Tahoe that way.
And if you go one way,
you're going to the city in the casino.
And if you go the other way,
you're going to the lake.
That's right. There's north and south.
Right. Well, I went the wrong way.
And I drove up around those unbelievable mountains, man.
And there's one spot in the mountains
where you have to come to a complete stop.
Or you're going to go right over the edge of a cliff.
Yeah. If you come to a stop and then make like a sharp left turn,
then go on around a mountain.
Beautiful scenery, man.
All these people kayaking and canoeing
and whatever the hell they were doing.
Yeah. It's a nice place, man.
There's some
of the people that are going to be there.
But I don't want to take a trip.
I don't want to take a trip.
But I saw a lot of guys like you.
I saw about, you know,
a six-year-old guy playing the slots, man.
Well, this is in the daytime.
Yeah.
Well, at night too.
Well, so maybe that's Tahoe.
Maybe there's just as much old farts there.
Now, anybody that's been to Vegas,
including you,
knows that when you go into casino,
you see tons and tons of people are falling.
Of women.
Oh, boy.
Don't forget about women.
There's all kinds of people.
There's young guys.
There's old guys. There's young women.
There's old women.
There's all kinds of people, middle-aged people,
people you don't want to smell, all this stuff.
An addition which, what?
You don't disremise me.
Well, let me just start off by telling you one other example.
And let me also apologize to myself.
I don't need to apologize to anybody else or to grovel.
Or, I mean, this last two weeks of my life has been so insane.
And only because my own stupidity, you know?
And thanks to Miguel for that stupid Myspace page.
Myspace.
Let me tell you right now.
My space is primarily for kids.
Okay, it's for teenagers.
And it's primarily for people that don't have the ability to meet people, you know,
like out in person in a flash face to face.
That's what Myspace is all about.
People with their fantasy lives, okay?
So all this other stuff I've been going through, and again, I finally am figuring out what I've been dealing with here.
And, you know, that's fine.
Okay?
Have a great life.
Okay? Keep screwing with people.
And I don't know who you're hiding from, but we'll find you.
Everybody will find you in the end.
Saturday morning, I get up early.
I'm going to go out to the bin.
And before I go, I check the Myspace thing.
And sure enough, here's an email.
Well, you know me.
I never check email from the audience.
Well, just lately.
But I've been reading any comment in that case.
But anyway, so here's an email from a guy, a listener, Harry Inditroid.
Okay?
Well, Harry's an expert on my life.
And he proceeds to give me a song to dance about, well, I know you're obviously very lonely,
and about a beep, but about a boop, and what you need to do is find some cute young guy,
and use them, and abuse them, and discard them, and go on to the next one.
I have never read such swells, so out of touch with me in my life.
I mean, this guy knows from nothing.
He's a listener.
So anyway, it just pissed me off.
So I emailed him back.
Not real hostile, but just saying, you know, you don't know what you're talking about.
I'm a police bit lonely.
I wasn't looking for any aggravation in my life, and you know, I have a great life.
I go to a woodbine, I come back having broken even on Saturday, which I, all right.
Not bad.
Come back a few hours later.
Here's another email, of course, from Harry.
Because once you start dignifying these people with a response,
they'll feel like they're all over the election, and you enjoy it.
I've never replied to them.
Will you listen to me?
Now, he totally ignores what I said in the previous message.
This is why emailing is a former communication is a waste of time,
because people respond to whatever parts they want to,
and the other parts that are embarrassing that they made fools of themselves,
they just pretend that they didn't see it or they didn't ignore it.
So now he goes into a thing about, I need to see the Al Gore movie,
and Al Gore this and Al Gore, and he's given me a political,
dialogue, a whole song in advance.
Then he says, when I hear you talk about the slots on the ear,
he says, it just makes me laugh when you start talking about strategy with the slots.
It's a silly, and you need to take a backgammon.
And then this guy, by the way, tells me his big thing is golf.
And although he agrees with me that watching golf on television is ponderous,
he's a big golfer himself.
So now he goes into a thing about how I need to take a backgammon,
and I could be like Tiger Woods in the backgammon champion.
I don't know what he's talking about.
I don't even know what backgammon is.
Do you know what it is?
Sport game.
It's a board game.
That's all I know.
Well, what is it?
I couldn't afford it.
Okay.
Well, you know, Harry, if you enjoy backgammon or shuttle board,
or whatever you like, great.
I'm not going to judge you.
I don't know you.
If that's how you spend your time in between golf games, great.
Have a great life.
I'm not interested in backgammon,
and I'm not interested in giving other people advice on how to live their lives,
just spend their money or their time.
I'd go to Woodland because it's recreation for me.
It's fun.
I enjoy it.
Yeah, more often than not, you lose your ass, but I can afford to do that.
Checkers are more fun.
And guess what, Harry?
I'm not leaving your ass in my will either.
How do you like that?
So anyway, totally out of the box, and you know, as usual,
I got a big pile of stuff here.
I'm prepared to do the show, but come to find out this morning
that we have another QA and crisis going on.
This radio station, this company, is so beyond description that if I...
the audience wouldn't even believe it.
It would make these last two weeks of emotional trauma that I've gone through personally
because I'm a jerk.
It would make that pale and a wind significance.
So I guess I'll have to try to do my best to convince the audience.
Although regular listeners know what a joke this has been,
the Joyce business, and all the other crap that's going on.
So now Greg Reed, who was unceremoniously tossed out of QA,
what was it?
Two years?
Or is it a year?
A year ago or two?
I think about a year.
January.
January be a year.
So Power 96 starts to have some problems after they put Joe Bell in charge of both stations.
So we bring Greg back again.
Hey, Greg, you did such a great job screwing QA.
I'm up and leaving a mess for everybody to clean up.
Now we're going to bring it back over to Power 96
and see if he can't mess that baby up with that jujitsu music.
Well, we're good to know the music.
Whatever George calls it.
So he's over there now.
And I guess the part of the game plan is to try to do everything he can to pull the carpet under from Joe Bell.
Because it's not important that you succeed, but that the people who replaced you fail.
Because then it makes you look better.
Like you are real genius and see what a jerk Joe is and about how the place is falling apart without Greg and Yadi-Yadi.
Even though the building is way up, I'm told, you know.
Not that we have a great sales department or a sales manager, but nevertheless, we have a lot of spots.
In case the audience has noticed.
So little Maddie Bell, who's another one of the pimps for Greg Read over there at Power 96, who's one part of the Greg Read fraternity and has been for years.
He encounters Josh Cordis in the hallway one day.
I don't want to tell the story wrong now.
If I make any mistakes here, you can, you know.
This was in his office. Go ahead.
Well, how did you wind up in his office?
You just got lost one day.
Oh, gee, I'm in Maddie Bell's office.
He said I need to talk to you.
Right. And he offered Josh a job over in Power 96.
I want the audience to try to understand it.
It's like if you have, I'm trying to think of an example.
They're all owned by the same company.
I can't say that there's no other good example because they can't think of any other business where it would apply.
Different departments, I guess.
Different departments owned by the same company in the same building.
And the one department is trying to hire a lot of even department.
The one entity is trying to steal away an employee from the other one.
And I'm turning it into a competition as opposed to working together in harmony all for the same goal.
I'm getting big ratings and making a lot of money and the being successful at the Audi Audi.
All right.
So Maddie Bell offers Josh a job over there at Power 96.
And of course, none of this totally unbeknownst to me.
I mean, why the hell should I know anything about it since Josh is an important part of the show and has been for two years?
Why should anybody discuss that with me?
Now, Joe Bell gets wind of this on QAM.
Are you, give a score card, folks.
You'll have to have a score card and a pencil with a bigger racer on to keep track of all this.
Now, Joe Bell says, oh, I don't go over to Power 96, Josh.
I'll max the offer to get you to stay QAM on the website.
Not necessarily not on the near Roger's show, no way.
And so Josh says, oh, okay, sure.
But now at two o'clock this afternoon, he's got to go to Maddie Bell and Greg Reed,
whom we already sure cans with Maddie taking the job for Power 96.
And saying, oh, Joe Bell made me an offer I can't refuse to stay QAM doing some other stuff, Yaudi-audi.
And thanks for the offer, but go away.
Is that what you're going to have to do?
Yeah, I guess so.
Of course, by two o'clock, you already have heard about it, which is good that I'm talking about on the air.
Is it good?
Huh?
Is it good?
Yeah, well, save you the shock factor because he'll already be well aware of it.
That you're not thrown over there.
Josh ain't going over to power Greg and Maddie.
He ain't going to do that.
Just what we needed back in the middle of the day.
You know what's like?
It's like, you know, your cancer goes into remission and so you go out and start chain smoking or something like that.
I just never heard of it.
Greg created such a mess that he left a QAM and put the license in dire jeopardy that
let's bring over to power and say, in fact, maybe they can do the same thing over there.
Maybe they can lose that license too.
They're paying a lot of really, you know, a lot of rap stuff.
It's got a lot of language in it.
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
Like they already do.
They're like they do in that.
But then some more.
Some more.
I mean, they bring back more and put his ass on power.
Put some power into his ass.
Okay, here's the a pull from the weekend before we go away back into that and all this other crap.
What you take on WQM's decision to candy, at Kaplan Show, there's another really nifty thing.
Who's at Kaplan 727?
It's stupid.
I hope they'd be considered 328.
Just another shameful heartless QA managerial decision 288.
I like it, but I don't listen very often because he's on too late, 220.
Sorry, it will pack you a sandwich, 155.
Make sure it's even national and kosher for Hanukkah.
By the way, how about some Hanukkah guilt?
Anybody want to send us several million dollars?
Just another shameful heartless episode in corporate radio, 146.
And I hate this pull only 36 out of 1900 votes, a mere 1.8%.
They liked it.
And they liked any K2, but his last show was this Friday night.
And I'll have to defend it, nobody's told me, but nobody's called me that much.
Radio 560.
You A.M.
Oh God.
Eat a bagel, spin a dreador.
That's what you wish, say, Paul.
And they don't get to celebrate Christmas.
We are laughing, they are crying, they get trapped for a day.
Yes.
And nowhere on Christmas you'll hear Hanukkah.
Hanukkah.
Hanukkah.
Hanukkah.
Every year you get passed over.
Chinese food, Chinese food, set the mood.
Set the mood cause you don't have Christmas day.
Hanukkah.
Hanukkah.
Hanukkah.
Hanukkah.
Being Jewish, it's a pity.
Mazotan.
Mazotan.
You got rock.
You got rock.
The cause you don't have Christmas day.
You fairy.
Tonight at 560 WQM, happy Hanukkah to all our utelahs out there.
Happy and Merry Christmas!
It's a week away from today.
And whatever else you celebrate, happy atheist or whatever.
We're all going to burn and hell.
989 votes on the pool.
I'll get back to the adult in situation, by the way, in the papiate situation,
and the football situation, and the joebell situation, and the joy situation.
and the abrus easily situation, et cetera.
And the Jacob situation, which there isn't any.
Go away, Jacob, okay, grow up already and go away.
Go have another drink.
Let's see what this is, a fact that says,
speaking of this, oh here's another situation.
The second annual big O,
rock solid.
How many tourgrab ins Wednesday?
We're looking for new unwrap toys
to benefit the Mami Children's Hospital.
There are drop-off boxes in all South Florida ale houses,
Kindle Toyota and Ketchley on Luzunro just south of the 836.
So there you go, help the big, do his thing.
Something good he does every year,
to this time of the year.
The rest of the year, well, you know.
That's the old big, that's him.
He's really not quite so rock solid with him.
I love those spots, by the way.
Each time he gets a little more rock, rock, rock.
And it just makes me laugh very hard.
And these days, who couldn't use a good laugh?
Anyway, the pool today, 996 votes are cool as 1000.
And then McGill and Josh take over the show
when we get to 1000.
And we got 996 already.
I think we might get to 1000 today.
I will remember Jeb Bush most for,
and here's the choices.
Helping his brother steal the 2000, 400 votes.
His whole law-breaking family, 185.
Including that Rift's Nordy daughterhood.
Ugh.
Last Noel.
Interfering with Terry and her.
Zach.
No, I don't know.
Sorry.
About that too.
101.
Over-training the voters on State Amendment 64,
the stupid F-cat 56 as an FU Jeb.
Being a great guy, 54, ride his fat ass, 30.
30 say.
But 30, man.
Remember Jeb, fat ass governor.
That's what I voted.
He's a fat ass.
And all the other things too.
His Coke's Nording prescription for Jeb daughter, Noel 29.
What about his smuggling wife?
I guess they didn't make the poll.
Opposing the Slats 20, needlessly cutting down,
what does that say?
Or, or, or, my citrus tree is 15.
I say, excuse me, those citrus trees, somebody's.
Being on TV, whenever there was a hurricane, 15, grandstandy,
OK, playing on human misery and desperation and fear.
That's one thing the Bush family does very well.
The only thing we have to fear is the Bush family.
I hate this poll only 14, 1.4% and being a right wing
goober as in gubernatorial, 13.
One of the chicken eggs greatest lines of all time.
Goober, that's why they call it guber gubernatorial.
That's cute.
And that buddy, McKay, he was a real goober,
1,000 vote since, not even 10.30.
We are kicking ass.
Of course, I put this on her yesterday,
and I'm going to go to one of those walk time, pretty early.
I've no idea what time I changed the poll,
but early enough so that we got a good head start for today.
So I can leave now and Josh Contetti
as Maddie Bell's story.
Isn't it interesting that it's Maddie Bell against Joe Bell?
Huh?
Who's going to come out of the sound of the bell?
I don't think I have it, but now I got that bell.
I like that one better.
Where is that?
Is that in the DCS or is that on the M?
Now that's on the A little shortcut here.
Doesn't have a name to it, the same thing?
Yeah, prize bell.
Oh, prize bell?
Well, one moment, please.
Maybe I have the prize bell.
No, I don't.
Like that Maddie Bell.
He's a real prize.
What do you think about him?
No, I don't think so.
Well, yeah, I don't have it.
You got it.
There you go.
Thousand one votes on the poll.
So anyway, speaking of the Adolfins,
you know, it really, it just cracks me up.
But then again, it's so typical and so predictable.
And last week I'm getting these calls,
oh, what happened here?
Patriots near.
All the dolphins, 21, the Patriots.
Well, what happened here?
Adolfins, man, sounds to me like the same squirrel.
And this time they're on the side, a goose egg in Buffalo.
And there looks to me like the,
for the umpteenth year in a row
that they're out of the playoffs.
The dolphins officially now.
And the Patriots, although it's not official,
they will win the division.
They will be in the playoffs.
And who knows, maybe another super bowl,
although I doubt it, but they sure kicked Houston's ass.
Yes, they're a little girls team, but nevertheless.
All these guys with their big mouth,
my team beat your team, that makes me into a big shot.
Yeah, right.
Sure, whatever you say makes you into a real big man.
So anyway, getting back to it,
because I'm not one of those people at Glowts.
I mean, it's a ball game.
That's all.
It doesn't make me any better or any worse.
Whether my team wins or your team loses,
how about those make believes, man, three in a row?
They've nearly lost seven in a row before that.
It's all, you know, cock eyes what it is.
It's a bunch of ball games, bunch of Josh straps.
So getting back to this Josh Corda situation,
of course, this comes at a very propitious time for me
because I've been to, you know,
thinking about this early retirement business.
And maybe even counting the numbers.
And by the way, Jacob, thanks for, see,
he doesn't even realize it,
but he like planted the seed with all his devious fun
and games and all his drunken buddies.
Ah, boy, you're sure you're getting that meal.
He's obsessed with you.
Yeah, right.
People that wanna go online and play with other people's lives
and careers and their emotions.
And just, and the thing that I've, that's amazed me,
the last week or so, I've heard from more different people
I know who've had similar experiences.
Really?
So I don't take it personal like it's only me.
Although I, you know, don't think I deserve it,
but nevertheless, this seems to be a commonplace thing.
Not always on the internet, but it's very often,
it's an easy way to do it,
where people like string other people long
and put on a good dog and pony show.
And then they just vanish.
A T, if you will.
Yeah, but to me the most cowardly,
I mean, well, what is that all about?
For cowards, you know, people who won't answer
their phone calls, people don't respond to emails,
people are going to hiding,
people are keeping moving every three or four months
like the bill collectors after them
or something like that.
Maybe you don't know the run from something.
But I don't know.
Yeah, certainly it's crossed my mind.
Anybody that age who's got supposedly a responsible job
who's Mr. Mystery in running and hiding
and unlisted phone numbers and all this,
I don't get it.
Nor do I care anymore that I got the cure last night.
What's that?
No, I told you already before the show,
I had a friend of mine call his cell phone number
and got hung up on twice.
First time as Jacob, the second time as Jason.
Maybe if there would have been a third time,
it would have been Jared.
You know, Jared from the sub-samages
that fat queen that's under.
But whatever.
Like the skinny question.
So there's a lot of mystery going on.
Quite frankly, I don't care.
I don't have time in my life for such nonsense.
But indirectly, at least,
that all that source and grief caused me like re-examine, you know?
Oh, and then I also had, I also have email,
and there was another email on there.
Maybe it was also that hairy guy forget.
This has all been pretty hairy to me.
About, oh, George has been like the Ed McMahon
to you all these years,
and you're not going to leave him in your will.
You don't worry about who I leave in my will, okay?
This all you nosy bastards out there
don't want to give me instructions on life
and I want to do with my money and where,
or get out of here.
I've taken good care of George for 16 years, okay?
Him and chicken heckin' lot of other people.
I don't need any instruction on who I should leave my money to
or how I should treat people.
I treat people pretty damn well, okay?
I wish I could say the same for all of them.
George has been great.
He's on vacation this week, by the way.
And thank God for that.
He doesn't need this added service, this grief.
Finding out that once again,
the near-wide Joe's head,
the carpet pulled off from other than by the beeslees.
Thanks a lot, Joyce, and you too, Joe.
You're doing a hair of a job.
Had a half hour conversation with Joe Bellis
morning before the show,
and now my attorney norm is on there with him.
Hope the two of them.
Maybe you had to be a fly in the wall
for that conversation.
That would be good.
I'd like to be a fly in the wall
in Maddie Bell's office when you have to go in there
and tell him, oh, by the way, Maddie screw you.
I'm going to stay in the QAM.
Well, you already broke the ice.
Yeah, that's right.
I'm making a lot easier for you now.
See that? See the things I do?
The things we do for love,
and the things we do for our board ops.
Now you're okay.
Then a fine job on a show.
We'll miss you.
Do a great job,
and I'm out there.
You enjoy a show with your interplay
and a four-play and after-birth and whatever you're doing.
But let's say, you know,
you've got to do what's best for you.
And if they're going to give you a lot more money
to drag your ass off this show,
I don't blame you.
I wouldn't have any hard feelings about it.
In fact, I might drag myself off this damn show very soon.
Soon.
1027 at 560 W. QAM.
This is G Gordon Lydia,
and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh, hell.
Oh!
My Annie has the dolphins,
and here we go again.
Another losing season
that's never gone,
and they never win,
they never will.
And I will never know
why sports illustrated
picked them to win a Super Bowl.
And they're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many jeans in the lead?
But it's you.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
The same old story nothing new.
The dolphins are such losers.
They really aren't quite land.
I knew it from the very start.
I watched a pitch work game,
and did you see the wimpy way?
They're saving through that flag,
standing on the sidelines.
They look just like a fag,
and they're the Miami Dolphins.
You're fair.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many jeans in the lead?
Thirty two.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
They're problems stick there,
they're like glue.
Absolutely.
The dolphins lost a football wall,
and then he can't have seen.
It's only five-year luck
that they pulled out of victory.
And then they played the Texans.
It almost made me sick.
It's too bit, too, point pass play.
That fumbling on site kick and there.
The Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
The right.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many jeans in the lead?
Thirty two.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
The whole end of the morning needs to shoot.
The dolphins can't control the fall.
They're running.
Game is flat.
It's for their execution.
Well, I'd agree with that.
They're always gonna blow a lead
of that you can be sure.
And when they lead the field,
so has the stench of common door.
And they're the Miami Dolphins.
Oh, I see.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many jeans in the lead?
Thirty two.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Give them another shot of glue.
Oh, no.
No, stop.
But dolphins have no strategy.
They play like idiots.
Another couple games watching the injury at St. Jets.
I think they're all retarded.
It's almost like their curse.
Astray St. Taylor and Beck Thomas,
which theme is the worst in they'll say?
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
What the hell?
Thirty two.
I am a Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
I am a Dolphins.
Now they're through.
Man, they suck.
That's pretty embarrassing.
But nevertheless,
so they've lost both games to the bills this season, right?
That's right.
Oh, no.
And 21 Zippo yesterday.
By any of what happened to your Patriots?
I don't know.
It seems to me they beat the girls team.
The same team that beat the Dolphins earlier in the season.
Forty to seven yesterday, I could be wrong about that.
And barely even worked up a sweat if you asked me.
Hey, you see the box almost win, man?
Yeah, congratulations.
They made a great comeback in that month.
But that's their specialty this season.
They make great comebacks in just one of your things
that they're going to pull out of game.
They blow it in the end.
Well, that's where it goes.
It doesn't really make a difference at this point.
Now go for the draft pick, man.
Okay.
Go for the draft pick.
Get Brady Quinn in there.
I'll become a Bucks fan.
Not.
No, we don't want that.
I don't mind a Bucks.
They're all right.
It could be worse.
You could be a Dolphan.
That would be like really.
Anyway, here's a somebody fact that's in the traffic oil.
And let me just mention one other thing before I get to the traffic checkpoint for Dany Beach
to tomorrow.
Another thing about the MySpace thing, that Miguel was so kind to set up for us.
And we got 800 and let me just take a look at it.
We got a lot of friends.
Ha ha ha ha.
With friends like these.
Well, by the way, we will find you, Jacob.
Make no mistake.
We'll find you just to shake your hand.
Let me ask you this.
Both of you.
You really think that even when this individual was communicating and returning to your
males and kissing my ass, you really think he was going to show up for lunch?
Now I'm starting to say no.
No.
What do you think, Miguel?
Negative.
Oh.
862 friends.
That's not bad for a Norfolk like me on MySpace.
That's basically for living and reading young people.
Hey, they all want to talk to you, too.
No, no.
None of them want to talk to me.
That's one good thing.
In fact, a lot of them probably have some useful information they could tell me about this last
latest episode of psychosis, but they don't do it because they're all like in a psyched
club.
It's like a fraternity, except for Harry and Detroit.
You know, who knows that I'm very lonely.
Ha ha ha ha.
And I should be playing backgammon.
That'll solve my problems.
Harry, get a life.
He's silly old person.
You silly old queen.
Anyway, be all right.
And the other thing I was starting to say is the wonderful thing about MySpace is that once you post
your profile on there, you can hear from anybody.
Which of course is the idea.
That's the idea.
The idea is that all these people are trolling on there.
And of course, maybe you're talking to somebody at Dateline.
You know, it's going to make you very famous or whatever the deal is.
There's some crazy pervert.
So, you know, when I went on the air with all this business, one can only begin to imagine some
of the crazy people who must have been like all over Jacob's email on the hot mail page on the MySpace.
Sure.
What about like that, right?
All of your friends.
All 800 of them.
Well, since I had no, I'm not talking about those people.
Just anybody out there and then they don't have to be one of the friends.
Anybody can go on there and click on somebody's profile.
That's true.
No.
Oh, I stay away from them.
He's a crazy person.
He's going to molest you.
Right.
Kind of hard to molest a 32-year-old God, but nevertheless, BSO deputies will conduct a traffic
checkbook operation tomorrow from 7pm to 10pm in the 300 block of Dixie highway or the 5200 block of southwest
40th Avenue, both in Danyabeech.
I don't know what that really means.
Or, is that mean both, or either ran out of the way?
That's the my area.
No, I don't either.
Danyabeech.
Well, that probably can't be too awfully far from our friends at Jackson's ice cream, which we do love them.
See if I say that, maybe they'll bring in some ice cream.
Now, what do you get in the soup on Wednesday?
That the soup Nazis bring in in soup on Wednesday.
Vehicles will be inspected for the expected safety equipment and motorists will be asked to show their drivers' license, registration, proof of insurance, and hopefully their drivers' license will have a current address on them.
Not some old address like in Halemdale or some funky place like that, but like a current address.
This information is published in compliance with the Supreme Court ruling mandating prior announcement of selective enforcement activities.
So, that's, I'll put that in my pile and I'll mention it again.
We're 862 friends at our Myspace.
By the end of the year, we might just, damn, we'll have 900.
Look at that spiffy tag I get from a guru.
I'm going to tell you this Brian Smuts since he's come back.
Has he done a job in our sales department?
Has he done something?
He's done something, all right.
And if you got a broom, you can help us clean it up.
You are really amazing Brian.
Let me tell you, let's see, there's that original piece of copy.
The date on it is March 21st.
All right.
March.
Wow.
But we're just marching ahead moving forward as people inside the building do everything in their power to screw with us, to screw with QAM and to screw with poor Joe Bell.
Joe, you're a good guy but I think you're a little over your head.
You're drowning in a sea of powerlessness.
So we'll see if this deal sticks me.
Maybe you'll go in here and make your counteroffer and say, hey, we'll give you 200,000 a year, Josh, just to get you off of QAM.
And I'll say, this is screw over Joe Bell, huh?
And I'll say, all right.
Yeah, sign where do I say, where do I sign?
Where do I sign?
On the dotted line.
And it'll be just fine.
Now let's see what we got in this pool today.
I'm way off my feet.
And of course I have been last two weeks to it.
And like I said, of course you were out in Tahoe last week.
So you were aware that there was a second chapter to all this.
Miguel knows because he's feeling pains of guilt for practically destroying my life with it in my space page.
Even though that wasn't his intent.
Yeah, it was.
No, was it?
In other words, you're in Kahooos with Jacob, is that the deal?
No, I'm not.
You're in 10.
And it's my bad luck.
I have told so many people these last two weeks there isn't any listener that I can think of over all these 30, almost 31 years in time.
There's nobody else that could have played me like a fiddle like that and got me all emotional.
And I still don't know what it's all about.
I don't know this person.
Who now leads him?
We'll find you though, Jacob.
Believe me, we will find you.
And when we do find you, we'll take a look at that driver's license and I sure hope it's got a current address.
1050 on a pool, 1050, the CHUM Toronto, WMGM, Peter Tripp, the Crowley, hit a kid in the third row, and WHN.
Who now used to be on WHN?
I'm trying to think.
Well, somebody, look at all of them phone calls man coming in.
I'm sure that we want to take a lot of calls today.
What do you think?
Especially after a lot of people.
Although I will tend to this.
When's the enthurse day in George Contestify if he was here, but he's not.
We had a lot of really good calls.
Wednesday for whatever reason they decided they were all going to kiss my ass.
I think out of sympathy because they felt so sorry that I was going through all this trauma from being shined by some punk out there in the audience.
I wanted to play with my life and would it show like a play to it?
Oh, I don't believe you.
What?
No, seriously, we had a lot of really great calls Wednesday and Thursday.
Different people, new people.
And then of course we also had, but then again, that's the beastly F and Wayman.
For this company, just they can't get it done.
With these people know about radio, you could make an encyclopedia out of the stuff that they don't know about radio.
In fact, when they do know about radio, you can put in a thimble and have them.
They know how to make money.
I'll say that.
They do know how to make money.
And so I think we've reached another crisis point here at QM where internally we have a warfare.
We have the warfare of the bells.
Joe Bell against Maddie Bell.
Where's that prize bell sound?
Come on, you can do it.
There it is.
The Battle of the Bells.
Now what's that Christmas song?
The Browns, the Bells, three little bells.
What was that song?
What was that?
Old song.
Well, somebody will know.
Some old fart like me.
Chicken echo.
I'll look it up in the book during the break or not.
I'm checking some other interesting information during the break.
19 before 11 at 560 WQM.
It's lobster fest back on that guy.
Josh is back when improvise last week.
For the animal co-spot, we had a drop in.
Like that, see?
See him.
See him.
See him.
See him.
And George, see him.
Captain, see him.
Another one.
See him.
Another one.
Where of exploding balls?
Forthole radio 560 WQM presents
Two broad cash dynamo.
Healthy and wedding.
Hey everybody, it's Sandy.
Hey everybody, it's Sandy.
Come in to me on a show today.
It's none other than the principal pipe.
Honey Marta!
I know they need six six cloves.
There we go.
Wow, wow, wow.
Wow, wow.
Wow, that's a good idea.
What?
The port of the red house.
That's a good idea.
Oh, wait.
How good is that?
That's a good idea.
Yeah, I got one of the property.
Because it's lobster barbings.
I was a scout.
Good thing I'm big and poor.
I think it's already.
Wow.
It's quite honest.
It's quite a man.
You can see around here.
Look, watch it.
And we need, we need.
We need.
We need.
Okay.
Wow.
You are big and strong.
Yeah, but I'm big and strong and you.
I work out.
I get you with this baby.
I don't even have anyone else.
I'm not.
Why do you ask?
You ain't got nothing on me.
I'll help you.
Oh, I do it.
I'm always bad.
Oh, and he is.
But nevertheless.
So speaking of guilty, I still haven't received any kind of a message from him.
I would assume since the Panther organization and the police.
I think the team is in town here to play the Leafs tomorrow night at the air.
I would have thought this is what a bit of a golden opportunity during a Hanukkah, during these holidays.
For a guilty to call me in and invite me.
Yeah, you there.
Hello.
What does that mean?
Oh, you got cut off.
Wow.
What do you mean I got cut off?
That was pretty cool.
Oh, wasn't it what scary as hell.
Yeah, actually, it was for a long.
Just for about three seconds.
Three seconds?
Yeah.
Well, in the middle of that spot, the guilty spot he dropped on.
Was that on your end?
Was that just on this?
Her end?
Her end.
Wow.
So we're having some technical difficulties.
I did notice that we were having an emergency Friday night I came in here to send some 80 million bedtime stories to Eric since he was doing them last week.
Josh was on vacation.
Yes.
And most of the lights on this tele-suna were out.
You know, these green lights on this box that all have to be on indicating that the line is working from here to there and there to here.
Oh, so you're having some problems.
Are you even going to start that again?
No, no.
Listen, I know it's over here.
It's not even a question.
But the good news is that again, yesterday they were back on.
So maybe they were doing like a little maintenance or something like that.
Or maybe there was like a bolt of lightning or something happened.
You know, so maybe all of a sudden I'll like,
Oh, there we go.
I like that.
I'll disappear.
And you'll never know.
You'll have no way of knowing.
See that?
That's the beauty.
That's the great advantage I have is that if I just decided to get up and put my clothes on and walk out and go to the early launch, you just take an eye stroll.
It's not a bad day.
You would never know the difference.
Right.
I could say.
It's very difficult.
And you wouldn't have any way of knowing.
Oh, it's either a line draft.
Oh, poor Neal.
He must be sitting there having a fit.
No.
Not more than usual.
By the way, that song, the three bells that Jim had brown and the brown.
Thank you so much.
That's it.
The three bells.
Very depressing song.
More bid.
And of course we never heard from them again.
Well, we only got the two bells.
We got Maddie Bell and Joe Bell.
And then we got Joe Mama Bell.
Well, maybe we ought to take a few of these calls.
I don't know.
Because I got my hearing.
I don't want to see how good they are.
You know, you said they're better.
See, you don't believe me, do you?
We had some really nifty calls last week.
No.
WQA and Hello.
And this box is acting up.
We'll take that.
Listen to you.
Yes, sir.
Hey, what's up?
I've been listening to you for about nine years.
I know the best.
You should be a professor at a field.
Yeah, that's right.
Hey, what happened?
Maybe I can go my next job after I hang this microphone up in a few days.
You really hate Miami that much?
Once you move back here, like do a nighttime show or something.
Yeah.
Oh, you're right.
You're right.
And listen, at least that was somebody different.
It was like a real personal.
Now, you know, I'll take it.
Yeah.
Don't be so negative, man.
Just because you were out in Tahoe and lost 40 bucks at a bad machine, man.
Don't be so hostile and negative.
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
You're going to be making a big bucks now.
We're going to feed their man.
Why don't you take both jobs?
That's a good idea.
Maddie Bell and Joe Bell.
Then you can leave me in your will.
How's that?
WQA and Hello.
Yeah, maybe Joshua and I, Pat.
You'll get more respect over there.
Go, Josh.
I'm behind you, back dog.
Yahoo!
See what I say?
Oh, boy.
You're a people, man.
Who?
Who is it that we have an eye patch?
I don't understand that.
What does that mean?
I have no idea.
Well, of course.
I didn't say that.
It would be rational, making a sense.
Hey, it's a week before Christmas.
It's in the middle of Chimuka, baby.
How about some Hanukkah gel?
Huh?
Send me a billion dollars.
Everybody leave me in their will.
I still, you know, I don't know.
What the hell this was all about.
I'm not these lies to me.
Maybe I'm going through, you know, they talk about, um, midlife crisis.
Maybe I was going through a late night cry, a life crisis.
You think that's it?
Oh, maybe I, maybe, no, maybe I needed that.
Maybe in a way somebody who's been doing it.
Hello.
Yeah.
This is a nice effect.
Maybe I play something.
Any idea?
Yeah.
Here we go.
Yeah, I'm here.
All right.
So I hope we were out again for like 30 seconds or something like that.
I said, man, we had a cool little effect going on over here too.
We were like, you know, in like a tunnel.
Yeah.
That was great.
You know, you could hear me, but it sounded like I was in a tunnel.
No, no.
We sounded like we were in a tunnel.
Oh, well, aren't we?
you the tunnel loves that's right that's right what was I just about to say I
don't know I have no idea I don't know you can put me that important maybe God
was involved oh God maybe he's trying to like chop me off so that I don't just
throw it all down the toilet right here on the air I'm ready to I told Joe
Bell this morning I said and and this is interesting I said to him I said you
know I was prepared I could do the show blindfolded to be honest if I didn't
have to read this stuff I could just pretty much do a blindfolded my hands tied
behind my back which is when you work for the beesleys your hands are always
tied behind your back I said I was prepared and you heard me say this on the
air a couple times that I was going to continue working till I croaked you know
it's not a big deal I'm having those big fat checks coming in twice a month and
I was ready to do that and he said oh well let's go ahead and do that I said
yeah but I'm not planning on croaking anytime the next couple of weeks you know
boy I mean he just he just doesn't get it he means well he's a nice guy but
they're gonna do everything in their power to make sure that he fails and of
course one of the best ways to do that is screw with the show and have me just
you know kind of run off and disappear and go into hiding I know I can consult
and have a good job with that going into hiding hmm W.K.Y.M. Hello
no if you ever had a case with rectal it's that I feel so yeah I've had some
real bad erectile it's okay especially after calls like that because they're
real pain in the rectal 5 6 7 0 5 60 see and Josh is thinking oh boy there's
nothing to go to but there were some very nice calls Wednesday and Thursday and
I think when I announced my last show I think we'll probably have some real
oh gee yeah right yeah I'll go on okay and so I thought as such as it is and I'm
gonna come back and do a nighttime show in Miami you'll see W.K.Y.M. Hello
me all be your boy toy and you be my sugar daddy yeah okay yeah W.K.Y.M.
hello yeah see like I told you they're good what were you laughing about
they're great and that's pretty much the end of it that's that kind of takes
her the calls for today well I mean it's the week before Christmas for Christ's
on sorry 1085 on a pool of 1085 votes I'll remember Jeb Bush most for helping
his brother steal a two you know this pool has got someone it's not my pool
one to listen to said it in and I thank them for that but it's got so many long
answers that it takes about five minutes to read the day and pull which is a
good way to kill some good time today as opposed to those nifty calls I remember
Bush Jeb Bush most for helping his brother steal the 2000 lesson 30 years
outside 436 of that my whole all breaking family 201 interfering with Terry and
her 188 overturning the voters on state amendment 66 the stupid f-cats 64
being a great guy 57 his big fat ass 35 his co-snorting prescription
14 daughter Nicole 33 opposing the slots 22 being on TV whenever there was a
hurricane 18 needlessly cutting down those citrus trees 16 I hate this pool
only 15 and mere 1.3% and being a right wing guber as in gubernatorial 14 I
guess I got to put play that bit where it says gubernatorial let the
telehensi and I see I think that's the one that's maybe it's not I think it will
find out though after the break only yes we will now we still are we still
communicating because I heard you're voting right now I got a little you know
music on key if ready to go yes standby standby for more QM technical
incompetence is not on this and I guarantee that whatever kind of hanky spanky
is going on on this line it's strictly on your end just like that thing with
this tell us thing I've put about the life it was all on your end because I
reset my thing here nothing happened so everything here was hunky dory you
know like Jim Dory to use to play for the least well I sure liked old Jim Dory
man or young Jim Dory back in the day but that's just another error and I can't
live in the past like all you doffans man all you sports guys that live in the
past very sad this is in the offense the I don't think they realize when you're
out there and you might just the fact that you're losing whether the
down the wrong way that's that's all a care about yeah hey have a great day
hey go away and all that other crap all that care about what's that oh it's
just you know repeating what he said with you yeah is that what he just said he
say boot he didn't say boot he said why don't we reboot this whole thing
all right it was gonna play some hockey stuff at their own commercial break
which is a good idea this is the Neil Roger show this is your brain any
questions
oh no don't go in there are you hear my stomachs
my stomachs
my stomachs
people having homes from work late one night and they fall behind
of a fast food line they pulled in and gave their order to the girl and the next thing
you know they started to get up out this time it started to blow
things I go out of there and inside their
room it had a smell that's when they started to blow not feeling well
and the beanberry cold it must have been the curse the case of the
yacht that's causing all the best diarrhea but not a big are going to die
they just got a bad case of equal
from the bell bell
let's come excited to blow in the
bell bell
burning inside their throat
it had a smell that's when they started to blow not feeling well
from the beanberry toe should have skipped the down
shallop up you might not have made but super next time you pass the
fine say no even though it's grilled so it's good to go
lots of people got sick and wish that they are begun so they could hunt down the people
who think outside the fun the pain from the crams they felt deep in their
gut so next time they'll just go to be for hot
not my go out there's some excited to blow from
time go out to burning inside their throat
it had a smell that's when they started to blow not feeling well
from the beanberry toe
it's a lot of those great kids get out for the holidays baby go on one of those
future to work every time we got over a hundred votes on the floor and miss right
a week before the holidays how do you like that right a week before we
term it I think New Year's Day a week good day for me to hang it up or let's see
what what day is New Year's day I believe it's a Monday
yeah it's two weeks from today because it's always the Monday after the week after
Christmas day so what's the deal on New Year's day do we have like ball games
see nobody tells us anything like this morning before the show after Josh
announced to me that he was leaving the show because Greg Read and Eddie Bell
are conniving to try to like make sure Joe Bell fails and screw up the show
he says to me is anybody working with us today I said I don't know nobody tells me
and we got delighted to have our great host friend McGill in there so we can talk
about oh let's see there's a story about Castro for McGill you want to hear it
he's not terminally ill I heard it are you saw that yeah we just sound pretty
pretty bummed about it huh fucks love about six on the pool baby we got
over a hundred votes on your fat ass out going governor and then we can get our
gay governor in for the New Year miss Christ Cuban officials told a group of
visiting US lawmakers that Fidel Castro does not have cancer or a terminal
list and the most comprehensive denial yet of rampant rumors about the
ailing leaders health the head of the US delegation said yesterday US
representative Jeff Flake huh and Arizona Republicans have Cuban officials
did not provide further details on the 80-year-old leaders health but did say
he'll eventually be turned to public life all the officials have told us that
his illness is not cancer nor is it terminal and he'll be back flake told the
AP and a telephone interview Castro's medical conditions been a state
secret since he had a win surgery for intestinal bleeding in late July and
temporarily seated power to his younger brother Raul he has been seen publicly
since July 26 oh I just farted real bad miss chair that's bad I think that's
a message from God Jesus Christ Cuban officials have repeatedly insisted the
other cancers recovering and vice president Carlos Lague previously dismissed
reports that leader was suffering from stomach cancer but officials have
Republican not rumors that it could have another type of cancer or some other
terminal illness terminal baby
come and dread dial wicked death Fidel and then like I said that'll be the day
that we've waited for all these green teeth who've just been waiting for the day
when Fidel croaked and it can go back under a new regime we'll see how fast they
happen was banana boats and get out of town get out of Dodge get out of date
how many you think you're gonna go back Miguel if he dies not too much third man
yeah maybe the recent ones the recent ones have just came over or the old green
tooth ones that have been screaming for 40 years about they want to go back you
know the people would just been like you know they're we're just lodging here in
Dave County we're not per hair permanently we're just lodging until the
abirded one croaks right come at least the communist and yada yada same old
tired crap look at that phone baby they are on fire not I mean nothing like I said
the good calls came in Wednesday and Thursday and that was it for the holidays
well come on let me hear some of those my last see if we get any okay now they're
not gonna call back I mean what do you mean they're not chronic that's the whole
point they were just rational nice people being know whatever they were
friendly for the holidays which you know and of course you know you just making it up
no not rational nice people they were wonderful people they were kissy kissy five
six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and they've risen singular wireless line
wkym hello well like I said yeah as if we didn't already know that but I've
dumped it anyway five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty and they've
risen singular wireless line wkym hello like I said wkym hello
what are you doing with the apothea right at phone that wasn't him that was mostly me
I thought you were going to kill it so I was going to be to it well I was gonna kill it
to your start to get the Josh I just now are you like Jones and to get his job
well because your your box wasn't working properly so what do you mean by that
then there's nothing wrong with my box so he just don't worry about my box and I
still have heard from Kelly about lunch or dinner you don't want to buy me nothing
talk about I'm friendly I mean look at all the nice things I said about that's
a quicky voice tips quick and and here he comes to Toronto and don't even want to
like air can fabulate and have and we could you know go on about the moment
oh you're winding out here every day every time I come to town I see
Gildey in a hall oh geez I don't know how I can go on I'm just crying up a storm
and now of course he's got those panthers but even though they did beat the
Bruins the other night they're enough to make you crap a storm too because like
most South Florida teams accept a course for that they don't make the playoffs
how many years since the dolphins were in a playoffs about a hundred it's been a
little bit I think it's the broadcaster I think since Jimmy Syphilis has been
broadcasting the dolphin games they don't make the playoffs no more and when
Moe was doing the games did they make the playoffs under Moe no no Moe I
think since what's his name got screwed over what that was his name Bill Zinfer
who did he was a good guy I mean he was okay wasn't a great broadcast we did a
pretty good job he was good and of course he and the dog got a long break but
and of course since Mr. Weaver I let's look again I'll dig up that's the answer
for the dolphin woes man all you dolphins dig up the body of Rick Weaver
profus asked up there in the broadcast booth waving a white hanky you know
in fact you can have Moe up there all are most busy rooting for the jets I'm
sure and there's need doing games on some horseball and it worth a no
they were heard yeah plus of course he's on a 50 now in the weekends doing his
stick WQYM hello now there's one of the better ones I told you there's some good ones
you didn't believe me didn't you WQYM hello
hey Neil how you doing this is John from the Skyline Chilean Sunrise hey Skyline
Chile one of my favorites hey John how's it going pretty good pretty good I was just
wondering if I'd you and Jacob to come down you know and also was near ball
the best friends forever okay you have a good day okay what did he say he was
inviting you and your friend to come on down my friend I don't you know I want
to go back into it again okay it was very sad and very tragic and the
even even with somebody out there who's obviously got some issues I don't know
what they are no do I care anymore and all and the only thing I would say is
that I feel personally degraded humiliated and embarrassed if you could you
you would cry if you could say you know first of all the crying bit which I don't
know what that was all about just depressed you know like somebody going
out of their way to wound you and somebody I don't give a crap about in the
first place but the stuff that I wrote the self the self-deprecating apologizing
silly old queen garbage that I wrote and for what without a while I have to
apologize for am I right absolutely is what I would say yeah that but
nevertheless and that's another reason this whole my spacing and you know
something there has yet to be anybody I mean we got these 862
friends on there and of course maybe he doesn't have any of those people as
friends or that's luck for them but I have yet to read anything from anything
nothing except from Harry and Detroit that's tell me I should play backgammon
and stop playing the slots and how he likes to plots when he hears me talking
about the slots guess what Harry I'll play whatever to help games I want to play
you will play your backgammon in your shuffleboard and go out there and play golf
you know the kind of people that play golf people who are bored I could agree with that
yeah that's the kind of people that go out there and have a couple of pops you know in a
love it I read the 17 votes on a pool man pretty heavy duty about your outgoing fat
ass governor wqa m hello qa m hey me how you doing okay sir two things first of all
there any pops of smoke on edge meeting with the management on Friday
nine haven't been told a word nothing okay second thing you know the bush
under bush obviously the dead went from four trillion to eight trillion the biggest
scandal would be to find out how much these guys got out of that four trillion that they took out
of the economy and then they want to investigate and they say well no no no you shouldn't
investigate obviously it's moved forward but the biggest rate but a public was
taken four trillion dollars and then when when the democrats raised a few dollars like
Dean raised 40 million bucks and make a big deal out of Dean raised in 40 million dollars
when they took four trillion well maybe maybe a deal leave me in as well what do you think
that's what I thought we should all leave you know well there you go okay pali
in constant cousin brucey as for the people to be left in the will or something
no did he yeah I think if you had a thought if anybody left him in the will he could have
got a better hair piece you would have thought that thanks me I'll be have a great day pali happy
holidays see if you're good close friends at wqa and where it's so screwed up that even I
can't believe it I thought I knew something about this place I knew nothing until I like this morning
and then I'm emailing Joe Bell and I will say this he called me really fast and you know something
he was probably expecting an email with some kind of a message from me like a hostile phone call
because you knew you were going to come in at this morning Josh and say oh well guess what I'm
going to be off the show soon because you know everybody in the building is hiring me which is
great I'm happy for you deserve it thank you don't lose it all over the slots well yeah I'm so
addicted now hey listen I mean you put 40 bucks in there you know what what is that listen and I
got to tell you after now that you're making the big bucks you can go and get a good machine
mine you can be a serious player listen me I lost 40 but after I lost 10 I was bored with it yeah
but it's not for you I'll tell you where's a fantastic game it's called backgammon it's right if
you want to get on my space page and leave a message I've actually heard from Detroit in between
his golf games I'm actually he'll like email you up a storm although I'd be very worried about him
yeah start playing maja I'd be real nervous about Harry from Detroit because he wants to find some
young cute guy and use them and abuse him I don't think you're what he's looking for at least
he's not what you're looking for I'm sure that you're yeah you're definitely sure I'm right 12
minutes after 11 at 560 WQM we got the mad dog at two we got the power hour with the Humphur in
the mad dog at four Hank solo 5 to 7 and they'll be commiserating about how the dolphins suck and
you got hurricane hotlines mimie annual football award-back with at the Sheraton Mimey Mart hotel at
seven o'clock tonight for two hours and the beast on a 10 fall by one of the last 80k shows at 10
o'clock tonight 80k's final week and then and you know the guy called an ass and I wish I could give you
an answer nobody tells us anything just like Josh Cordis is going off the show which I have to
find out from him this morning before I go on the year and then have a half hour phone call with
our general mangler Joe Bell to try to go but a beep but a boop but a bout and have a great life
Joe LC you know who down needs this you know when you come right down to it and then he says to
me aren't you enjoying doing the show at all as if I said yeah I don't have any problem doing the
show but it's not my life for radio show this isn't my life if this is my life I do a Howard
beer right now blow my brains out on the air at least what he was threatening to and then they
did it for him and he never got that front of movie did you know I did I remember that did you
see the movie where that big rosy-grier guy like stood up and was that the great Ahmed Khan I could
up blue more he was that some other guy I don't remember was he wearing a hoosan choco that's the question
this ex-mus you don't want to offend anybody on your holiday gift list give them the new politically
correct non-denominational holiday record
who could possibly take issue with songs like these
yes we've taken the you know out of Christmas
make everybody happy get your copy of the non-denominational holiday record today
and have a happy film of life and be a sincere star baby it's 1119 at 560 wq and the calls
are spectacular the wine the dancing girls are special was that the Lonnie said in Vegas
something said who are the girls that's for you to find out give rid of him give rid of him remember
that give rid of him wq a m hello hello yes sir yes me on the warrior are you from here who is it
who's this who's this i'll call him for nail plays there okay speaking you're speaking to him sir you're
not really that to four three years i love you buddy yeah what am i best friends he has very soft
skin he's really cute what do you want all right all right whoo he's an old softy i think
is what he's trying to say 1138 votes under pull that was beautiful now the the people in my
space thing they're in their own world man they got their own little it's like a club and of
course uh Miguel decided it would be a lot's and lots i think it's really a positive for all
of your lives and not mine but yours well what's the benefit we derive from that is it like
create new listeners is it gets like a whole bunch of young living and breathing white goes out
there's an interaction thing it's just another way to promote yourself yeah i see five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty and they've arrived in singular a wireless life promote yourself
to walk like the mental institute like an archadia that's the place i couldn't think of last week
archadia that's where the funny farm is w-k-y-m hello maybe that's where we ought to send Maddie Bell
to the funny farm the funny farm because he's going to be need to go there at two o'clock when
when he has his chin down to his little cross his chin being down to his knees and very far drop
Maddie's about two feet tall so here we have this interdressing warfare going on between Greg
Reed and Maddie Bell over pound 96 and Joe Bell on QAIM as the people on the other side of the
building are trying to steal away our employees over here unheard of in the history of this
the moment in the history but certainly very unethical and extraordinarily unacceptable and poor Joe Bell
yeah he's like wine and about it and poor Joe you know he wants to be it'll have trying to help
you with your show i'm trying to do you well you're not having a very good effect Joe you're trying
like crazy but so far not that good oh right by the way Jacob we will find a make no mistake you
can continue running and hiding some people are experts at hiding you know but then all of a sudden
oh who's that holy crap you know i mean in fact i wouldn't be surprised if Miguel's knocking on
your door at about six thirty tonight going over for a little a party time action happy hour
wqaim hello a male this is Dave cartoon with channel seven news
how are you i'm okay okay we just saw Jacob on a Hollywood Boulevard with his hands down
oh the calls again you're happy and you're brownie how do you care about that wow five six seven
oh five six oh five six and five six and the Verizon singular wireless line wqaim hello
yes morning meal good morning as we approach the two week anniversary of your
i just sent it to show that you had regarding the uh will yes yeah it should have a vulnerable side
if you decide that you were really often shared with us uh huh let's go to the luckily for me very
really uh that stupid and very uh in that idiotic i wish i could this young fellow uh even you want
me to be so generous and give a good portion of your net worth to him still didn't want to be
better by you what's up with that i didn't want to be bedded by me yes that's correct i see well nobody
was interested in betting but maybe you would maybe you could just get it on yeah yeah do you just
give out money yeah uh huh smock see this is another reason that it was a stupid for me to know it wasn't
stupid i have no regrets are going on here and telling because it was the way i was feeling at the time
but ninety nine percent of the public out there they they don't believe that and especially in Florida
nobody is going to do anything for anybody else unless there's a sexual involvement there
unless you give it up you know right and the interesting part for this smock and everybody else is
that the other three people in my will i don't have any sex with them i don't have any desire to have
sex with them that's not the kind of friends they are and it's uh just the way it is okay that's
just me so call me very strange okay very strange five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
in the Verizon singular wireless line wdy q a m hello i'm divorced well congratulations what a
surprise that is what a shock wdy q a m hello you're good Jacob oh man i think you may have a
point eleven hundred and forty eight votes on the poll five six and i told you they were good josh
you believe me now actually there were some actual coherent conversations last Wednesday and Thursday
yeah i told George don't expect it happening at any time soon but you missed it that'll be
something for you to regret i already got a couple laughs today after when you depart the show
it'll be something for you like oh geez and i wasn't even there when the good calls came in that
one day you know or two days you missed out wq a m hello you're not strange you're clear yeah okay
you ferry oh by the way yesterday was the thirty th anniversary the 17th of December
my coming out of the closet on the air k a t and that's no that was a good thing for the
south floor audience because then it was a weapon you know it was always you first of last
call you know something for them to attack as if who the hell it gives a crap in graduation
on being gay right congratulations on being straight i'm not it wow out of control today man
out of control i must have the helium all the way up in that tube wow wq a m hello
yes sir turn that radio down sir i'm turning it down so listen to me i'm twenty three years old
Jacob right you and i was little my name is aerial right five six seven oh five six
that's what it's gonna be all day today none of them are gonna get on and it's gonna be a lot of
a lot of heavy duty reading they oh they're so good huh but they're so good now come on see
you're being a skeptic you don't believe me do you ask George next time you see him if you're
still around when he comes back what are you laughing about gonna be around man a little bit you're
gonna be around yeah great wq a m hello hello yeah all right what is this the radio station yeah hello
hello i'm sitting in my apartment in century village yeah i'm listening to you guys and it's so fun
yeah yeah good okay go don't go empty your bag okay sweetheart go up the sack five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty and they've arrived in singular wireless line wq a m hello
not there now now there was one of the better ones you left there it is it's pretty good i like that
the sounds of silence and not even a dial tone that was really special
eleven thirty two or five sisters you can hear me now can't you yes so far well i had a little
panic either because we had a couple of dropouts on our streaming man on our website i thought uh-oh
if well when in doubt that's gonna drop out not good wq a m hello q a m good afternoon
good evening could you tell me where i can find the best glory holes in the Hollywood area oh i
went ahead to highly a man i head to the jc pennies they do a little limbo rock in the
timber with jc pennies you'll have a lot of company five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty and they've arrived in singular wireless line i told you man there it's it's solidities
they're called for old glory wq a m hello q a m good morning is this my local meal yes sir how are you okay
all right i just want to call and tell you because i've been listening to all these uh
collars and everything uh i'd be to say it's very commendable of you for what you did a couple
of weeks ago on that show and i heard it and i had a first look very similar myself to get up in front
of thirty fifty people and tell them something very uh secretive so to speak that you wouldn't even
admit to yourself generally speaking yeah it's very commendable you should have felt good about it
and in spite of all these thick a holes out here to call and uh-rage and do this at the other
i just want you know there's one person out here to understand and thank you uh very big man
and good for yeah thanks a lot pal i have a great holiday you're welcome see i told you there
actually i mean not too many but there's one today so far and you're probably just ready to fall
off your seat not from that guy please you just pucker on his lips there kiss your ass
so when you're leaving the show five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and they've
arrived in singular wireless line yeah that's the thing that and i have no regrets about having
done that or did the show i did last Friday again where's like a sequel you know and it looks to
me like somebody is it taking themselves off our my space family we removed him on our end and
that looks like he's remote we're no longer his friend well no that that happens automatically
no no it just happened this morning trust me when i tell you okay you mean it happens automatically
on a delay like a week delay i don't think so well no now i just uh he just decided we're no
longer his friend and i don't think i can continue oh yeah i kick you out yeah that's okay now
i think maybe he just uh a little bit nervous that there are going to be people out there sending
hostile messages who are angry and and who the hell cares okay people that want to live their
lives playing games uh you know no have satisfactory relationships with other human beings but i
started to say in it and i knew for a fact when i said it when i did that show and i and be on the
and and and somebody's calls which they're just calling to bust my balls which i could care less
that that's all a lot of people can really relate to if you want to do something really
extraordinarily nice for somebody it must mean you want something from them usually you want
their body you want to dittle with them around whatever you think okay if that makes you happy
they're lucky w ke w a m hello kneel god yes sir
how did you uh i chitgin midsh coy to leave you alone so you could go back to making those
entertaining sound effects i'm doing whatever i want to do that so basically you know and i know
what the fcc rules are and the fcc doesn't have anything to do about farts sounds or any stuff
like that and joys can uh... rotten hells for as i'm concerned along with some
other people
and that was open you say that have a great holiday
you to
uh... that's for you joys
yeah that is another case where general manglary when he first came in all i
agree with you newland though she has no business and that's not the
it's silly in the i said it was on and then as soon as we are in play anything
you know like even uh... one of those is that all of you didn't understand i
didn't say go ahead and do it
and that's because joys was all over him like you better are clamped out on it
because joys wants us to fail
anything anything she can do to try to screw with this show in my life
she'll do it
so how do you work for people that are you know
help and i'm trying to like for every roadblock anyway possible
any answer is you can't any don't
wq i m hello
a people equal joys remember that
yeah
yes
not came
there's some profound words to live by senior thought there were a lot of great
calls coming in man
you've got a social about the show last a few months
i listen if i were you and somebody offered me the big bucks to go and uh... do
whatever you're gonna do i'd say hey like i said where do i sign that's all
that was that was my answer
it's not it's not what they did it's the way they did it it's very similar
to some of the situation i went through it's not what the other person did it
was the way he did it you know i'm saying there's a way to be like a bench you
know like it like to be uh... human say
g uh... that was very uh... generous or whatever but i can't accept and just
like with you you know
nothing personal i love working on the show especially when you'll send me
those checks in the mail
and by the way there's another guy is the uh... stuff for our website puts up
the stories as a fine job
say the thing that i find most interesting and amazing is it's kind of hard to
hit on anybody from long distance you know saying if i was going to hit on
somebody it would probably be somebody like within about a ten block radius
that's something that i could probably run real fast and maybe catch up to
that it you know i'm hello
marginal q a m hello
i put my sister's to question
i bet you did uh...
oh boy five six seven oh five hopefully she's using polo that this week okay
i think what he meant was he a sucker her false teeth in his bag is what he's
trying to say
how we do it on the votes for going to make uh... something today we're going to
make something
eleven hundred eight two votes were going to make potty is what we're going to make
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty i want to take a lot of calls
today just to prove a point to you and i don't know why you said that i just
was he kissed my ass what was wrong with that he was a nice guy
okay
you'd like him
we get a lot of ask his words i've heard that
as compared to the rest of the calls
today
i think there's been some uh... some chance today he was a stellar driller
make no mistake about it
wq a m hello
wq a m hello
q a m
q a m
can do it he could get the toothbrush out against
wq a m hello
could be
could be always and of course that was people going to do you know
to turn on your radio and it'll be like
i mean any case gone maybe we can have a espn radio from ten to two also
would be good i'd be a good radio booster
maybe could be
and then you won't feel so bad after having a lot maybe your timing has been
very propitious maybe you jumped off just before the titanic was on the way
down you know
wq a m hello
what flavor was jacobst he beg
wq a m hello
uncle bill
yes sir
man it's not the same with the radio and try to deal with these people
but i have nothing better to do with your eyes just a lot of things call the
world they could talk to you about and they want to make funny noises and sound
it killed me uncle meal
the first person to think that uh...
the republican somehow
drug this guy in the mistroke or am i just getting a little bit too often
they're a little a little bit uh... you know they'd rather than give a
stroke okay good luck to pali
let someone in the out
calling direct from our cadia
eleven eighty five votes on the poll
i think stroke was the opportunity for him but i was he he's one of those
serious people and he probably thinks that it was a very good call when you think
in his mind sure
i'll remember jab bush most four eleven hundred eighty five votes
helping his brother steal the two thousand election for one hundred and seventy six
his whole lot breaking family two oh nine interfering with
terry and her
tube
hundred twenty one the stupid f-cats seventy four overturning the voters on state
amendment seventy three
being a great guy only sixty three five point two percent pretty small taters
his fat ass thirty seven humongous his co-scooting prescription forging
daughter noelle thirty five the last noelle
opposing the slots twenty six i hate this poll only twenty one and a half percent
evenly cutting down those interest trees nineteen
being on TV whenever there was a hurry king another photo of your fat ass
governor nineteen and being a right wing goober as in gubernatorial fifteen
and i forgot to play that
the
this is the
roger sports radio five sixty
and
gulphine
presents rubble in the park
a lost vaguist i'll light heavy weight single elimination contenders tournaments
finalists will buy for the twenty five thousand dollar winners purse and take
possession of the i.v.a.s like heavy weight championship belt
the tournament begins Thursday number fourteen
first belt is seven thirty p.m. rubble in the park
the event that will define south Florida boxing history
live at golf dream park racing and casino
to its available on sale now at sick a master for more boxing and for long on a
golf dream park dot com
i could love to watch boobs and butch and biting
it
nine
five
today
everyone else is gonna
win
ivity
He has a golden spoon. He was born with a possess. So look out all you do. Get ready for the
gas. He's a talent as he has seen. Oh, he'll give our civil rights to where he was.
He's a talent as he's love of the LA.
Well, he's a very wealthy dude who's very fat. He's used to who never pays his dues.
My next year will all be screw.
He's a talent as he has seen.
And he's fuckin' with that race against buddy. But hey, why do you think they call it
good?
He's a talent as he has seen.
He'll make the KKK happy.
Yeah, he's a talent as he has seen.
Go, go, go, LA.
Come on, let's do step.
100 votes on the poll. We are kickin' some serious ass while Harry and D.C.O.D. is playing
backgammon. I still don't know what it is. It's a board game.
Hey, well listen, you could be the Tiger Woods of it. If you played it.
I could be the Tiger Woods of backgammon, baby. I could be kickin' some serious back
ass. You put you know no high five. I think I'll Google it during the break.
Or maybe you want to do that right now. I'll do it right now.
Now you don't have to go overboard because I know you're gonna be leading us.
You don't want to do anything absolutely that you don't have necessarily do.
Hey listen, don't knock yourself out. It's the holidays, okay?
I hope we need to be doing those stories anymore by the way, either.
Why is that? I can do those.
You should try to take that check.
Absolutely. I got news for you. You think I'm sending you a check?
After what you did to me with my space page?
I think that should be your punishment. You should have to do the...
As long as I'm still around, which may not be that much longer here,
you don't have to do the bedtime stories.
Now he already agreed to do that as long as I keep throwing him a check every now and then.
That's right.
Of course he knows. He knows I want something to return.
Oh, you know something. These people just... they just slay me.
And obviously they think that it's like, oh we're gonna really get him.
Yeah, right. Like I've only been doing this about a hundred years in this town.
Like I don't know the kind of sick venom that's...
You can smell it man. You can feel it.
As soon as you get... As soon as you walk through the jet weight of the airport
when you're flying to town, either remind me for a lot of nails.
You can smell it in the air.
Good old-fashioned hate, baby.
Wow.
This game looks really stupid.
Back in?
Yes.
Call up by Harry and Detroit. He'll tell you how.
In fact, he's got some games he probably wants to play with you.
I'm all set, Harry.
Has something to do with back, but I think it's...
I think it has to do with you being on your back.
Or maybe I don't know.
We'll find out. I'm sure Harry would be glad to pontificate.
You know, the one thing I will say about the Myspace page is it's amazing to me.
And of course, they realize that I'm not going to read any of it anyhow.
But the email stuff on there, there's almost none.
Other than people that want to apply to be a friend and anything.
And obviously you've had other things to do, so I put a whole bunch of people on there.
I don't even know who the hell they are.
It's exciting!
Yeah, I noticed that.
Did I put anybody wrong on there?
It would be impossible for me to tell.
What do you mean by that?
Well, I'd have to go through 860 people to find out who those 20 you put on there.
No, they're in order. They're in order.
They're in order.
They're in order.
They're in order.
They're in order.
They're in order.
They're in order.
They're in order.
They're in order.
They're in order.
They're in order.
They're in order.
They're in order.
They're in order.
They're in order.
They're in order.
They're in order.
They're in order.
Yeah, Matt's getting a little too friendly too.
And now you're okay, Matt.
He says, Castro's dead.
Matt looks like a human kind of guy.
He's like 25 and he's not a game player.
I don't think that's good.
And of course, like I said, that other one, the unmentionedable one.
Well, there are several unmentionedable ones out there in the video audience.
I wouldn't be surprised if they were like in contact.
But that little tiny picture, you know, the squat picture that's still down there
near the bottom of that page.
Okay, what do you mean?
Then we click it.
But when you click it, there's that diamond.
You know, what is that diamond supposed to represent?
You know, that's spinning diamond?
I'm sorry.
And there's the picture.
But it says, this profile has said the private view.
You're using must-end, you was a friend to see his or her profile.
Which I don't want to see it.
I don't want to know from it.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, what's the, uh, what's the desktop these days?
What's the wall paper these days?
Oh, I'm back to Brady Quinn.
Okay.
The one in the bathing suit with some chick on his side.
Although you can't, luckily for me, you don't really see that much error.
At least I think it's a chick.
Maybe it's a guy.
I don't know.
Somebody at the beach, and he's got a bathing suit on.
Unfortunately, not, you know, a speedo.
He's got like boxes shorts, very boring boxes shorts.
But there's like five Brady Quinn's on my desktop since you're so, you know, obviously, you know,
these are things that people keep track of.
That's right.
People care out there.
I know they do.
They care enough to send their Vary.
Who's got any QAM?
Hello.
Kater!
Like I said, they care about.
Who's got a QAM?
Hello.
Hey, I'm good news.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Okay.
I just wanted to give, uh, wish you a happy holidays.
I'm getting out of this god for staking place for, unfortunately, not one.
I'm just going to be a little longer and I'll just be a little weak.
But, and I want to wish all these idiots that think they're comedians, you know, just, I wish they'd all just go away.
I wish that all this died.
That's why I've always told you, for a hundred years, shop phone and these are people's friends playing.
And I don't blame you for, you know, I mean, the period that you didn't take calls, of course, was equally entertaining, you know, no matter what you do.
But these jackasses, I don't get it.
What do they do?
They just sit around on them to call you to try to be a clown.
Because they have no life, man.
It's considered the sources.
I have no life.
Yeah.
It's the typical, it's the cross-section of Bell Porter.
I cry every time I have to come back.
Okay.
I'm not going to cry, man.
Have a great holiday, pal.
Good luck to you.
You too, buddy.
Bye-bye.
Fice is a guy that doesn't like South Florida.
I can't imagine that.
What's to like, you know?
Haven't had any ladies today call and say happy Hanukkah, happy holidays or anything to come and celebrate with us?
Have we?
No, we haven't.
We had a couple last week, a few.
I mean, you know, nothing really, spectator.
Nothing, you all whipped up into a frenzy bubble. We had a few.
None of the good calls were ladies.
We had some excellent U.S. drawer.
Do you mark my words Wednesday and Thursday were stellar.
They were spectacular.
And then, of course, that was it.
I mean, that was the quota.
You know, they're just ain't no mole.
There's a few wonderful people there.
But that was it.
We heard from all of them at once.
Maybe they got together.
They had like a committee meeting, you know?
Like all this other stuff that happened to me last couple of weeks.
Maybe some people got together and decided,
wouldn't this be a great game to play?
Or, who knows what?
You know, who knows?
That's the thing that's most disturbing to me.
You know, what?
It's like that song.
What's it all about, Alfie?
What was it all about?
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
What was it all about?
Do you have any idea what it was all about?
No, I can't answer that.
Now, see to me, it was like all about going to lunch.
And then, of course, how going to lunch can degenerate into something that complicated?
And that the...
Go to lunch, George.
Go to lunch.
Will you go to lunch?
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
I mean, you know, that guy just called,
calling somebody a jackass.
Doesn't he understand that the colors are the ones that make the show?
Oh, yeah.
I'm like, you're, for example.
This is what I was talking about.
I met him and I saw him at the time.
I thought I let him go.
Okay, great.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10.
See, any of it's like that, really believe it.
That's what makes the show.
That's what I can interpret.
But all the success I've had these 30, almost 31 years in South Florida,
to the colors.
That's right.
Hitler, Hitler, hey!
How are those people?
Hi, Chambabh!
How about that one goes, you know?
Now, that one, he needs a rubber room bag.
He needs the...
They both do.
Yeah, together would be good.
And a very small room can find together.
I think they'd enjoy that.
Nice.
Since they seem to spend so much time intertwined.
And this is one of the amazing things that most of the ordinary,
maybe somewhat rational people out there who listen occasionally,
or a lot, they don't really believe this.
But the misfits, they find each other.
They find each other.
They seek each other out, and they have their little clubs.
You know, and they get together, and they have their little lunches.
It's what they do.
And it's not funny.
It's pathetic.
It's pathetic.
The groupie meetings, the group girl, baby.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
I don't know what you got.
He's brutal back now.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
I was an anger by Lord and Savior.
Okay, sir.
Hey, listen, you have that thing, W-Q-A-M,
I hate this way.
Running work here.
Could you just put down, like, endless loop from the hall of events?
I hate this place.
No, it's not.
Could you just put down, like, endless loop from the hall of events?
I hate this place.
No, it's not.
Thanks, pal.
The medication's on work.
I've been here for seven years.
Nothing works here.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
The medication's on work.
I've been here for seven years.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
The medication's on work.
I've been here for seven years.
Nothing works here.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
With medication's on work.
I've been here for seven years.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
I hate this place, Nothing works here, The medication is on work, I've been here for seven years
Nothing works here, I hate this place, Nothing works here, The medication's on work, I've been here for seven years
I hate this place, Nothing works here
The biggest name Oh Christmas
This is Leo Rogers
This is pretty quick. Whenever I shape my ball, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1-hour.
Okay, I, you're my little brother, so I had to show you how to celebrate the Hanukkah.
This is called a dreidel. You spin in the seaward man, and you sing this song.
I have a little dreidel, I made it out of clay, and when it's iron ready, with dreidel I shall play.
Oh, dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, I made you out of clay.
Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, with dreidel I shall play.
Now you try it. I just spin it with your fingers. What's this?
Pinky, pinky, pinky, yellow, pink, up the storm, like all the way.
Pink, came down the way, and was inspired out.
Hey, what the hell are you doing? Oh, hey, Carmen, we're playing dreidel. You want to try?
Sure.
Here's a little dreidel that's not in made of clay, but I'm not gonna play with it because dreidel's f***ing game.
Hey, sh**t you're not set up!
Sh**, they're super games.
Sh**, that's why they're little dreidel, dreidel, I made you out of clay.
They're super dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, I shall play.
That's why they're named. What's going on? Oh, it's that Hanukkah thing.
It's you amazing. He's spin this thing on the ground and it goes,
Man, I can watch it. Oh, dear, let me try it.
I'll try to make it spin. It fell, I'll try again.
Oh, dreidel, dreidel, I made you out of clay.
Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, we'll try it all right, so again.
Oh, dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, I made you out of clay.
Play super game, dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, I shall play.
That's why they're named. Oh, dreidel, dreidel, I made you out of clay.
Play super game, dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, I shall play.
Get right again. Hello, boys.
Hi, Mom. I'm Hope's Russia.
You boys are all playing dreidel now.
You know that dreidel is a time on a tradition,
and he's from people. Yes, we know this better.
He thinks you're very interesting.
Now, when you are, to make the dreidel spin,
you're my, I'll give a hallways when kids spin and fall.
You can't enjoy the dreidel spin.
You can't give me doors. I'll give a hallways when kids spin and fall.
That's why they're named. Oh, hi, Dad. Hello, everybody.
Say, can I join in? Yes.
I have a little dreidel. I made it out of clay.
And when it's trying ready with dreidel, I shall everybody play.
Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, I made you out of clay.
Play super game, dreidel, dreidel, I shall play.
That's why they're named. Oh, dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, I said.
Don't get away from something.
Courtney, cuss, I love you.
You're so hot on that show.
Dad?
Courtney, cuss, dad.
We're singing about a dreidel.
Oh, sorry.
We'll talk about what you later, Joe.
Now, hold on, I'll get away from you.
I'll give a hallways when kids spin and fall.
I'll give a hallways when kids spin and fall.
I'll give a hallways when kids spin and fall.
I'll give a hallways when kids spin and fall.
I'll give a hallways when kids spin and fall.
Yeah!
Title three at five, 60.
We had 238 votes on a week before Christmas day.
That's powerful, man.
That is really...
See, one thing about you is you're easily impressed.
As opposed to George, because George is so depressed with his life,
you know, being a prisoner of his own circumstances,
that nothing impresses him.
That's like a life space.
We have four life spaces.
How many of you are pardon?
That's just my space, quote, victim of circumstance.
Is it really?
Yeah.
Well, you know, if you're on my space, you are already a victim of circumstance.
Boy, I'm not saying that there aren't a lot of really nice people on there,
because there are obviously a lot of our listeners on there.
We love each and every one, some more than others.
But there's some real...
There's burottos on there, too, you know,
like these messages from me.
I'm not going to play back in, and here I'm sorry.
Okay, I'm not interested in back in, or Tiger Woods, or golf,
and I'm not lonely, and go find a life.
Okay, here we go.
I have no life.
So I was in Detroit, I'd be saying the same thing.
Like, give me out of here.
That's the first thing I would be saying.
What a horrible place.
Don't go there, by the way.
Either one of you ever been in Detroit?
No.
No.
Don't.
Good taking.
5, 6, 7.
Come on, let's get these phones cranked, baby.
I know it's Hanukkah in a week before Christmas, but my God.
There's so many heavy-duty issues for us to deal with it.
Right.
Like Neil's retirement, which I think I wouldn't plan too far into the new year, you know,
for management, I just, after that call I had with Joe Bell this morning.
He just, yeah, he's a good guy, but they, you know, they just want to hold on to this old
mucow, meaning me.
He's just too long, you know.
You can only milk a cow so long, and then just kind of like runs dry, you know what I'm saying?
That's not milking you yet, Mr.
Yeah, well, they're still trying.
I'll take it that.
Oh, yeah, well, we'd like that if you work until you're croaked.
Yeah, that's his line.
That would be good.
5667 promoted in advance of that guy, I can cover my funeral.
56670560, pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line on a singularly great Monday, December
18, a day that will live in infamy.
We haven't figured out why yet.
Although we got to some people on the case, man, they're looking up some really important information
for me today, and it could be a real fly opener for some people out there.
It could be a real barn burner.
You know what I mean?
Right, right.
Needed to why.
WDQIN, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, thanks for having me to your Myspace page.
Yes.
I'm the high-equality guy.
Yeah.
I've done.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
566705, that's a Fat Boy's neighbor who's not on the mic.
Maybe he's on the Myspace.
What do you know?
Who knows?
Who knows and who cares?
That's a good place for you.
Maybe a desk broader like you can find us some companionship on her beside Fat Boy.
Okay?
Who now wants to go out to lunch with him anyway, be, and all the food, everything on the table,
and the table next to him.
I told him there's stories about that place in East Lansing when I was in Michigan State,
a place called Coral Gebbles of all things.
There's a pizza joint, good food, and in fact, Coral Gebbles in East Lansing, I think,
at that time, sold more bottle of beer on a daily basis than any other joint in the entire country.
How do you like that?
College for you.
That's right.
That's MSU for you, baby.
And we'd go in there, you know, like on a weekend night, we'd go in there and get a couple of pizzas,
and while we're standing and waiting to get seated, because it was always mobbed,
there'd be people who'd leave like a few crusts on the tray, you know, on the pizza tray,
and we would eat the leftovers from other tables.
I'm not scared, I'm going.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Sick, innit?
Yeah, that's true.
Hey, listen, more college, man.
They get a lot of mystered brow.
You know, you do all sorts of irrational things.
Well, I sure wish I had those days to live over again.
I'll say that right now.
Although when I was in college, when I was in Michigan State to be very honest with it,
maybe I, maybe they didn't bother telling me.
Maybe I was in the ugly dorm, and they just didn't bother telling me that,
because it sure seemed that way.
And I'm like, all the other kids in my dorm were really ugly.
Which made me feel better about myself, I guess.
What, what do you think that is?
I couldn't tell you.
Yeah.
Now, maybe it's just as well, you know it, because you know me being a sucker for a pretty face,
and then all of a sudden you get involved in some kind of a big emotional thing,
you know, and, oh, he's a faggot.
Yeah, I like that, you know.
That would have been problem.
That college, like you had a couple weeks ago.
But you, Pern.
Said you would have had those emotional problems in college, who wants that?
That, that's correct.
Not not good.
Not good.
Don't let other people play with your heart, man.
Play with your heartstrings.
Play with like a harp, like a fiddle, like a cheap old fiddle, baby.
Just when a dog throw them out of this scar, them.
Just like we discarded that one individual, he discarded us right back on that,
that my space, and that's good.
That's called this for that, or something like that.
How is it?
Yeah, you know how it goes.
That's how the QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I have an hair conditioner.
Wow, what exactly happened on my street?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Go away, go away, go away.
These people on and on.
Nothing happened on my space.
It's a wonderful place.
Go on there.
Do a little dill in a round.
Maybe you'll get lucky to find some chikki on there.
Some slub from a trailer park.
Who knows what you'll find?
Sweet.
Yeah.
Some sweet chikki from a trailer park.
It'll be neat and sweet and the real treat.
And your life will be beat to a bloody pulp.
From 181, 1251, we're going to have 1300 by 1 o'clock by 1300,
which means we can probably do 1400 day on the day before on a week before Christmas.
They're going to be writing about this in the freaking weekly reader.
Man, all your kids out there, there's no Santa Claus,
and old ukulele is going to have like 1400 votes on a week before Christmas,
right in the middle of Chinooka, no less.
Are the kids in school now or they out?
They got to be out.
Yeah, they should be out.
They should be out because it's a Goyish and Goyish and the Chondis.
They're on Thursday, I believe it is.
Why don't you go to college?
I don't know about anything.
Colleges are out.
Well, when it does.
Maybe I can go back to East Jawahaw and East Lansing.
Maybe they got some better looking guys in there now.
God.
We had the other guy's collection of goofballs in there.
And like I said, probably just as well.
You know, WDQYM, hello.
QYM.
How long, Neil?
Yeah.
I'm a gambling degenerate, and I need to know,
is Eddie Cade going to stay?
Haven't heard a word, man.
Listen to Night to Eddie.
It probably gives me the odds on whether he's staying or leaving.
I think the odds in my staying or leaving get the slimmer by the minute.
Although I think he'll be going before I do.
I don't know.
They have about to tell us what happened about their lunch on Friday.
And of course, Joe Bell and Norma Kent and yours truly, we have been to Joyce.
We have bigger issues to deal with.
Bigger fish to fry.
Like this Josh Curtis incident, like this whole, the whole episode of Neil Rogers Show on QYM.
It's been a rocky nine years.
I'll tell you that.
And whatever success we've had on this radio station has been not thanks to the
help and assistance and promotion and cooperation in spite of them.
You know, for a fat old queen, I'll tell you one thing.
I've sure jumped over a lot of hurdles, man.
I feel like I ought to be in the Olympics.
You know what I'm saying?
With that gold medal.
Jumped over a lot of obstacles thrown in our path.
As he passed himself on the fat back once again.
It's easy.
You know, when you're slumped over in the chair like that, you're just patting on my back.
Good job.
Well done, old man.
Thank you so much.
From in this past note, a QYM, don't forget we have the mad dog at two.
As he'll commiserate, I'm sure with you about the fact that the dolphins really suck.
The biggest name, the best down-to-earth is the Roger.
And then he is a dog.
O!
Absolutely.
Britney, sorry, crutch.
Britney, sorry, crutch.
Britney, sorry, crutch.
With some of both the love you're honey pot.
Britney, sorry, crutch.
Britney, sorry, crutch.
Britney, sorry, crutch.
And send us all the camo-toe you got.
I really wish you were paired with Christmas.
So you don't look like a trampist, Christmas.
I hope you're playing wearing pants with Christmas when you're trying to get like that far.
From 16 at 560, we got 267 votes on a poll.
We'll get way over 1,300 by one.
No sweat, right?
Ain't no bang.
Which means we got 14-hour to lick, man.
We're licking it today.
We're getting our licks on Route 66.
An offensive phone outburst by the editor who backed OJ Simpson's canceled book, If I Did It.
May have been the final straw which led to a fire in the Rupert Murder on Friday, sources tell the LA Times.
For weeks, publisher Judith Reagan had been in trouble with higher ups over the debacle
of the cancel load of the Simpson book and TV deal Josh Getland and Sally Hoffmeister, right?
But her firing swiftly followed a Friday afternoon phone call from her LA office to a Harper Collins attorney
that included comments that were characterized as offensive to having placed corporate sources
said over the weekend.
Reagan also had come under fire for a forthcoming fictional re-imaging of Mickey Mantle's life
that has drawn advanced criticism for its salacious content.
A high-level source tells the paper that the last straw, however, came Friday afternoon
when Reagan working in a office in Los Angeles blew up on the phone at the lawyer from Harper Collins in the U.R.
who had been helping the publisher handle problems with the Mantle book and said she was dismissed for cause
shortly after that phone call.
I bet you Joyce made her contract.
She had a surly phone call.
You're fired!
I bet you Joyce made up that deal.
Remember those days?
Mm-hmm.
Those being the negotiation days.
Oh, everybody's going to sign this Joyce contract and if you criticize the teens or the owners
or if you fight the wrong flavor or anything else like that, we're going to, uh, you're fired.
Not that workout.
Nobody signed that.
Right.
A Vanity Fair article from 2005 on potty mouth editor Judith Reagan's success suggested that she probably had more
public roles with authors than any other publisher.
She lam-based in Madonna for assuming what she claimed was her idea for a book on erotica.
She spanked Monica Lewinsky in the gossip columns, implying that Lewinsky was stringing her long on an offer to buy her
tell all books.
Judith Newman wrote.
Marla Maples was another target of her venom.
Reagan canceled her memoir and she famously futed with respected authors Peter Manson and Ellen Hawks over their
ultimately unpublished Margo Hemingway biography.
Oh, I got to read that.
Not.
The 2005 profile which Reagan declined to be interviewed for noted that while she professes no personal right wing leanings,
close friends roll their eyes.
She's to the right of Genghis Khan says one.
She's endeared herself to Harper-Collins owner Rupert Murdoch where there's successful publishing of right wing
such as Robert Bork and Sean Hannity and Tough Guys such as former New York City Police Commissioner Bernie Kerrick and Iraq War
on Major Domo General Tommy Franks.
I wonder if he's kind of Barney Fag.
But she goes with a money in interest are which means she's also published Michael Moore left leaning Alan Comes and startingly right before the election.
Glenn W. Smith's unfit commander Texans for Truth take on George W. Bush.
In late 2004 the New York Daily News reported that Kerrick had engaged an extramarital affair with Reagan which according to published rumors
included daytime trists and an apartment reserved for tired ground zero workers which we all remember that very very well.
The Tommalsh's Reagan-Karachromance carried on for months though through the writing publication and promotion of his autobiography The Lost Sun,
a life and pursuit of justice which Reagan's company published.
It was an accumulation of her behavior.
Some of those executives who spoke on Condistiman and the minute because of the legal sensitivity of the issue.
The two news corp in Siderson Reagan was not held entirely responsible for the O.J. embarrassment because the project had been
inside off by senior management but they ended up the double whammy of the O.J. and sitting closely followed by a wave of negative publicity about the Mandel book,
schedule for publication in March 1.
Put her career at the company on thin ice, thin ice baby like those panthers are skating on most of the time.
Like they will at the air candidate center here tomorrow night and Gellie still hasn't called to take me to lunch.
Well a lot of people turn me down for lunch these days you know.
I feel really bad.
Not.
From 169 votes.
But you know on Friday I read that that's right you weren't there Friday, Jeff.
No I wasn't.
I read my farewell email on the very cost of Converria, a hostile and very angry.
See what happens when somebody plays with your emotions and doodles with you.
First you get emotional and then you get angry.
Well I mean at least with me I don't know about you about anybody else.
You get angry.
Like why did you do this?
What was this all about?
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
So I really want to like inflict punishment.
Why does one person who barely knows somebody else especially somebody that they admired allegedly?
Why would they want to inflict a source on that person?
I don't get it.
Because they can.
And when you let them know.
See and then the obvious question with that one is why did he come back the first time?
You know after that famous Thursday show.
Why did he resurface with those emails the first time?
You see what's his name's on here?
Yeah because I was talking about him and because him and all his buddies are, oh gee!
He else is all IA's.
I mean what was that all about?
But at any rate.
So I sorry I read a hostile farewell.
And I thought that was the end of it but then I started getting more angry you know.
So a couple more.
I had a couple of phone calls made.
And it's just you know it's running hide running hide just like he's doing now in a my space.
Then which is good.
Go away and just just rude the day.
Okay that you decided to like a little with my life.
Just go away.
Don't have to go away man.
Just leave.
278 votes on the pool about your fat ass governor Jim Bush.
Won't it be something when we officially have our first gate that we know of anyway?
That'd be great.
Here's another story from a girl.
See I figured you might be working today.
Now you're working all week do we know or not?
No just today.
Just today?
Yes.
Who's on the right of the week?
I presume Chris.
Chris Whale and I believe.
Well what do you mean you presume Chris?
He seems like a decent guy.
Yes he is.
And he said that he didn't say much.
He's like you he shut up.
Yeah.
I asked him one thing and he like responded which is amazing.
Well you know it would be nice if they would tell us these things.
But again management is dealing with this show and I've been doing this a long time.
Okay.
And you can get the feeling it's fight of whatever Joe Bell says that there are people in the organization
including Joyce Fitz and others who would just love for this show to disappear.
You know saving a lot of money.
Of course we've cost a lot of money too.
Because this has been the show for nine years it's got the big numbers on there and brings in the big bucks et cetera.
And it's like a maggot a maggot magnet.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Just listen to those calls that you tell you to say maggot magnet.
Eric Argollis.
You have an anniversary coming up in a week or so right here?
No I'm the 30th.
30th, 30th, 30th.
I'm 30 man.
I mean nine years.
I'm QA in my December 30th.
What's that?
Why did it hit that?
That wasn't what I wanted to hit.
Well that's a new cue.
Look at that.
Let's let's play it a few times.
That's what I was looking for.
Sorry Robert you quiz like there's another good reason to get out of this place.
Wow.
Clarence and all his little boyfriends.
You know I just uh Joe Joe means well but he's he's uh kind of like a lost child you know.
Like out in the middle of the desert without a compass in a road man.
I'll tell you one thing you know out in the middle of the desert is a good place to hide.
You know when you got people looking for you.
That's a great place to hide.
Stop and think about that for a minute huh?
Eric my Margollis who writes in the Toronto son.
Cubans deserve better and I'm sure McGill would agree.
See see this.
No.
Here in the world second largest Cuban city the fiercely anti-castor Cuban ex-occupied community
is straining its collective ears to catch the last dying gasps of their islands
hidden maximum leader Fidel Castro.
I wonder what city that could be.
I don't think it could be Miami do you?
Uh huh.
The death last week of Calv Chili's former dictator in general Augusto Pineshi
leaves the gravely ill casters line America's last surviving Cold War dinosaur.
The much demonized peanut share left chili with a democratic government
and Latin America's most vibrant economy.
Castro aided by contrast will lead behind a dreary thread bear totalitarian state.
Castro is hospitalized and overpowered with brother Raul 75.
But as I reported on my last trip to a van erich says there will probably be no major political changes
in Cuba till Fidel leaves the scene.
I think he's bad.
His Cuba's national father figure who it's by the many mistakes in severe repression
is still regarded with deep affection and pride by many of his people.
But as much as many may admire Fidel's a macho leader who stood up to the Yankee Gringo
as after a century or a century of bullying and exploitation
and had brought them high standards of medicine and education,
we can also recall that Castro had a darker side.
Recently opened KGB thousands statements by former high Soviet officials have revealed
that during the 1962 Cuban missile crisis, Castro begged Soviet leader Nikita Krushchev
to launch nuclear armed missiles against the USA.
The Kremlin wisely refused Castro's crazy request.
That bearded bastard role.
He's bad.
KGB archives also document extensive Soviet intelligence links
with and support for Chile's late Marxist president Salvador Ayerndi
who was overthrown by General Pinochet.
The Soviet's plan to turn Marxist Chile into a second Cuba
and maybe a rusty Marxist relic
what is important to recall that Cuba has always been the most advanced, sophisticated,
and cultured nation in the West Indies.
Havana is older than New York City.
I still vividly recall glittering pre-caster Havana
and sitting in his famed Florida-Hita bar with my parents and Ernest Hemingway
who had scrapped a book to me.
To Eric the painter of an in 1952, he said I like drawing in those days.
He was an artista.
In recent weeks, rebel castors offered to open talks with Washington
which has kept Cuba under a punishing embargo since the 1950s.
Washington should seize this opportunity to win its early death sanctions
regime that's bankrupted Cuba and move to normalize relations.
Raul should immediately begin releasing all of Cuba's political prisoners
and stop arresting citizens of call for democracy and free speech.
Ottawa has long maintained fruitful relations with Cuba,
though it is pussyfooted around cancer as human rights violations.
Canada can help open doors and have anifer Washington,
engagement with Cuba's urgent.
Fidel's death may set off internal power struggles in Cuba's security forces
and military or ignite social turmoil.
A small army of Miami Cubans is ready to descend on the former homeland
among the numerous wealthy men who see themselves as Cuban-necked leaders,
not necessarily democratic ones.
Cuba's long-suffering people deserve to escape poverty and totalitarian rule,
but they also need to retain the dignity and social advances they achieved
under Castor's regime as sole accomplishment in the half a century.
It would be a serious mistake for Washington to treat pre-caster Cuba
like just another banana republic.
Or for the US to try to breastly impose its dictates on prickly Cubans.
Unfortunately, the Bush-Tainian administration is so far rebuttable Castor's overtures,
Miami's large noisy Cuban community votes mostly Republican
and his dead-set against political engagement with Cuba until the Castor's are gone.
Just as Ronald Reagan famously called for the hated Berlin wall to be torn down,
it's now time for another ugly Cold War relic,
the US embargo of Cuba to be scrapped.
Whereas Eric Marko, the President of Toronto, son, absolutely Eric.
Let's see what this very important facts is here.
Oh, not so important.
Oh, about British cross. Oh, please, middle of lunch are you doing this to me?
El Paso, 1288 on the pole. What, I tell ya?
We got 14 hundred relic today. You can bet your life on it.
Now, does anybody going to tell you whether it's any cases the last week
or if he's going to like hang around to some other stuff or if we don't know?
I'm sure they're on their way in to tell us.
Yeah, I keep your IP off of that door, baby.
It's going to swing any minute.
Should we open? Yeah.
Especially if it's Maddie Bell.
I'm Maddie. There's another one for you.
He's a magic 27 past noon at QAM.
Absolutely.
It's been rough on my internship that your ratings are dying and how?
Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass and I was to your end-how.
You have thought you could fight somebody good enough to fill my pecky pants?
Are you lazy?
There ain't no chance I'll ever be coming back.
Outside of considering a lucrative big contract.
If you want to know what it'll save you from shutting that transmitted to clowns,
then why is that easy?
Sure.
I think your own dream plot has only got you today.
That's it, my ratings have bottomed out in this game.
Which video has a rebounding score with the day in Civil Wars?
And we did laugh.
As you need us now, as we get ahead of you,
hold your knees in the snow,
bend them all in the trees,
hold your knees in the show,
bend them all in the trees.
Hold my hand.
You can't hold me,
you can't give me this.
You're gonna go fire me?
I got a great idea.
I know who they stick right in.
They can plug right in this 10-2 slot.
There you go.
What do you think?
Get them back from 8-50.
All right.
About 8-50 weeks.
This was a decimal point in it.
Now, as much as the big box you're gonna be making once you move over there to the QA and website
or power 96 or whatever,
whichever one you decide.
See now you can play one against the other, you know?
I'm tired of that, man.
I'm tired of being like a human yo-yo.
I say I feel the same way.
Oh, you know something?
Just during this last break.
I said he were evaluating my life.
I got a really good short piece of mail here on our MySpace.
There have been some of you messages on there.
Nothing worth shaking.
I think you like the MySpace secretly.
What do you mean by that?
You know your messages?
No, I don't mind hearing from the audience.
It gives you the option.
You can respond, which in the first case,
of course you're not to be a bad mistake.
We'll see.
I got something to say about that in a second.
But in this case,
it's just like Harry from Detroit there with his lecture.
That pissed me off Saturday morning.
I really did.
You know, like, wow, I know you're very lonely.
You know nothing.
It's a radio show.
Jesus, I'm lonely since when?
That's news to me.
And you know, one thing I always used to say,
even before I had anybody living with me in my house down there,
I enjoy my own company.
Now that sounds maybe arrogant or regent-sister-go-maybe sounds stupid.
You know what I mean by that?
I know a lot of people like that.
A lot of people.
I enjoy my own time to myself.
And I find things to do in places to go and people to meet and greet and whatever.
And I'm one of those people that needs to be.
There are some people that I've known some of these folks who need to be surrounded
by a whole bunch of people all the time because they're very insecure, you know?
Well, listen, if you ever don't like your company, pick up backgammon or golf, you know?
No, that's a good idea.
I could probably contact Harry in Detroit while he's cruising for some hot young cute guys.
And in between, he could probably send me some tips on backgammon.
Haven't heard from Harry today.
Maybe he hasn't had a chance to listen in Detroit.
Maybe he's lost out there under a jam-odged expressway or the Edselford or whatever.
I'll tell you one thing.
The only thing I miss from Detroit was the Dick Pertons show.
There was a great broadcast to Dick Pertons.
I missed the 60s cruising on the expressway in Detroit, driving like a bad...
That's back when the speed limit was 70.
We all be going 90 and we'd be passing the cops like they were standing still and they didn't care.
Anyway, this is a short piece of mail.
Bread, V-R-E-D of T.
Now, if that's out of my sight, that's the lower end.
We know bread.
Bread's a good guy.
He calls the show all the time.
What does that mean?
Bread of T.
Maybe of the Groundhogs?
Because it's like a group.
Oh.
He's a musician.
Well, that's what I figured.
He's a musical guy.
He looks a little musical and he looks just stoned off his ass.
So I figured he's a musician or one of our listeners.
Yeah.
He says, thanks for the years, Near.
You corrected my brain in a good way.
Don't let other people decide your outcome.
Do what the F you want to do.
Excellent, bread.
Thanks a lot, sweetheart.
There's a good guy, see?
It's a great guy.
He's sent us movies before, calls, and all the time.
And the other option you have about the MySpaceF is you can read it and you can either delete it right away.
Which of course I know I've been deleted a lot lately.
Which is fine.
You know something?
Or you can like respond if it's somebody you feel you want to like.
Like with Harry and Detroit.
You know?
He pissed me off.
And so I responded to him.
And then I come back and he sends me another message and has nothing to do with what I wrote.
I've discovered that with a lot of people.
You know, people you really have nothing in common with.
Like my close personal buddy that I had all this source with.
You email and you either ask a question or you make a comment.
And they respond with stuff like about their fantasy football life.
Or something that has nothing to do with what you just wrote or asked.
Do you understand?
It seemed to be avoiding the question.
Now it's easy to do that online, which is why some of these people prefer emailing as opposed to like a phone call or face to face.
Because when you have a phone call conversation like we're having now.
If somebody isn't responsive to the question, you say, yeah, but what about what I just asked you?
You know, what about the end?
And of course it's much more difficult to be evasive.
Oh, what?
Just like that.
That's right.
But some people are naturally evasive.
And I keep saying, well, you know, my final thought on this, my final thought will be final when it's finally.
You know?
I mean, what do I need to apologize for?
But maybe I owe Jacob a thanks in a very bizarre, masochistic way again.
Because he opened up my eyes to a whole different aspect of my existence here.
You know, like, I'm just coming in here. I shuffle in here in the morning every day and I go through this and the big fat paycheck show up a couple days early now thanks to Joe.
And that's nice.
But I'm 64 years old, man.
That's old.
I remember I used to talk about the old people. Now I'm one of them, you know?
I'm a year away from Social Security.
Maybe I'm less than a year.
I'm like less than 11 months away from Social Security.
Is it still only 65?
We didn't push that back yet?
No, not yet.
I better hurry up and get there.
So even though it wasn't the intent of this individual, like, you know, add anything, who knows what the intent was.
And that's the thing that's frustrating.
What the hell kind of game was this all about?
You know, that you dragged my life and my existence through for two of the most excruciating, agonizing.
I mean, I'm crying my eyes out like a baby over somebody I don't even know.
And these idiots in the audience are thinking, oh boy, he sure must have the hot for that.
Yeah, serious. Get a life.
Get serious.
Man, I mean, if Brady Quinn turned me down for once, then I'd be upset, you know, different category.
So maybe it just made me in a kind of a strange way.
It like triggered off something in my mind.
And especially with all this going on between Joyce and Joel Bell and Greg Reed being back in the picture there.
I'm sure Greg would just love.
Just love for me to say, hey, guess what? It's my last show on Friday. I'll see you.
Do you think he would love that?
I don't know, because that would probably go a long way to help and Joel fall flat on his face.
And that's what Greg would love. I mean, can I see if you got me out of there and look what Joel Bell did at QIM.
All you beastly bozos.
So Greg, that's great.
That's great.
You're a disaster on two legs, Greg. There's no question about it.
And of course, as far as Miguel is concerned, keep one thing in mind.
Greg, hey, chill.
Yeah.
Not in a lie. I think it's because you spur in Doreen all those months.
Remember Doreen, the queen?
I wonder if Doreen and what's the guy's name? Barbara Star and Hank.
You ever see the three of them together?
Why does George always pick on poor Humper and say every time Barbara stars on CNN?
Oh, that's Hank. Hank is on now and see how.
What does he do that?
I don't know.
That's George.
Injurge has done a wonderful job, but guess what? I'm not leaving him in my will.
Well, what if I left him like a hundred grand? How's that?
He'll take you.
I think he'd be pretty happy. Yeah.
You think?
Yeah.
Well, it would be an extra. I think I can arrange that.
Listen, you just go ahead and leave me.
Have that. I'll be happy.
Yes!
Hey, I'll take half of that.
Oh, it's good.
When are you leaving?
The biggest name of Buster!
This is Neil Rogers.
I just die.
96 miles across the sea.
Oh, correct.
Like two of his empty beaches of Miami.
That's all it takes to reach it.
Save the town, the man to skate plans.
To skate plans, to skate plans.
Shoot the way the rat that was on our head.
Now we have to use toilet paper instead.
Escape the new Miami.
Next target of a pack.
Our tropical paradise loaded with that.
The people were out there.
I don't mind.
They're serving us eyes to me.
And the rain.
But we really rather drink our tea.
Slash of youth, broke ten seas of both.
Pointed towards Miami and off we go.
To where the angry humans slaughter their ghosts.
Send a tag, a tag, a tag, a tag.
That's our plan, the skate plan, the skate plan.
The plan is our plan, the skate plan.
1246 is 560.
30 QAM, Mad Dog coming up into a clock clock.
And then the power hour, watch it.
And then the power hour, four to five.
I'm getting the very important facts off the machine right now.
Not a facts, but I think I'm printing out.
Okay.
And what's about?
No, I don't.
Back end is a game of luck and skill.
Oh boy.
Is that exciting or what?
You don't want to boggle your mind anymore.
It is played by two people with 15 checkers on it.
15 checkers each on a board consisting of 24 spaces or points.
This is for Harry from Detroit.
There wants to be an equit sit in there in front of the slot machines,
mine, and take a backgammon and be true my golf outings with a tiger.
The checkers then move according to the rules of the dice.
Each player tries to bring his own checkers home and bear them off before his opponent does.
Hitting and blocking the enemy checkers along the way.
What does that mean, bear them off?
You tell me.
Huh?
We've never played.
Backgammon has been around a long time with origins dating back possibly 5,000 years.
The ancient Greece play, that must be why Harry's into it.
He likes that whole Greek scene.
So did the Romans.
Last, the game we know today was we find in England in the 17th century,
which is also what it acquired, the name backgammon.
What's the significant innovation of the 20th century was the addition of the Dublin cube in the 1920s.
Oh, I love that Dublin cube man.
Rhymes with cube.
Why don't I make the rest of this stuff didn't print out?
It didn't.
I got a blank sheets.
What will we do?
I feel like David Duke.
I got a whole bunch of blank sheets.
However, however, I can back it up here on my computer and I can read it right off the thing here.
Backgammon enjoyed a huge renaissance in the 1970s.
Then again, in the 1990s with the popularity of the internet.
Today you can still play online any time of day or night with people from all over the world.
I bet you Harry's on there waiting to play backgammon with you.
You think?
Oh yeah, no doubt.
And then it says, played backgammon for free on our sponsor's site.
And then I'm about to click on the link and then it's got the rules of the game.
Look at that.
Nice looking board there.
Oh, I think I've seen those boards.
I never knew what that was.
In fact, I was bored just looking at click to play backgammon.
Should I click it?
Go for it man.
Look at that.
Now you're going to be more excited about this when you hear this.
Backgammon tournaments 50 grand.
Oh, 50 G's won.
Click to play backgammon.
I clicked it and look at that.
Oh no, cancel.
I don't want to download all the instructions and all this.
Oh brother.
Pretty complicated, pretty heavy duty if I say so myself.
1328 votes on a pool.
It's not even close to one o'clock yet.
It's 11 before one.
This is a day.
I think this is turnaround day.
And as far as the future of the show and my life and all this other stuff, you know, really when you come right down to it.
And I've got my good friend here in Toronto, who's in my building.
Who's a great guy.
He, he's been my counselor.
I know charge counselor.
We have for this last few days.
Now seriously, he's, he's the one that said to me, you know, enjoy your life.
And instead of leaving somebody that you don't even know a million dollars in your will, why not take that money, that part of your money.
And just blow it.
Have a good time.
Enjoy it.
Do stuff for yourself, you know.
Like George says, let's be more selfish in the new year.
Yeah.
And I think he had a really good point.
I think it did too.
Instead of like trying to be kind and nice.
I mean, well, what am I going to prove?
Am I going to prove a point?
No.
Am I going to prove a point that I'm going to croak and leave a whole bunch of money to somebody that's a, an evasive game player.
It's like playing on my emotions and playing me like a fiddle.
It's playing hide and seek.
Like a turtle, man.
He's like a turtle.
Of course, George can relate to the turtle part, but that's another story.
But what I was getting to is, I mean, who do you really talk to?
In other words, when you say to yourself, I'm going to think about what I'm going to do.
You know what I mean?
How do you think about it?
Well, what do you do?
You sit off in a corner somewhere and you're like, you know, stare at your navel in the mirror.
I mean, what do you, what's there to think?
You brought on what I'm saying?
Yeah, I mean, the thoughts up to you if you're going to talk to people about it.
I guess you just talked to your friends.
I don't want to talk to them about it.
Well, then you stare at your navel.
Is that it?
That's it.
Not a pretty sight.
I'll tell you that.
Well, if I turn around right now, there's a mirror in the sliding glass doors and a closet behind me.
Well, there's a big closet.
Maybe I'll wheel right back into it.
Since yesterday was my 30th anniversary coming out of the closet on KAT,
which I'm sure are some of the people out there, remember that?
And I sure have no regrets about that.
All you closet queens out there, all you silly, sintering coward.
See, one thing I'm not crazy about is people who are coward.
See, one thing about people that are running high, you know, that hide and seek.
They're not like Greg used to do.
You know, like not answering people's phone calls, Greg Reed.
Coward.
Like when I did the first show since we're coming up to that ninth anniversary on December 30th,
the first show on his station.
And he had played fast and loose with our contract and,
oh, maybe we're going to not have a studio ready.
I remember the conversation I said to whoever I'm,
I think he had a duck call me because that's what he always used to do.
He didn't have the balls to call to himself.
So we had a duck call you.
And the duck call to tell me, well, Greg's not really sure the studio is going to be ready by December 30th.
I said at that point.
Here's the message you can take back to Greg, Duff.
The message is either QAM or someplace else.
Some other station will have a studio on December 30th and I'll be on the ear there.
And guess what? They had already.
But took it right down to the last, I mean, the last minute is all night long.
Corsa was working his ass off and equipment was coming in by a FedEx and UPS and like,
oh, just, just amazing.
Just pasted together with Elmer's glue and there we did go on the ear nine years ago,
December 30th.
And what did Greg do on that weekend before we went on the ear on a Monday morning?
He and his family took off for Chicago.
They left, they got out of town.
When the going gets tough, Greg would always get going as far away as possible.
Because he didn't want to be there for all the fall because he thought it was going to be a technical disaster.
Were you there McGill or not?
No.
I know Josh wasn't.
No, I was not.
Well, you're lucky.
Well, all the way, we may do down there in the second floor and to make sure it's studio.
And then we went through that whammy crap.
Well, was that a piece of garbage?
No, whammy came before that, didn't it?
No.
Really?
How could whammy come before that? It was down on the second floor.
Whammy!
God, it sucks.
That was, I mean, you talk about embarrassment.
Now, when I got here, you were up here already.
I was already up on the turd floor, Nancy.
And then of course, was supposed to be the neo-rodger studio that Josh is sitting in right now.
Yeah, that's funny.
And then of course, what it turned out to be is the, let's go in and play games with the studio.
And then we got some of the ball game to put on, to farm out to some station where we got 16 games going on at the same time.
And let's let a bunch of kids come in here and pochki around and mess around with both rooms that you guys are sitting in.
Mess around with all the settings.
And nothing has ever changed with that.
This is a company that rewards you for the good job you've done with crap.
In fact, the better you do, the more they treat you like garbage.
If you're like an embarrassing kind of, yeah, I mean, if you're one of those people that doesn't really even belong on the year, I don't want to miss you name.
Take the mister out of right there, Carl.
And then like that, then you're like a king of the hill, baby, even doing all wrong.
Or like the crow until he had that big falling out with somebody back there in accounting like, I got the crow bodice right here, home boy.
I mean, there was a guy that anybody with an IQ larger than their thumbnail knew didn't belong on the year, but all they loved him because, you know, he wants to wear a jobstrap.
In fact, I think he used to wear one to work.
Maybe that's why he had all that cashmere bouquet on.
Man, did he smell?
I mean, not in a bad way, but just in too good of a way.
I just think he obeyed them cashmere bouquet.
I've told you that many, many of the time.
Well, look who sent me this thing about the traffic checkpoint in Dania.
I just noticed my old board off Pete, Pete, the chronic board off.
I just saw his name up there on top.
Happy holidays to you, Pete.
Good guy.
One of the survivors of this business.
1336 votes on the pool.
Kind of sounds like I'm like on a way out.
Doesn't it?
Sounds like I'm getting ready for a farewell song here.
Yeah, a little bit.
I mean, you know, you leave the show.
I just certainly can't continue without you.
That's right.
Anybody believe in that?
I certainly can't continue doing this without communicating with my good buddy, Jacob,
on my space.
Now that we've removed him and he's removed me.
Well, what we all want to know is how you're doing with that Howard.
With what?
Without Mo.
How you doing without him?
Oh, I don't know.
I remember him always saying that.
Oh, what's he going to do if I ever leave here?
How did I manage all those years before he came and darkened our door?
How we survived in the interim lessons he left with those big ratings, huh?
All these people are still after listening hanging on air reward.
How do we do without you, Mo?
How do we do it?
Exactly.
Even though he had never said that.
1337, man, we got that 14-year-old letter.
Sure as you can say, Greg is an evil doer.
The biggest name of the best talent to do this is real Roger's 4th radio 560.
I just am pretty quick.
I like to shave my legs, arms, and buns.
We're listening to the Neil Rogers 1-2-hour.
Oh!
All right.
Oh!
Frosty, the snowman, was a code name for this guy.
He was selling drugs, okay, cocaine for the people who would buy.
Went down to the village to seek new clientele.
Like Oliver said, I don't do the drug.
I just like the way he snows.
But our friend met a tragic end one day.
He was stuffed and after he had made the deal,
it turned out to be a cop.
Oh, now he's in prison, making love to other men.
No, he isn't gay, but he had to pay to be in the end.
Pumped in his room, pumped in his room, pumped the cat the convict go.
Pumped in his room, pumped in his room, pumped the cat the convict go.
One o'clock at 5.60 WDQM, you know where your children are right now, okay?
Hopefully they're in shul.
Oh, no forget that traffic checkpoint in Dany B.
I still don't understand this thing.
Thanks again, Pete the board off, but I don't understand it.
It says, Broward deputies will conduct a traffic checkpoint operation tomorrow night,
7 to 10 PM in the 300 block of Dixie Highway,
or the 50, 200 block of South West 40th Avenue, both in Dany B.
So in other words, it's like 50, 50.
Yeah, that's right.
Stay out of that area.
Yeah, stay out of both of them.
Vehicles will be inspected for defective safety equipment,
and motorists will be asked to show their driver's license,
which hopefully will have a current address.
Not some old address in Halemdale where you don't live anymore.
Registration and proof of insurance.
So that's tomorrow night in Dany B.
Go over to Dany and go just stay on federal highway, go to Jackson's.
You want the big like bathtub fulls of good stuff,
all like goopy stuff they got, you know?
So you have those two experiences.
You have a lot of free meals on this show, Josh.
Yeah.
Well, you can afford it.
And I miss the free meals, man.
Yeah, but we're making so much bucks now.
You can afford to buy your own meal.
Right.
That's the sad part about this.
Once it's never going to take place, I was going to buy.
Oh, what did you want to exchange for that, Neil?
Yeah.
What a bunch of nut jobs, you know?
This fast.
Now, why did you send me this from Marty Appell or is that a pill?
I don't know.
Appell is like more Jewish to me.
APP EL is that Apple or a pill.
He's a PR guy.
I never heard of him, Marty.
But have a wonderful Chanooka.
Tryouts for the Israel baseball league.
Oh!
The first pro league in the nation.
The P.S.
The P.S.
The P.S.
I mean, sure.
Is that a 20-year-old?
You rated tryout.
Let's see if we know what Chanooka.
You got two goyums there.
Can't tryout.
I'll go last shy.
He wants to go.
Open to players of experience prepared to play in the 1648 game schedule in Israel that begins
June 24th, 2007.
The trial will be run by former Red Sox General Manager Dan DuKet.
Also, President of the League's Commissioner Daniel Kertzer, former U.S. Ambassador to Israel,
and Larry Burris, creative league.
Director of Operations Marty Berger will also be on site.
Previous trials have attracted players from 18 to 45, Jewish and non-Jewish, Black, White,
and South Stride in European even Hussitic Jews.
Wow.
Man.
Spritey, December 29th, registration of 830 in the morning of the Mime Country Day School,
602 Northeast 107th Street Mime Shores.
The league was conceived earlier this year and much progress has been made.
Some 120 players will sign contracts for the first season.
And what are sandy co-facts that are going to throw out the first ball?
Ultimately, Israel will hope to compete in the World Baseball Classic.
Previous trials have resulted in fascinating feature stories and packages about league and the individual applicants.
There you go.
The Israel Baseball League.
We wish them all well and hope them in not sped.
Don't be saying that now.
Don't be talking to trash about all those great Israel Baseball League players.
Yeah, that's right.
It must be an easy said that they are going to plant a cluster bomb under every base.
1353 votes on the poll.
I'll remember Jeb Bush, most four, helping his brother steal the 2005-47.
But we got four.
You know something if you'd have pushed it, man.
Of course, you're not doing enough because you're on a way out.
You know, it's taking an easy way out.
That's it, yeah.
No, if I were to push it, we'd made 1500 a day.
Would that have been something or what?
And I believe I already faxed.
Did I?
Yeah.
I already faxed the poll for the marty-erich.
I could start that one early.
Tomorrow we'd go for like 2000 votes as Neil is on a way out.
When is that he's on a way out?
You know, I think it'll be a good time to wrap this whole baby up.
You've already finished with that poll, Cram.
What's that?
In the spring, you know, like after the winter, after the winter book.
April.
As I'm like on April Fool's Day.
I can do that thing like Craig Worthing used to do.
I was talking about that last week.
You know, all the old ladies upset every April Fool's Day.
Well, today's my last day on the air, and I'm going to ride the retire.
And all the old ladies would start calling in.
Oh, just in tears.
Craig, you can't do that to us, Craig.
Well, they'd be doing it when we were in April Fool, you know.
Right to Sunday, so you had a guess.
Like April Tooth, because that's good.
April Tooth.
Then they would believe it.
Maybe I'll just come in and do the show on Sunday and say, bye.
And then on the next day, I'd be on a plane because, you know, once it gets to the spring,
it's good weather.
You know, like in Berlin, and Amsterdam, and all these places, Rome.
Well, I can't wait to get back to my favorite trotteries in Rome.
I got two of them.
Why?
Not that there aren't zillions of really good ones, I'm sure.
But there were two in particular.
I just love.
Hmm.
But nevertheless, when I was thinking, that's a good idea.
That's a game plan.
All right.
April Tooth.
And they can put Mo back in here.
And they wouldn't get Christine and Mo'ron back on here.
What are you saying?
Get a good sports show on here.
Make clearance happy.
He's another one that tries to throw a monkey wrench in everything we do on a show.
Because it's not a sports show.
And I told you about this morning, I said, one of the biggest problems with trying to get, you know,
things done and things done right, is that this is not a talk station.
It's not even a sports talk station.
It's a sports nerd station.
George hit it right on that, right on the money, you know, because he started working on this place before I did,
because, you know, they didn't pay him to go away for seven months, Paxton.
They paid me to go away for seven months.
So I was like, you know, traveling the world and having a great time.
And he was working in production at QAM.
And he said to me, he said, this isn't a radio station.
This is a sports bar with a microphone.
That's one of the great lines of all time.
And then once I got started, I realized he wasn't fun in me.
He was right.
It's not a radio station.
It's not, they don't know from talk radio.
It's a sports bar with a microphone.
You see the difference?
Yep.
I see it every day on here.
And it's never changed.
Because they don't, they don't know from talk radio.
They haven't got any idea.
They don't even know how the hell it works.
They haven't got a clue how the hell it works.
What the components are.
It's like, it's like trying to make breakfast in a bowl of breakfast cereal without knowing what to put in the bowl.
Without knowing you've got to go to the store first and buy some freaking cereal in them.
Maybe get some milk in for it in there.
And like with a spoon, you know, get a spoon.
Hey Joyce, get a spoon.
Back down.
It's a good place for it, honey.
Boy, she a loser or what?
She, to me, epitomizes what's wrong with this company.
Joyce Fitch.
She's got no background in this business.
She hasn't got a clue.
And as a result, and of course, she also participated in some of the mistakes they made
that put their freaking license in jeopardy.
I don't want to mention how it's turned a buckle.
And I told, and of course, you buddy Greg, I told him.
I said, I guarantee you the first day that you, the first day that you put that show back on here
by nine o'clock in the morning, there'll be complaints filed with the FCC.
Was I right?
Absolutely correct.
But they wouldn't see them all listen to me because I know nothing.
What do you know?
I'm not a sports nerd like them.
I'm a radio guy.
So what the hell did I have in common with Greg and these people?
And it's just like this whole other business that's been going on.
What the hell did I do?
I haven't common with this person that I was supposed to have a lunch with.
Do I have anything in common with this person?
I don't know.
You don't talk to him.
What?
I don't know.
You talk to him.
I don't talk to him.
How did I talk to him?
Talked to him.
When?
A couple of emails.
Well, that's not talking.
And I'm sure he was unsuspecting.
I'm sure because of Miguel in the beginning, he was unsuspecting.
Going to be a friend.
I love the show.
Buh-buh-buh-buh.
I used to come by to game.
Put my profile on there.
A little bit, he expects.
A little bit of any way of knowing that I would just become a basket case.
How the hell would he know that?
Yeah, in a way.
I know that.
I'm trying to make excuses for him now.
That's because I don't want Miguel to feel so bad about ruining my life.
I don't care about it.
Good.
I don't either.
I've served what I'd taken it last week.
I'm a survivor.
I've served my 20 years of harassment and hassling of my life and my career by a one individual
in Dave County going back to the Howard Stern business.
And I got news for you.
If I do this side of it, I'll be very sure.
I won't be because of that one or because of Jacob or any of this other business.
It'll be because one of my friends talked to me.
I might as well enjoy all this.
You know, it's my half stashed away.
All these years.
Might as well enjoy it.
Enjoy life, baby.
That's what it's all about.
Enjoy life.
Don't be a slave.
They need this crap.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, you know, let's take a zillion good calls this hour and make Josh impressed.
You know, because Josh, I'm like, George, Josh can't be impressed.
I can.
Especially when they said, hey, here's how much we're going to pay for that new gig, you know,
whatever.
Oh, he was impressed.
Yes, yes.
Where do I sign?
Please, where's the pen?
Take a good sharp pen in there when you go.
I cut it already in my pocket.
Now, you know, you signed to be with Joe Bell or is that still up in here?
No, I have not signed.
Did you shake hands on it?
Not yet.
Why not?
I'm just joking, I really.
I run in his office right down, shake it.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
You know, Neil, what about me?
You make me feel like trash.
I'm caught in it.
I mean, it's because you are.
That's because you are.
You're subhuman.
You're a subhuman trash.
Thank you, Neil.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Good afternoon, sir.
How you doing?
I'm doing okay.
You sound like you're in better spirits.
I really want to get 3D last week.
I want to tell you how much I admire you for putting your heart on your sleeves.
Putting my hand, which is very honest, this whole episode has been so unlike me.
And the stuff that I got online and wrote, if you could read it, you would just, I don't know whether you'd laugh or cry.
You'd probably start crying.
I have no idea what the hell inspired all that.
Like I said, maybe it's late life crisis.
I don't know, but it just that this person got to me in a very emotional way.
And I know I can't even tell you why.
This is somebody I hardly even know.
I think I, well, don't make any of this.
I think you and I are covering the same fabrics.
I kind of empathize.
I do know what you mean.
And to tell you what, to put it out there like you did in this city of Solis S.O.B.
Yeah.
Took more courage than a rummy, chainy, and bush combined.
You know what I mean?
Absolutely correct.
Yeah, I agree if I say so myself.
So you have a happy festiveist.
There's nothing else.
And we're with you until the bitter end, my friend.
Okay, good luck to you, pal.
Take care.
Yeah, the bitter end.
It's coming soon, baby.
I can feel it.
I can smell it, you know?
Of course, you know, it's nice having those checks coming a couple of times a month.
Or maybe I'll just take a few months off, you know, like about 20 or 30.
1366, I interrupted my reading and was very important pull.
That's bad.
Hey, we want to get 1500 here if you push it.
Get out of here.
Are you a crazy person or what?
Yeah.
We're doing like some hallucinogens out there in Tahoe.
Is that the deal?
I wish.
Maybe a sniff too much of that air up there in Las Montanias.
Maybe those dizzying heights affected your mind.
It is beautiful out there.
I'll tell you.
Very nice.
But it's really scary if you drive in that mountain road.
Thank goodness it was the middle of the summertime.
Well, I'm not a big guy.
Wow.
I never drive when I'm on vacation.
It's a beautiful thing.
What do you mean by that?
Meaning I don't drive, you know?
Why not?
You don't run a car.
You drive this conversation.
Like you go to Vegas, you run a car.
Yeah.
I walk because.
How are you going to get it?
How are you going to go out into the mountains there in Vegas and take your picture, squatting on a boulder for crying out loud?
Listen, our audience is going to want somebody every placement on there, you know?
They're not going to sit still for this.
What are you laughing about?
I'll squat right here on the edge.
They want to see you squatting on the red river canyon or red rock, whatever the hell that place was.
And of course, like I said, that it's a good place to escape going out there in the desert and the clear your mind.
See, if I live to be a hundred, this is the thing that always is going to bother me.
I'll never see what really still bothers me is I don't get it.
I just don't understand what the hell this was all about.
You know what I mean?
It's an unsolved mystery in your life.
But you do see what I'm saying though.
Yeah.
I gotcha.
You know, except I was just being played for a fool and an emotional old queen all along or if it was just if it just evolved into that accidently.
I mean, this is gotten really ugly, ugly out of what?
I was looking for ugly.
Believe me, when I go out, I'm not looking for ugly.
1368 votes.
I'll remember our fat ass governor, Jeb Bush, most four helping his brother steal a 2,000 election, 560, almost 41% of the votes.
His whole law breaking family, 235, interfering with Terry and her...
CHOOB!
144.
Over-turning the voters on State of Memons 80, the stupid FKAT 80.
Being a great guy, 76, Sian, I don't know, I mean, great fat ass guy.
His fat ass, 42.
His co-signoring prescription forging daughter Noel, 38.
Opposing the slots, 31, needlessly cutting down those citrus trees, 24.
I bet you George voted for that.
I bet you George is all over this poll.
Not.
Being on TV, whenever there was a hurricane, 24, I hate this poll, 221.6% and being a right-wing guber as in gubernatorial, 18.
The biggest name, so best talent for this is Neil Rogers.
Here's how it happened.
Please, I don't even own a sewing machine.
I couldn't make a quick Santa Claus hat in a coat if I wanted to.
Accused, recommending the most heinous crime in Christmas history.
The Grinch tells his story.
I took the last can of who has a high-dirt even like who has?
The Grinch, if I stole Christmas, here's how it happened.
I'll tell you who committed the real crime.
Jim Kelly and Ron Howard, the devomination of a film, completely missed the point.
Only un-fucks.
On 18 at 5, Susan, I'm 13 and 85 votes on the poll.
On your outgoing fat ass governor.
Bye-bye, Jebby.
Jebby, Jebby, and our collector has paid about $2.3 million for a $1,000 bill printed in 1890
according to the auction house that broke the transaction between two anonymous private collectors.
He paid $2.3 million for a $1,000 bill.
Even if it would buy no kid a pay-back like that.
This $1,000 bill is one of only two notivits type.
The other surviving example is the museum at the Federal Reserve of San Francisco.
Greg Rohan, president of Dallas-based, Heritage Adorction Gallery, said Friday.
By the way, Tim Ruff, I just got an amazing email from somebody that I don't think Josh knows but Miguel does.
Well, he's not here, so you go ahead and tell me that.
Oh, so it was good.
The friend of ours in the Dave County, but nevertheless, amazing.
George, a good friend of George is also a Rohan said that type of bank known as known collectors is Grand Watermelon
because the green striped zero is an adomination 1,000 printed on the back of the bill.
Looked like watermelons.
They looked like the fruit.
Only.
Only two Grand Watermelon examples are known with red color Treasury Department Seals printed on the front.
The other half dozen of the surviving Grand Watermelon notes have brown seals, he said in his release.
The 2.2 million, $225,000 price tag is more than double the previous record from an 1890 grand watermelon note.
The previous record for any bank note was 2.1 million, according to the Heritage Adorction.
You know, watermelon is one of those foods that I like but it's just too much work to eat it.
What do you mean?
What does that mean?
What do you mean?
Because when I said, you buy the whole thing and cut it up.
Yeah.
But if you buy it already cut up for you.
Yeah, if you buy sections with the seeds removed.
Yeah.
The pits.
But when you have to keep like, get rid of the pits, it's, it's you know what it is?
What it is?
The pits.
13.94, mine, you're right, we could have made 15 easy today.
Wow.
What does that mean?
That must mean somebody out there is listening.
So I think what I'm going to do at 2 o'clock, I'm going to go in my living room.
I'm going to sit there and wait for the phone to ring because I know it'll be normal Kent.
And then I'm going to like examine my navel for the rest of the misconduct.
And then I'll wait for Geltie to call and invite me to dinner.
Maybe you'll take me to Ruth Christiane.
Well, I can probably afford my own dinner, you know.
Yeah, I think it good.
I got Marine Dodge column.
Now is Miguel still out?
Yeah, he's disappeared.
Good.
Well, that means I can read it because he gets so angry when I read these columns and you know him.
Especially if they're not about Cuba.
Marine Dodge was one of our audiences favorite.
She says farewell dense prints.
This is from a Saturday.
But since we're not on Saturday or Sunday.
I guess I could still read it today, good night.
Absolutely.
Yes.
James Baker ran active W.D. with a butterfly net for a while.
But it's not clear that the inmates are still running the asylum.
The defiant ones came striding from the Pentagon yesterday.
The trick of wayward warriors marching abreast in their dark suits and power ties.
W.R.M.I. and Dick Cheney were so full of quick draw confidence that they might have been so angry on the main drag of Deadwood.
Far from being run out of town that offenses our rivals Robert McNamere or for deadly incompetence.
It's been on a victory life in Baghdad, Mosul and Washington.
Yesterday's tribute had full military honors of color guard and 19 guns salute.
An old guard performance with marching musicians including piccolo players.
In revolutionary work costumes John Phillips, Susa music.
And the chuckle-headed Neocons and X-Rummy deputies who helped screw up the occupation.
Paul Wolfowitz and Douglas Fyfe cheering in the audience.
It was surreal.
The Septiginary and Huergenley dismissed initial advice to send more troops to secure a back.
Being praised as the finest secretary of defense this nation's ever had by his pal the vice president.
Even as a desperate White House drafted ways to reinvator back by sending more troops in and grasping its draws effort to reverse the chaos caused by Rummy's mistakes.
Just imagine the send off a defense secretary would have gotten who hadn't sabotaged the army.
Iraq global security, our Chancellor Girozama, our moral credibility, the deficit and American military confidence.
Even Joyce, I'm sorry, even Joyce Rumfeld got a distinguished public service award, replaced around her neck.
We'd like to place a rubin' around our Joyce's neck and tie it real tight.
Remember that scene in Kuukuznes where Miss Rachitson, Nurse Rachitson on the floor?
Yes, one of my technicals in his choking.
And she's like her eyeballs are just bugging out of her head like that.
Anyway, the grandiose ceremony, future everything but the gold play that matching sets at Pistols Tommy, Frank Sinatra, failed Rory and his wife Kathy.
Recently we see from a weapons manufacturer.
His head forced ours in diamonds. Her is Ruby's and their marriage date.
W. Never seems as alarmed about the devastation of Rachitson. He told People magazine, I must tell you I'm sleeping a lot better than people would assume.
He told Brett Human that his presence he was a joyful experience.
He slacked off on his slacker effort to form a new Iraq plan.
Can't these guys even order pizzas and pull some all-nighters?
Mr. Bush was busy this week hosting Christmas parties for a press call he disdains, competing in malaria conference at the National Geographic with Dr. Book of Grace Anatomy,
I see a Washington and presiding over heroes departure from the Defense Secretary actually dumped not because of incompetence but for political expediency.
The Rummy hoopla was away. I got to take a drink.
You're getting choked up over Rummy.
Calm down man, take a breath.
Well you relax.
The Rummy hoopla was away for W to the signal that Sam was getting like that.
Mung, not a good sign.
It was away for W to the signal that Sam was just ready to make a hamilton study after he had portally denouncing it as a flaming cow pie.
Kindly ride signal the same time to Washington Post that he didn't want to negotiate with Syria and Iran as the Rachitson group had proposed because the compensation might be too high.
The Democrats thought that when they had won the election they won the debate on the war and they had W to cornered.
But the president is leaning towards surging over the Democrats, voters, Baker and the Bush 41 crowd and some of his own commanders.
W seems gratified by the idea that rather than having his ears boxed by his father's best friend, he's going to go down swinging or double down and they metaphor to Azure on his macho bet in Iraq.
He's reading about Harry Truman and casting himself as a feisty Truman but he's heading toward late LBJ.
The White House budget office is studying how much it'll cost to finance the surge and infusion of 20 to 50,000 troops in the bag that make one last try at victory.
The policy would devolve from we stand down as they stand up till we stand up more and maybe someday they will too.
Some serving commanders are not in favor of the surge because they threat that it will infant infant tantalizer Raki's even more about assuming responsibility for their own security.
They also fear that the insurgents who have nowhere to go will outweigh our troops.
But W would rather take a risk and a rack than risk being a whim.
So it continued to wrap himself in muscular delusions asserting that on Rami's watch the US military helped the Iraqi people establish a constitutional democracy in the heart of the Middle East, a watershed event of the story of freedom.
Dictane you offered this praise to his friend. On the professional side, I would not be where I am today but for the competence that down first placed in me those many years ago.
Alas, we wouldn't be where we are today either. She said, nice going Marine, Marine down Marine, the Queen.
Very nice. I gave this back by the way.
No, it's a good thing I'm done reading that. That's why I was getting choked up.
Now what was I asking him? I was saying that I got a very fascinating email from... I'm sure he knows the person.
A mutual friend of mine in Georgia's. Do you know what I'm talking about? No. In Dave County. Well, I'll try to do during the break.
Okay. Well, I don't know if he wants his name on here. Wait till you hear the good news though I just saw. Boy, things are really looking up now.
Wait a minute. There's Brady Quinn again. Sneaked on my... That's not good. I didn't want to do that. Okay.
1404 on the pool. Is that impressive or what? It is to me. We got more than half hour. Let's do it.
I'm not going to get like no 1500. You're going to get 96 votes in 30 minutes. Let's go.
You must be dreaming man. Forget about it. You don't sit on your sights on something you know you're going to fail at.
You know? You'd be like going over to Pound 96 and working for Greg Reed again. You don't want to do that.
Stick with Joe Bell. He's weak. He's weak. He's like that. But he means well. He's a good guy. I think. Is he a good guy? Yes he is.
But you got to say that. No, he's really a good guy. Yeah. I think he is.
And I felt sorry that conversation I had with him on the phone this morning because he felt I thought he was going to cry.
They wanted to stay until I croak. I wouldn't mind doing that with some of the slightly reduced hours. Maybe working like three hours a day. Maybe Monday, Wednesday, once in a while on Friday.
You know what I mean? For the same money of course.
Dead dead dead. Someday you'll be dead. Dead dead dead. Someday we'll all be dead.
The minute we're born we start dying. We die a little more every day.
Young, we're old, richer poor. There's nothing we can do to stop it.
So look long at that Christmas tree. It may be the last one that you see.
That great your house in green and red. Cause someday you'll be dead. Dead dead dead. Someday you'll be dead. Dead dead dead. Someday we'll all be dead.
It might happen in a couple months or 50 years from now. But no matter when it happens it will soon, soon, soon to you.
So be sure on Christmas Eve when you snuggle in to bed. That you think God boy your family. Cause someday they'll be dead. Dead dead dead. Someday they'll be dead.
Dead dead dead. Someday we'll all be dead.
Boom knows how many Christmas is left in their short life. Nobody knows that's my point. Enjoy the while you can.
And so on Christmas morning let good tidings fool your head.
What a festive season. Someday you'll be dead. Dead dead dead. Someday we'll be dead. Dead dead dead.
Everyone you know. Dead. A very Merry Christmas to you. Dead. Dead. Dead.
Merry Christmas everybody. Happy Chanukah. Whatever else you're puching around with these days. Okay. It's 133.
But this thing is flown by today I'll tell you. And that's cause Josh is back for one of his last shows. I think I'm getting a raw throw. Maybe I'll.
And then what do you do? All bit Tuesdays. I'm serious. I'm getting like a scratchy throw. That's not a good sign. Maybe I'm just choked up. You think?
Anyway that was by request from Joe. Joe says my daughter is now be celebrating winter solstice later this week and will also celebrate when Jeb leaves. Have you ever seen Jeb and Rick Sanchez together? Same person. Good point Joe. Also my daughter would like to hear the tune with the children singing about. Someday we'll all be dead.
Thanks for sticking around you. It says well I'm here today. I can go you read that message I was talking about. Yes. The email. Yes. And what are your thoughts without getting I don't want to get into specifics.
Keeping in mind that I'm not a vindictive person. Yeah. Obviously no, but funny. It was very funny. Good guy by the way. He's going to be up here. My good friend. See there's a friend. There's a good guy. And he also by the way looks a lot better.
And the other one I'm also not interested in hopping on his bones or anything like that. But he's a good guy. Am I right? Yes you are. Okay. See there you go. Well I got to say that too. You know, cause that's right.
Because otherwise maybe you'll have the wrath of God. You know what I mean? That's right. You know the sorry part. I hate to keep dwelling on this. But I'm going to, you know, I'm just this is
stream of consciousness. That's what I do on the show. And that's I'm unconscious. You know, see I wasn't looking for an apology from anybody. I wasn't very just a response. Like anything could have
closed this whole chapter out for everybody and made life so much more pleasant. But some people either a our game players or B they're too stupid to realize that.
Just say like I give you 80 hundred examples. Sorry I didn't work out. I didn't mean any harm. Have a great life. Well, like that. You see what I'm saying? Or just f off and get the hell away and you're a crazy person. Anything. Anything at all. No matter how
caustic how you thought of what I'm saying. Yeah. That would have been it. That would have been the. And of course I'm sure that the advice is being
given. Oh, well, if you responded all that's just going to perpetuate you that that would have been very nice. Goodbye. Have a great life.
Acknowledge my existence. Okay. That's all. Well, that's not the way the cards were dealt. But I know that's not the way some people deal in life.
And I come to find out like I said in the beginning of the show from several people I've talked to in the last 10 days or so.
That this seems to be perfect. Of course for a lot of people. They don't have the balls to look you in the eye or even go online
anonymously and say whatever. You know, bye bye. Nothing much less. Of course answer a phone. So I still know that that's all I would want.
Not an apology. And of course, it ain't going to happen. Do I care? No. I'm like I said, I'm going to sit there on my sofa, staring out the window.
The sun is shining. It ain't too bad. See what the temperature is here in the hog town. I feel a little hog tied. Oh, it's a 41. Not too bad.
It's going to be 45. That they actually there's no such thing as little warming, but it's going to be in the 40s all week here.
It's like almost the end of December. Oh, I guess what's coming out Wednesday morning? Josh. What's that 11 30 in the morning on Wednesday?
Rating. Try that's it. Second trend of the fall book, baby. Let's hope we go out in real style, man, with big, fat juicy numbers.
Just to stick it down. Joyce's trope 5 6705 60.
The POM 560 and the Verizon singular wireless line. WQ a M. Hello. Not there on two, but that's your loss, man. That's your loss. WQ a M. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. I was just simply delighted to hear George came out of the closet. Yeah. Okay.
Yeah. Same old tired crap boring WQ a M. Hello. Hello. Yes. Hey, you're going to get that gambling problem under control.
We criticize anybody. Yeah, that's right. Good. Good point. Yeah. Okay. I'll get some therapy. Get my gambling problem under control.
In fact, a good way to do it is going to play about 50 grand worth of backgammon. It's after that you do it. There you go. Play online.
That's what I'm talking about. What else do you play backgammon? Is it like a backgammon place where people go in, you know, like a
shrewd as an airy man. You're asking me if there's a domino park, certainly a detroit. Maybe hurry hangs out at backgammon park.
After when you think after his round of golf. Yeah, maybe maybe also here. We're lucky to take up my strong since I'm getting up in the
year. Good time to start taking my strong WQ a M. Hello. I'll go be all. Yes, sir. How are you doing there? I'm doing okay. Great. I'd like to thank you for your advice.
I went out and spurged on a BLP TV Samsung. It is. Oh, it is man. And I'd like to thank you for all the years of
entertainment since the day to day and whatever your decision is. Good luck to you. Thanks a lot, pal. You're a good man. I am.
All right, buddy. Thanks. Take care. See, and now there's a good guy. I mean, Josh thinks it's not good because he's sucking up and kissing my butt.
But what's wrong with that? Maybe it's that time of the season when people are supposed to be nice, even if they don't really want to be.
You know, I'm a soft Florida after all. It doesn't fit with the ambiance of the territory, but nevertheless.
As Danny Galivan would say, the territory for Hisha was constipated. Danny Galivan. A lot of his any old leaf games on right now.
On least TV. Oh, no, there's not the red ones. There's Mike Murphy. Well, was he a good coach or what? He's stunk. He was bad.
By the way, how about those make believes, man? Three wins in a row. Maybe let's get a little hockey talk going here. Who the hell's that?
You know, a lot of times it's tough because you just don't have enough. Yeah, we know. Let's get some hockey.
When we got guilty in town now, still hasn't invited me to lunch. See, I'm going to take that personal.
Nobody wants to go to lunch with the old man. You know, in fact, I just farted. I was so upset about it. Maybe he's right.
Huh? Maybe that's why. Yeah, me. Well, see when you get to be my age, you start doing it like unconsciously.
You start like dropping bombs. You know, just, oh, I think something just happened there. WQ AM. Hello.
Your next job could be the US presidency. Do it.
Do it. WQ AM. Hello.
Yeah, but you over it yet because you're still talking about him. A bigger pardon.
No, the guy that dumped you and you're obviously not a guy that dumped me. Yeah, the guy that dumped me. Get a life.
Schmuck. Dominic Q. A. M. Hello. Hey, you know what I remember when I think of the old booster of flora when he had those
deviate plans, the class sizes. Yeah, right. I'm never got number two.
Any status. Go ahead. What amount of you can get a seedless body? Beautiful. Beautiful thing.
They had a seedless watermelon. Yes, they do, sir. It tastes pretty damn good. You've got to get it the right time of the year.
That's all I'm going to go out and pick some today. I'm going to pick a few. For example, I'm picking one right now. Look at that one. Wow.
Have you ever seen a seedless watermelon? I know they had a seedless like, you know, a seedless grape.
And seedless oranges. Well, why not? I told you to get that. It's already pre-cut for you. Ready to go. Really?
Well, I'm getting a little seeding out old age and how that goes. How are we doing on that thing?
I see you. I wish you wouldn't have said that about the see 1431. Our goal is 1450. Okay.
See, when you said 1500, it was so damn late into the show. They couldn't have done that.
Even if they met it as an outpouring of love and emotion. I mean, what the hell does it prove? It didn't prove anything.
Who cares? Who's keeping track? You know, you think that big talk show guy up in the sky is sitting
with his little Ouija board and he's like a computer. Oh, gee, our Rogers. I got 1450. They didn't make 1500.
He's going to burn in hell. They're like that. You mean, that what it's all about? I think that's the way it works.
He's up there with his big back end in board and sky. Never heard any more from Harry and Detroit.
I guess maybe because I rejected his second email or whatever like that. I guess there are a lot of people.
You know, they just did it with a little bit online and they vanish, you know, especially if they don't hear whatever they want to hear.
Strange 19 till two if you and Hank at four to five with a mad dog in the power hour and then of course we got mad dog coming up at two.
They did it all in stunk and I didn't see any of it. I didn't even watch the I taped the Patriots game because I knew it was a
even even the Patriots as bad as they played last two weeks against Detroit and the dolphins.
They they couldn't possibly have lost that game. No. And so I just watched the scores on my blackboard.
I kept you know pace and then I've turned over to the dolphin thing and I see seven nothing at the half buffalo and then 21 nothing at the end.
Hey.
Stench of cow manure covers over this performance by the dolphin.
Absolutely. And I thought oh, the same aneurysen big trouble again. I guess they're not going to run the table.
Remember all that crap about all say run the table. Yeah.
Only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami.
I was the night before Christmas. The whole house was mellow.
Not a creature with sparing because I had my gun under the pillow. When I found the roof, I heard something down.
I found the wind and shrieked. Yo, keep it down. When what to my wanderer and I should appear but the dawn of all elves.
And a freaking rain be with a slotted a snout and a yank on the main.
You curse running shout it. He called my name.
Your Tony, your Frankie, your Joey, your Vito, a boy, a Vanny, a Rackle, a Guido.
With slicked back like hair and a red silk suit. Don Christopher was here and he brought the loot.
As I drew out my gun and hit by the bed, he flew through the window and slapped me upside the head.
What the hell you think I'm gonna let on.
Now all you get in this cold, you friggin' moron.
Then point in a finger right up my nose. He twisted his pinky rings and up the chimney he rolls.
That I hoid him yellow. But I least expected.
My refrigerant Christmas the wrong and his battleshells from respect.
147. Watch out for those guys. We got the 1400 and some odd man. We got a lot of odd.
By the way, Johnny G, I don't want to have lunch with you and just go away.
You know Johnny G from our MySpace thing?
Yes, Michael.
Yes.
A loyalist nerd but maybe a little bit, you know, just like me, made a little bit overboard.
You know what I'm saying?
I go overboard at times. He goes just calm down.
Finish your cereal, Johnny G, and have a great life.
He goes back somewhere.
Like I said, just forget about him.
He's a good guy, just leave him alone.
1443.
Oh, we could have done it, you know what?
If Joshua had just dropped in a couple of hints and reminders along the way,
no wonder he's leaving this show, you know?
No, it's not not good. It's not good.
I mean, you got to do what's good for you and there's a lot of extra money in there.
And like I said, maybe you'll leave me in your will.
All the while, I'm sure I'm going to be pushing updates as much sooner.
I sure hope so.
Yeah, I hope so.
What do you mean by that?
Well, I'm listening to you.
I'm sure you're on you on the 3.
Yeah, I'm on the 64.
I'm on the like, you know, that's the new 40, right?
That's that's correct.
I'm only like, so if I'm only 40 and a young 40, it makes me like about 35.
1444, we could have made 1500 so easy today.
We've been like falling off Iraq, a rock.
Falling off Iraq, you were squatting on the middle of the Vegas desert there.
1446 votes.
I might just take our friend up on it offer.
He made, you know, I'm a girl.
The one that email, what are you laughing about?
I'm not talking about what you're thinking, you know?
Okay.
Well, he's only one of the people I know who makes offers like that,
but nevertheless, it's just not me.
It's just not, I'm just not an evil, hateful, vindictive person.
I'm not.
And so, damn good thing.
Yes.
1447 votes on the pool and leading by far.
I'll remember Jeb Bush most for helping his brother steal the 2000 election in Florida.
590.
How could anybody forget that?
And don't forget Jeb's girlfriend, Catherine Harris,
who ran a tremendous campaign for U.S.
and oil loss by what?
About 90% something like that?
She was good.
WQIM, hello.
Hey, hold on.
Let me get you, let me get you all speaker there.
Yes, sir.
I moved out of the gut forsaken bottom of the planet about six months ago.
And I'm like right equal to you, so it's pretty cool where I am.
But I just want to say that dolphins, once again,
will be in their own backyard for the Super Bowl cooking burgers.
So, and I'm thankful for all your entertainment.
I'm looking out your net and I'll keep doing it.
Where are you?
I mean, I need to say it in Milwaukee.
In Milwaukee.
It's all right.
Good broths, they're anyway.
Good broths and beer.
They do.
Brought some beer and it's, you know, nice people in different worlds.
There you go.
Well, have a great, uh, whatever, Pellie.
You have a good one.
See you.
Bye.
I like that.
There's a guy listening online in Milwaukee.
And that good, good guy.
I told you, Josh, you are such a, you, yeah, I think you've got it from George, you know,
such a cynic.
That was a good call.
I said, just cynic is a good guy.
Well, he sucked up a little bit too, but not, not, you know, heavy duty, you know,
not kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, lucky, lucky.
Like that.
1447 on a pole.
Man, I am just, I'm stunned and shocked and pleased, you know.
It almost makes me want to reconsider this whole retirement thing, you know?
Almost.
I don't know.
It's one of those things, you know, if I could come in like maybe one day a week.
Well, what are you laughing about?
For about a half an hour.
And then George could fill the breach of rest of time and give, I'm sure they give
George a really big raise, you know, that's George who I'm going to leave in my will.
So I think I'd leave him a hundred grand.
Yeah, that'd be good.
Yeah.
Harry, that was also Harry in Detroit, you know, the back am and guy.
He was also the one, give me a lecture about that.
At the same time, he was telling me how lonely I am and I should go out and find some cute youngs.
So well, man, this is, yeah.
It's a radio show here where you don't know me from squat from Moishi Pupik or Meishi Pidric,
depending on which side of the Gaza strip you're squatting on.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
I think I'd like to go to my house now.
I'm gonna go to the studio.
Yes, sir.
What are you gonna have open our business for George's up?
Open auditions?
Yeah.
When hell freezes over, Pally, how do you like that?
Open auditions for your job.
I think he meant open ended.
That's what I'm afraid he was right about.
I don't know.
Tell me, Q-A-M, hello.
How sad, huh?
How sad that one is, man.
They're gonna cart him off in a freaking butterfly net.
Too bad it didn't get on the air again for the 8 million tonne, okay?
You pathetic troll, man.
Pathetic troll.
That's another thing that this radio station has not done.
And Joe Bell keeps threatening that they really want to,
you know, he wants to do a lot of stuff, but they just don't want to do it.
They just, they don't really have the desire to do what it takes to do things professionally
and do it right.
And so I sit here and fumble my way through and do the best I can under almost impossible
circumstances.
And that's it.
That's the Beasley Fnway.
Listen, whoever replaces me should just start screening.
You are a sadist.
You really are.
I wasn't you.
You said this.
I'm gonna get you in touch with somebody on the MySpace page.
WQ-A-M, hello.
WQ-A-M, hello.
Okay, good one.
Okay, listen, I'm probably gonna get one or two more good ones on before we have to depart.
That would be really great for a Monday.
WQ-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
We still on a year.
Well, there's no arrow there.
WQ-A-M, hello.
Probably place, yes.
Yeah, okay.
Let's replace you with one of the colors, things at the shooting range.
One of those moving targets.
Let's replace one of those with him.
And that's a whole audience coming just to have a real good time.
So anyway, it's good at that time.
I gotta get myself in a proper frame of mind to sit in the other room and like,
stare out the window, you know, it's not about you.
I see if there's anybody in 15 looking outside wandering around.
Go out and grab them, you know.
Just go on the street and grab somebody.
Say, hey, come on in for the holidays.
Let me put a big smile on your face.
That's all a good idea.
14.55, but it's, you know, something that breaks my heart.
I've been heartbroken a lot lately.
I've been an emotional old basket case.
But this breaks my heart when we could have had 15.
And you know what it would have meant?
Nothing.
Absolutely.
Positively, nothing.
It's been fun, though.
It's better than I can.
It's days.
If I have any time.
I have 5, 6, 0.
WQA.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And our live from Rijel 7, it's the deal hunter show.
I like to hear his open song for BitRidey.
But I like to hear his open song for BitRidey.
A deal time likely about Rick and Pysings.
Now, with the guys, oh, I don't sing off key.
This is my favorite Gary O'Keeer.
Yeah.
I love the way that I've been ended.
The bitch haven't been the same since, sir.
Go cut, buy and die.
Yeah, I heard there was some party crack read through.
Yeah.
The thing I didn't go much advancing.
Of course, it's not easy flying back there from Rijel 7.
I know.
Thank God.
I'm here.
It's all over for you, poor slip stuck on earth.
Yes.
President, no, well, if you're lucky, that crack head is the last
bus to rig an election.
Who's on this line? WQA.
Mr. Rogers speaking.
I was in the public sugarlactica today, sir.
And let me tell you the clip-out coupons in Thursday's paper
are the sheeving.
I discovered to my son.
Oh, no, this is yours.
Grr, son.
It's knowns was not too for 99 cents on the contrary.
It was two brake stones for 99 cents.
Now, I don't know about you.
That's right.
They tried to pedal me two brake stones for the price of two brake stones cottage cheese.
When the coupons clearly stated that...
Well, use the cottage cheese that's grown in your toenails.
Now, who's this son?
His line's seven and nine.
Klingon, penal colony. Hello.
I forgot into that. Three tires.
So, I got, okay.
And that note, you know, I got a renegotiating my contract.
How about a one minute show, huh?
You can fill the other three minutes.
That's right.
But oh, can't you find his next...
George. Bye-bye-bye.
