Yeah, you know in
D.A.Y.
Yes, you see K.S.
Absolutely
It sat on the table a little too long
I think my wife may bow
She prepared it wrong
My stomachs we what that bird sure smells strong
That's why the turkey gives me cramps
I love things giving
It's my thing
So pass me away
Oh now I'm sick what a kick
The USDA shouldn't have put on that stamp
Because that turkey gave me cramps
I had four helpings like some kind of nuts
And that that turkey kicked me right in the gut
Now I've turned green and I might throw up
Does that turkey gave me that cucumber gave me that turkey gave me cramps
Okay 1002 at 560 WDQM it's Monday to remember 20
This is a week that'll live in infamy I can smell it already can't you smell it what do you mean?
It's not the turkey either what I mean is that we have no program director
And we have a really weak need to paper tiger general manager
You can't complain about the management of QAIM because generally speaking we don't have any
We have a bunch of weak sisters sisters of the blind and the poor and whatever else
So anyway, it's basketball season again for the Hurray Keynes and actually that's the number one thing
That's the main thing on Clarence's plate our program director part time
So as a result he ate around today and of course this is a week George's on medication
So Josh had to call Miguel Miguel is there today. How's the things in Cuba?
We've been gracias good
And only because
Josh called him to come in because we don't have a program director
And then Friday we got the Georgian Josh are both gonna be off
So I think Friday I'm just gonna play the wreck like I used to do on Thanksgiving
They only this year. I'm not working Thanksgiving
Finally wise definitely that's because we got the dolphins and the Alliance
We don't have the game of course, but we got 85 hours of pregame and postgame and crap like that
And then Thursday night on Thanksgiving give you something extra thankful for the Keynes will go five and seven
Football that is because they're gonna play Boston College and get their asses whipped. Can you even begin to imagine that?
It's gonna be pretty ugly. Oh, yes it is
Well, Josh is all excited his team won a game yesterday the bucket ears
week by the Redskins by three and we're three and seven
They are really kicking some serious ass that patriots had a real tough battle with the uh
Packard
25 to nothing as a girl just man-hattled and they are girls team and of course
That's the same Packers they'd beat the dolphins just a few weeks ago
But that's before the resurgence of the fish
I told you they'd beat Minnesota. I mean, so it was a little girls team they suck and and if that it was a miracle
That they won a game they did everything to try to lose the game and they still want to we don't want to get two sports
Intensive though. We don't want to do that
I think rather I talk about clearance all four hours today. Just you know, I mean we got Miguel there
He hates these stories. Well, who's gonna be there tomorrow and the Wednesday?
Maybe we'll drag Miguel in here again
See him. Nobody has scheduled anybody for this week
I'm sure the George told clearance about his vacation way ahead of time
He told me about it a long time ago. Yes, he did. I remember them having the conversation
Well, there you go, but clearance of course. He's busy because he's got to be doing you have basketball
He's got he's like Mike Rosenthalton your clearance a little sports nerd
All his life he's gonna be said, you know make up your mind clearance
You want to be the program director of a major market radio station alleged or you want to be a
UM and what does he do on the games? Just isn't the gackie do the play-by-fianty games?
Well, yes, he does, but it's still football season
So I know he's done at least one game by himself
Oh my god. He's doing the play-by-play the blow-by-blow. Well wouldn't be the first time I guarantee you that
What a clown what a and of course start like I said our general manager
He's got nothing to say about any of this because he's a paper tiger
You know how we got Tony the tiger over there at the power at least we used to he's not still there is he?
Yes, he is
Well, like I said Tony the tiger at power 96 and we got paper tiger as our general manager
I said him an email this morning about this a whole thing with our scheduling and
Have nobody in there in a hotel and maybe four weeks from next to circus, which is next October
Maybe I'll get a response to it
He's got big fish to fry baby when we got those sales numbers
That's the important thing. Okay. We got the sales numbers. The rating number as well. We're still working on those
You know, we got that oh point something in the morning and whatever else we got
We got some big numbers in midday still, but of course we can't have anybody working on
making and then of course this morning it took us about 20 minutes before we could communicate because
Some jackass again yesterday for the um team time shut off the pot on the board
So there was no audio feed up to here. Yeah, not surprised
But not surprising at all because we have you and basketball on there
Let me ask you how many people do you think our listing you and basketball on this radio stage?
That's a lot that's an exaggeration
There is no interest. It's like the Panther games. There's no interest
We are playing with ourselves. Maybe that's what we're doing at speaking of that. We got the Panthers in the Bruins tonight. All right
Just to calm down. Okay. Don't get yourself all worked up into a frenzy. It's not worth it
It's not worth it, Joe. You silly person you clown
Clarebel the clown. That's what we got
Well good news from a rack again
Assassin's killed a popular bag that TV comedian and a professor at the university south of the capital today
But failed an attempt to kill two government officials as the countries leader met with serious foreign minister about improving security and reopening diplomatic relations improving security
Sensing humor or what let's get better
In all 20 raki's were killed in a series of attacks in Baghdad Ramadi in Bakuba there you go Miguel Bakuba
All right, and the bodies of 25 Iraqis have been kidnapped and tortured found on the streets of the capital and in due trial north of Baghdad
In fact, I think the number yesterday was like 112
We're killed in Iraq, but you know it's weekend. They're busy. I have something to keep them busy on the weekend
So things continue deteriorating and all this bloodshed goes on but a beep but a boop but about but all the talking heads are well
We got to do this we got to do that. They don't know their ass from my clearance is all both seriously
I may have to hire a hitman this year. That's the only we're gonna get a real PD and they might have to hire somebody
Is good at hitman and just take him out when it doubt take him out
That's all
Because Joe Bell's not going to wait thing about it. It's the same old crap same old song like the four tops, you know
Here's the pull from friday boy. Look at the number of re uh
Votes we had on there
What ultra rich person you despise the most 2182 votes pretty heavy heavy duty
I'd say so
Rupert Murdoch had a third of all the votes 720 if they hit him like poison because he's a right wing piece of garbage
He's crap on two legs Rupert Murdoch and they despise him and his fox or crap and his new york post and all his right wing publications
They can't stand his ass oh
And I got a story about foxes a matter of fact what I do with it
Fox knew before I get back to the pool fox might air two episodes of a daily show like program
With a decidedly right wing bent on Saturday nights in late January with the possibility could become a weekly show for the channel
Oh, I can't wait. I'm Fox news channel
That on the go over big because those right wingers have a real sense of humor don't they oh yeah
The half-hour show is executive produced by 24's Joel Surnau and Manny Kota and creator Ned Rice
Who previously wrote for politically incorrect and the late late show with Craig Ferguson never heard of it
Uh, it would take aim at what Sunroll calls the sacred cows of the left that don't get made as much fun of by other comedy shows
It's a satirical news format. They would play more to fox news's audience than the Michael Moore channel
Surnau said it would tip more to the right as the daily show tips to the left well good luck to you. Okay
I bet that was okay
Rupert Murdoch 728 votes. I hate all of them 302
That's all the sluppers out there who are jealous of the wealthy and I don't blame them Donald Trump 273
Oprah he just edge to her ass out 272 and you when you can edge out Oprah's ass for you really doing a job
Wayne hyzenge 254 Wayne is fallen
That's because he's that nobody really pays any attention to him anymore
We don't hear that much about him. He don't own the panthers no more right?
The Marla is no more for long time
And of course the dolphins suck anyway, so what does anybody care about Wayne?
I hate this pull 144 6 and a half percent George Steinbrenner 108 pretty small potatoes Ted Turner only 59 Bill Gates had
But third man and Warren Buffett only 12 out of almost 2200 votes on our very very popular pull over the weekend
I
Would just love to see wouldn't you like to have a one of those surveillance cameras in that studio there and see what goes on in the weekend?
Yeah, I would like that
Because Josh was describing to me this morning when we were finally able to communicate after about 10 or 15 minutes of like
I'm sitting here. Hello. They shut the pot off. Can anybody hear me? You know like that
It's the same old crap, Joe. It's the same old crap and that's because there's nobody doing nothing about it
That's the kind of place this is okay. Just get them building up
Just sell a lot of spots and that's all we care about don't pretend we're running a radio station because we're not in fact
Look at those numbers at certain day parts, but nevertheless
Here's today's pull what's your biggest regret? Thanks by the way to um
Sean our good friend pull Sean who sends in his a poll suggestions
I thought that they were pretty crappy, but then I looked at this one again. I added a few of my own
I thought this is pretty good. Not a bad pull right too bad what
What's your biggest regret?
600 eight votes. We are gotta low star. We may not make our thousand today, you know, oh, we'll get my doubts
Well, thanks giving weak lot of people are traveling now
And I put this on there. I don't know kind of late about
eight kind of late
The ass I miss 224 is winning overwhelming. That was what I voted of course meaning not necessarily ask
Literally rectum, but you know in some case
Sex all the potential hanky-panky that I could have done if I'd known them what I know now and I certainly didn't
Damn it. The ass I missed 224 never went to college 70 s6. Don't feel bad about that highly overrated going to college highly overrated
I hate this poll 65 10.6% way too high. This is a good poll today you idiots
Uh never found true love 62 boys that make you want to get out of violin and just you can just see the tears on the bow of the violin
Where's that rosin?
Give her a rosin up a violin bow. I'm sure you need to want to do it not lately. No it's a little bit gay
Uh, getting married 59 bad mistake. Don't do it. Don't do it
We should have been a better person 58 and I can understand with many of you in that case
Was the lousy son or daughter 24 never bought a house 23
Should have probably put on there never stole a freight train
Uh, having kids 11 bad mistake and there are a lot of idiots reproducing out there
It's a bad mistake not just for them but for society in general for the world as we knew it. I'm not sure the infamous vote on your poll
I have no regrets
That would be good. I have none. Yeah, that would be fine
People out there who are perfect who live the perfect very happy life never had any okay
Put it on and didn't graduate high school only six well no comment
Listen like I said there are a lot of self-made people out there at least five or ten
This business said well, you got to go to college and get a good education
There's some things in life like you think you learned this by going to college this crap that I'm doing
I'm doing okay. I have no complaints
I'm doing fairly well
Went to Michigan State for about five minutes. I was there for two years went to how many classes would you say in two years?
That's a little bit high but something like that drank a lot of beer though a lot of mysterbrow
And saw a lot of football games and hockey games
All right
Didn't go to no basketball games don't that's a shame because maybe clearance was broadcast human
I could have liked I did go to a couple of basketball games don't ask me why
But that's because art swarm played for Michigan State back then and boy he was sure a pretty guy
See that's the reason we go to a basketball art swarm warmed up. Arche warm made me warm
1013 at 560 WQM you're totally
Discombobulated station, but I'm gonna tell you I'm I may fly it on here and just I'm gonna hire a hitman
I just have them beat the snot out of clearance
Only in the banana republic, baby only in Miami. You know, that's a nice watch your way
Glossier's almost thought toward and did you know that Joe is
Jose yes, and George is a
Respect will be aired in Miami. We must approach tender to be his panic community
That's right for day out of town agency
When sook, Miami businesses to advertise their products and services in a degrading stereotype
Listen
That is
Of course this must be the type of music. Oh
Ladies under radio spot and you're certain to attract your attention about human
Yes, yes, yes, yes, you know, I can say what you're naming human
Really? Let's hear it.
That's a holey
1019 at 560 we got McGill and you to translate for this week we're gonna play a lot of those
Julio bits
Having so Michael Richards from what's the stupid show that he's on?
Well, he was on Seinfeld. Oh, that's right. He used to be on Seinfeld
Which he like I said stupid show that I never watched
And now he's on some other stupid show. What is it? I have no idea. I'm a
He got a big I beg your pardon that was the character he played. That's right. Oh, I see
I never watched time so I watched it once that was more than enough for me
But he got into a big thing over some stand-up comedy acted in the LA and used the inward and got all been out of shape
Because some dark complex it guys in the audience started to give him a bunch of crap
And you're not so funny and blah blah and so he got carried away and walked stormed off the stage
And now there's a big to do about that anybody care no
I don't if he walked in right now
I would have no idea who that is because I'm out of touch
And you know what I'm glad to be out of touch. Just like these crazy people with their PlayStation 3
Everywhere in North America not just in the US, but here in Canada two way same crap
Crazy people knocking each other over shooting people in line
Because they got to get their ps3 and their we the we came out yesterday
But that's kind of a we think compared to ps3 we we and they're not buying it because they want to have it for their kids
Or for themselves or whatever in most cases
They're buying it so they can make a profit off at a quick few thousand on eBay
There's a buying him for five or six hundred and then they're selling him now. They're going for 11 to 18,000 on eBay up here
11 to 18,000 you can buy a car for that amount of money. So I want for 30,000
But third man
And what kind of a moron spends 30,000 on a PlayStation 3 somebody with obviously way too much money
yes
A holes every single one of them if I sound a little bit that parked off this morning because I am
I really am. I'm on P.O. with this crap. It's the same. It just wears you out. That's what this station does to you
That's what this business does but especially this place one pork off to I mean bacon
I already had mine they they absolutely refused to you know to deal with like a like a business
This is like some kind of a game with them. Well, that's right. How about the game? Whatever the game is
It's all about the game. I forgot sorry
Well, look at this the right-hand column of this story is chopped off Miguel thinking ah that's good
It'll teach you to be reading all that crap on here too bad
I don't know how to pray what that's it. I don't know how to pray
Americans would have to sign up for a new military draft after turning 18 if the incoming chairman of the House
Ways and Means Committee New York Democratic Representative Charles Wrangles said Sunday gets his way
He sees his ideas away to detour politicians from launching wars
There's no question in my mind that this president and this administration would never have invaded Iraq especially on the flimsy evidence
If we'd had a draft the members of Congress and the administration thought their kids in their communities would be placed in harm's way
He said
Wrangles veteran of the Korean War is unsuccessfully sponsored legislation on prescription in the past said he'll propose a something
It's chopped off on a right
So the hell would you know I mean just what we need is to have the draft back
Maybe that might wake some bastards up though. I think I think you may have a good point there nice going Charlie
I like Charlie a lot but nevertheless
Speaking of people I like a lot it was a good week for the Brady's this weekend Tom Brady through four touchdown passes yesterday
Against the pathetic Green Bay Packers right there in Green Bay in Lambo field and Brady Quinn at a big day against another girls team against Air Force
What do you throw about 85 touchdown passes against Air Force for Notre Dame on Saturday?
No, it was Air Force you better get your Notre Dame football straight now mister or Clarins is gonna come in there and give you a weapon
Army my ass
I'll look it up. I think it was Army. I'm gonna tell you right now. It was Air Force the Marines
It's like about how do I eat this enough?
How about that all-how-stead Michigan game I missed it
When I must have been unbelievable, huh? I saw the highlight it was a good game
Well, I'll start talking about sports now you idiot
My bag. How about Notre Dame? Yeah, it was Army wasn't
No, it was not
Boy you are. Yeah, it's it's a one thing bad enough to have George there who I thought was the biggest hard-ass in the world
But you're learning from him obviously
I mean as much as you know George is wonderful and all the other things the fact that the matter is he is the worst hard-ass
You can't argue with him no wonder his wife would like to stab him with a ballpoint pen
Well, I will say that he was right about the little argument you guys were having but I agree with you
About what that he's a hard-ass
He was right about what oh he was right about you guys straight guys in here
Yeah, you know a lot of women these days they're not down with that so to speak
Uh, they won't they won't give you the time of day unless you're a clean cut if you will time of what gay
Hey
Anyway, where the hell is the score football season but a beep but a boop but a bob Michael Rosenberg Notre Dame stinks look at that
Ha ha ha ha ha ha I'm just a Google didn't here's here's one. It says Notre Dame stinks
Okay, Notre Dame football is what I was looking for Christ
Wait a minute
Jesus Christ
I don't allow waste in my time with this because I know it was Air Force, okay?
Okay, let's just go with that. No, I'm not going with it. I want the score. I'd look at
myself, but I'm trying, but you know how their connection is down here. Yes, it's weak.
So everything else in that place, it's really weak. Let's see. Notedame Firety Irish,
the official athletic site. Okay, here we go. That'll happen. Here's the week by week
scores. Air Force 13917, they meet Air Force on Saturday. Okay, Schmuck. Okay, there you go.
Had a way to give the audience all aggravated and waste all of that time because like I said,
wait a minute, wait a minute. What did you just say? What was that score? 3917. Okay.
They said 139. 39 for Notre Dame. 17 for Air Force. Another one was there was played
those military schools like Navy and Army, which once upon a time Navy was pretty good.
Well, Roger Staubach played there a hundred years ago. Yeah, a hundred years ago.
I remember as a kid, always every year watching the Army and Navy game. And now that I look
back on it, I mean, why? Who the hell cares about those teams? Yeah, now it's like watching
like junior high teams going there. Exactly. Like watching Little League game. But nevertheless,
that's what we had. So that's what you'd watch. They put on their like on Thanksgiving
day. People be watching the Lions and the dolphins to really horse ball teams. Oh, you're
wrong, Neil. The dolphins are they won three in a row now. And I'm going to bless down
here again. Don't you know? I beg your pardon. We are blessed down here again. Are we blessed?
I thought the king lost a Virginia on Saturday. Well, the dolphins have one. I thought the
keens are five and six. And now they're talking about Steve Spurrier. That's the rumor
they're starting. No, he's going to leave South Carolina. We're talking sports again.
Okay. Now they took a dump on those rumors. I beg your pardon. Steve Spurrier declined.
Yeah, he said El Paso. And who the hell wouldn't say El Paso? I'm going to tell you right
now. The university of Miami is like an anti-Christ institution. Ignorance take about it. They're
the anti-Christ. Everybody connected with it. There's sports programs, Paul, these,
uh, Donna, Shalaley, the whole thing. El Antiquisto. I'm telling you right now. And his
phony is a $42.5 bill. What was who the hell did they play? Where they had about 15
people there? They had one crowd. Who was it? Rutgers or somebody? Some of the, one of
their little girls teams. Uh, no, they didn't play Rutgers or something. Well, whoever the hell
they played, I had some. I see how many people go on Thanksgiving. I'm going with about 10,000
for Boston College. Yeah. Panthers and the Bruins tonight. Any interest? No. Now is that
game? Oh, it's at Boston. So I guess you're not going to be going. Oh, going to be honest with
that. Rather be going to that. I'd like to be in Boston. Eating my brains, uh, having some of
that great Boston food. Man, that's, yet to go. My, my, my good stuff. 662 votes. I don't think
we'll make a thousand of it. That would be really bad. It's my bad for not putting it on
there soon enough. Sorry, Eric. My bad. Not that he cares. He could care less. He's like,
George, he couldn't care less. So we get like one vote or a million votes. What does he
cares? He making any money off of it? No. No. 662 votes. The biggest regret by far over a third
the ass I missed, all the action. If I would have known them, what I know now, you know,
isn't that what life is really all about? Wouldn't you say? Pretty much.
And I have no regrets. We've already got five. What an excellent choice. Five people out there
who are absolutely perfect. The biggest name of best talent. This is Leo Rogers,
sports radio 560.
You A.M.
All right, guys.
Big bow.
Do you feel depressed? Are you sick of the Miami dolphins?
Uh-huh. Do you want something a little exciting for a change?
HELLO!
Did you guys start watching the Miami hurricane?
Ha ha. Yo, it's a football game. A boxing man and a ride all wrapped up in one.
Even all it knows is that down with the cars.
All right, that's what I'm talking about.
You coming to our house? You should get your behind-kick.
You don't come in the O.O.B. playing that stuff. You're across the ocean over there.
You're across the city. You can't come over to our place talking to us like that.
You can just flip me. I was not good on the elevating but in that...
No! So if you want real entertainment, check out the Miami hurricane.
Ain't fair ride, baby.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
Anyway, uh, I know they played an army on Saturday. I told you.
Oh, look at that, huh?
The week before they played here, for some kick their ass.
Well, you're living in the past.
Well, I'm just out of touch. I didn't watch it.
You think I would watch a game like that?
Oh, you think I did? I just saw the score while I was watching the...
A few minutes after leading Notre Dame to a 41-9 route of army on Saturday,
quarterback Brady Quinn went over to the student section and joined the cheers.
Beat SC, beat SC, Quinn shouted, pumping his arm to keep the fans rhythm.
He was pumping it.
Notre Dame coach Charlie Weissig,
we'd read it with a message, but out of the...
They could have been louder.
What a clown, Charlie.
Do I have another sandwich?
The fighting Irish won their eighth straight to set up next weekend,
showed on at number four Southern Cal,
where a win would give Notre Dame a chance of playing Ohio State
in the BCS National Title Game January.
The Ohio State would kick their ass.
I'll tell you that right now.
Wouldn't it be close?
The win over army was the last home game for Quinn and the rest of Notre Dame.
Seen years ago it was on its sports crap, okay?
Well, we're doing that because obviously we're on a sports station.
Still check my Yahoo email there and then get a response from your buddy Joe Bell.
And I'm not holding my breath, not expecting one.
You know, if you look back at his tenure at this radio station,
first of all, they put him in charge of power for a very short while,
and then had to bring Greg back in because power went through it into the toilet.
Although I think we can play Tanner for that.
You know, Miss Tanner?
Gay.
Because you put a lot of rigatoning music on over there at power,
their numbers are sliding.
Although, numbers over here have been sliding too ever since Joe Bell came to town.
Well, I didn't come to town, but came over on this side of the building from kiss
from down the street away.
Our numbers and they sat there like they were paralyzed month after month after month.
And if we have any kind of a problem,
no matter what is, they just ignore us.
That's the Motosophoranda with this new crew.
They just, whether it's Chris Jones, the sales guy,
whether it's a programming, the only just ignore us like we don't exist.
Maybe they're hoping you'll forget.
Or maybe I'll just go back to bed and let you guys do the show.
How's that?
Maybe that'll get the message across to this nerd.
No response to my email.
Let me say maybe a year from next circus,
maybe I'll get a response, but I doubt it.
680 votes on the pool.
I totally noted they beat army on Saturday.
Air Force was the week before.
You're way behind.
And you're also incorrect what you said about George,
because the argument wasn't about whether guys trimmed their private.
That wasn't the argument.
I'm not just talking about that.
The argument was he made this statement that young guys like,
Osay 18 to 25, who are heralists must shave their body,
their chest, their whatever.
And that's bullcrap.
There are millions and millions of young guys
who don't have any hair in their upper body.
Of course, but there's evolution, baby.
And he is just intractable and immovable.
No, there are millions and millions of guys 18 to 25
that do shave their chest and arms.
Yeah, well good for them.
And if I find one of them, I'm going to look him right in the eye and say,
you're fair.
All depending on what he looks like.
Can I tell you a little, I'll tell you a little,
a fact stories matter.
Fact well, it's not a fact story, but it's just, you know, me.
Gate.
Yeah.
So I'm sitting there, I would buy in the other day, playing my machine.
And along comes this, I don't know whether they were attending or whatever,
because they were speaking in some foreign language.
And I usually pick up my attending when I hear it.
But it's, I don't know, unless it was some kind of strange dialect.
Maybe they're from St. Chilia or somewhere, I don't know.
To make a long story short, so they like grabbing three machines
and playing next to each other.
Now the one was obviously the mother, the old lady.
And then there was another one that looked like, she almost looked like a guy,
one of them, a homeliest, not ugly, but homely.
You know what I mean?
I know.
When a woman is homely, look like a, like a washer woman,
just really nasty looking.
And then there was a hot young guy who wanted to play in the machine next to me,
tiny, and guy or whatever he was.
Then I wouldn't care what he was.
So anyway, I'm sitting there and I'm getting like a nervous,
because it just, yeah, I'm looking out of the corner of my eye,
like a missfully with Sam thinking,
like that, you know.
So anyway, after quite a while, after about an hour of this,
so the one that was the washer woman looking one,
she comes over and she's like, standing behind this kid that's sitting next to me.
And now she's got her hands on her shoulders.
And obviously, you know,
and then he puts his head up in the ear and she reaches over and kisses him on the lips.
And I thought, oh, Jesus, yeah.
Oh, that's the girlfriend.
Maybe the wife, there were no rings on.
Nevertheless, it could have been who knows.
It's the lady friend.
I mean, I realize, looks aren't everything.
Otherwise, there are a lot of us being big trouble, but my God.
I mean, Jesus, she looked like
something I dropped in a bowl this morning.
I mean, just unbelievable.
Perotum.
Perotum.
Couple of notches below the guy.
Many, many notches.
He was many notches below Robert Giepper, okay?
She was nasty.
And I thought to myself, how is this possible, okay, that anybody?
But, you know, maybe they're from some foreign country where the women are all real ugly.
I know Mama wasn't too much.
Mama was nasty.
And then Mama hit a thousand on the wheel.
I thought to myself, you nasty old bitch.
Anyway, it wasn't a great story, but it was a story, you know.
Oh, sure.
Just more aggravation.
And I'm thinking to myself, what a waste.
What a total waste.
You bitch get out of here.
I think it just mad because you wanted to rub his shoulders.
I would like that.
Or something.
685 votes on the pool.
We're not going to get to a thousand today.
I'm going back to bed.
I'm so sorry that I got out of bed this morning.
You know, I just had a feeling.
Because I noticed last night there was no audio coming through from down there.
And once again, somebody,
what do you think after all this time
that they'd stop doing that?
No.
You mean, turning up the podcast,
that says, always leave this part odd?
Yeah, that's the one.
And wouldn't you think that there'd be somebody in charge
who would make sure that they stopped doing that
and find out what the other problem is?
But there is nobody in charge.
This is like, it's like a runaway freight train.
And there's no conductor.
And we're wishing somebody would steal this freight train
because it's the only way anybody is in the stop it.
There is no conductor.
There is nobody running the joint.
In our illustrious program, director,
clearance, aka Josh Darrell,
he's, uh, nobody knows where the hell he is.
Now, where the hell do they play yesterday?
The stupid ass basketball team?
I believe they were in Indiana.
You sure they didn't play Army?
They're in Indiana and he isn't back yet.
That I don't know.
What do you mean you don't know what?
I know he's not here.
He's not in the station.
Oh, listen, when you go to do a basketball game,
you've got to have at least two, three days off
and of course they played one game in the middle of last week.
So that's at least five or six days he's got to have off
then plus the weekend.
And this is Joe Bell's idea of a program director.
And the reason that Clarence Darrell
is still a program director is because he's got his head so far
of Joyce's ass over there in Naples
that it's going to come out of her ear one day.
Something's going to pop right out of her ear.
It's going to be Clarence's head.
They're just enchanted with him over there.
But anyone in the Y because he knows as much about radio as they do,
which is nothing.
They're in love with clearance because he's there lackey.
He's there anointed, appointed lackey.
So as a result, that's what we got.
Pop had death look what we got.
691 votes on the poll.
I think it's an excellent poll.
How's that I hate this poll coming?
10.2%.
71 votes I hate this poll.
Don't you guys think that's a pretty good poll?
I think so.
Not mine.
I'm not looking for any kudos.
It's Sean's.
Good job Sean.
What's your biggest regret?
I should put on their put in this poll up.
10% hate this poll.
The ass I'm as 254 all that hanky-panky
when I was younger could have had.
Could have been doing all kinds of good stuff.
Too late now.
That's one of my big regrettions that bitch at the end would buy in last night.
Oh god.
I mean, I can't describe you how gruesome she looks.
She was like the end of the world.
You wouldn't have touched her with a long ugly stick.
I'll let somebody beat you to it.
Never went to college 81.
I hate this poll.
72 up to 10.3%.
Now they're doing that just to get to me.
I think clearance is doing it.
He's probably tapping on it right now.
Wish I'd been a better person.
72 and I can understand in many of your cases why.
Getting married 67 bad mistake.
Never found true love 66.
Oh.
That's not break your heart.
Never bought a house.
Look how many never bought a house.
About third man.
Don't do it.
You regret that too.
Was a lousy son or daughter 27.
Having kids 11.
I have none eight and didn't graduate high school only six.
Have no regrets.
Eighth.
Eighth people out there that we can only sit around and just wish we were them.
The biggest name of best talent to do this is wheel Rogers.
Force radio 560.
You A L.
Who call this big market radio?
No.
Wow.
Your fat ass is really comfortable.
Wow.
Your fat ass is doing wonders for my bad back.
Want to do something useful with your fat ass.
I can sleep on your fat ass all day.
Then why not put it to use?
And you don't mind if my girlfriend sits on your fat ass too do you?
As one of America's newest ask cushions put your fat ass to use for the airlines
and turn a coat seat into comfort class.
This is great.
By letting people sit on your fat ass you'll be helping to improve people's days
on the bus at the movie theater even at the park.
Mommy come both on this fat ass with me.
Put your fat ass to work today.
Receive hourly wages, help benefits and ho-hoes.
Call now and be proud to be a fat ass.
I already am 14 before 11 at 560 WQM.
We got mad dog at 2.
The power hour with Hank and the mad dog between 4 and 5.
Didn't I tell you and there's another thing because we had no program direct in the building.
And so on Friday I'm sitting here the whole time saying,
you managed it too yadi yadi and then we had to stir about
motion-beckler croat.
Yeah.
Did you notice that Curtis was on from 2 to 4?
No I didn't.
Yes.
Because mad dog didn't work because motion-beckler died.
And as a result he was his good buddy and he had to go,
who knows what he did?
Like candles or something or whatever.
Pay his respects.
But nobody bother telling us about that and I'm sitting here again having no clue what's
going on.
And that's because we have nobody in charge, Joel Bell.
We have nobody running the programming interview radio station.
You silly person, you clown.
You fair.
God.
Anyway, power hour with the Hank and the mad dog at 4.
I'm assuming I don't know if he's back or not.
And of course we have no PD to change the schedule even if he's not.
You know what I'm saying?
We don't know.
Hank, 5 to 6.30, a tough hour and a half by himself.
And then the Panther preview at 6.30.
Panthers at the Bruins at 7 o'clock in the decay after the Hockey game.
For years, charities have rattled off everything from stakes and gifts as if it gets to cars
and houses to raise money.
Did I say rattled off, raffled off, whatever they've done.
Now the Florida lottery is turning to an old-fashioned raffle and the carrot it is dangling
is the best odds it's ever offered for a chance for you to win up to a million dollars.
You ready?
You interested?
I'm ready.
You won't be when you hear what this is.
Oh boy.
We're not talking about a dollar ticket, however.
Tickets for the holiday meeting near raffle will cost 20 bucks a piece,
though that's not expected to damp an interest as the Sun sentinel.
What?
20 bucks a ticket.
They went on sale six this morning.
The game is supposed to run through December 30th.
With a drawing on New Year's Day, but lottery officials expected tickets to run out
much earlier because only 1.25 million will be available.
Oh.
That's a handful of tickets compared to the 34 million sold in just four days in April
before two people shared an 87.9 million dollar lottery jackpot.
Of course those tickets sold for a bucket piece.
We're hoping that they're going to sell our fast lottery spokeswoman
Shalisha Durden said of holiday millionaire.
We don't think they'll last till December 30th.
If the interest shown by regular lottery players such as Alex Boussada
of Orlando provides any clue, they may not even last till Thanksgiving day,
which is only like three days away.
The odds are really good said Boussada, who typically spends 40 to 50 bucks twice a week
playing the lotto.
I think I'm going to spend like 300 bucks on it, he said.
Well that's 15 tickets, big deal.
Lottery officials expect the biggest attraction to be in the unusually low odds.
Now wait to hear this.
The odds of running a million dollars are 1 in just 250,000
and 1 in 22 million, 957,000, 4 in 80 for a lotto jackpot.
1 in 250,000 compared to 1 in about 23 million.
Even winning the top prize of $500,000 in the $20
dollar sketch off game gold rush is a steep 1 in 2 and a half million.
10 holiday millionaire tickets are winning $1 million of piece
with 100 grand going to each of the next 20 tickets
and 10th grand going to the next 100 tickets each.
Based on all the tickets being sold at a little
generate $25 million with lottery paying out 13 million.
Odds are winning 100 grand at the new game are 1 in 62,500
while the odds are winning 10,000 are a mere 1 in 12,500.
Overall Odds are winning are 1 in just 9615.
Oh I'll take 100 tickets easy and Josh will pay for them.
The Raffle is patterned after similar games in Ohio and Pennsylvania
during the day and said both were successful.
If Florida is successful expect more versions of the Raffle she said.
Now it doesn't tell us here by the way if you're one of those millionaire
ruffings there be 10 millionaires whether they're going to give you the
million dollars in cash course you're going to have to pay taxes on it obviously
because in the states you've got to pay taxes even on your track winnings.
Right yeah I'm going to go with no and are they going to give it to you in one lump sum
or can you get an annuity on it like if you win the lottery you know like over the next
700 years they'll give you like $10 a year but it adds up like that really good bad.
This is the same state by the way where your current fat ass governor who luckily
in a couple months have begun your current fat ass governor is so negative on gambling
because it's so evil but a lot is a really good bet and the holiday thing is great.
725 votes on the pool I think we can make a thousand oh boy breathe the sigh relief
and guess what you know that email I sent yeah guess what
I'm going to go with you got a response no oh bad guess
and it was army not air not the merchant marines what's wrong with you
they beat the coast guard the week before whatever the score was I said 37 or whatever
right an army 41 to 9 does anybody care about that no no I hate Notre Dame like poison
I wish they would lose every game in every sport except of course well McDonald's latest bid to
attract more customers Muslim fast food lovers has caused an upper arm on customers
the fast food chain is introduced how all products at two Melbourne restaurants
significantly boosting sales that's not Melbourne Florida by the way don't get panicking now
that's Melbourne Australia however some non-Muslim customers are furious they were told
their hamburger meat was slaughtered and blessed in a court however some non-Muslim customers
are furious they were told their hamburger meat was slaughtered and blessed in accordance with
Islamic rules laid down in the Quran hope you like getting a kosher meal and then the
not being told it was kosher before you did like who the hell what what difference does it make
why would you be furious hello I'll meet this from animals that have been killed facing mecca
and blessed using the name of Allah facing mecca Mr. Yakub said the store doesn't tell drive
through customers about the change and has only one small sign inside advertising the move
cobert resident murray mcclenna was stunned to discover the hamburger she bought from the
brunzic east door was blessed just as a Muslim would want to eat anything that isn't halal
I should have my right to the normal ordinary food that hasn't been blessed she said
I think they had a curse her food that bitch she wants the food that hasn't been blessed with the
cow facing the other direction yeah well her ass rectum a cantler church spokeswoman spokesman
said non Muslims deserve to know if the food was halal before buying but he said there was no
biblical reason for Christians to avoid halal food it's it's okay for goyem
and McAllen spokeswoman said customers who didn't want halal food should buy from any of its
other stories there you go go to some other Mickey B's okay if you want tray food if you want
to burn in hell cuz you're from a cow that had its ass face toward mecca or something like that
or they put a big squat in mecca isn't that something they have to be slaughtered facing mecca
and it's just like the kosher food the same thing like kosher chickens and arabi has to like do a
brookh or i don't know baruchata whatever just just silly crap but it's the whole world is like that you know
yes Scott Schuster has a really good idea he says put impeachment back on the table you go
Scott he's a progressive communist having written for wad 40 dot com since may of 2005
what the hell is wad well we don't know and i don't care it's on this murking chimp
oh josh by the way wants to apologize he was out of town this weekend
oh no no no apologize that wasn't my fault but yeah who's fault was it well it was nobody there was
a problem with the file transfer program that uploads the stories um yeah and uh Eric got that
fixed and we were uh so on saturday when was it saturday was it for yesterday now it's that yesterday
what i'm sorry yeah no it's for yesterday right because almost nobody read the stories yesterday look
at 63 people read the most read the story in the least 11 so you went through all of that work and i
went through all of that work to send all those stories so that just a handful you could fit them
in that room right there well go read them now everybody yeah go read the ones from yesterday
why do we do ones from today okay because uh josh apologist for uh and again it wasn't his fault
he was trying to do the best to do his duty but he screwed up i mean it was uh our somebody's fault
scotch Houston says as much as i've despised the bush neo conservative cabal in the white house
over the past six years i was truly taking the weight and see approach in terms of president
bushes behavior in the post eleven seven world i was right there with speaker elect Pelosi that the
new democrat controlled congress should progress forward with initiatives that'll help the american
people rather than bog congress now with nonstop impeachment hearings that might make the democrats
look vindictive and possibly even risked the chances of capturing the white house in oh eight
even in my last article scot says i was advocating your cautious approach i was willing to give
the president the benefit of the doubt a chance to realign himself to the mandate of the american people
i was willing to wait and see what he did for the democrats but legislation in front of him the
sign that he's sufficiently opposed such as raising the minimum wage or federal spending on
embryonic stem cell research would he finally sharpen his veto pencil or concede to the will of
american people in the last nine days since the election bush's behavior has made it such that i
must advocate for impeachment as soon as possible this special iraq report from the uk's guardian
is clear to the straw that broke my camels back for the umpteenth time the american people are
clearly spoken that we are not in favor of continuing to field this disgrace in iraq
it bush is now preparing to send in twenty thousand more troops for one last big push
the last time bush increased troops strength in iraq the level of violence and body counts all rows
duh all he did was give more targets if george w bush had any common sense which we know he doesn't
he would listen to all the experts telling him that the solution to this crisis is political not
military the solution to this crisis is to resolve the problems not waited out so you can declare
victory all the while laying down a blanket of divisiveness with rhetoric of evil enemies and winning
clearly george w bush is not the man to resolve this problem his arrogance will not allow him
to change his strategy because in his mind that would be defeat no more mr. nice guy for me i say
impeach this bastard and his evil vice president so that this world can move on impeach this bastard
we can't wait another two years to scotch sister and i say absolutely correct sir let's get on it
a good as Barack Obama on CNN he sees him a lot of a press time star a month but a week but a
move about that's your nice president tell you right now i guess both of you probably doubt that
i do you doubt it yes what about you Miguel and Barack in uh two thousand eight
not yet you'll see and by the way it wasn't air force it was army the biggest
of the violent this is neo-roger sports radio five sixty issue a
am this is the neo-roger show this is your brain
any questions
making up we're bradjit niels and inflate the play of left off it's vh1's newest reality show
stranger love with George w bush and john caring hey john uh unit very handsome tonight
why thank you George and you look absolutely win some well you win some and you lose some
i love a man with a sense of humor what do you say we give him the lights and play a little
love oograve i get the leash it's all on the next episode of vh1's stranger love so i got an
email response finally from your general manger joe bell so somebody here somewhere in the mix
full of crap and of course his unit was probably clearance now let's find out from Miguel did
somebody tell you that you were supposed to be there today through wednesday no because the
message i got was that uh clearance had already talked to uh Josh quarters and Miguel
about the fact Miguel was going to be there today tomorrow and wednesday and of course on friday
obviously no just friday so in other words there hadn't been any arrangements for anybody to be
there today is that what you guys are telling me is that what you're saying is that clearance is
full of crap as usual uh that's saying that either maybe there was a misunderstanding uh maybe
because i said that mcgel was coming in on friday because i'm not going to be here yeah uh he
thought that mcgel was doing the entire week now that's not what the email says okay but nevertheless
i don't want to say that clearance is full of crap and that he's like losing it because he's got
other more important priorities like hurry cane basketball as opposed to being the program director
and that joe bell no matter what clearance tells him is always going to say oh well clearance told me
that's you know that's what we're dealing with here it's a hopeless situation so you know what
good luck to both of them 1103 at five sixty wqm i'm just uh it's just unacceptable as one of
this you know the audience is saying what let's see bitching about again today what's going on over
it i wish tell we knew okay you know guy goes on vacation George works as soft he you know being a
hard ass he has services vacation time like anybody else and so you know as a result we need to
have somebody in there play the spots and sit there and uh you know sing Cuban melodies to himself
yeah there he goes William Odom in the Madison Capitol Times says cut and run must be the first step
in a rack i'm just gonna i'm gonna go to plow through these a bedtime stories we're gonna be like
5,000 today you know how away so you're gonna you're gonna be there tomorrow and Wednesday Miguel
that's what the clearance is he told you already to both you guys that okay sure and as usual he's
full of crap no problem because i see the way it worked this morning is that there wasn't gonna be
anybody there because uh Josh had a call Miguel to get his ass in there because clearance is too
busy with this you and basketball crap i say let's take you and basketball and flush it down to
the toilet what do you say flush it fast now let's see what do we got the next game is he gonna be
leaving town again today maybe they'll have a home game coming up next wow let me tell you
oh we got hurricane hoops on Saturday you and Lafayette that you get a tremendous tune in
your audience you aim in Lafayette woo heavy heavy duty what the hell is Lafayette it's a college
waiting moment by the way is Air Force cut and run must be the first step in a rack he says the
us upset the regional balance in the mid east when it invaded a rack restoring it requires bold
initiatives but cutting and running must precede them all only it would draw all of all US troops
within six months of with no preconditions can break the paralysis that infeebles our diplomacy
and the greatest obstacles to cutting and running are the psychological inhibitions of our leaders
in the public our leaders don't act because the reputations are at stake the public doesn't force
them to whack because it's blinded by the president's conjured set of illusions that we're reducing
terrorism by fighting an Iraq creating democracy there preventing the spread of nuclear weapons
making Israel more secure not allowing our fallen soldiers to have died in vain and others
but reality no longer can be avoided it's beyond US power to prevent sectarian violence in a
rack the growing influence of Iran throughout the region the probable spread of Sunni Shiites
strived in neighboring Arab states the eventual rise to power of the anti-American cleric
Moktada al-Sadir or some other anti-American leader in Baghdad and the spread of instability beyond
Iraq these realities get worse every day that our forces stay in Iraq they can't be wished
away by clever diplomacy or by leaving our forces in Iraq for several more years the administration
could recognize that a rapid withdrawal is the only way to overcome our strategic paralysis
kind of reminds me of what's going on at QA it's like a paralysis although that appears unlikely
he says congress could force us stock taking failing this the public sooner or later we'll see
through all the White House's double talk and compel our radical policy change the price for
delay however will be more lives lost in vain some lawmakers are ready to change course but our
puzzled is how to leave Iraq the answer is four major initiatives to provide regional stability
in calm in Iraq they'll leave the U.S. less influential in the region but it'll be the best deal
we can get first the U.S. must conceive that it is botched things cannot stabilize the region alone
and must let others have a say in what's next as U.S. forces begin to withdraw
Washington must invite its European allies as well as Japan China and India to make their own
proposals for dealing with the aftermath rushing to be ignored because it'll play a spoiler role
in any case rapid troop withdrawal and abandoning unilateralism will have a sobering effect in all
interested parties al-Qaeda will celebrate but find that only its current allies and Iraqi
bathists and Sunnis no longer need or want it Iraq will crow but soon begin to worry that
its Kurdish minority may want to join Iraqi Kurdistan and their Iraqi bathists might make his
a prize and come back I think all of them need a good bath although European leaders will probably
try to take the lead in designing a new strategy for Iraq they won't be able to implement it this
is because they won't allow any single European state to lead the handicap they faced in trying to
cope with U.S. lobbyists break up in the 1990s normal Japan China or India be acceptable as a new
coalition leader the U.S. could end up as the leader of a new strategic coalition but only if most
other states invited to do so the second initiative is to create a diplomatic forum for Iraq's
neighbors Iran of course must be included Washington should offer to convene the forum but must
be prepared to step aside if other members insist and third the U.S. must informally cooperate
with Iran in areas of shared interest nothing else could sue and improve our position in the
Middle East the price for success will include dropping U.S. resistance to Iran's nuclear weapons
this will be as distasteful for U.S. leaders as cutting and running but it's no less essential
that's because we do share vital common interests with Iran we both both wanted to feed al-Qaeda and
the Taliban Iran hates both of them we both wants stability in Iraq Iran will have influence
over the Shia Iraqi South regardless of what we do but neither Washington nor to Iran wants chaos
and we can help each other when it comes to oil Iran needs our technology to produce more oil
than we simply need more oil by the way you notice just one of the thanks giving holidays getting
here now that the elections over gas prices are going up again just a coincidence
yes they are accepting Iran's nuclear weapons is a small price to pay for likely benefits
more over its nuclear program will proceed whether we like it or not accepting it might well
soften Iran's support for his volatile definitely undercut Russia's pernicious influence with
Iran and fourth real progress must be made on the Palestinian issue as a foundation for Middle
East peace the invasion of Iraq and the U.S. tilt toward Israel have dangerously reduced Washington's
power to broker peace or to guarantee Israel security we now need Europe's help and good
relations with Iran would help dramatically no strategy can succeed without these components
we must cut and run tactically in order to succeed strategically the U.S. needs to restore
it restore its reputation so that its capacity to lead constructively will cost us less
says William Odom senior fellow with the Hudson Institute and a professor at Yale University
where some guys get a gentleman's seat I don't want to mention no names
so basically what you guys are telling me is that the clearance is full of crap
so what you tell me I just want to make sure I get that okay before I respond to that last
in sympathy mail that's your interpretation yes well what do you mean by that because we said
no such thing what what did you say I went and spelled out for me again I said there was probably
a little confusion over me saying that Miguel is coming in by that what a couple of real whims
me me me nobody's got any balls in his damn station except a couple of us might me being one
762 votes on our poll today in a great poll if I do say from Sean what's your biggest regret
762 votes the ass I missed when 281 along the way all the action I missed the ass is so crass
you know but that's Sean you know that was his a verbiage ass maybe he's got an obsession with
the back of ass see if a straight guy says something about ass then of course it's like we know
exactly what that is but if somebody who's gay you know right away conjures up that image you know I'm
saying yeah never went to college 89 wish I'd been a better person 77 I hate this poll 73 down to
9.5 percent well isn't that sweet huh that a 9.5 percent I never found true love 72 getting married
69 never bought a house 32 was a lousy son or daughter 29 I have no regrets 23 we are so envious
of those people is aren't we and we also think they're full of crap you know regrets can you imagine
living I mean I mean maybe if you're like five years old cut the crap and don't didn't graduate
high school only six well you think this intellectual crowd we don't have people graduate high school
I'm on let's get serious let's get real okay let's get real that's what I'm telling you Joe
well let's get real but it's never gonna happen because he takes all his marching orders from
clearance there's the guy clearance and Robert Creaver and the beast those of this the
Trambert that's running the radio station which is why we're down to like fractions in certain
day parts and of course it only took them what nine or ten months before they finally straighten
the schedule out and got some of that swill off here but nevertheless it doesn't make any
difference because we all get paid on payday so what am I getting so excited about right am I right
if you are just calm down don't get all whipped up and bent out of shape just because clearance is
in it would because we're going to be going through a month of this anyway and obviously there's no
interest whatsoever on the part of management to do anything about it the fact that we're like
stepchildren the rest of the week and clearance is this and clearance said that but it beat but it
goes on some people marched with a different drummer if you're going to march take care of your
feet man you know yesterday we had the Santa parade here aren't you excited aren't you depressed you
miss that oh yeah probably one of your great regress as you missed the Santa parade it's an annual
vote for a hundred two years have been doing that sure glad I missed that
but we do give one to spin the line to get the baby from Africa is currently 22 years long
much like the line to get on a four oh six lines unless you are a general for understand
then you can use this celebrity drive through window and order up whatever you need
come to Africa where the weather is hot and dry and the babies don't hardly cry probably because
we give them the camel milk which seems to quiet them it's easy to get the baby in Africa unless
you are an average symbol or move or in your country how you say decor chain but if you are
these are given the but an order or tempest blood so it's no problem come to Africa
where some people question why we only give babies to famous people and that they want
else as to wait until the rice fall out we say this to you in some business let's say you are
an accountant you would much rather have the business of meatloaf then say Ralph from Carnegie
New Jersey see that's okay come to Africa take and come to Africa land mass come to Africa
Jim McGrady come to Africa drummer of Ben cutting crew we give you the baby no questions as
but if you're not famous your life for the baby starts in Portugal and please no cutting in line
I will suit you he says been a message from the trip away we are again a dog so I responded to
Joe Bell's email I said another one very brief into the point I said I give up and I said
that Josh and Miguel both said that Clarence is a compulsive liar who should rot in hell
right in the city well that's nice it's not exactly the way you said I'm just paraphrasing
I just do give up I'll give up Joe okay you and Clarence have a great life together okay
obviously they got a little something going you know remember Henry Kissinger that evil doer
who's a wanted from murder military victory is no lie and this is the guy that was consulting
we found out from the Woodward book that was consulting with Bush and Cheney on a regular basis
military victory is no longer possible in Iraq former secretary of state Henry Kissinger said
in a TV interview broadcast yesterday a lunatic Kissinger presented a bleak vision of Iraq saying
the West government must enter into dialogue with Iraq's regional neighbors including Iran
it progresses to be made in the region if you mean by military victory in a Iraqi government
yet that can be established and whose writ runs across the whole country that gets the civil
wonder control and sectarian violence and the control and time period that the political processes
of the democracies will support I don't believe that's possibly told the BBC
but Kissinger in architect of the Vietnam more is advised president Bush about Iraq warred
against the rapid withdrawal of coalition troops saying it could destabilize the rights neighbors
and cause a lost long lasting conflict this is the same Henry Kissinger said the only possible
exit strategy was victory and now it says victory is no longer possible in Iraq uh-huh
a dramatic collapse of Iraq whatever we think about how the situation was created
would have disastrous consequences for which we would pay for many years and which would bring us
back one way or another into the region he said Kissinger's whose views have been sought by the
together the permanent members of the UN Security Council, Erakshin neighbors including Iran
and regional powers like Indian Pakistan to work out a way forward for the region
I think we have to redefine the course but I don't think the alternative is between military
victory is defined previously or total withdrawal he said in other words
the same architect of the nightmare in Vietnam that sounds very good to me did such a good job
there and live through a city of american people about Cambodia and all the other
thousands and millions of people who have got slaughtered one of the great butchers of all time
they're consulting him on how we bring this to a conclusion of course and perhaps the most
effective act of nonviolent protest in the six year Palestinian uprising hundreds of gasses
forced Israel over the weekend to call off air strikes on the residents of a militant leader by
swarming the house's human shields in recent months his radio security forces have used telephone
calls to warn Palestinian Palestinian militants and others new religious militants safe houses and
weapons caches giving them up to a half an hour to evacuate sometimes you need a half an hour to
evacuate you know it especially if you had like a big thanksgiving meal the night before
when militia leader Mohammed Barud got to call Saturday on Shabbos no less he enlisted
neighbors to protect his house from the Israeli military they've now set up a system of shifts
to protect the house around the clock Palestinian leaders are hailing this as a moral victory that
will be replicated if so it may herald a significant tactical shift from attacks by the
tiny secretive militant groups to nonviolent civilian protest a change that will force Israel
to adjust its strategy it also underscores the difficulty of fighting militant groups embedded
in the civilian population whether it be Iraq Afghanistan or Gaza the Palestinians are creative
and this is something amazing says my here mcdad a Fatah spokesman maybe in the past six years
of the in in Tafada the focus was on military resistance but we shouldn't deny the important
of peaceful resistance there's an importance increasingly peaceful struggle and Israeli army
spokesman spoke on condition of anonymity said the attack was scrapped after the military realized
that dozens of Palestinians were demonstrating on the roof of mr. Barud's home having back down
israel's military might have to rethink its methods of striking at militant targets israel's
army prefers attacking from the air to risk uh over to risking soldiers lives by sending infantry
and armored units on raids and the advanced warning of raids is meant to avoid civilian casualties
the Israeli military said yeah just like they didn't let's be an on with all those cluster bombs
avoid those civilian casualties at all cost baby but now less than two except to the killing of at
least 20 Palestinians in northern Gaza brought a storm of international criticism against Israel
this tactic may have backfired by creating the risk of even more innocent victims this is definitely
a problem says the army spokesman the reason why we weren't ahead is to avoid innocent injuries
instead they're using the warrant to do what they did yesterday we'll see how we can deal with it
he said all right let's kill them lightly is what i say kill all those uh militants lightly right
we got seven seventy seven by the way on the uh my space page aren't you proud of that that's
very good you got an old buddy on there too now who's that Rick
Rick Rick Shaw see what they're gonna say Rick Riley I thought you were in sarcastic Rick
Shaw's on our my space page right next to KJ one moment please
i'm looking it up oh look at that it was the army this week 41 to 9 hey didn't i tell you
you're full of crap i'm sure that clearance told both of you guys Miguel works Monday through
Wednesday and Friday not hey don't forget Thursday what about Thursday Thursday's thanks
giving me they are showing up on Thursday you know something i might not show up on Friday either
i might just not show up on Friday i'll just rerun the real pre-conference because i think
clearance filled me i don't have to work on Friday isn't that what he said oh seven 78 we got
another one now seven 78 that's really great clearance you should only rotten hell okay you
sniveling lunatic and anybody who uh associates with him okay now where do i find it
just look at your friend's list there and right next to KJ oh there's Rick Shaw Rick he
tick you i clicked on it and what does it say it says uh 68 years old he's older than i am
good god are you old Rick holy moly whoo
whoo
lives in for a lot of day rick is in your extended what does it say about me i had an amazing youth
being one of four i don't want to read the whole thing three boys and a girl
and it goes on i'm gonna read that during the break or maybe not i'm just pleased to know that
there's actually somebody on the year older than me in the market that's good although i'm not
re-upping man forget about those talks with normal okay geo i might i want no more part of you
in fact i still got two years and a couple of months to go i don't i don't think so
i'm thinking going out to whip mine every day for a couple of months to be a good idea you know
see in my um Italian friend oh man if you could just if you could even begin to imagine what i
was thinking when that nasty oh man this is like a good looking guy with a lagoon lagoon creature
is that yes okay yeah i mean i mean you know i mean he's just sitting there playing a machine next to
me you know it's not not like uh i'm got my hand on his leg or anything like that all it sounds
like a good idea but the run is uh a shoulder that could have walked away and said hey put my arms
on his shoulders and give him a little rub down and said hey good luck pali and like that you know
but here comes this nasty creepiness looking thing maybe she's got the money that could be it
that's a good way like i said good mood pali maybe she's got i'll know actually he kept giving her
the money she kept losing and he gave hand of another 20 another 20 the money you know maybe
you know you mean from her side of the family or a famed nice see maybe like in what's your code
in the movie a match point that's right although i got news for it sometimes you got to pull out a
shot gun or two the chicken married in match point was a phenomenal compared to this one
well i mean if you stepped in a bay a pile of cow manure okay and looked at the bottom of your
shoe that would be delectable compared to this chick i mean she was she invented ugly this broad
she looked like something from the stone age just bad really bad but nevertheless i listened
to reach its own and maybe she's really great in the sack or something the biggest name
well if you are an old timer and you don't want to get us high
there's a brand new wonder drug that's come along ask your grandson if you can use his
bomb my doctor just called me on the phone the elderly must get stolen well get stolen before
the early bird buffet you'll sit there and you'll eat yellow all day get stolen and drive
even slower in your car get stolen watch the jeopardy will a fortune hour does medicare cover home
the old very much get stolen i drive
let the thirty two five sixty w we got mad dog at two i think we have any definitive order on that
do we know is he back from the shambackler death the funeral whatever we know if he's on we don't
know see that that's another part of the puzzle is that we don't have a program director on
premises so we have no idea we didn't know that he wasn't going to be there on friday and we
don't know if he's going to be here today so stay tuned okay stick around and fight out all right
or not is the case maybe what do we want on your my space and I'm playing around can't stop playing
around with this click and drag George w did you see this big important somebody sent you a nice
click and drag George w and you might think a click it and drag it that's right ray a chronic oh
brother raise the guy from university dies that we always blame both can't perform must be one
of a kimbabwe buddies says you have getting married on the pull one out getting divorced well uh
you know snap your fingers ran there it is getting divorced got it got it added to our poll now
somebody faxes which i already seen this because i read jikas questions and answered every Sunday
because once in a great while there might be something about radio and this week there were two of
money like that so somebody faxes it to me like i needed this like a hole in the head like i
need like i need more silly emails like i got another email back from joe bell who says you know
we're gonna take care of that mess in the studio and by by how many years has that been now ever since
day one that we started that studio pretty much i mean you know i've been on the first day that we
sat down in that studio every Monday morning is like a living hell it's like Humpty Dumpty trying to
put the pieces back together again because you got a bunch of children in there over the weekend and
it's like the playroom the near Roger studio is the playroom and it coming here and they use that
to whatever we got like two games on at the same time what do we have on yesterday besides you and
basketball game that's it that they were doing out of here probably well why the hell did they
have to do it out of there why can't they do that out of the uh control room listen that's not a
question for me or for me to ask that's right we're just making trouble again there you guys go
again you guys are so much freaking trouble man but i've been told for the umpteenth time now that's
gonna be addressed and just like shutting the pot off to cut the audio off up here which
every time you think that there is you know it's finally over with and you get a little bit comfortable
all of a sudden oh surprise surprise bunch of children are right and that's basically what is
it's a little boy radio that's what you're dealing with when you're dealing with sports radio
and speaking of sports radio here's the question to a jikki yesterday
i hate to sit Rosenberg show on the ticket it says every other word from since mouth is new
york he never speaks kindly about the local sports team well who the hell would i want to hear
about sports not the constant new york this in new york that with an occasional male showmanistic
remark maybe you show it successful with the new york crowd but he's been here for some time now
so you think he would at least mention local high school team or event he gets on the people here
as being homers but he's got to be the biggest ex-own nearer chroma on the radio blue shambi is
also from new york but he doesn't come off as mr new york like cid does blue g is more professional
and sees the bigger picture i got news for a boob saw the bigger picture he'd be the radio voice
of the mess right now and get that out of that out of that market out of that station but nevertheless
so tamis answer is wait till you hear this your criticisms have a lily however
there are a lot of transplated new yorkers here we don't mind a break from the overkill of dolphin
talk elsewhere on the station it was disgraceful that the world series was joined in progress
so that the two are nightly dolphin talk show didn't have to be shortened
did you know they didn't end over there across the street sounds like them bush league just like us
once more as it is a professional broadcaster oh my god which is not the case with several hosts
on his station and its rivals wq ma m five sixty we have several unprofessional broadcasters
well i don't know long how that is why are you pardon that's what tamis says bottom line there
about eighty five stations in south florida sit turns you off turn him off that's what tamis says
and i would agree with that if you don't like him don't listen to him that's all i hate this
it Rosenberg shorts start cd and coke on a creek well turn it off okay whoever the hell you are
and quit with a belly ache it ma m m m m m
then the other one here that has to do with radio which is really shocking it says i was wondering
if you know what happened to Eric Brandon who used to be a dg on magic speaking of uh rich
on magic one oh two point seven email from jc tamis answer
erick got caught in a staff reduction at magic he's rebuilding his career starting with a fishing show
on wq m from seven to nine a m saturdays we have a fishing show with erick Brandon yes we do
i've seen him because i'm here on saturday is he good guy um i don't know i i always got a really
good fm voice erick Brandon yes he does he and his wife rossal were featured in a recent episode
of the abc reality show wife swap although erick feels the way he was represented and nothing
do with reality yeah i haven't seen that show you did and if that's the real erick Brandon which
i'm not saying it is because i don't know him but if it is he's a crazy person
well he's working for us isn't he yes he is well you should have already known that
so let's see we got getting divorced on there let me uh click the thing make sure that we got it
on there get ray all pass if i'd ray who's a chronic chronic factor god uh i don't see it
did we put getting divorced on the pool oh i didn't hit submit well you you have a really rough
weekend you know what i think you're a little off your feet this weekend in fact i wouldn't be
surprised if you're the one if Josh uh dero didn't tell you that uh Miguel was of course how
to how could he if he didn't tell Miguel as Miguel supposed to know like by automatic pilot
that he's supposed to come in today through wednesday it seems to me you had a call
Miguel today and beg and plead with him to come in i think that's what he said i don't want to sit
in there while the old man's reading all those stupid ass stories that's what he said that's what he said
that's the quote he hates this and you know what i could care less you know i'm not programming to you
i'm programming to a bunch of politically oriented old fossils okay you know what that reminds me of
speaking of people i look at in a casino you know i go and take a pee every now and then because
they keep feeding to those diet sodas and as i'm walking around and walking to the place and
there's people of all ages but yes there are many many old old crusty people like me that's lots
right there are lots and let me say it again many many young people of all ages but anyway
and i'll see something like nasty looking old fart you know i mean like a guy looks like really
sour look on his face like he hates life and maybe he's losing his ass whenever both
and i'll think to myself man what i'm miserable old fart and then i'm thinking to myself well he
probably thinks the same thing about me you know what i'm saying yeah probably is that is that
what old farts think about when they see other old farts i mean do you walk around with like the
sour push look on your face no i do not even if i'm losing my ass i just walk around kind of like
with a blank look on my face like uh you know well let me just like hey look at that old guy instead
of that old grumpy guy i do think that i still look at senior citizens as old
farts and of course now i'm an old i don't think that ever changes you know i mean your
perspective on life and your brain regardless of what your body is doing your brain doesn't change
that much i'm trying to give you guys a little bit of lesson in life okay so you know later on
when you get to be really old fart i'm taking notes i'm just telling you right now you still think
even if you're an old fart yourself oh my god look at that old fart looks like a hundred years old
you know and i'm sure that there's many of the younger people are looking at me and thinking look
at that old fag you know like that like that i text you getting a shoulder that he was probably
thinking that now actually he was uh fairly friendly he kept giving me a wink and reaching over
and grabbing my knee no he didn't it was your money too i beg your pardon you wanted your money too
he could have had some i don't want to go through that again it wasn't that good okay it was
it was okay he was uh he would have done just fine he would have put a smile on my old face
we just tried to tell you that even when you get to be a hundred years old just like these
people will say well what's that old guy do all what's i'm 20 year old hot chick you know what
it says what money if we all guys doing with the hot chick he's rich
you but you're totally missing the point of what i'm saying what i'm trying to say is that
just like with what's your name that bitch and in the call the same thing
who is what how old was he like 90 something god he was late 80s i think he was older he was older than
a thuseless grandfather but in spite of the fact that when he turned 140 his taste didn't change okay
he's still one of the hot young thing and that's what i'm trying to say see 20 till noon i have no
idea what i'm talking about and what are we going to do about those brady Quinn pictures there on
our website we're going to leave those there interminably or what yes probably not probably will
till i find somebody else put up there we can't put any hot naked chicks on here because
that we don't want to go to jail that's why it's a double standard yeah well he's not naked
yet boy he's topless right yeah so let's put some topless chicks on here i don't understand that
if a guy i mean breast aren't per se sex organs okay i agree with you well so let's have some
breast on here not not necessarily connected away they can just breasts i'll find the pictures
find some breasts no face because if we put the face on there then it's like a real person but
if it just breasted by themselves just for the the neck off there you go just crop it who's
are these we can make a game and that's a good idea whose boobies are these but then if we tell
them we got a problem 19 till noon at 5 60 wc ms matter of fact brady looks like he's got the
boobies himself there when you come right down to what that's what happens with some muscle bound
guys and then when he gets older see what i'm saying he's all roided out you think he's on roids
without question or maybe he's got bad roids maybe well maybe a little bit of the roomers might be
true you know i don't want to get started with hank a railroad or that sells department again but
it's just there are so many issues and everything is like always up in the year qm we like superman
it's up in the year just never ever gets resolved throwing the towel man okay see you and if i
throw in the towel what are you gonna do oh that's right you got that you got that qm website to fall
back on and you can probably already go back to the marlins even after you said they've
been boring as a waste of your peace you ever saw in your life i got your breasts are beautiful
why
I feel like they're all around, they're all around
They're big and round, they're all around
Of the time, of the time, of the time
We aaaat pass...
I'm a little bit more
I'm a little bit more
Do you like books like?
Do you like books like?
Do you like books like?
Do you like books like?
Do you like books like?
Do you like books like?
Do you like books like?
Do you like books like?
Do you like books like?
Do you like books like?
No conflicts
Let it be
They're all around, they're all around, they're all around.
Yeah, I think that's what we'll do. And not in addition, I mean not in Luv, we'll keep
Brady's picture of their obviously, for obvious reason, and getting a tremendous
view on that too by the way. Brady Quinn. Well all the straight guys want to take a look at what a real guy looks like.
That's right. Your guy that chaves his chest and his arms and his ass and his
ass and his leg bone. But I think just some boobs on it would be good because there are many, many guys as you know who are just into big boobs.
They don't care if they're connected to LC, the board and cow. It's just like they're gay guys who into like big packages.
You know, they have no, they couldn't care less what it's connected to which I just can't relate to that.
You know, just like this chick at the casino the other day. I mean she didn't have any boobs. She was like a pencil nasty me.
But I mean even if she did have big boobs, it wouldn't wouldn't help. Couldn't hurt, but I mean wouldn't help.
866 votes on the pool. I don't know if we're going to make it to 1000 or not. What do you think? Oh yeah. Oh yeah, what?
We got it. Can you believe Rickshaw is 68 years old? God is that old.
It doesn't make any difference whether you're old. You still call other people older, whether you're fat, you're still like the beast.
That's fat. I'm not in his league. I'm not in that category. No, but 68.
It's alive. I am not. I'm not sick. Well, tip of the cap to you, Ricky. You okay in my book?
68. He still survived this business. I wouldn't mind being on the air when I'm 68, but sure is how not for Joe Bell. I'll tell you that or Joe Mama.
This guy, I know what it is. You think Clarins has got pictures of the beastlies in Carolyn with that Billy goat. It must be. He must have pictures of the party.
Because boy, he sure knows where the bodies are buried. They're freaking clearance.
US President George W. Bush arrived in Indonesia to a storm of angry protests looking to highlight growing strategic ties with the world's most popular Muslim nation in a lightning trip.
Bush held talks with the Indonesian President, refusing him to try to pronounce his name, forget about it, at the summer palace in the town of Volgor, and was to meet with civic leaders during a seven hour visit before heading to Hawaii and then from there to Washington.
We can start some more crap. Maybe he knows if a mad dog's underday call up now, President.
All right. I'll be right there far from the smiles and happy wave that he saw from his armor, limousine at his previous stop in Vietnam.
The US president faced intense opposition, even calls for his blood from Indonesian Muslims, angry over the Iraq war and the US military presence in Afghanistan.
Bush's visit turned this usually quiet resort town into a war zone with grim-faced soldiers touching assault weapons, standing vigil on the streets and many roadblocks and razor wire blocking the way of the Volgor summer palace.
Lot of pissed off Muslims over there in Indonesia, man.
White House officials said Bush hoped to emphasize that the US wants a strategic relationship with Indonesia and that looks beyond the flourishing counterterrorism cooperation since the 9-11 attacks.
He was also expected when precise that the war on terror is not a war on Islam. Right. That's why he keeps talking about Islamophobia.
I mean, Islam. What is he called? Islamofanshism. And seek an update on US efforts to help reconstruction in Indonesia's Aussay province two years after a devastating tsunami.
It's a tsunami, mommy.
How come we never had tsunamis when I was a little kid about 200 years ago? Huh? I remember no tsunami.
Now all of a sudden they had little tsunami in Japan. They had the big one, tsunami is all over the place. I think God's wrath is waxing hot. Don't you think that's it? Are you hoping for one?
No. I don't think we're going to get one here. I don't think you're off Lake Ontario. We're going to be getting no tsunami. Could be wrong.
871 votes. What's your biggest regret? Maybe my biggest regret is that I came into work today. Showed up. I should have stayed in bed. By the way, guys.
What? Got a confirmation from Captain Curtis that Mad Dog will be on today. Well, thank God. Leave it to Curtis Stevens and tell us what the hell is going on because we sure as high I haven't got any program directed to tell us what the schedule is.
And I mean, I'm not going to make fun of that because I know that the mad dog and Shembeckler were very, very tight. And so did I say on the air toward the end of the show, I'm not sure he's going to be on today. Remember that I have my doubts.
I do. After we found out that bow was in the ground, not Kimba Bo camper, but Bo Shembeckler dead. I shouldn't say this while I say it anyway. I never like Bo Shembeckler.
It's a real temperamental. Well, that's because he was at Michigan, man. I would say you should say.
I'm also, huh? Michigan State Boy. Hate not bow. Not like in Bo Shembeckler in one little bit. I just I don't like any of those guys, man. Those coaches that were run for a hundred years.
And I just I don't know. Spent their whole lives like bear Bryant and Bobby Bowden. Speaking of old coaches, how's Larry coca doing?
You mean they got to turn around and play BC on Thanksgiving day? Oh my God. Now where is that game? Is it in BC? Yeah. That's here. That's a home game. That's why I said I'm curious to see how many. Now what's actually you're going to take?
You won't have to worry about the overcrowded turlits in the orange ball. I'll tell you that. No.
In fact, if you're worried about where to pee on Thursday, just go out there and pee on the field because the orange ball is a toilet. The whole thing.
It's so emblematic of the Wem the phony ballooning program. So you think they won't be much of a crowd just because they lost six games or because Boston colleges in a very attractive opponent.
BC is pretty good. They're not bad. So what are you? Why are you so negative? I'm saying it's Thanksgiving and they have six losses and it's about to be seven.
And in town people don't go. That's right. There's no front running foot in the red button as opposed to the fish. Now where is that game on Thursday? That's indeed right. No doubt. Isn't it? Yes, it is. Wow.
Against the little girls team. Like against a bunch of little blind girls with their hands tied behind their back. Well, maybe they'll pull it out for their both in a row.
Do I dare say this, but I'm thinking of myself Jason Taylor is he's the franchise. Am I wrong? Would you agree with that? I'd say him exact Thomas. The two of them are the franchise. I mean, that's what they got. Yeah, because if it wasn't very yesterday, they lose that game. And if you lose to Minnesota, man, you are really you are in deep, deep due to. So they're going to wind up on Thursday again, easy.
I mean, easy without even breaking a sweat. So that'll make them like five and six. And I can hear it now. Ten and six, baby, they're going to run the table. Yeah, run this. They're going to run the can't you hear it? Oh, yeah. I'm hearing it already. They're going to run the table. And now they got their act together and they're just. Yeah. They are so lucky to one that came yesterday and I'm anybody has seen it. Wow.
Now staggering life and death to be the little girls team. And then of course, you know, the best beside the Patriots, of course, cream and green Bay yesterday, the best result yesterday, it was the cold game. Wouldn't you say? I would say. Can you believe that? Peyton Manning, that looking so sharp. Sandy Peyton Manning, man, maybe her boyfriend left her or something like that. Maybe she's a sore about it. Maybe just sore.
That it was a really a shocker to me. Won't you shock by that? I mean, of all the teams that you think might have knocked them off this season, it sure is how it wasn't the Cowboys. What's it? No. Wow.
Now what's what's that quarterback for the Cowboys now? Tony Romo. Home. That's it. Wouldn't be the first home. Quarterback for Dallas in recent years, but nevertheless. Tony Romo.
Hey, sure makes great ribs. 880 votes on the pool. We are creeping along creeping. I don't think we're going to get to a thousand a day. It's going to be your fault. I don't know why, but I'll find it. You know, I'll find something that's Miguel's fault. That's right.
And that's because there's no there's nothing about cast your on the pool. How can you vote on a pool? What's got nothing about Fidel on there? Right? What's your biggest regret that the cast was in dead yet? You want to put that on there? Oh, yeah, that's a regret. What?
I'm just that alien left town. I mean, I'm not really serious about putting these on there. I have to say that because otherwise they'll put them on there. But yeah, we don't have alien to kick around anymore. I mean, those were some really sick days, man.
Sick and almost kind of a if you're a massacre, they were like enjoyable sick. You know what I mean? All these people just crazy people screaming and carrying on about something that nobody should have given a crap about. You know, except that drunken family.
Ali on this in a lot of and of course there was a premature evaluation about Fidel too. They were like dancing on his gravy. He's not even dead yet, but he will be next year.
The biggest name is almost a talent. This is Neil Rogers for 20560.
This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12 to 1 hour on Q a M. Hey, mom and dad. Give your kids the hottest action figure of the year.
Get Mojo and the torture team push get Mojo's back and hear him bark out orders. Where are the WMDs? Connect the wire to documents genitals. That's right. Get Mojo talks and he'll get the terrorists talking with cool accessories like the water.
And the hand crank generator collect all the members of get Mojo's torture team including Wendy the leash girl with life lights cigarettes.
Get it. Get it. Get on all four and get Mojo's faithful companion. Shot see the attack dog.
Get your kids get Mojo today. Get Mojo maybe in violation of the Geneva Convention. Parents should supervise all torture sessions. Better not included.
Go to your. So guess who's bio I just read on our my space page. How do you like that? He's 142 years old Rick Shaw. Wow. Still going strong. Nice go on, Ricky Tiki.
And I learned on there that he also among other places worked at W. I. O. D. Not incredible. I didn't even know that he worked at I. O. D. Didn't know that Rick. My condolences to you. And he said the only thing about his gig that sucks is getting up at four in the morning. You know he starts at five thirty. He's down from five thirty to ten. What kind of shift is that?
Lot of the FM's do that. And why is that because they think they get a head start at start exactly. Get out of here. Who to have us up at five thirty in the morning. What kind of a what kind of a slime ball a lifeless piece of two?
And I'm sure other than the course the guys are going to work like Rick. Who else does have a five thirty in the morning. Nobody. Am I right? Certainly not me. I know somebody. The big. Oh, he's. He's on.
892 votes on the poll. The man was on there for a time. Who? The moment had a five to seven slot. Like I said. You mentioned in Rick Shaw and the moment in the same breath. Shame on you, Mr. Shame on you.
The carnival cruise lines Liberty arrived in for a lot of years today with hundreds of passengers and crew. Still waiting for an intestinal virus was stepped through the ship. I keep trying to beg
you people stop going on those cruise ships. You're going to be so sorry. You're going to be out there in the middle of the ocean feeling like Patrick McGuin, like the prisoner. You can't get off. You can't jump overboard unless you can swim real good.
The cruise company reported five hundred and thirty four passengers and a hundred and forty two were created in the ships in firmerie with illness symptoms over the course of the 16 day voyage from Rome. The soft photos board Everglades. Can you imagine that turlits on that ship?
Well, at the end of the cruise there were 14 passengers and five crew still exhibiting symptoms and an isolation.
It was a horrible cruise at Eddie Amico of West Palm Beach as he disembarked. Jennifer De La Cruz, a company spokeswoman, said the illness was a virulent neurovirus, a highly contagious disorder which causes extreme gastrointestinal distress.
It sometimes called the 24 hour flu and the Centers for Disease Control estimates there are more than twenty three million cases a year in the USA. She was saying the symptoms include nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, cramping in chills.
That's cramping without the end. De La Cruz said the virus was probably brought aboard in Italy. Oh, there we go. Blame it to poor Italians again for everything, right?
We have confirmed that multi people in Rome were sick with neurovirus. That's our bestie rate at the moment she said. Yeah, blame it on the Romans, okay?
I guarantee you that in ancient times the Romans didn't have no neurovirus. I bet your life on it. You want to know why?
What was that? Because I'm sure that didn't exist. God hadn't invented it yet, you know?
Over all of these years he's been busy inventing new things to make us sick and to punish us for evil ways.
The ship passed at last health inspection in March with a score of 94 out of 100, a score of 85 or lower is failing.
The liberty which was due to leave for Caribbean crews on Sunday won't leave until tomorrow now during the next two days the ship would be treated stand to stern with an anti-viral fogging agent, De La Cruz said.
Oh, go ahead and give it a shot. See how you make up. Call us back when you're picking your guts out.
The ship was boarded by investigators from the CDC in San Martin three days ago after reporting the illness at the same Caribbean port.
Carnival also put 25 additional cleaning specialists and medical personnel aboard. Oh, man, how'd you like to clean up that ship?
I'm all set. Many passengers leaving the ship yesterday praised Carnival's efforts to fight the illness. CDC specialist or made on liberty through tomorrow to monitor the cleaning.
All right, keep going on them cruises, man. It's the way to waste your vacation money. Don't ever do it.
900 votes on a pool. I think that's as far as we're going with that thing. Although people here's Brady, since it's in. I wonder which Brady, I think is Brady Quinn? No.
For the pool, how about abusing drug slash alcohol? You want to put that on there? Would you regret?
Okay. Let's get that under abusing drug slash alcohol and also getting fat. I would say that's my biggest regret. I got fat like, let's see, how many years ago? I'd say 40 years ago.
And only once in my life in 1975 when I lost 100 pounds, only once would I get back to what I would say was, you know, like the right weight.
You lost 100 pounds in a year. Really? Yes. That's impressive. Well, it's impressive except for the fact that I gained a lot of it back.
And then I think since since the IOD days have lost about 45 pounds. And then there's that last 30 pounds or so, how many?
30 pounds. And then elusive 30 pounds. You sure are going to do it by eating all that ice cream and crap that you eat. I'll tell you that right now, Mr.
when they bring you three meals during a show. You mean I would do. Yeah. Oh, yeah. We were we were just showing down George can tell you we were showing the food down and also on Zeta. Man.
Anyway, Brady says also heard you refer to the dolphins as the fish. I thought the Marlins were the fish and the dolphins were the fins. Sounds fishy to me, Brady. Okay.
P.S. How did Josh ever stop talking through his teeth? It's a miracle. That's because I cured him of it. That's how Brady. Remember that when I cured you with that? I embarrassed the hell out of you.
He was doing his best Eric Reed and who's the other guy talks like through his teeth like that? I don't know. You tell me. I'm going to tell you mad. He's on a joke.
He just bop bop bop bop bop. Well, that was a hell of a game last night. By the way, I don't want to get two sports intensive again, but there were some pretty good games yesterday. Yes. And that was one of them. By the way, they're all on the show.
It's not one color guy that doesn't get paid by the word now. Bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop. I can't stand that. I can't handle it.
And I'll tell you who is really so far out of so clueless and that was a dear door. He made so many mistakes and they know what they'll he was talking about. Not a big fan.
No. Let's get 40 people in the booth. What do you say? Let's just as jam in there like sardines. See how many people we can get in there?
902 votes on the pool. Getting divorced don't have any yet. Any we haven't had the other ones? Have we? Yes, we have.
You're getting fat. Refresh. Well, getting fat. Those three don't have any yet. Abusing drugs and booze, getting fat and getting divorced. Have all got the big. How do you like that?
He could lose a couple of ounces too, by the way. I haven't seen him in a long time. See, it's hard for me to make fun of anybody and pick on them.
A, when I'm as fat as I pick myself and B, when we don't see each other for a long time. You're out of touch.
So when you start porking up big, what you will. I will not. Now what happened with the ice cream there on Friday? What was the end result of that?
I dominated like one and a half tubs. What a tub. Man.
A WS LSTV meteorologist. That's in Roanoke, Virginia for those who are unfamiliar. I'm sure that's all of us. A meteorologist was fired because his nude photo was posted on the Internet.
Don't be posting your photo nude on our website. Ricky.
Can you imagine Rickshaw naked on the Internet? Oh my god. The NBC affiliate dismissed Jamie Singleton last Thursday after his photo appeared naked on MySpace.com.
The station's interim general manager Shane Morlin is now what we have an interim general manager. I will win only pray.
Shane Morlin said in the statement that Singleton broke the Morals' clause of his contract which stipulates that he must not be involved in anything deemed offensive or out of line with community standards.
What shocks him what a fence that's really up to them is singleton 28 told the Roanoke times. I can't blame them if after everything that's happened.
They said that's the straw that broke the camel's back. According to Singleton the picture was taken as a joke a few months ago to friends home where he's getting ready for work.
After going through treatment for heroin addiction he stopped hanging out with some friends including the one who posted the photo on MySpace last two days single and said when he heard about the picture he notified MySpace and the picture was taken that within an hour.
However the photo was emailed to several of Singleton's co-workers and to Morlin's single and said WSL SZone by Media General Inc which also owns the Richmond Times dispatch newspaper.
Oh my blackberry just budget. I think it's something important. It's not from TomPain.com. Well good. The end of the world is coming. 907 on our pool. I just don't think we're going to make it to a thousand.
Because you know this Thanksgiving week is a week they might as well just take one thing just give us the whole week off starting like right now would be good.
What do you think? Oh yeah. That's what they ought to do. Then we don't have to worry about having a program director around who might actually make up a schedule so somebody knows when a hinder is supposed to work or who's coming in and who's on first.
Every time you turn around well Clarice is off with you and basketball again and he didn't even go to school there. That's what really cracks me up about that.
I think it's when him and Robert Greeper became such tight boyfriends or whatever is or maybe the beast. I mean the beast is obsessed with you. He's just he's got it in his blood.
Doesn't he? He believes green in orange. Yeah. A lot. Maybe that's just when his folks sent him out on those cruises of his. He's always going off on cruises and puking his guts out.
Not to mention other things. I'm sure. Oh man.
We're going back in the days when we used to have fat boy. Remember we used to have those if it matters it splatters in the QMT room. Remember those days?
I want to get to graphic in the lunch hour. Yeah. Everybody remembers. People think I'm making that up. I'm not.
9 11 man 911 votes on that poll. We need the big push to get to a thousand and then we can all go home.
The biggest name. The best talent. Thanks for the memories, Joe.
Thank you. 4th radio 560 9 AM.
Young is too young.
But third man. I smashed you with my knife while because I love you.
All right.
Then I killed that other guy because I love you.
Wild and flowers would do well when I decided what the hell.
I would rather slice you up instead.
You said that I love you.
I tried to love you. Bitch.
I love you. I love you.
I love you.
Oh, we had one to never die.
So I decided you must die.
We both know that we're not being.
Just like John Bonnet Ramsey, thank you that old race car.
I'll be.
I'm dying over here.
1217. Do you think we've seen Fred Goldman and the sister and off this pan, Ron sister?
I don't even know what her name is.
They're going to keep coming over and over and I know not that I own sympathize with them.
But why do we need to keep seeing this and they keep King especially.
He is the worst.
I think people are going to buy this book.
You think they're going to watch the movie?
I'm promoting the hell out of it just like I'm doing right now.
I'm begging you don't buy the book and don't watch the crap on Fox.
Which I sure as hell won't.
If I killed her, this is the way I did it.
I mean, what have you ever in your life even imagine hearing anything so stupid?
No.
I'd rather hit the fishing show with all due respect here at Brandon.
I'd rather hear about no punches pood.
You know, I'd rather hear that guy tune in on Saturday mornings.
Well, that's why I mentioned them both in the same breath.
No punches pood.
Let's see, we got the pro football weekly.
Let's look at that Saturday lineup.
We don't never mention the weekend lineup enough.
Maybe we'll turn some people out of some of them really good special these shows, but I doubt it.
Pro football weekly, 6 to 7 on Saturday.
I'm getting a early Saturday morning here that.
Although, of course, I've come in here to try to hear them.
Oh, the feed's been shut off.
They close the pot again.
Now, can we find out who it is that does that on Sundays?
Who does that?
They probably roll the dice.
It's probably different every week.
We got the weekly fisherman with Eric Brandon, 79 Saturday morning.
The real deal, no punches pood.
9 to 10 and a more.
That's at your buddy.
Which of those shows do you work?
I work on the real deal.
I mean, I don't work on the show.
It's got its own section on the website.
A lot of stuff.
What do you mean by that?
I tell you you see works on the show.
I do.
I podcast their show.
I put up pictures.
I do a blog every week.
I'm here on Saturdays because of that show.
Fantasy Playbook in Kendall Toyota at 10.
What the hell is that?
Fantasy Playbook.
What's the big O?
Talks about fantasy football for an hour?
And then the big O with Kendall Toyota at 11 to 12.30.
So in other words, first it's fantasy and then it's like non-phantasy.
Hey, any time he's on, it's rock solid.
Fantasy.
And then we got Hurricanes Basketball College Hoops.
That means parents will be leaving one about Wednesday.
Because he's got to get Thanksgiving off Thursday and Friday.
And then the basketball game.
They call him travel plan.
No, he's working Thursday.
What do you mean by that?
Hurricanes football.
He's on those broadcasts too.
Yeah, he does the Hurricanes game day.
Mr. Hurricanes on air again.
Who's what?
With his Hurricanes BabyCrap.
That's what it is.
It's BabyCrab, man.
Yeah, leave it to VUM.
Let them do the damn games.
Nobody else wants to be involved with that.
No more.
They lost a whole bunch of games.
Nobody wants to be involved with that crap.
With a team with a losing record that are going to wind up being five and seven.
Now is that the last game I hope?
I'm sure it is.
Yes, it is.
The season for the Kings will end on Thursday.
And then ignominious defeat by Boston College.
It'll make them five and seven.
And then the Sputter all the time.
It was the old man.
He's on the way out.
Larry co-cat.
He's gone.
Is there any doubt about that?
No, he was gone at three losses.
But yeah.
Right.
He was gone at one loss, man.
That's the nature of that program.
Oh, did he lost the game?
Screw that.
I'm not gone.
I don't want nothing to do with that.
Always been that way.
Always will be.
931 votes on the pool.
Abusing drugs and alcohol.
So far we got the big.
Oh, none.
So we probably have a lot of drunks and druggies out there.
But they're happy that, you know,
they're happy they're in the condition that they are.
In the condition I mean, what was that song by the electric prunes or somebody like that?
Oh, yeah.
Inside OJ's new confessional.
To those who are worried about our violent sex obsessed celebrity craze culture had at last reached the very farthest depths of the property.
OJ Simpson and Judith Reagan combing news.
We had so much farther to fall.
The accused but unconvictive killer and the attention we publisher have team up to create a product so lacking and taste and decency that people already are lining up to buy it.
Not like the PS3, but nevertheless.
When you were seriously before I go on with this stupid story,
when you stop and think about these people that are like fighting each other at best buy and all these other stories for their PlayStation 3.
So they can sell them on eBay.
Well, what does that tell you?
I mean, the fighting is ridiculous.
I got to tell you, I mean, if I could get one for six bills and sell it for ten grand, I'd be in line.
Yeah, but what does it tell you about the people that are willing to pay ten grand for it?
Not much.
And you're wondering why the guy has a condition that it's in there is that it's in there is this again.
What else is in that song?
Something my condition was, oh geez, electric prunes.
I'm going to have to look it up in the book during the break. Probably chicken egg knows what it is.
Reagan's imprinted Harper Collins, which is put out books about convicted wife killer Scott Peterson and a memoir by porn star Jenna Jamison.
It's said to publish a fictional account by OJ that details how he would have killed Nicole and Ron if he did kill him, which he still insisted not.
Right.
The book titled If I Did It will go along with the two-part Fox television event in which Reagan, a former national inquiry reporter will interview OJ,
who apparently will spell out in great detail precisely how he did not commit the crime.
Here's how I didn't do it.
Reagan reportedly paid between two and three point five million dollars for the deal.
She kept the project secret even from her colleagues at Harper Collins, telling them only that a big title was coming up by the end of November.
When word about the deal got out last week, Reagan was attacked as a money-grubbing bottom-feeding bitch on the cable news shows.
Outrage by the depravity of all, they reveled in the story of great length.
We might have queued the accused doing the same things as Newsweek and you are, but that's okay.
As long as you're ripping them in ass.
Wounded by the criticism, Reagan rose to defend herself.
She protested, she'd been misunderstood.
The book in TV deal had nothing to do with money.
She wrote in a windy statement issue Thursday night.
She did it to help victims of violence.
Right.
As a young woman, she wrote, she was abused by a boyfriend and believed Simpson's confession of the murders even hypothetically,
while healed the wounds of victims everywhere.
The former boyfriend denied the allegations of abuse, by the way.
I made the decision to publish this book and to face-to-face with a killer, Reagan said,
because I wanted him and the men who broke my heart and your hearts to tell the truth,
to confess their sins, to do penance, and to amend their lives. Amen.
She says, amen, not me.
I say, amen.
Even in the crowded anals of calculated confessionals, Reagan's something special.
As she sat with OJ for the TV interview, the men who were lied and cheated and beat me,
they were all in a room she wrote.
And the people who were denied it, they were there too.
And though it might sound a little bit strange, Nicole and Ron were in my heart, she said,
and for them I wanted him to confess his sins, to do penance and amend his life. Amen.
A good other amen.
And if everyone should happen to make money in the process, then amen to that too says Newsweek.
Just how the deal came together, still a bit of a mystery.
According to Simpson's lawyer, Yale Galenter,
and unidentified go-between, thought up the idea and brought Reagan and Simpson together.
Reagan has clarified why she wanted him, but why would OJ agree to stop on the grave of his dead former wife?
Money for starters. The juice has done an easy time finding work.
And he still owes most of the $33.5 million judgment that the Golden and Brown families
were on in the Cole's Relives, won in the wrongful death case against him in Civil Court.
Simpson, of course, now lives in Kindle, where laws protect his house from creditors in the state of Florida,
has been forced to scrape by on his $300,000-year NFL pension, which is also beyond the court's reach.
He has no fear of his confession by getting him in trouble again with the law.
He can't be trapped for a second time for the crimes.
But a Simpson family friend who, like many close to OJ, didn't want to be named for fear of alienating him,
says that money wasn't his only motivation.
He's long-passed caring at this point, the friend says,
I think he's saying, you think I did it anyway, so let me make some money off what you think.
This is just one big F you from him, and F you from OJ.
Well, F you too, OJ.
It only took hours for all the old cast members from the OJ drama,
lightly slumbering these long years, but never far from the phone,
to assemble and resume their battle stations for the latest clash.
The lawyers, the experts, the commentators all found their way back to the cameras.
As did Fred Goldman, long-suffering Simpson antagonist,
even for him it's about as low as you could possibly go, he told Newsweek.
This is a guy who's a complete narcissist and sociopath.
Goldman vowed to go after any money Simpson makes from the project,
anticipating just that the deal reportedly was arranged so the payments won't be paid directly to Simpson himself.
In her statement, Reagan insisted she didn't want Simpson to see any of the profits.
She said she gave the cash to a third party.
I was told the money would go to his children that much I could live with, she said.
Anybody believe in that?
No.
Then he's going to give the money to his children, no.
But the Goldman's and Brown's may yet lay claim to the profits if the publisher paid a third party a check that really belonged to OJ,
it doesn't shield it from legal processes, Daniel Pratt for Sully,
a lawyer who represented the Goldman's in the civil suit.
I wonder if he's getting a ricopepp for Sully, think?
Even some of the people closest to Simpson were surprised when they learned about the deal.
Galanter Simpson's lawyer bluntly admits he's pissed off.
OJ kept it in the dark about it.
He called the profits blood money and says I definitely would not have approved this.
Galanter says the whole thing is something of a bait and switch.
Only one of the seven chapters deals with the murder he says and no word is OJ in the book of mint to killing anybody.
Even so, Galanter says I wouldn't have done it for a gazillion dollars.
Simpson's children evidently don't share his misgivings.
Galanter says OJ's four grown children, two from a previous marriage and two he had with the coal,
were among the few people who knew about the deal before last week and says they approved.
Couldn't be the money, you think?
No.
Simpson's friends and family said that at this point he's got nothing to lose.
He can't seek any lower in the public eye.
There's nothing he can do to make the Goldman's or Brown's happy, says a close family member.
He would have to drop dead and that wouldn't be enough.
They would find something wrong if he was saving dying kids in Africa.
OJ saving dying kids.
Now that would make some great TV says news.
We sure to that he could find a lead of borders than national book chain,
which announced it'll donate profits from the book to victims of domestic abuse.
Reagan who says what I wanted was closure not money could end over her chunk of the loop too.
Could.
Don't hold your breath, but what would be an interesting experiment to see what happens.
Anybody care about OJ?
Anybody going to watch that movie?
You will and you'll buy the book.
I mean they'll deny it, but you know the, yeah, like in secret in the middle of the night.
Trust me, people still like them.
Yeah, in that place, you have QAM.
And you want to know why?
Why so?
Can I give you one word to describe that building?
Please do.
S-I-C-K-6.
SICK!
SICK!
The biggest name of the best talent for this is wheel Rogers.
Force Radio 560-U-A-M.
O-O-N-D-A-Y-S-U-C-A-S.
Mr. Heissner?
Mr. Mouse.
What the hell are you doing to me?
What do you mean, sir?
Why am I reading in the paper?
You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn?
Well, sir, we're just scouting locations.
Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs.
You are killing me!
But sir, look what we've done with New York City Times Square.
We're not on the second street.
In on!
Remus!
Remus!
Put it off the vacuum!
We're not on the second street.
Remus!
Get that blue bird out of here!
Okay, boss.
Heissner.
But sir, look what we've done with Midtown Manhattan.
42nd Street is incredible.
I don't want public land.
I supported that.
But you took all the porn away.
You're killing me!
I'm going through a gabblescum like Pizz!
We're just scouting areas calm down.
Listen to me, but much.
Don't tell me to calm down.
We got lucky with Lee Loan's Stitch.
$128 million.
Now, you're trying to ruin the whole network.
What kind of programming are you running?
Hang on a minute.
You're going to...
Remus!
You've got blue bird crap all over your shoulder!
Play yourself up for heaven's sake!
And tap off the module cleaner!
Okay, boss.
Good God.
Sir, the network is fine.
Why couldn't you come up with American Idol?
Good God, you're still running James Bond movie!
They're 60 years old!
Why don't you just put Steamboat willy on and be done with it?
Please, they'll make a couple of damn dollars!
Well, the movie division's fine.
You may title pass me.
Please.
Remus!
Remus!
Here you go!
I know you can't hear me, Remus!
You're still running on the back of Twitter!
I'm starting my car, fire-re-you.
What do you mean, sir?
I'm not done with you.
What?
I'm not done.
Sir, I'll put Hannah Starr in your job.
But sir, I'm here.
You're terrible!
I'm sorry.
Maybe I'll put Remus in there!
I don't like to be present in a Disney Remus.
Oh, man!
What a wonderful day!
Get out of here, you nutbag!
Well, there's a little preview of what Friday's going to be like.
I think, because what he used to do every Thursday,
if anything slips through, and on his old bitch,
like, he'll be responsible for it.
That sounds great.
Hey, listen, Boca Bryan said the title is just dropped in to see what my condition
to see what condition my condition was in.
Bye.
It said it's on Kenny Rogers in the first edition.
Thank you, sir.
Kenny Rogers in the first edition that is absolutely correct.
Thanks, sir, can I just dropped in to see what my condition is in.
All right.
Now, if George was there, we'd have his, you know,
his library of music, and he would like whip that baby right out in the music, too.
Well, the library's there.
Are you going to find it?
I can try.
I don't know.
Kenny Rogers in the first edition.
If you want to say, we want to say, we'll let records.
I think I might be right.
Let's play a little Russian relish.
Let's get a little gun to clearance, though.
See what happens.
It's fully loaded clearance.
You idiot.
959 votes on the pool.
We'll make the thousand, but not buy it off a lot today.
It's just, you know, it's a holiday week.
You think a lot of people have already vanished?
If they were smart.
Yeah.
And wouldn't come back if they were really smart.
I don't have it.
Former Republican fundraiser at the center of a scandal played state investment in rare coins
that helped Democrats seize power in the midterm elections was sent today to 18 years in a slumber.
Oh!
Tom No.
A prominent coin dealer accused of taking at least $2 million was convicted last week of
theft, corrupt activity, money lottery, forgery, and tampering with records.
Lucas County Common, please judge Thomas Osowick, who described the Kramas in elaborate scheme
of theft on large scale, also find no 120 grand.
You continued to spend the Bureau's money at what I thought was a shockingly alarmingly
large rate and done for one purpose to present some type of facade that you had a bottomless
cup of wealth and luxury to your disposal when in fact it was at the state's expense,
Osowick said.
Noted to make this statement during the hearing.
The fence attorney, John Mitchell urged Osowick's before sent seeming to consider that no
is unlikely to repeat his crimes and the judge said Yamama.
Several know has already been sentenced to two years and three months in federal prison
after putting Gile early this year to funneling 45 grand to help president a Bush's re-election
campaign.
The scandal surrounding the investment that no managed had dogged the state's GOP for
more than a year, culminating this month with Democrats winning the U.S. Senate seat.
And four or five state-wide offices after 12 years are a Republican rule that will Ohio.
Even with all the bad machines they got there, they still swept them right out of their
in Ohio.
Nine-hundred sixty-two votes, I see the drugies finally are the booze, the drunks.
But maybe they just sobered up enough to get online, you think?
That's it.
What's your biggest regret?
I think it's an excellent poll.
Thanks again, Sean, even if the audience hates it.
The ass I missed during the course of my life, all the ex-9 missed because of the fact that
I was too stupid to realize I could have just reached right out there and grabbed it,
you know?
Reach out for the brass ring or the brass thing, whatever it was.
The ass I missed, 3.44, never went to college, 1.23.
Wish I had been a better person, 88.
I hate this poll 87-9%, I want to get under 9%.
If I can get that baby under 9, I'll feel, you know, a little bit bitter about life.
Just get under, and now that I said that, they'll all vote for it.
Getting married 85, I never found true love 83 by Bing Crosby and Grace Kelly, true
love on Capitol Records.
How about you got that?
You got it?
I don't want to, you're not familiar with that library, you know?
If George was there, he'll be already playing, you know?
Although we're glad George is off this weekend because he's a hard ass.
He is the most stubborn, good God.
You ever tried to convince him of anything?
No.
Stubborn is a mule.
Actually he has no Grace Kelly up in here.
What about Bing Crosby?
Come on, oh this is by artist, he's got it done?
Yeah, you could do it by artist or song.
Yeah, and no God.
Well they don't want to hear it anyway, it's a corny old record.
Serup, never found true love 83.
I have none, no regrets 44.
We are so jealous of those people man, they've had it all.
The sex, the money, the success, no regrets.
I really can't stop.
But baby it's cool.
I don't want to hear baby it's cool outside like that.
That's all I got for you.
Well that's more than enough.
It was a Lausy son or daughter 36.
Never bought a house 36.
Having kids 17, biggest regret.
Having painted the ass kids.
Getting fat is already up to 10.
We just put that on there boy.
A lot of us regret that big time.
Getting fat.
It's easy to get fat, not so easy to get slim.
Slim and trim.
Young and dumb and didn't graduate high school 7, getting divorced
two and abusing drugs or booze is already got all vote.
Aren't you proud of that?
Got it.
We got one stiff out there on us.
Something that crawled over to the computer now it's got two.
We got a pair.
They probably sit in their past in the bottle back and forth like a bunch of winos.
Can you just see that?
Yes.
That's probably what happens our management meetings wouldn't surprise me.
Joe hands it over to Josh.
Clarence hands it over to Robert Greeper.
And then all three of them handed to a Chris Jones.
Got a handed to him.
You know.
Doing a heck of a job man got a handed to him.
Twenty before one especially on that copy is he doing some.
No.
But I'm not going to start on that again because it's the only kneel again starting up again.
There goes the old fart again.
He just must have woke up on the wrong side of the sack this morning.
No actually not.
I woke up on the same side I always wake up on.
But unfortunately there was nobody on the other side.
I tagged in friend wasn't there.
What a shame.
In fact I can only imagine that he was sleeping in the same bed with that.
Inbo there last night.
Oh my god.
The thought of it makes me want to just vomit meals from a hundred years ago.
Just the thought of it.
She's there in revenue shoulder.
She's got she has glomed onto him man.
And of course I'm thinking to myself if I was that I would do the same.
And I'm also thinking boy and I'm me and I ought to do the same too but the end could
happen.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
She ain't could let go.
It's one of those deals.
Junior honey.
Break down south.
Where the mudwumps go to hang from trees and play banjo.
You got some food on a station on New Fang old radio.
Now as North Carolina goes.
Raleigh's a big city and no and that's where the beesleaves had to go.
For Golly Riley Jones.
A new GM.
He'll do what he can.
Shake your hand like a friend.
Then quickly walk away.
They had Jones go to five six oh with ratings and the toilet bowl to get those.
Playings for full most an order and control.
And then so Golly Raleigh Joe of a killer and in the note he lets most go.
And here's what blows Gids Gully his own show.
He'll make a big change and read a range.
It's worse or the same.
He hasn't done a thing.
Or what goes on the air at two.
Joe don't have us thinkin' clue about a poor.
Not mad essentially.
Blow for all radio.
The GM of five six oh.
Gully Riley Joe.
Cuff 47 at five sixty W.
You have mad dog.
He'll be back today.
He'll be on it too.
And then with Hank at four.
And the reason we know that is because Curtis Stevenson was kind enough to call us and let us know about it.
Yeah. Right?
That's right.
That's the only reason we know.
We don't have a program director who ordinarily would be the person like in a real radio station who would say,
well here's the schedule for today and you can promote it a little bit.
Let the audience know who's on first and what's on second.
And mad dog after taking off Friday because both Shamrock and Croak will be back today.
We don't have a PD to do that because he's busy being a sportsman and playing baby Schmidt.
A female F.A.U. student and a male visitor were found dead in her dormitory suite over the weekend.
And police today said both died of drug overdoses.
How do you like that?
Absolutely correct sir.
Oh my God.
Neither of the victims was immediately identified.
Police also didn't reveal whether investigators found drugs or paraphernalia in the suite at the Heritage Park Towers on F.A.U.s main campus.
Local police are helping campus police with investigations.
The bodies of the two were found inside the apartment by another student around 330 yesterday afternoon campus police said both pronounced dead at the scene dead.
Police said both died of overdoses from an unspecified drug or drugs.
Autopsies are going on today to determine the exact time and cause of death for each.
The autopsies also explain to me what drug was used.
Would you want to find out what drug was used?
Yeah, I can tell you that in no deon.
In the meantime, investigators are trying to determine where the two obtained the drugs.
Oh, now we know where Georgia is this week.
Yeah.
997 votes on the pool.
We'll get to 1000 and then after that you can lay back.
It's a good pool.
There's nothing wrong with it.
I agree.
And we got 8.9% say they hate the pool.
Which, that's our goal. It's under...
Yeah.
...percent.
Actually, there should be like only one or two percent say they hate this pool.
And the reason that those people are saying this is because their lives are probably a pile of crap.
Well, there's only a few doubt.
You know what?
Which those people are.
Yeah.
And believe me, if I was them, I'd hate my life too.
Doug Thompson, Captain Hill Blue dot com.
You know how quiet Miguel's been all day because he's just gritting his teeth.
Did you get any food released out of this today?
Oh, you know we got the howies.
Yep.
No, howies.
Okay, that's good.
And Muff came in this morning and said they had a phenomenal turnout.
Now, it's too bad Josh wasn't there.
You promised you were going to be there, but then went out of town at the...
I would've asked him if I weren't town.
You would've been there.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'd like to get more free ice cream no doubt.
So I'm Josh Cordis from the Neal Rogers Show.
Can I have another couple of times a free ice cream place?
Well, actually, the...
They would've been people from Jackson said, you know, I'm welcome to come by any time.
Really?
So, you know...
That is really slow.
You see the perks of working on this show?
That's right.
I'm telling you, you're going to balloon up.
You're going to be a cow.
I just can feel it.
You can't...
Am I right, Miguel?
He will.
He doesn't stop beating so absolutely.
You people don't understand, okay?
Yeah, we don't understand what.
Like, I'm still active so I can eat as much as I want.
Okay.
I burn off everything I eat.
Let's put it that way.
Doug Thompson, a capital of blue rights, not even going to do that kind of response.
I'm not touching that with a 10-foot...
Mississa.
Doug Thompson says when correctly viewed, everyone is screwed.
And I would say that he is as usual.
That's the movie correction.
Here we are.
He says nearly two weeks after the midterm elections that were supposed to turn things around
for this country, make us all feel better.
And what do we have?
Chaos would be a good word.
Other chaos would be two better words.
The Bloodbath and Iraq is escalating, and Bloodbath is a word even the ultra-cautious
associated press using its headline today.
Democrats continue to snipe at each other.
Former Secretary of State Kissinger caused the Iraq war unwinnable, and Bush Foreign
Policy disastrous, and the Pentagon's got a new plan for the war.
At least another 112 have died in Iraq today as sectarian violence increases, and the
country plunges headlong into an uncontrollable civil war.
Back here in the U.S. of A, Democrats try to contain their own civil war on the aftermath
of incoming speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi's humiliating defeat at the hands of colleagues
who rejected her choice from a majority leader.
Representative Steny Hoyer of Maryland, who trounce Pelosi's choice, the ethics challenge
Pennsylvania War critic John Murther for the job, admits he's worried about retaliation
from the Cante Pelosi.
We're going to talk about that Hoyer admitted when asked if he feared reprisal from the
new speaker, but he added that retaliation be a mistake for Pelosi because his supporters
would retaliate against her.
One of the reasons it's not going to happen is that there are a lot of them, Hoyer,
said of his supporters.
It's one thing if you have a margin of one or two or five or even ten, but when you have
a margin as decisively as the caucus made a decision, then it's time to move on.
Right come from Sir Doug Thompson.
Those are called fighting words.
Speaking of fighting words, former Secretary of State Kissinger says all the fighting in
the world won't win the Iraq War.
If you mean by military victory in a Iraqi government, it can be established in whose
writ runs across the whole country that gets the Civil War into control and sectarian
violence under control and time period, that the political processes of the democracies
will support.
I don't believe that's possible, Kissinger told the BBC, which I already told you before.
This is a diplomat's long-winded way of saying, we're screwed.
Over at the Pentagon, however, they say they have a new three-option plan.
It's called, go home, go big, or go longer.
Basically, the Pentagon's big plan goes like this.
One, we can go home, which means we admit to feet and lose, two, we can sit in more
troops, which means more Americans die before we eventually lose, and three, we can use
fewer troops, but keep them longer, which means more Americans die before we eventually
lose.
Another name for this might be, three strikes policy.
Either way, we're out.
And then he says, I'm going back to bed.
And you know what, I think I took it out of the, I'm going back to bed too.
I could use a couple hours extra, so if you would have told me, we'd have had all
of us, I mean, not that it's a big deal.
You know, you called Miguel and he came in being the generous pick that he is, you know,
see, I would have told you we got a thousand ten, ten ten like W I N C Winsney or ten,
ten wins and ten ten CFR B Toronto, eh?
I know what you're going to say.
I said, my record would be answering the phone this morning.
I did wake him up.
Really?
And what time was this 9, 30, 9 o'clock?
No, I'd probably call them in about quarter to nine.
Quarter to nine, yeah.
Well, what time would you or nearly come in?
You wouldn't be working today?
No, I'd be off today.
Really?
Yes.
Being that I worked all week and long.
So in other words, if Josh wouldn't have called you, you wouldn't have come into the station
at all today.
That is correct, sir.
So there's another piece of evidence, okay, for the Clarence Deiro Conviction book,
as if, you know, as if we don't have enough already.
It didn't go to make any difference though, because he's got the pictures, man.
He's got Joe Bell by the short hairs, speaking to people who have shaved their private.
He's got to buy the short hairs wherever they might be and the long hairs.
So that's what we're faced with.
That's what we're confronted with, okay?
So I think, you know, cutting that deal a couple of years short sounds like a real winner
to me.
I could, you know, really conserve.
I can save up a few bucks between now and the end of the year.
Ten, ten on the pole.
What's your biggest regret?
And on the bottom getting divorced, it was two.
Didn't graduate high school, seven.
Abusing drugs and alcohol, seven.
I see it took them a while to get on the floor.
Get off the floor.
Having kids 11 and getting fat is moving up big.
21.
21.
Regret getting fat.
Because once you get there, which you can do in no time at all, doesn't take any time
at all, you'll see, you'll see, Josh.
Nope.
When you're like, Rolly, Polly, when you say, oh gee, I looked now today like what the beast
just looked like before he croaked for years ago.
That's what you'll be saying.
Listen, I'm also a thin guy.
I mean, I could eat, I could eat like, you know, the pound burger and I lose a pound,
you know what I mean?
I can't stand that.
I hate people like that.
See when you're fat like me, you hate people who like, can eat all they want and never
gain any weight, can't stand it.
I had a friend like that in college.
Skinny is a real.
Eight and eight and eight.
I mean, just, he can't even begin to imagine how much this is.
Yeah, I can eat myself, but I can't gain weight.
What was that?
You heard me.
No, seriously, what did you just say?
What did he say, how am I going?
He said he could eat as well.
He could buy some of the food.
I know, you were, you were, you said something else, which I'm not going to repeat it because
you all get joist.
I'm just glad you didn't say it.
Ten thirteen on a pool, ten thirty eight, it's not bad, okay, I think that's a good
total to close with.
And I think between one and two, I got a really good idea what we could do between one
and two today.
I'm sorry, that about five times, or a month, I'll be out of here.
The biggest name of the best talent is the fastest wheel rock college, 4th radio 560, QAM.
It's not just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon.
Tonight, go out to dinner at the number one restaurant in town, CSI Fridays.
Wow, this place is a mess, it looks like a grizzly crime scene.
Are you sure you want to eat your own?
I don't let the blood splatter fool you.
This place has the best burgers in town.
At CSI Fridays, we have great food like autopsy burgers, DNA wraps, and sizzling forensic
fajitas.
Watch out, ma'am, the plate's hot.
Hey, man, why do you wear rubber gloves?
I don't want to contaminate the fajitas, ma'am.
My staff is always friendly and knowledgeable.
Hi, I'm Catherine.
Can I start you off with something to drink?
Hi, Catherine, I'd like, hey, wait a second.
Don't I know you from somewhere?
Didn't you use to dance at cheese?
I'll be right back.
And for a killer birthday experience, make it CSI Friday.
It's your birthday.
How old are you?
We really want to know.
Happy birthday, honey.
See you at CSI Fridays, opening soon in Miami, New York.
Yeah, I got the check.
Got a coffee.
It's a birthday.
Fixed by the old bird in the care light.
Got go.
Real service.
Real saving.
It's a birthday.
Well, happy birthday, Vernon.
It's 1 o'clock at 5'60 W.M.
Let me say it again.
Jim Manis will be on it too.
At least that's what we're hearing from Curtis, Stevenson.
What a South Africa's most notorious criminals escape from a high security prison by greasing
himself up with petroleum jelly and squeezing out of a tiny window.
Local news reports that in Johannesburg, South Africa, he greased himself up with petroleum
jelly and squeezed right out.
Ananias Mathae, a Mozambican national waiting trial on rape murder and other charges, removed
a bulletproof window at Pretoria C. Max Prison and pushed himself through the opening which
measured just 8 by 23 inches.
Can you envision that?
That's pretty tight.
8 by 23 inches.
We are devastated.
We won't sleep till we get him.
Said police captain Arnold Boonstruck.
He said the escape was Houdini style.
Police were immediately available to comment.
Those reports that the police were not able to explain how Mathae freed himself from handcuffs
or give other details in the escape.
The first reported at the top security C. Max Prison in 36 year history.
The congressional services minister called for investigation and management at the prison.
I don't think that any offender can just escape as easy as that from C. Max.
I know C. Max have been there several times.
He said there must be some collusion that took place.
He said some collusion.
The story sounds very 8 by 23 inches.
I mean I'm looking at like a regular sheet of paper is what 8 by 11.
Yeah.
So if you take like two sheets of paper, that guy must be like a Bucco 5 or less.
Yeah he must be skinny mini.
We must use a lot of grease.
He must have really loobed it up.
Tell you what we had how he's earlier but Gary came by and Brad Atonis has this new
bread brought us by a sub.
That is excellent.
Delicious man.
It was worth Miguel getting out of bed now for coming in a bulk up a little bit.
Absolutely.
By the way something.
Yeah.
You have a new slideshow on your MySpace page right under your boy Brady Quinn there.
And what is that?
That's a surprise.
Okay.
On long and please.
I'll send you one instead and just.
I'm going to do that.
I'll eat the stuff.
Okay.
That's good.
We got some boobies on there.
Okay.
No face.
We have no idea who they are and they certainly all definitely I mean there's no 15 or 16 year
old girls got boobies like that that I know of.
No.
They shouldn't.
So they're.
It's it's prohibited by law.
So there's some boobies for you on our MySpace page.
And I thought we were going to put those on our on our homepage on the website.
Well I have no control of that.
Are you serious?
You don't want to put those on there?
Want to.
Hey listen.
No, that's it.
No, let's not go put no boobies on our website.
Okay.
If it's the MySpace page will blame somebody else for the blame.
Miguel.
He's the one in charge of that.
Sure.
Smoking is being employed by some politicals including Barack Obama and Laura Bush as a
means of humanizing themselves to voters.
According to an article that appeared in the October issue of the New Republic.
They're smoking it.
Barack Obama is a revelation that he's thinking about a 2008 run for president set off a
predictable flurry of prognostications this week.
Politics watches have speculated about how the electorate would react to everything from
his youth to his pigmentation to his acknowledgement that he messed around with marijuana and maybe
a little blow.
Is that what Miss Foley said the same thing?
Maybe a little blow?
A different kind.
But a far more interesting if list legally dicey bullet point was buried in a few of the
recent stories about the Illinois senators ambitions.
Obama is a cigarette smoker.
Oh my God.
Now why the hell do we care about that?
He's puffing on them faggots.
In a different time or a different spot on the socio-economic totem pole it might seem
a lot of weirder for an ambitious politician who admits snorkeling cocaine and then
to acknowledge struggling with nicotine.
But among the hat now maybe we ought to put that on our pole too.
What's that?
What's your biggest regret smoking cigarettes?
Okay.
No?
Yeah.
You don't think especially some of the people out there who may be dying from like lung cancer
and facima like that.
But among the healthy living smarts said types who represent the elite of both the democratic
party and the American meritocracy.
Smokers are about as common as guys with mustaches.
I've mentioned to say youthful co-capers probably outnumber adult smokers among Obama's
fellow 80s Harvard Law students at Cisnes article.
Not that any of this means Obama's tobacco news will hurt him in politics to the contrary
in an age when too many politicians come off as blow-dried confections whose every decision
is based on some calculus of future advancement.
A public image can actually be helped by the occasional evidence of vice at least a variety
of it that doesn't involve interns, pages or choked mistresses.
Maureen Dowd wrote on Saturday that the smoking habit was an example of how the senator was
intriguingly imperfect.
A description that was never applied to Alexa Balgoraj on Kerry.
Actuararily foolish and hopelessly out of fashion it's a behavior that at least in an
over-achiever like Obama seems to uswage our national discomfort with overt ambition.
How much of a striver can be he can if he's also a smoker?
Obama's not the only smoker to gain authenticity points by copying this most the class A of American
vices.
News that Laura Bush was a smoker and speculation that she still puffs away while immersed
in the occasional Dostoevsky book is a staple of the glowing press coverage that celebrates
the first ladies uncalculated, unpretentious, unpolitical style.
She makes me want to vomit.
Upon being introduced to her future mother-in-law Laura Bush allegedly showed her non-Washingtonian
chaps by responding to a question about what she did for living by saying, I read, I smoke,
and I admire.
How do you like that?
She reads, she smokes, and she admires.
And of course when she says she admires, it sure is how many her husband she's talking
about.
Or her mother-in-law or father-in-law for that matter either.
I admire and I covet.
I admit it openly and freely.
How do you like that?
I admire and I covet.
And what good is it to me?
None.
1333 votes on the pool.
Smoking cigarettes we got on there too.
I bet you're wracking going to be voting on that.
It wasn't a laid back Turkish holiday.
This is from Time Magazine.
The citizens of the Proud Prudemale Muslim nation had no love of popes to the East Iranian
government was galvanizing anti-Western feeling.
The news reported that an escape killer was on a loose threading to assassinate the pontiff
when he arrived.
Yet the holy father was undaunted.
Love is stronger than danger.
He said, I am in the hands of God.
He said, He fared forward to anchor out the West and Bull and preach the commonality of
the world and their great faiths.
He enjoyed both Christians and Muslims to seek ties to friendship with other believers
who invoke the name of a single God.
As in, He didn't leave covered with Garlands, but He set a groundwork for what would be
years of rapprochement between the Holy See and Islam.
He was a united out of divide.
That was 1979.
When Benedict XVI travels to Turkey next week on his first visit to a Muslim country since
becoming Pope last year, he's unlikely to cloak himself in the downy banner of the
Brotherhood, the way Paul John Paul the toothed during his soldier in there two years ago.
Instead Benedict XII will arrive carrying a much different reputation and wearing much
funny or little red shoes that have a hard knuckle intellect with a taste for blunt
talk and interreligious confrontation.
Just 19 months into his tenure, the Pope has become as much of a lightning rod as a moral
leader suddenly when he speaks the whole world.
Do you listen when he speaks?
I don't.
No, I don't.
No, I don't.
Like that.
Now, what was he that he said about all the other religions?
I've got a religion and you should all burn and hell something like that.
Not that it was insensitive and of course he didn't really mean that.
It was taken to the context.
Well, he's sorry that they got offended.
He's sorry that they were offended.
Not that he said what he said about them, my Muslim and Shmataheads.
He said something about nice headgear.
1037, what is off Medina Jai?
I just let's say in his name, I don't know why.
It's a really good.
A hell of a dresser.
Guess what movie was on last night again speaking about crazy people like Kim Jong-il?
What's that?
Kim America world police.
One of my very favorites and I watched the whole damn thing again.
What's the one with the puppets?
Now, what do you mean the one with the puppets?
So why do you say it like that?
He didn't know what Mary and that's what.
You don't think that's a great movie?
You know what?
I haven't seen it yet.
Oh, I'm going to have to give it to him.
No, I have it.
I just haven't seen it yet.
I haven't seen match point either.
No, I have, that's one of those as well.
Why didn't you bring these in there for Michael?
I did.
I have a game at that point.
I have team America.
You have match point?
Yes.
Where did you get that from?
George.
Well, believe me, you're like that.
He gave me a stack of DVDs that are on my homework assignment.
Yeah, she stacked.
Yeah, she is.
1041 on the poll.
The votes are coming in in chunks.
We got a shot at 1050 by the time we got on here.
1050 WMGM, WHN, and Chum, CHUM.
Here's some very bad news for people who love America and the world.
Massachusetts Senator John Kerry insisted yesterday.
He, his boxed joke about President Bush's arrived policy would not undermine a possible White House campaign in 2008.
How do you like that?
Not in the lease, Kerry said when asked if the fewer over is commented caused him to reconsider a 2008 race.
The parlor game of who's up, who's down today or tomorrow.
If I listen to that stuff, I never would have won the nomination, he said.
One of the Republican politicians mentioned in a crowded field for the White House former House Speaker in Newt Gingrich said he wouldn't make a decision till September of next year.
Well, obviously next year, rather than late date in the campaign cycle, the focus in the private sector on trade policies.
Right.
We have lots of time for personal ambition that Georgia Republican said.
I think an awful lot of energy this early is wasted.
We ought to be focusing on, you know, how are you going to compete with China and India?
How are you going to solve the problem in Iraq?
How is he going to solve his problem with his messy divorces and all of his other pandering cramp?
Gingrich said Arizona Senator John McCain and former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, both of whom have set up presidential exploratory committees.
We're likely front runners, but Gingrich said voters are yearning for a clearer conservative voice.
I think Mitt Romney has a chance to feel like Gingrich said referring to the outgoing Massachusetts governor, who's a Mormon.
People aren't going to vote for a Mormon, for governor.
They don't want him writing up to their doorstep on a bicycle with a white shirt and a black tie.
McCain said Giuliani was an American hero for his leadership in New York following the 9-11 attacks.
McCain called himself the best presidential candidate based on a record of being conservative Republican of National Security and Defense as you,
and speaking by the way of John Kerry when it comes to that, McCain's got him beat hands down your pants when it comes to waffling.
In fact, don't have a story about that.
Here we go. McCain flip-flops on Roe v. Wade, which I'll get to that after the break.
Flip-flopper.
Would a big puffy cheek? Would you vote for a guy with a big puffed up cheek like that?
I'll never make a war they didn't like.
Who's kissing bushes ass lately all he can.
Kissy kissy kissy, baby.
John McCain might ask.
But then of course the Democrats who have that neck of snatching defeat from the jaws of victory, they'll probably stick a Hillary in there.
And he will just slap her silly man.
He'll be here sideways the next Wednesday.
Don't you think?
Yes, she runs.
Don't be doing it, guys.
No swillery, please.
Okay, she never stole a freight train.
In fact, I'd stick her ass on a freight train.
One that's going like, you know, out of control real fast, right downhill.
And he's going to come back anytime soon.
1045 votes on the pool on a very, very, I don't know.
This is not a good start to this week.
It definitely is a week everybody should be taken off.
So that maybe by Thursday we might have something to be thankful for.
Or maybe if Claire's is playing crashes on the way back and he and Catherine Harris are both in it.
Oh, I guess he must be back, huh?
Although maybe Joe called him on his cell or in his cell, which is very belongs.
Hey, Clarence, you're an idiot and everybody knows it.
Schmuck.
From when it's past one at five sixty WQM, you know, an auto accident is a traumatic experience.
There's shock, there's stress, there's tourist, there's grief.
It's something nobody wants to have happened, but it sure is how it does.
And what it does, you need help answering all the questions that immediately go racing through your mind.
What do I do now?
Do I need medical treatment?
Do I need an attorney?
Am I entitled to compensation?
So many questions and so much confusion.
You need to be sure you call the right number the first time when you do need help.
And here's that number to call.
One, triple eight, crash sixty one.
It's a free call.
There's no obligation.
One, eight, eight, eight, crash sixty one.
Because you need answers, not another accident, not more grief.
24 hours a day, seven days a week, you can call that toll free number.
It's your auto accident hotline.
One, triple eight, crash sixty one.
It's toll free.
There was absolutely no obligation.
Get all your questions answered right away about your auto accident with the first call.
One, triple eight, crash sixty one.
That's one, eight, eight, eight, crash sixty one.
The biggest name, sub-best talent.
The fastest wheel Rogers.
Force radio five sixty.
You A.L.
Statistics show that many men suffering from symptoms of a heart attack will delay going to the hospital until the big game is over.
We feel this is wrong.
That's why we created ESPN Hospital.
ESPN, the hospital, is a state of the art medical facility and the hottest sports bar around.
The triple bypass wasn't going to keep me from triple overtime.
ESPN, the hospital has the top coronary care unit in the area.
A man, 20 big screen TV to catch all the accident.
From intention carry to intensely high buffalo wings, ESPN, the hospital will save your life.
While you have the time of your life, the doctors are great.
The food is awesome and the nurses bring my meds in a frosting mug.
I feel better already.
From pre-optive post game, ESPN, the hospital is about place to be.
OK, we're on our way.
117 at 5.60 WDQM, mad dog back today at 2.00 then the power hour with mad dog in the hump are between 4.00 and 5.
Hank Goldberg, 5.00 to 6.30.
All by himself.
And then we got Panther preview 6.30 to 7.00, which show you'll hear that.
Panthers at the abruon 7 o'clock nightfall by the world famous edu case show.
Don't tell me he's back from Vegas already.
That was a short, what was that all about?
Was there a fight or something?
Yeah, I think there was a boxing match.
Oh, yeah.
Who won the fight?
I don't know.
Just a joke.
In 1999, the moderate version of John McCain said that overturning Roe vs Wade would be dangerous for women and he wouldn't support even the long term.
Here's McCain and the San Francisco Chronicle from 99.
I'd love to see a point where it's irrelevant and could be repealed because abortion is no longer necessary,
but certainly in the short term or even the long term, I would not support repeal of Roe vs Wade,
which would then force X number of women in America to undergo illegal and dangerous operations.
This morning on ABC, McCain now aggressively courting Blacks and Jerry Falwell expresses unequivocal support for overturning Roe vs Wade.
That was yesterday morning on George Steph on Top of his on ABC.
Steph on Opel is, let me ask you one question about abortion and I want to turn to a rack.
You're for a constitutional amendment banning abortion with some exceptions for life and rape and incest.
McCain, rape, incest, and life of the mother, yes.
Steph on Opel is, so as President Bush yet, that hasn't advanced in six years he's been in office.
What are you going to do to advance a constitutional amendment that President Bush hasn't done?
McCain.
I don't think a constitutional amendment is probably going to take place, but I do believe that it's very likely or possible that the Supreme Court should
could overturn Roe vs Wade, which would then return these decisions to the states which I support.
Steph on Opel is, and you'd be for that?
McCain, yes, because I'm a Federalist, just as I believe the issue of gay marriage should be decided by the states.
So do I believe we'd be better off by having Roe vs Wade return to the states?
And I don't believe the Supreme Court should be legislating in the way they did on Roe vs Wade.
How do you like that?
Waffle or baby?
John McCain, also never met a war he didn't like.
Waffle, Waffle, Waffle.
Maniac.
But of course the media is in love with him for some bizarre reason.
They like to present him as being one thing that he's not, which is a rational person.
Republican strategists plotted their parties come back after law's control of Congress have identified the first lady of Democrat politics as a key target in the 2008 White House campaign, even though she won't be running.
Senior party operatives told the Sunday Telegraph yesterday they were already coordinating plans to attack Nancy Pelosi,
the liberal-Californian congresswoman and speaker in waiting, who suffered a damaging re-buff from her own party caucus last week.
Can't stand that bitch.
The Republican strategy's not only to undermine Mr. Pelosi's control of the House, but also to associate her in voters minds with Senator Hillary Clinton from under the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination.
Two years of Pelosi gives a good idea about four years of Hillary obelisk said Tom DeLay, they're both committed liberals, and will make it clear to the American people that they are.
Mrs. Clinton 59 has yet to declare herself as a presidential candidate, but has accumulated a vast war chest of campaign donations that would make her hard to stop.
If she decides to run for the Democratic nomination, please don't.
Republican strategists are determined to prepare for the possibility while the Vance. They're praying for her to be the candidate. They're praying.
Mrs. Pelosi's opening week blunders will make the Republican tactics easier to execute.
Ms. Pelosi has been in the position of the president of the Democratic Party for the first time in the year.
Ms. Pelosi has been in the position of the president of the Democratic Party for the first time in the year.
Ms. Pelosi has been in the position of the president of the Democratic Party for the first time in the year.
Ms. Pelosi has been in the position of the Democratic Party for the first time in the year.
Ms. Pelosi has been in the position of the Democratic Party for the first time in the year.
Ms. Pelosi has been in the position of the Democratic Party for the first time in the year.
Ms. Pelosi has been in the position of the Democratic Party for the first time in the year.
Ms. Pelosi has been in the position of the Democratic Party for the first time in the year.
Ms. Pelosi has been in the position of the Democratic Party for the first time in the year.
Ms. Pelosi has been in the position of the Democratic Party for the first time in the year.
Ms. Pelosi has been in the position of the Democratic Party for the first time in the year.
Ms. Pelosi has been in the position of the Democratic Party for the first time in the year.
Ms. Pelosi has been in the position of the Democratic Party for the first time in the year.
Ms. Pelosi has been in the position of the Democratic Party for the first time in the year.
Ms. Pelosi has been in the position of the Democratic Party for the first time in the year.
Ms. Pelosi has been in the position of the Democratic Party for the first time in the year.
Ms. Pelosi has been in the position of the Democratic Party for the first time in the year.
Ms. Pelosi has been in the position of the Democratic Party for the first time in the year.
Ms. Pelosi has been in the position of the Democratic Party for the first time in the year.
Ms. Pelosi has been in the position of the Democratic Party for the first time in the year.
Ms. Pelosi has been in the position of the Democratic Party for the first time in the year.
Ms. Pelosi has been in the position of the Democratic Party for the first time in the year.
Ms. Pelosi has been in the position of the Democratic Party for the first time in the year.
Ms. Pelosi has been in the position of the Democratic Party for the first time in the year.
Ms. Pelosi has been in the position of the Democratic Party for the first time in the year.
Ms. Pelosi has been in the position of the Democratic Party for the first time in the year.
Ms. Pelosi has been in the position of the Democratic Party for the first time in the year.
Ms. Michelle Kattoski has MSMEG, President of the Security Council and Department of Justice degrees.
Discriptions have been made.
This was.
F is
She's like that I haven't run in the house splits with the Democratic ranks on Iraq and her
both that she will oversee the most ethical Congress ever in the wake of Republican corruption
scandals.
Pelosi has set the bar extraordinarily high for the Congress of Hercrocus herself and
even Hillary says a former Republican House strategist.
Tony Kuehler, former Democratic whip in the House of Rand, vice president Elgore's
2000 presidential campaign, acknowledged his party's concerns.
Even seasoned Democrats are concerned about the Republican's ability to tar the polished
image of Hillary by attacking Mrs. Pelosi told the Senate to tell her,
if Nancy does poorly that hurt Hillary, that's really unfair, but that's what everyone thinks.
That's reality to help Hillary and Nancy has to be perceived as an effective leader and
she's had a terrible start.
It was just an awful first week.
Awful.
A senior Republican operative who planned the damaging ads against Senator John Kerry,
the Democrats of candidate in 2004 predicted it wouldn't be easy to turn Mrs. Pelosi into
a circuit target for Mrs. Clinton.
If Hillary's been able to separate herself from criticism of her own husband, she'll
try to do the same with Pelosi, he said.
She and her people are very smart.
They'll try to highlight the difference between the two women.
You'll see Hillary move more to the center, P.B.
Stan.
Oh, there she is now.
How do you like that for timing, huh?
Man, I think I better leave right now and go find a good machine.
I think it's my lucky day.
Could I do that again in a million years?
No.
These guys are busy eating.
Okay, they're not paying attention.
Anything that I'm sitting here with these stories they could care less.
Well, I just finished up.
So don't worry.
They're eating, man.
Man, jaman, jaman, jaman, jaman, jaman, that's what goes on in that studio.
And one of the places in such total disarray, probably the roach has turned upside down over
the weekend.
1069, 1069 votes on the pool.
What's your biggest regret?
I think that's one of the better polls we've taken in a long time.
You know what?
It's not bad.
I didn't really know you wanted a response there.
Just relax.
Okay, just digest all that food, man.
Now what was it that they brought?
Subs?
Well, Tony's, yeah, well Gary came in.
Was that Tony?
Not Junior Chicken sandwich.
They got a new bread going on at Tony's, which is fantastic.
So they brought in a sub for me to eat.
Wasn't that special?
Got a little good bread.
Biggest regret.
The ass I missed, 365, missing out all that ice cream from Jackson's is one of my biggest
regrets.
Although I'd probably be dead.
Never went to college, 133.
Wish I'd been a better person, 99.
Isn't that damn honest to them?
Admitting that they're rotten, no good bastards.
Pretty honest.
I hate this pool 91 down to 8.5%.
Thank God.
Getting married 91.
Never found true love, 86.
Nor can we find a song by Bing Crosby and Grace Kelly.
Don't have it.
No gods.
Never found true love, 86.
Have none 57.
No regrets.
Boy, I'd sure like to meet those people.
And probably those people are real idiots, you know?
Well, look at the reasons for that.
Why is that?
You don't have any regrets in life.
You don't look back upon it and say, I wish I hadn't done that.
It's an attitude thing.
Yeah.
OK.
Well, I guess it's a healthy attitude.
I think everybody wishes they got a little more ass, no?
I mean, a lot more.
Anybody get too much ass out there?
Brackdom.
Nobody reason to have been here.
Nobody, Gratz 58, was a Lausy Center daughter, 36.
Never bought a house, 36.
Getting fat, 35.
Having kids, 20.
Abusing drugs or alcohol, eight.
Didn't graduate high school, eight.
Smoking cigarettes, popping on those nasty,
cancer sticks, man, then, faggots, five.
And getting divorced only four.
In fact, probably most of our divorced people out there
kissed the ground for an honor of the day that they did it.
The biggest names of best talents to this is
Neil Rogers, sports radio 560.
Neil Payham.
Ike Meals Paul.
From the twisted minds who brought you Halloween
comes an entirely new dimension in horror.
Don't look in the oven.
Or you'll experience the stock naked terror that he is.
Thanksgiving.
A family, just like yours, eats a bird that was once alive.
More stuffing times.
And they eat until they feel like they're going to explode.
But it doesn't stop there.
Uncle Luther.
Now it's time to entertain the inlaw.
Is that fish I smell or a dog?
I'm a logician now.
And you'll think they're never going to leave.
So, uh, where do I put these suitcases?
And just when you thought you could escape by watching TV,
you'd discover there is no way out.
Now game number two of our holiday NFL quadruple hitter.
Thanksgiving.
The annual terror is back.
Was that a good lamb?
Oh.
Now playing in a dining room near you.
132 at QA.
I'm so many ask you.
One of this dolphins on Thanksgiving Day.
When the hell did that start?
I thought it was always Detroit and Green Bay on Thanksgiving Day.
Wasn't it?
No, it's always Detroit.
Yeah, it's always Detroit.
The Green Bay.
The opponent.
To be TVA.
That's right.
Like board off TVA.
Yeah.
Wait till you hear this, speaking of how much asses too much.
Two piece activists have planned a massive anti-war demonstration
for the first day of winter.
But they don't want you marching in the streets.
They'd much rather you just stay home.
The global orgasm for peace was conceived by Donna Sheen, 76,
and Paul Raphael, 55, whose Imonis goal is for everyone in the world
to have an orgasm december 22, while focusing on world peace.
The orgasm gives out an incredible feeling of peace during
it an after it, Raphael said Sunday.
Your mind is like a blank.
It's like a meditative state.
And mass meditations have been shown to make a change.
The couple are no strangers to sex and social activism.
She and no relation to anti-war activists Cindy Sheen brought together
nearly 50 women in 2002 who stripped naked and spelled out the world peace,
the word peace.
The stunt spawned a mini-movement called bearing witness that led
a similar unclosed demonstrations worldwide.
The couple of studded evolutionary psychology believed that war is mainly
an outgrowth of men trying to repress potential mates.
A case of my muscle is bigger than your muscle as Raphael put it.
By promoting what they hope to be a synchronized global orgasm,
they hope to get people to channel their sexual energy into something
more positive.
The couple said interest appears strong.
With 26,000 hits a day to their website globalorgasm.org.
Well, all right.
The dreamer said everyone in the world take part, Raphael said,
and if that means laying down your gun for a few minutes,
then hey, all the better.
Lay down your peace and pick up your other peace.
Pick up your pistola.
Globalorgasm.org.
See.com.
Would it just want to have the same impact?
That's right.
So there you go.
Mark it down on your count and I'll say a month away from Wednesday.
Wednesday is November 22.
December 22.
All right.
I'm more sure to have a giant whooping orgasm.
There's more, maybe several on that day.
December 22.
Because the more you have, the more peace is going to be.
That's right.
And the more peace you get.
188 votes.
We're going to make 1100 a day.
That's not too shabby.
We had a pretty weak start.
And you didn't think we were going to make a thousand.
I said we were going to have a tough time making a thousand.
As if you really care, okay?
You want to do it, right?
You got a page right out of Georgia's book of indifference.
We've all heard the book of love.
They got the book of indifference.
Aren't you excited about that?
I always ask.
I mean, I mean, I know you're not.
Any more than I am.
But it's something that tried to like, you know,
whip up the audience a little bit.
Like pretend that we care.
Oh, Clarence can't even do that.
He can't even pretend that he cares that knit width.
That's simple.
That quizzling.
Speaking of that, gender bending boy fruit flies fight like girls.
Speaking of clearance.
This fits right in.
In a study that says light on the biology of aggression.
Scientists swap genes in gender bending fruit flies
to make boys fight like girls and girls fight like boys.
Researchers from Harvard Medical School and the Institute of
Molecular Pathology and Vienna focused on a gene in fruit flies dubbed fruitless.
An important player in behavioral differences between the sexes of these insects.
The gene is known for its role in male courtship but also controls another sex-specific behavior.
How flies fight?
According to the research appearing yesterday in the journal,
Nature Neuroscience, which I'm sure you all read religiously.
When they fight, female fruit flies rely on maneuvers like shoving and headbutts to an opponent's body.
You ever see flies headbutt?
Not lately.
Males use tactics that include lunging, boxing, and wearing up on their back legs and snapping down their forelegs to flatten an adversary.
The researchers swap the male and female versions of the gene in fruit flies and observe the consequences.
Males with a feminine gene use female fighting tactics,
while females with a masculine gene fought like the boys, like dikes.
People have a lot to learn about the biological basis of aggressions that Harvard neurobiologist Edward Kravitz, one of the study's authors.
He goes without saying aggression is one of his violence in a society.
He's a serious problem that has to have biological roots.
The biological roots will have genetic components and experimental components.
What?
In your pronunciation.
Experiencial.
When's the last time you saw that word?
Experiencial component, my ass.
I'm having a little little trouble with a few of these words today and you're picking on it.
Let's hear you read a few of these stories, okay?
Mr. Hot Shot.
I'll read them.
I'll bet you will.
181 were ancient close to that 1100 mark.
We're getting really close right to the precipice.
Don't forget we got boobies on our mind space page today run under Brady Quinn.
Buh-buh!
What the hell is that? Where did that come from?
Buh-buh!
Where is it if that's Homer?
What is it?
Homer from the Simpsons.
It'll be under Simps.
Ah!
Simps?
Simps.
No, that's in the next spot under Simps.
What the hell is that?
I don't have that.
S-I-M-P-S.
No, I have that, but where is that sound?
Buh-buh!
Oh, I never even played that in my life and probably never will again.
President Bush suffered his most visible diplomatic setback since his party's defeated midterm elections yesterday when Asian leaders failed to backwash and it's called for robust action against North Korea and Kim Jong-il or Alec Baldwin.
You haven't seen that team America world police?
Not yet. No.
Then how do you know if the movie with the Murray and S if you have watched it?
Because we had this conversation last time I did this right.
And you still even since then you still haven't watched it.
That is correct.
It's great!
And Damon.
Mr. Bush and Vietnam on his first foreign trip since the elections had lobbied strenuously for a unified strategy,
amdakining Pyongyang to abandon its nuclear ambitions, meaning the Russian, Chinese, South Korea and Japan leaders on the sidelines of the summit.
The rebuff, the second for Mr. Bush this weekend on North Korea, underlined the President's diminished powers in the wake of his election defeat.
It'd be like Clark Kent with too much kryptonite near his ass. You know he's got diminished powers.
So too did they muted response to Mr. Bush's presence in Hanoi, a shadow of the tumultuous reception for President Clinton when he visited Vietnam six years ago.
And that's because the rest of the world is onto this Bush baby. They're onto his ass. They know him for what he is.
Now don't tell me they're going to go on about this Richard's thing here.
Look, he's sick over what happened.
So I think that the snowball is kind of rolling down the hill now and he's going to have to do something.
What that something is, I don't know.
But I mean he's going to have to make some kind of statement.
Yeah, I didn't mean to say the N word. I meant the S word, you know, the T word.
You know any letter but N word.
CNN is the only place that's reporting that story.
That is correct. I rule that all over the place. I try to find the story in principle that I could read it on the air and talk about it a little bit more intelligently.
I can't find it. They have the video clip on here and that doesn't tell you squat anyway.
Right.
So there you go. There are the only ones that are whipped up to a friend's about it because he said the N word on stage in LA at some stupid ass comedy club.
First of all, any guy that's at a comedy club. Well, let's speak for itself.
Like some of like some of chicken eggs, buddies. What does that mean? What?
What does it mean if a guy goes to a comedy club?
Michael Richards is a TV star. What else do you do in a comedy club?
If you start out in the comedy club, that's what he did start off.
I beg your pardon. He was a comedian first. I understand that.
But now he's going back to this joint.
I always go back to the attorney background as well. Could anything happen with that legally?
Oh, who the hell cares? Okay. I mean, this is this is the best.
They've got all day their pump and this man. They're pumpin' it. Wait till the December 22nd and then start pumpin' it.
22 to 2 a.k.y. I'm not your right. I'm way off my feet today. And of course it's all because of a clearance.
You can't write.
I beg your pardon.
I said you just missed George. No, I don't miss George at all.
Not that we don't enjoy having George there. But we need to rest especially after his hard ass behavior last week.
You know, it's one thing to be an expert on something.
We like, we like, my giving you a solid answer about the Notre Dame Air Force and Army game. You're like that.
How do Halloween who they played? I didn't watch any of it. I wasn't even home. I was busy plunge in my gut sound.
That was a woodbine weekend.
That is correct. Saturday not so good yesterday broke even.
And got to meet my good friend from wherever he's from. Well didn't get really meet him or anything else.
Got to saw that bitch. When she came over and put her hands on a shoulder and then she reached on he looked back up and kissed on the lips.
I wanted to just vomit. Yeah, just like that.
I thought to myself, what in God, you're right, it must be the money. She must be from a family that is absolutely loaded.
You know what I'm saying? Absolutely. God. If she paid you guys each 10 grand, you wouldn't touch the best part of her if you could find it with a search party.
I'm telling you right now. Got 10 jeez on there. I don't know. I'm telling you right now.
We could each use 10 grand right now. I'm sure there'll be a line at the door on your way out.
Hey little Katie, what have you done?
Hey little Katie, Tom's a crazy one. Hey little Katie, who gives you away. John, travel to all Patrick's ways. Hey little Katie's, he knew.
It's not too late to think again. You can back out of this cruise wedding. Hey you're not too old to start again.
Hey little Katie, Scientologist. You're fair. Hey little Katie, your parents are pissed. Hey little Katie, it's not too late to run.
Don't be afraid of Maverick from Top Gun. Hey little Katie, bring up. It's not too late to think again.
You can back out of this cruise wedding.
Hey little Katie, you're not too old to start again.
Thank God for the NFL, maybe I guess I've preempted all the crap about that stupid ass wedding. I guess it took place over the weekend.
Anybody care? No. In Italy? Well, I can't stop freaking talking about it, which makes me just want to...
Exactly, shoot somebody. Maybe Tommy would be good.
You're fair.
1108, we tapped 1100 mark on our poll today and spotted Josh Sim will never make 900, whatever the hell you said.
Derek, what is his name? Derek Z Jackson. Derek Boston Gloom. What, I beg your pardon?
You said Derek Jeter. Derek Jeter writes, the anti-gay obsession. Speaking of Derek Jeter, there are always a lot of rumors about him too, you know. I'm sure you do know that.
He's going out with Jessica Beale. Howard Beale? What did I tell you?
Derek Jeter is going out with. How old is he now? About 40 almost?
No.
Come on, Derek Jeter. I bet he's like 35.
I bet he is not.
32.
Derek, ladies and his 20s, okay. Right? I'd say he's about 30, man.
I'm saying 32, guess.
Okay, I'm googling him right now. Okay, let's look at up. Maybe I'll get one right.
One for a while.
I'll screw it up that. Yeah, I might need to go stop on that note. Who the hell cares who noted?
There's some candy ass military school. The merchant marine, okay.
And what's his name? Brady had a big game. Tom Brady, Brady Quinn.
Everybody named the Brady bunch had a big day. Let's see, Jeter.
This isn't what I want. I don't care about the Jeter or T's. Where the hell is, uh, oh, there it is.
74. Derek Jeter looking to get home with Jessica.
But he was born in 74. That makes him 32.
32.
32. How do you like that? Huh?
More than a toning for my earlier mistakes in the show. Plus all the words I've brought you today.
But then why would anybody care? Nobody cares.
Not listening to the words. They're just hearing the sound of my voice. They think, oh, NEO's on today. Yeah.
Isn't that what it is? Oh, yeah. That's it.
Now maybe maybe later this week will take some calls. What do you think? No.
Well, on our Miguel being there tomorrow Wednesday and then Friday. Well, Friday we're playing the rack.
Anyway, Derek Jackson in the Boston Globe says the anti-gay obsession all in the same week.
Governor Mitt Romney, the US Catholic Vichips, the Baptist A Comission North Carolina.
And the Presbyterian Church, USA, drove themselves nuts over homosexuality.
Here in Massachusetts, he says, despite ample evidence that two years of same-sex marriage
have indisteroid straight life in the Commonwealth. Romney is helping plan a rally for a statewide referendum to ban it.
Today, the rally. A month ago in one of his sky-as-falling speeches, Romney said activists just struck a blow to the foundation of civilization of the family.
He went so far as to say the price of same-sex marriage is paid by the children.
In Washington, the Bishop's Past Day Bizarre Settiguyard, lines called,
Ministry to Persons with a homosexual inclination. In the same breath, they claim to be welcoming the gay and lesbian people,
then tell them to be chased and stand the closet about their sexual orientation.
The bishops remain resolute that being gay or lesbian is disordered.
The Baptist A Comission of North Carolina voted to expel congregations that affirm homosexuality period let alone gay marriage.
In our day and time, no other sin marches so defiantly across our national landscape.
Expulsion from vote and mark Harris was quoted as saying in the Washington Post,
the Presbyterian Church was so fearful of this march of sin that it was going to put the Reverend Janet Edwards on trial for marrying a same-sex couple.
Charges were wrought too late and were dropped.
Maybe they should have burned her at the stake.
Or just invited her over for one.
If you ask me, no, I should load up all these folks in the arc and drop them off in South Africa, he says,
while all this nuttiness was going on here, the South African Parliament this week voted 230-41 to legalize same-sex marriage.
This vote came after South Africa's high-score rule that existing marriage laws discriminated against gay and lesbian couples.
The post-apartite South African Constitution passed about a decade ago was noteworthy of being the first in the world to explicitly outlawed discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation.
South African Defense Minister Mossooya Lakota was quoted by the Associated Press as saying,
the roots of this billi in many years of struggle, this country can't afford to be a prison of time-worm prejudices which have no basis in modern society.
What did I call time-worm? Time-worm prejudices? You're right, I'm like Kakai today.
Let us bequeath the future denomations of a society which is more democratic and tolerant than the one that was handed down to us, he said.
The tone of affirmation in South Africa has been said years before by the likes of former South African President Nelson Mandela,
who lost his son to AIDS and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Desmond Tutu, who has repeatedly criticized Tomophobia in the Church.
This is crazy, the retired Archbishop said eight years ago.
We say the expression of love is a monogamous heterosexual relationship, more than just the physical but includes touching and bracing, kissing, maybe the general act, the totality of this makes each of us grow to become giving increasingly godlike and compassionate.
If this is so for the heterosexual, what earthly reason did we say that it's not the case for the homosexual providing the relationship is exclusive, not promiscuous? Oh, that's where he left me.
John Allen Tutu's former press secretary and bographer last month said Tutu found a little bit short about rages that the Church leaders should be obsessed with issues of sexuality and the face of the challenges of AIDS and global poverty.
Too many South Africans remember that homosexuals were imprisoned for their sexual orientation alongside Mandela Tutu's success was arched bishop as continued to voice a similar message.
Referring to the consecration of Episcopal Bishop V. Jean Robinson in New Hampshire in 2003, New Guinea told the Washington Post last spring the Anglican Communion should be on the forefront of fighting social eels and not bothering about what Jean Robinson may be doing or not doing.
Nagani himself a former political prisoner at Robin Island, one of the key things we've learned both as a country and as a church is the principle of non discrimination because the people were discriminated against under apartheid were judged on things they couldn't alter.
Compared with that kind of thinking in South Africa, Romney and American Church leaders are trying to lead a backlash seem more like they have too much time on their hands.
Romney's known for saying gay marriage return Massachusetts in way laws vigus for such events. It's time to stop judging things that he can't alter except maybe boys maybe they can alter some boys.
That's what the church specializes in and you name the church not just the Catholic church they like to alter boys.
1119 on a pool.
1,019. Now let's see what about the I hate this pool is that 109% hate this pool 8.2% excellent.
The biggest name of the best talent to the basis meal Rogers for 20560.
You admitted that there were the CIA secret facilities.
So what lies that on within the law ahead of Amnesty International says secret sites are against international law.
We just agree this agree with him and plus my job is to protect you and most American people if I said that we had to who we think the mastermind of the 911 they would say why should see if you can't get information out of them without portrait which is what we did.
I have the obligation to make sure that our professionals who I would ask to go conducting interrogations to find out what might be happening who might be coming to this country.
I have to give them the tools they need and that is clear law.
This is an important point and I think it's a point I just made is the most important point and that is the program is not going forward.
You can give a hypothetical about North Korea or any other country.
The point is that the program is not going to go forward if our professionals do not have clarity in law and the best way to provide clarity in the law is to make sure the DT&E Treatment Act is the crux of the law.
That's how we define common article 3 and it's such a good standard for the countries that you just talked about.
That's not a good standard.
That's not a good standard.
That's not a good standard.
That's not a good standard.
That's not a good standard.
That's not a good standard.
That's not a good standard.
That's not a good standard.
That's not a good standard.
That's not a good standard.
That's not a good standard.
That's not a good standard.
That's not a good standard.
That's not a good standard.
