Hey special thanks to Alex Marvaz from the Sun Sentinel. Appreciate being on today. Thanks for having me here Neil God
Baby, well you don't want to get ripped out for this show. No, no, he'll keep it rip anyway
But hey, what could I say? I can't wait to hear your body back five days a week now
It's awesome. It's kind of now. It's an honor to be ripped by Neil, you know, I swear to solubile
So we're back. We're back Monday morning. Be talking about the dolphins win against Buffalo. You know, that's gonna happen
30 110 that's what my prediction is so go ahead call your bookies now and you're not even a fan
I mean, you're not even a dolphin view that you're the middle of the road guy middle of the road
That's what I get paid my four dollars an hour to do and you were in every every seven. Oh no question about that
Yeah, they got you grind it so bumpy in the game. It's a great job today
Creeper thanks thanks for all the love. We appreciate it
I'm gonna get some rescue ready for Neil coming up next have a great weekend go dolphins go canes and thanks for listening
The music press on the previous programs are those of us and colors and you're not
It's got advertisers for agencies
The biggest name the best talent this is
16 WQ am Miami Ford
You
No, sure.
It was like wet dogs in here, man.
Out in the downbound.
Yeah.
You know what it was, man?
I know, though, it's on here somewhere.
Oh, sure.
It's a bugger looking for that out on the audience
with a dog at the home of my son.
Did he?
Oh, somebody came among the five.
The home of the thing.
Look at that baby, go.
Ooh, is that a tick-dum?
I don't know.
Tick this, man.
Oh, look at that.
That's better way to do the water when it's back.
It's hot now.
Hope that's all the paper.
Don't tick wet.
Ho, ho, ho.
Yo, hot now is a good quality brand.
No wonder he's trying to save it.
It's very extensive.
Hmm?
Ooh, maybe that's a bonus impact.
That's a good ball.
And $790, after this station and the ineffications.
WFU, end of South Miami part.
WFU, end of the town.
Another round, we're on the city crowd.
We're on the crowd.
Oh, I guarantee you one thing right now.
If you gave me $790, and I can put a change of call
that is back to WFU, I'm sure somebody's already grabbed
those up a long time ago.
But if they didn't, change it back to FU and just start
playing the hits again.
I mean, they're holding moldies.
What, great call that is.
And certainly do big numbers and much bigger numbers.
Gigantic numbers, more than to do now.
It should be like even a two-year.
You realize in the last trend they never came close to a two-year
all day across the street.
And they're talking about, blah, blah, blah, blah.
They're talking like out of their ass.
Hey, Joel, I hate to break the news to you.
But we got like 90% of your ex staff over here.
I know you got four or five of our losers over there.
All we do like Joe Rose.
Right.
And Zach, Zach.
Okay, we like Zach.
He's fat, but they're boo-like him.
Anybody else?
Boog.
Well, we like the boogster.
The only problem is he's in the wrong.
I still, I don't want to get into that with Josh again, you know.
Should have taken a job with a Metz boog.
I mean, you're not a talk guy.
You're like, you know, you're a sports puke.
You're like, hey, everybody, I don't know.
I'm not like that, you know.
I said that when he was on our station.
So it doesn't make any difference where he is.
Excellent play-by-play guy.
Do what you do best, boogster.
You know, stuff trying to be an underling to what a goofball in the afternoon.
That will a bastard.
That's his life now.
He's an underling to Danny Boy.
It's got him under his wing.
Anyway, our poll from yesterday, before we get into it,
very Jack asked that they just started like a whole thing, didn't he?
Even though Barry's got his head way up by their ass over there across the street
to have this incestuous relationship.
And they actually do have a working relationship.
They're like partners in crime.
Mm-hmm.
Am I right?
Well, speaking of partners, I wonder how, what's your name is doing with that story about the...
I'm having patient.
Dog.
Can I tell you this is happening at the end?
Dog, the bounty hunter and his wife.
That this really good man, Mr. Hee-Hole, went and did this for those three of them.
That he didn't violate it so badly.
And he was sent up for what he did Rita.
And if he did something wrong then, he will face the cost of questions.
That's right Rita.
How surprised are you that the US, oh my god.
A lot of people are wondering, here's the Mexican government, issuing this.
How surprised are you with the US government for following through on their request?
Oh boy, she is the best request.
Is she great?
That's a lot of me before, Matt.
All Rita all day and I bet you still get bigger numbers than they got across the street.
They can't come close to a two-year-in-men.
Give me a break.
We're 18 plus men that are higher shareers in the afternoon, LeVancers, 16, and we got 27.
And that was before.
That's the last trend.
That's before we had Mad Dog and the Aumpera near together.
Anyway, 1,531 votes on yesterday's poll.
Something more someone, I don't want to hear any more about.
But we should have put Stu Gatz in there.
That would be good.
Hey Stu, how about that Aronde Gads, man.
He's big in the meat business now.
Anyway, Paris Hilton, they don't want to hear no more about her and I can't blame you.
404.
This so-called War on Terror, 187.
The War on, how about the War on Freedom, Aris?
Great.
That's going really well.
Tom Cruise 172.
You're fairie.
George W. Bush 166.
Oh, it's just where is this out?
Baby Surrey, 139.
Well, here's the pictures.
Here's Baby Surrey.
Look at that.
Looks like a baby.
Wonder who the daddy was.
John Mark Car, 134.
9,11.
A hundred.
They got 9,11 out, I guess, last Monday and Tuesday.
Oh.
No, not already.
Very bonds 51.
Nice ass, very.
Moe Howard Davided 39.
See, as the numbers decrease, that means they want to hear Moe about each one of these.
See?
I hate this pololee 2.2% 35 out of over 50 hundred votes yesterday.
So they loved it.
Israel 35, 2.2.
So George needs to do a lot more Israel bashing.
Huh?
That way.
And Cotter 33.
They can't get enough of that bitch.
That's slut.
Nancy Graster 13.
Nice.
Now, do we put that on our website, the Porky Knows picture of Nancy Graster?
No, with your approval.
We'll do it right away.
Well, let's get it on there.
Now, that's a beautiful thing.
Don't get porky about it, Nancy.
Prank.
Nancy Graster 13.
Brad Pitt 12 and Iraq, only 11.
So they went here a lot more about Iraq and they will, momentarily, and a lot more about Brad Pitt.
I don't know what else to tell you about Brad Pitt.
I've had it.
No interest.
Maybe 20 years ago.
Here's the facts from Kevin.
Thanks, Kevin.
Says Keith Obreman is repeating his commentary on 9-11 tonight.
You should not miss this.
It was better than the one who did on Rumsfeld.
Well, I'm going to record it.
In fact, during the break, remind me before we do the break, go in the other room and set it up for the PBR in there.
Okay.
So this is just in case I forget to turn on or I'm not around.
So tonight, they're repeating on a countdown with Keith Obreman, MSNBC, 8-9-PM.
Okay.
And then he's got a pool.
Thanks for the pool ideas, by the way.
We need help with our pool.
Believe you, me.
There ain't anybody I know.
Don't need to help with their pool.
Now, Barry Jack asked this morning, I go to the Harold website there because I read very religiously.
Because I know he's extremely objective.
And he's the real sports analyst.
He knows his sports talk.
Sports media.
I think I probably ought to do the break.
Okay.
Well, no, because I don't want to interrupt this.
This is heavy duty stuff.
I'm not going to only do like three, four hours on this.
And by the way, thanks, whatever her name was.
What's her name again?
Allison?
Allison.
Now, what did she use to be across the street?
See, we got all the people from over there across the street.
So you want, you can make all the wild statements you want about Joe Bell did this and Joe Bell did that.
We're starting rumors and I'm starting rumors.
The fact of the matter is that loose lips synch shift, all the rumors, all the stories coming from your people inside your building across the street.
That's where it's all coming from.
So you can make up all kinds of stories about Joe Bell did this and the arises, did that, and Frankie Pentangely.
The fact of the matter is that the cancer is inside your building.
So, tumor, it's a gigantic tumor.
Remember to tumor?
Yes, I do.
With a honey tumor.
Get the honey tumor.
So anyway, we'll do this thing because it's a whole article about WQM and 790.
The headline says WQM and 790 bosses trade barbs.
Ooh.
Remember, L-barb, different by Tom Merrimon at Hazel Park.
Hope.
And then we got this press release.
I'm going to go in there and give them some publicity.
On a station that's got a real audience like this show, Oranda Gadsden.
Might even play that bit about Christian Oranda.
Where were we?
That Mo and Gildee bit, Christian Oranda?
I don't think so.
And then we got, of course, these dogs story.
That's probably your favorite.
I just heard about it this morning as a matter of fact.
What?
Dog to Bonnie Hunter?
Yeah.
But when we get rid of it, if you do something wrong, then he will face the consequences.
How surprised are you that the US government?
How surprised how shocked you are that you could be on the year?
I mean, there are so many, that's a good, that's an excellent poll.
We've done that before, but a long time ago.
Somebody who doesn't belong on the year, but who is?
Okay.
We've never done it that way.
You know what I mean?
I don't know.
Now we can take the crawl off of there, because I don't think he's back on the year anywhere.
After he bitched out, poor, what's her name in accounting?
Uh, Lenny Martez is Lenny ever on the year again?
Do we have him, Mr. Lenny, or him?
I haven't seen him on the schedule for a while.
I don't know what the problem is.
Well, there's some of the people who would have been on that poll and probably have it in the past
that they won't be back because they're not on the year.
I think Lenny Martez and the Crow will be a helper, a one-two punch for across the street.
Right after the Troy Strat, no, that's somebody else we like over there.
Troy, we forgot about him.
We like him, he's a good guy.
He's a good guy.
He's a good guy.
He's a good guy.
But that's okay, Troy.
Whatever you've got to do, baby, we like you a lot.
Good man.
Right?
Right.
Scoran City was okay.
She said he was no Roy, but, you know, who the hell could measure up to that?
Roy!
790s V votes on the poll.
We haven't even gotten to that yet, and then we got the whole thing very jackass.
I might spend most of the show on that today.
By the way, the monitor is turned off on the phone.
Hold on, I just, I just, I just telling that.
So if you want to waste your time trying to call in on the show when I'm doing it, you can go ahead, you know, give your
a little finger exercise, which is better than during it in your...
Back home or somebody else's.
But look at that 803 on the poll, man.
We got more people voting on our crappy poll now than they have listening across the street.
That's pretty weak.
That is really weak, Joe.
Weak pathetic sad.
And then when he gets to this thing about all his salaries that the station's paying QM
between 10A and 7PM, see the problem being that that's more than your whole payroll.
Maybe if you'd pay somebody instead of wasting all the money on those stupid dolphin games, maybe if you had some talent
over there, you have an audience, but you don't.
That's what he doesn't understand.
In other words, if cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap, if load-walling is what it's all about, fine.
But by the way, thanks for warning us about not overpaying vote camper because they weren't going to hire him anyway.
Remember that deal?
When he said, had the voicemail on Greg's voicemail, but...
This is your old fine burger.
We're not interested in hiring Kim Bull Camper anyway, so don't overpay him.
Click.
Idiot.
Real idiot.
See, he's shadow boxing.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
He's shadow boxing.
He's competing with himself.
He's like dancing in the dark.
Remember that song, dance together.
That's what he's doing.
You're living in La La land, Joe.
And the only reason for that is because, like Ann Richards said, you were born with a silver foot up your ass or something like that.
And what she said?
Twice.
Yeah.
Before she died.
He killed her.
800 three votes on today's poll, which we'll get to about Conda Leza.
Are you picking on Torcon Leza again?
But beau boy.
We're going to get a lot of people all whipped up about that.
They don't cotton to that.
When you start picking on Torconably, Dr. Rice.
Excuse me.
Dr. Rice.
You have the biggest name.
So best talent to this is...
And we all got your guts for radio.
How can we continue?
4x4.
4x4.
4x4.
4x4.
4x4.
4x4.
4x4.
4x4.
4x5.
5x6.
Merry Christmas!
Hoover Poehler
Hoover Poehler
Hoover
Hoover
I don't want to step on any event. No.
10, 17, and 5, 60 WQM is a happy Friday.
Today is the first day in a long time.
Just don't on me.
I would say it's the first time since June.
When you say that I play...
It's Friday, you bastard.
Right, that's right.
My first Friday, sure.
While this week is gone by,
I seem like only about two, three months for me anyway.
So here's the days pool.
Then we'll get to the meet of the matter with Barry Jackass.
Hey, nice going, Barry.
You're a real good show, a real good supportive show over there.
You gave them a couple of shots.
831 hosts already, the thousand we got licked.
More people than you would ever dream of listening, Joel.
Which of these best describes condolese rice, poor condom, please?
In competent, 195, sell out 180, boy, issue ever.
A sell out.
Can't... Oh, wait a minute.
I haven't had a pool in a long time that we can actually have a thing.
I just can't stand that for that.
174, so that.
I love that.
I just can't stand that for that.
I just can't stand that for that.
I just can't stand that for that.
I just can't stand that for that.
174 said that.
Evil 92.
Bull bike 83.
Brilliant 54.
I hate this pool.
26, 3.1%.
That's a little bit too high.
We're not pleased with that.
She's gross 14.
With that gap tooth, she is real meose.
And butcher 13.
She sure was in a good butcher there in the middle east.
And of course, a good butcher in Iraq too.
Remember, she said, who would have ever believed that?
You know, and then she held up that report that said that was labeled, you know, warnings
that Al-Kinder wanted to do a hijack planes and fly them into buildings.
Remember that August?
Yeah, I had that.
Yeah.
The President was too busy clearing brush dough in proper Texas on the ranch.
Okay, so that's the pool so far.
We've got 839.
We'll get that 1,000 easy before you know it.
Here's the lineup today that we'll sink our teeth into Burjak-ass.
Mad Dog at Who There's Derella between 2 and 4.
Each year hearts out across the street.
Okay, they try hard to get the mad dog.
No, no, no.
And he's worth every penny, whatever the hell they're paying them.
4 to 5, the power hour, which by the way, that was my idea.
Very in fact, that whole afternoon lineup was my idea a long time ago.
And then they finally got around to doing it when they finally discovered a morning show.
The power hour with the Humper and Mad Dog, 4 to 5, and then Humper or a Solo, 5 to 7.
Oh, look at that.
Look, he, look, he, here comes cookie because the Marlin game doesn't start till 735, and it's in Latter.
So the pregame, so Hank has to do two full hours.
How's he going to do that?
Wow.
I love that crossover hour, by the way, especially since it was my idea, but every time I hear those clips,
man, it sounds great.
It sounds like those two are having a great time together.
Good.
It does.
Well, you're not listening because it's got to do with sports.
You just, they entice sports and it's.
Sure.
Marlins on deck at 7 and Marlins at the Braves in Atlanta 735.
They better sweep this series this weekend if they want to hang on any chance because I see Sandy Eagle won again last night.
Does that mean there's, what, three and a half?
Yes.
Three and a half out of the, Marlins for the Wild Car, the Padres, the Padres.
Oh, and then any camp to the baseball game tonight.
That's our Friday lineup.
And then of course tomorrow, I got the Hurricanes going to get their, I didn't hear it. Louisville is pretty damn good.
You get their ranked better than the Canes.
They are really, uh, ass-kickers and they're averaging their score and a ton of points is what I'm told too.
Well, they're running back, uh, broke his leg, so he's out there.
Oh, no.
So, yeah, just like the quarterback, like Rothlesburg couldn't play against it often.
That's your gave them a chance.
They didn't win it though.
They come close.
Right? Right.
So, Louis, oh, and by the way, Willis McGay, he is that his name?
Yeah.
The Buffalo Run event.
Right, but he was played for UM.
Of course.
He was the great UM and then he had both of his leg and he, oh, huh?
They came in.
Right, that's correct.
See, I have to, I have to side out of mind, you know.
And he's the moron that's sitting the game against the Patriots on Sunday.
He said, oh, I thought it was threw down.
Ha, ha, ha.
I mean, he forgot to take that math class at UM.
Right.
Yeah, well, he's a UM flunky or whatever he was.
So what do you expect?
Right.
That spelled F-L-U-N-K-Y.
Flunky, and not as opposed to.
Hey, he could play ball though.
He could run, give me the ball.
Yeah, he's, he's okay.
But he thought it was threw down so he didn't make that extra effort.
You know, he didn't stretch it.
Poo-shit.
And as a result, Patriots got the ball back and we won.
Too bad.
Okay, so very Jackass writes W-Q-A-M-790 bosses trade barbs.
This is, you know, something I'm going to frame this.
I'm going to get a gold frame and I'm going to, I'm going to frame it in gold LaMée.
Very Jackass writes, two years after launching the market's second sports radio station.
Now, this is the third time, by the way, that they've tried for a second sports station.
The first one was 1980, the fan.
That was the one that had more testes, distraught on it.
And Jim Berry and a bunch of other losers remember that?
Mm-hmm.
How many listeners do they have?
About two third men.
Then they went under real fast.
Then there was a 940 after Chief Channel decided to destroy that.
And first they tried like irregular talk and then that didn't work out too well with fractions.
And so then they decided to put on that Fox Sports Radio Network thing, WRFX.
I mean, who would want colliders like W-I-N-Z?
Who would want great colliders like that when you can have WRFX, the Fox?
And then they had two gods on there.
What else did they have on anybody we ever heard of before?
You're asking me?
I'm just asking like, a strong that I would allow you.
I would allow you to eat your ass.
Who else did they have?
Carl Foster.
Carl Foster was on the floor.
Oh, that's right.
There have been three other stations before this one.
There was the 1,400 one that used to be the like ball that station, which is something else
now.
Remember?
And Carl Foster was on there in Anita Marks or whatever her name was, Jack Mark.
And they also went under just like RFX.
How many listeners do they have those two put together?
About 30 men.
And now we've got 790 to ticket.
And I think they got, I think I got a lot more than 30 listeners.
That's maybe 40 or 50.
Very right.
Two years after launching the market's second Sports Radio Station, 790 to tickets.
And keep it in mind.
This is being written by a guy who's in the bag over there.
He's on, you know, wrote the front page story about 790 to ticket.
And they're going to kick ass or QAM because the Harold and that station have it in such a
relationship.
Anyway, he says, 790 to ticket still faces sizeable financial losses and trails WQAM 560 in the
ratings.
Oh, we would do anything to hurt them.
But Joel Feinberg, who owns the company that is leasing 790 signal still speaks boldly
and branchly.
Let me say it again, he owns the company that is leasing 790 signal.
In other words, 790 is still owned by Lincoln Financial, which used to be Jefferson Pilot
and Dennis Collins in that bunch of go-go-am over there.
So they don't even have a radio station.
They're just renters.
That's all they're leasing the signal.
When it's out, rent it out.
For starters, Feinberg dismissed, I don't want to make clear this is Joel Feinberg, not my friend Dick Feinberg,
who got screwed over at Poppock Park.
For starters, Feinberg dismissed rumors his venture might fold.
His lease with 790's owner, Lincoln Financial, has three years left, followed by five one-year options at 790's discretion.
I'm sure people who have heard WQAM's near Roger say I'm going out of business in March Feinberg said,
there's no truth to that.
I heard WQM General Manager Joe Bell went to a sales staff and told him to start a rumor that 790 is going out of business to scare advertisers.
Right.
Bell denied that all of the allegations calling it ridiculous.
And he said Joel, a man in your position can't afford to be made to look ridiculous.
And nobody said?
So what's that?
Yeah.
Feinberg 29, oh yeah, a real big shot with Daddy's money.
I already has reached one conclusion.
He believes the market cannot support two stations, sports stations long-term, and it's just he ultimately will prevail.
Though waiting zone suggests that, Susbury, how do you like that?
He suggests that ultimately he will prevail.
Even though, very soon, the rating goes to just that.
I'm here for the long haul, he said.
790's during stupid money after stupid money.
They're spending more salaries from 10 to 7P and then I spend the whole day.
Maybe that's why I have no audience, Joel, because you're not paying any talent to be on the air over there.
Maybe that's a part of it.
And I hate to break the news to you, Joel, but this station nobody ever lost money on the near-roggersh.
I've been on the air for 100 years in this market.
Nobody ever lost money on this show.
And mad dog in a Humphrey, I think they're going to lose money on those two in the afternoon,
even though of course they got that crossover out.
You think they're going to lose money with Jim Manditch and Hank Goldberg on it?
No way, Jose.
Now, unlike you, which is losing millions on those dolphin broadcasts every year,
and which is allegedly already admitted losing eight million dollars in about a year and a half,
you know, who's making more money, Joel?
Who's more, who's got the numbers? Who's making some money?
But nevertheless, we're throwing stupid money after stupid money.
Then he said, this is my favorite.
Oh, this is going to take a long time.
Good, I could spend two hours on this. Excellent.
He says, WQM went from your father's station to your grandfather's station,
and here comes the grid. This is one of the great lines in the history of morons.
People don't want to hear angry 60-year-old men anymore.
There must be what we got those numbers. You don't have any.
There must be what we got like in the last trend in men 2554,
about a 10-share, and you got a one because the people don't want to hear angry 60-year-old men.
People don't give a crap. They don't check the ID.
It's one thing to go into a club and they check ID, you know?
You go to my cigarettes and they check ID, whatever it is.
But when they turn on the radio, nobody cares how old the people are,
or how much younger and hip are that somebody suggests that they are.
They just want to know if they're entertaining, if there's something there that attracts them,
if they want to listen to it, if there's something interesting,
exciting, something to think their teeth are due.
You jackass, even if they have a bag and check a pen.
Even if they got a bag and they got a walker and they got false teeth,
who the hell gives a crap about it? Wait, I got a rinse.
Absolutely.
Yeah, who cares about that? Well, I mean, some people with a bag.
They don't go to a dollar.
But nevertheless, they keep trying. It's just sad.
It's like bush running around with his war on terror, you know?
And Iraq and war on terror.
He keeps trying to pedal it and everybody says,
please go and settle it to somebody else, go pedal it.
Right? Iraq and bicycle, take it out and pedal it, Joel,
because nobody's buying it.
People go on to your angry 60-year-old men anymore.
Oh, somebody please, buys them the spots on my stage.
You have the biggest name.
The best challenge to this is to buy a house.
You know how you fly to 60-years.
You need them.
Well, I don't hate what you're doing on QAM.
Who's that bag is that gonna get?
I won't want to say that before.
He's not my kind of guy.
When the hell are they doing anyway?
It's a madly-sounding guy, it's really gay.
I want more at Christmas.
But the place is real high.
When I listen to the sports,
I'm mainly boys won't get higher attention.
But we'll really get the stiffness of the shorts.
A squeaky high voice will get the other action.
I'm gonna make a good one for you without QAM.
I'm gonna pack it back on again.
I'm going to this year and straight men would voice this high.
Now I'll have to check deeper in that closet again.
So I can impress on the macho prince.
The check out Chris Moritzite to help us lay in the sun.
Yeah, there ain't nothing I can have in my choice for a judge.
His voice and that scratch should save him.
Well, you're no one.
It had to handle like that.
Now stand up real close to the radio and press it down.
And they're forcing on up there really makes my balls stay close.
And that crow, man, he started in my infrared brother.
Yep.
Yeah, boy, time to see on.
1033, 2077, 411 at 560 WQAM.
What have I told you for a long, long time?
Nero casting, man.
Nero casting, sports talk.
I'm gonna say it again.
The reason that we've had big numbers on this radio station outside of the show is because
Hank Goldberg and Jim Manditz mean something.
Their personalities, that people, everybody in the market knows, they're entertaining.
They're amusing, they're interesting, and people want to hear them all.
But they don't want to hear Hank in the morning.
But nevertheless, am I right?
Yeah.
That's what it's all about.
That's the only reason we got those numbers is because of what it is.
That's why when they took Mad Dog off and they shoved them deep in the afternoon,
between two and four of them might as well shut down for transmitter maintenance.
That way, guys.
I don't know.
He's foul.
But nevertheless, he tried to tell that to sports nerds.
They don't understand that people who live in their own little world, they think that everybody
else, see, that always just bugged me.
People who think that the whole world views, everybody in the world views things the same way
that they do.
So in other words, if you're obsessed with like basketball cards or baseball cards,
oh, everybody wants to hear a baseball card show.
Remember that with Mr. Ego and his baseball card show?
Who does it?
I bet you we had some big ratings on those days.
Anyway, you hear about Katherine Herses playing?
No, what about it?
I'm not just mentioning that because I'm going to go into that stugust thing.
I mean, we can all make mistakes on the air, but this guy is such a, he doesn't belong on the air, okay?
That is a good poll.
Let's take a poll on maybe in the beginning of the week.
Don't let me forget.
All right.
People who don't belong on the air.
I mean, it's not just somebody like that.
Not just radio people don't belong on the air, but there are like TV people who don't have read.
Don't belong on the air.
And he was sent up for when he get read and he did something wrong then.
And he will face the consequences.
How is the furniture you that the US government has?
It just can't be anybody involved with it.
She can't speak.
I mean, I know it didn't make any difference with Tom Brokeau or Barbara Wallwall.
They both had bad speech defect, but she just can't speak at all.
Maybe they're counting on the train wreck factor.
It's got you watching.
Is that what it is?
No, there's no, you're right about that.
I'm obsessed with it.
I came running in here when I saw the vehicle.
As soon as she got out of that dog, the bounty hunter thing.
Because that's the kind of stuff she loves, man.
Her anancy grace.
Just love that crap.
You know, the chicken, a ruba, and of course an ant and a cold with a 20-year-old kid.
Those are the kind of stories they just go freak out about.
Anyway, so Joel Feinberg says, getting back to Barry's calm, which I won't spend more than two or three hours on.
W and Q and one from your father's station, your grandfather's station.
People who want to hear angry 60-year-old men anymore.
That's why old Neil will be 64 in November.
Had an 8-share in men in the last book and about a 10-share in the last train, men 25-54.
Because people who want to hear angry 60-year-old men, well, not 60.
I'm old in that.
Ancient.
W and Q can point to the ratings to the sputheats as Barry in the last ratings period, last book April through June.
In the key demographic group of men, ages 25-54, W and Q and ranked 10th in the market with a 3.5 share.
And 790 was 25th of the 1.3.
In other words, like almost three times.
W and Q and beat 790 every day part.
Rating's having been released since Q of a tank Goldberg shifted afternoons and Kim Bo camper and former Y100 Host Kenny Walker became 560s morning to him on August 28th.
Not to forget about Mad Dog going back where he belonged between 2 and 5.
Feinberg concedes he's not happy with where we're at in the ratings.
How do you like that?
He's not happy with where we're at in the ratings.
He's at his end in federal law.
What is it?
But I couldn't be happy with our line-up he said.
The audience can't say that but he loves it.
Oh my god, let's hear a lot more of that stupid guy saying Daniel a bastard boy.
They can't even keep those losers down here.
Didn't the juice fly out of town?
OJ, am I duffy?
Huh?
Yes, he did.
Yeah, the juice.
So what do they got?
Sid the kid Rosen, Francstein, Bernstein, whatever is Stan Bernstein on there in midday?
What do they got?
We don't even know what they got anymore.
Is anybody on that show with him or is he doing it solo until he leaves town and goes back to New York?
I couldn't answer that question.
Because I'm hearing that he may be driving a cab in New York one of these days soon.
That's the latest rumor I'm starting Joel.
Oh man, Findberg can see that he's not happy with where we're at in the ratings but I couldn't be happier with our line-up.
He clearly loves tweaking the competition very says.
Yeah, tweaked this.
W. Kim's morning show is terrible, Findberg said.
You have one guy Walker who's been introducing just in temper, temper, temper, tinkerbell and all these boy bands paired up with a jock.
They start talking one day about the singer Pink and how Kenny played her song and he goes out for 10 minutes.
And you know what?
Thank God because there are a lot more people interested in Pink than I write about who's taking a shower in the dolphin locker room.
They're straight.
Then he says Joe Rose offers people more.
He's the dolphins analyst.
Well, how do you like that?
Guess who was the dolphins analyst for about 100 years?
I'll give you one guess.
Oh right.
There he is.
In fact, even now when you watch NFL Highlight films as opposed to hearing it played by a play guy.
If you're watching Highlights of Adolfing Game when they actually made a good play.
You know, his voice he heard a background all the time?
Correct.
That's correct.
I mean, is there any comparison between the two?
No.
No, I mean, I like Joe.
He's a good guy and he's a broadcaster.
He's the only broadcaster they have on the air.
The only sportscaster they have on the air.
Like I said, those are good guys.
He's a rocket-roll sports guy.
He's a play by a player.
He's not a talk show host.
And I mean, there's something I'm relieved to hear about this because quite frankly,
if Kenny and Bo are talking about a lot more than just sports, we might actually have a chance for an audience in there.
I don't get to hear much of this.
But that's good news.
Right?
It's a good news.
You're objective.
What do you care more about?
Pink or the Dolphins?
Oh, jeez.
Yeah.
Don't make me choose.
Okay.
And as far as Justin Tinkerbell is concerned, Joel.
Bye, bye, bye!
Yeah.
Anyways, as the ticket effect is running promo saying,
what do you want to listen to?
Joe Roser, Kenny Walker.
Is there really a choice?
Oh, thanks for the promotion, by the way.
How many are like that?
Joe Roser, Kenny Walker.
No, there is no choice.
Because I don't want to hear somebody talking the same sports crap.
Buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh.
That's why I played that bit.
Because I haven't played in a long time.
That one.
Yeah.
Same old stuff.
Buh-buh-buh-buh-buh.
As Rimmer would say.
By the way, don't you miss Ferrell and I, or I?
I miss Ferrell.
Yeah.
Now we miss Ferrell a lot.
Not you, Rimmer.
Go away.
Don't call me again.
Even if she does hate me.
Respond to WQM's Joe Bell.
Kim Bo camper was an all pro player,
even though of course he is...
Tom to his son here.
No, he's all right.
He's loosening up a little bit.
Jim Manis was on the unbeaten 72 team.
Kenny Walker's the often stadium announcer,
whatever that means.
He wants to see the response Joe is.
Kenny Walker is a broadcaster.
Forget about whether he's the often stadium announcer.
He's that real broadcaster who OK belongs on the air.
That's just some dumb jock.
Who was sorry?
Sorry, Bo.
And hey, Goldberg used to announce the games.
No, he didn't announce the games.
He was on the...
He was the colored guy.
He was the colored guy.
He was the colored guy with the Rick Weaver.
Well, yeah.
He was on the...
He was on the broadcast.
I think he's winning.
The fans are beginning to blow the...
blow the...
blow the place election.
If anyone wants to see you,
you can go to the two stations.
Compare Bell says,
open up an arbitrage book and take a look.
Give up cook.
That's what he said.
Give up cook.
What?
And Joe's not even Jewish.
And he said that.
Give up cake.
Find where he acknowledges he's losing money.
But he won't say how much millions, millions.
I guess he forgot his earlier statements about how...
how much a genius he was to be able to lose
eight million of daddy's money in a year and a half.
I'm by no means a worried man.
He says we continue to beat ad revenue projections.
You know how many dollars they're taking in this week?
About 30 bucks.
That's interesting.
Because some of the sales...
Don't we have their former sales manager on our powerful sales team now?
I think we do.
Who is...
I can't keep track anymore, you know.
I think he spilled the beans about how they were crying in their soup about all day.
We couldn't sell the dolphins for a lover of money.
Everyone that dolphins, Josh, got off to that great start last year.
Well, they usually get off to the start.
Oh, but they didn't get off to a very good start.
And then of course they did win the last six in a row.
But by that time, you know, all the money was done to the toilet.
There's a lot more to this, by the way.
I won't spend more than two, three hours on it.
I'm the biggest name.
So what's the amount of energy to power in?
We are Rodgers.
Four-spot over the Mad Dog Hill.
We are the Mad Dog Hill.
New York.
Yeah.
Do you know what it is?
On ABC.
Nine of liquid.
All Clinton's small.
Find out why your ground-church leaders are accountable for nothing.
Ever for anything.
We'll show you that tower-spauling over and over again.
To realize the significance of the city.
Five years have gone by.
Two longer goals for most of you to remember.
But nine-eleven was entirely bill-clinced in Swalf.
You just remember that.
Especially with the elections coming up.
Democrats bad.
Republicans.
Move.
Democratic.
Republicans.
Democrats bad.
Republicans bad.
Republicans bad.
Republicans bad.
Republicans bad.
Republicans bad.
Republicans bad.
I'm 11.
All Clinton's fault.
Or nine-eleven.
That they bill Clinton.
Blow up the towers and everything in the world.
Don't look at them.
Look at him.
Go to the east of that guy.
Tonight on ABC.
Your subservient Mickey Mouse Network.
For 1046 at QM, I don't want to spend more than five-six hours on this thing.
If you tune in late, a very jackass has hit the jackpot today in this morning's herald.
Big article here, WQM and 790 bosses trade barbs.
Oh, there's the phone.
I must mean your package is on.
Oh, thank God.
Wouldn't that be great?
It was worth it.
Anyway, I got a long way to go here.
Fiber acknowledges he's losing money, but won't say how much.
On by no means a worried man, he says, we continue to beat Ed Revenue Projections.
This past spring, the ticket persuaded the Dolphins Sea of the Station of Rights V Reduction,
which Fiber won't discuss.
So in other words, instead of paying five million, they're probably paying like former to know.
And still don't lose the rest.
In exchange, the Dolphins are allowing Big 105.9 to simulcast the games on FM,
which cuts into 790's audience.
The Dolphins met with WQM last spring,
could consider returning the games to 560 in 2007.
Wouldn't that be a kick in the ass, Joel?
Welcome.
After you lost all that money, Chris put in Jimmy Cifalos on there.
That was a real love.
That was an active rocket science anyway.
And screwing over the moment.
In the mad dog.
Anyway, it says it was no coincidence.
Very says that 790's highest ratings came last fall.
It's first year airing Dolphins games.
And believe you me, there was nothing to write home about.
Now here comes this.
This could be some of the funniest stuff in history mankind.
He ought to have his own show on there.
I have a goal of being the number one sports radio station in the market.
And I won't stop until I get their five percent.
WQM hates my existence.
Every day it takes money out of their pocket.
They will say anything or do anything to disrupt my business.
You may have heard those rumors that your people are starting inside your building over there.
That are disrupting a business.
This is the part of his roar cry.
He's got two basic things.
We'll do anything to hurt them.
And nobody wants to listen to old men on the radio.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
He's got some great thing over there that anybody would want to hear.
So here's what Barry says.
And of course, keep in mind, this is Barry Jackass,
who the hero has this incestuous relationship with them over there.
So Barry allegedly is giving an objective view here.
He says the view here of 790 after two years,
the ticket has done a lot right, including offering numerous big name guests.
Schedule in Chris Mortensen and Wifchettley Kleber,
comedian Frank Calliendo, is regular football season segments on Daniela Bastard show.
And piecing together its best talk show, a lot of since its launch, since launch time.
Also, Rose has a shot to win the 7-10 AM race,
if you can lure some of the hardcore sports fans who might drift from WQM's morning show.
Right.
I'll take a one thing here about as much chance at Joe winning the morning against Kenny and Bois.
There is a risk of my finding a million dollars under my ass right now.
Then he goes on to say, Barry,
but it's difficult to envision 790 out rating WQM in the foreseeable future if ever,
if ever.
And then here comes this next sentence here.
Okay. And this being written by a puss,
who never even acknowledges the fact that I exist.
It will be impossible for the ticket to win during Roger's Hour,
it's 10 AM to 2 PM,
and difficult to make inroads against WQM's formidable afternoon lineup,
bolstered by the Goldberg Mandage 4-5 PM pairing,
which was an inspired idea.
Whose idea was it, Barry?
You couch potato jackass, you little piece of turd.
Bell the client to respond to several of the fineberg shots, but offered this zinger.
I don't listen to them or focus on them.
I focus on our product.
Well, it's about time, Joe.
Unlike Joel, there is somebody I have to report to other than my daddy.
Oh, what a shot that is.
I think Joe has taken a little bit of a shot there at Joel Fineberg,
and I'll get it again.
Proves that we'll do anything to hurt them.
Taking a cheap shot like that.
Nice going, Joe.
We got 948 votes.
You know we're going to be close to 1,000 by 10 o'clock.
Not that I mean.
It gets us to buy us pull.
But you know something, Joel, that probably tears his kikis out.
1,000 votes, my ass, because he knows that you could fit their whole
between mid-day when the show is done.
You could put their whole audience into a phone booth,
and everyone for the Chinese army left over.
In fact, when he says, I'm sure people have heard me arrive here,
saying going on a business in March, that's because he knows everybody's listening to this show.
Everybody who's listening to the radio in this town right now is listening right here,
unless they don't speak English.
And he knows that.
So you might as well sign off between 10 and 2.
Shut it down, baby.
Like the beach boys said, shut it down.
Remember that?
They said that.
They sang it.
So anyway, here's the bulletinons to God's.
Somebody hands him a press release.
Was this yesterday this afternoon while state of September?
I don't.
Very well.
Shut it down.
Capital record to the bleach boys.
Hey Brian, put away the teddy bear and wake up.
So earlier in the week, I guess somebody must have handed this press release to
Stoogas while he was on the year.
Now keep in mind, he's the general manager over there,
because dad he's got a lot of money.
And again, he was on Fox because dad he's got a lot of money.
Now he's the general manager.
But he's also on the year with Daniel Abastard when he acted known, I guess, isn't it?
Isn't that the way it works, Josh?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So Stoogas, and when he was on our station, what did I say?
Nice guy doesn't belong on the year to say hello or goodbye.
Did not always say that.
See, at least I'm consistent.
Like Joe Rose, I'm not going to tell you he thinks just because he's over there.
He's a great guy.
He's a good on the year.
He's a broadcaster.
I like Joe.
Good people.
And by the way, he hates them like poison.
See, and let me just before I get into Stoogas, make one other thing abundantly clear
to all these losers over there across the street.
The only reason you even had an open door, even a crack in the door to have any opportunity to compete,
was because of the series of incredible blunders by Greg Read over a period of three or four years.
That's the only reason there was any in road there.
I mean, I don't even have time to list all the blunders he made.
You know what, with the Mohawar, David Edden and the Stern Fiasco and the Ferrell,
I'm trying to lose the license for us, all this other stuff.
That's the only reason.
And it all started when he blew up the first team.
That's when it started.
And then Joe Rose came back, which I don't know why the hell Joe was foolish enough to do that,
but we all make mistakes.
And then they lied to him and lied to him and lied to him and stabbed him in the back.
That's why he wound up over there.
So that's the only reason they had anything at all.
And of course, they haven't seized the opportunity anyway, because they stink.
So anyway, somebody hands this to Stoogas, he's on the year.
And it's a press release.
In fact, on the top of the press release, it says,
another generation of quality foods.
And on the bottom it says, their website, www.goldrubinvali.com.
So it's probably a pretty good indication.
It's in North Miami.
Pretty good indication.
This isn't a sports press release.
Right?
Right.
By the way, here about cancer and here is.
So anyway, for former dolphins wide receiver, Orrande Gadden, signs on with Buffalo.
So Stoogas goes over to think, oh, you imagine how desperate the bulls are.
They slide around together.
Oh, the bulls.
They didn't sign with the bulls.
You moron, you idiot, you quizzling.
You fairly cyppled them.
What it says is, former dolphins wide receiver, Orrande Gadden OG,
has just signed a deal with Buffalo to Dolphans delight, however, it's not with the bulls.
Instead, Dolphan favorite number 86, signed an endorsement deal with food manufacturers
Gold Ribbon Valley, endorsing their healthy line of Buffalo buys and knock-worsed brisket
and meat products, which will be sold at Dolphans stadium starting this Sunday, a September 17th.
See, I'm willing to promote it.
That's because we have an audience.
They're probably pretty happy about that.
Credited with catching the last touch that I never thrown by Hall of Fame quarterback, Dan
Marino, Gadden can now be credited with another great catch, the newest health food craze,
Bison Buffalo meat.
I'm aware that they had the same legal counsel, Gadden Med Steve Chase, the founder of Gold Ribbon
Valley by Fluk, where OG became hooked on Chase's product and was placed to accept the endorsement
offer.
A story in itself chased the grandson of Hebrew National founder Lenny Pines, has the same
passion for his vising products as his grandfather had when creating the craze for the first
kosher hot dog.
Oh, Gadden and Gold Ribbon Valley will be unveiling their new product at Dolphan Stadium.
This Sunday, September 17th, at the first regular season home game against the bills, all
are in hopes that while the dolphins are crowning the bills on the playing field, we're not
all.
Dolphans will be taking a bite out of Buffalo with the OG Coral Chias, Coral Chias, located
in the party zones of the stadium.
How do you like that?
So right away, he jumped to the conclusion, oh, a rendez-sign with the bills.
They're desperate.
Yeah.
Nice going, Stu Goss, and by the way, Captain Harris' playing is still off-tourist.
So that's the way it goes over there.
It's very jackass.
I spent an hour on that.
Pretty damn close to it.
That's a shame.
I got so much other important stuff to talk about today, like Doug de Bounty.
A lot of people are wondering, here's the Mechkukken government showing this.
How surprised are you with the US government?
It's not seriously.
There's no way that she can be on there.
We have to all be in some kind of a collective dream.
You know what I mean?
We're all between Bush and the racquetack and the fact that even on our poll, 6.4% of
the neo-Rajas audience is Condoleez is brilliant.
Even after all of the things, all the lies and all the BS and how could anybody have
ever dreamed that anybody would use hijack planes and fly them into a building?
This is the same bitch who held up that folder during those 9-11 investigation hearings
and was asked to read the title of the report and said, oh, I'll cut an intent on attacking
within the US and using planes to fly into buildings.
Hijacking planes.
And she gets up there and, yeah, see, these people think we all have this amnesia or
in this dream world with Joel Feinberg and I'll forget Joel will do anything to hurt
you guys.
The biggest name of the best allies in the world is neo-Rajas, 4th radio 560, QAL.
This is the neo-Rajas show.
This is the dream.
Any questions?
Well, she kissed our workers, taken by the animatis at CBS.
No!
Yes, she's at CBS.
Even though she had be braving, all the critics say that this is a mess.
Oh, yeah, they say it's a mess.
They don't like the question we wear, but we have to make sure that we don't have to
I don't like the question we wear, but we have to make sure that we don't have to make
sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have
to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to
make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to
make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to
make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to
make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to
make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to
make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to
make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to
make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don't have to make sure that we don
you we're about going 999 votes on a pool. Not as weak as Joe Slyna I would her across the street.
So we get the latest rumors about that bite the way.
Brother 976 let's get the right number on there which are these Best describes condaleza rice.
I ought to play that original Congolese in New York.
You know what?
Very high.
Double dog the Bounty hunter dairy.
Really?
Do you think if I've played it the really cross configurations when we use it.
on the year this afternoon? Somebody would do it.
Okay, so anyway, 9.79, which of these best describes condolese?
Oh, and you know something I can go back to that can't stand that slut again too?
Oh, that's a pin in the ass. Incompetent 235, a sellout
212, is there any doubt about that? No. Oh, and then...
I just can't stand that slut. 194.
Evil 104. Bullbike 100. Come on, I've
voted for that though. Bullbike. You have to be deaf, dumb, and blind not to know that.
Brilliant 64. 6.5% of the audience says she's brilliant.
That's the same. Now, at least with our audience, it's not that 33 or 35% like the total American
audience out there who continue to kiss up to the bush crowd even though
on to his neo-fascist garbage and all these lies and all these dead people
and bloodshed. 69% of this audience thinks she's brilliant.
Based on what I have no idea. Does she come across you as being brilliant?
Kind of like... Lea's there? I hate this poll 34, 3.4% too high.
Gross 17 and a butcher 16.
Well, she works in the butcher shop with... you know who, don't you?
A lot of people, three of the Geneva Convention bill. There he is. Oh, he's going to be doing a press conference
surely or your president. I think we're going to carry some of that. No.
Although the station is very big on press conferences but only if they have to do with sports.
Let's see, here's another fact that says... and why did you waste my time with that
previous facts? What was that? Oh, I just say for you at all to me.
It's in the circular file out here. It says, two gods can't get fired.
He just bought a new BMW so he needs the money to make his payments. BMW inside
scoop. Well, that's fine. The only problem being he's got a rich daddy.
So the making difference whether he gets fired did it or not. Got a rich daddy. Just like you'll find
it. But you're people born with a silver spoon up their ass.
That's the whole deal. Trying to play radio. See, I'll stand again for the...
I don't want to spend any more time on that because I got too many fish to fry here.
Have an engraving or cookout. Maybe we get some of that buffalo meat from
Aronda Getson before he joins the bills for some of these games.
But you can't talk your way into an audience joy. You've been trying to do it for about
two years now. It doesn't work. It isn't going to happen. You can't create it out of
fiction. You can't keep talking about how happy you are when you're a line up.
And you can't keep the ass in the public. They don't want to hear it. They don't want it.
If I try to sell Halibut to the Eskimos, they don't like it. They don't
want it. He thinks that Fatibik, Fatibok and of course he and very
probably the start to contrive contrabors to whip up. And just like
the same thing with Greg Kotex. Remember that with that Tony pull? He was taking
on line on his blog. And I'll tell you right now, sure we wound up
tilting the balance on that. Because they were trying to do the same thing.
So we got to jump on him. We made him look like a bunch of monkeys that they are.
When we got that memo, remember that memo from one of their upper or
shots there at $7.90 and we want all the people to make sure they vote on this.
They say, right, there you go. So they're trying to load it up and fold it up.
Which they were doing a pretty good job there early on. And making it look like they were somewhat competitive.
And so we stuck it to him, baby. Stuck it to him. This business of comparing Danny
to a bastard. I've seen him on the ESPN. When I was down there last time, I heard some of his
pathetic performance. He's weak. Weak. Oh, but he's so much
hip or in younger. Yeah, he's younger than Jim Nanditz. Okay. Does that mean he's a broadcaster?
No. Does that mean anybody we do want to listen to it at all? No.
Comparing him with Jim Nanditz is such an insult. It's so ridiculous.
It's insanity. It's lunacy. So I comparing which waltz with Mal Allen.
It's just foolishness, nonsense. Anyway, moving along.
I've said my pay. I just don't want to say too much to hurt those guys.
Because we do like Joe and we like, uh, uh, uh, Troy and we like, uh, fat, what's his name?
Zach. Zach, crans in your pants. $9.91.
You know something next time I refresh that we're going to be over a thousand. It's just really after 11 o'clock.
Take that and put that in your pipe and smoke it. You'll are stupid as Pol.
Anyway, Dwayne Dog Chapman. Now you just found out about this this morning.
Just this morning is better. What kind of a, uh, what is your story?
I don't follow dog as closely as you do. Really?
The US government. Oh, your brutal.
No, I'm not brutal. She is. Yeah. She is to television.
What, uh, most of the people across the street are to radio.
Don't belong on you. And believe me, we've had plenty of people who don't belong on the air and talked about it at great length on their show.
Lenny Martez, the crow. Of course. Oh, when's he going over there?
Now wouldn't that be something in now?
If we get the dolphin games back next season and again, I was just in very, very started that rumor about how QM met with the dolphins.
And maybe there's a possibility we'll get them back next year.
Certainly not for $5 million. I'm going to see that.
How much are they going to pay us?
Right. Especially after they go like three and thirteen this season.
But, uh, who would we have doing the games? Yeah, I don't think it would be him.
I know who the color guy would be.
Oh, right. Yeah. I mean, is there any doubt about that? No. Right? Right.
I mean, there is no question about that. But it's for, and of course, you know what he always says about the dolphins.
They play like men and they look like women.
Right. But who would be doing to play by play? Do you think Josh maybe gets him for back?
Uh, I don't know. They'd have to find somebody.
It's really nice to be a syphilis. No, God. Oh, my God.
No, I don't know. Jimmy syphilis sounds like an old lady with her legs tied together.
But at any rate, Dwayne Dogg Chapman, the self-proclaimed world's most famous bounty hunter who achieved no to, of course, look, we got Joe Zagaki.
So who now are we to talk about anybody else? Right? I mean, that in itself is such...
It's very similar to the read-to-cause-be thing. You think about it and you shake your head and you say,
no, this can't be happening. This isn't possible. It's just not possible. Dwayne Dogg Chapman, the self-proclaimed world's most famous bounty hunter who achieved no to, of course,
having thousands of bail jumpers, was arrested yesterday for allegedly jumping bail in Mexico.
U.S. Marshals arrested the star of the A&E reality show, Dog the Bounty Hunter, and his home in Hawaii through request of the Mexican government.
And of course, there are a few worse slime balls in the world than the Mexican government.
All the people, and that's why so many slime balls run to Mexico when they want to hide, because the Mexican government virtually never prosecutes anybody.
Unless, of course, they happen to be, you know, in Tijuana and maybe out on a bender like, what was that movie again, losing it? That's what it was.
Very good. Chapman, well, John Stockwell was in that, so I couldn't really show the world. And your favorite.
Oh, and don't forget about Tom Cruise. Sorry, Tommy. Chapman was wanted in connection with this highly publicized 2003 capture of Max Factor,
Cosmetics Air Andrew Luster, who fled to Porto Viotta, Mexico after skipping out on a million dollar bail.
I think he wanted a trip to Porto Viotta on a Hollywood squares, though.
Luster was later convicted in absentia on 86 charges involving drugging of three women with the date rape drug, GHB, and raping them.
Luster serving 124 years sentence. And the dog is the one who went down there and nailed his ass.
Authority, and I watched this piece yesterday. Authorities have any idea where Luster was, and he went down there, the bounty hunter, and nailed his ass.
Aren't you proud of the dog? Very much so. Get him off the ear, though. Get him off that A&E man. Stop.
Yeah, you don't want to remind you of A&E putting that crap on the ear and putting that other silly person on where I can't, I just can't think of what his name is. What's his name?
A original, a freak worse angel. It would be like me sitting here reading all these articles by Noam Tromsky and playing drop-ins like that.
Obviously, you have a six-cently humor like about that Rita Crosby thing. You have to cross the dog show with the same thing.
He chases down scum people.
Oh, you got a thousand six votes, y'all.
Oh, no. How do you like that line by Burie? They have no chance of ever beating the neo-roger show between 10 and 2.
None. Zero. They'd have to kill me first. Go ahead. He tackles down scum, he people, and sprays them in the face with mace, and it's hysterical.
Are you starting rumors about Joel again? Oh, you mean dog? Yeah. Yeah. It's hysterical.
Oh, in other words, you watched that show. You were responsible for being on A&E. That's right.
I wouldn't mind if it was on like once a week, but they have the substation just like when they put that throwing, they put that throwing up god-y thing under they had it on like 75 times a week.
They put dog on a lot because it happens to get a rating number. A young woman, a young punk watching you. Yeah, punk.
It's hysterical. It's like, if you're that much into dog, you want to hear about this. You don't even know the story for the price.
What happened to a freaking beaters? Chapman Sun Leeland was also a rest of yesterday as was colleague Tim Chapman, who was unrelated but considered a blood brother by dog according to the reality show's website.
He's a blood brother. Yeah, they swapped it. Marshall's knocked on the door of Chapman's home just after 6 a.m. Well, we don't have, I don't have to read this.
We could play that simple eating thing there with his wife carrying on. Where is it? I can't believe this is happening again. That's the dog's wife.
But this really good man. This people went and get this for those three young women who've been violated so badly.
And he will stand up for when he get rid of him. He did something wrong. Then he will face the consequences.
How surprised are you that the US government? I mean a lot of people are wondering.
Chapman was cooperative Bieber said he was handcuffed and placed in the back of the government.
Beep less deputy US Marshall J.B. Bieber. Chapman's wife Beth told MSNBC, a resident was being held in the federal detention center in Honolulu.
The arrest warrant is under CO charges expected to be announced today when Chapman scheduled a peer before a magistrate's court in Honolulu.
Larry Bucktrick, chief of the criminal division of the US attorney's office in Hawaii said Chapman was arrested by Mexican authorities in June 2003.
On charges of illegal detention and conspiracy, the magistrate will determine whether Chapman can be executed to Mexico.
And the final decision will be made by the US Secretary of State, according to the US attorney's office and a wife.
Condole the US Secretary of State, not Condemps, please.
Mexican police said that the three men should do lust outside of nightclub, put them in an SUV and drove them off June 18 2003.
Police stopped the vehicle soon afterward and took them in into custody. Chapman and his crew were not authorized to track lust or intrepid them into custody in Mexico.
Mexican officials said at the time adding that bounty hunting is illegal in Mexico.
Well a lot of illegal. They sure a lot of slime balls run them down there.
Judge Jose De Jesus Peneita, Jesus the judge, ordered the three men to stand trial and charges of unlawful detention and deprivation of freedom charges which carry sentences up to four years in prison.
Peneita granted them and bail 1500 each but the three were supposed to check in regularly with police and get Peneita's permission before traveling outside the Mexican state of Jalisco, a prosecutor said.
Jalisco demanded not supervising prosecutor Marco Roberto Suarez said in July 2003.
Threatening to have them arrested and returned to Mexico if they missed their schedule of friends before Peneita Peneata.
The following months of peer court church Edward Brody invented a county California rule that Chapman wasn't in federal any of the million dollars in bail money forfeited by lust or when he fled to Mexico.
I can't do vigilante justice Brody said. My view you violated state statutes and Mexican statutes.
Therefore you're not entitled to any restitution. Chapman later said he was proud he had captured lust and were regretted doing it in the wrong way.
Dogged about 100 which Chapman has family chased down bail jumpers and other fugitives is one of Asmo A and E's most popular series.
It's in its third season. And George loves it. And the trailer tracks they all of it too man. That's right.
He looks there are all COVID. He looks like Hulk.
The trailer tracks are the stars. Especially the pictures real dark like the one on our MySpace.com. We got 500 and what 90 something 596.
996 friends in MySpace. That's more people than you have listened to all day long.
As a matter of fact you know I wrote down I wrote from the last trend I wrote down the day parts. I'll do that when we come back.
Okay. Okay. Comparing QA M and many team plus QA M and 790.
I mean who wants to listen to angry 60 year old men for Christ's sakes like what's the next bad old faggot? Who wants to hear that Joel?
14 past 11. Have you ever felt that the moment you pay for something is the moment of store stops caring?
Dog of Macris is at their best after you make the purchase. That's right. Called Dog of Macris at 1-800 Macris.
Get factory red prices lower than the chain stores. Dog of Macris also has 12 month financing for you. What's not to like? Call 1-800 Macris.
You should get the lowest prices on the best brands. Seely, sort of King Coral Simmons tempera pete.
Steerings and foster a hew it. He can do it. Dog of Macris has got a 99.7% on time delivery rate too.
All you do is pick the two hour window that you want. Pick the date and time seven days a week, eight into 10 p.m.
Like say Wednesday from noon to two. When it's convenient for you when you're going to be home and they show up on time.
Even the very same day that you call for matter. If you call right now you can be sleeping like a child as soon as tonight.
And Dalai Macris delivers to after cares one of the major reasons why direct number one customer satisfaction.
I've been using them for years and believe you me they never let you down. They always bring your fantastic goods and the best price is going.
So for the easiest piece of shopping you'll ever do just sit there on your fat ugly ass and make that one easy call to Dalai Macris.
1-800 Macris 1-800 MATTRES leave off the last as because it stands for stupid Joel.
The biggest name of the best talent to be this is real Roger's 4th radio 560.
It's Friday you best.
I'm happy. I'm excited. I am extraordinary. I am. I am. I just do what I do. I repeat my way.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
