Oh, alright! Sports fouls!
Just in time for Christmas, Elton John's biggest hits on one CG, including your song.
It's a little bit funny, the smell inside.
Don't let my lunch come out of me.
Don't let me out!
Yeah!
Guess you're all in the wind.
And it seems to me you lived your life like a day.
I don't know when.
Saturday night is all right for a few days.
Saturday night is all time.
I guess that's why they call it the flu.
I cannot find a cause of...
Get yours now.
Hey, happy generic holidays to all you were heavons out there.
10-1-5-60-WDQ-A-M.
Let's take a look at that award-winning schedule now.
We got Mad Dog back today too.
Is that correct?
I don't want to get another schedule to say,
Oh gee, he said, you know, like I did yesterday.
Although I did say the right schedule tonight.
I don't know.
And you're not paying attention.
And you don't care.
That's a bad part.
By the way, thanks to Allison and the nice people at Borg George, a little a birthday cake yesterday.
And then he said, party for him and he said, boy, what an old turd.
I was touched.
Where you wish.
It's special places.
Mad Dog had to power hour with Hank and Mad Dog together, four to a five, then a hubbush solo, five to seven.
Ever find out why he's trying to birthday?
I mean, the Christmas party Monday night?
Yes.
No.
Panther preview had said, I heard guilty just now on the morning show.
That should be real ratings booster.
Panther's in the ass sabers.
That could be really ugly at 739, followed by the head cap and show.
Wow.
You'll love this story to get a start and we're going to take a million calls to you watch.
Here's the first one.
Q-I-M, hello.
Okay, here's the first story.
Man find for tossing pig at hotel.
How do you like that?
You threw a pig at the hotel?
West Point, Mississippi.
Well, they do things like that in West Point, Mississippi because they ain't much else going on.
When pays fly indeed, it says, Kevin Pugh, 20.
You ever get on the road and you get behind to the next two way of pig truck?
Then you say Pugh?
Yes.
Oh, I'm sure it's here.
Have you ever smelled it?
No.
Wow.
Oh, man.
You never have?
I mean, I smell it.
Holy minimum.
Oh, man.
Then you just want to give up your brat worst forever.
All along, I just couldn't do it.
Couldn't give up my fork.
Kevin Pugh, 20 of Cedar Bluff, has been fine.
279 bucks for tossing a pig over the counter.
At the holiday in Express, West Point on November 12th.
Pugh played a guilty Tuesday in city court to a charge of disduring the peace.
He threw a pig over the counter.
West Point, police lieutenant Danny McCaskel said Pugh didn't know the employees of the
hotel.
There was no evidence in toxication with the factor.
No one was injured including the pig.
Thank God.
This was the silliest thing I've ever seen McCaskel said almost every officer we had was involved
because the incidents kept happening in different hours.
McCaskel said Pugh was accused of walking into the hotel and throwing a 60-pound pig over
the counter.
He said it was a prank.
McCaskel said it must be some redneck thing because I haven't ever heard anything like
it before.
See, the redneck's they got their own pranks, you know?
Ain't that funny?
Like that.
Yeah.
McCaskel said there have been four late-night incidents involving animal tossing in the
West Point of Ministers, twice a pig was tossed and two of the incidents involved possums.
I know people they like to like possums.
All four of the disturbances are placed between two and four and a more in McCaskel said,
well, at least it's something going on there.
Pugh was accused of a second animal throwing incident at a hearty's restaurant.
He pleaded innocent in disturbing the peace-net case of a appearance city court on December
19.
Doesn't say whether through a possum, a pig or a porky pine or whatever you threw at the
hearties.
And that's great.
Maybe it's had a hearty appetite.
Maybe the pig had a hearty appetite.
Or maybe they're having like a pig roast.
Maybe this stuff is asked on a spit.
I don't know, but it's a redneck thing.
Strange.
Redneck's our strange.
Here's our poll from yesterday.
We had 1663 votes.
Wow.
And that's then George's in a fine job of changing the poll on there.
Well, I was plunging my gut and whatever it is, what mine had a great day as a matter
of fact.
It had a good machine line.
Yeah, I got to tell you a little story about human nature.
One of the regulars, this woman, I'd say she's like in her late 40s, mid 40s, whatever
she is.
Some blonde bimbo.
So she shows up yesterday and I just barely sit down a little while.
And she said a couple of machines for me and she's asking me how are they doing?
How are they paying?
Oh, she's moaning.
Well, I'm always losing.
You know, like I need to hear her problems.
So she sits down at the dentist machine since Abe Lincoln.
And I'm doing great.
You know, my machine is hot as a pistol and all of a sudden I get 2000 on the line.
I get five times, the purple seven, five times, two grand.
And she's all good for you and then she looks for a second and says, why couldn't that
be my machine?
That's the way it works, honey.
Oh, but you ever hear a sexual line?
Yeah.
And then I'm playing a little bit more and I get like a spin for 400 and almost immediately
200 on the line.
Oh my gosh.
She's like, you know, very happy for me, but in a very, a derogatory way.
In other words, that bastard.
How come he's getting all the action?
Because you're on a dead machine, honey, but anyway, getting back to the pool.
It's just amusing.
You know, it's not important that you succeed, but everywhere else fail.
Oh, come on, I'm doing so bad.
Because you're a dumb bimbo.
That's why did you get out of my face?
16th and 16th votes on the pool.
Who's your favorite choice for president in 2008?
Al Gore and Barack Obama were in a death, a match, a death lock, a death grip.
They were gripping it.
But Al kept an inch in a waist, you know, slow gets the job though.
That's Al.
Slow and steady.
457 for Al Gore, 4 to 18 for Barack Obama.
Holy yeah, what is that?
39 apart?
Is that math correct?
Yes.
How could I not know?
I mean, like a mathematical wizard.
39 apart.
I'm brilliant.
And a wonderful person, by the way.
They all stuck 238 Hillary Clinton, 194.
But she ain't doing well with our crowd.
I'll tell you that.
Now, maybe that's because we revile her or like that.
That could be, but we're not the only ones.
Too bad.
There are a lot of people she's a polarizing figure, man.
Rudy Giuliani, 117, John McCain, 86.
Restly Clark, who eats a hell of a Rubin sandwich, 46 when he's in Hollywood.
Rest of the time, he's eating trache.
Yeah, as a matter of fact, wouldn't a Rubin sandwich would be trache, wouldn't it?
All of this would have cheese on it?
Sure it does.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, trache.
Jeff Bush, your fat ass governor, 29.
I just, every time I mention, if Jeff Bush now, I'm going to be thinking about
that in this performance.
That is just breathtaking.
John Kerry, 25, Joe Biden, 18, I hate this fall 16, only 0.9%.
I can't remember the last thing we had to pull, we're only 0.9%
that I hate this fall.
How do you like that?
Huh.
Maybe we'll take that pull every day.
George Fattacchi, the outgoing New York governor, who's about to, as exciting as a dead frog,
a dead possum, 10, Evan Byne, from Indiana, who's not a bad guy, but nobody knows Evan Byne.
So, bye-bye.
Bye-bye to Evan Byne.
Now, today's pull, which, boy, it comes at a really interesting time.
And of course, that's why I'm doing it, I guess.
Now, did you add, uh, oh yeah, I see.
That's what I should have voted, good and bad results.
Look at that, we already got 912 votes under today's pull.
Now, what time did you make the, uh, chain?
Did you feel the chain?
Five o'clock, straight.
Wow.
So, that ain't too bad, huh?
We might have somebody listening out there.
It's probably because all those good phone calls we got back under, since we can go Monday.
Got it, they good.
Right?
When you're chocolate about it.
Oh, I told myself a funny joke.
That's what they want to hear is them calls, man.
Buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh.
And that isn't even a good, uh, you know, buh-buh.
You know, if you're gonna do buh-buh, do a good one.
Not a bad, buh-buh.
912 votes have you ever met anybody on the internet?
Oh, don't, please, I'm begging you.
Oh, well, you know, and you made a good point this morning when we were confibrillating.
And that is when you say, met somebody on the internet.
It's not necessarily the first time.
In other words, usually, I mean, it could be.
It could be the first time, or it could be like finding somebody again that you wish you never would have found again.
You know, like that.
Mm-hmm.
By the way, Miguel, oh, and I forgot to ask you this morning what that was all about.
And you, uh, facetmia facts.
Okay.
Because you won't answer on the ear.
It's obviously a personal and embarrassing, uh, whatever the situation is getting.
Yeah, I'm not gonna talk.
If you would tell me what it is, I wouldn't talk about it.
Jesus, God.
But anyway, he should, uh, you know, whatever the problem is, I think he's in the wrong.
That my space page, although, you know, there's some really nifty stuff under there.
And there's some very neat people under too, and then there's always some others.
Have you ever met anybody on the internet?
912 votes.
And of course, the internet's a great place for people to play pranks, play games,
dittle around with your screw with your stuff like that.
Am I right?
All right.
I just let you have facts explaining the whole thing.
Okay.
Well, I mean, it's not, I'm not a human only.
I'm not a nosy person.
In fact, I don't, uh, I don't worry about stuff like that.
My, as you well know better than anybody else, my involvement with the people I work with on a scale of zero isn't a minus column.
Am I correct?
Correct.
I just, I mean, I don't want to go up to people's lives and the fact that you and your wife hate each other, everybody's known that for years.
Have you ever had the fact that she had that unwanted kid?
Have you ever met anybody on the internet?
920.
No, 343.
Oh, I salute you.
I pat you on the head and I wish you a wonderful life and believe me, you're probably having one.
Don't chat with anybody online, 294.
Well, you know something I'm really proud of that.
In fact, the chat craft, the chat rooms, that's for morons.
People like chat online.
That is, if you go on the bottom of a ship and you find the barnacles, whatever is seven layers below the barnacles, that's the level of human existence the chat rooms are.
It's just pathetic.
So they put those together, they got like 69.69%.
Okay, let's see.
Oh, geez, well, that, that, what is, that's your joke and I'll set you down with it.
Oh, you know what I'm saying.
I'm not going to talk about it.
He's a good guy like him until he put that Dan MySpace page on it.
Now, he really has taken 10 years off my life.
He's personally responsible.
10 years at least.
That's right.
No, I'm just joking again.
You're okay.
It was the best of intentions and I'll read the second page.
Not on the ear though.
I'm not going to read it on the ear.
I wasn't going to read it on the ear.
God, you are.
You know, you have so little faith in me that would mistake you from some of the rules.
Yeah, it is.
In my right, Josh, he has no faith in me.
He doesn't trust me.
He's got the faith.
Just you know, yeah, faith faith faith.
Anyway, yes, and it turned out well.
178.
Maybe some of those people got married from somebody mid on the ear.
And we're at least got laid or got something.
You know, or got made made a good friend.
You know, that's what people use MySpace for a lot of the time.
What, get laid to hook up.
No, I know a few people that have sealed the deal.
Really?
They've sealed the squeal?
Get out of here.
What is this?
I don't want to hear that.
That doesn't tell me anything.
Okay, so I don't want to know about that.
Sorry, I asked.
Okay.
Yes, and it turned out well.
178.
Yes, and it was a disaster of 46.
That was my vote.
But then again, I was thinking about it this morning.
I thought, well, I've had a couple of involvements like I told you about my friends from high school.
That came up here and we had a great dinner and a wonderful time.
And then of course, my recent experience, which is taking 40 years off my life.
Yes, good and bad results.
27.
I hate this pull 21, 2.2%.
I hate the internet 13.
Well, if you hate the internet, what are you doing on our pool?
See, I put that under it.
It's like a trap.
Exactly.
Like a trap.
Like I got sucked in with a stupid crap on it.
My space page.
It's a trap.
So a little with your brain and with your hold, with your life.
If you hate the internet, then what the hell are you, you know, trolling our pool for?
Don't control it on our pool.
Never troll a pool I have.
933 on the total.
Get those peaches totals from Halcyon.
That's what Larry was doing, a little Halcyon.
What I thought that is.
Somehow I can't.
Wow.
Yeah, that's, you know, what you just sent me there.
It's, uh, what it is.
You know, I have to say, exactly.
I mean, there's not happened to any bad patterns.
So anyway, that's our pool for today.
And my word, my word to the wise, just like you gave me some good, very common sense advice yesterday,
which most of you won't pay any attention to me, because we're all a bunch of emotional cripples.
But don't get involved on the internet unless it's, you know what I mean?
So a judge Judy said.
Is that what she said?
You have.
Not, not exactly in those words.
Well, what do you mean we're all about?
Oh, she says.
Since I don't pay any attention to Judge Freakin Judy.
Oh, you too jappy for me.
Anti-Semite.
Yeah.
People, she tries these cases all the time where people meet on the internet so that you can wind up loaning money to each other or something like that.
And she just yells at him like, how can you give money to somebody that you never met?
And they try to explain, oh, you know, I met them on the internet.
You know, that's not meeting them. They're a stranger.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's, and I always like that Judge Judy.
The biggest name of the best talent in this is Neil Rodgers.
To give Ricky a blow.
Finally, after using the greatest hopes playing on the American public for over 20 years, to be true is that.
The true identity of Borat is revealed.
You may think it's Borat.
Oh, no, give me the kid a mouth.
Give it to the mother.
Give me the kid a mouth.
But it's none other than Andy Kaufman.
Thank you very much.
Andy Kaufman did not die.
Hi, this is Andy Kaufman.
Yes, it's true.
I think my own death to live in seclusion.
I felt it was the only way I could develop a fresh, new idea like Borat.
Now that I finally have a head, I'll start work on a sequel to my first film.
And then wait, but that's not you, huh?
It's not you.
What do you mean, that's not me?
Now how do I put this?
Andy, that's someone else doing your life, a grab us for a seat.
It is?
Yeah.
Well, I'm just going to have to sue him, that's all.
You can't sue him.
Why not?
Officially, you're dead.
Oh, yeah.
What am I going to do?
Well, I heard there's a cab cop and he looked up for a mechanic.
Thank you very much.
Now, in 18 at 5.60 WDQM, happy Thursday to you, man.
December 7th already, I'll be so happy.
Although the sun is shining today, look at that.
It's like 20 something here.
It's like 20 degrees.
Oh, freezing.
It is cool, man.
No snow, though.
Thanks, God.
Oh, thanks, sir.
Let me look down to him.
Let me jump out the window.
5.670560, we're going to take a Zidian call today and you watch.
We'll get maybe one good one.
You'll see.
You're doubting Thomas.
Okay.
And I'm so sorry, by the way, I mentioned that before about the Christmas.
I'm sorry.
If you would have just told me that I would never have ever mentioned it.
But never to let it.
I didn't know you were going to.
What does that mean?
You're the one that brought it up.
I'm not going to want to rehash it.
You're trying to go back again and drag it into a whole out of the development.
QIAM, hello.
Hey, you all.
Yes, sir.
This is a special request from Howard.
Would you omit that and play Eisner or the Convert?
Can I ask you a question?
Sure.
Sir, what is that?
What is it?
Sit on my hand.
It's screw you, man.
Oh, my God.
I was going to ask him because this has been going on for a couple of days now.
I mean, we already know that almost none of them have anything to say about anything in the world.
And it's been all requested.
Is it we're going to do this through the rest of the year?
I'll request December?
Apparently.
Hey, it's Christmas that you're supposed to give.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I'm on a receiving end of a lot of grief and sorrows.
That's what I'm receiving.
So anyway, I'm going to go through that whole story right on the year today.
I'm going to get it.
I have a personal catharsis about the Myspace.
It's embarrassing to me.
I may have to leave certain parts out.
Now, Josh, of course, is probably thinking because he already said it.
The guys get hooked up on the Myspace and they are trolling for ass and stuff like that.
That was never my intention.
Well, I mean, you can use it for whatever you want.
I'm just saying that's one of the many intents.
Of course.
I mean, that goes without saying what do you think these have been going to put their pictures on there with their boobs hanging out?
Probably like, you know, those stunt pictures.
Oh, it's picking up stunt pictures.
Now, let me see if it's before I mention it.
If it's going to take as long to download as it is today because that's a great work of art that Jyte, Neil Elfing himself.
Oh, yeah.
I thought I was just saying Neil Elfing himself, which I think I've done the last week.
What have been better?
Huh?
That's coming up next.
What, Neil, I think I'm sorry.
I think the work on the animation.
I've been after a good last few days.
You were contortionist.
It's not even coming up now.
Is it gone?
Is it on?
What's the story with that?
Takes a while to load, remember?
No, but it's not even I'm clicking the link and it's not even doing...
Well, like I said, it's real cute and take a look at it if it pops up.
Maybe it's busted.
Maybe it ain't going to happen.
Maybe it's subrahan.
WDQ, I am her.
Oh, brother.
Drop dead.
WDQ, I am hello.
Hello, Neil.
Take a good leap right now.
Cornish, Cornish, game, hand, and...
Yeah, I'll throw it over the counter.
Okay, and see what happens.
Cornish, I'll put it on the game and say it again.
So, what's the color?
WDQ, I am hello.
The raspberry guy's back.
Happy holidays, Pally.
Q, I am hello.
Yeah, hey, hey, hey, George there.
What do you want, George, for?
Are you going to board?
No, I'm not asking something.
Go ahead.
He's listening.
Oh, George.
What?
Listen, man, when you sign up for these online dating websites...
Where he does, when who does?
When anybody...
You guys don't mind up on date line, those guys.
You're too desperate to get a date.
That's what happens.
Okay, no.
Let me finish, bro.
All right.
The point is this.
I put my picture on there.
Well, that was not your photo.
But listen, so all of a sudden, I started getting hits
from women from United Kingdom, Peru.
I'm...
Get on a plane and go there.
Okay, if they're real hot, get on a plane, if it's worth it.
Okay, and then of course, when you get there, you'll find out they look like your grandma's
washerwoman, but that's beside the point.
No, you've got a good point.
People that are trolling for dates on you, and they're just like the people in the chat room.
They're desperate.
Desperados.
Which isn't to say, I mean, take a look at the result.
Yes, it turned out well.
183.
I salute you very well.
Okay, I'm jealous.
I'm really jealous.
I'm just...
I'm a person that can like...
You know, first of all, I'm hardly a social butterfly, as you know.
That's the...
The understanding of the century.
Number one, this way.
And number two, I'm definitely not the kind of person that's going to like make any friends on the internet.
Just ain't going to happen.
It's not in the cards.
Because maybe I expect too much honesty from the other person or whatever it is,
but I've had an experience the last...
What has it been?
What has it been?
Almost two weeks now.
That it's so bizarre and so unacceptable.
And probably like a part of it is a prank.
Maybe it's for real, I don't know.
But it's just the most incredible strange thing.
And I...
You know what?
Who cares?
Who cares?
WQIM.
Hello.
QIM.
Date line.
Hey, I don't know.
Okay, sir.
Listen, it's one of the...
Say one thing about a Rock Obama.
I was pretty impressed with some of the...
A Rock Obama?
Yeah.
I like it.
What is it named?
What's it named?
A Rock Obama?
Yeah, you're my old friend.
The only thing is, he's kind of a religious guy.
A little too much for me.
You know, he wants to play in school and stuff like that.
I think that's going to think of...
He wants to play in school or whoever said that.
Well, he can want to back in school.
I don't know about the same play in school.
But you know, he just wants religion back in society with a more...
Well, he's just a pandering.
You know, he's pandering right wingers.
He's pandering all the Bible thumbers.
He's got to do a little politics, a man.
Yeah.
Well, I like...
We can't...
You never get rid of Hillary.
Okay.
Yeah.
Whatever you say, pal.
She's got a child in a chance of getting elected.
She could get the nomination because she's got big bucks and she's got all them...
Big weeks behind her.
But boys, she couldn't win a fixed election.
974 votes already.
We're going to have them there with us by 1030.
How do you like that?
By 10...
About 30, man.
30.
WQAM, hello.
And crazy.
No, kiddin.
Thanks, Jacob.
QAM, hello.
Yeah, nearest to go.
Spooned my ass yesterday.
Yeah, how was it?
Was it cold?
What is this?
What is this?
678.
I took the ass out of the freezer.
I mean, yeah, it took the ass out of the freezer.
I was going to say this spoon, but the ass is better.
Yeah, stick your ass in the freezer and see what happens.
It'll be cold.
Oh, chill it.
Yeah.
Oh, they're good, man.
You're right.
They are better than ever now.
Listen, these people...
I want you to have a little rock monis as the Chinese say for these people.
A little empathy for them.
These are people who are stuck there.
They're in South Florida.
No wonder they act like...
No wonder they act like that.
Just like when you think you're in contact with somebody who's rational and sane.
And all of a sudden, just don't know where they're...
Blut blut blut like that.
And they just freak out on you.
Like, oh, geez, thank God for putting your picture on your internet, my spaceman.
Thank God for getting in touch with me and kissing my ass on a bunch of emails.
Thank God for turning my insides out and making my cookies upside down.
But you know what?
I'm going to tell the whole story.
You aren't going to believe that I have the integrity and the stupidity.
I'm going to tell the whole story on here.
Why not?
You told the story about poop in your pants.
You didn't have...
No, this is much more degrading and self...
It's grotesque.
But I don't care.
I have no humiliation level.
What the other why care?
Honesty is the worst of the best policy.
No, I'm just going to tell because it's a very bizarre and strange thing.
And maybe somebody's got some answers out there.
Maybe somebody knows a...
You know...
A wise guy.
26 past time.
Maybe I better call my friend Derek and see if he can get involved in this situation.
And of course there would be people who say, well, why can't you just drop it?
Okay, you have a wonderful life.
You've got all these good friends and I love what I would buy.
That's true.
I have a great life here.
I have no complaints.
And then of course there are always...
See, this is the thing in life and you are well aware of it.
You know that.
When things are going well, especially when they're going really well,
there's always some goofball somewhere that will come along and do their damn this too.
Like just blow you out of the water.
You know what I'm saying?
People can't handle it when people are happy.
Is that what it is?
Sure.
Everybody does their love.
There are some people that have a very difficult time with interpersonal relationships.
Maybe that's why they keep moving around somewhat.
Twenty and also another thing is amazing how you can go online.
You can, you know, if you have one bit of information about a person,
I never really believe that.
But there are more damn search things on it.
You can find your shoe size.
Oh, that's right.
I already know the shoe size.
It's 12.
Sorry.
Sorry, sweetheart.
Hey, let me tell you I've been taking Nature Beats last two weeks
and it is really kicking in.
Can't you hear it?
Oh, yeah.
Welcome to the St. Paul's Power Bar.
I saw you all.
I thought those there is a seat peak of my car.
Oh, my friend, think of us.
Now let the redneck bar hold on.
So thank you.
I saw you in my shaving cream.
So I left it on my face.
When I went to work, I looked like a jerk and I was fired into spring.
Driving home, I was all alone, thinking someone's playing tricks on me.
But in the rear view mirror, I couldn't see Jesus.
There in bag of things.
And I saw Jesus on the snake of Power Bar.
I saw him all.
I popped up to the seat and in my car.
Oh, my friend, think of us.
And the redneck bar hold on.
So thank you.
Oh, my friend, think of us.
I saw him all.
The side of the top, the width of the top, on my car.
I saw him in.
I was thinking in the side of the front car.
Yes, I saw Jesus on the snake of Power Bar.
Oh, my god.
I saw Jesus on the snake of Power Bar.
You're fair.
I saw him all.
I popped up to the seat and in my car.
All the friends, think of us.
Down into the snake of Power Bar.
I saw Jesus on the snake of Power Bar.
Happy holidays from Yusuke himself, man.
What would be the thing?
He keeps showing up in the strangest places.
You know, on pizzas and the birds and Mary, she's all over the place, man.
She's just splattering all over the universe.
We got to founsinate votes on the poll.
Aren't you proud of us?
I mean, I don't say you're excited because you never get too excited.
Maybe that's why everybody else.
Oh, everybody likes George now.
Okay, there's a wonderful job.
I'm not here.
In fact, I'm leaving right now before I embarrass myself until that stupid story on you.
No, you know what?
You think there'll be a good idea for me to go through that whole thing?
Now, you're only familiar with parts of it, but you know, it's been aggravating.
It's all material, man.
And these people are just riveted.
What makes me it's all material?
What does that mean?
The material for the show?
Yeah, exactly.
My personal life is material for the show.
Nothing fascinating.
When somebody more reads me, you're more personal.
You know how they are.
They're turned on radio right now.
Exactly.
Of course they are.
Well, I'm not going to do it right now.
I'm building up my courage.
I will tell it though.
I mean, it's not, and by the way, we have all those friends.
Let me see how many we got.
Let me go to my space page.
See, this is an interesting 820 or more, right?
No, we don't.
I think it's 813, 814.
At least 813 or 14, we'll say there are friends.
There's at least one who is not.
811, which means Miguel is deleting a couple of people.
We lost three.
We had 814.
Or they deleted you, you know.
They could go either way.
Not that.
Well, they deleted me?
It's possible.
You know, it was you as me.
Why would they do that?
Maybe they don't like you anymore.
Oh, well Jacob's still on there.
You're a good friend.
My good buddy from the hockey games.
Oh, and there's some.
Oh, that's the...
I thought those were our listeners.
There's the AbuBi trap.
The boob tube.
The old, what we call it, thing?
The boob, uh, loob.
The what?
That's the slide show.
It's, uh, you know, the boobies.
The boobies.
The ones that right under Brady Quinn's first picture
up there on time.
Hey, Brady.
But anyway, that's beside him.
So we got 811.
We're going in a negative direction.
But what I was going to say is I've actually had probably some people out there
who on our mind space who've been in touch with my close friend, Jake.
Have been probably kind of sent us a message and, you know,
and tell me what that was all about.
Or what, you know what I'm going to say?
Or just make something up like he did.
A New Mexico man is drawing the IRF neighbors
and his homeowner's association after putting up a politically charged,
lighted sign on his house to go with his holiday decorations.
Roberto Vasquez, a developer, quirky, said his sign,
showing George Bush's name crossed over by a red bar as though banning it,
has caused people to shoot at the projector,
try to pull out his boob,
and even threaten to blow off the house he tells local TV station K-O-A-T,
the big coat.
Those are graves.
Oh my God.
Vasquez says he's proud of his message and defense the sign is tasteful.
His neighborhood aids you away, and the other hand says it's against the rules,
wants it to come down. His homeowner's association.
A court report says that it may take a court law to decide which way to flip the switch.
How do you like that?
It's got a sign, it's his property, and they don't like it.
Guess what? I don't like all those Christmas tree,
or like some candy canes, or, you know, wreath or something like that.
I don't like all those religiously and nativity crap that bugs me.
I find it extremely offensive, you know?
Just like all those bumper stickers.
Have you found Jesus or what of it, how they say?
You know the ones I'm talking about.
Oh, they're offensive to me.
You want to believe it great.
Just keep it to yourself.
Okay, whatever you want, keep it to yourself.
Don't inflict all the rest of us with it on your fairy tale.
That's not how it works.
And the intolerant religions man, the God Squad, they just can't do it.
They want to use it as a weapon.
Just like some people use the Internet as a weapon,
there are people who use their religion as a weapon.
In fact, most of them.
Oh, that's going to be a man.
They're just there.
Or there's them.
Like James Baker said, those effing Jews don't vote for us anyway,
so screw them, you know?
By the way, I want to thank Sandy for this fact she just sent
you just can't make out any part of it.
Some cartoons, some comics.
Oh, can't make out anyone.
I think it was an answer in my query about the Amais Bayes page.
Well, they would have been too fast.
I noticed that what's your name is on there again online right now.
KJ's wife.
Yeah, they were just here.
Well, what a lucky guy he is.
How the hell she ever got lumped in with a lumped head.
Now, he's a good guy.
He's very creative.
He does a lot of our really good bits.
They were just here.
I took a picture of her boobs.
Did you?
With a shirt.
What's that most recent one?
I'm just playing this for reference, and of course all those dolphins songs, right?
That's right.
And a lot of great stuff.
First KJ was a fart guy.
Since it's the Christmas season, the very first KJ bit that we ever had with Silent Bart.
Yeah, I'm going to have to play that today.
There's no fart sounds in it.
In fact, there's the essence of fart sounds.
And even if they were, I'd still play it.
Screw that bitch.
See, it's a holiday season.
So, Joyce, we give you a special salute.
Okay?
Both arms.
Way up in there.
Both arms.
With the Red Hot Poker, too.
QA& Hello.
Hi, yeah.
Neil, I'm just curious to know a little bit about, oh, I listen to you every day, and you've seen
the mention Brady Quinn.
Yeah.
They're sort of like a Notre Dame ever.
And just curious if you're a Notre Dame fan, you know, a boy.
I hate Notre Dame like Poison.
I wish they'd lose every game and every sport from not till the end of time.
I hate Notre Dame.
Oh, I see.
All right.
So you do it sarcastically, I guess.
No, I do not do it sarcastically.
I'm an old fag.
Aren't you aware of that?
If you're a listener on an old fag, I have the hot for Brady Quinn.
Get with it, you idiot.
What is wrong with you, man?
Another set-up, stupid ass call.
Oh, let's see.
For anybody out there, it doesn't know they're listening to some old fag on the radio.
Yeah, it's an old fag.
Who's got the hot for Brady Quinn, okay?
Oh, I do them on account right now.
Right in the middle to show them make a lot of noise, too.
Talk about getting a slurpy at 7-11 like they're one way bride.
But nevertheless.
1024 votes on the poll.
You're right.
The call is just keeping it in better.
See, we are going through a change, you know.
A change of life.
They're going through a change of life.
We're going through a change of a mental state.
But in my case, right now, there would be an improvement.
WNQ-I-M, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, um, just want to talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Oh, hey.
Yeah, well, I think I hate Notre Dame 2 ever since that crybaby, Lou Holtz.
But, uh, yeah, I hated Lou Holtz, man.
I hated all their coaches.
How about that for Aaron Parcigian?
That's a crack.
Keep, keep, keep, uh, predated, uh, Lou Holtz.
It's been, been me?
Oh, yeah, by long, long shot, yeah.
Yeah.
Well, that's because I'm an old fart.
I remember way back then.
And all far better than the crybaby.
Just like Bobby Bowden, another crybaby.
Yeah.
And Joe Pacerno.
Yeah.
We're out.
What are you, what are you, Hayes?
Bo Shen back there?
Well, I'm sorry he's dead.
That's bad.
Don't be picking on the people that just die.
But, here's another crybaby, you know, Winer.
Ah!
All those guys.
Well, what are you doing all your life?
Well, Jack Nittros, I played golf.
I played golf.
Let me show you the short game.
You know, all that crap.
I'll show you the short game.
In 1940, uh, what is it?
24 votes on the poll.
Don't get ahead of yourself now.
Don't get all whipped up into a frenzy.
Have you ever met anybody on the internet?
No 391.
My best advice?
Stick to it.
Stick to it.
Stick with it.
They'll take years off your life.
They'll play games with you.
And then the best part of it is, at the end of the day,
they'll run away and hide.
And you'll never hear from them again.
And no matter you can send them messages,
you can call them.
They will ignore you.
They'll pretend you don't exist.
And you'll wonder, okay, well, what the hell did I do?
And of course, the first thing in the first place,
you don't even know these people.
Why the hell do you care?
You know what I'm saying?
You don't even know these people.
Right.
Why would you care?
It's just a way to insult people.
You don't see if you can give them a little stuuck.
And see how much you can destroy their lives.
Anyway, 391 say no.
Don't chat with anybody online.
325, an excellent idea.
Stay off those chat rooms.
Don't communicate with any of these freakos.
You have no idea what they're doing and where their hand is at the moment when they're online.
Oh, yes, it turned out well.
189.
Well, I'm very happy for you.
Yes, a disaster, 50.
Oh, God.
Disaster didn't even come close.
Yes, good and bad results.
36.
I hate this poll 21.
That's 2%.
Not too bad.
And I hate the internet 13.
I hate, like those people say, I hate your polls.
You know, and they vote on it.
Well, guess what?
We hate your poll too.
The biggest name of this video.
On the list.
This is Neil Rogers.
Neil.
Yeah.
Neil, God.
Oi.
Siren Park.
Deadly Park.
It can tear your nose apart.
You can't even put your tongue down.
Someone did it by that awful smell.
What the hell did you eat?
It smells just like rotten meat.
Absolutely.
Siren Park.
Deadly Park.
I cut one.
And came up.
I watched a woman's head swim along.
She was wearing a terrible crown.
I walked right out of that place with a big smile on my face.
Siren Park.
Deadly Park.
Doing it is quiet and artful.
But glad one girl, but don't look back.
I thought victims of your guess attack.
If you're in church when you do.
You have to stay in your poo.
In the memory of today, I've been expected to someday.
I want to know who cut the cheese.
So I think that's a really great idea from that guy.
Mr. Cipi, when you go to church this Sunday,
even though there's a couple of weeks before Christmas,
I throw a pig right up there on the altar.
It's not a good idea.
As an art boy.
As a protest against all of this, I'm talking about the countless.
If you lose the Orthodox, I'm not going to be throwing pigs at the revy.
But anyway, they do kick the show.
145 votes on the poll.
Now the cartoon, you're right.
Can you read it?
I can read them, but they don't make any sense.
Let's read the other.
The refacts.
What do you mean by that?
She said another one clearer, easier to read.
No.
Well, I really think that's okay.
Thanks, Andy.
I don't think that's good.
But anyway, 145 votes on the poll about your experiences,
your true life experiences on the internet,
which I really haven't had very many.
Like I told you, I had two of the ones with my friends from high school a couple of years ago,
and it was a wonderful thing.
We had a great reunion, and I bought them a fabulous dinner,
because I always buy them, making a big box.
And then this is the last one, which you just continued.
I noticed there are no messages on my, on our Myspace thing,
from our listeners out there.
So, evidently, he hasn't had any involvement or made that we know of.
Or maybe they just don't want to tell me,
or they just don't bring any attention.
You know what I'm saying?
There's very positive, any of these things.
Right. There's 800 11 people on there,
but that doesn't mean they've communicated with any one.
You know, it's just like I've ignored 800 and 10 of them all the way.
I did find KJ's wife on her where I like a lot.
She's okay.
They were here this morning.
Well, were they really?
Yes, they were.
Why didn't you tell me that you knew?
I did. You talked over me, and like you didn't want to hear it.
Oh, I don't want to hear it.
And then there's this facet from Jonathan Plantation.
It seems to be getting very chronic.
He says, tell it, Neil, tell it!
I'll forgive you for making a stupid mistake,
and I'll still keep you as my role model.
Oh, please cracker, please!
Rule model my ass!
It says, please!
Like George says, I'm riveted.
The honest is riveted because I want to hear how I embarrassed and degraded humiliated myself.
What, whatever.
They want to hear how many times you wipe this morning.
Well, you know, I actually did have to go and you know this for a fact,
830, I'm in there talking.
I had to make a quick run back in there.
We're going to do a Joyce again.
Back to the bottle of Joyce.
And it was very fruitful.
But anyway, okay, top of the hour I'll tell it.
I want to make sure I have enough time.
And you, both of you, are going to like, oh, brother.
What you're going to do to me, you are going to brutalize, I'm going to take more crap.
The audience, I don't care because they don't know me, I don't know them.
But you guys are just going to brutalize me.
We love you.
We won't hold back any punches.
Huh?
We won't hold back any punches.
You won't pull no punches, no punches, pulled.
Inside that heart, that whole story.
People are going to say, oh my god, what a tragic, uh,
listen, old queen with no respect.
I've known for years you were an old softy.
I am for a cute face, for a pretty face.
No, it's a surprise.
Hard crap.
And obviously, there are people who know that too.
Warm beating hard on the inside.
I am, I'm too generous to hear the story.
I may have to actually cry on here.
Like, uh, look, if George Herbert Walker bush can do it, why don't I can't the old or queen do it on the air?
I'll pass you tears on here.
Get it out of my system.
Oh my god, it has brought me more angst and you know something.
And why?
That's the thing.
You know me, I'm not a sensitive person.
I take more crap on the phone on the show for over the right.
How many years now?
About third man.
So what do I care?
Your sensitive.
Not sensitive when you let yourself be.
Yeah.
Well, for certain people, you know, if somebody that I like and then old person, they've taken tear my guts out at that point, they become ultra sensitive.
But anyway, okay, Jonathan, in plantation, whoever you are, and he's becoming kind of chronic.
It's not that Jonathan you're thinking of by the way, you can be damn sure of that.
Plus, he already knows the story.
What?
And he's also there.
Everybody I know is like, you know, giving me crap.
And that's because I'm stupid.
I admit to being stupid, but that doesn't, that's nothing excuse for a grotesque behavior.
A thousand and fifty eight votes on the poll.
I'm not going to read the result because it's two or even that's embarrassing.
Okay, let's continue here.
And like I said, top of the hour, I'll say to this story and you're all, and every, without exception, every single person is going to say,
oh my god, you are such a schmuck, but then again, you already knew that.
You already knew that.
Including you guys, you're going to give me, this is, most people in my situation is aggravating as this has been for me.
Would never dream in a million years ago on here and tell this story.
They never dream of it.
But I just, to me, it's just, you know, that crap happens.
It's one of those things.
It's unfortunate, but crap happens.
You love people aggravate the crap body and get to the end and they do.
Even people who think that you're a brilliant person and a wonderful person and a brilliant man.
A wonderful person and a brilliant man.
Right, Jacob, I'm a wonderful person and a brilliant man. You should look so long.
Oh my god, I'm an idiot.
Ten U.S. troops were killed in Iraq yesterday.
Major blow on the same day, a high level Pamela Washington recommended.
Gradually shifting U.S. forces from a combat to a training rule.
I say we bring all the troops home in time for Christmas and let the Iraqis if they want to kill each other, have a good time.
Problem and dread, you know?
Sure.
A bunch of rag-head, God-squad, whatever they are.
Lunatics.
The bipartisan Iraq study group released recommendations for changing course in the country saying President Bush's policy in Iraq is not working.
The Iraqi government said the U.S. reports,
it does not come as any surprise and a greater Iraq must take the limits on security.
Right, we should live so long.
The situation is grave, very grave.
In fact, cannot be tolerated.
The Iraqi deputy prime minister said on the Pan-Arab satellite TV channel Arabea,
absolute dependence on foreign troops is not possible.
A focus must be on boasting the Iraqi security forces.
If they can't take care of their own, then they'll have them.
The idea that we're sacrificing, we got almost 3,000 American soldiers now and for what?
For this.
For what we got now, a bloodbath.
The U.S. military sent a statement that 10 Americans died in force evidence and gave no further details.
In addition to the 10 cans released, the U.S. commenced and two U.S. soldiers were killed suddenly and banged in.
And maybe say there was killed and by province on Monday.
And this crap, all our thoughts and prayers go out to the family members.
If your thoughts and prayers were the family members, you wouldn't send them there in a first place.
That's my comment about that.
A bunch of crap.
Based on life, the impeachment proceedings should be going to start.
They should be getting ready right now so that January 1, they get them started.
January 2, like that.
You don't think?
Okay.
Or they would impeach the whole bunch of them.
Cheney and of course the Bush-Mistre goes without saying.
And then, then daddy can cry, okay?
When W gets impeached, then he can really...
That's what I'm going to be.
We're going to break down in tears.
Not...
I totally yesterday, and it's the truth.
I'm not a choir, yeah.
Are you a choir?
That all depends.
What about you, Josh?
You cry a lot?
No.
Probably only on payday.
I mean, I'm married.
I cry, you know.
That wouldn't blame you.
I feel bad for you.
You deserve better.
George is a good guy whose life is in a track.
He's track.
Does everybody have a discrabbit?
On my space, the description is victim of circumstance.
That's how right next to the pit.
He's in a track, and he'll never get out and it's the way it goes.
But you do the best you can, and on the circumstances.
How's your innerd's, by the way?
George's head got to the track.
That's him as a miracle drug.
Is your thoughts for them for free if they would just give me free drug?
Sure, but you feel better because I'm feeling better too.
Because I had a good day at Woodbuy, and yesterday I had a good machine-mon.
And spread of that bitch.
Can you imagine?
Why couldn't that be my machine?
What a comment.
I'm real tired of you one, but I wish tell it would have been me instead of you.
It was basically what she was saying.
I was thinking nasty, and I don't like that woman in the first place.
She's not the one who wants to play all the machines at the same time.
I got to yell.
It's one thing if it's slow and there's not a lot of people around.
I'll try different machines and see if I get lucky out.
Yeah.
But good, golly Miss Molly.
Why couldn't that be my machine?
And of course that made me feel that much better that I just hit the two grand.
And that the machine was still hot and continuing to play like a firecracker.
Like a wild machine, man.
Because how many times do I go and write off the bat?
And the reason I sat down with that machine is that we're sitting on the thousand.
Somebody just hit the thousand.
Most people would say, oh, I don't want to play that one.
I just paid.
It's not going to pay again.
Well, guess what?
Surprise.
Find a hot machine, man.
That's my advice to you.
Suffers out there want to play the slots.
Find a hot machine.
Because generally speaking, they're programmed when they go through that part of the cycle they keep paying for a lot.
Why couldn't that be my machine, man?
1065 votes on the pool.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is a brain.
Any questions?
It happens every 10,000 years.
Time's up.
Legalized hammerich, day-wing TV shows.
Even gay TV networks.
It's the end of the world.
If you're a homophobic or a Republican, it's coming to a theater and possibly a family near you.
Gay after tomorrow.
There's a kind of way of homosexuals coming at me right now.
There's a way to break.
We're on the downward.
Oh my god, it's the entire lineup of Bravo!
The legalization of gay men is sweeping across the planet.
Connolous aftercomnus.
Nation after nation.
State after state.
Well, just one state so far, but that's just the beginning.
Sir, they're everywhere.
My god, the government.
Oh my god.
I can't believe it.
They're even in here one carco.
It started years ago with Ellen DeGeneres.
Now it's a homophobic event of global proportions.
It's the epic saga of one man's desperate struggle to prevent the whole world from becoming gay.
Or tolerating anyone who's here.
George W. Bush stars in the biggest black mustard of the summer.
Gay after tomorrow.
He there when it comes out and theaters this summer.
It's 11.02 at 5.60 WQM.
So we got the 1076 votes on the poll.
And here I go into a very bad mistake.
And you should have talked me out of it.
Hey, don't do it.
No, I'm going to feel better.
Nobody's business.
Don't do it.
It is not anybody's business, but it's almost amusing.
It's so pathetic.
I think it's I need to come clean for another expression.
I need to lay it right out there.
Maybe you can explain to me.
Maybe one of you.
I mean, it's certainly the audience one.
Because what they'll do is just jump all over me.
Oh my god, are you an idiot?
When you I am, I'm stupid.
I'm like, like you said, a softy.
I'm a sucker for people, so to speak.
So anyway, we had the MySpace page, which is interesting,
because it wasn't my idea.
It was Miguel put it together and did a wonderful job, by the way,
in spite of what some people might say.
Did it for both of us as a matter of fact?
What do you mean by that?
Well, he put one up there for me too.
And then, you know, I get messages and all that same thing.
Well, there are no messages, by the way, on MySpace page.
I thought there'd be mail right now.
I thought somebody out there out of our vast network of close friends
would have something to tell me about, but they don't.
So they don't know that person or haven't been,
or they just don't want to tell me.
Or maybe they're in on it.
So anyway, the bottom line is, I didn't pay too much attention
to that thing, and I was just, I saw there was a lot of neat stuff on there,
and I looked at some of that crap, and it was great,
and I'm using them, whatever.
And so, finally, what the hell would they would have been?
Was it a week ago Monday?
I'm looking on that thing, and I see a picture of Jacob.
Now, let me give you a little background,
because you don't know who this person is.
Do you?
I do, you mentioned it, the guy that would visit you.
You said that on that.
I didn't have the hockey games and appearances,
and maybe you saw him on the top of the time,
and he'd come by with a couple of his buddies.
At that time, he was like maybe 23, 24, whatever.
And real, a good-looking young guy, and very friendly,
and, uh, etc. and so on.
And he'd come by for a minute or two, and, uh,
hey, how you doing?
And shake my hand, or whatever he could give his hands on,
and then run away, you know, like,
oh, I better get out of here now.
Well, this is again a case of, don't,
all you fags out there do not get involved in any way
with straight guys, okay?
Don't just don't get involved, because it's always going to be,
they're going to rip your guts out.
And maybe even in spite of it, because of the fact that this one has a gay brother,
younger, which is on his, it's on his page,
so it's not like I'm telling anything out of it.
I'm not going to tell anything that's like, you know,
a secret.
Right, that would, I'm not that vindictive or hateful,
although I should be.
So anyway, I saw him on him, and I clicked out a thing,
there's this profile, and then I see a picture of Sizzle,
and I was all on back in town from Lakeley.
Well, you can see it if you go on our MySpace page,
he's still on there, which I have no idea why.
Because if he's that hostile at this point toward me,
you can probably, now you're telling me that the people who are on there
can take their profiles off.
They can opt to not be your friend anymore,
and then they won't show up on your page.
Well, sure, I'm sure he's opted for that.
Oh, man.
But anyway, he's still on there.
So I see the thing, and I sent him a message.
Could remember, I asked you how you sent him a message,
because I have nothing about this MySpace cracker.
It's for kids, it's not for some old troll like me.
It's for punks, antletrolls, antletropyls, right?
Well, I think me.
And this is in which he's 32 years old, so cut the crap.
So anyway, so last time when they sent him a message on there,
and I said, is this the jake of the hockey games,
and I said, is this the jake of the hockey games,
and the story of his life, and he's back in town,
and loves the show, and the et cetera and so on.
So being the old softy that I'm always ahead in this obsession,
that's how it is with facts, man.
I'm sure with straight people too,
they get obsessed with some hot young chick,
and even like I said yesterday,
if their motive isn't necessarily to get in some of these pants,
it's just the way it is.
You know, you become obsessed.
I'm an obsessed with the fact that I'm not a good player,
but I'm a massive personality,
which in my course of my life,
I haven't gotten that close to that many people, you know?
So we started exchanging emails back and forth,
and I said, well, I'm going to be down there,
and not that distant future, I'm not going to give the dates on here,
but I'm going to be down in town.
I'd love to go to lunch or whatever,
and to get together and see again.
Oh great, that would be great, and the audio, and this is all, whatever.
So after, I would say, three or four days
of exchanging emails back and forth comes the weekend.
And I don't think I can tell this story on here.
It's too embarrassing, it's just too humiliating.
I'm sitting here on the way,
we said no punches, pooed.
You have pulled this, schmuck.
You and all those retards that you work on their shows, man, on the weekend.
The retarded producer.
No, I'm going to tell it.
So at any rate, it got to a point, and again, this is embarrassing,
and it's my bad, okay, because I go too far, too soon with people on here,
and I maybe scare them away, and that's probably what happened here.
But if it's childish, you know, why are you going to be childish
when you're thirty-two years old?
So finally, you know, he's telling me the story of where he's been,
and what he's up to when you're out of the,
and I'm telling him about my life, and I have three very good close
personal friends, and that's basically it, you know?
And I'm telling him about who they are, what they're all about,
and etc., and so on, one here in Toronto and two in Florida.
And finally, it comes to a point where I think I'm Thursday or Friday.
So I said to him, I said, well, yeah, I'd love to have you be the fourth,
because we're going to go have lunch, maybe go to a hockey game,
whatever, have be number four, because he knows that I'm like obsessed with him.
Do you follow what I'm saying? I'm obsessed.
I'm being honest about that.
I've obsessed, like, smitten, okay?
And again, not with the idea of like doing anything,
because it ain't never going to happen, plus I've done a lot better anyway,
but that's beside the point.
But it's just me, that's an old fag, and that's an natural reaction,
and he should know that.
So then, this is the part that is impossible to tell.
You're just going to hammer me, I'm going to have to run out of the room
and lock the door, and just never come back in here again.
We've got nothing but hugs for you, man.
No, you do not.
You're going to, like, you're going to say you idiot, you're a crazy pig.
A big group hug.
Because you know that over the years I've been making some serious money,
and I've accumulated a very, I'm not going to say how much on the year,
obviously, would tell you, but a substantial amount of money.
And my plan, the reason I keep working, is because I'm such a good guy,
is instead of taking all of my money and just retiring right now,
as some of the callers would say, my goal is to leave my money,
most of it, or all of it, as much as I can, for my best friends.
Is that bad?
No, that means a lot of guys, they work like crazy,
so they can leave their money to their family, their parents,
whoever they might be, people that they love and care about, etc.
So at any rate, that was my suggestion.
I was going to put him in my will as the fourth air.
This is like conversation number three, he's in the will.
No, not conversation number three.
After a week of emailing back and forth, and, you know,
I examine each other's lives, and emails from him about what a wonderful person I am,
and a brilliant man, he's listening to me for years,
just admires me like I'm the greatest thing on a face of the Earth almost.
Well, that is stupid, I got to say.
Well, see, I told you you're going to say it's stupid.
I'm going to second that, by the way.
Oh, geez.
And so I said, well, wait a minute.
So in an email, I said, I'm going to need your last name to put you in my will.
I can't put you in my will if I, you know, one name ain't going to cut it, you know, with a law.
Doesn't work too well.
And he did, eventually, emailing back his last name.
Well, wouldn't that indicate to you that, hey, sure, I'd like to have all that money when you croak,
and maybe I'll poison your punch or something.
Wouldn't that indicate that to you?
That's what I would take from that, yeah.
Okay.
So at that point, I contacted your close personal friend, Norma Kent,
and I said, I want this person added on the fourth era of my will, and he said, okay,
but I'm going to need more information.
I need the address, the date of birth, and the social security number.
Which, what did I know from that?
Right.
So I emailed back, I needed that information, and boy, that was the end, man.
That was the absolute end, and I had one more email.
And at that point, I started getting, like, a little, not a little, but aggravated,
agitated to say the least, because when you make somebody a magnanimous offer like that,
with no punches pulled, and no strings attached, and making that ver,
and this is the first that says, I trust you 100%.
I know you're not trying to do this.
I know a lot of gay people, I'm not suspicious of you.
And he's got all these chicks on his profile pages.
So obviously, he's straight as an arrow, or so he says.
But, yeah, so there you go.
So that's the story.
And then, of course, over the weekend, he just disappeared.
And he has given me his cell phone number, and I called out a couple of,
a few times, not a couple of few times, and left the messages.
And then, of course, you get, as these things go on, and people pretend to be friendly with you,
and admire, et cetera.
And they know that you're smitten and obsessed with them.
And they just know that they're wounding more and more.
And so they just run the other way that much more.
So you could leave 100 emails, and 10 phone calls, and their voice mail, and they just disappear.
Have you ever encountered anything like that?
Not, not exactly.
I mean, I've had people stop talking to me, and I get to hit right away,
but it was never quite the same thing.
Of course, the answer is, this is why should I care?
Because I've never had this experience before.
Certainly, nobody that I had extended that kind of gesture toward.
Stop talking to me.
That kind of a gesture towards.
Okay, I told you you were going to say that I was stupid, and everybody knows told me the same thing.
But you know what?
It's my money, and it's my life, and it's my emotions in my feeling.
And if I like somebody, and I want to do something really nice, it's Christmas time.
I thought this would be some more of the nice things anybody could ever do for somebody.
And it's like, oh, oh, and of course there are people saying, well you changed them away.
Well, yeah, let's screw it.
It's your money.
You can be stupid with it if you want.
I am stupid. Didn't I say in the beginning? I'm stupid. I told you that.
Better you do.
So, who would all of us talk to me?
Such aggravation because I have no idea what this is all about.
Whether this is some game that people are playing.
See, that's the one thing that bothers me. I don't like people playing games with my life.
You know what?
I mean, for 20 years now, as you well know, I've had one person out there playing games with my life and my career,
and we all know the unmentioned one.
And it's not pleasant.
It ain't pleasant.
So that's it. That's where it is.
And so I've gone, and I'll tell you right now, I've gone online.
I have all these things where people can, if you have their cell phone number or their name or whatever,
and you can, you get some amazingly vast treasure trove information you can find out about people
once you have a little bit of information.
Of course, why have I found that out? I don't know. I mean, I have no idea why, because I'm just wounded.
I'm wounded, you know, like that. Like I give a crap.
I do give a crap, but it's just...
So that's the story, and I'm very proud of myself for having told it.
Aren't you? I am proud.
No. You're embarrassed and humiliated for me and degraded for the old man being that much of a...
You know, the barris that you got so upset you couldn't do the show on Tuesday.
Oh yeah. That's why I was out sick on Tuesday.
From my kishkis out. I was so aggravated.
And again, that's, you know, that's an old queen for you.
We get the... And people know that, and they take advantage of it, and they just tear your guts out.
But if Dick Clark is the world's oldest teenager, then you're the world's oldest teenage girl.
That's Boka Brian's line.
Right. So during the break, you're both going to say, oh my god, what a silly old queen.
We never realized. That's stupid, you are.
Oh yeah.
Yeah, but the good part of it is he and my will and either are either one of you, by the way.
The biggest name.
Thanks for the car, Barris.
Forged video 560.
You, A, M, Choo-Eel.
God.
We haven't live by a satellite.
Yes, sir. This should be Michael Richards. Michael, are you there?
Hello. Hi.
How are you doing? Good.
Yeah.
What do you explain exactly what happened for the folks who may not know?
I lost my temper on stage.
I was at a comedy club and I said some pretty nasty things to some Afro-Americans.
And I'm not even sorry.
I'd erase it. That's what's so insane about this.
Not laughing. Not funny.
Is there much more you would like to do?
I think it's important to trash talk.
The Afro-American community of the Blacks.
I've got more hate and more rage and more anger coming.
Alright, take care. How about that?
I can't make it to you.
I'm sure it'll be all over the place.
So there's Tony Blair.
Oral turn it to Lee.
Yeah, alternatively.
And you say oral? I think that's what he was talking about.
Oral.
107 votes on the pool.
Now both of you, I'm sure during the break just trashed the crap out of me.
And we're doing that stupid, stupid, what a moron, etc.
But you know something that takes a big man, a big old queen to sit and go on the air
with all these thousands of people listening.
And I meant to be such an emotional cripple.
Most people, you know, nobody need to hear of this.
I'm unison.
I'm unison Josh and I will tell you exactly what we said during the break about this situation.
One, two, three.
Nothing.
You were supposed to say nothing, Josh.
We didn't even talk to each other.
I was going to say nothing.
Although I did think of something.
Something I heard of me.
Yeah.
Because this is the lesson that I'm learning.
Yes.
You know that I'm a nice guy.
Yeah, but not an emotional cripple.
You're not like me because you've got a family.
That might just be.
But I'm generally speaking nice to people that don't deserve it.
Nice to everybody, nice to a fault that's ever known.
And I'm trying for my own sake and mental health to just be nice to people who do things for me
rather than just people who don't or random people and things like that.
Because it'll drain you as you know.
To be nice to people that have no intention of ever being nice to you back.
Let me just give you a little more background on this.
I mean, this is a person that this is not somebody that I sought out and like was chasing after like for any kind of motives or whatsoever.
I needed him like I need another hole in the head.
Right.
He showed up on our MySpace page and what is the email that he said I had to ask to be your friend.
It was a no-brainer.
He asked to be my friend.
It sounds a little childish.
But nevertheless, that's what that MySpace craft is all about.
You know, it is childish.
I want to be your friend.
Yes, silly.
But that's what he said.
Right.
I didn't seek him out.
I didn't go like doing a worldwide search.
Oh, I got to find that conjecture from the hockey games.
You know, you don't see something for like eight, nine, ten years.
I mean, out of sight out of mind.
Believe me, and also out of town for a last for a while.
I guess it was in Lakeland.
The point being there are people who contribute to your life and people who are takers.
And I'm going to try to contribute to the lives of people who contribute to my life.
Yeah.
I thought this was somebody who would contribute to my life.
Because I'm one of those people that likes being around people like that.
It's just, well, not like that.
Yeah, no, no, no.
No, good looking people that happen to be a whole.
That's what it means.
That's what it means.
That's what it means.
There's another lot of that.
A-holes.
Oh.
Well, what do you try to say that my friends are A-holes now?
You're blinded by your...
No, I am not.
My good friends are not that nature.
I don't have any kind of relationship like that with my good friend.
Well, this one, yeah, that's true.
If he was out of that, I never would have looked at the picture on the MySpacePays.
All those other people on there, he was a grotesque.
If I hadn't known him or whatever.
There are a lot of good looking people that aren't worth a crap.
And in fact, also on his profile on there, there's a whole bunch of pictures of him with his brother and another brother, by the way, not the younger one.
A brother and a friend in Vegas and in a mountains and all over the place.
It's just really great and like a real person, you know.
But you don't know anything.
That's what I'm trying to tell you about.
There's no internet thing.
You don't know anything about somebody until you meet with them or have an ongoing experience.
This took a week or less than a week before it deteriorated into just aggravation.
You know, just my eating myself up inside to the point I was actually physically earl on Tuesday, which goes to show you what an idiot I am.
I'm an old softie like you said.
Fish muck and an old queen.
Stupid.
Okay, paint plant stupid.
Stupid.
And I'll open up the phone in a minute and then we can take all the crap all day.
Then bother me.
I don't care.
We'll have apologies for it.
We all make the apologies.
I don't try to buy people or buy my friends or buy anybody else.
I just try to be nice to people that I like.
That I think are, you know, feel mutually.
And this obviously is not somebody who does give a crap about me and is behaving like a child.
Which some people are childish.
They can be 32 going on 12.
You know, or they can be like 12 going on 42.
That's what they say on Dateline.
1112 votes on the pool.
567-0560.
Well, I'm going to get it.
You know, but I think I deserve I'm going to pat myself on the back.
Very good work.
Huh?
Yes.
It's an emotional thing.
It's a private personal thing and I spilled it right here on the air.
That's good for me.
Huh?
You got some balls.
It takes that.
It takes balls to do that because it's a very self-deprecating and demeaning thing to admit a stupid thing like that.
But that's just me.
You know, I get burned for it.
I'm trying to give a little lesson to people out there like Jonathan implantation.
I'm waiting for the rea- I'm waiting for the follow-up facts Jonathan.
Was it worth it or not?
Was it worth all the build up or not?
Deputy QAM.
Hello.
Hey, good morning, yo.
Yes, sir.
I think that was a wonderful story.
I really do.
A wonderful story?
Yes, sir.
Why was it wonderful?
Well, okay.
Everybody is attracted to people by the way they look.
Of course.
That's not a bad thing.
Okay.
And you've had, like you said, an obsession with that.
A lot of things to somebody.
Sometimes you look at people.
You look like them.
You got the same.
That's right.
I mean, it might have embarrassed them a little bit that you offered such a magnanimous gift.
You know, it's such a short period of time.
But you know what?
I've been living with that girl for six months.
She's a lot younger than me.
She never asked me for anything.
I told her when I drop over, she gets to house.
She just don't get it.
They can have a life insurance.
She didn't ask me for a thing.
She was shocked.
You're insane.
But the fact that a matter is, you know, I want to leave her something and I'll like her and we're not married or anything.
But I want to make sure I leave her.
And to drive her a wonderful story.
Well, see the thing that really bothers me is if you've gone overboard too far or embarrassed somebody or they did.
All somebody has to do is send you a message back, email back and say,
gee, that's a really nice generous offer.
But we don't need to know each other well enough.
I couldn't accept it.
Anything like that.
You know, like a like a manch, like a human being.
And it's the point of just running away like a little child advancing and not responding to any of my messages.
It's crazy.
Well, you know, I mean, that's probably the age too, you know.
It's hard to say.
But 32?
Yeah.
And with 32, look at George.
He's 40 something and he's still 20, you know, mentally.
Well,
I'm going to ask him in February and I'm going to bring you back to the birthday present, buddy.
Excellent.
Well, I was going to baby out for a few days.
He'll be back really well, all right?
I will.
I will.
I want to bring you back on it.
All right.
Put it in two bags.
I keep it in the drop thing on here.
I think this thing is a subversum.
It's possessed.
It is.
I think it's evil.
Well, how do you like that?
The first call around in the box.
He didn't call me stupid.
He didn't laugh at me like you guys.
Oh, my God.
He didn't laugh at you.
Yeah, hell you didn't.
You were chucked on up your sleeve, man.
He was, oh, my God.
I can't believe that anybody could be this much of a schmuck.
I mean, look at this way.
What's on dead?
What difference does it make who I leave my money to, right?
What's on croak?
I can't think of anything.
Only the people you leave it to, yeah.
Well, that's my point.
That's what I'm saying.
And the idea is at least the way I look at it because I know what's in my mind and I have no ulterior motives.
And when somebody says, oh, I know that and I trust you 100%.
And I think they're full of crap.
I mean, for a million dollars, well, I could go out and buy myself a really good time if I wanted to go out and pay for sex.
I mean, what is that?
Well, I just started out through saying a million dollars.
That was bad.
Not a good idea.
That's how much it was, though.
Now, when you turned down a million dollars, I would not.
Even if you didn't know me, would you turn it down?
No, you would not.
You know, say, well, what a sucker.
Well, I don't think the croaks real quick.
It's just, it's just beyond belief.
It just, it's more experiences in life you have with people to more realize that more often than not, they'll disappoint.
And you know that.
Oh, yeah.
You're very well.
Somebody QIM, hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Let's see.
Okay.
I can sympathize with your story.
I got back in suffering the Middle East last four days after 9-11.
And upon arrival, immediately married the woman I'd been on the internet with and I've met on the internet.
And I am going, the last year and a half has been the most horrendous divorce, the history of all divorces, the only two kids.
Terrible situation.
You know, people really have to mean face to face and get to know each other and stuff.
All this internet is good if you want to just look up and, you know, get her going.
But damn, don't get married.
Don't permanent things when with these people, you don't know who you're talking to.
You know, a lot of these are sick people.
So.
Good luck, you pal.
He sounds like you'll need it.
Yep.
I'll put it on you.
Okay, thanks.
Well, at least I didn't get married anyway.
Yeah, you should've done it.
Yeah, you should've done it.
You should've done it.
Okay, we could've gotten a hitch right here in Toronto, eh?
There you go.
Yeah.
Could've been much worse.
I just don't, you know, for the life of me.
I just, you live a certain, I'm 64 years old.
I never thought I would ever have an experience like this.
You know, I just, you go through all sorts of things in life.
And then all of a sudden it's like, what is, what's just happened here?
What is this?
What is this all about, you know?
Whatever.
26 past 11.
And then 560 WDQM, oh, hell.
God.
You're fair.
Something is wrong, something is wrong, something is wrong.
Welcome.
Number 32, but I'm sure a lot of interesting things in the end of that.
It's, uh, 1135, I'm a full, 135 votes.
I got two on our, uh, my space already.
Nick Ray?
Two what?
Two, uh, messages.
Oh, very good.
First one from a young couple.
I'm disputed.
I don't see their names on here.
And I accidentally, well, I guess I approved it.
So maybe it's already on the page.
I don't know.
I'm not really good at how that damn thing works.
But it's a nice comment.
It says, um, uh, well, whatever.
He had some kind of experience, but a bit bit of a move, but a lot.
And people on the internet are superficial and blogs and chat rooms, et cetera.
Mediums of impersonal realities.
Whatever that means.
I can't read it because it's the bottom is chopped off.
That's my own bad printing it out.
But anyway, thanks for that.
And also here's maybe the best, the best message in history is from Kevin.
Can I read it to you?
Please.
Here's Kevin's comment.
Hey, Uncle Neil, can I be in your will?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Hey, Kevin.
No.
No.
It's got a picture of Kevin standing in front of a scoreboard, a baseball scoreboard somewhere from about 100 miles away.
I don't think so, Kevin.
You know, it looked good to me, but again, since more pictures.
1135.
Oh my god.
I feel like I've just let my whole life right out there on you.
And you know, something.
It was good.
It was a good catharsis for me.
Keltzm could have said it.
Huh?
Keltzm could have said it.
I have nothing to apologize for.
I mean, being an old softy, there's a lot of people out there like that.
I don't think I'm the only emotional cripple on the face of the planet or even among this audience.
No.
It happens to a lot of people with the best of intentions.
You want to do something really nice and it's like, oh, dude, yeah.
Yeah.
Or, or can there's always the possibility that this whole thing was set up in the first place.
Because I've always felt, I mean, you know as well as I do when we used to do those appearances.
Yeah.
There are people who bring other people by.
It's kind of like, oh, gee, let's watch the old man drool over so and so.
You know, get all emotional over this because a cute young guy, whatever.
Yeah, you know what I'm saying?
So I have no idea what this was all about.
And that's all I'm asking.
What was it all about, Alfie?
Not that I'm interested in, you know, exploring any further involvement with this person.
But just what's it all about?
What was this story?
And that's it.
Just give me a little closure here.
You know, and of course he won't respond.
But I'm sure that I get a lot more messages there on our Myspace.
Most likely.
You think?
Absolutely.
I mean, I'll say.
Absolutely.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Any other friend?
Yeah, oh yeah.
That's the problem.
That's the biggest problem in my life.
Q-A-M, hello.
No.
Yes, sir.
I'll present him, Gage.
If you put me in your will.
Okay, good.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hi, Rod!
Well, there's three for one.
That's good.
When you hit the button, you can get three with a person.
Oh, good.
One that's an excellent efficiency.
It's economy.
Yeah, economy of activity.
5-6705-60,
PON 560 in the Verizon Singular Rival Slide.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
First of all, I think I kind of locked out because I met my wife on a crew,
so it's a lot better than the internet.
Second of all, as far as your concerns,
did you actually meet the guy you met up with him?
Or no?
In the past, yeah.
Oh, in the past, because I think it was...
Yeah, the appearance is hockey game several times, yeah.
Not any long conversation, right?
I think this did something on the little bit, yeah.
I'm thinking it may not have been him,
because it's like one of those things you just meet up with someone
and then you don't see anyone,
so they could pretend to be whoever they want to be,
and then when it comes time to get the whole personal information,
they don't want to give you anything,
because it's not who they say they are.
What does that mean?
Well, I'm just saying, it may not have been Jacob.
Maybe a guy that was pretending to be him.
Well, let me say this.
You think somebody else would have his profile
and put it on our MySpace page, and see...
I have seen several emails with him all week.
It could have been some kind of a stunt by his brother
or some of his friends or something like that.
Somebody could have been playing games.
I don't know.
I have no way of knowing.
Of course, when somebody won't answer their phone,
when they give you their cell phone number,
and then they just don't answer the phone or return your messages,
they just have a voicemail.
You have no way of knowing who you're dealing with.
I don't know.
At the same time, you shouldn't feel that bad,
because if it was a hoax, you know,
it's one of those things that, you know,
at least you didn't throw your money away.
You know, man.
See, one thing about a will is you didn't change it any time.
You know what I'm saying?
So, if it was a hoax, I would have found out about it.
Gotcha.
What's your name, Charlie?
Okay.
Well, see, one thing I'm amazed is they're not like
laughing at me yet, like you guys were.
I mean, like stupid.
By the way, I'm not agreeing with that guy,
but there is somebody out there that has posted
a fake thing of me with Neil Rogers show
stuff all around the picture of me.
Really?
Yeah.
So, another was this whole thing could have been a gigantic hoax?
I didn't, I said I didn't agree with him.
No, thanks, though, because I mean,
when you just say more than enough people knew,
like you're gonna fake profiles of whoever,
celebrities, et cetera.
So, this whole thing could have been an elaborate hoax.
See, it's theoretically possible, but I doubt it.
Well, I mean, that cross, don't you think that crossed my mind
several times?
That I'm thinking, I don't think this is who he says it is, you know?
I mean, the pictures are obviously him.
Where would somebody else get those pictures and get the profile
from his real profile?
Or somebody that knows him?
I see.
Said the stupid man.
Yeah, I think that's the stupid possibility.
So, in other words, I got all whipped up and made myself sick
and all psychotic.
Over what probably is just a scam.
It's possible, but I doubt it.
I think so.
See, and don't think that when you ask for information
like address and social security number,
maybe that's another reason that there was never any response
because those people don't have that information.
They certainly wouldn't know his last name.
I mean, that's a no-brainer, you know?
But they wouldn't have that other information necessarily.
See what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
Well, whatever, you know, that's why it's a mystery
and that's why you like to find out what the people are playing with you,
but I don't think I'll ever find out.
At least not directly.
I'll find out eventually.
I get shout-out to Sherlock Holmes and Colombo on the case.
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
Hey, let's have an insulin to the story you just said.
And trying to put myself in like Jacob Shoes
as a straight guy, like a fan of yours,
I think that I probably would have walked away.
I think you rushed it.
You know, a week's time is now a lot.
And you know, the world we live today with giving away.
Well, let me see.
I didn't tell you all the whole story.
I mean, there's other, I don't want to read all the emails,
but there was a point at which he said,
I'd be honored to be the fourth member of your close personal circle,
blah, blah, blah, blah.
All this other, you know, a syrupy kind of stuff.
So it was like that.
I wasn't scaring him away.
He was like enjoying it and, you know,
was appreciating the fact that I was like whatever.
Yeah, well, at least I've got that,
and that's a little bit different, but I mean, just from a,
like a fan's standpoint, I think, you know,
he would have, you know,
obviously been willing to meet with you and hang out and stuff.
And I think, you know, a couple of months of developing the village,
should I think he would have gave that information?
I think you would have had a, you know, a long relationship,
but I don't know about the story.
Like he said, you're not saying everything that he said.
So I'm right, I'm right on the emails on here.
I mean, that would be a little over the top.
No, no, but I mean, if he said,
and I don't know what that means about that fourth member,
that kind of thing.
I mean, I have three very close personal friends.
I mean, I've got a lot of other friends,
but they're not, you know, people I trust with my life,
but I've got three great friends,
and I invited him to be the fourth,
because we were having that kind of,
hitting it off on the emails, you know, really well.
And like, that's what he, you're great.
That would be a great idea to be honored, you know,
like I'm some kind of a wonderful guy.
Yeah, I think he probably just got a little bit of that.
I think it happened too quickly.
I think he might have gotten a little scared there, you know what I mean?
Okay, thanks, Pally.
All right, but.
A little bit scared.
I'd run away from that money, like it was,
I don't know anybody who wouldn't be honored
to receive a whole bunch of money.
I mean, someday I'm not planning to broken right away.
Whatever, we'll be honest with you.
I had my thoughts.
Yeah, it would be one thing if I would have put him in there,
and then we'd gone through this.
So you're like, oh, maybe he'll jump off the balcony.
He's on a high floor, you know.
Well, I'm sure you thought also that he might have thought
maybe you really did, maybe not in words,
but maybe you did want to be more than friends, kind of thing.
Of course, of course that is your mind.
That's the problem when you're gay,
and you're dealing with something.
But again, you're not understanding what I said before.
Well, that would make me run away.
But then again, you don't have a gay brother.
You don't have a whole bunch of gay friends.
You didn't send me an email that says,
oh, I have all kinds of, you know, I trust you 100%.
I don't question your motives.
Because I mentioned that several times in the emails
because I didn't want to just feel that way,
that I was like putting some kind of a move on him.
You know what I'm saying?
Plus he's too old for me anyway.
At any rate.
So in other words, you would have said,
no, I don't want your money.
No, that's not what I would have said.
Never turned on any of those checks.
The biggest name, so best challenge to the racist me and Rogers.
Oh!
Wonder forster husband and the other never married.
One gets falling down drunk and the other must be carried.
They become the best of friends.
And here's the reason why.
Every move she needs a body for an alibi.
I drink these beers and carry silk and go in out together,
wearing all her tops and little mini skirts of leather.
True to Vincent Cumprey has the rules of the game.
I see what they do best in show.
They're early parts of Plum Veroncy.
He'll think he saw a nice, tiny candy, sir.
Waking up into a clonkin texting on their cell,
full drinking comma, cosy, full Britney's kids say,
oh, momma, I'm looking so much weaker,
but their brains are momma fine.
Each of their bedrooms are hooked up to a swift and slide.
They go table dancing, well blowing momma,
but they're calm and he has our pretty good tonight.
And with a grease on, and then somehow the whole thing
wants to find our baby, oh!
So many diseases hope they have a good example.
Oh!
He's in this rash, he's from.
I don't know, but he looks hot.
He like it, I want.
Maybe Britney should have stayed married to loser K-Bad,
cos it's cheap, keep going.
I would perish, she'll watch us dead,
make it out with every guy who does the nightclub high.
And like Disney Land, if you show up, you get a ride.
Britney Spears and Paris still do go in out together,
eating and making each other throw up with a feather.
That is lots for drinking and hanging from the shadows.
Oh, here's that what it's like when your parents don't remember it.
Britney Spears.
14 to balloon at 5.60 W.D.Q.M.
So so far they're not picking on me.
In fact, I've even got a message here from Jeff.
I thought our mail center on the MySpace
would be just loaded with messages by now.
When you think?
No.
Why not?
Just cuz.
You are such a...
Anyway, Jeff says it's weird to hear you open up like this.
While we're nearly, I don't.
I'm not one of those people I want to go into a big song to dance about my personal life on here.
It's a radio show.
I mean, George is more likely to do that.
Talk about his drug deal stuff like that.
I do.
I thought it was miserable, I'm married.
Yeah.
Anyway, Jeff says it's weird to hear you open up like this.
Anyway, chalk it up to experience and move on.
Everyone's been suckered in at one time or another.
And the longer you are on the net, the more likely you're going into this.
Anyway, if I were you, I wouldn't be beating myself up like you are.
He says, beating myself up.
Do you think I'm beating myself up?
I don't know, but I wouldn't.
I wouldn't be unless you were saying I was stupid.
Stupid.
I wasn't me.
See, the thing that I wouldn't do, anything evil to anybody.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
I'm just going to kill you.
I'm going to kill you.
This is the worst.
I normally throw them all away.
Greg and Fort St. Lucy, one of the worst groupies in history, as you know.
Now, once you'd listen to this, as you know, I've been a huge fan for many, many years.
But I never realized how truly pathetic you are until today.
And you can sling all the insults that you want.
But my old calls and faxes help make the show great in the past, keyword the past.
Butch up, Greg and Fort St. Lucy.
Oh, my God.
Talk about pathetic.
If you look up, if you Google pathetic, you'll see Greg and Fort St. Lucy's picture right there.
Oh, who would like, like, stop me at the racetrack and just, oh, go away, Greg.
How do you like that?
See, I told you.
But again, consider the source.
In that case, I consider that a high compliment.
I'm pathetic.
You should be so pathetic, Schmuck.
And by the way, what time is your show on?
There was his calls and faxes that made the show.
Oh, right.
5670560, pound 560 on the neurotic and the Verizon singer to wireless line.
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, Neil, don't feel bad about what great sage you threw us back.
You know what?
I'm young and hung and I'll show you a good time.
Put me on your...
I bet you will.
Yeah, for a million bucks.
Yeah.
You're going to get a lot of offers now.
I'll take a million bucks from him.
All these punks, yeah.
Young and ought to be slung.
1172 out of full.
I think by now we're having a damn close to 1200.
That's pretty darn good, considering.
I really thought the Myspace thing would like be, you know, like a treasure trove of information on there, but it's not.
And again, see, I don't think it is a phony.
I thought of that many times.
But I don't think it is.
But there's too much information in there, you know, in other words, when you're faxing back and forth with...
When you're exchanging emails back and forth, not faxing, when you're emailing, there's just too much information about like one certain picture where it was done.
Of course, it could be like a relative.
It could be a brother, a friend, some wise guy who's just trying to...
Like you said, use his profile and stick it on there.
And then play games with me.
It could be.
But I got it.
But they're not going to get any money.
And either see WDQYM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I'm going to call it as just order Chinese food and a tip forever.
And it reminded me of the old Thai Tommy.
But could you play that please?
I'll work on it.
Thank you, sir.
See, like I said, I'll work on it.
See, now, what does that have to do with my life?
You know what I'm saying?
I'm pouring my guts out of it.
This is so typical of South Florida, man.
I don't expect anybody like crying on their shoulder, but a reaction or response, something even when I'm more on what a pathetic, you know?
Something.
And they're still calling me and stupid as you're quite.
But it's coming up soon.
Right.
It's all request December.
Oh, man, oh, man, oh, man.
How have I done it?
I am a survivor.
No question about that.
I am a survivor.
I just want to put a survivor.
WDQYM, hello.
QYM.
WDQYM, hello.
Okay, it's two in a row.
Let's go for three.
QYM, hello.
QYM.
Yeah, I like talking to you, please.
Speaking.
Neil, what's up, bud?
How you doing, pal?
Big fan of yours, dude.
I'm, uh, Jacob's brother.
Yeah?
Yeah, we just called.
I just wanted to call up the same.
Yeah, what's your first name?
John.
Yeah.
We just wanted to call up to say, they didn't like that.
You know, we like to have fans.
Yeah.
Right.
5607, 0560, 0560.
Maybe Jacob is a mother-in-law.
And 0560 in the Verizon City of the right-of-the-slime.
John Mayas.
WDQYM, hello.
QYM.
Now, Neil.
Yes.
Hey, Neil, let me start by saying I don't really...
...Germany.
However, I will say that I grew up in Miami, been listening to you since I was very young.
I'm 43 now.
And I...
Huh?
I so that's great.
Yeah, I have.
And you know what?
You've given me many, many hours of entertainment.
Laughter and I appreciate you.
Well, that's great.
And that's all I got.
Okay, thanks, sweetheart.
Bye.
Bye.
See, she's trying to make me feel better.
She's doing a little kissy kissy.
Right, yeah.
That's a will.
Yeah, you're in the will sweetheart from about 50 grand.
That's a good idea.
Let's do a show.
And then we'll like...
Yeah.
Based on the best call or sucking around and kissing up to me, I'll...
I'll... I'll dole out, you know, a certain amount.
Oh, gee, that was a great call.
20 grand for you.
And then I'll turn off the balcony.
And then just have a spite.
I'll live to 100.
Keep in mind both my parents lived over 90, okay?
I just mentioned that in passing.
And it's 187 on the scale by the way today.
Good.
I'm continuing losing weight like crazy.
It was wood buying Wednesday yesterday, so I...
Oh, I wood didn't have to be there that long.
Thanks, the Lord.
I had a hot machine.
Why couldn't that be my machine?
You know, oh, oh.
I mean, there's a lot of A-holes you meet out there in the world, but that was just...
Why couldn't that be my...
Because you were a loser, honey.
You were just going home.
And she did.
She lost her ass and she went home.
And I was delighted.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hi.
You're sir.
Neil, I just want to say excellent, excellent radio.
Your story was...
I mean, I'm cool.
Well, no, it's great radio and it's great for a lot of reasons.
Number one, it's dramatic, but it's also something that everyone can relate to.
I think...
I mean, I know...
I have known a few people, some in my...
Well, my brother, in my family, that, you know, you find out he does these really...
I guess the word is magnanimous things for people.
And you go, what...
You did what you lent money to who?
You know, he lent money to people that are like admitted con artists.
And that kind of thing.
Great.
And, yeah, no, it's distressing, you know, but it's human.
Yeah, but I'm not that...
I mean, I'm a generous person, but I'm not in the habit of putting people who are practically strangers in my will.
But in this case, it just developed very rapidly in a situation where I thought it would be a really nice gesture.
And listen, if the person...
If you interact with the person and they turn out to be a real A-hole,
you can always change your will. It takes like five minutes to do that.
One phone called in my lawyer and change your will.
That's true. That's true.
About that guy, whoever this guy is, he...
He's one of the few people I've ever heard of that would let his homophobia or whatever it is.
He doesn't have homophobia. He's got a gay brother and all these gay friends he said in his office where he works.
He's one of three heterosexuals that works in the whole office, everybody else's gay.
Well, everyone always says that everybody has a price and money, you know, money rules everything.
So I'm just surprised that this didn't happen here.
It's either has a real fear of something or being maybe exposed, so to speak, if I can say that.
Well, the long term world side is he has...
He gave me a cell phone number, but he's got an unlisted home phone number.
And this is something that just moved back to town. I don't understand what...
I mean, I have unlisted numbers, which unfortunately I gave to him, so who knows what's going to happen with that.
But I have unlisted numbers because I'm a public figure. I don't want people bugging me, you know.
But why would somebody 32 years old have an unlisted phone number?
Or let's see that also raise questions in mind. There are just a lot of questions there.
Yeah, there are no answer.
But I'll tell you this. You can have my name, number, social care number.
Anytime, any... I'll give it to you anytime.
Okay, I'll put you now for ten bucks, Pally. Thanks.
Thanks. Bye-bye.
I don't like that. What is people are awfully nice today? Kissy kissy, aren't they?
Yeah, for some reason.
Well, what do you mean by that? Everybody else?
It's a lot of nice people out there. We just don't usually hear from them because I usually don't go on here with all these hearts and flower stories.
Oh, gee, what am I going to do?
Yeah, like that. I'll survive. Like I said, I'm a survivor.
This was a very gut-wrapped...
You know, when you try to do something nice for somebody, they respond by ignoring you.
And to me, see, probably a lot of people wouldn't care. They just forget about it.
But to me, the most... One of the most gruesome things you can do to somebody is just ignore them.
You know what I'm saying? Not answer their phone messages, not answer their email.
Just ignore them and just shine, total shine. That frosted my ass.
You know what I'm saying? Am I the only one who feels that way?
Always going to not answer to be funny, but that would be hard to say.
Ah! Ah!
1197 on the pool, if you ever met anybody on the internet, no 451.
Don't chat with anybody online, 378. That's like 69%, almost 70%, and consider yourselves very wise.
Maybe my story will be a word of the wise. Don't get involved with people on the internet,
even if you think you know them a little bit.
Yes, turn out well, 208. Well, congrats. Yes, good and bad result, 57.
Yes, disaster, 56. In fact, that's our new motto on QN. This is disaster, 56.
I hate this pool 23 only 1.9%, and I hate the internet 14. They're on it, but they hate it.
The biggest name, self-destalance, if this is Neorodger.
This is Pretty Quint. Whenever I shake my balls, I listen to the Neorodger's 12-1 hour.
Danny, the drunken actor, is a little short bald guy. Who stayed a fast, his bedtime, cos you let George Clooney buy.
He had some lemon cellos, cottage of a healthy buzz. He went to be on the view, where he thought it was cool to cos.
They knew Danny was really smashed, Quinn DeVito said, Rosie, you are such a delight.
Won't you be my date tonight? Now we're all laughing at him, like Britney's Mac of panties.
Danny, the f*** face actor, another drunken laborer.
You top Danny, you go boy. 12-1 at 560. Maybe he was just reenacting his role from Ku Kuznet.
That looks a bit.
1199, we get one more photo there, we'll have 1200. We've got a couple more messages on our Myspace.
Boy, that thing is really, I thought they'd come pouring in there.
It's time of day two, you know, a lot of people deal with the question.
Working and breathing. Evening when they get home. And playing games with other people, stuff like that.
Here's Fredric on there. In fact, Fredric's online right now. Don't you love that when it says online?
Okay, for sure. In fact, that's another thing I've got into and I think you were probably responsible.
I guess I just discovered that. If you look at your meal on this Myspace thing.
And out of the picture of somebody if they're online. And then, didn't you explain that to me?
Doesn't necessarily mean they're on the Myspace thing, they're just on the internet.
They're signed on and haven't closed their browser.
Okay. They signed on.
Or if you don't log off and you just x out of a browser completely, it's still going to stay online.
I see. So in other words, all the emails that were on the answer the last couple of days.
And I would look and I would see that the Jacob was online. See what I'm saying?
No, that's the thing. Maybe he's reading my email. Huh?
Not necessarily.
What do you mean by that?
I've been signed in, but not necessarily, you know, at his community.
But then anyway, signed in there for long enough to have read the whatever I had written in and not responding.
See what I'm saying?
In other words, if enough days go by and somebody doesn't read Spawn, it's not like they didn't see them.
And anyway, Fredrick says, I'm not real good at this stuff.
I want to get on your friends list, but I don't know how to do it.
Well, why don't you have Miguel take care of that? I'm not going to start answering these.
You know, I have to have to.
Don't know how to do it. Right under the line where it says Sunday message.
I'm not going to send a message. I understand it.
I'm not going to have time for that. Plus, Fredrick is, you know, a tool for me.
No, seriously. I mean, Fredrick looks like a, you know, a fan of the group, people, whatever.
In other words, Miguel can't do that?
No, no. Fredrick.
You know, if that many issues, he can handle this.
That, Rick can do that.
And if he says he doesn't know how, he's either too stupid to write.
Or he's like, oh, you're not going to Fredrick.
Yeah, I haven't met him yet.
So you're getting emotional like me. You're not going to see with me.
It's love.
Love and love and person who it was.
Hey, we hate you.
Although I don't love Fredrick. I don't know Fredrick.
Maria says, if that guy or don't, no, I sure won't.
Not that I wouldn't have liked to once upon a time.
I mean, I'm not going to kid you, but that's another lifetime.
I don't mess with, you know, I don't mess with listeners.
Okay, I'll tell you that right now.
Not that I haven't met some over the years I wouldn't like to
have met with it. He sure weren't going to mess with me.
But at any rate, if that guy or don't, no offense,
it might have been stupid doing or saying what you did,
but he's the real dumbass for turning you out into your dough.
She says, I have a significant other.
So I come across many white jobs myself.
Or I don't know, my reading or maybe I don't.
I see part of this is chopped up.
Don't set yourself short, maybe you're a very kind person.
And people ought to be putting you in their will.
I agree with that, Maria. Thanks, sweetheart.
You like Maria, by the way.
I don't know if that's really her in this picture,
but you like Maria.
Well, if you say Maria that sent me the birthday present,
that was the best present I got yesterday, Maria.
Thank you very much.
Neil said she was going to give you on ear and I had a break.
No, I don't know. I got an email from everyone.
I think it might be the same.
The best present I got yet.
Other three of the people in the world are the people that were like operating my life
or like CT and yours were obviously be well something.
Be good, be nice.
Promo won on the pool.
All the immetra strange people all the time, all the mystery,
were sure not doing much to enhance my vault of information here about this person.
No, nothing mysterious.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, the spooky.
Remember that I didn't tell the mystery,
which I forced you to watch?
Spooky, spooky. That was a due law.
With Matt Damon.
Matt Damon.
Remember that?
Spooky.
Because they were on the train together and Matt of course kept putting his head on a due law shoulder like
and they, you know, a due was a little bit short, little slow.
Little bit slow, until they got into that tub.
And he wanted to remember he wanted to get in the bathtub with him.
Yeah.
And Jude lost it.
I don't think so.
And Matt said, why not?
30 QAM, hello.
QAM.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay sir.
Well, I'll let you hear all the art.
I'm two, under 95 pounds.
My hobbies are tip to, tip to to to up.
Tip to up.
I thought for sure he said something else.
Yeah, he did, but he corrected himself.
Oh yeah, well.
We know exactly what he meant.
Tip towing.
Through the two very similar set of skills involved in that one.
In fact, he sounded a little bit to me like.
Oh, deep down.
Through air and sexual.
Gosh, he'll have a phone.
If you're too risky.
Yeah, there you go.
I don't know what else is in that.
So better chop it right there is a good idea.
What about chop it out?
That's what I have in mind for you now, Jacob.
What about chop it out?
But that's another story.
I don't have anything in mind.
This has just been a real good catharsis.
I'm so glad I talked myself into doing this.
It's a fight of you saying, oh, don't do it.
Now what he said, Josh, don't do it.
Yep.
Said it twice.
And I gave you a great opening there where you could like,
oh, you're so stupid and you're in and laugh at me and make fun of me.
And you know something?
I'm still making a big box.
Yeah, we are.
And we have fine life in spite of all your derogatory sharing them with people that talk behind your back.
Right.
Who are in my will?
124 votes and you're not on the poll.
5670560.
Even though I don't, they do.
pound 560 and leave a right singular wireless line.
You can talk from now until the end of time and they're going to change nothing.
Okay.
What makes you think I think a little bit of will?
You know you won't.
That would be QYM.
Hello.
You got the wrong impression there for about 50 bucks.
Yeah.
QYM.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
All right, we're still.
How you doing?
Good.
How you doing?
I'm doing all right.
No, I mean, just forget about the guy Galekab.
You know what we should listen to the bird that we play.
I will survive by them around the world.
Can you play that?
Do you understand a word that he just said?
It's one of your people.
I don't understand a damn thing.
He's making requests, okay?
Forget about that guy and I'll do something for me.
Yeah, go play with yourself, okay?
Get lost.
And learn how to speak it English.
Speak it English for quite a lot.
You are really good.
Oh, great.
I got it.
You know money.
I'll tell you that right now.
Schmuck.
Maybe he just had a bad phone.
It sounded like he was talking through a string.
It did sound like that.
It sounded like he was stringing or something.
Bad phone.
Go up, take up a collection.
Okay.
Go out on the street corner there by the sub-center with a tin cup.
Take up a collection and get enough money to buy a cell phone.
Wouldn't that be good?
That would be.
Even the cheapest ones, even the ones that they give away.
They throw money actually just to take it.
Sound better than that thing.
Come on 104 votes on the poll.
567-0560.
Town 560 in the Verizon and Singular wireless line.
WQAM, hello.
Neil God, please.
Yes sir, speaking.
Neil, calling from Fort Myers, hell.
And the wind up.
I'm trying to pick up with the theme here in the kitchen.
I'm going to come in and it goes out.
It's horrible.
Well, good luck to you, pal.
Get out of that place as soon as you can.
Here's a fact from somebody that says Uncle Neil.
I think it took a real man to tell everyone and their mother your story.
However, since you let that out, aren't you where people are wanting to become your friend?
Who are interested in getting into your will?
I don't mean to care about that because it ain't going to happen.
I learned a very embarrassing lesson.
Of course, the idea is that I wouldn't see, I don't think people understand that.
And I had emailed, I'm one of the many emails that I didn't get a response to with that.
He knew damn well.
I mean, you have to be stupid.
You know, that'd be very slow.
I mean, I understand the young guys can be slow.
But then I was like, he was one of my really very favorite people.
You know, all over the years, all the people have come to their appearances in the games
and kiss my ass.
He was one of my all-time favorites.
It's not like anybody who was listening around there, even if they look good,
I would say, oh gee, I want to be one of my really great friends and leave you in my will
and make a difference in your life.
I wouldn't do that.
It would only be him.
That's my luck.
That's my luck.
See, in other words, can you imagine if it would have been from Greg from Port St. Lucie?
You see?
I would have wanted to befriend him and put him in my will.
Maybe get a hitman, something like that for Greg, but not the, you know.
So that's the deal.
But I thought, yeah, I'm still I'm panning myself on the ass.
It don't even feel good.
Not as fast as it used to be though.
Travel away on the pool on the internet.
Don't get carried away with people on the internet.
You'll be, you'll live to regret it or maybe not.
WQYM, hello.
Maybe Mo got to him.
Yeah, that could be it.
Maybe Mo had something to do with it.
The moment.
WQYM, hello.
QYM.
And he just vanished.
Just like a puff of smoke.
You really to that QYM, hello.
WQYM, hello.
Not there.
But we're going to run today.
Wow, this is really special now.
This is really special.
56670560.
I thought after I burst out with that, I thought the, it would be the response would be
unbuttoned you.
No, even because it never is.
No matter what it is.
Well, I want to hear this and can't you do that?
That's right.
That's right.
Then, then, then.
Yeah, it's all about them.
And maybe that's what this is all about too.
It's a south Florida like part of the illness, part of the disease from there,
funneling its way back up to me here.
You just can't get away from it.
Right.
WQYM, hello.
I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you.
I love you, I love you.
I'm just kidding.
You know, okay, too late.
Too late.
WQYM, hello.
Yes, what is the length?
The Myspace length.
Oh, it's Myspace.
What is it?
Forward slash Neil God.
Oh, it's my, of Neil God.
Myspace.com slash Neil God.
Thank you much.
Okay.
Bye.
Are you like that?
There's somebody who wants to go on air and leave the your friend and want to take him in as well.
Or maybe be my friend.
Can I be my friend, Godfather?
Neil God!
No.
Yes, see, it's one thing if he has somebody who's going to be your friend who can do something for you.
I mean, like pull some strings and get a couple of hits, arrange things like that.
WQYM, hello.
QAM.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, daddy.
WQYM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
I'm a Cuban mountain neighbor of Georgia's.
I wanted to mention that, I don't know if you realize that, but yesterday was also the anniversary of the day or the year whatever.
That you can, the bird is that.
Yeah.
I considered it an early birthday present for me, mine's tomorrow.
Oh.
And I remember, I remember it.
Amazing that everybody would keep track of something like that.
That is shocking.
That's what it's supposed to be.
Oh, it's your birthday.
It's stuck with me all this time.
I loved it.
Well, in that case, let me just say, have a happy.
Thank you, sir.
You're welcome.
How are you like that?
It's all about them.
You're right.
1212 votes on the poll.
You're right.
It's all about them.
Me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, like that.
I hate the internet.
14.
They're on it.
They're dealing with it, but they, just like anything else in South Florida, they hate it.
The biggest name.
So best talent to the business.
We are Roger.
Rock solid.
We all know who Charlie Christmas is.
We all know who Charlie Christmas is.
But if you know Charlie Christmas, not straight, he's a queer.
He's just been elected to lead for a gun.
But he's got a secret that I think you should hear.
We all know who Charlie Christmas is.
We all know Charlie Christmas.
But if you know Charlie Christmas, not straight, he's a queer.
You fare a mile of the closet and be who you are.
Remember our foe and what happened this year.
We all know Charlie Christmas.
We all know Charlie Christmas.
But if you know Charlie Christmas, not straight, he's a queer.
From 18 at 560 WQAM,
Pro-131 votes on the poll.
The internet's baby.
That's where you meet and greet and your life turns to...
Oops, can't say it.
It starts with an S.
So I agree.
Yeah, slime.
Turns this line all the time.
See, there's another thing that I'm really wondering.
If that's a legitimate thing, how come somebody who's involved in the midst of this
and I'm discussing it on the urinal for a couple of hours today?
Why would his profile still be on our MySpace page?
If you're telling me you could remove it?
Which he's online right now, by the way, your friend.
Your close friend that you want to leave all your money to.
And I think that the reason I'm not getting the response I expected is because the overwhelming
majority of the audience out there are thinking,
oh my god, is this a puss or what?
What are silly old queen?
You know like that.
What's wrong with being a silly old queen, huh?
It's your business.
It's my business, it's my life.
Okay, it is what it is.
Just like Bon Jovi said, it's my life and it's your wife and what are I'll take mine.
56670560, pound 560 in the Verizon and Singular wireless line.
WDQIM, hello.
QIM.
Yes?
Hi, how would I get a message to Neil Rogers?
You're speaking to him.
You got to write it out on a clean white sheet of paper.
You're speaking to him.
What?
I said this is he.
What can I do for you, sir?
This is Neil.
What are I?
I...
That's the message, sir.
What is the message?
I want to know if you and my will.
Well, I'm not fooling about your will, sir.
Good.
If you're Neil Rogers, I want to mention to you, if you are Neil Rogers, you would know what I'm talking about.
About 30 years ago, I went to a hockey game or some kind of a sport game.
And I met you and I was very impressed with you.
And the next...
You mentioned that you always had that scene at that particular sport every year game.
And the next time I came, I brought you some pictures of the Godfather picture.
The Godfather.
Yeah.
You know the movie?
The Godfather?
Yeah, vaguely.
You're a re-reheater.
You heard of it.
You're a great actor, I commend you.
I commend you.
I commend you.
I commend you.
I commend you.
Well, thank you so much and have a great life, okay?
Wow.
Come on.
Come on, set some...
One, two, three, four.
That's what we got out of pole.
1234, baby.
We are kicking some serious smelly ass.
567, 0560.
Wow, wow, wow, man.
South Florida.
See, now I feel like it wasn't even worthwhile.
But I like bearded my soul and my guts.
Although it was good for me though.
I knew that.
It was.
It was great.
It was very cathartic and therapeutic for me.
And I don't feel like some kind of a silly old fool.
I feel like, you know, I've just been to me to feel bad.
No reason at all.
You know, I'm already generous and wonderful human being.
With a brilliant mind by the way.
Mm-hmm.
WDQ-YM, hello.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Hey Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
How are you?
Well, thank you.
You've been dying for great phone calls.
So why don't you like for two, three months in a row say
whoever has the best phone call will be in my will?
Right.
I guarantee you'll have this hours on hours of great phone calls.
Yeah, then we'll put them on hold, take their name and address and throw it in the trash, right?
Yeah, man, exactly.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, that's South Florida.
You're right.
They all want something, man.
They're not going to give it to you for free.
They want something.
Well, it's like the free tickets.
Everyone calls.
It is nice to see you.
And everything.
Yeah, the free tickets are good calls.
Thanks a lot, pal.
And by the way, you ain't going to be in it.
Well, if you...
What is with this?
But in response to him, if you offered a million dollars per call, you still couldn't get a good one.
Oh.
That's about ability, not design.
When you remember the times we give the tickets away, we call it in the middle.
So the worst ever.
You have to have something to say and they would pretend that they were saying, you know, talking about something on...
Oh, and by the way, could I have the tickets?
Oh, what a place, man.
Florida is just...
I mean, just look at the map.
All the swill from everywhere else in the country just kind of runs down to that penicilla, man.
Just...
Oh, it's just like sludge at the bottom of a septic tank.
Oh, I can smell it.
No, but you see what I mean?
Why would somebody still have their profile on it, the thing after this?
Because obviously there's going to be, you know, although maybe there won't be.
I'm looking for a lot of messages for me on there.
And I see like, what about heads of our four or five?
Maybe they're about...
Maybe that thing is highly overrated.
And again, keep in mind, we've only got 811 people.
Friends.
Right.
But I'm telling you, it's a time of day thing and most people, except those people that make it their life,
don't interact with their minds as they...
I know.
Every hour of every day.
Right.
Checking with it maybe once a day in the evening or every other day or like me once a week.
No, but that would be...
But I, you know, I kind of asked for that and that would be a way for them to communicate with us immediately if they're in a computer.
If they're in a computer enough to vote on the pool, we have 1236 votes.
Let's see what I'm saying.
They certainly could be on that thing, but maybe it's just not the same crowd.
Maybe the mind-space people don't vote on our pool.
Maybe the billy-thirteenth year for other pools.
I don't know.
WQYM, hello.
We're at every day.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, that was quick.
How you doing, you know?
Okay.
Just...
I only have a question before you.
I heard the story and everything and...
You feel like, you know, you got to have your guard up now.
Like if you heard you just write it off, don't you?
You really need to make any new friends.
I was just curious.
You're...
I mean, you know, it's funny.
I just...
It makes you much more alert of other people.
It makes you really nervous about getting involved with anybody.
Yeah.
I mean, even face-to-face.
It's like, you really don't know people.
You know, you get to know them, you think.
And then, I mean, that is similar experience here.
Like, with a girl, wasn't on the internet, but it's like, you know,
it's just screwed with me so bad that my guard is up.
But I couldn't care less to even make a friend or have a relationship.
So, you know, screw it.
But talk it off, you know.
I don't know if it's a large...
Jacob and I are going to be having any, you know,
intimate relationship any cut time soon.
No, it didn't appear like it didn't sound like that's what your intent was.
I mean, it was not hard.
It was not hard, but it was not.
I don't play that game, believe me.
It's...
Yeah, especially online.
Yeah, if you're at, you know, you know, you can catch your share.
I would assume.
And, you know, it's just too bad.
You extend your arm of friendship out in a...
I think of friendship and somebody took a machete and just chopped their right off.
Broke it off.
That's it.
My dad used to always say,
so if you stick your arm out to help people and there whatnot,
and they just busted off.
Amen.
Okay, good luck to us, pal.
Yeah, I was thinking it was like, you know,
and I don't want to make it into a sexual thing because it wasn't,
but it's like bringing somebody right to the edge of orgasm and then chopping their remember off, you know,
taking a machete and just slicing it right off.
Yeah.
Oh, brother, what a life.
1244 votes on the pool.
Word of warning, stay off the internet.
Except to vote on our pool and of course on our lovely Myspace page.
Maybe there's some more messages on our Myspace page, you think?
See, I don't know whether to love that page now or to hate it.
Because I don't pay very much attention to it.
You could be in the end of the day.
It goes to show you what bad luck I have.
I had good luck at Woodbuyne yesterday, but generally speaking, I mean, I've been very lucky in some other ways in life.
But the times when you're just unlucky, like Mogreen said, or was it, what's the name?
Well, there's somebody.
It says, what does it say?
E.M. and said, little puppy.
You know, the little puppy dog, of course you don't pay attention.
It says, cheer up old man and you live and learn.
Well, that's cute.
I'm putting that right on there.
You live and learn.
Cheer up old man.
Here's another one.
It says, I've been loyal fan for the past 16 years and I'm proud atheist.
Thanks to you, I'm spreading news around.
You go and some, whatever your name is.
Thanks a million, it says.
And I'm still not putting you in my will.
And he's online right now, as a matter of fact, and that's real.
That's real, as well.
That's what it says underneath online now.
It's got that little orange thing bubbling.
Well, that's so exciting when you see that somebody is online.
You think that maybe they're going to like, and here's Tracy.
Tracy from New Orleans.
She's a sweetheart.
It says, you seem to be dealing with a situation really well.
Oh.
Oh.
Now, you know how much I hate being out sick.
I'm just not one of those slikers that don't like to come into work that finds an excuse.
Sure we believe.
And on Tuesday morning when I came in early and I said, you got to do the show today.
I'm ready.
I'm like having a nervous breakdown.
I think I was a sooty pressed and I was in no mental shape to do the show.
Because you have to be, you know, do the show.
And George knows this.
You have to be in a certain frame of mind.
You know, talk crap for four hours.
Absolutely.
But anyway, I'm dealing with a really well-tracy right?
And unsettling as it undoubtedly is whether the guy who was what he said and is therefore an utter bastard
or is being impersonated by somebody else, it's not worth your time or your money obviously.
You've got a ton of silent support from all of us and I appreciate you sharing the story with everyone.
It's unbelievable that someone would try to take advantage.
But we all know the world is full of less than savory characters that Jack I should know better than mess with Neil God.
Thank you, Tracy.
That's really sweet.
And I love the first part.
There seem to be dealing with this really, really well.
The biggest thing is the best challenge for the thing is to be in Rochester.
Sixth grader's God.
In a million years, you'll never believe it.
What you got to reply?
Uh-huh.
I must live my life loving you.
Live right before we could go to.
And when it's time to head south and round.
I wanna go wherever living is for best.
I'm on the deepest one I've built on.
I wanna live wherever you all can have fun like my writing from me.
On those goals and dreams I wanna die of.
It's like I wanna die of.
I wanna live my life loving you.
Live right before we could go to.
And when it's time to head south and round.
I wanna go wherever living is for best.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
Please play My ice cream.
She has to eat ice cream.
Of course, I wanna die.
She's hungry.
She's hungry.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I want to hear people want to dance, but there's no chance at all.
So does the way he is sports-quiddin' if I want to see him grab the balls?
Oh baby wow, look at that kid, he ain't seen no man quite like gravy-win'
I gotta hide every screen and hopefully see his bones.
I can do a lot of wanna but I ain't gonna never get none.
No need days of a busy school, okay that's not so great,
but I'll go to know the humanity, at least until he's 28.
I'm ready now, I want some whip, you ain't seen no man quite like gravy-win'
Oh baby wow, look at that kid, he ain't seen no man quite like gravy-win'
I'm Mr. Brady featuring my balls, I guarantee you that.
That's for you Brady.
Come 47, it's made the Brady-win time Brady, anybody named Brady just about.
Anyway they got several more messages on it including one from Mrs. KJ as a matter of fact.
Excellent, she is a sweetheart, yes she is.
Anyway I'm reading this email here and you just want, just to make any sense to me.
Okay, but if that's what it took a whole week's worth of angst and shine,
at least I gotta respond, so at least I can always write that in my memoirs.
I finally elicit in a response.
It goes to shortly the power of this radio show.
I mean that's what it takes.
1289 votes on the poll, so let's see, Jacob doesn't want my money,
anybody else out there want it?
I'm not planning on giving it away or to like croak.
Boy, Jane has got a great comment, but I can't read it because it wouldn't print out.
Well I'll put it on there on the thing Jane, that my face page, what a hoot.
What a hoot.
Here's a fact from Jane and Deerfield on the PS, she says, happy birthday George.
Thank you.
She says, starting to hear your stories like that Aaron Neville song,
everybody plays the fool sometime, it took a real man to admit it on the radio.
Take care and mend your heart.
What's that BG song?
How can I mend the broken heart?
How do you mend the broken heart?
How do you mend?
I'll survive man, I'll survive.
Just find it, rather, and again, I don't see, I'm never gonna really know.
Unless somebody actually has the cajon's to what talk to you on the phone, voice to voice,
emails don't mean anything.
Oh, here we go, the BG, the fabulous BG's is what we're here to say, and I don't know why he said that.
The fabulous BG's.
Somewhere here, we're sure they're coming.
We're still alive, I think we're dead.
I think I step on a little bit of sliver there, but that's okay.
Better than choking on that cheeseburger.
Proviner 94 votes on the pool, I have 1300, easy, I believe, by one o'clock.
Don't forget we got mad dog at two.
What is that?
They're in level.
Oh, they're in level.
How's that?
Enough to bring a tear to the corner of your eye.
Life is too short for BS, man, let me just take you that right now.
It's too short for BS to stress people out, to cite games with people, etc and so on.
You know what I'm saying?
No.
Never left.
Some people are just maybe a little insensitive.
Is that a good way to put it?
Insensitive, maybe.
Eric Foner writes, and I'm going to go back to a story, because I think that the fact I got a response to that,
at least for this chapter of the guiding blight, I think that brings us to a halt for now.
Are you think?
Yeah.
And I really, you know, because it's personal stuff and I really don't talk about that on the ear,
and I sure didn't want to embarrass him or make him look bad as he says or like that,
or using this kind of a whipping boy on the ear when he says he can't respond all the way finally did.
But it's just, you know, the pool today is about the experiences on the internet,
and that's what inspired me to do it.
Because I talk it up as a very unsavory unpleasant experience.
I mean, how hard would it be for you?
I mean, you know, granted it's a magnanimous offer, but how hard would it be for somebody to say,
gee, I really can't accept that as very generous, but you know, I don't need it,
I don't want it in the, you know, and life goes on.
Would that be easy?
It would be.
It wouldn't take like five days, or whatever, or three or four days, whatever it's been to,
well, maybe for some people it would, you know, maybe they're a little bit...
Hello?
A little bit slow.
I don't want to say that.
A little bit slow, a little time, time, whatever.
It's okay.
He's the worst everwrites Eric Foner ever since 1948 when Harvard professor Arthur Schlesinger
seniorized 55 historians to rank U.S. presidents on the scale from great to failure.
Such polls have been a favorite pastime for those of us who studied the American past.
Changes in presidential rankings reflect shifts in how we do history.
When the first poll was taken, the reconstruction era that followed the Civil War
was regarded as a time of corruption and misgovernment caused by granting black men the right to vote.
As a result, President Andrew Johnson of Furf and White Supremacy's to oppose efforts to extend basic rights to former slaves was rated near-grade.
Today by contrast, scholars consider reconstruction a flaw but noble attempt to build an interracial democracy from the ashes of slavery and Johnson of life failure.
More often, however, however, the rankings display a remarkable year-to-year uniformity.
Abel and King George Washington and Franklin B. Roosevelt always figure in the great category, most presidents are ranked average or to put it less terribly, mediocre.
Andrew Johnson, Franklin Pierce, James Buchanan, Warren G. Harding, Calvin Coolidge, and Rich Enix and Occupy the bottom-run, and now President Bush is a leading contender to join them.
Look at history as well as Bush's policies explains why.
At a time in actual crisis, Pearson Buchanan, who served in the eight years preceding the Civil War and Johnson who followed it, were simply not after the job.
Stubber narrow-minded unwilling to listen to criticism or to consider alternatives to disastrous mistakes, they surmur themselves with sick offense and shape their policies to appeal to retrogress and political forces in that era of pro-slavian racist ideologues.
Even after being reputed in the midterm elections of 1854, 58, and 1866, they ignored major currents of public opinion and clung to a flawed policies. Bush's presidency certainly brings theirs to mind.
Harding and Coolidge are best remembered for the correction of their years in office, 1921 to 23 and 23 to 29, and for chamely money and favors to big business.
They slashed income and corporate taxes and supported employers' campaigns to eliminate unions.
Members of their administrations receive kickbacks in brob from lobbyists and businessmen, never before here or anywhere else to clear the Wall Street Journal has the government been so completely fused with business.
The Journal could hardly have anticipated the even worse crony as in corruption and pro-business bias of the Bush administration.
Despite some notable accomplishments in domestic and foreign policy, Nixon is mostly associated with disdain for the Constitution and abuse of presidential power.
Obsessed with secrecy and media leaks, he viewed every critic as a threat to national security and illegally spot on U.S. citizens.
Nixon considered himself above the law. Bush has taken this disdain for law even further. He has sought to stir people accused of crimes or rights that date back as far as the Magna Carta and Anglo-American jurisprudence.
Proud by impartial jury, access to lawyers and knowledge of evidence against them, and dozens of statements when signing legislation is asserted that they're right to ignore the parts of laws with which he disagrees.
His administration has adopted policies regarding the treatment of prisoners of war that have disgraced the nation and alienated virtually the entire world.
Usually during wartime the Supreme Court has refrained from passing judgment on presidential actions related to national defense.
The courts unprecedented review of Bush's policies on detainees indicate how far the administration is strayed from the rule of law.
One other president bears comparison to Bush, James Knox Polk. Some as strong as he can to poke salinity, I bet he is.
Some historians admire him in part because he made their job easier by keeping a detailed diary during his administration which spanned the years of the Mexican-American War.
But Polk should be remembered primarily for launching that unprooked attack on Mexico and seizing the third of its territory for the U.S.A.
Lincoln, then a member of Congress, from Illinois, condemned Polk from misleading Congress and the public about the cause of the war and led Mexican-incursion into the U.S.
Accepting the presence right to attack another country whenever he shall demonessfully can observe would make an impossible to fix any limit to his power to make war.
Today one wishes that the country had heated Lincoln's warning.
Historians are low to predict the future. It's impossible to say with certainty how Bush will be ranked in say 2050, but somehow in his first six years in office he's managed to combine the lapses of leadership,
misguided policies and abusive power of his failed predecessors. I think there was no alternative but to rank him as the worst president in U.S. history.
Absolutely correct sir.
Eric Foner, he's the Whit Clinton professor of history at Columbia University in that system. The worst president in American history, which I say,
absolutely correct sir. I like that. Very nice.
I'm not up to 99 votes on a soul. We're going to verge of 13.
So that was quite a traumatic what two hours on that? Wow.
Consider yourself a celebrity now Jacob. I made you into superstar. Okay, even if I treated you very unfairly, which I don't think I did.
And you're still okay in my book. You still look good anyway.
Okay. Well, there's something to be said for that. Okay. I mean, somebody looks good. Yeah.
I'm going to give you even a further confession. Okay. I mean, this is, you know, it's a little bit syrupy.
But of course, you don't even look at these things because it was something that could chick you'd be on it like stink on Greg, you know, on Joyce.
But if you go to our my space, which are you sure not on it, you know, are you? No, not. No, I can't.
Well, if you go down there and you find you look at the playboy, bunny, that blonde chick there with a big boobs, you look at her and they're like, they're, huh? Amy.
Is that what that is? Yeah. Matt had her on the show. Did you really? Sure. Well, I'll be there.
I'll post for some pictures. Maybe I could have Jacob. I'll sit on my left of the hockey game.
Just a joke. Just a joke. Just calm down. Just something to think about though.
Just going to be squirming around a little bit. Anyway, just to the left of what is her name again, the blonde Amy.
There's Jacob. You can click on his profile. And if you do that, when you're not doing this because you're not on here yet,
anyway, knowing how slow that thing is. And there's a thing at the bottom of his face. It says, my picks, you my picks.
Okay. If you got to say, following this or am I just talking to myself? No, we're both on there now. You are? You click on my picks.
And in the lower left hand corner of those pictures, he's posted on his page. There's a picture of Jacob in the desert in Vegas.
He told me where there was. Squatting on a big boulder. Yeah. With a big smile on his face. And it's taken from a distance.
And it's certainly with his clothes on. There's nothing sexual on the face of that picture. That picture just leaves me. It just melts me like an ounce of butter.
By the way, that's not Amy. That's some other person I never met. Well, whoever. I don't care about Amy. I'm looking at Jacob on the boulder.
I'm going on Amy dead. This is a black baby. That's the number. She's not attached. I don't want Amy to think that I'm mixing up with that other thing.
Oh, God. Are you looking at the picture I'm talking about? Who cares about Jacob? Exactly. I do. I'm talking about Amy. Oh, boy. You're bad.
Well, if it wouldn't have been for my kidnian, I think you wouldn't have been looking at Amy. So that's not Amy. Hey, I look at Amy all the way to the blonde. Playboy. He's a lot prettier than she is.
Amy's upright under my picture. Whatever. Whatever. I don't want to look at. I may have lunch at two o'clock. Well, my picture.
I think we may have gotten this not straightened up. At least we've alleviated a lot of the pressure. You know, like really seem like a fart. All that pressure builds up inside you. You know what I mean? Absolutely.
And it's just it's necessary. In fact, they say whoever they are, you know, the experts, the fart experts, the build up inside you.
You'd gas experts say that if you don't fart, you would blow up. You know what I'm saying? Right? Because all that gas would be like, it has to get out somewhere. When it died, you got to let it out is what I always said.
Not too much. 1305 on the pole. Correct.
A great day, man. A great Thursday. I think I've come back to life today from a real deep bank depression all over nothing, man. What should you do about nothing?
And that's how some of us are. These emotional cripples like me. We get ourselves all worked up into a state about what? Huh?
Nothing. Nothing. Although I will say this. It says, are we connected to you after a year or so? What does that mean? Because I always looked at you as a friend. See, he reconnected with me. I didn't seek him out.
I thought it wouldn't have liked to, but I didn't seek him out. I go like hunting him down. Right? Right?
At least you better admit that. Yeah. Well, there you go. So I think that he and I got a lot in common. We both can be really annoying and a pain in the ass.
1258 at 560 WBQM. Nothing is worse this time. The other half to fight those crazy shoppers at the mall and those department stores and vetting stores. If you need new mattress, you can skip all the holiday shopping mayhem by sitting on your fat arse and make one easy call to the
dial. And one 800 mattress like I've been doing for a very, very long time. It's dial. And actress is 30th birthday right now to celebrate 30th birthday.
But 30 man celebrate dial. And actress and Simmons are offering the lowest price of the year on the best selling Simmons beauty rest for the top. It's like they bring the whole store right to you. Call one 800 mattress to get factory direct prices in the
world. We're in the service with no nonsense. No BS. No games. You know what I mean? No BS with dial. And actress just choose the date and time for delivery any day a week seven days from a
day into 10 p.m. Even the same day you call and dial. And actress will be there when you want when you're asked is going to be home. That's one of the many reasons why dial. And actress continues to be ranked number one of the world
and customer satisfaction by everybody here at QM is using dial. And actress including your truly of course on the web. Look them up at macrus.com or like I said, just make that one easy call.
1 800 macrus. 1 800 MATTRES. Leave off the last is because it stands for stew pendus savings.
The biggest name. So best talent. The best is you Roger.
A lot of to do.
Well, it's my favorite holiday with good times and cheer. When all the pretty ladies are drunk on eggnog and beer. Well, it's my favorite holiday. I just want this.
I get on my cell phone and call my favorite ho-ho-ho. Got a shop got a shop got a shop of a mall and try to find sales. They got to keep your own works and sales.
I put on the big red soup so the ice and all my crap will it's another holiday gift.
The only problem is getting past delivery the grins. There's nothing like running. They get in the snow to have fun.
Must buy something for the girl who works in the city of Bunge.
Got a buy a new dress for Bonacaleau. It's me. Maybe get a hat for a linda trip that bus. It's me. I should buy a little spark for a car. What jokes that would fill me with Gwee.
And I'll try to convince her to be me at five.
I'm ready. This time of year I'll waste my heart. When cheer all the ladies loaded up that Burmish now.
And there's the one with you. Merry Christmas and a happy holiday. It's Gordy. Bon warning. My favorite time of year.
I don't want to be a grinch or anything like that. I attend another personal thing. This is not all that big of a deal. But to me it is.
Every year. Almost every year of my life. My adult life. Between my birthday. Between the 5th of November and the end of the year. Everything just turns to crap.
I don't know what that is. If I can just survive till new year. Everything from November 5th till January 1. That's it.
It's not related to the holidays necessarily. Maybe it's biorethms or the moon is in your rain.
Whatever is going on. At any rate. 5 6 7 0 5 6 6. So here's two hours that we killed with this whole personal lunch.
Rrenching story. That was your plan all along. I just know it. Right. I needed the material. I can try drama.
Oh yeah. Can try if you wouldn't want to know. Okay. Now. I think the sad part of it is that there's no question part of it is my fault.
Far be it for me to apologize for somebody shining for three or four days. But I'm over the top of people. It's just the way I am if I like somebody.
And they're just aren't that many people. I mean my life that I really become enamored with. You know what I'm saying? Thank God.
You don't think part of it was my fault for just going too far being too pushy. I wouldn't say pushy but yeah too far.
No. Because I think this is really a decent guy. I think. But nevertheless.
Actor James Brolin laid this celebrity to public. 9 11. How do you like that? Follows in the footsteps of David Lynch on the same day.
Do you see this story? No. Well here you go. Now the fact he's married to Bobo. I guess you know may have a little bit something to do with it.
Actor James Brolin, the husband of Bobo Streisand at Crosside Bitch, has today become the latest celebrity figure to public.
He questioned the official story behind 9 11. Oh right.
After he encouraged viewers of a tap red at ABC talk show to check out a 9 11 truth website.
Guess what show he was on yesterday morning that we don't watch. That real men that no men watch.
The view? That's it. Brolin appeared as a guest on the view yesterday morning.
According to emails we've been receiving in numbers toward the end of the show. It says on this is a prison planet.
The actor questioned 9 11. In other words, they don't watch it either.
To the end of the show, the actor questioned 9 11. And urge the audience to check out the website 9 11 we know.com.
Which is website that purports to expose how the Twin Towers and Building 7, which wasn't hit by a plane were brought down via control demolition.
We've received multiple reports that the view which airs live from the West Coast in Pacific and mountain time zones,
was preempted by breaking news of the steady group on Iraq and eastern and central time zones.
Breaking news. Every time somebody farts in Alaska, breaking news on CNN and FoxNMSNBC.
And by the way, Jacob Quo watch and Fox.
Rollins lengthy cinema and TV history includes major roles in the West Wing with Martin Sheen, the Amity Villahoror,
Campra Corn One, and the upcoming Rambo movie. He today joins film director and cult icon David Lynch.
In going public with his doubts about the official story behind 9 11,
Lynch told Dutch TV he thought World Trade Center Building 7 was brought down via control demolition.
And if the Pentagon and Pennsylvania crash sites were suspicious, due to the absence of evidence that a plane crashed at either location,
he called them suspicious.
Just like this whole business having going through myself or we can have little suspicious.
But then again, I'm a you know paranoid guy. Like what do you want?
Why say I'm not like that anymore. Not that I'm in Toronto.
South Florida, you're like, oh, who you and what do you want?
Everybody suspicious. Everybody hates each other. Like just like that.
Lynch and Berlin follow in the footsteps of other notable cultural figures who were spoken out on 9 11 such as Richard Linklater,
Jesse Ventura, Matthew Bellamy, Ed Asner and Charlie Sheen.
They named a mountain chain after him, the Sheenie Alps.
Sheen was the first type profile celebrity to put his reputation online in the name of 9 11 Truth and his courage
should be saluted and opened in the door for present and future individuals to follow his example.
Nice going Charlie, okay? I don't want to see that Bobby movie. Anybody see the Bobby movie?
The one there. Bobby, Bobby Kennedy. Come on. Don't give me this what now.
What now? I mean, I realized you weren't born, I guess you were. But just like a fetus is barely right.
1968. Well, how old, what was your birthday? Stay how old?
I was four years old. I was born in 65.
I was born in 65. I was born in 65. I was born in 65.
I was born in 65. I was born in 65.
I was born in 65. I was born in 65.
I was born in 65. I was born in 65.
I was born in 65. I was born in 65. I was born in 65.
I was born in 65. I was born in 65. I was born in 65.
I was born in 65. I was born in 65. I was born in 65.
I was born in 65. I was born in 65. I was born in 65.
I was born in 65. I was born in 65. I was born in 65.
I was born in 65. I was born in 65. I was born in 65.
I was born in 65. I was born in 65. I was born in 65.
I was born in 65. I was born in 65.
I was born in 65. I was born in 65.
I was born in 65. I was born in 65.
I was born in 65. I was born in 65.
I was born in 65. I was born in 65.
I was born in 65. I was born in 65.
I was born in 65. I was born in 65.
I was born in 65. I was born in 65.
I was born in 65. I was born in 65.
I was born in 65. I was born in 65.
I was born in 65. I was born in 65.
I was born in 65.
I was born in 65.
I was born in 65.
Prof.
Philosophy is life is short, livid, enjoy life. My good friend up here. That's his, you know, when I go to woodbind
Send him emails. He always sends me back a message. Enjoy life. Yeah, I like that. That's right. He's right
Oh, that couldn't be the region. Could anybody have a heart or a liver?
You're not getting a squat for Christmas. There's no gifts that Santa leaves. No Jesus birthday presents
Just because you don't believe you have your potato life
But it's your chief's that you hate those Christian kids are so happy. Oh, yeah, mom the straight-off rate
You got killed to not a new life. You got nothing that you like. You know that is true
There's no fine on to it's not for you
You always got to know the baby. You're not that menorah
In fact, you know something I haven't played this did I play this the other day or not my menorah? I don't think so
I don't think so. Equal time maybe then we got to play one for the rag here for the schmata
I used a bearing on a cup my cup is the best of the love light my daughter never gonna quit
You're the lit in this wonderful fire of poly celebrate it is going to do oh
Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh
yeah
no RMN have gone away so happiness
it has pond rifles and fire bullies
oh yo yo yo yo yo
man no RMN
no RMN
 retro Facebook
uh eh
I'll be helping you today.
Hey, would you please be having a proustler, biggie?
We are having a sailor, camera.
R-A-G-G, we are behind a bar many flavors.
R-A-G, I'm afraid that is not pizza.
Oh no!
R-A-G-G, A-G-A-G-A
We'll care till you everything.
I'm just kidding baby, but I'm falling inside that biggie.
Yes, it's growing with our women and bags.
It is only because they're so bad at it.
You can never group reactions on a group,
but we don't want to drink out.
We wish it's made like our food.
R-A-G-G, we're stopping in front of the sea.
R-A-G-G, I think one of my favourite food is my tasty food.
R-A-G-G, R-A-G-G, R-A-G-G,
I think it's your excuse to know how you're ready to eat.
R-A-G-G-G, I think it's your right hand.
R-A-G-G, R-A-G-G, R-A-G-G,
R-A-G-G-G, R-A-G-G-G,
R-A-G-G-G, R-A-G-G-G,
R-A-G-G-G-G-G,
R-A-G-G-G-G-G-G,
R-A-G-G-G-G, R-A-G-G-G,
Oh, an equal time for everybody.
Okay, I would be leave out.
We didn't do the quanza thing.
What do we play for quanza?
I don't know.
I know, I got a good one.
Let's play this for quanza.
Where the hell is going that far?
I guess not.
One-nineteen.
Oh, here's a fact.
Look at that from John.
He says his birthday is November 2nd.
Great minds are Scorpio.
It's only like that.
Yeah.
He says my brother and I are 20 plus listeners.
They'll need the robust living self-floating any longer.
What congratulations, John, and your brother.
My father was CEO and founder and president of Family Bank.
Wow!
Family Bank.
I was once, of course, my bank has changed about 85 times.
I think it's not what it was when I started there in plantation.
Correct.
Remember Matt?
What was his name?
Matt, what is a good guy?
Huh?
What a Matthew, whatever it was.
Now, that was a good guy.
Good looking guy, too.
But he was a tool for me and it was whatever.
He was Jewish.
Anyway, Matt, he got me involved with Family Bank.
He invited me and he took good care of me.
Then it became something else.
Then something else and I was watching over you money.
My father was CEO, president of Family Bank,
which along with several other banks, he started with taking over by larger institutions.
I remember you mentioning the bank once and while I believe you had accounts there.
See, right?
Unfortunately, pop died last year, but his henchmen three-fourth with community bank have browored.
Anyway, we were longtime residents this year.
I've floated vaguely remember the good days, fun times, and atmosphere largely free of the human direct
that now plays the posterior of the peninsula.
Remember our strength is in our absurdity, he says.
Absolutely, John.
As I drove down a hellendale Monday, the first time over here I visited, I listened with the interest on the topic of Larry Hatton.
He was a King's worthless legacy, which has recovered in multiple narrative.
He is one of about three humans, question mark after the word human, whose success I vehemently resent.
Rest assured that you were not among the other two.
In fact, you deserve the money his worthless behind makes.
Boy, you can imagine how much I could leave in my will then, if I had Larry King's money.
What do you think, Jacob?
No, you see something?
If I can interrupt this reading for just a second.
And I'm not trying to like suck up, but you know me.
I'm easy.
In fact, that somebody doesn't want to accept that.
That to me is a good sign of a good person.
Yeah.
And not somebody that's like out to scam your loany's rubber.
Right.
Well, there's so many of those people around.
Sure.
Thanks, Jacob.
But anyway, my email address isn't as good as I am not gay looking to extend anything other than the congratulations for your longevity and wit.
I think South Florida would implode without your countenance and colorful analyses spelled with the several E's and Z.
Thanks, John, and his worth days November 2nd.
Well, the least we can do for good old John is like, but I don't think I'm going to be doing any pen pally with any new email people.
Sorry, John.
I'm sure you're a wonderful guy and your brother and your mom and all other and thanks to your dad for the bank and Matt Korshoff.
That was his name.
Yeah.
I never forget the name of a really hot looking guy.
He was a nice guy too, Matt.
It was very, you know, a big fan, big group.
Maybe he's still listening right now.
Hey, Matt, what do you think?
Matt got married while he was over there with family banks, matter of fact.
Damn it.
You will be interested in knowing by the way that Jacob is not married.
I just passed out a lot for any of the hot chicks out there looking for a really wonderful guy.
Just learned to meet him in person.
Don't do too much emailing.
Not a good idea.
1356 on the pool.
We have a real shot, baby, at 1400 today, which on a day like this when I'm pouring my guts out, when I'm just reaching inside with like a long,
huge amount of energy.
And because shoveling my guts like a moan is bag almost, you know, speaking of luricking, like somebody with a bag just squeezing it out any year.
Push, pour, pour out my heart.
Don't you think this was a good idea?
And so you see the fact that I find this is the only way I think I've ever would have gotten a response.
Do you think I would have had any response ever if I wouldn't have done this on the year?
Yeah, I do.
Why do you say that in retrospect?
If you had any idea how many shiny emails were sent by me.
See, that's just to see if you're not checking your email, you're not seeing one or a hundred.
If you're checking this again, you're even understand I'm talking about since Monday, today is Thursday.
Nobody, nobody, don't check their emails for three days.
Not by the law.
Lots of people.
No, I know that he saw all the emails in the, what about the voicemails?
Does somebody also not check their cell phone, especially somebody that's a business person that like makes a lot of money?
Me.
Is that they're working his ass out 24-7, which I'm told?
Whatever.
Unfortunate.
Sometimes people, if you're over the top and you mean too well, don't do that.
That's also a lesson for the people on my side of the deal.
Don't go overboard with people.
They become very suspicious and then they run away.
And that's just the way it is.
And then you get all excited.
And what did I do?
You know, I had good intentions and I screwed up.
13.
Now, what's your verdict?
Maybe at the end of the show, like on Judge Judy, since you keep talking about that, that's a pretty bitch.
We can have a verdict as to who was right in this and who was right.
You know, it's got to be percentages obviously because there's no black and white, right?
I'm thinking.
Well, I mean that we'll get both of your verdict by the end of the show in the last segment.
Okay.
Not that either one of you are going to give me a first shake.
Why not?
I don't know, just because you're bastards.
I don't know.
You like to watch me wiggle in the wind, like I like to have a stupid, he's playing stupid, stupid.
I'm in a time zone.
I'm on the air bearing my soul for one of the first times in all these years on the air.
I'm getting into a big and I'm like stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid.
Like that, stupid.
Because I thought it was funny.
Stupid, and it was.
13.57.
Oh, I think the whole thing was fine except for the fact that I had to go through all that source in between.
I mean, you know, like that.
You know what I mean?
Like the thing he said in his email about making him, I don't remember what it was, but.
Oh, about the makes for great radio.
It did make for great radio.
But the only problem is, so what if I croak to make for great radio to?
If you go on the air to all the stories.
13.57.
Have you ever met anybody on the internet?
No, 5.11.
Almost 40 percent.
No.
I don't chant with anybody online, 4.25.
Don't do it.
Okay, meet him in person.
Go out there and meet and greet.
Grab her by the arm by the hand by the booby, something like that.
Or pat him on the ass.
He'll know you're a real man then.
He'll know you have good intentions.
Yes, turned out well, 235.
That is swell. Turned out well.
Yes, good and bad result, 74.
Yes, it is zester 68.
I hate this pull 29.201 percent.
I hate the internet's 15.
Of course, that's how Florida made it.
You could put I hate anything and you'd have at least 15.20.
So maybe 15 isn't that bad, will you say?
Okay.
That's what I would say.
26 after 1, we got the mad dog back today at 2.
And then we got, what do we got?
We got the power hour and the Humper 5 is 7.
Got a Panther game tonight.
The Panther isn't a saver.
I could read, I see the Panther's 1 again.
They beat Pittsburgh 3.2 the other night.
And don't expect it happening anytime soon.
Because they play the savers.
Is that a home game?
I'm assuming tonight because it says versus.
That's usually a home game.
I would assume that's right.
Sabers at Panther's boys, good team to watch.
They're exciting team to savers.
Go up there and I wonder if Rick Jenner-Ret ever came back from being sicker.
Whatever happened to him.
The great Rick Jenner-Ret.
Oh, look at this.
Here's a fax about my space.
Oh, believe me, we'll have to do that after the break.
I don't want to rush it.
Not cute.
And then whatever it says at the bottom there,
I can't, you're show made a dent in my life.
That's cute.
Isn't that great?
Good luck.
Yeah, it didn't make a big impact.
A little dent.
I like that.
It's a radio show.
That's all.
It's not your life.
If this is your life, I would say right now, what time to end it?
Don't you think?
Yeah.
I mean, if you're ready, wow.
Well, listen, we're thinking of moving to Tacoma.
Is there any go to radio up there or any of them?
Remember those calls?
Oh, my God.
I think the talk shows in Tacoma.
Yeah.
Just like all the good ones in Lakeland,
too, I wish there was a lot of good talk radio there, too.
Oh, my God, your breasts are beautiful.
Oh, right.
Jingle bell, jingle bell, they're at a stop.
You cannot find that brand new Xbox.
Knowing the inventory at its run
means your favorite time has begun.
Jingle bell, jingle bell, they're at a stop.
Microsauce got one every kid wants.
Parents have changed and the malls are rewears.
Now they're tearing their hair.
The baby in the shells was a day from now.
They sold out right away.
Christmas day, time you'll hear your kid win.
And since I really shastot me good to say.
Sorry there, motherland, feel the defeat
of your kid wants there's a lot.
Strangle bell, they're boy, that would be me.
That's the way it goes.
Yes, I know it goes.
I'm proud of the iconic spot.
Let's go each other.
I'll get in there, hit the old Xbox and the Wii
and what are in the U and the Wii.
Here's a message from Undisputed again, George, on our Myspace.
Some couple.
Because I already had one from then before.
See, I don't know all these people on the Myspace.
So what?
A couple of what?
A couple of folks.
Your president would say the folks, you know, those folks.
Like the folks that blew up the buildings and stuff like that.
Those folks.
They seem like really nice people, and sincere.
And it says, Cineo, it took you to go to that level for an answer.
For one thing, I'm reading this right off the fingers.
I can't, I don't know how to print these things out very well off the Myspace.
One of these days.
What?
You'll print like a white person and all your problems.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, you don't want me to like.
That's exactly how you do it with everything to get what you want.
For one thing, pride was on a line.
If he was sincere with you, then his rationality and what is it?
See, it's got all his Godfathers still.
His rationality and indifference would go, would kick in.
And he would have ignored your radio show.
I worked 24-7, I want hardly online.
Get out of here, says George.
Something like a little girl would say.
I thought I was the one acting like a little girl.
I think I was.
What with all the technology in that we have today,
you haven't heard of multitasking?
Then, if it takes multitasking to say no,
I wonder what kind of job he has, because I wouldn't want to apply for it.
He's a salesperson, a saleswoman, he's out most of the time.
He's not sitting at a computer somewhere.
I'm not trying to make excuses, but I'm just telling you.
It says, especially since it dictates the time you speak to someone,
let me ask you something.
Was his life so busy prior to your generous request?
I'm sorry, Neil, but ever since I started listening to you
as a teenager, you taught me to stop rationalizing for people.
I thank you for that.
You're the cheapest, worth it college professor I had signed George.
Thanks George, it's a really sweet comment.
I'm not leaving George any money.
I was rationalizing for him.
I know the guy.
I'm rationalizing for anybody.
I'm just trying to figure out what else has been going on here.
Most people say, this is kind of childish and silly thing,
like a little girl, a teenager, whatever.
You just don't meet that many people in the course of your lifetime
who mean anything, who strike a chord.
I can't explain it.
You know what I'm talking about?
Some people strike a major chord within,
and then of course in your case it's only for sex.
That's all you know.
I'm sure Josh ain't like that.
If you're smart.
Yeah, what?
That's all it'll be about.
You know, somebody I know used to say,
if they don't put up, kick them out.
That's a good plan.
That is so crass.
That's grass or cash.
Okay, well, in line with that,
Cliff writes this fact,
it says, happy, abolated birthday, George, and was up Neil.
I've had my space hook up this September,
a girl flew in from Utah to spend the weekend with me.
I would have on the ticket and I loved it.
We talked for about two weeks
and I flew her 19-year-old ass down here for some sexy time,
so you never know.
See that?
He flew her 19-year-old ass,
and then the rest of us coming down in Christmas.
By the way, I called months back and asked how to,
you to get a my space page.
You had no idea what I was talking about.
Well, what does an old fart like me know about a my space page?
Okay, there's only two kinds of people,
young punks and perverts.
And even though I'm a pervert, it's not my cup of tea.
I also was the one recommending city of God.
Now I'm recommending cocaine, cowboys.
Please, anything looking at what I promise you like
and thanks for your show, you made a dent in my life.
That's because I just watched it like two nights ago.
And how was it?
It's pretty damn good.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, where's my copy of a George or hey?
On its way.
Next diplomatic pouch, how's that?
Oh, good.
And am I going to have that nice?
Am I going to have that in there too?
In the next one I set you raising Arizona,
even though Boca Brian points out,
not that I didn't already think about it,
that you might not like it, because it's a comedy,
a rye comedy, but you do like Cohen Brothers movies.
Yes.
And it's one of them and it's one of our favorite Cohen Brothers movies.
All of us, all of us, are fans of those people.
I was River Phoenix, because it's about Arizona.
No.
I love River Phoenix.
He has an answer in my emails either.
Holly Hunter is in it.
And she doesn't either as a matter of fact.
And Frances McDormand is it?
Oh, I love Frances McDormand.
I'm going to tell you Fargo is one of my,
her performance in Fargo is so good.
I think you want to know.
I hate to keep saying it because you and I are the only ones
who know what I'm talking about, but she understands me so much
through our former co-worker.
Oh, our former friend Cheryl, doesn't she?
In that movie?
Only Frances McDormand.
Just getting Cheryl out of here.
I don't want to start up with her.
She's alright.
She just stabbed me in the back once.
Although we had a pretty good lunch when she came up here
with her lady friend.
Remember that?
A year or two ago?
No.
Yeah, I told you about that.
Cheryl came up here and we met for lunch.
Her and some lady friend of hers.
We had a great time.
And she kept telling me about Disney and about her.
Because Red knows.
Maybe Disney could be.
We were off the Red knows-Rain do this Christmas.
What do you think?
He always was fond of you.
Now was he in charge when you were, was that after?
No, he was.
Both.
I had both the, uh...
Disney and Bobby Green.
George used to take Bob Green to the swing clubs.
That's right.
Took them up.
See if he could swing it.
Did he swing it?
He had a good time.
Dancing.
Oh, the dance floor.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He was a dance on this.
Okay, sweetheart.
And that's on this.
I have to find it.
That's why I emailed the Jacob dance on this and then he ran away.
No, I didn't see it.
It's a good line though.
Have you ever met anybody on the internet?
We got 1380 on the pool or 1380 votes.
Maybe we should probably take a few more of these calls.
I got, I got sidetracked here with that email and with everything else that's been going on.
This has definitely been the most soap opera show I think in the history of this show, hasn't it?
No doubt.
Deputy QYM, hello.
Neil, you're starting to sound like Oprah Winfrey.
Yeah, okay, good.
Well, that kids.
How'd you like, uh...how'd you like a liver?
We're going to give a liverweight to everybody else today and also Stebman too.
You want him?
No thanks.
Deputy QYM, hello.
All right, I'd like a large cheese and pepperoni and half cheese.
Okay, you got it, man.
We'll show you a diagram where it is sticking.
Correct them.
Hope the Pampy Rooney don't get in there too far.
It's kind of a bit too, too, out of there.
56670560, pound 560 and leave a rising and singular wireless line.
There's some new punks today.
That's good.
It's always a good time when you get some new punks in it.
Mm-hmm.
There's a poster.
I mean, we don't mind punks to just the, oh, those.
You know the ones we're talking about.
Usually I have.
You know the ones we're talking about, Joyce.
Deputy QYM, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yeah.
You know, forget about that, Jacob.
I'll do you a George football.
Yeah, okay.
I bet you will for 15 cents and we'll both pass.
El Paso.
That's a good place for you.
Deputy QYM, hello.
Oh, yes.
I put the shoe monopoly piece in my rectum and the right.
Okay.
Try boardwalking park place in there too, man.
It'll be like a party.
Everybody knows the car, the top hat going there.
Not the shoe.
Oh, I'm sorry.
The top hat.
Why haven't you played monopoly in the year?
It's, yeah, I was okay.
Funny money.
It's kind of like going to woodbying, you know, funny money.
But I sure had a good machine yesterday, man.
Pull me in a really much better mood.
A little bit.
I was arguing, you know something.
I came home, I won 25-hub of the box.
I was still depressed.
But now I feel like a human again.
This is what it took.
This is one of this for me personally is one of the other than financially.
And that's always a pretty profitable.
But other than that, it's one of the most productive days of my life.
And all the years I've done this show because it like, you know,
it's brought me back to life again.
Do you believe me?
Anyone a little over the top with that.
But then again, you know me, I'm always a little over the top.
Who my name is?
Who my talent?
Always.
Here's a long, 20-hub for my 60s.
You a.m.
Do you drugs back in?
Yes.
That's a look.
Back in.
There was a bloo.
Well, this is the best thing to do.
There is a bloo.
There is a bloo.
There is a bloo.
There is a bloo.
There is a bloo.
Takerations of black.
On his cast did I see?
Oh, the moon means that he won't cut any more LPs on this radio.
Oh, the moon.
In Grace Land.
Very next to him.
Gladness and burden.
You weren't feeling quite right.
Then your face turned white.
And more than you.
You turned blue.
Blue, blue, blue, yellow.
Good bye to you.
Well, this is forever.
Here.
Oh, let me go still.
The King of the Reveal.
Every night I met home.
And I'm watching TV.
I have to sit.
All his dumb movies and listen to.
Well, the moon.
Whenever.
It starts to grow.
It's now or never.
But as I watch his flakes.
And I look at all those chicks.
I wish I knew if they blew.
Blue, blue, blue, yellow.
Always once blew, blue, yellow.
Blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue.
147.
And all of this is to I says.
Another email here for my close personal buddy.
And the part of it is for you.
I'm not going to be the right subject because it's too personal.
And not personal.
It's just none of your business.
Okay.
Since tell George, I don't really appreciate some of the comments he made earlier today.
But I appreciate him sort of standing up for me.
Tom, I have a big fat one rolled up for him.
How do you like that?
All right.
How about for me?
You got one rolled up for me.
I like to give people the benefit of the doubt.
But you know, the way that you were painting it.
It's just my last girlfriend I met from my space.
And she was a mess.
I will never date anyone from the internet again.
So Jacob.
Well, there's a little message for you.
Okay.
So let's see.
I get crap from the other guy for giving Jacob the benefit of the doubt.
But at least he can appreciate it.
He said he's got a big family.
He doesn't, you don't care about the rest of the stuff he said about your comments.
He's evidently having a one day, you know, and I had already said to him,
I wasn't going to be furting him on the air again or mentioned him because it's just kind of tacky, you know.
Oh, he said he didn't care about that.
But I just feel uncomfortable with that.
But I guess we made a whole show about it.
And you're on show today, Jacob.
Check his in the mail.
I'm sorry.
George's will.
Why don't you leave him in your will?
Oh, I would have to.
He would have to be embarrassed.
He can have everything I have right now.
Yeah.
Not too much to be embarrassed by.
I just said a big fat one over and he says he'll smoke it right now.
All right.
I'll say a big fat one too.
Have new respect for him or a small slim one will be good.
Here's the facts and I have no idea what this is all.
You know, this today has been, I just didn't even know how to describe it.
Like, sure, really.
He had it from it.
Do you do?
Well, I feel great.
Or from nothing.
Who knows, I just have the headache.
An additional way to come to find out that he's got guests in from out of town.
He hasn't been checking his email.
Well, he sure got a lot of reading.
Reading the catch up.
I'll tell you that, you know, you got a lot of reading catch up on.
I called him everything and the names that haven't been invented yet.
You know, just to try to elicit a response, you know what I mean?
Let's see.
Well, what it's going to take.
What kind of a four letter word?
What kind of a, you know, distilled in work.
But anyway, we got two today during the show no less.
I think he's, I think he's squeezing himself over the fact that so much conversation.
Making a new star suite out, I told you.
The fact says I don't know if the listenership on the online stream is up or down.
It looks fine to me.
There are no dropouts.
But if it is, I sit down.
I know why it says.
Until recently, the online stream went to a commercial break.
Then a couple of weeks ago, they started playing commercials.
This would be fine except that they keep playing the same three commercials over and over on Endless Loop.
Endless Loop.
Remember what I told you we were going to do on the show?
Endless Loop.
Pop, pop, pop.
Yeah, put on Endless Loop and play that four hours.
Although it wouldn't be nearly as intriguing in the exciting as today's show.
I loved it.
Number one, do we hear the same commercials every break?
But sometimes the same commercial multiple times in the same break.
It's bad enough I had to turn on my XM and start listening to the crampy Rod and Fesho.
Are we sure you don't want to have to listen to the crampy Rod and Fesho?
Oh my God.
Now is that the Bennington, right?
Yes.
As opposed to the DS who disappeared.
He took off from the tour together.
He was just.
He was just.
He was just.
And Fes.
Oh my God.
Can you imagine that?
On XM.
But they sure got the big talent on that thing, don't they?
I sure want to pay those in them.
Not.
See, I never really got much into my pile today.
I do want to mention this.
The 7-O travel fleet is buying the hard rock business including its massive collection of rock and roll memorabilia.
And $965 million deal with the British casino and hotel company Rank Group PLC, the Travel Downs Thursday.
The hard rock business includes a hundred and twenty four hard rock cafes, four hard rock hotels, two hard rock hotels, two hard rock level,
correct concert venues, are you read much, and stakes and three on branded hotels.
With it, the travel requires what is said to be the world's largest collective rock memorabilia, some seventy thousand pieces including Jimmy Hendrix's flying five guitar, one of them are down as Boosties, a pair of Houghton Johns, high-heeled shoes, oh man.
Are you even a proper like to wear those?
And guitars formerly owned by Bob Villan, Eric Clapton and Chuck Berry.
This is a proud moment for the Seminole Travel Florida and for all Indian tribes that Mitchell Cypress share the elected travel council.
It is also an opportunity for the Seminole Travel to diversify its business operations and help a very successful company achieve even greater growth.
Cypress and Seminole Gaming Chief Executive, James Allen, said in the statement that the travel would work with current hard rock international management to build on existing growth plans.
And in addition to its two seminal hard rock hotels and casinos, the Seminole Travelings and operates five other casinos in Florida, more than 90% of the travel budget comes from gaming revenue.
Nearly thirty three hundred similar engines of honor offers, reservations throughout the state.
Rank said it would keep the hard rock casino in London but on the rank gaming brand, he said it's really rank.
You know the hard rock in Vegas, I don't know, I've just not, I've never gone in there, it's just not a place I would go in.
I guess I'm just not a hard rock kind of guy.
Josh was there.
I've been there.
Well I'm sure you have because you're a drunk.
So you use everywhere.
What do you mean I go everywhere in Vegas?
I try to go in each place.
Unless you've got ideas here, I like that.
Now you rent a car when you go there, I hope absolutely not.
Yeah, absolutely not.
Not, no.
How do you go to the hard rock cafe?
Where do you stay?
I usually, I like to stay right on the strip.
Right.
All the Vegas Boulevard.
Well that's a long slip to the hard rock cafe.
That's a harming avenue.
Am I right?
I don't know the name of the...
I know my Vegas baby.
I haven't been there in a while but I know my Vegas and I know that my good luck is when I get off the wrong door.
You know what I'm going to do?
I'm going to have my good friends Jacob take me out to Vegas.
Forget about your oxygen.
I'm going to get up on that rock out there.
I forget the name of that canyon.
He told me it was the red something canyon.
And I'm going to get on the rock, have a picture taken me and put it on my space or on our website.
Can you see me squatting on it?
Yeah.
You can't get no less.
You got a big viewership.
Now you got to admit that, that'll get a big viewership.
How are we going to do that?
I think on our homepage by the way.
Is that doing any better?
What's that?
The one that Josh spent hours or were a new...
Oh, the Elfing himself.
Or Effing himself.
I think I've done it last couple of days.
I think everything is straightened out now.
And that good.
See this show was like therapy today.
This was like Oprah was more like Dr. Phil without the phoniness.
This was all sincere and real.
You know what I'm saying?
That isn't coming up.
I think there's something wrong with it.
You better check with Eric.
Because if there's something wrong with that, people are going to be missing out.
The link isn't clicking.
I'm clicking it and it ain't doing it.
But we do that.
You're clicking on it.
Nothing happened.
Mr. inpatient.
No, you clicked the link and nothing happens.
You can see that nothing is going to happen.
God, you are, you know, Jacob's right about you.
Nothing I want to take his side against you.
But nevertheless, if I had to choose.
Well, you're in patients with low Queen haddies.
I'm telling you again, it doesn't do anything.
I'm clicking on the link.
I'm clicking on it.
I'm banging on it.
Here we go.
It's right above Brady Quinn.
You think I'm going to mess with that?
Okay.
I clicked on it.
And it's like it went about three quarters of the way over.
You know, a little blue thing at the bottom.
Whatever they call it.
The loading bar.
The loading bar.
The loading bar.
I loaded it and it ain't shooting nothing out.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
Look at this, this real Rochester.
It's day high.
If I have any talent.
The best food.
We have five, six, oh.
WQ.
What every day of our life, if we are worthy to win.
Who ate?
New from outbursts.
Just in time for the holidays.
Is the talking Kramer doll.
Now you can own a piece of TV history with the once beloved character from Seinfeld.
Kramer.
I don't know what the fuck.
I just pulled a rip cord and listen as Kramer speaks on a variety of subjects like racism.
I definitely endorsed the clan.
Hobbies.
Oh, I really enjoy burning crosses.
Religion.
Jerry Seinfeld's Jewish.
The talking Kramer doll.
Just 39.95.
Available from outburst products.
First, me now.
But only if you're white.
Bye, bye, bye.
