The thing I've seen in 30 years.
So I figured that the crossover is longer than your show today.
Alright, that's my idea.
I love those kings, baby.
How to go Wednesday?
100 Waco wins.
Oh, the dentist.
That's right, you weren't there yesterday.
It was painless, I got a great dentist.
He's fantastic.
Even when I give you the anesthetic and I give you that long needle, you know.
Yeah.
Usually it pinches.
They hold your lip and they kind of shake it.
He didn't do any of that nor did I feel anything.
There was no pain.
The only thing is I had my head, I was laying in the prone position for an hour and 20 minutes with my mouth jammed wide open.
They put that red rubber ball in your mouth like the one that Joyce's got stuck in her mouth during those SNM sessions.
And that's the only thing you keep thinking to yourself.
This will end sometime, won't it?
You know, but the guy did a phenomenal job.
Man.
And then I found out afterward because he's got like the first part is the drilling with like the small drill, you know.
And then they get out the pneumatic drill and they're like, and your whole head is like vibrating.
And then I realized they stick pins in there.
You know, like when the tooth is gone, they get rid of the shell of it and they stick little pins.
They stick them up into your gum and then they build the tooth around it.
You know that?
No.
Oh, the stuff they can do now is amazing.
All you people out there that are terrified of the dentist don't be anymore.
If you get a good dentist, it's painless now.
I have no pain.
My root canal guy, no pain lane.
Yeah, he's terrific.
Seek him to night train lane?
No.
How about Lois lane?
No.
Or Diane lane.
Oh.
I wish all the Marlins rights fees very rights about your buddy, very if they're hailed, which show we hate very jackass like poison and the newspaper.
Although, you know, Miguel sent me the thing that he did on me, that piece they did on my 30th anniversary.
That was pretty nice.
Thanks Kevin, back to your thanks to the photographer lady.
That was good.
Yeah.
That was really nice piece for a change as opposed to the dual hatchet show.
And sure a lot nicer than your buddy Tom Dickad did, which was nothing, just shine me, you know.
That's okay Tom.
We understand what it's all about.
Just a petty little puss.
And your buddy, Sarny, that old turd, he doesn't write anything about.
Oh, 760 in Palm Beach is going to be having Joe Girardi on.
Wow, what we do, you know.
Anyway, so very jackass, I'm sure you read this about the fire sale by the Marlins and about the QM asking for a rights fee reduction.
But the Marlins have bought, we're paying three and a half million a year for the rights for the Marlins.
Yeah, I thought it was three, but that's okay.
Well, very says three and a half and you'll think you know.
Yeah.
And general manager Joe Bell declined to discuss the rights fees. He said it's too early to tell how the station's ad revenue will be affected.
But my guess is there'll be some impact he said if they put like a little league team out there.
You know, there's seven and only seven one and one in exhibitions.
No, that means a lot.
I'll tell you one thing about four seconds of hockey talk.
The Panther Shocked the Craft Potty.
I mean, man, it was a great move.
Yep.
A ballsy move they put out the books to recite Oli-Okanah.
I agree.
The only problem is now they got to have a team to play around them.
Yeah, I mean, that would be good.
But at least they've made a mistake.
They've made a mistake.
Now if they'd stopped lying about the attendance, you know, Wednesday night they kicked out of his ass right there in the arena, which is unusual.
A lot was damn good.
But there was nobody there.
I watched parts of that on TV.
I mean, nobody there.
And they put down 15,192 for the attendance.
Is it the paper yesterday?
Come on.
Get serious.
Your buddy Alan Cohn, man, you know, they say about figures lie or lies.
Is there something I've been able to do with that?
Huh?
He doesn't bother with that stuff.
You get out of here.
He doesn't.
Well, whoever the hell is doing it, he's not fooling anybody.
I'm sure they're making a lot of money for those empty seats.
Plus, of course, all those freebies they keep giving away.
If you had any idea as a seasoned ticket holder, how many emails I keep getting from them and things in the mail,
oh, if you just, well, renew right now, we'll give you like 40 free tickets again.
And we'll give you like, you know, a date with Enrique Glacier.
So whatever you want, you know, come on.
Oh, wait.
We wouldn't go to see that garbage if you paid me.
Of course, my team really did a good extra thing.
Nothing.
They got old Luke Richardson and all the hack.
They got rid of one old hack and they got another one.
They did nothing.
Just amazing.
See, when you have a franchise in the city that's going to fill the place every game in a matter of what you do,
and you have standing remote at every game, it doesn't make any difference and they can get away with that.
So the teachers union here that owns the team, all they care about is the bottom line.
Everyone by the teachers union up there?
Yes.
That's correct.
Maple Leaf Sports Entertainment, which also, of course, owns the Arcana design.
But they don't teach us pretty well.
The Raptors, you know, now I don't think they pay them all that well.
It's where I always go on strike here.
And a good day at Woodbine yesterday.
I had a very funny experience.
Yeah.
It was a bitch.
I hate to use that term, but she was there that they be.
She's always there now.
She wants up front the Wheel of Fortune to tie up the first two machines.
Number one and number two.
I'd like to do a number one and a number two right on her head.
Anyway, so she's there going there yesterday and there she is.
Got one and two.
So I go down.
There's finally a machine open number five.
I can start putting a hundred bucks just to me.
Oh, no, I'm going to get off number one.
I know you like this machine.
You can have it.
My favorite machine, because I'm a massacre.
It's like she is.
And she's losing her ass on both machines.
She's losing and losing.
Oh, I put eight hundred in that one and I put another five hundred to me anyway.
And that's why she's given it to me because it's dead as a door now, you know.
So I sit down.
I put a couple hundred bucks in and that machine was as cold man as a block of ice.
Nothing.
Maybe a cherry, you know.
Then I put the third hundred and boom.
There's four hundred on the line.
Well, all of a sudden this very friendly phony lady.
Oh, my God.
You see that?
And she's talking to whoever sitting to her right, which kept changing.
You know, people would come and go and no matter who was sitting there.
Oh, look at how lucky he is.
I got four hundred three times on the line.
I got three spends for two fifty.
And every time I get something, she was having a nervous breakdown.
Oh, my God.
Oh, you're so lucky.
Make a long story short.
I had a pretty good day.
I won a few bucks and she left before I did and lost her ass to which I say,
yeah, self is nasty, hateful bitch.
Hey, like you'll hit something and there's these old people there.
These old Russian women, especially.
And if you hit something, you're sitting waiting to get paid a jackpot like two grand or whatever.
Oh, you're so lucky.
You're so lucky.
In the meantime, even losing, you know, pouring your ass through that place for months now.
Oh, you're so lucky.
And you just want to get up and push them right in the mouth.
Meanwhile, remember the other day you were talking about the slots down here and when they're going to happen.
Yeah, I thought you were lying.
What's going on with the Indian casino?
The Indian powwow.
How deep would they do with that latest Indian deal?
There was a...
There was a...
There was a story the next day in the sunset all about...
I'm sure with no coincidence.
No, it was about...
Or maybe it was that day and I hadn't seen it yet.
But it was about how the Indians have applied.
But there's...
I guess Broward County has been stalling getting or had for some whatever reason.
This hasn't gotten around and dealing with this and that's what is holding it up.
What is dealing with what?
What does Broward County have to do with the Indians?
That's where they are.
No, no, no, it's got nothing to do with it.
But the state...
It's the state that regulates it.
I know, but Broward has to do something.
I forget what it was.
I don't remember all the details of the story.
Yeah, but they said that that's the hang-up right now for all of it.
Well, good.
So I hope the paramutrials read them to the punch on this.
Who the hell wants to give the Indians the money?
When you much rather give it to the paramutrials, they need it.
They can't even sell those cancer sticks like the Indians are doing.
Very unfortunate.
Like everything else that happens in Florida, not fast, not slow, just half fast.
Yep.
Pathetic.
So I find out that the Cains were down 13 points at one point in the first half yesterday.
Well, that's a good thing I didn't know about that.
No, I'm not there.
I would buy it in Georgia where somebody there was supposed to email me with a score.
So I would at least know what I had prepared to do a four-hour show to there.
Just another hour and a half.
And nobody has sent me the message.
So see you really need to get a blackberry.
I know you're very anti-internet and all that stuff, but you'd love it.
Being the plunger that you are, you can go online and get all the scores of every game.
Oh, I get the scores on my phone.
Oh, on your phone, okay.
Yeah.
So that's what I did.
I went on the internet and I checked your favorite newspaper.
I checked the Harold website and there was the final score.
A 66 for Miami and Clemson 63.
And I said, yeah, now we're talking.
The only problem with these hour and a half shows is, boy, you could be used to this real easy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm sure.
Oh, yeah, hour and a half.
I think that's about right.
I can't get a couple of those following a late baseball game.
Don't you think that's the way it ought to be?
Four hours, three hours, too long.
Hour and a half man could be dynamite every day.
I like it.
And then I looked at the schedule next week and Wednesday at 12.50.
It's another Marlon game.
Oh, love those.
Canes and Os Marlins.
Please don't leave Marlins.
Please don't go.
Yeah, that story about them going to San Antonio or what?
Yeah, I know.
The joke.
Well, but it's the same thing every time.
It's always the same.
And we go through all of these.
Like I said yesterday, quit threatening to leave already.
If you're going to leave, bye-bye.
Have a great life.
We'll pack you a couple of subs and we just get out of here already.
I don't think there's a chance they can go there.
No.
First of all, all of a sudden the price of a wallpark is 300 million.
Not only that, but the voters aren't going to approve it in San Antonio or what?
I don't know any of that.
They're going to win.
And they're going to insist on local partnership.
And they're the 38th ranked market in the country.
Like I said yesterday, about the Skydome.
I was coming home from a woodbine in the cab driver.
It was telling me about the city.
I guess the city.
The taxpayers paid the bill on it in the first place.
Yeah.
I forget how many hundred millions of cars to build a Skydome and then turn it into a white elephant.
And they couldn't give it away.
So finally, Rogers Cable bought it for $25 million.
So when you parlay something that the taxpayers have spent hundreds of millions into a $25 million boom dial.
And then you name it the Rogers Center.
I mean, as much as I appreciate.
Yeah.
Why couldn't they just call it the Rogers Skydome?
That's one of the best names of a building anywhere in the world, the Skydome, right?
Yeah.
Rogers Center, my ass.
God.
You know what I mean?
That's where it's at.
The stadium in Washington, I was going to talk about.
I was going to, they budgeted it $600 million.
Right.
I think that's what it cost to build a Skydome with $600 million.
San Francisco, which was built five years ago with a ballpark there without a roof, cost $400 million.
Yeah.
So how can they build a roof for $300 million?
They can't.
And it's very important.
Anyway, between the writer, of course, says, well, they say, real construction costs are less in Texas.
Yeah.
That much less?
Sure.
They bring in all their cheap help from across the border.
In fact, Bush has built a special tunnel.
You know how they keep showing all these tunnels they got a special tunnel in there to bring it all to the league of the great pickers from Mexico.
Well, it's time for you to go.
Oh, it's been a long time ago since it's all the time.
But we don't have time to mess around today.
What are you laughing about?
You.
You got the life today.
I do have the life.
Make no mistake about it.
I would never deny that.
Got to talk real fast today.
Well, it's not a great day.
You're doing a good weekend.
Great weekend in the happy forum and the happy St. Paddy's day.
Best to you too.
All of these things.
All of these things.
See it.
Top of the cheek and how we see the past fires so good.
He's jumping right in front of the rim.
Why don't he quickly hit Robby?
Rising and slam dunk with the left hand.
A monster slam.
A one handed.
Left hand slam by Rob Heights.
Tonight on the Islamic cartoon network, it's Elmer Fudge of Mentally.
Very, very quiet.
I'm issuing a far-tower.
Now, you've seen J. Z.
Perform on the Grammys with Paul McCartney.
Get straight on yesterday.
And now, the whole becomes out of retirement.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
To do it with all the legend.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
J. Z.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
You've never heard more beautiful to Weston D.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
J. Z.
Do wedding with the legend.
Yeah, why is hot, y'all?
Well, all due respect to my good friend, Steven Tyler.
Have you noticed that over the years, he's looking more and more like a woman?
Over the years?
Yeah, more and more.
I'm not saying he never goes into first place, but more and more like a woman.
No, I hadn't noticed it.
No lady with big loose lips.
I just...
Oh, there's an empty tent.
Oh, interrupt now.
Sorry, I'm going to have to ask you around.
Okay.
Man, we got a like a fool steam ahead.
Love those canes, man.
Oh, god, they came through in fine four minutes today.
They will get their ass kicked today by the Humper's team Duke.
Love them, uh, 30.
We got the Hurricane Warmup and we got UM in Duke from the ACC tournament in the Greensboro,
North Carolina.
Why do I always want to say South Carolina?
I don't know.
And nothing could be fired than the State of Carolina.
UM, a duke at noon, and so we'll be out here at 11.30, to which we say,
All right.
If you're starving for a really great meal at a really tiny price,
John, the Baker is the place for you two locations on Pine's Boulevard in the Home Depot,
Center, just West of Flamingo, or the brand new John the Baker,
at the Sterling Town Center, Sterling and Pine Island in prestigious Cooper City.
All kinds of fantastic Italian homemade goodies, everything is fresh and delicious.
They give you big fat portions at teeny tiny prices.
Sausage and peppers, chicken parmesan, baked ziti lasagna, zidians, the things to choose from,
and don't forget John the Baker's world famous garlic rolls,
just juicy and dripping with garlic in as big as your head.
And, George and Josh should try to about everything on a menu from that fantastic,
sloppy sausage sub to get all spaghetti and meat balls,
and they are rave about them all and you will too.
And don't forget, some of the best pizza you've ever had as well.
Bring the whole family or call a head for takeout,
and Pembroke Pines called John the Baker at 954-431-43515,
or a Cooper City at 954-252-0091.
Always like I said, huge portions and always the best and freshest Italian food in town.
It doesn't get no better than John the Baker.
This is the new Roger's.
This is 5.62-8.
Take off those checkered pants.
What the hell did we do?
Do keep this wider we are hanging.
That's who George is.
Oh, she's a boolean.
Oh, she's a boolean.
Give it a good stir right to do it.
Oh, she's a boolean.
Oh, she's a boolean.
A precious boolean.
Sears on us, I believe,
through a home to where he is.
Stop, we don't dispatch it.
But she must not say.
Oh, she's a boolean.
Oh, she's a boolean.
I hope you believe you.
Throw away your weight, baby.
Oh, she's a boolean.
A precious boolean.
What you have, what you have, what you have, what you have, what you have.
Oh, she's a boolean.
Oh, she's a boolean.
That's great of a lot of people.
It's a 10-18.
That's great.
That's great.
Mass graves of a lot of people.
That's exactly what he specializes in.
Doing a heck of a job.
What college university despised the most?
That was our poor yesterday.
We love hurricanes now.
God, we love it.
1588 votes.
Notre Dame 364.
Was there any doubt about it?
No.
This spies Notre Dame.
Touchdown Jesus, my ass.
5 Jones University 224.
It's a good thing you came up with that.
Yeah.
I would have had something to vote for that.
University of Miami 202.
They probably would have done better, but winning that game for us yesterday.
They made people a little bit more Gentile toward them.
Gators UF 172, Gatorhater.
So UFM did better than Gators or FSU, which was next with 125.
I hate this poll 117.
Always does well.
None 95.
Don't hate anybody.
Well, boring.
Oral Roberts 73.
Ohio State 63.
Liberty of Baptist College 34.
Jerry Falball.
Yale 24.
Michigan 20.
Oh.
Harvard 18.
Duke 14.
Texas 13.
USC 11.
Michigan State only 7.
What's not to like?
UCLA 6 and Penn State only 6.
I would have thought Penn State would have done better just because of Joe Pa and those crappy uniform.
Well, can you think?
Yeah.
I mean, my only one that hates him like poison thinks that he's just a cranky old man who's way out of control.
I mean, I don't hate him, but he's definitely a cranky old man who's at a control.
Well, at least just like him a little bit.
Anyway, how about that port steal?
All right.
And George now has become a, I think you're involved in new religion now.
Right.
The Dobsian religion.
Lou does.
I turned out to Lou Dobson.
Now George doesn't miss it every night.
Got to bid.
So the thing is, you don't realize the transformation that took place on that.
I don't know him for anybody.
A lightning bolt came from up above and something turned this formerly administration-looking jackass,
who was just another toad on the TV, into like a hell razor.
You know, the Arab Emirates own DP World, say, yesterday it would transfer its operations of American ports to a US entity.
After congressional leaders reportedly told your president that the firms take over, you know, was essentially dead.
I'm Capitol Hill.
Do, do, because of the strong relationship between the United Arab Emirates and the United States had to preserve that relationship,
DP World will transfer fully the US operations of PNO or that P.U.
PNO operations are with America to a United States entity, Edward Bilky, the P. World's the Chief Operating Officer of the Senate statement.
The announcement didn't specify, though, which US company would be involved.
So before we get too excited, there are people like, yeah, hold on a second.
Okay, that's enough.
Oh, that was special.
Before we get too carried away, but at least some good was accomplished.
Finally, we want the era of the CCADO stop now.
Howard Bil will be proud.
And Josh is saying, Howard Bil, who's that?
Here's today's poll, and we need a lot of help on this.
Although, I don't know, maybe they don't have any.
A TV show pastor present that you love will never admit to it.
What do we got so far? Already 470 votes. It's kind of weak.
He haused 64. I hate this poll.
We'll be number one in 47. I forgot about that.
Had George at it this morning already is zooming up there.
They hate everything. Everything everybody.
This is South Florida, F and away.
BAM!
Batman, 38.
It's about Bil. Let's go.
Okay.
Andy Griffiths, 036.
Flipper, 34.
Well, I'd be ashamed to be a bit of an active.
You've enjoyed Joe.
But I voted for it.
But he watches for different reasons than I do.
Hey, Luke. Is that a flu?
Say, call him triple, triple.
Breedy, bunch 33.
Any soap opera 28 like guiding light?
Boy, they screw that thing up.
Of the real world, 26.
Gomer's piles, 26.
You think Gomer has piles?
Probably no.
Partridge family, 19.
Desperate housewives, 18.
That's the one with Miguel on it.
Yeah.
Quiris folk, 13.
Joe, millionaire, 12.
Party of five, nine.
Speaking of...
Speaking of gay.
What the hell was that kid's name?
Scott Wolfe.
Was that it?
Gaskin' me.
Party of five, that's screamer.
Dr. Phil9, Twin Peaks 8, LN8, Oprah 7, dark shadow 6
with Barnabas shorts, whatever his name was.
Remember that?
No.
Yeah, you do.
You admitted he watched that show and it...
I didn't make it through once.
Well, all I remember about his name was Barnabas.
Are you hot, 6?
That was a good show and they took it off.
I have no idea why.
Lorenzo.
So what's that guy to do with it?
He was using the laser and that was a copy of what Howard was doing
and Howard was threatening to sue them.
And the networks that audit it worth it
doesn't have that good ratings anyway and they just dropped it.
But they had some pretty hot people on there.
Yeah, they did.
Well, I'm on it back.
The apprentice 6, the Arrhyde Factor 5, wrote rules for.
Speaking of shows, there was some pretty hot people on it
and making the band for and the read across, be sure, only four.
Well, that's not because people are ashamed to admit it does
because nobody would watch it.
When you think?
Right.
That's what I'm thinking right now.
Yeah, let's have another lost co-ed.
They're there.
Oh, I just keep doing what I want to talk about it.
14,495 for a band and pet rescue.
That's a pretty weak total of yes, me.
Yesterday we came up with 100 bucks at that fandom location
and we got two more ones for you today.
Let's look at the scheduler.
Curtis 2-4, mad dog at Coneines, Grille, 4-7.
Panther, PV with 7 o'clock.
Nice going every side and Oli-Yokin and man,
they find that it's something that's with some balls.
Now you just need a few more guys like 10.
Panther's in Carolina, Hurricanes 7-30 tonight
and it decay after the hockey game.
Any interest in that NHL draft?
Oh.
So 4-7 during the mad dog show Josh Cortis will be there at Coneines.
Grille 51-81 Sheridan Street in Hollywood
and he promises to raise for at least 100 bucks.
No.
Yeah, sure.
I brought it.
If I would have said 500 or something would have been ridiculous,
100 bucks you can do that.
I hope so.
If I had a red bandage up for a few bucks, he can afford it.
Believe me.
And tomorrow from 3-5, even on a Saturday,
little George has to work because he's got mouth to feed.
Oh, yeah.
Dick was.
And he's got that.
Well, George had often stayed in for the Maroonie auto 10 sale 3-5.
And of course, the CDs and commemorative T-shirts 20 bucks a piece
have benefited band and pair of asking for a lot of deal.
And Miguel sent me a nice package yesterday.
Wasn't the one I was hoping for, but it was okay.
And had the T-shirt in it and the CD and also that hero article
like I told the hamper, that was nice piece.
Thanks Kevin Baxter and the photographer lady.
I wish I knew her name, which I don't, but she was very nice.
So for once in my life, the hero treats me with respect, you know?
Although Ellie Brecker did a nice piece too on the 25th, I believe.
Remember that?
Go to Ellie.
Sure.
Oh, he's me, Brecker.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello, I was on the prairie.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
NHL drafts today.
I beg your pardon?
Are they NHL drafts?
Through the papers you're going to get in the 700th round.
Oh, stay tuned, you'll find out.
The oldie will tell you.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
And that guy there guys making a joke about the NHL draft,
which was yesterday and more on, but the NFL drafts is like a,
it's not a show on this station or I'm sure across the street.
It's like a digital show.
It's a disease, it's a mental illness.
It's a sentence.
And we have to have B-No on there and we have to have all the other mavenes,
the experts, prognosticating and proliferating the airwaves with their swill.
But I'm going to put them up and that's 10-year-old kid in Oklahoma, man.
He's going to be a number one quarterback and he's going to get drafted in the first round by, yeah, right.
But so you may call it all you wanted, the NHL draft, which was overkill and here,
like you wouldn't believe yesterday.
I mean, just like I'm disease, but an American disease is the NFL draft.
It's a disease.
It's a figure of disease.
It's in the supplemental.
26 past 10 at 560 WQM.
Beach Ford has gone mad.
They don't have a disease, but it's madness in March all this month at Beach Ford.
They just missed breaking their all-time record last month,
so they're going to do it this month and why not?
What's not to like?
Because right now extended camp Ford 150s, there was lowest 249 bucks a month,
would 995 bucks down?
Let me start over again.
Okay.
What?
Why do you think what I said?
Yeah, I did.
That was great.
Beach Ford has gone mad.
Well, that's what I'd like to do at times.
It's madness in March all this month at Beach Ford.
They just missed breaking their record last month and they're going to break it this month.
Right now extended camp Ford 150s.
Let's see if I can do it again.
Our lowest 249 bucks a month, with 995 bucks down plus fees for the pro-quredit and a 39-month lease.
First of all, I didn't say bucks.
Sorry.
Magnus in March at Beach Ford means you must be mad if you don't take advantage of rebates and discounts
of up to 10 grand and all new and used vehicles if you're not in the market for a new car,
but know somebody who is send their action to Beach Ford.
Because if they take delivery and March Beach Ford will send you $200 in cash.
And that money comes from the advertising budget.
They won't check up the price $200 for your friend and screw him.
Don't miss out on this one of your event.
Beach Ford's madness in March extended camp Ford 150s low as 249 bucks a month,
discounts and rebates up to $10,000 and $200 in cash just for sending via friend.
Hurray and Beach Ford is just two miles east of the Golden Glades on 163rd Street, West Exit Highway.
You'll love your Beach Ford experience.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 560 QA.
Oh my god.
Were you grudged back in?
Don't let it dump, don't let it dump, don't let it dump,
the why why why did I die?
I die part of the city card.
Turn the door, turn the door, turn the door.
Turn the door, turn the door, turn the door, turn the door.
Turn the door, turn the door, turn the door, turn the door.
Turn the door, turn the door, turn the door.
Turn the door, turn the door, turn the door.
Turn the door, turn the door, turn the door.
Turn the door, turn the door, turn the door.
Turn the door, turn the door, turn the door.
Turn the door, turn the door, turn the door.
Turn the door, turn the door, turn the door.
Turn the door, turn the door, turn the door.
Turn the door, turn the door, turn the door.
Turn the door, turn the door, turn the door.
Turn the door, turn the door, turn 물어� chants.
Sept 20th Generalwoman His Exhausted New Report
his mouth with a speech defect on top of it.
And loudly.
A new report advanced to raw story yesterday
suggested Chris Matthews, the star of MSNBC's daily talk
of Tured Hardball, has accepted healthy speaking fees
from an array of conservative trade associations.
Seeks try so hard like present himself
as a moderate like that fat-faced pasty Irishman Tim
Russell on eat the press.
And the fact of him is that they both
have been bought and paid for by the right wing.
Matthews is given speeches to release
10 major conservative trade associations since 2001.
The reports author Dave Johnson, who blogs at seeing the forest
and is now a fellow with a progressive commonwealth institute,
could find no records indicating that Matthews had ever spoken
before any democratic leading organizations.
The report is not a product of the commonwealth institute.
Why is Matthews speaking at so many events
with a public and associated trade organization,
Johnson asked, what is NBC policy on speaking engagements?
And why does NBC keep it hidden?
Are these trade associations paying
Matthews to purchase influence?
Matthews is listed as speaking bureau
in order to command healthy fees,
while it can't be proven
where the Matthews has taken money from the groups.
Speaking fees are a regular practice for large trade organizations
who invite big name media stars to speak to their memberships.
Such fees typically run on the five-figure range
and occasionally exceed $50,000 per engagement.
And then the stories on our website,
and you can click on the link and show the whole report.
And all these people that are buying and paying
for a talk out of the side of his mouth, Chris Matthews,
Jack Asks.
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how's the weather in Toronto towards the end of April?
Does that going to be up that area?
Ah, Cloudy and Murphy.
WDQYM, hello.
Well.
Yes.
QYM, weather central.
Hello.
QYM.
Yeah, this is Jeff and Miami.
I speak to Neil.
Okay.
Let's go to Jeff and Miami.
Hello.
Hello, this is Jeff.
Hello, Jeff.
Yes, it is.
What do you got?
Hey, I just want to speak to him real quick
about the forecast.
About what?
About the forecast.
I went through the tricky word.
But they went in the trash can.
WDQYM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Fine, you missed that show.
I'm too hot.
I was on a runner up on that show.
Very hot.
Yeah.
WDQYM, that's why it's off to you here.
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Now, one, thanks for your recommendation
of American History Up.
So watch that last night.
Absolutely.
Really good movie.
Yeah, that's a great fantastic.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome.
Thank you.
5.6.7, I guess nobody's going to add to this pool.
And if that's the case, it's fine with me,
because we only got like 55 minutes.
That's right.
A TV show past your present that you loved
but would never admit it.
I guess they just don't want to admit it.
Somebody might recognize their voice.
WDQYM, hello.
Can I sniff your car, Neil?
Cool.
WDQYM, hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Goodbye, do bye.
WDQYM, hello.
Marie, go.
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how about the old, golden girls?
Got to start getting to you with a riot, man.
OK, golden girls, that's a good one.
Who the hell would watch that?
Only some old gay toad.
Wouldn't you think?
Indeed, the old and the old.
So there you go.
Now we think about 20, and there was one here
actually had a suggestion.
So that's not bad.
There's a little lesson for it.
How to do this.
Take about 6,000 calls, and you'll get, I would say,
about 30 minutes.
That actually makes some sense.
And then the other ones are very amusing and entertaining,
they think.
Underline net part, they think.
Oh, yeah, you're a wee-aw-patter.
WDQYM, hello.
It's all as good as Sid Rosenstein calling up Ronnie Bennington.
Yes, sir.
How about the Walton?
They can't say I love this, but I like watching that, too.
For what?
Wouldn't you like John Boy?
The Walton.
I don't know.
Just for this whole, uh, whole ambiance here.
It was real, real heinous, as they are going to say heinous.
OK, the Walton's is good.
We'll put it up.
John Boy, I forgot that thing.
Richard Thomas was, that is me.
That's right.
No, it's still there, and it's getting bigger every day.
Got that big mole of the size of a baseball.
Got it's on zip code now.
WDQYM, it's on zip.
Yeah, huh.
He needs to be shot.
I want you to take care of this over the weekend.
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing today?
OK.
Hey, do you still have that beautiful Samsung, uh, DLBHV TV?
Yes, I do.
What's your service that you're using, your HD service?
A bigger pardon?
What's your HD service you're using?
You're using direct TV?
What are you using?
It comes from my cable, my digital cable.
Well, you got like Comcast, something like that.
Something like that, yeah.
Oh, how many channels you got?
About 50.
HD?
50?
No, I think 25.
About 25.
About 30, I think.
About 30, man.
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, get that man down the homestead now.
I guess he doesn't have Roger's digital cable like I do, so he's missing out.
WDQYM, hello.
Chilton, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Uh, time tunnel.
Great show.
The time tunnel.
Uh-huh.
Would James Dieren?
There you go.
OK, thanks.
Remember that show?
That was 100 years ago, but this guy must be old like me.
Why is that embarrassing?
That was a good show.
Well, I mean, cheesy, but what was good about it?
Yeah, it was good because it was cheesy.
It was great.
Let's all go to camp.
I know somebody like to set us all to camp relatively early in my presence.
Yeah.
Oh, oh, oh.
And speaking of Bozo, Bush's approval ratings fall to a new low.
Just when you can't think that when you think they can't get no lower, how low can
they go?
No.
More and more people, especially Republicans, disapprove of a, uh, Bush, myster's performance,
question his character and no longer consider him a strong leader against terrorism, according
to the brand new AP Ipsos poll documenting one of the bleakest points of his own presidency.
That get a weapon of mass destruction.
No, he sure is.
Nearly four out of five Americans, including 70% of Republicans believe civil war will
break out in Iraq if it hasn't already.
The bloody hotspot upon which Bush has taken his presidency.
Nearly 70% of all people in the U.S. say the U.S. is on the wrong track.
A six point jumps in just last month.
70% nearly say we're on the wrong track.
We're at Belmont.
We should be at Aqueduct.
Belmont's closed right now.
I'm not happy with how to amward.
Hazel Park, we should be at Northville, watching Brad Cramer and his town routine.
I'm not happy with how things are going.
Said Margaret Campanelia, a referee in Norwich, Connecticut, Norwich, who said she tends
to vote Republican.
I'm especially not happy with Iraq, not happy with how things work with Katrina.
Republican Party leader said the survey explains why GOP lawmakers are rushing to distance
themselves from Bush on a range of issues, for security that good-by-do-by deal, immigration,
spending, warrantless eavesdropping, and trade.
For example, all of these things.
The positioning is most intense among Republicans facing election this November.
What a surprise.
And those considering presidential campaigns in 2008, even the obnoxious ultra-right wing
fanatic maniac, Senator Sam Brown back of Kansas, a potential presidential candidate
God forbid says, you're in the position of this cycle now that is difficult anyway,
and second off to your term elections, there gets to be this familiarity factor.
You have to admit you were familiar with it, and we're familiar with you too, San,
go away.
You fascist.
The polls suggest that most Americans wonder whether Bush is up to the job.
The survey conducted Monday through Wednesday of this week of a thousand people found that
just 37% of his overall performance sets the lowest of his presidency in this particular
poll.
I think the lowest number we've seen all together last week was like 34.
Am I correct?
Yes, right.
Bush's job of provowating among Republicans plummeted from 82% in February to 74%.
A dangerous sign in the midterm election year when parties rely on enthusiasm from their
most loyal voters, the biggest losses were among white males.
Well, good.
It's about time they started catching on.
By a 47 to 36 margin, people favor Democrats over Republicans when asked who should control
Congress.
There you go.
Those wonderful, spineless Democrats.
They're really doing it, baby.
Not.
Speaking of doing it, let's get with that band of pet rescue campaign.
We're going to, because if we can raise some serious cash for them, then I'll take that
story that you were telling me.
All right.
These Neil Rogers.
This.
We're going to have something to do with them.
We're going to be going to shiny.
Yeah.
That shows real girls crushing their goods during spring break week in Florida.
What about the hotties?
Who spent the whole year in Florida?
Now they've got their own video.
It's Golden Girls Gone Wild.
Who's here?
Why it's all your favorite golden.
Golden Girls, Dorothy Rose, Bletch and they always said, I'm just so pleased.
I share the treatment with them that I trashed.
Well, you won't have to think because Golden Girls Gone Wild is two full hours of these
ravenous retirees going loads of rickless cans.
I am the most attractive and available woman in all of my am.
Golden Girls Gone Wild.
These hotties, what hot flashes are going topless every chance they get.
Except when they're always ready to slay us.
Yeah, I'm going to be even open my grounds again.
It doesn't get any sexier than this.
But they'll take our word for it.
Listen to what the golden girls are saying about each other.
She looks like they've been going to Golden Girls Gone Wild.
What's it just one time and you'll agree?
That's a dark day in the history of mankind.
Golden Girls Gone Wild.
Golden.
M46 at 560 W.Q.
I got a great column again by Doug Thompson, Capitol Hill Blue, going for a nurse in a minute.
All right.
The first, the chief of an Indian tribe represented by the lobbyist at Cape Rommoth was admitted
to a meeting with President Bush in 2001.
Just days after the tribe paid a prominent conservative lobbying group $25,000 at Mr.
Abramoth's direction, according to documents and interviews.
The payment was made to Americans for tax reform a group run by Grover Norquist, one of
the Republican Party's most influential policy strategist.
Mr. Norquist was a credit long time associate at Mr. Abramoth.
Mr. Norquist attended the meeting along with Mr. Abramoth and the tribal leader, Raul Garza
of the Kikapoo, traditional tribal Texas.
They got great joy, Jews.
Oh, yeah.
It is not clear what role if any Mr. Norquist played in getting chief Garza into the meeting,
and there's no suggestion that the White House was aware of the $25,000 payment right.
But the transaction adds new details to what is known about Mr. Abramoth and how he used
his links to well-connected conservatives to establish himself among his lobbying clients
as having access to the highest levels of power in Washington.
Mr. Abramoth has pleaded guilty and we know.
This is just a teeny tiny little tip of the iceberg, man.
It's going to be like the polar ice caps melting and just flooding the entire globe before
that actually happens in a couple of weeks.
Oh, that's over.
Right.
Doug Thompson says we don't burn our sources.
One of the questions frequently raised by critics of this website is how can you guys
have sources of the mainstream media doesn't have?
Good question.
We often quote confidential sources on our stories.
We have a choice of depending on such sources or not publish human story.
If I'm satisfied the sources of the record, I go with a story.
It's a question of trust.
And during my 23 years in Washington is both a journalist and a political operative.
I built up an network of sources I trust and who trust me to protect their identity
and not put them in harm's way.
More than 40 years in journalism taught me to protect such sources at all cost.
Many of those same sources don't trust the so-called mainstream media outlets because
they've been burned by journalists who put the story ahead of protecting those who provide
them with the information.
Even worse, the mainstreamers can be downright sloppy when it comes to protecting those
who have such information.
On Monday I outlined how the Bush administration has launched an all-out war on the press,
directing Attorney General Alberto Vio-5 Gonzalez to go after reporters with subpoenas, wire
taps, monitoring emails and surveillance to try to stop leaks about the many questionable
activities of the White House.
I learned about the efforts because the FBI made the incredibly stupid mistake of setting
one of their national security letters to a company I own demanding information on one
of its clients, me.
Then I confirmed the story with my administration sources and ran with it on Monday, knowing
that even acknowledging receipt of a national security letter could lead to trouble.
Letter was withdrawn after my attorney negotiated deal.
On Tuesday an email arrived from Dan Egan, just a department correspondence for the Washington
Post, Dan wanted a copy of the letter and more information on the story.
That's right.
I read a story about how the Bush administration is monitoring the email of journalists
and a journalist fires off an email asking me to violate the USA Patriot Act and risked
certain jail time by providing him with a copy of a letter not even supposed to admit
I have.
In fact, I don't have it.
I never did.
The FBI sent the letter to my web hosting company offices, which are 300 miles away from
my home in studio.
It my instructions that went from employee who received it straight to my attorney and
he dealt directly with the Feds.
I never saw the letter, do not know what happened to it, I'm not privy to details of
what it said.
I don't want to know.
That's why I'm still sitting here not on my way to Gitmo.
Then I checked my voice mail to find a call from Robert O. Harrow, Jr., another post reporter
wanting information on my sources.
Wow.
I read a story about how the Bush administration is monitoring phone calls and reporters
and a reporter calls me on the phone to get information on my confidential sources.
Anybody see a pattern here?
Next I get both a phone call and an email from David Armstrong of the National Security
News Service saying he's working with 60 minutes on the story about domestic spying by
the NSA.
He wants to info on my sources.
Let's see, a reporter uses both the telephone and email to request the names of confidential
sources on a story about how the NSA monitors telephone email use of you guessed it reporters.
Sorry guys, I'm not about to burn my sources when you take so little precautions seeking
information from me besides I wouldn't help 60 minutes if they were the only news outlet
left on the face of the planet.
In 1981 I served on a panel discussion with Fred Graham, then legal correspondent for CVS
News.
During a break I told him about a paper I once worked for, the Alton Telegraph in Illinois,
which had lost a landmark liable suit for something they never published.
I thought it might make a good story about injustice.
Instead Graham turned the story over to Morley, Safer and 60 minutes and they put together
a hatched job on the newspaper and told the story from a trial or his point of view.
Instead of defending freedom of the press, Safer and his crew sensationalized the story
for ratings.
Some years later we learn again just how 60 minutes and CVS News hangs people off to
dry.
Jeffrey Wigan, the fired corporate vice president for Brown and Williamson tobacco company,
blew the whistle on the company's campaign to hide the two dangers of nicotine.
But 60 minutes and microwallers caved into corporate pressure and shoved the story after
remaining Wigan's identity.
His reputation was ruined by the network's incompetence.
Given such track records, why should anyone, any source trust the mainstreamers?
The Washington Post sends an unsecure email openly asking me to violate federal law by
turning over a classified document and I'm supposed to believe they'll protect sources
that I've cultivated and protected for more than two decades.
When Mark felt the number two man in the FBI served as post reporter, Bob Woodward's
primary source on Watergate insisted that Woodward avoid contact by telephone and divide
the scheme of planted messages in the newspaper, left the Woodward's door and meetings in an
underground garage in Arlington.
Felt in the using the phone or other standard communications means of the time would
lead the security of Cessnaix and White House right through his door.
Felt's identity remained a secret for 31 years.
My sources know better than to use phone lines and email to contact me.
We've worked out elaborate, always changing methods for sharing information.
I'm not about to risk the confidentiality with the reporters who are less careful.
I've been hauled in front of grand juries by overzealous prosecutors who wanted names
and sources.
They didn't get them.
As a journalist, I was trained to develop my own network of sources, not call other reporters
and ask them to give up theirs.
Maybe I'm too old-fashioned for these pop culture journalism.
Maybe it's out of style for reporters to do their own legwork and research instead of
depending on Google and others to do it for them.
Maybe I'm just too old to change and too damn suspicious to get trapped by youngsters.
My mama drowned the dumb ones.
I love that.
My mama drowned the dumb ones.
Beauty.
Does he grade or what?
He didn't even like that website once upon a time.
Pretty keep saying that.
I don't know, just for help.
Regulations.
Here's our poll so far.
A TV show passed a present that you loved but would never admit to it.
555 votes.
But look at that.
Look at that.
Number 555.
That's almost.
He hauls 76.
I hate this poll 71.
I told you, go right to the top.
We're the labor.
A Batman 47.
Andy Griffins, your 40.
Flip her 35.
Flip your magic triangle, Sandy.
But a Brady runs 34.
In the real world, 29.
Any soap opera, 29.
Gomer Piles, 29.
The Partridge family, 24.
I wonder if the guy with the eyes voted yet.
Best for the Housewives, 22.
Joe McGinnor, 16.
Quiris Fulk, 15.
Like David Cassidy.
Party of 5, 10.
Like Scott Wolf.
Dr. Phil, 10.
Oh, God, the way he had him.
Twin Peaks, 9.
The Arrally Factor, 9.
I sure wouldn't admit that.
And I don't watch it.
And, man, you know, one thing that nobody wants to comment about,
and even a little Tommy Jekka has written is the fact that he still got shares in the
Vagan Broward on his radio show, O'Reilly.
He is the no factor.
LN8, Garcetto 7, Oprah 7.
Are you hot six?
No wonder it went off after we found out who was the second.
The apprentice six, Goldie Girls 4, Roll Rules 4, making the band four.
That was like a O-town and no town and Motown.
Remember O-town?
Yeah, I'll try to forget.
How many minutes were there around?
The Areated Crosby Show 4, in Time Tumlin, they wouldn't have gotten any yet.
So you guys have called them in.
You better hop on it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
36 minutes away.
But who's counting?
We're counting.
36 minutes away from that.
Who we came, free game show with the beast.
All right.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, can I put my favorite show on the pole?
Yes, sir.
Your favorite show, that's the go ahead.
Bonanza.
Yeah, why wouldn't you want to admit that?
I know.
Got a gay.
Good, yeah, what's kind of gay with that hot sing?
Put it on there.
Bonanza.
It's the best these guys can do.
OK, we're all kind of gay.
Yeah.
I think Lauren Green was doing something with Alpo.
Can you picture that?
I want to learn that too.
Talk about going to the dogs.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, hi.
I got one for you.
How about my favorite Martian, but I want to admit to it.
OK.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Yeah, that was kind of gay.
Yeah, if you ask me.
Those two guys living together.
That's right.
Well, it was his uncle.
Well, they always say that.
Right.
And this is Kiss and Cousin and Riz Uncle.
They're both dead now.
And Ted, I kept coming out of his head.
They're both dead.
Ray Walson was Uncle Whatever's name.
Was Uncle Martian Martin?
And who's the other guy, Bill Bixby?
Right.
Who was also the incredible Hulk.
That is correct.
Well, what a shame.
You know, the good people, they die.
That's why I'm going to look to 100,
because I'm a miserable bastard, but that's hard to do.
Good people.
That's not very young.
I guess we didn't have to worry about that at 2 a.m.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, now we got to recognize people.
There I can't think of any at the moment.
We got some real fine people.
Like Joe Bell, he's a great land-handed, grandstanded guy.
And of course, then there's always Jim Sarni at the Sun
Sentinel who can't write any article without mentioning
that 760 ESPN radio and Palm Beach.
That nobody listens to Jim.
I'm awfully sorry.
And Evan Cohen.
Oh, and by the way, his brother, Marty Cohen,
is going to be on, I think, doing 2 to 4.
Let me look at that schedule next we can see.
We got that straight down there.
Yeah.
Bow and bow and gully and, oh boy.
Talk about dragging your feet, Joe.
That 2 to 4, Moe slot.
I say bring Moe back.
I've used it for a couple of the ups in a point one
share or whatever it was, from 1.0.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
I don't see nothing funny about what's
going on between 2 and 4 right now.
I think it's at any rate.
Just keep your opinions to yourself, smart ass.
OK.
When you're shopping for shoes, what name immediately?
Top's right in your brain, Brandy's.
Of course, because I've been sticking
at in your brain for years now.
And rightfully so, because Brandy's
is unbeatable.
You'll love shopping here because they treat you great.
They've got a good deal going all the way around.
Fantastic selection.
Top brand names going in the best prices anywhere.
They got a rock for it.
Forrest Shime.
Echo.
S.A.S.
Mephisto.
New Balance.
All the names you don't want to love.
When you go to Brandy's, be sure and ask for Arnie.
Tell Neil Sincere.
And they'll make sure you get the perfect fit
at an unbeatable price every time.
The pros at Brandy's even specialized in wide wits as well,
if he got those big fat feet.
Or he just an old codger like me, because your feet get wider
and wider, like an any circuiting web when he gets to be real old.
Brandy's worth a trip to New Just about anywhere in town.
For comfort style, fit value, and selection always
think Brandy shoes.
And you'll find Brandy's in that same fabulous location
that we've been going strong for about 400 years.
1290 North Federal Highway and Poppano Beach.
Brandy's open every day daily till nine Monday through Saturday
and Sunday till five.
And this week continues to be a great time
to buy those fantastic New Balance shoes like the ones I'm wearing,
because all great men's and women's New Balance this week
are 10 to 20 bucks extra off the regular price.
So be sure to get into Brandy's
and take advantage of Fantastic Savings right now.
Or do your shoe shopping on their website at brandy's shoes.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is the Neil Rogers Show.
This is your dream.
Any questions?
No, if you have any questions.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Who could do it today?
Exactly. I couldn't say about it myself.
Level 03 at 560 WQM were just 27 minutes away from the pre-game.
The Hurricane pre-game warm-up show in the hurricanes in Duke at noon.
The ACC attorney in Greensboro, North Carolina.
Wait till you hear this story.
Doctor for Cuban World Baseball Classic is the son of somebody very famous.
Guess who the son of you is.
The bells?
There you go.
All right.
The Doctor for Cuba's World Baseball Classic squad is no ordinary team physician.
Before last night, 11 to 2 victory over the Netherlands.
There was Antonio Castro Soder de Valier, 37 signing baseballs in team Cuba Caps for
fans at Hiram, Bithor and Stadium in San Juan.
After Cuba's designated hitter slam to two and a home on the fourth inning, there was
Castro with the rest of the team outside the heavily guarded dugout to congratulate
Yuan De Garoble.
This team physician was a former third baseman at the University of Habana.
A decent player according to a big league scout who was coached.
He's also the son of team Cuba's most prominent fan, President Fidel Castro.
He's great.
You like them apples, huh?
I bet you a lot of people in a little of Antarctica would be doing a green apple
crick-stuff when they find out about that.
Not many team doctors are seen signing autographs.
Catcher was told on the field while the team warmed up nearby.
He just chuckled.
On the doctor for an Olympic championship team, he said, I guess that makes me famous.
The Cuban's winners of the 2004 Olympic gold medal in 2005 World Cup play Puerto Rico
tonight in a highly talented contest between pool seas only on the field of teams.
But I'll be put to boot for the ball.
Is that he is Fidel, the team doctor?
I trust that guy or what?
No, I'm like I did run.
Nobody's slipping in their oval team.
I'll trust the doctor to speak, A.
What?
New York Times today says Abrum office spending has been detailed $20,000 for a car monitor.
When the money was rolling in, Jack Abrum office certainly knew how to spend it.
During his hideous want to watch since top lobbyists, Abrum off-rate $1,000,000 and faded
a lot of make his momentaries at his pencil in the evidence restaurant.
But one of his most conspicuous indulgences was his fully loaded 2002 BMW The New York Times
reports today.
The 745 L.I. sedan was customized by AI design of Taka Holden, New York as a sort of mobile
office for Abrum off who had one time imploded driver for it so it could indulge in heavy workload.
Invoices offer a look inside the tinted windows, a $450 edition that was the cheapest part
of the job.
He spent 20 grand for a custom built 15.2 inch wide screen and manual foot down video
monitor.
Invoices, monitor includes built-in cordless headphone transmitters capable of displaying
DVD, gaming computer graphics, slides, video signals.
For $7,390 more he added a hands-free cell phone system with a special 910 amplifier
to boost the signal and a docking station where his laptop built into the back of the
right front seat.
He also paid $6,500 for seat back tables.
All right.
He knew how to live it up baby and he's never going to live it down.
Oh, you just wait the list of keeps coming out.
He just seemed a little teeny tiny trickle.
Speaking of trickling, maybe from drinking too much of that Jesus juice, Michael Jackson
find over Neverland labor miscues.
Soared on the news, California officials have found Michael Jackson nearly 170 grand
ordered employees at the pop stars Neverland Ranch to stop working after finding that
employees had been paid since December and the ranch's workers compensation coverage
had been allowed to lapse.
That sounds like the way to beastly do business.
On Thursday yesterday, the California Department of Industrial Relations left the stop order
on Neverland, which provokes employees from going back to work until workers, companies
restored and also find Jackson 69,000 for the laughs.
On Tuesday, the same agency said, learning to manage the tax and pay employees at least
36,000 back wages by next week, as well as a fine of more than $100,000 of payment to
pay wages.
Oh, we're fine.
The back wages and penalties aren't paid by March 14th, the Department will pursue appropriate
legal action.
Jackson, the course hasn't been living in Neverland.
We spent months early after he was acquitted on child model station charges.
He relocated to Bahrain, a small nation in the Persian Gulf and is slumping around in
his burqa, looking fashionably gay.
And also using the ladies' room.
Did we ever have that story on?
I don't think so.
There was a story about how he was using the ladies' room.
Right.
I heard it.
I don't know if he was his burqa.
If you had a burqa on, I guess you don't go into men's room.
You'll get shot at, I don't know.
He says, courtship of Eddie's father, but don't tell anybody I liked it.
All right.
Father, wasn't that also Bill Bispy as it was?
I'm sure you planted the seed.
I see.
Seed.
Brian and Pompato Bicez, American Idol.
Are we spelled wrong?
Well, that's Josh for you.
Let's see how he spelled Martian.
Oh, no.
Woo.
American Idol, you got it.
We got it.
I think he can have it.
Now it's not spelled IDLE.
Look how Josh courtes spelled Martian.
M-A-R-S-H-I-N.
Isn't that what you do when you go out and hunt in the marsh?
That's right.
It's Martian.
I'm going to stop it really.
I'm going to stop it in the marsh.
I'm sure Eric will correct that to cover up the embarrassment factor.
Speaking of Josh, he's going to be with the mad dog today, 4-7 at Konains Grill, 51-81
Sheridan Street in Hollywood.
4-7 Josh will have a merchandise there and he's got to raise 200 bucks for us today.
Right?
That's right.
All you need is to come out.
Right.
All you Martians, that's right.
In fact, maybe 7 of Martians that were stuck in most pants, maybe they'll show up.
And Eltonates and Cash.
And then George tomorrow, 3-5 PM with Dolphin Stadium for the Maroonie Auto Ten Sale,
3-5 Marathon.
With our CDs, we're going to have T-shirts, 20 bucks of peace.
Come on.
Cut loose with some cash.
We get almost 15 grand, but boy, this thing is slowed down to a crawl to like a teeny-tiny
crawl.
It's 11.09 a.k.w. and we only got 21 minutes.
We've got to talk real fast.
Beach Ford has gone mad, since in case you missed it.
It's madness in March all this month at Beach Ford.
They dismissed having a record month last month so they planned a break that record this
month.
Right now, extended cam Ford 150s are as low as $249 a month.
So I said dollars at time.
With $995 down plus fees for the poor credit and through nine month lease.
So if you say bucks, you can get in big trouble.
Magnus in March at Beach Ford means you must be mad if you don't take advantage of rebates
and discounts of up to $10,000 on all new and used vehicles.
If you're not in the market for a new car being or somebody who is, be sure and send
their ass in to Beach Ford because if they take the liberty this month during March,
Beach Ford will hand you over to a hundred bucks in cash.
And when it comes from Beach Ford's advertising budget, so won't you check up your friends
price back a couple hundred bucks at all.
Don't miss out on this once a year of ed.
It's Beach Ford.
Madness in March going on right now.
Extended cam Ford F-150s is lowest $249 a month.
This case and counts and rebates up to $10 grand and $200 just for referring to a friend.
What's not to like?
Hurry on in Beach Ford and you'll find two miles east of the Golden Glades on 163rd Street
at West Dixie Highway.
Guarantea, I'll bet you Maddie Bell's life on it.
You will love your Beach Ford experience.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 QA.
5.25.
You should be called to invite.
5.25.
You should invite to win the debt of a sky.
Oh yes, who may invest but who to have his way?
Who will you invite?
Who will you make?
Who died?
Who will be pretty mad?
What's the good old time?
With the bush-dryer, travelling home?
I ask you what would be safer than an unletch-rainer with a suitcase.
I am a Ford.
You will fight to fight for the future.
You will start for a Ford.
And when you die, get a free pass of Ford.
You die.
You don't get to have a single farm.
Next Lord, or Dubai, we will make new guys.
Thank you for your money, never.
Where we now control all the other highs.
Cash, whatever we were given to the hearts of two hate women.
A fair share of these guys.
Do do do do do do do do do do do do.
We'll change your time, cash, and all the green hearts.
You'll buy the hearts of the old days.
They do do for the future.
But we won't let you know to fight who you will make.
You can't-
I'm dying over here.
Let's listen to better talk fast.
We only got 14 minutes.
TV show pastor present you love but would never admit to it.
I hate this pull 94.
Pull it away.
We hate it.
We hate you too.
He-ha 82, Batman 48, and your Griffiths show 42.
Flipper 37, Flipper.
Flip it again, Sandy.
Come on.
Greaty bunch 36, any soap opera 33, the real world 31,
Gomers Piles 31, the cartridge family 25 with any Bonanoushi.
This but housewives 22, queer as folk 16,
dual millionaire 16, Gourmet girls 14, party of 5, 12, Dr. Phil 12,
Quint Peaks 10, the Arighty Factor 9, Ellen 9,
Dark Shadow 7, the apprentice 7, Oprah 7, are you hot six?
Read a crossby show 5, Road Rules 4, making the band 4, my favorite Martian.
Spelled right.
Thank you, Eric, for bailing out the goofball.
My favorite Martian won, but Anza won, time 101,
and the Walton so far has got the big, oh, because the John Boy is it.
What are the big moles?
Do you think it now?
Who had the biggest mole, Peggy Lee and Riki or a John Boy?
Oh, and Riki, before he had it, tell you.
The biggest mole, right?
It's not what Greg Read was always running around, who's the mole?
And then come to find out who's him.
He was the one feeding Barry Jackass all the information all the time.
The inside poop.
He had mole and oma.
Yeah.
The US military will close Abu Gharr,
prison probably within three months, and transfer some 4,500 sluppers to other jails in Iraq.
A military spokesman said yesterday, the prison in Western Baghdad,
was a torture set of what Anza was saying before photographs of American soldiers
abusing Iraqis there in 2003, gave it a new notoriety, and made it a touchstone for the Arab street.
We will transfer operations from Abu Gharr, to the new camp, Kropper.
Is that spelled with an O or an A?
Camp Kropper.
Once constraints completed there, Lieutenant Colonel Kierkeven Curry told reporters.
Kid Curry.
Well, he got to do something nowadays.
He sure made it over there at 0.96.
Had a big flush there at the QA man.
Beesley's had a big flush.
Oh, and speaking of flush, a Georgia man has filed a lawsuit against Wal-Martin,
federal district court in Atlanta, in a fight over his t-shirts that compare the retailer's business
to the Holocaust.
Charles Smith has been marketing shirts that read,
I, Hart, Walla Cost t-shirts.
Okay.
Thank you.
I love Walla Cost.
Wal-Mart filed a season to assist or an attempt to make him stop printing the shirts.
The company said Smith is engaging in trademark infringement.
It is threatened to sue Smith that he continues to display the logos on his website
and to print them on his products.
Well, I didn't realize that they had a Walla Cost spin-off.
Before the eight-year-old Smith is a computer repairman,
said he has no deep connection to the company, but he claims using the logos as a free speech issue.
I remember only used to have that in America.
Do you?
Smith said he came up with his long time ago.
He came up with his anti-Wall-Mart logo after conversations with a customer and employee
both had bad experiences with Walmart.
He designed his first logo in July, one shirt with Walla Cost printed above an eagle in the smiley face
sold on November 16th and it had smith $5.10.
It's not like how we're doing.
He said if the court sides with him had used any profits to pay his legal fees
and for continued production of the products.
Walmart spokeswoman Sarah Clark said Smith is infringing on the company's trademark,
also making an offensive association between Walmart and one of the greatest tragedies of the past century.
You go, baby, whatever his name is.
What's his name?
Charlie.
You go Chuck.
Now I found a product and I wouldn't say I found a product, I found the story about it.
And you seem to be aware of it, which rocks me.
And this Shira Taki.
Yeah, well, I have this Japanese connection, you know.
Well, that's right.
Your daughter probably brought home a pound of Shira Taki which I'm going to have had,
but she didn't.
From Nagasaki Shira home Shira Taki.
She brought a whole lot of debt.
Oh, when Mark Olmira and his wife quit smoking last year,
he experienced an all-too-common problem,
he gained weight 35 pounds to be exact.
And so Olmira, a 46-year-old computer programmer, and his wife Char,
found to get back in shape by following the Weight Watchers plan.
But there was a rink of the Olmira's who live in a small village called Lake Inhales, Illinois,
adored pasta and sat down to big bowls of spaghetti two or three nights a week.
But the high carb calorie dense food was off limits to the Olmira's if they wanted to shed pounds.
Oh, what a shame.
Now, here's the exciting news for me, a pasta lover who can't eat any of this.
It's my favorite food in the world, man.
Can't eat it.
So when Mark Olmira discovered a milky white gelatinous Japanese noodle
with only 20 calories of serving called Shira Taki who was thrilled,
got a great line I could use in this story, but I guess I better not get joist.
Right.
Olmira has to do that last paragraph.
Olmira was browsing through your diet magazine when he read that Shira Taki made
from a Yam-like Japanese root called Kaniyaku.
It's something of a miracle food.
It's a miracle.
Oh, my God.
I don't like that.
Shira Taki has no fat and few carbs.
It's got like, I looked on one of the brands on the internet and it had like three grams of
carbon.
If I could, it's got zero usable carbs or what are net carbs.
And a mere 20 calories of serving compared with an average of 200 for a fetishini or ziti.
To the Olmira is the pale chewy noodle with a diet as holy grail.
See, now you can get some of that low carb pasta sauce.
And you should mirror a bunch of this stuff and like putting on meatballs and your sausages
and a little bit of wine.
We both just got a big grin in our faces with the first mob full Marko Miro recalls.
That's of this stuff.
Now they count themselves among a growing group of Shira Taki obsessed dieters.
I think we got something here.
I think we're onto it.
Shira Taki, the longest staple in Japan has become.
You'll see too many fat Japanese except those sumo guys.
That's right.
They have to go to efforts for that.
Phone a 5D diet food craze in the U.S.
The noodles are sold in large supermarket chains like whole food markets as well as in small.
Specialized health food stores across the country.
Recently, publics is required about carrying it.
Oh, please throw you a fat folks.
I'll have no trouble finding it here because there's a Japanese and Chinese.
There's an Asian supermarket in every other street corner.
A coin of manufacturer is rising Shira Taki sales are linked to dieters incorporating the low-cal noodles and the weight loss plans.
The leading U.S. manufacturer, House Foods American Corp and Garden Grove, California,
which holds and has sold Shira Taki since September 2002.
Says sales are attracted more than triple from last year.
The house foods brands also been in top several Amazon.com's gourmet food selection,
where it's listed as Fedachini-shaped tofu because the brand incorporates a blend of tofu and kaniyaku.
How do you like that? In fact, they're having a hard time.
I don't know yet.
Oh, you've been up with it.
That's sensational.
So if you want to lose some weight, Shira Taki is the waiter, I guess.
I'm going to get some.
All right. Let me know what you're doing.
Let me share it with some sauce, meatballs, sausages, a little bit of kiyanti.
23 past 11 a.k.a. more only moments away from that big ballgame with lightning quick speeds,
latest features in security, Comcast, High Speeder, and that leaves DSL on the dust.
And today you can get on board for only 9.95 a month or two months,
with an always on connection speed of 6 megabytes, Comcast, High Speeder,
and that is up to four times faster than DSL15, up to 100 times faster than dialup,
whether you're downloading music, watching streaming video, playing online games,
or just surfing your favorite sites, Comcast, reliable, fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet,
with the greatest of ease.
Plus when you sign up for Comcast, High Speed Internet, you get instant access to free features like the fan,
video mail, Comcast, grab city radio, plus, and up to seven personal email accounts just to name a few.
Now the only bad thing is you also get Macafee security tools included,
so you can be assured your internet experience is always safe and secure.
So what you'll be waiting for is start doing more facts than ever before,
sign up for Comcast, High Speed Internet today for just 9.95 a month or two months,
or whatever, man, is without it.
In date call 305, Comcast, and Broward, 954, Comcast.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QAAC.
That's it. It's all they wrote.
They will get the rest kicked by juice today, but thanks very, very much to them for winning yesterday,
so we can get that one.
I'm going to go out and buy 100 pounds of sugar toky right now.
All right.
I'm going to smear it.
Let me know how it goes.
Huh?
Let me know how it tastes.
It's tasteless like this show.
Yeah, let's get it said.
Bye!
See you soon.
Bye!
