Alright, I've got some uh some stuff for you Neil.
Do you want to get some stuff?
Oh, some stuff.
Some of the good stuff?
Good stuff.
Okay.
Edgerton Park Arena.
Yeah.
Do you remember that?
I'm sure you never heard of it.
You've never heard of the Edgerton Park Arena?
I've never heard of it.
No.
You weren't a Rochester with Lester Harrison?
Oh, a Lester Harrison.
Oh, I thought you were talking about Detroit.
No, probably by Rochester.
Yeah, I saw games at Lester Harrison with the world's coach and Red R-Box was the
Celest coach to scream and holler and carry on.
Bobby Wanzer, Bob Davies Arnie Ryzen, now we're talking.
Yeah, well the Dick Stockton wanted me to pass that along to you that he was uh he was
there in those days.
Yeah, I bet.
Well, he was five years old.
He had the same bad hair piece.
He doesn't have a hair piece.
Oh, well it looks like he had some surgery.
Yeah.
But anyway.
What do you think about that?
He?
The bottomy.
He listens to you.
Yeah, when he does.
He still sucks.
Is he there?
He did.
Yeah.
Probably a good guy, but he sucks on the air.
Well, he's still here.
He's still here.
He's still here.
He's still here.
I don't care how much he kisses my ass.
He sucks.
He wanted me to bring these things to you.
He's there.
Home run.
What a call.
You know something.
That one and the Dave Ann Boring's call of the Marlins win in the series.
Those have to be two of the most pathetic critical calls.
World Series or playoff ending calls in the history of sports.
Anyway, what?
That's it.
He has some other stuff too.
We'll talk about that in a different way.
Like what?
Never mind, Beast.
Come on, let's go.
Don't hold back.
I'll tell you what I get back.
I was going to use the computer because I don't want to cause...
See, I'm not like Larry King.
In other words, just because somebody kisses my ass, I'm not going to kiss you, kiss you back.
Especially when they look like they're stocked in.
You know what I'm saying?
Well, he just happens to enjoy you.
That's so good.
So does Brent Mousper, at least, Brent's got a sense of humor.
One may be Dick does, two on one.
Yeah, he does.
He does, isn't I?
Well, good.
He doesn't mind the fact that I rip my ass.
He knows you rip him.
I'm just kidding.
Not...
He's alright.
He never store free drinks.
You know something, Neil?
There are some people you rip who get it.
Yeah.
What does that mean?
I'm hoping he doesn't get it.
No, no, no.
They were like, there are some people who you rip by.
I mean, like Brent Colt text, I see.
You chatted him up as what he says in the hair.
You chatted him up.
I didn't mean it.
He's doing it yesterday.
Yeah, I hope it'll make Mac truck.
I got it.
Listen, I have a copy of an email.
Will you listen to me?
Yeah.
I have a copy of an email in my hand right now.
And that's going to answer a lot of questions.
Yeah.
Even though our station, you know, a bunch of whistles.
But that's their problem.
I washed my hands up.
You know, I did my best.
This is an email from Alan Brown.
Do you know who that is?
Yeah, I do.
The Vice President of Communications for his part, sports talks to our seven-year-old.
What are the great bony's in the world?
Well, as a matter of fact, if you'd like to email him, tell him what a fony he is.
And about how we're onto his, is a fony appolir.
You can email him at abrown at 790theticket.com.
All one word, abrown.
And by the way, hang up a job, Brownie.
Abrown at 790theticket.com.
Here's his email.
Wait till you hear all the people it's written to.
From Amanda Lippman, Howard Davis, not Howard David.
John Stugasweer, Scott Betcher, is it?
Becker Betcher.
Becker.
Steve Grancic, Gino Polito, Brian Fureberg, Michael Smith, Jim Pavola, John Tervolta, Teresa
Griffin, Terry Griffin, Victor Aguirre, Christine Aguilera, Allison Turner, Jason Salotkin, Zach
Krants, Jonathan Zazlow, Brad D'Angusio, Richard E. Gagia, Mark Hockman, Hockman, Hs.
Shane Chinick, Richard O'Videway, I hope the beast understands that when you get a spin
on that, the computer, you already know this, don't you?
Yeah.
When you get to spin a computer, all we decided what you're going to get, it's just a dog
and pony show.
You do know that.
No, it's all luck.
No, no, that's absolutely untrue.
It's all luck.
My finger decides it all.
Okay, whatever you say.
Oh, yeah, you got lucky fingers because I know where you're stored.
Correct them.
Richard E. Current Murphy, Kevin Rogers, Lindsay Dean, Lindsay Nelson, Dizzy Dean, James
Jackson, it's everybody who worked at the law.
Well, listen to me, Natalie Blind, Adrian Based, Jeremy Peltz, Lindsay Dean again, Phil
Shane, Mark Eisenberg, by Mirbours du Shane, and every, like 8,000 names on here, and here's
what it says.
Greg Cody is doing a web pull on Radio War's in South Florida.
He's looking for your favorite, least favorite host.
Please vote and let's crush the QAM.
Here's the link.
And there's the link, blogs.herald.com.
And it's on Alan T. Brown, Vice President of Communication, Sports Talk, $790, the ticket
with his phone number and his A Brown at the 790thicard.com.
At the top of this, it says, I came upon his email, thought of my amusement sign to friend.
So maybe somebody on the inside over there walked it across the street or who knows, you
know, or tipped off somebody inside and made a copy of it.
So obviously they were like, Daisy Chaining, so what I'm saying, so there's about 100
names on here, at least 30 or 40 anyway.
And if each of them sent it out to like, you know, 50 people, you see what I'm saying
is the Daisy Chain.
He's a liar and a fake.
So it's obvious that Alan Brown, they felt that this was extremely important.
So maybe it's a good thing that our people didn't get involved because they're beaten
us by a couple hundred votes.
Let them take some comfort and ask, you know, to the ticket, the number, the number,
the number.
The whole thing's abroad.
Yeah, but this guy's abroad.
If our people wouldn't have wished that, man, we got such a bunch of, I don't know.
And like I said, I give up.
I just throw in the towel.
I do my things and the two and I talk to you in the morning, which is fine.
That's it.
Two o'clock.
It's like, remember the song by Roger Williams and Jane Morgan a hundred years ago on
Capwork.
It's called two different worlds.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's it.
We got two different worlds on the station.
There's me and you guys.
Well, I is Alan Brown's the guy who sent out a press release to the writers.
Nice job, Brownie.
When the president of the Marlins was on their afternoon show, you know, he asked if it
was true that I had a, that they had a higher rating.
And I did.
And they said, yes.
And he said that nobody ever listens to me or something like that.
Really?
Yeah.
And so Alan Brown sent out the release.
Well, nobody printed it because everybody knew it was BS, you know.
Alan Brown is just a scum.
How can you lie about the ratings?
And that's back in the day when he was a guy.
Because the guy's a liar and a boney.
He was a liar and a boney Alan.
And he said, cheap shite artists.
And your website and I heard your email address is a brown at seven out of the ticket.
I kind of hope that you would.
Well, I wouldn't miss it.
Not only that, but his email there with, you know, a complaint about we know that.
Not only that, but I know people in my room as a consultant who have been very involved.
Yes.
Can I tell you a funny story?
Remember Walter Sabo?
Yeah.
A real A-hole.
He was a taxing consultant for IOD for a while.
In fact, he hired Karen Kay, who was his lady friend.
And the first night on the air, she was bragging about the fact that she was a bang in the
consultant.
But anyway.
And that's a true story.
So anyhow, Walter Sabo, who's a backstabber and a real haired, he goes to the town and
then he goes back to the management and he's like, rats us all out and stabs us in the
back.
He killed your A-wins.
He caused him to have a heart attack.
Because he screwed him over at W.R.K. when Boston.
But anyway, so Walter Sabo calls Norma Kent a few days ago.
Happens to know the guy that owns CFRB in Toronto.
Well CFRB, which is 1010 on the dial, same as Ion S and New York, CFRB is 50,000 watts.
Very prestigious station here for years and years.
And now it's the talk station.
And the owner who just, you know, he owns this one station is a huge fan of mine.
He's got a place down there in where they say somewhere down there in South Florida.
Winter home.
And he would love to have me on the air sometime on CFRB for fun.
In other words, not to pay me, but just to come on just for fun.
Isn't that great?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Now let me just tell you this because we already have the FCC and Joyce.
We got both of them around our neck.
But setting Joyce aside, the FCC, we know how repressive they are.
The CTRC, which is the equivalent in Canada of the FCC, they make the FCC look like George
Carlin.
Okay, that's how re-uptight and repressive they are.
Even though at CBC, you will very often use the F word or SH word in their news, you know,
like a news story or whatever, no problem or a movie.
But as far as talk shows, man, if I said crap the first time, they would come in and
bodily drag me out of the studio.
So the idea that I'd be on the air here is the chances are, and especially for fun.
Yeah.
We all are.
We all are.
We all are.
We all are.
We all are.
We all are.
We all are.
We all are.
The person is getting a lobotomy.
In fact, before he goes off, he's going to get himself a nice blueberry animal.
He's doing that right now.
I could use one of those.
Clean out his brains.
Yeah.
I'm talking to Neil right now.
Who are you talking to?
Dick Sondin is standing in front of me.
Hey, Dick, how you doing, baby?
I'm sorry, I really get you a...
Who's that hot chick that he's married to?
He's married.
Leslie Visser.
Leslie Visser, there you go.
And Leslie Visser, right, I was going to check.
Well, thank you.
That's nice.
For 52 years old, that's a compliment.
No, he's old.
No, I'm not.
I'm not getting out of here.
Oh, my God, you're old enough to be my grandpa.
You can be...
Man.
I got to know Neil.
A year ago, I'm walking along my complex.
I walked three miles to do it.
You sound like you know what?
Wait, yeah.
Go ahead.
Okay.
So Neil, I'm walking along.
I know I was on the radio on Friday, which then you had a couple of comments about me.
And all these cars are stopping as I'm walking and they're saying, do you hear what Neil just
said about you?
I said I'm listening to it.
And another car.
Neil just ripped you when you walked by.
So, you want me to walk along?
As long as they keep talking about you, man.
I mean, there's two things that you're still alive.
I'm telling Hank, I enjoy you.
You know, I'm down in bulk.
I listen to you guys.
Well, let me ask you.
Now, when you were in bulk, you were playing golf with Mohawar David.
Did you?
Come on.
Come on.
You don't have to hold back.
He's not on here anymore.
You have to hold back.
I have to hold back.
I have to hold back.
I have to.
I have to hold back.
And did you swap here?
Pieces or what?
I don't wear it here.
Did this.
Did this.
You must have had a tattoo.
And he doesn't wear one either anyway.
Yeah, and you want to, you know, you're talking to the guy who enversed him out of it.
I know.
I've ashamed him out of that dead Muscrat.
I'm like, it's no joke.
You know it's the truth.
You know it's the truth.
We love it.
We love it.
Leszie says, you listen to what you have in the on you listening to me.
We have a great time.
So, I really appreciate it.
Makes the walk a good day.
Well, congratulations, son.
Again, a nice young wife.
Well, thank you.
As you as young as a lay out, my might is.
Especially for a guy who's blamed as you are, man.
They have a hot wife.
I know I know you don't want people talking too much on TV right? It's for sure. Yeah. Okay, listen
uh whatever your name is a dick
I have a great life
Yeah great. I am super bowl. I am super bowl. Hey, calm the super bowl. It's called the
Super who's calling it? Yeah. Well, out out Michael's on mad and they've been
mad and they're doing it. Yeah, but thick is doing the international
broadcast. Oh in other words, in a four language. Yeah, we do we speak in tongues. Yeah. That's
what I got. I got a little bit of my lingual meal. We speak out of both. Yeah. That's what I heard
buys the operative work. Well, yeah. Have a great life. Okay. Thank you very much. Hey, how do you're
golfing, but they're in vocal. Okay. Yeah. You pick up the tab for your next show. Yeah. Maybe. See you
if I like. Okay. You know, a special man. It was good. Put me in the way you liked it. Yeah.
Anyway, Alan Brown, but then again, go Brownie. That's definitely not back to that guy. Yeah. Anyway,
I better not. I'll go ahead. He a friend of mine hired him as a consultant and he promised
him all kinds of things that he was going to do for him and he got paid and apparently none of the
things materialized. Mm-hmm. So well, he sure whipped up about. He's all full minute to
mouth and he's got them a couple hundred votes ahead and they're like circulating this email
and they got the daisy chain going. They're probably like standing over each one of these people
on it with a whip making them like hop on their computers. Well, that's what I told Cody yesterday.
I just walked up to him. I don't even think it's odd that like 900 votes came in in two hours
for one patient and he said he's trying to tell me that the system is foolproof again. Oh,
give me a break. Yeah. You can vote on there like every two minutes. If you know who that was.
I can chat in addition to which and he looked at you with a straight face even though he's on
their payroll over there and he's on with his buddy. Well, faster this the scene sports fairy
every afternoon. Who's he kidding? Who is he kidding? Jesus Christ, Cody, you're out of
the way. You get him in there then they're more accomplished. I'm gonna get him in there tomorrow
morning. I'll put him on the ear. I'll see if I can find the book. Kiss your man. Talk about this.
He is the epitome of what the hero's all about. Bush League isn't even the word for it. I wouldn't
wipe my ass with the hero, especially with his page, especially with his face on it. Oh,
in fact, now that I think of it, I take that back. You would. Yeah, I would. You definitely would.
Well, you have a nice day. I absolutely will. In fact, I'm going to go get some of that. What's
that? It's a synagogue. Yeah. Yeah. I get that. That page. It's got great. Cody's picture on it.
I'm going to do a real number on it. Maybe he'll maybe when you see him next time, he'll have a stranger
Roma about it, although we probably already does. Well, I was nice talking to Nick Stockton. It's more. He sure
tells no Alan Brown. Yeah, that's for sure. But I really got you going just to mention that. Yes. I'm
going to read this email. In fact, I got to read to me again.
A Brown at seven. I did a ticket.com. You want to have beast email in your regards from Detroit from the
Super Bowl. Yeah, typing out and speak. You know what? And have come up here. We'll send a nice,
nice long journey through Midtown. Yeah. That's a good idea. And beast can take him walking on
12th Street late at night. Yeah. I'll give you all the right neighborhoods, man. Have a good day. I know my
Detroit. I will talk to you tomorrow. I'll get out to a Northville, down to where you've been there
once before. It's not too late to go again. Okay. Red creamers. Just remember,
Brad Cramer, every race. Crossgatherer. Every race is an adventure. Okay, listen,
see you tomorrow. All right. All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
Welcome.
All right.
Oh, yeah. That's just enough to make me cry. You know what? Yeah.
Well, he did a fine job as usual. Chicken neck. That's great. Got a little carried away in one of the other ones,
but that's beside the point. Oh, if you mention that, the clearance that he's got no clue. But I guess he already knows that.
I'll have to do it over. See, it's one thing. What? Oh, yeah. The Gellia two one. That one.
Because he says small can't say that no more or less.
Oh, there's John Bolton with that. I'm actually mustache. Take a few. Could that. Oh, thank you.
Oh, thank you. You know, that's how more and more of these are new guys. They got the mustache. Yeah.
And if he could put a little like shoe polish on it that Reagan left over, he can look this like Hitler.
Anyway, Alan Brown writes. I'll get to that in a minute. I'm only going to read that. How many times today?
About 30, man. It is so amusing. What is his email again? A Brown at 790TheTicket.com.
I want to just let him know that we're on to him in his daisy chain and how desperate. Oh, yeah. Let's get. Yeah.
I mean, we had to we're trying to have some fun with it and just bury them, which would have been appropriate.
And arrested the station like, yeah, we got important things to talk about like that.
So to hell with it. I gave him 800 vote lead and they just dropped it right on the right.
They said right. Volkampers said his fat ass right down on the ground and refused to move. And that's fine.
And you know, it's hard to move when you're that big. In fact, talking about the personality transplant.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 516 Q.A.
Neil God.
The pilot is in a piloting from the headquarters of the US.
It's in existence.
Yeah, it's been brought to our attention from outside sources.
We never listened to radio anyway, but the only lucrative show we have on the air, the new Roger show, I believe it is, has been playing parts again.
Now, this flies in the face of God and the FCC.
Well, not really the FCC, but we know so little broadcasting. We don't want to take any chances.
Subsequent with his validates are a fear of indicating Neil's show on our other stations.
Not that it ever would have occurred to us in the first place.
We're much too busy convincing ourselves that we know what we're doing.
After all, we are based in prestigious Fort Myers, a town that Oscar named after his Weedy.
Suffice it to say if we want to feel important, run off a space above a sea shell store in Fort Myers.
And get more cousin policy than that.
And not to mention, as a Florida based business, we benefit by not having to pay our billboard employees.
So I like good choice.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Oh, man.
I think somebody just got joist.
Oh, anyway, 22 out of 10.
Over there, there's a crazy angry Yates has been released.
She's walking out.
She's got a little brown sack that she burped from Burry Jackass.
And she's waltzing right out there.
How do you like that?
What's that all about?
Let's go to the funny punters.
We'll get there, probably.
Oh, is that where she's going?
Or are you joking?
No, no, no, that she's going to.
Oh, thank goodness for, because it says Yates released.
So I thought maybe like out of the real world.
No, no, she's being committed.
I see.
Well, here's somebody you probably ought to be on line nine.
Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's going on with your signal?
Man.
It's like feeding in and out.
You know, someone else is here.
Where are you?
Like in Jacksonville?
No, I'm in the Fort Infectum's right next to Fort Lauderdale International.
No, too far away, too far away.
Probably, hey, listen, we got to conserve, man.
That's a new beastly deal.
That's a new strategy.
That's why we're eliminating 400 jobs.
We only got 100 people working there.
We're eliminating 400 jobs.
I will say we were off the air for a second there in the beginning.
So I might be able to talk to you guys about maybe when we came back on.
We're like using that backup transmitter.
The one that the guy climbed up on, I'm behind the hero.
That I find out that's the backup tower.
Not the transmitter, but it's a backup tower.
Did you know that?
Yeah, we found it.
Maybe the guys back up on it.
Anyway, I changed my mind.
I think it's really 200 and I just looked at that thing because Hank,
and between the Ellen Brown thing, and just frost my ass, this email.
Only 280 votes behind.
I don't care about the individuals because those guys don't care enough about it to plug for themselves.
So why should I care?
But the thing where it says which of the big two states need to prefer for a sports radio.
And of course, Greg insists Greg Cotex that he got those safety valves in there so he can't vote twice.
But wouldn't it be something you're all the 1893 people of voter free QM?
I'll try to vote again when I'd like right now.
I'm doing it.
I mean, I know it couldn't possibly work.
But nevertheless, it's on the Miami-Herald Web Front Page.
You'll go about two-thirds of the way down on the right hand side.
So there it is.
It says Greg Cote, a random evidence blog, and then you go all the way to the bottom of the thing.
Which of the big two states need you prefer for a sports radio and you vote for QM?
Or for a...
Hey, you know, we could do a test.
I beg your pardon?
We could do a test.
You could view it while I vote and see if it changes.
No, okay.
But how am I going to know if it's you?
Well, it'll be something.
That's a good point.
Because I'll do it right away.
Because if you're the only one I can get to vote again, I'm not going to say much about the power of...
Bill Cote!
I'll say total.
The total is 2178 for...
790, the ticket.
And 1893 for QM.
All right, I just voted for Hank.
No, I'm not talking about that.
I don't care.
That's fine.
I'm happy about that.
I'm not looking at that.
Which of the big two states can you prefer for a sports radio?
We don't have time to push you around with those individual who do you hate, who do you...
The best, the worst, the most mediocre, the most ponderous, the finest.
No, we're looking at...
You know, what does you prefer?
I just said on QM.
Yeah, I am.
What does it say?
What's the total now?
1899 to 2198.
Well, that's not good.
And I mean, we just got six and they got 20.
That means that Eisenberg and Lorber and Kevin Rogers and Kurt Murphy and Mark Hockman and Richard Eag and Zach Cranston, Jonathan Zaslow and Brian Fureberg and Stugas Wiener and his daddy and mommy and the dog and Scott Betjecker.
They're all vote like a handler or a relimpressed.
This is good.
Well, let's have it all out battled in the middle of the road.
Let's just kick their disgusting ass.
What?
I think you can vote multiple times.
I'm clicking multiple times.
I am telling you you can vote as often as you want to.
Listen, you believe Gregg Co-tex of the hero.
Do you think he has any idea about...
He wouldn't know the Internet's Malgore's ass.
Who you kidding?
Somebody QA in Internet Central.
Hello.
He was raised 10-20, I thought about one minute of your show.
You've been on and off the ass.
Oh, well thanks for the bad news.
How do you like that?
You were trying to like, this is great.
This is great.
Is clearance been in here to say you guys have been off the year a whole bunch?
Miguel told me.
Yeah.
What about our program director?
What about junior program director?
What else he's doing besides getting a blueberry anima today?
Maybe can't get such...
You!
Oh, I could really use a blueberry anima today.
Yeah.
Not from what I'm here in.
No, too much.
Somebody bring a Mac and Melty coffee up today.
Somebody bring a Mac and Melty coffee up today.
Somebody bring a Mac and Melty coffee up today.
Somebody bring a Mac and Melty coffee up today.
Somebody bring a Mac and Melty coffee up today.
Somebody bring a Mac and Melty coffee up today.
Somebody bring a Mac and Melty coffee up today.
Somebody bring a Mac and Melty coffee up today.
Somebody bring a Mac and Melty coffee up today.
Somebody bring a Mac and Melty coffee up today.
Somebody bring a Mac and Melty coffee up today.
WQIAM, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, your signal has been cut in and out since you started the show, even like during the commercials.
Right.
Hey, can I give you a website to check out?
What is it?
One that I'm going to get a worm from or something?
No, no, no.
It's a worm.
No, no, no.
Now they got a new worm making the rounds.
It's 9-11-truth.org.
Somebody already gave that to me.
Let me write it down here because I keep...
I write these down and I lose whatever I wrote it on.
I'll put that word.
I've got some bad news for you for Michigan.
Yeah.
Ted Nugan is running for governor.
Well, good luck to all of us.
Okay, thank God I'm not in Kalamazoo or more of Southfield.
Okay, see you in the salinity, pal.
So Alan Brown writes.
Yeah.
Oh, God, I love it.
So in other words, we haven't even been on the air.
We're still getting a few votes on here.
Everybody's got to vote again on it.
What station?
Oh, look at that 1921 already.
Yeah, I voted like 10 times already.
Yeah, but they saw their people.
This is good, man.
It's like Ricky Martin would love this.
It's like a peeing contest.
He'd probably love to get right in the middle and between the two stations.
1027 at QAM.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 560 QAF.
If you're a mighty big star who's known for crashing cars and snorting stuff up, you're known.
Yo, who are you?
You got a needing disorder and you punched a reed porter and there's a picture of you with no clothes.
Well, you want to fight a cop saying your last movie flopped and whited you's color your hair.
Before the paparazzi gets you, you've got to get your picture on the cover of Vanity Fair.
Vanity Fair.
Gonna get your picture on the cover.
Hey, wait a minute, I'm on your stage, mother.
Yo, hey, gonna need some damage control.
I'm a cover of Vanity Fair.
It's all your PR cats at the end.
I'm a cover of Vanity Fair.
I don't believe it.
Look at that girl.
She's a big name beauty who's appeared in movies and you see her in the picture show.
Yeah, I saw Ghost Bruce, where is his or her beauty?
And she's got a little baby that she brings to this studio.
Hey, she makes all kind of tone about all kind of clothes.
Not the clothes, she doesn't wear.
Hard to close, that her painted on the girl who's naked on the cover of the Vanity Fair.
Vanity Fair.
Gonna get your picture on the cover.
Dpoint House, конcerning the coast.
A pannawan featuring you.
I'm the culer of Vanity Fair.
I bet youl make the best use of the car high points.
A gripped protection for skin typestations.
Who can see it's gone out all the while to hold it.
You gotta ward it by gone by a sure-isf Gotta light it up your blinator
crack full as a kilo tellsKaw Armen
and she's looking so causal
one-ch igual scene
nothing like the extra
W mot
ills
discover
and the color of the
I'm a cover of the vanity thing.
Oh, and that's right.
She might do it in a cover that looks so beautiful, smiling.
She even pregnant this time.
A part of this thing.
Who would have ever dreamed back when I first came out when we played that about 85 years ago,
that she'd be doing an Aston Pucci Kuhnell, huh?
Never really gave it a thought, though.
And well, that's not.
Anyway, so we just got an email from one of our insiders over there across the street.
And the reason I was here is because I was in a room with a friend of mine.
The reason we're not really only gearing tree net votes so far.
You notice how both totals are zooming up there?
Yeah.
Because Alan Brown has got everybody, even a janitor across the street.
And they're all sitting at their PCs and other people's PCs and their PPs,
and they're like, tap it out.
Every time we get one, they get like two, you know?
And then they get two and we get three.
And then bang him up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up
up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up
up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up
up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up. Up, up, up, up the window, down, down, down, up, up, up, up, up up, up on your
up, up, next person is becoming vocable, Omnipoper, whom now emotionless or pottery-form.
voted for and at what time? I do see that. If you want to vote twice, you have to clear
your cookies in Internet Explorer, just press tools and Internet options then delete cookies
and you start over again. By the way, it says I'm listening online so I can hear you're
fine. Well, thank God for that. We had a lot of people in town with me on my career signal
blows. And of course, they're signal over there. Huh? Even when I was WNWS, you know what's
on that 790? You think we got Cuban interference? If it all cracked up by some 80 million, you know
what signal on the 790? And so at night, I mean, you can be sitting under the towers.
It's like the light bulb in Fort Lauderdale. You can be sitting under the transmitter and
you still can't hear the damn thing. How about a signal? Heck of a job, Alan. Brownie.
1959-2040. You can just keep refreshing it, man. That's a good part of this. Don't you
like that? Yeah. I prefer my higher. 1967 at 3,270. We've picked up eight votes. Oh, net.
Because Alan is like standing over their shoulder, especially his two gods. You know, if you're
all daddy's money stew, John, we're man. Then you better like keep tapping that baby out.
But I mean, but I mean, but I mean, but yeah, because you know, they're sure as hell not getting
them from what they got on here right now. That's for damn sure. WQ I am. Hello. Neil God.
Yes, sir. Speaking. Happy Thursday, sir. Happy Thursday to you. Hey, the big you just
pointed about the beeswaves. Yeah. Be funny. It's bang out of her and sometime I'm
just about right pants. Yeah. That was terrific. Yeah. Keep it up and have an awesome day, young
man. Back to you, pal. Yeah, things are looking up now. Okay. The boss is away. He's getting
a doctorate or something. And then we got the clearance and they're getting this blueberry
animal. And then Alan Brownie. He's getting like a lobotomy or something. Boy, oh boy, you
call him a consultant like that thing says. Hey, that'd be a good pull. Who's the better consultant?
Water Sabo Alan Brown or Greg Reed? Wow. By the way, chicken neck. He says that he did not
say that word. Oh, he didn't say it. I haven't heard it. So I was going to listen to it.
Okay. Well, let's listen to it then. I was positive. He said penis. I mean, we can say
that, but just like isolated. You know what? I'm sorry. Why? I would say it. I thought
about any other TV just now. Oh, I don't understand. What's the problem with that? There isn't
one except that Joyce made it up. No, no, no. Joyce didn't make it up. They just said a
couple of week need middle-level management people said, Oh, gee Joyce, can they say
this? It can't be no matter what they ask. No, no, that's all. She's got it on a
re on a instant. Yeah. That's like she just plays the recording. Buffalo Bill going,
yeah, that's all. Can we say it's Thursday? You bastard. Friday is an exception. We can
say it's Friday. You bastard. That's the one day we should let us say that. That's
the day she goes for her poison, very enema. Okay. Let's listen to it. Let's see what
the generic sport holds. Buffin. Yeah. I don't like to fire under the S entertainment.
I don't matter who this is. Because they all sound alike. Holy shit. Do what I say.
That's the doing the sense of you with me. Oh, make a hundred percent effort to perform
well. So yeah, how come all you sports guys are like that? So, thank you, Cindy. Stupid.
Well, we have to go to college, but never really attend classes just like not too smart
is the situation we have. You think Raven about male acolytes and
white syphins and jackskats is a little louder. Okay. Just a little under your
curiosity. Maybe stretch it out at the scene if you type what's. So it is. We like women.
We're programmed to do so. You're right. I'm excited. One show. You
whether he anyone talk about girls. It is a little weird.
Okay. Three very lonely men with very small things who need to hear that. You say you
need sports is that. I'll be dead. He didn't even come close to saying how come you
told me he did. Well, you know, I'm a. I'm a true. I know. I remember that song by
Glenn Campbell Gentile on my mind. That's right. So we know what was on your mind. Okay. Now listen,
you know, the most important thing about this memo. I, oh, geez. The Humper would have like,
maybe not him so much because he wasn't involved in it because he's out of town out of touch.
The memo from Alan Brown to everybody across the street to get all feverish about this stupid
as blog with Greg Cotex in the paper was sent Tuesday afternoon at 123. After we spent the,
you know, three hours plus. I mean, not the whole time we talked about a lot of other things in
our own polls. We keep our own polls for ourselves and whatever else I did. Those boring bedtime
stories, but we had a show. We had actually had a good show on Tuesday and in the midst we got
people whipped up and they hopped on that thing there. So 123, he puts, he sends this thing up.
So you can just imagine why after two o'clock when all these people started their Daisy chain,
plus whatever they were doing on the year. And even if they weren't doing anything on the year,
I everybody in, you know, and they were going through the white pages of the phone directory.
Look at this thing 123 on Tuesday and all of a sudden, but I beat, but I hope let's vote for your
favorite and crush the QIM. Here's the link says Alan T Brown vice president of communications
and Hanks is a real a-hole major a-way hates him like poison. That is bad. His number, by the way,
is 954, 989, 3335. Do you want to call him and bitch him out? That a good idea?
Well, some other people want to do that. Yeah. What? I ain't going to call him. No, I don't mean you.
I'm talking, I'm talking to the audience. You think I just do the whole show for you? Only about
40%. The other eight round at 790theTicket.com. I mean, he must be related to a physician.
You think? In fact, maybe I'll hire what's your name over there? What the hell is your name?
Oh, Linda Energy. Linda Energy. Oh, wait. I saw Linda. Oh, she's put her over the bed. Talk about a real
wow. What a bitch. Yeah. Anyway, so how we doing? Let me refresh it. It's like taking minutes,
breath minutes. We got 2000 already. We've gained an end of 15 votes. Speaking of refreshing.
Yes. And in a mile, I found a match. I found a cigarette lighter. So, Josh is good.
Boy, he can breathe a little easier now literally and figure out how to kick a wild. We got 2000
votes even, baby, and the bad guys over a crop. Seven out of the chicken. Those guys are literally
got 20 to 70 and they started with 2178. So, slowly but surely, thanks to our loyal and
ineffective audience. I'm doing it just to bust their balls over there just for fun so that
they can build it. And of course, later after I'm off the air, let's see who we got on today.
Oh, Goli. Well, you know, he ain't gonna cause his name is not there and probably rightfully so.
Win-free. What should we do? We only read books that you tell us to. Maybe you are the ones on drugs
for putting his book in. Oh, for his book, man.
Okay, you're gonna have to send a Daisy tune. Otherwise, it's gonna take us to, you know,
week from a circus. I don't know. The fingers tired. Is it? Click it.
Alan T Brown, baby, I bet she's getting a few emails today at a brown at 7902ticket.com.
After putting up this outrageous 123 on Tuesday afternoon, this email begging be
seeking everybody on the staff, the janitor of the salesholds, wives,
boyfriend, girlfriend, children, little children on the street, homeless voice people.
They actually were taking PCs out there on the street corner and having a homeless voice people
tap them out. They were Jim Fervola, Scott Becker, Beecher, whatever that, Gene Polito,
John Stugas, winner, Zach Cranc, Zach. He probably hates him like poison,
but he's just got no choice because mold pushed Zach out of the way.
Jonathan Zaslow, I wonder if he's related to the guy who used to be on guiding light to
die Roger Thorpe. Remember him? No. Well, we got 2010 and the bad guys got 20290.
So we're chopping into whatever is so lightly. I don't understand it because you tell me you
can only vote once, right? And I guess the right because the business said, yeah, you are
they're right because it says that about them in mind your vote was QAM on 1.30 at 8.37am,
which what day was 131 Tuesday? So I guess you got to clear the cookies.
Well, I'm not going to go through all of that, but our audience has got a lot of time. They're
not doing a radio show right now, but they got plenty of time. It's just a question of how loyal
they want to be and how much they want to do for us, you know, helping the helpless,
because it's all strictly me, man. It's me against the world as usual.
The rest of our people, we know Lana. We know Lana. Yeah, we know Lana.
So go ahead. I don't care. What do I give a crap? I don't do a sports show, but as far as
which station I mean, like look at that 2017, 2295. We're like 278 behind. What were we before?
We picked up a net of seven votes. All right. And what's the die-bowl factor starts kicking?
It will be head by 4,000. Put a call in that, Jackass, once they let them out.
5670560, pound 56, and they've arrived in a singular wireless line. Okay, here's the poll result
from yesterday. Who is the biggest no-talent celebrity of all time? We had 1651 votes. Why,
sure, which we can get that many today on this Greg Kotzex poll on his blog. The only problem is
you can vote against. I guess we've exhausted all of our audience, right? At least the ones will
make the effort for us. Right. Got thousands of additional people out of it. We're not going to do
that. Yeah, you are. Yes, you are. It's the very least for the free entertainment and the
farting sounds we used to give you. Certainly those people that are posting all day long. They got
them the time. Yeah, that's my honor, but there's only two or three of them. So you're under,
you're under, you're under staying, you're under staying, you're under staying, two or three. They
can clear their cookies all day long. Yeah, they believe me. They haven't been clearing their cookies.
Can you smell it? I can smell something. Who is the biggest no-talent celebrity of all time?
Paris Hilton 474. She beats the opposition hands down.
Rosio Donnell 126 actually Simpson 125. P Diddy 119. I hate this poll 105. Dr. Phil 73. Take a
pill, Dr. Phil. Hopefully arsenic. Arnold Schwarzenegger 44th. So he's spelling 38. Adam
Samber 36. Melissa River 34 of Analyse 33. J.O. 31. Oprah 30 man.
Britney Spears 29. Ellen D. Generic 26. Wayne Newton 25. Then Afro 24. Slice the Lone and
20. Then Z. 22. 21 for our senior hall and its Solomon and Wopey Goldberg and Keyanna Reeves.
18 for Snoop Dogg. We need to cause me had 17. Courtney Love 15. J. Lotto and Madonna 14. Martha
Stewart 10. Will Smith 9. Bob Dylan 8. Ozzy Osborne 8. Frank Cuss and after an Emerald
Gassie 7. A peace and guy. Joan River 6. Courtney Cox and Bill Shatner and Bruce Willis 4.
Tab 103. Hey, Tab. You fairy. Gary Moore 2 and Dean Martin to find a God one. Solamente Uno.
What do you find a God? Let me just drink it. Hey, Dean, Dean, you wish you're funny that Dean.
What are you funny? Yeah. Yeah. This is kind of like this like election day,
isn't it? And just like just like the presidential elections, it's fixed, right?
2034. And they got, look, we got the same numbers. They're just in different order.
We got 2034. They got 2304. Now that's pretty mysterious 166. 170. So we picked up
now a net of, wait, wait a minute. 270. Is that correct? So we picked up 15 votes already.
And just like half an hour. Since I changed my mind, no ordinary, I was just going to let
this thing go. But I just can't operate there. When I'm just, why I'm a fighter, man.
I'm a speed fighter like somebody like that. I'm a speed fighter. Yeah, that's why I'm going to
get you all fired to did. You know, he's your give it a hell of a shot. Absolutely.
And did want to get into somebody knocked off the air. WQ I am. Hello. How you doing? All right.
Yeah. I think the reason that you and George get a lot of crime calls is because you got
the soul boring and repetitive. Yeah. That's why I used to do all the time. Can you tell us all the
colors? You can tell us the names of all of them. And what time you called you? People long,
yeah, we're so boring. That's why you listen all the time. You can tell us every time that the
guard they're called and this one and the whisperer and everybody else. Okay. We're so boring,
but you are life must obviously be so desperate that we're even spicing up that pathetic
existence. There's a solution for it. So you're brains out, please. How about an assistant
suicide? In fact, maybe blow up right there. Right there will be a good target. All the
assists. You'll assist. Nobody can weigh in. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay,
pal. Listen, there's a little thing that a computer programers call a bot as you short the robot.
And they can write a little protein that will constantly clear that and hit that front or clear.
Yeah. Wow. That's what's going on over there. That's why every time we get a vote, they get one.
Aha. I so. You can go in as many votes as you want. You know, it's a real simple thing to do.
So maybe one of the listeners knows how to do a little bit. Yeah, but 40 of the listeners
that know how to do that ought to be doing that. And also Eric could probably do that up there.
Eric's the computer wizard. Come on, Eric. Let's go on it. Excellent. Thanks, pal. Now what is this
again? It just automatically like keeps a re-hidden it. It's a little program. And he's right.
They're called bots as a matter of fact, like I don't know if you've ever used the email on our own
website. But before you can get into it, there's a little thing that you have to reply to. Yeah.
Okay. So that people that use spam bots don't take over the email addresses and use them for spamming.
So yeah, so yeah, somebody that knows how to do it can write a bot that will basically keep voting
continuously. Well, wouldn't that be nice? Because you can be sure they're doing it. In fact,
that's probably why we're doing on Tuesday and Wednesday. That is really a scandalist. If you ask
me, if you ask Alan T Brown, hey, Brownie, you're doing it. Now let's say 248 and 15 and what,
263? We're chopping into about 22 votes already. See, even though they got those things going
their botanet, their battenet and their botanet. 2002 for the good guys and 2315 for the pretenders
over there. Where there's 75,000 memos. Oh, what's good? Everybody you know and strangers on the
street corner. Oh, brother, if we didn't own this, Greg Cody is doing a web poll on Radio Wars and
Sound Photos. Looking for your favorite, least favorite roles. Please vote and let's crush the QIM.
Let's crush them. Although I do like an orange crush. I haven't had one of those in years because
they, well, guess what? I got some good news, boys and girls. Yeah, laid on it. You will. You don't
really care that much. You don't drink a lot of diets. So do you do? You have to have... Pepsi diet
lime. Huh. Isn't that incredible? I know they had the Coke lime for a while, but... Listen to me,
not just Pepsi lime. Lime Pepsi's been a lime. Pepsi diet lime. I can't drink regular anything
anyway. Well, I'm just telling you. I'm gonna go look. Diet Pepsi lime, man. I'm dieting over here.
You think they've tested it. Have it done here in Cuban. I saw that. I bought them every, they're like
in the bottles. Not the little teeny tiny bottles, but pint right over how it is. Pints.
WDQYM. Hello. Yes. You'll please. Yes, they're speaking. Oh, Dale, how you doing? All right.
I'm just one of these people, but listen to I take your show so much. I listen to it 24 days.
Right. I like that other guy. Right. Because we're born. And the thing I enjoy most is having
idiots like him call telling you what they don't like. There's everybody listens to. So anyway,
keep up with good work. Okay. Thanks, pal. By the way, George found a good movie for a crash,
which is a current movie. Yeah, we're talking about it. It's already great.
And you're right. Yeah, I'll be sending you a copy. I'll send you the original copy
rather than the copy that I made from that guy. Who's in it? Oh, Ryan Philippe.
Ryan Philippe and Sandra Bullock and Don Chiddle. The Fiddle. All people that I like. How do you
like that? Even Matt, they are Matt Dolan's in it. Oh, what's his name? Brendan Frazier. Matt
Dolan's starting getting a lot better when he decided he wasn't going to try to be Merlin
Brando anymore. No, he's just finding this as the. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. He started
in La Pada when he dropped that Foney routine in his head. Everybody did a great job and
moved well. A lot of surprises. Yeah, crash. Crash. Mike just went to Austria. You know,
because they don't want to get too uh, out there in Hollywood. They don't work back. It's not what I heard.
23 23 let's do the math on this. Okay, let's go to the video tape. 23 23 in 2065 is 235
and 23 258. Now it was 285. So you see the numbers have changed, but only the guilty have been
protected by the innocent 258. So we're cutting into it. 27. See that? And pretty soon it'll be
so even though they got their bots are going. Their bots and balls. What's in the bot? Yeah,
they got their bots and balls. Alan T. Brown and I have no idea who that is. I didn't realize
that there was another another episode doing consulting in town. This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.8. This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your brain. Any questions?
Yeah.
Yeah. I'm the world's first able winner. Back in the day. I was the hopper time I come to
Nico. I got the tickets. It's actually neat. That on my hand. I'm proving it. You were rainy.
Old style. I'm older. Say, though, baby. I can do anything I want to do. I'm your
pet show. I've got the power to know they show.
Where I have a way to get to your own show. I've got a station down in my alleyway.
And I don't get it. Go waiting for loads. This was one that you could stroke.
I'm older. Say, though, baby. And you'll do anything I want you to.
I'm your consultant. You're my
spend your late and I desire you. I'm your
nebolia. I'm your
lifeline. That's why I'm a consultant because I'm just an ass.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, hi. Yes. Oh, my God. I was soon. They forget.
That was great.
Good. Got a nowhere. The man. I'm just practically banging that thing.
The cherry on the Sunday there. Wow.
The 2089 for us and the other guys. The goiom 2336.
569 men. All the numbers all the time. Can the audience keep track of this?
Good. That's your need. Keep them off balance. How's Eric doing? Is he got that bot set up?
Does he bot in the balls? I don't think he's right in the bot.
Botchy balls. He's not? No, I don't know.
Why not? He knows how to do that.
He get out of here. He's a complete wizard.
Are you webbing? Are you a spoiler?
I think he's technical perspricacity.
Yeah. Why? Because he's a webmaster, not necessarily a, you know,
he's script writer of that nature. I'm not going to assume anything about what he
knows how to write. He knows how to write it.
243. My God. We're cutting it at Marjor like 42 votes already.
Allen Brown must be like doing the June Allison Kuzaski,
but there must be changing his diapers every half hour.
You lose, Allen. Okay. Allen T Brown.
A lot of bad browns lately. You know what? Cleveland Browns. Browny Brown and now Allen T Brown.
I said you're a loser, Allen.
Who has the least off respect? 569 votes. In fact,
you know something that's at Allen T Brown of this pool. You got it, Josh?
Allen T Brown. Because if he had any self respect, he wouldn't be putting a memo out to this
like all these like a janitor and the dry cleaner and people that like are pressing their
brush by their suits over there. He would be sending that out.
That's one thing to go on here and have a little bit of fun with it, but it's another thing.
Too like, like, this is important stuff and like hold the whip over everybody's head.
You will get on this thing and you will crush QIAM. You'll crush them.
Right.
God, just sad.
The least self respect. Colin Powell 110.
Courtney Love 95. I hate this pool 93. I'd like to vote for that.
The QIAM sports staff 81, they won't even stand up for themselves. That's how sad our people are.
I just say, eh, we don't wanna.
Puryselton 81. Matt Fudge 38. Hey, Matt. You're fairy.
So hating, oh, brother. I'll tell you, Dr. Mangola would have had a really good time with her.
Ron Jeremy 33. Jack Abramov 22. Robert Downey Jr. 16.
And the other one we've just put him on your L&T Brown. Downtown.
Allen Brown. Got him. Got him. Good.
56705 60. Stay tuned because I'm gonna read that memo again 20 or 30 more times and the email
address. What a jackass. Okay, let me refresh this. And now how are we doing? You guys still
voting over? You're clicking, clicking.
2106. Look at that. We've come a long way, baby, from a Paltry 1893. Remember 1893?
Not a very good year. 107, 213. Look at the way we're zooming up there, man. Oh, man, it's shocking.
And now the margin is down to 241 from 285. We picked up 44.
Everly, we're telling number 44 for the Cleveland Browns before you were born? No.
No. No. Well, I do. He could carry me to ball. 56705 60.
5560. They've arrived in Singular wireless line. Police apologize and drop the charges
versus Cindy Sheehan and then other broad. Capital police dropped the charge of unlawful conduct
against Andy War activist Cindy Sheehan yesterday and apologized for rejecting her and a congressman's
wife from President Bush and State of the Union address for writing t-shirts with war messages.
I apologize. The officers made a good faith. Yeah, good faith, my ass, but mistaken effort to enforce
an old unwritten interpretation of the prohibitions about demonstrating in the capital,
capital police chief Terence Gainer said in the statement later yesterday.
The policy and procedures were too vague. He added that failure to adequately prepare
the officers' mind, he said. If extraordinary statement came today after police
removed Sheehan and Beverly Young, wife of Representative C. W. Bill Young, Republican of Florida,
from the visitor's gallery Tuesday night. Sheehan was taken away in handcuffs before Bush's arrival
at the capital in charge with Mr. Meener while Young left the gallery and therefore was not arrested
again and see an end last night. They showed a clip of Cindy being led out there and they say,
oh Cindy Sheehan is escorted from the capital. Oh guess what, she was being arrested,
you Jeb, but they didn't put that on there. No. And that's because Mrs. Limbaugh who's on
her right now, she probably was editing the news. Neither guest should have been confronted about
the expressive t-shirts Gainer statement said. Gainer added that he was asking U.S. attorneys or
if it's to drop the charge against Sheehan, the statement also said he apologized to the Youngs
and shared the department's plans for avoiding this in the future. I have a lot of you left
to get a controversial t-shirt or just be silent. A similar message has been left with Ms. Sheehan,
he said. For his part, the Youngs' aid wasn't necessarily satisfied. My wife was humiliated and
told reporters she suggested that sensitivity trading may be in order for capital police.
A foreign-born American citizen with a guest of Representative LC Hastings of Florida was also
taken by police in the gallery just about the House floor. Hastings met with Gainer and said he
also requested meeting with House Speaker Denny Hastings about the incident. I'd like to find out
more information Hastings said. I didn't find the man only is being from Broward County.
He said, constituted of mine, I've invited him proudly said, LC. LC baby.
She and Steve, where we know about the t-shirts, we've been through that yesterday.
But I'll be, but I'm not sure. That said, they apologize, which doesn't cut the mustard.
LC Hastings, we don't know about his buddy from probably a subversive, though. Probably a
Democrat. Well, we're going to, here's the testimony going on about Katrina. He just had a tornado
on her in New Orleans. You see that? No, I didn't. Because God is man. He is man. He wants a chocolate
no-or-ling. Well, maybe he got us through the chocolate. That could be it. And then drink it.
Maybe it's oval-team. I know it's disgusting, but I used to eat oval-team out of the jar with us.
Just nothing about that, man. You just went in there and you're not.
You stick it in there. Yeah, you bet. Oh, God. Nice texture to it.
Just melt right on your tongue. 2358 for the guys over there, the pretenders. 2358.
Let's do the math again. Let's go to the video tape. 2358. His Warner Wolf still alive, by the way.
Nobody knows. 932. 239. Oh, pretty soon it's going to be under 200. It was almost 300 when we started
the choke. And once we get those bots up here, how many we got? I mean,
about 30 or 30. There are going to be certain birds in there like,
like, rapid fire, baby. Even the bush people can't fix the most. This past is we're going to do it.
Oh, maybe they can. So anyway, Alan Brown writes, wouldn't it be interesting to find out who this was
that brought this in and dropped it off for us from over there? I mean, they get fired right away.
Or whoever sent it over. Huh? No need to know. You sure there is. I heard two gods.
I heard two gods saying to this. He walked it right over. He walked it over and left it in
the parents' box. 5670560, pound 560 in the Verizon and singular wireless lawn.
Look at that. There's not a call on the board, man. And they're wondering what because they're all busy
writing their bot. You think? That must be it. That's got to be it. They're on their computers right now.
They're hooking it up because they're going to do us a few of its service. They're proud of QAM.
I mean, you got to have a little bit of pride. Not too much when you work here, but for the beesleaves.
But just a little bit, you got to put your best foot forward. Fight the good fight, right?
Right. Still 244 behind that. They're 234 now. We cut another a bunch.
Oh, boy. They're going to start really jumping the jumping, jumping and jumping.
You'll see you'll be able to smell them all the way across the street.
567 land. What is this for this phone here?
5670560, pound 560 in the Verizon and singular wireless lawn.
Well, they got nothing for their R poll for about having a little self-respect.
I told you it wasn't a good poll. And that says I want to concentrate again on the other one.
I still think that if people, in fact, if you're in an office right now, you can go to somebody else's PC, right?
I don't know how to do it. It might be just like our poll where it's the ISP with one person
devotes in the building that you're locked out. Get out of here. Are you crazy?
Well, that's how ours works. I don't know how theirs works.
If one person votes in the building, you're locked out. Well, how does that possible?
If they got their goyum over there across the street, vote in 10,000 times.
Give me a break. Be voting from home. They're voting from home. I don't think so.
Maybe they're going like into different buildings. Maybe they're taking other people's fooders.
Maybe they're eating cookies over there. Well, that's okay. You have melting pots better than cookies.
No kidding.
Putting some of that sponge cake in that dark, rich strawberry.
What was the raspberry chocolate?
Oh, yeah. And peanut chocolate and milk chocolate and Oreo cookie crumb marshmallow chocolate.
Oh, the Oreo cookie crumbles over to marshmallow.
White vanilla.
White vanilla.
Redo.
Hmm.
Yeah, I don't think the rain making likes the white chocolate.
W2A M. Hello.
W2A M. Hello.
Good morning, you. How are you?
Okay.
Good. I was listening to, to a highlight from Joseph Gacchi about when the UM1.
I heard from Joseph.
Wow. Whatever. I had like a little fart there yesterday.
Well, you sure getting carried away with that?
Let me tell you, compare it to Kermit the frog from the Muppet Show.
It's exactly the same freaking one.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
There you go.
Ever seen together? Same person.
Joseph Gacchi or...
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Old puttin' head.
Or whatever I used to call him.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60,
and the Verizon singular wireless line.
Need to wake this crowd up today.
They're not on top of this like they were on Tuesday.
And that's partially my fault.
We should have kept banging away on it again yesterday, you know?
Just because the other people on this station, we don't line up.
We don't line up.
We won't give enough time to talk about that.
You know that.
We don't wanters and ESC hawks and ESC hawks and the Steers.
And of course, how can you forget about that?
And we love the panthers.
They lost again.
I'm sorry.
I get so emotional when I think about those phony attendance numbers.
Dominic Q.A. Ann, hello?
No, you're confusing me with these polls.
What's one that we on?
What's everyone you like?
Take a poll you like.
The middle one.
Okay. Who loves you more?
Mo or?
Yeah, okay.
WQ I am.
Neil.
Yeah.
I think I got one for your poll.
For no self aspect, yes?
Well, it's a difficult poll, man.
It's not food sighting.
How about Jose Cain Tango, man?
No respect for himself.
Excellent choice.
Wow, standing.
I like it.
Jose Cain Tango, man.
He's a killer.
I ain't killing anybody.
He just kills us with his behavior.
Him and his brother.
Ozzy.
And of course, he never did no steroids except
no, accept all of them when he was alone or with somebody.
No, actually, and then he changes mine.
And not only that, he changes mine after he wrote the book.
First, first, they were great for you.
And they're like, they're like the sports, the tool of the future.
Everyone's gonna be doing it.
And then when they hit the hearings,
oh, I didn't mean that.
I changed my mind.
They're baby bad, you know.
But then he changed back after the after the after the
he changed back to you, go out and buy his book again.
I'm choosing Raffi Palmero.
And I was bad.
Chris, it turned out to be true, but no.
But no.
And then there was Iliana Rosanna.
Oh, Raffi, you're such a credit to the community.
And we have 14 streets named after you.
And all the members of your family.
And he loves that Cuban restaurant like Raffa.
Oh, boy.
What a phony bitch.
Iliana Rosanna, my ass.
How do you do that?
2148, 2364.
That's 216.
Is it possible that the margin is narrowed that much.
Stramatically, how do you like that?
Oh, my God.
Exactly.
Our people are coming through for us today.
Maybe by two o'clock, we're going to be ahead of them.
If it's the last, if I have to like eat about 400 cookies,
you know what I'm saying?
Don't do that.
You know the kind of cookies I like.
I can't think of what they call them.
Peacats, Andy's.
No.
They got like, um, I don't even know.
He like sugar white sugar coating on him.
Like I know what you'd call him.
Sugar my sugar cookies.
No, not sugar cookies, Michael.
No.
Sandy peat me all over the color more.
I don't start with a cookie.
So, okay, I did so many.
I started with a cookie.
I had a nice wood bind day.
I lost two pounds yesterday.
I'm about a 191.
I'm feeling like human again.
You're and the good news is that George has taken.
He has picked up the cudgelman and he's swinging it.
What?
George's Arleazon with clearance, David.
Every this one.
I don't have to listen to all that.
Yeah, me.
Like that.
See why I'm in such a better mood today?
Is that one?
God, it's either that or because I told Dick Stockton how boring you were.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69.
Hey, Luis Miguel, play it, baby.
Like a broke back cowboy.
I'm driving all day long.
And sometimes it's all a whore.
Like a broke back cowboy.
I'm walking kind of funny.
And ain't from sad to slow.
This she faints the only one done all fours.
Like a broke back cowboy.
And I'm going to cut it far.
And tell me how to do back there.
Like a broke back cowboy.
There's a reason why tracks don't cover the dairy here.
Rack them.
I'm on the rain just where.
Like a broke back cowboy.
You fairy.
Rack the bear back.
Okay, so now what's the story you're sending me that?
Because Boca Brian sent me like a whole bunch of stuff.
He sent me to South Park Deal.
Yeah, those are all from me.
What about in the closet?
Hey, Tommy, you fairy.
And the Bloody Mary episode of South Park,
which you probably won't ever see on TV again.
Ever.
Really?
Yeah.
Or the Catholic League got a whole different.
Definitely.
Or the Catholic League.
Not that William Donahue that's got them teeth and that's what he's causing.
He always looks like he's going to fart in your face.
They were out raid evil guy.
Really?
If the Catholic Church is out raid, it's going to be great.
That's extra special.
And if anybody deserves to be out raids,
how would them priest do when ones like,
they're doing fine.
Double do okay.
Let's see how the vote is coming.
I think you're going to be pleasantly surprised here.
I think somebody has hopped on it.
Oh my god, we're down to 200 even.
We picked up almost 100 votes and it's in less than an hour.
An hour of power.
I bet you we've got like some of them bots.
If you're a sports ace, you might have your bots in balls,
especially in the Marlins.
That thick stocked him, man.
That was a hoot. That was pretty funny.
He realizes he stinks.
What? Wait till you hear this.
Okay.
Well, now first I got to do the bad news from Iraq.
I know that's bad because everybody told me we're doing fine.
There is a bomb planted near a tea stand.
I wonder if Joe Caloria was there.
Maybe he was thrown at the tea guy canister
with his life in his stand.
Can you get a tea bag there?
No, but you can go to the tea room right next door.
A bomb planted near a tea stand killed eight men waiting for a day labor,
for day labor. And largely she had area of bag there today.
Six other people died in violence across the country.
So there's let's see eight and six is 14.
A she ate politician tapped as a possible Prime Minister
predicted a new government would be in place by mid March.
The morning attack on the impoverished laborers
and the capital's new bag that area appeared
aimed at further inflaming the sectarian tensions
in this war-ravaged country.
War-ravaged country. Isn't that interesting?
Because before we invaded there and occupied it,
it wasn't war-ravaged at all.
Well, they shouldn't have attacked us.
Where she acts accusations with Sunni Arabs
and reprisal killings in Kenapa, Yalya.
The police said at least eight men were killed more than 50 wounded in the bombing.
Of course, see the wounded is just like a generic term.
We don't know about how many lignas were lost.
How many trees, a plant, a herb, a plant.
All of these, all of these...
All of these tiny parts.
Now this story here is great.
It's about a word.
True.
Yeah, really?
I think I never thought I have a story about the word.
I got that right.
Yeah.
And El Pacino probably never thought we would eat this hoping we didn't.
Because that movie is so bad.
The scent of a woman.
I mean, there's one scene, the courtroom scene.
You know, that's fine. It's good.
The rest of it blows.
My favorite part is where he gets in.
He was in a vet.
I think he's testing a vet or a Porsche or something like that.
And on the streets of New York, and he's blind.
And Chris O'Donnell sitting there with him.
Oh, turn left at about two seconds.
And turn right away. And of course, there's no pedestrians.
There's only ten million people.
So why would there be pedestrians in New York?
But anyway, it's a ridiculous movie.
And it sucks. See, if a blind guy were driving it south- Florida,
we wouldn't think anything of it.
No, of course not.
Because he probably just got his license renewed, like I did in the mail.
But anyway, Al Patino says,
Whoah! about 400 times in a movie.
In the US Army, which has so many acronyms, expressions, and opaque phrases
that it seems to deserve its own language,
there is one word that is quite possibly uttered more than any other.
The word is,
and actually in this story, when I went website, I saw CNN.
It actually tells you how it's pronounced.
Alternatively spelled H-O-A-T-A-H,
all of our thing. It's spelled H-O-O-A-T-A.
Whoah!
Right.
I tend to company command meeting, and you'll hear,
Whoah!
Utterd is often as a 15-year-old says,
like, or you know, head to the Post Exchange and buy a
Whoah Energy Bar, or
Whoah!
Wet wipes, or
Whoah-T-O-Water.
H-O-O-A-H-H-O-A-H-T-O-O-Water.
But I must be a Canadian thing.
It's not just in Iraq, a US Basins around the world.
Whoah!
Seems inseparable, a bit of Army life.
Just don't try to define it.
And definitely don't try to figure out where it comes from.
Now, if you say that on your deathbed,
you say,
Themper-5, first, or you say,
First.
Semper-5.
What do you say first?
Neither.
Oh.
I hear, I hear, they have a new thing they say.
Hey, say that.
All right.
Oh, that's a statement.
Come on.
Just don't try to define it.
And definitely don't try to figure out where it comes from.
I believe it came from Hurrah.
It basically means everything from yes,
and yes, sir, to that's great.
So Captain James Lowe,
Phewik, affairs officer for the 566-regimental combat team,
if you'd use it as a generalized cheer.
It's like Ra-Ra, sis-boom-bye, you know?
Right.
It's one of those multipurpose phrases
when it doubts say,
Whoah!
That doesn't even begin to cover it.
They shout, Whoah!
Oh, they shouted to get motivated.
They whisper when they can hear what something somebody just said.
Whoah!
Whoah means you understood something
or as they properly plough when somebody says,
Thank you.
Thank you.
Whoah!
Like, forget about it.
On the other hand, it may also be used to say,
Thank you.
Or like, Prego.
Prego.
And not that it's spaghetti sauce.
But an Italian, Prego.
And then Dutch, I'll still believe.
It means like, there you go.
In fact, when you're on KLM, when you're flying like that,
I'm sure that I'm, which will be very soon, I'm sure.
Right.
And it gives you the, you know, in business class,
they give you the business.
They give you the kit with the schmata for your feet.
No, the whole deal, you know.
And you thank them.
And I'll still believe.
There you go.
Everything goes on here.
I'll still believe.
Like, the hookers there on the red light district.
I'll still believe.
There it is.
There you go.
I say.
You mean the cash and get out of here.
So anyway, there you go.
There's a story about whoah, which I guarantee you.
There ain't no other educational show in America that's given you the whole.
Whoah's story is there.
Oh, maybe that was a hot boy.
Whoah's story.
You guys are so boring.
And you're so bad.
And you're so bad.
I don't know.
What are, how many of those stupid things on here are a fat boy,
and his boyfriend?
Or the, or probably are from the same two people.
Any of his boyfriend.
Twenty-two-sixty, we've put it under 200.
Scandalists, in less than an hour.
It's that deal, God.
Power.
Man, wait for me to come out with it.
It was Neil got power bars.
Really?
You can put it away.
You can put it away.
You'll be seeing whoah on the throne, huh?
Whoah, what are they going to taste like?
Hmm.
Like, hasn't ever saw.
They're going to taste like curry, man.
I had a, I came back from Woodline last night.
I had an Indian, or an alpaki.
The ones with the turbines are packies, right?
Uh, okay.
Yeah.
I had a paki.
Very good driver, though, like Raymond and Rayman.
He's a very good driver.
But, oh my.
They're the Sikhs.
Wherever they're from, it's not a matter of them.
That's no, man.
Now, I'm not so sure if it was him or just the whole cab,
because he sits in there all day, that had that curry infusion, you know?
Oh, good God.
I thought it was going to swoon.
Maybe they used curry body wash.
That could be it.
WKWA in Hollywood.
How are you?
Okay.
Neil, as far as the huya, uh, ding goes for the military, that huya.
Not huya.
Yes.
It's part of a motivational speech when you got, when you need, you know, a big thought.
Can you not say that right?
Who, uh, say not huya?
Well, yeah, but you kind of read it a little while.
You got to say, we're a little more motivation like huya.
Who, who, who, who, who?
You got to say that right.
It's not huya.
Sir, sir, you weren't in the military.
I was thinking.
I don't care, sir.
I wonder, no wonder they kicked your ass out.
I wasn't in the military.
You'd name right.
I wasn't.
I was too fat.
Thank God for that.
I asked you.
Yes.
Who, who, who, who?
You're daddy.
Now that's what, that was, the way he was saying it.
Who, you're daddy.
That's probably what is asking me.
Not me.
That's one thing I'm not responsible for all this overpopulation.
It's going on.
Always unwanted babies, George.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.50 Q.A.
Don't take my blackberry.
Don't take my blackberry.
It makes the world to me.
I do live in a crystal pool day.
I get my email everywhere I ask.
It's everywhere I tell.
But now my fate is up to one good center.
You're one good center.
I'm gonna be in one hell of a can.
Don't take it away from me.
Don't take it away.
No, no, no.
Don't take my blackberry.
You're gonna keep your damn hands off my blackberry baby.
Don't take my blackberry.
Don't take my blackberry.
I'm driving to a tree.
I use it every single day.
You can check my messages from here to the road.
From here to the road.
You can sit in my car and compose the calls and calls.
Give all my life an order my kid from.
Don't take it away from me.
Don't take it away.
No, don't take my blackberry.
Don't touch it.
Well, I play games like brick-brackers and solitaire.
Night's in my underwear.
Baby.
No, the cold could ever replace my blackberry.
It's him and me, boy.
I'm on it constantly.
Don't take my blackberry.
I'm driving my crackberry.
I'm on it increasingly.
I'm on worse than a fast-draggy.
Don't take it away from me.
Don't take it away.
I cry like a small baby.
Don't take it away.
Don't take my blackberry.
I cry like a small baby.
I cry like a small baby.
Well, look at the way that gap is closing.
You don't need to calculate it or finger that out.
No, it's big enough to finger it out.
She takes the finger and up.
Anyway.
Yeah.
What?
Can he build it out or what?
I just sent you a super secret message.
Oh, on what?
Total paper.
Oh, thanks is coming.
Double extra total.
This is going to be exciting.
2299 for us.
It's almost 2324-27.
We're only 128 votes behind.
We're closing that gap just like a front runner.
Just like Amy Chief at Northfield Downs with Jim Irmeram and Juniu driving.
Fading in the stretch after opening up about a 16-length lead.
Fading and puking and gasping for oxygen.
Oh, yeah.
Here, I'm reaching back.
Don't say it on the air.
Oh, my God.
Of course I'm not going to say that.
Wow.
There you go.
Man.
I'm squeezing it.
Take to what I say.
Lockbacks, too.
Huh?
Oh, I knew I was my first life shot.
That's what I thought.
Like that.
And then I thought, again, or who ya?
I like that guy.
See, no wonder they kicked his ass out of the military.
He came and say it right.
I thought him the military was who raw, anyway.
Ah, I don't wonder they wanted to take you off the payroll.
Five, six.
The A-list, and I'm going to bad for you, man.
I sure hope you appreciate my efforts.
I don't, I have no idea why.
I mean, you do a fine job for us.
But it's just, you know, it just pisses me off the way they treat everybody.
Anybody associated with us, they treat like crap.
Yeah.
And a clearance lies and lies.
Oh, yeah.
Even your range, guys.
Well, let me ask you a question, Mr. Cortis.
That's me.
Engineering department.
Do they, do they work for Power 96?
They do.
They work for kids.
They do.
They work for QAA.
And that's how I checked.
All of these things.
The receptionists, they work for Power 96.
Yes, they do.
They work for QAA.
Uh-huh.
All of these things.
How do you like that?
So this story about what you can't be on both.
Very yummy.
Yama mama.
Yama mama so sucks in Newark.
Give me a freaking break.
You know, they start messing with our people.
That's when I really take exception.
Whenever when when when focus pulls come on there and when people are like emailing desperately,
everybody that ever like was in their building within a two mile radius.
And that's the reason we're like striking back today.
And plus the rest of our people and we don't line.
The rest of our people like, you know, they just bend over really.
How much all those guys are like using soap still?
When you think so.
All our sports people.
Soap chips.
We're only a hundred and seven votes behind.
Well, I'll tell you it's going to be a real ugly moment for Alan Brown,
for Old Downtown Alan Brown.
Well, we pass them like they're standing.
So we're only a hundred and four hundred and four votes behind.
Look at that Greg co-test.
Of course, he can't because he's there in Detroit.
So I'm sure he's not sitting there like you know, tagging late and calculating,
which is bad news for him.
So thanks to whoever brought.
I think Joe Rose sent that the email in by the way, Alan.
He hates.
The room where I'm here to see.
He hates Alan Brown almost as much as he hates Josh Feinberg.
He's your old Feinberg.
Whatever's name it.
Got Josh on the mind.
Let's see.
German says nobody has less self respect than the Democrats.
That's an excellent one for our poll today.
The Democrats have no self respect except for our boy Howie.
Let's get that around.
It says Democrats love to Republicans.
Dump all of them.
Say this is crap.
All over them time and time again.
Then say thank you.
A peasy and gutless wonder is, hey German, you are absolutely correct.
It says I drove to Orlando yesterday.
Can't wait to lose the signal.
Many of you says you guys have a great signal all the way to Orlando.
How do you like that?
Some days.
Holy moly rat man.
There's one thing I'd like to do is get all the way to Orlando.
Yeah, that one.
Certainly not the city.
Oh, air stuff.
They're gone.
Have a few lunches on the same day.
5670560 remember in the offensive when he says.
He says we can have a few meals.
Whatever down the always he's great.
He's also.
But beside he's got a wife though.
Does he?
What's it?
What do you mean by picture these things?
Well, I don't know.
They're like all the types of two of them.
Maybe you're a smokey and abandoned smokey and a visit.
Smokey and a visit.
I was at him or James Coco that tried it.
It was Don Deluis.
He's trying to pick up that cute waiter in the restaurant.
Yeah.
100 and oh no.
100 my ass.
91 vote.
Separate.
And close.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
My heart.
My heart.
My heart.
Oh...
Oh what are we gonna say now?
We're blue, the lead baby.
It's like having a really picture that can't close it.
Yeah.
That's what I'm thinking.
Those guys just can't close it.
So many Q and A.
Hi Neil.
Yes, sir.
I would say something about how about outcharping for um,
uh... a new respect for himself first
i was just a week
i don't know i just want to get out of here
he's a black guy and i'm in a car like a bullcrap but then there are other
times you open to the mouth and she's about to only one howardine you want to
involve the same the case sell out
there you go well not always
committee qlm hello
yet so the deal is that one or both of them you were speaking earlier
that's one of the video tape with one of the world yes
he's alive and well in the new york city still on the radio
busy
i don't know that he's ever honestly report the sport story in the last
fifteen years now he doesn't just say let's go to the video tape which when
you're on radio is very effective you know
and what i'll tell you having been on radio myself i can tell you that
my program director would try to slay me what i would go to the video tape
yeah you would never really want to do it
why not
you know
the reason you said me let me come on you're smart guy you know not i was so
smart i'm working for this outfit
well hey i mean come on you're living in a great apartment somewhere far away
you got a great life you get a lot of questions about that man if a word for
qa in my life would be perfect trust me
listen let me tell you any man who gets to work in his underwear from home and
get the money that you get
how come in the guy exactly i'm a genius like i said listen how do you work
you want to tell us you're going to remain in time right now i work
i work with you be 93 fantastic FM Harrisburg Pennsylvania all right and these days
our work is a judge in the city of New York
although i'm running to see if New York right now yeah i'll be damned
uh... the second thing i want to know you didn't think that you're not a
guy that sent out goldstein to alcatraz or i mean to like
for a record although i've let out gold in a number of times because i'm a
cigar smoker and uh... alan i are kind of brothers of the leaf
and i'm a fat you
are you a fat you
that i am in here too i'm a
i'll tell you if you're a fat you then you and i'll have something in common
i know how very well trust me i don't i don't like to refer to myself as a
fat you but i'll tell you a great story yes i was it really family the bull
grovano one day uh... he had been in the newspaper the new york post the day
before and they described him uh... as the stocky
dick grovano and i said to him a you know
semi
he described the stocky really not so bad and he said
and then walked in he said maybe stocky's good for you
he said look at your belly he said stocky's no good for me
so i
you know but you don't really want to cross the mcbook
i should have told them by the way the word is perfect anyway
the other thing i want to tell you with respect to uh... sent of a woman
yet having worked in brooklyn for many years i can tell you that the
true uh...
hey nil who are you know i think that you adopt that term all of your
callers will start using it when they call just a
real not now what about the streets in brooklyn their empty is your sin
there they are and when that film was made now that is in dust real
brooklyn and that's for you you're right
down under the Manhattan bridge they refer to that as done well
and at the time that that film was made those streets work indeed
entirely that i would think so yeah i mean there's major renovations going
down uh... going on down there now and people are beginning to live there is
becoming a very residential area but back then those old couple stone streets of
brooklyn
empty as anything well i'm sure that uh... alphanino driving in the sunrise right now
with the same shades of i got my eyes closed and i'm driving right down
university and it's perfect perfect fit in like a rubber glove okay thanks a
lot your honor all right brother be well here's a judge man you got to have
respect it's really good respect your honor thanks a lot of your name is a
leader i never i never like that i like to do say to the judge at the end of a
trial especially if you want of course thank you judge uh... thank you your honor
sound like so much more dignified right this guy sounded like a real man
anyway good fat Jewish boy from uh... brooklyn where he's from
okay how's the poll come into idea uh... refresh it because this could be a
little shock to my system now i can have a uh... part attack
what the oh no
the next time that we report after this very brief break we could actually be
in the lead alim tea downtown brown busy male addresses eight brown at seven
ninety the ticket dot com released a probably used to be they know more
uh...
isn't that a hoot is not a who i
let's see let me get twenty four twenty two behind and i i guarantee right now
i'm gonna go out of the limit i will bet you a fat boy and uh... liles life on
it
that and what will be in the lead
this is new rogers
miss is five sixty two eight
we got the
you're looking for more you know first there with the games go go die
everybody look at me
but now there's a new diet that guarantees you'll lose one
pounder more in nine years or less or your money back
it's the alchartin strike diet
or what or what you got to do is look for something to be busy
all for your back that you get to see
staff your feet and hold a chicken there to your mouth by
grunting
i'll use it you
just about now
so try the new alchartin strike diet and with every pound you lose
i will personally resize your
range
it's uh...
it's the seven forty five
at qa
critical phase in a ryan standoff is at a ryan or i ran as fast as i can
we're ahead by the way to pull take that alim tea brown
you know
you're very
the international atomic energy agencies board of governors is debating whether
report a ryan or the u.n. security councilman
threats by the islamic state to start enriching your range of its nuclear
activities are sent to the council oh my god
there's a disagreement among board members whether to report the arrangement is
you now the security council or at a later stage i.e. a
directed general my ham and al baraday said
al baraday said all the members agree that the u.n. security council should not
take any actions mainly impose any sanctions until al baraday presents his
report on a ryan's nuclear program to the board in march
matter of the stock and loves this show and for spite the fact that he knows
that the uh... he knows i know
if the referrals delayed till next month it can help bolster the opportunity for
negotiations to get a ryan to hold its nuclear activities al baraday said that
moves to report a ryan to the one security council
not a crisis but a window of opportunity in resolving the standoff a window of
opportunity that's a phrase kind of like you know person of interest
right don't you love that one
lot we are reaching a critical phase but it is not no way a crisis situation
told reporters earlier iran's i a a ambassador a told cnn's vecky Anderson was
a real bubble hit in a simple to not obnoxious she's almost as bad as richard
quest she uh... told a vecky that if his country's referred to the council
it'll begin large-scale enrichment of your arrangement if nuclear facility in
not tans so don't the pisses off we're going to start like newkendet
and dukendet and then the Israelis and the Iranians and but a bit but about
it to be like anyone have armor getting and we can all cope together and the
jews are all going to burn in hell and the glamour all going to go a lot
whatever and the muslims are going to be doing the virgins all it'll be great
it'll be a much higher shall i refresh this thing because it seems like we
passed them like they're in slummo i mean they've been obviously tapping out a
lot of phone evokes which i've pisses me off
which of the big two stays in your prefer for sports radio we started almost
300 votes down when we find when i decided to get back on this see when i make
up my mind we don't fail don't understand what he says i'm saying screw them
screw Alan Browne Al and your mama
w2m 2556 790 the ticket 790 the ticket 2530 we got it by 26 votes and pulling away
like secretary in the bellmont like a big machine
mind like a good machine as uh... chick Anderson would say when he was shaving
you croak chick Anderson was shaven one morning great racon out race color
before they've done some which means he must have a long time ago and anyway he
croaked he was shaven that's not a good idea we have a sharp object in your hand
right five six seven of course when you have a dull object in your hand five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty and even rising in singular wireless line
to a plug that line up or not i don't know if we're going to make
men their offenses with these sports words we don't want to huh
gildey two to four in a most lot when we're gonna like do something about that
but what about that most lot
up he's got a bigger king is this correct he's got Peter King again
from three to three thirty i have one question about that okay
i don't want to stick my nose in the sport that's about what do you know about
that's right mad dog it's smoky bones and four lot of day four to seven
hurry can't hotline and Bernie kosher a steakhouse seven nine because the
beast is up there in Detroit walking around on twelfth street in the dark
jozy is going to do the a nine to ten hour Bernie kosher a steakhouse that should
be really just a guy can suck okay okay exciting and then
educate to do no ball games no hockey game no one nothing
no bachi ball nothing going on no chess tournaments
no poker oh thank god that celebrity poker thing is dying out not that i ever
watched it but it just you embarrass to be a human being when you like channel
surfing you see a bunch of guys playing cards yeah whatever
night next will be having old made tournaments on look and some right all
the same surprise lake sunny wqa and hello
hello cute yes sir good morning you when is the i just wonder if you had heard
about defeating show on uh wio g on Saturday morning
yeah we heard it and then he's got a face for radio he does he has a
white and that just takes your studio to make it okay thanks thanks for the
people attempt yeah somebody told us about that's old news in the
feedies uh the schmutz you looking you know they like like that one bit says they
have the amazing things called razors you know and body watch i can't
imagine him to see if he had so good be dangerous because he can never
bend down to pick it up he makes hank look like a little miss muffet jim
defeating good god he's on the move you saw him right
yeah i saw him oh my god i'm telling you it's
buddy nevans with a bicycle pump stuck up and he just kept
ballooning and ballooning all of a sudden they almost burst his gun actually hangs
down below his knees oh my god he is a monster in the
euronistic vines that's what parisulten said
2608 25 36 were hit by 72 votes we are going to leave them in the sawdust
we're going to leave them so far in a rears that it will and you know something
joros thanks jor for uh bringing this uh sending over this thing to us
see because jor would know where to leave it and if jor came over and i mean nobody
would keep him out of the building right we love joros that's right
it's like we like to have him back joros two to four how's that sound
about our ride little dog little dog filed by the mad dog
dog somebody q a m hello me oh yes sir i just wanted to say a few things about our
lovely president and go right ahead hopefully the uh dream police won't come
uh he really is a communist
no he's a fascist really i mean he goes that night
with the uh oh oh is this
no more get out of the floor i wonder how long he rehearsed that
giving him a fact to set over for a week and and wouldn't that good that the
police to siren sound effect that was really very impressive
yeah
of course
oh no listen i wait a minute you don't understand oh yeah i
just no you don't you're uh
just stop and think about this if he wasn't calling us with that
shmit if he wasn't honest with that no no that was that was gonna say
swill and it turned into like good but anyway
driving he'd be out there doing something i'm sure it's
coming dangerous on his way now right so it's good that he was on a phone
just like all those people who were tapping out the two or three people always
because you know, phony emails, it's good, it keeps them busy.
We're ahead by 90 votes, 26, 30, 25, 40, and they're like,
because that's all they got anyway.
That's their whole audience and their staff voted 10 times
and then the people across the street.
Now let me ask you, because I haven't really paid any attention.
The Jefferson pilot building that used to be 790 Waxi
and then it was whatever it is now.
The Dennis Collins Memorial Law.
The was the road here?
Yeah, where exactly is it?
Just on the other side, right?
On the other side, there's just a few blocks north of us.
Yeah, but that's what I'm asking.
A few blocks, but I mean, like south of County Line Road.
Yeah.
Wow.
Very close.
Very close.
Man, like close it up to throw like a,
it would pop up through the window.
A downwind spit.
Woo!
Good, golly Miss Molly.
Well, there they are.
And of course, they probably, probably somebody like,
I told you, you wanted to know where this came from.
Joe Rose sneaked down early this morning on his way to work.
And he dropped that off.
Because that's definitely his printing on there.
Says Neil and Georgia came upon this email,
thought of might amuse you, signed Joe Rose, aka a friend.
Might be from Joe, you think?
He hated Joe Fembre.
Oh my God, this spot.
And Alan Brown, forget about it.
Brownie Brown?
Man, he'd like to turn him brown.
WDQYM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
All right.
I think I, what are roles was still alive
in December when I was up in New York?
I don't know about that.
How did it come before from a Harrisburg told me
the whole Warner Rural story?
Still a year and he's still going to the videotape, right?
Right on, I just missed that.
I wanted to bring up and following that great call just now,
talking about the domestic surveillance
and just a bush was just, I mean, going on
for the state of the union.
You just stop and think about able danger.
You remember what that is, right?
Yeah.
I mean, they actually had information.
I mean, it's just such a hypocrisy that they want
to talk about domestic surveillance when they were doing it back
then had the people and they shut them down.
They didn't want them to be found.
Of course they don't.
Look, look, when you're in business with people
and they're doing evil things, you don't want
your business partners to be found, right?
You're right.
Neil 911 was an inside job, brother.
I'm buying it later.
And they're selling it, I believe it.
Bush isn't Bin Laden's, baby.
Them and the burlaskoni.
It's the bee boys.
Burlaskoni.
Bush and Bin Laden.
You remember Mickey Danes to say, who's with the bee?
Bush?
Bin Laden and the burlaskoni.
Burlaskoni, that sounds so much schmalsier though.
It's had a tiny thing in.
Silvio burlaskoni.
Sounds so, you almost want to dance to it.
I got to be honest with you when I, this sounds ridiculous,
but when I was watching that standing in the shadows
of love two nights ago.
Yeah.
And Joan Osborne was doing what becomes of the broken heart.
You just get so into that.
And all I was almost wanting to cry.
I mean, it's so fabulous just watching that whole thing.
That's obviously really enjoys the song.
Yeah.
Oh, they were not just trouble, but I mean,
the funk brothers, the music.
And see, I know it sounds stupid to say it.
But the reason that it all sounds like the original,
that at least the music is because it is.
Yeah.
It's just like identical.
See, I'm not one of those people that's big into like
live concert albums, stuff like that.
I want to hear the songs in the way they sounded originally
and they hit record.
I call it commercial or music free, but I am.
But all of these with great artists, and except for...
Tuck up on.
But other than that, man, I'm telling you,
you people, if you watch it, so you got crashed to watch this weekend,
which George says is excellent thing.
See, and standing in the shadows of Motown,
which I guarantee you, if you've got any taste in music or a life,
for just a little, it'll crank your chain.
Am I right?
Yes, it will.
You'll be going around all weekend, going over again.
You'll be singing all in songs, you'll be tapping your toes,
and picking your nose.
Okay, now let's see.
I had to, oh, I want to go back to that thing again.
I don't want to keep harping on that,
but we need to keep these people
because you know what they're going to be doing over there
as soon as I go off the air,
because our people sure aren't going to be above.
We're not going to do this.
We're not going to get into what
we're being contested with, always guys.
We're just going to ignore them, yet right.
See, the thing that pissed me off about that is,
because it gives them exactly what they want.
When people see something in the newspaper,
even as bogus as this deal is, they believe it.
That's their whole concept over there.
They want to create this phony image that, oh man,
they're kicking our ass and they're like,
it's right, you can't even kick your own ass
over there for Christ's sake.
You ought to hear what Mark Eisenberg says
about O.J. McDuffie, man.
You can't even say it on the air.
2684, 2546, only 138 votes ahead of them.
We need to really crank it up now.
All you folks out there.
Now we need to put the pedal to your metal.
Who, that's it?
5,6, 7, 7, 8, 7, 8,
did I ever get through the schedule or not?
Oh yeah, I did.
I never know, because I'm not too keen on that no more.
Because we don't want this, is the new Roger.
Next is 5.16, QA.
It's more hot today, and this portion
of the new Roger's in 12th, oh and how it is brought to you
by the Legend 12,
12 to 4 5,6, 7, 8, 5, 11, 12,
the slices of pizza.
Oh, for me!
And the top top top top top top top,
the good boys.
Oh!
You fairly high-like Google Fishy inside the shower store.
Slip side and I go fishing and slapper off the wall.
I went over the top, and I do a little bit of a little bit of a little bit.
But I was too small, my tiny tail was all the way here.
Why do you keep going so late?
When a little shower starts my way, I like a golden shower.
And squirt, sprint, and spray.
I'm taking a golden shower.
I like a golden shower.
I use the pickled downpiri before I start to scrub.
I rinse off my wee wee with a pair of Rupa Gros.
Don't be like my toes, they say beer is already warm.
I have a towel to clean the room.
When I paint myself in my own,
I want to choke last night,
but I hate to shower,
but I hate to shower, but I hate to shower.
I like a golden shower.
I like a golden shower.
I like a golden shower.
You're looking for glory holes,
trouble one at five sixty,
WKC, WKC, QAM.
Maybe Ricky Martin's got a couple of glory holes in his shower at home, you know?
I kind of bored it.
A few.
497 votes ahead of the other guys.
That's a 701.
That's a good place.
So there you go, Alan Brown.
And of course it was this intercepted memo.
That's what otherwise I did just forgot about it.
Just forget about it.
I don't want it.
If this is what motivated me to hop on top of this deal again,
just jam it down.
This guy sits as a schmuck.
Just looking at the way this thing is worth it.
Oh gee, let's crush QA.
I mean, crush this, okay?
Crush your head.
I think I had it.
Yeah.
I put it in a vice.
I put it in the old Miami vice, Alan Brown.
So you want to think about the consultants, man.
They're all A-holes.
I've never known any consultant.
Ever.
Now I take that back.
Rich Sklar was the only one who's good at gun.
That's because he loved me.
Remember Rich Sklar?
No.
You know, from WABC in New York, man, he was a big fan of mine.
I could have done there two different times, but he kept telling me,
well, and of course it's all union up there.
And he couldn't get me enough hours to make the same money I was making in Florida.
Well, how would that?
You know, because it cost about three times as much to live in New York.
Yeah, but you would have been on WABC.
Yeah, yeah, big deal.
What a bunch of New Yorkers.
Who cares?
Why would you want to be on the radio in New York when you can be on QAM?
Anyway, Rich Sklar is dead.
I'm not really sure, but boy, he just loved me.
See, all the people, all the wrong people like Dick Stockton and Leslie Visor
and Brent Mausberger, they all the wrong people love me.
How about some, you know, been on the year?
How many years now?
About 30, man.
This market.
I wouldn't have been there.
I keep saying this every year and hopes that some old bag.
I mean, some nice lady will, you know, croak and leave me like $10 million
or something that will happen to all the 300 payment I gave.
That's right.
But it ain't happened yet.
Of course, they could just leave a check with you and I'm sure we'd get back up here.
Right?
I'll give you a piece.
Yeah.
A piece for the Reddozer brothers or whatever their name was.
Remember that?
Remember the scene where he's eating the birthday cake up on the roof there in Havana?
Yeah.
We got to show everything.
Well, Vegas to learn it.
I'm going to learn a casino business pop on the protection of Don Francisco on a West Coast.
Oh, that, that, that, I'm serious.
That movie is just too good to be true.
All of them.
Even the third one had its moments.
Most of them embarrassing, but nevertheless, 27.92, 25.64 looks to me like we pulled 228 votes ahead.
Yeah, we pulled it.
My God, this audience is on top of it.
They are just smoking.
In fact, if you open up your windows, forget about Howard Beard.
You can hear the sounds of people yelling,
all over South Florida, man.
By the way, who are you?
I'm Fokobreins says that Rick Svlar died in 1982 from an A.
82.
Yeah, from an A.
And I didn't hear what he says.
1982?
Right?
I don't think so.
Where the hell would I have been in 1982?
Double just news.
Yeah, I guess not.
I don't know.
Where did he find that?
Are you Google it?
I don't know.
He knows these things.
S-K-L-A-R, you Google it.
Rick Svlar, I don't believe that.
I'll all could have been back in my WS News days that he was, uh, yeah, possible.
He was a good guy.
Rick Svlar, he was the consultant for, um, cap cities that used to own WAVC.
And then, of course, Disney, ooh.
92.
Type-O, brother.
92.
I told you, I told you, uh, us chicken act 82, my ass.
Or his Allen Brown says 86, my ass.
And that's exactly what we're doing now.
You're done.
You're finito.
You can send out all the emails you want.
By the way, if you like the email, I'll Allen Brown say, hey loser, you guys are losing.
A Brown at 790TheTicket.com.
I'd like to have, like, several emails from our close personal friends like...
And some of the others too.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, they were quite a quick thumb.
I just want to refresh it one more time.
I want to see who's going to get to 3000 first.
Who do you think it'll be?
We got 2827.
We're almost 300 votes.
I had.
Boy, Allen, you didn't know the way you were up against.
What you started when you started putting that B in my bonnet.
In fact, I'm even putting some blue bonnet on it.
You don't eat margarine, do you, I hope?
No, sir, real butter.
Thank you very much.
That's it.
Real butter or get some of that makefully butter.
Any of that is better than margarine.
I think margarine's got trans fats, don't it?
Yes, it does.
Ooh, fat.
Why does that offer those trans fats?
And those trans fats?
Q-I-M-L-O.
Not there on two, I don't think.
Not there.
W-D-Q-A-M-HLO.
Not there on one.
Mark that one down.
Maybe that's unusual.
W-D-Q-A-M-HLO.
You know, I happen to be in the office when Moe was renegotiating his contract.
Yeah.
And I turned on my voice recorder.
You want to hear some of it?
Go ahead.
Okay.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
I think that's the guy with the cop cars, sound effects.
Oh, is it really?
Wow, man, he's looking.
He's got a whole lot more in his sack.
That's great.
There's a whole lot more in there.
I'm sure by the end of the day we'll have like a whole lot more in his sack.
And odds are one of them will be funny.
Well, so far, I ain't the doomed.
Well, that was like an improvement over the other one.
Or that police star.
Now we've all done the right direction.
Now I'll tell you who this guy is.
I think it's the gargler.
Okay.
You know why I say that?
Why do you say that?
Because the rare times that he, you know, he's finally getting the message.
And every time he does that, now I dump it.
So it doesn't get on the air.
And he has, he has such a desperate need to be on the air.
That he had to come up with a different stick.
And I would say it's equally as amusing.
Now the gargling was funny about for the first 20 years, you know.
They're talking about that.
That's the one you don't know who the gargling is.
Yeah, though it's a younger sounding voice, I think, is the gargling.
No.
I don't think it's that guy though.
Oh.
WQ, where am?
Hello.
Yeah, how's it going?
All right.
I love you show me.
No, come here.
You can go to the store.
Yeah, I do a lot of these governor solutions to our education program down here.
Yeah, he's cutting the money.
Yeah.
No, he's not giving all the teachers a laptop.
Isn't that great?
Yeah, he's cutting the money too and dating Howard.
I got that story in my pile if I ever get to it.
I got a lot of good stuff here.
And how you, yeah, governor's budget was Howard and David at the bottom of the
Maryland school spending.
Isn't it nice?
Hey, fat ass governor, your mama, okay?
And by the way, your daughter too.
She's a real rift snorter.
WQ, why am hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, good afternoon.
I was trying to determine if it's Luanne's grew in or is it the other one that's the real pain in the focus?
What does that mean?
Well, there's one other one.
He always call it like a...
He's ancient history, man.
The school ran.
She's long gone.
She got the ex.
But then who's the other one that's the noji now that female you talk about?
Wog the water Nazi?
Yes, yes.
Yeah.
Don't mess with my log.
What's your name?
Yeah.
Her name is your mama.
Well, this guy writing a book.
He must be writing history of a modern day history of Q&A.
Good God.
What's her name?
What's this one's name?
What's her home address?
What's her email?
Maybe it's for his blog.
Yeah.
Maybe he knows the Lyle.
Five is probably his boyfriend.
Five...
I got to get into my pile speaking of the lines.
And Kyle.
Let me just be fresh one more time because I think we're getting close to 3,000 on a Q&A side.
What's the...
This is a very scientific poll in the Herald now.
Now that we're getting the real... the MS.
Which of the big two states in you prefer for sports radio?
WQAM 2858.
2858.
And 790 to ticket has got 200582.
So we are almost 300 ahead.
Let's see, 24, 276.
Well, I'm good at the math, man.
I'm good at those numbers.
Good at the numbers.
Tons of Tony Phil predicts he saw his shadow.
It was hard to find a complainer in the crowd at Galburys, nob, Pennsylvania.
You ever been at Galburys, nob?
No, thank you.
I've been to Rocky Nob.
Where the morning temperature was well above freezing and the ground.
Well, you know, Wayne Gretzky, he liked to powder his nob.
Yeah.
Did he have a Rocky Nob?
Where the morning temperature was well above freezing and the groundhog day high was expected 48 degrees.
Here it's the second of February in Puncts and Tony, Pennsylvania.
It's such a stupid thing they do, and you know the way they shut the...
How long is this one?
I guess if I read the story, we'll find out.
I mean, how many years is this Puncts and Tony Phil?
How long does a groundhog live anyway?
Geez, I don't know.
Hey, well, I can't be the same freaking groundhog.
There were a few booze at the Groundhog's prediction six more weeks of winter,
but most of the hundreds of revelers instead turned the event into an impromptu pitch for your Steelers rally.
Oh, six more weeks of winter, I thought he said it was going to be a mild winter.
Fans and football jerseys saying, here we go Steelers.
Here we go Steelers.
Here we go, which is pathetic.
And members of the Pumps of Johnny Groundhog clubs intercircally top-hat and pexito-wearing,
groundhog business thing responsible for carrying on the Groundhog prediction year through
black and gold Steelers terrible towels as they waited to rouse fill from his burl.
All we need now is myring cope and bring back Bob Prince.
Dig him up.
Bob Prince had something to, I think it was the green weenie, if I'm not mistaken.
It's probably what he died from.
I actually did.
It was a thing for the Pirates.
I believe it was, I'm not sure which year it was, it was it's 60 or 71,
because they went to the series three times.
They won all three of them.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
I believe it was the red door.
That's right, I'm going to miss it.
That's right, I'm going to miss it.
I'm going to miss it.
I'm going to miss it.
I've cashed my check and bought a toy.
I've got a toy.
Oh, I've got a toy.
Oh, I've got a toy.
Oh, I've got a toy.
Oh, I've got a toy.
Oh, I've got a toy.
Oh, I've got a toy.
Oh, I've got a toy.
Oh, I've got a toy.
Oh, I've got a toy.
Oh, I've got a toy.
Oh, I've got a toy.
Oh, I've got a toy.
That shouldn't be the poker.
It's just organized.
I put barcoes on my baggy, jagged pants.
I may have one vein in the grave and I got stuck by my own Peter.
But yours, you're going to miss me.
Now that poker can't miss me.
But you're sure going to miss me.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
It's 12.19.
We got to do a quick poll on that, you know.
Did they miss the molemyster or not?
I see.
Well, I mean, I don't know.
I mean, because what we got on now is like we've all been doled from all we got to build in.
What do we got tomorrow?
More care.
What can they compare it to then?
Do you miss them as opposed to any of the other guys or what?
How you going to do that?
I don't know.
Do you miss them more than what?
I miss them more than death.
I'm old enough.
How about you, you miss them?
No.
That's because you're in the blood of a song.
But you know, I didn't hear you ever saw.
I remember that time when you were in the first office and you guys were singing dirty jokes and bonding and slapping each other on the ass and listening and high-fiving and low-fiving and every once in a while we would, you know,
I've seen him in the early days in the hall, but you know, I never listened to the show so I don't miss him.
Well, that's bad.
That's personal.
See, I'm not asking on a personal level.
A personal, you know, I don't listen to any of the rest of the state.
Absolutely as personal.
What do you say?
I don't listen to any of the rest of the state.
You're hated them.
Just because he tried to get your ass fired and said you were stupid.
Yeah, well, he had a point.
Well, look who we work for, okay?
Joyce, keep in mind we do work for Joyce.
I mean, you know, some of the other people, well, I know what he said.
Here's a problem with George.
Yeah, he's stupid.
Oh, I see.
It's one of my problems.
3,019 votes for you.
Are we kicking their fat ass or what?
Uh-huh.
Man.
3,019 our audience is really coming through true and blue.
You never thought they would do it, did you?
Oh, of course I thought we are kicking their ugly smelly nasty Alan Brown ass.
And there's nothing worse than an Alan ass.
3,019 to 2016.
It sounds like 400 and 3 vote lead for us and pulling away.
So you're increasing it.
Even the die-bowl people.
Oh, I don't know.
It's easy for me to say that, but look what happened on Tuesday.
The same time when Alan Brown, downtown Alan Brown,
put up this memory of desperation and they started creeping all over the place.
They set out all their memories to everybody in the yellow pages, the white pages,
the blue pages, the gray-and-pages.
Yeah, how's that Christian wrestling coming by the way?
Can we look that up in the Christian yellow pages?
Okay.
Yeah.
Christian, how about the Christian white pages?
How about the satanic yellow pages?
Oh, I love those.
Those are my favorite.
Maryland Mansons on every page.
5,670560.
Can I see if they'd be more worried about Charles Manson and Maryland Manson,
then maybe they'd be on to something.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
I just tuned in.
Tell me the truth.
Is Moe really gone?
What do you mean by that?
Maybe I've just heard different pieces than I thought I heard.
Where have you been?
Most of them are off.
He's been eight to them and they paid him to go away.
He had two more slifes than his viewers and my body.
Yes, yes.
Yes, yes, yes.
Okay, there's our first response to our toll question about...
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Yes.
Oh my God, it sounded to me like he was, uh,
Yes, it did sound like that.
Impeling his body parts with the sling head.
Good, Galley.
We don't think they say it the fool fits.
So maybe we should take like an instant pull.
Let's not do that.
That would be like rubbing salt and mose wound.
And especially when Dick Stockton was ripping him this one.
He didn't actually say it, but if you could tell, you know,
hates him like poison.
Man, he was just chuckling and churling about mose muskrat.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
I got it.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
This is not what that means.
This five, this five, 60 Q-A-M?
Five, 60 Q-A-M, the, uh, the place, the place for stake.
All right, well, I've been trying to get in touch with Neil.
Speaking.
Neil.
Yep.
Oh, dude, you got to do, I do me a favor.
You got to play that, um, uh, Jim Mandage, uh, uh, uh,
all right, uh, when he does the coverage of, uh, the, the strong.
Well, there's, uh, let's see, I'm not sure what is Mandage Part 1 or Mandage Part 2.
But I don't, well, if I haven't heard Part 2, I'd say how about, I'll vote.
You haven't heard Part 2?
You wanted more, and you got it.
The mad dog is bad singing for 2-L on the banded scene.
Volume 2.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Over.
Number 18 is back pairing up with the great singing more, and his,
which even more, he starts.
The mad dog does them all.
Baby, everything, oh, yeah, I'll remember it all for all.
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
You made it to the top!
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
It's an all new British invasion,
with the mad dog singing like a man.
I like it!
I like it!
I like it!
The truth is finally out that Jim Mandage was truly the fifth people.
Yeah, I get it in love and he's getting in love!
Hey!
If you wanna look to life,
if it's a purpose to be,
now you're hitched to stay,
you'll always be safe,
you're gonna be alright!
Oh, right!
Here's the mad dog's tender and touching tribute to the king.
He's this!
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
He's that's a rat!
Oh, right!
He's the mad dog with just a little ambivalent,
when we asked Timothy why did he do it again?
Not yet.
I don't think so.
So, we had Luciferatzy pay him a little visit
until either his brains or his signature would wind up on the contract.
That's some of the pictures cute.
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
And it's sick!
But you do!
Available now if you move quickly!
Available!
Available!
Available!
Available!
Available!
Available!
I think every season is tightening up.
Only 514 votes.
A head.
But today, unlike Tuesday now,
we can't afford to do a slack off at two o'clock, am I saying?
What do you say?
We need to keep these people on it.
Oh, that's what they do across the street.
They just wait till I go off the air,
and then all of a sudden they're all in there.
Oh, you got it, you know.
Like it really means something.
You know, the only reason I'm doing it,
like I said, is to piss off Alan T. Brown.
The Vice President of Communications for Sports Talk,
790 to Ticket across the street.
The bunch of pretenders, the guys who are leasing
the radio station because they got a couple of guys
who got bridge standings.
500 votes ahead, that's pretty scary.
27 past noon at 560 WDQYM,
the Emerald Coast continues to be
Florida's number one Asian gourmet buffet
as rated by Zagat and Burraster on Review.
And now every Friday through Sunday,
at the Emerald Coast, you can enjoy
lobster fest featuring delicious,
main lobster served thermidor style.
And every night at the Emerald Coast's
crab fest with lask and snow crab legs,
dungeonous crab and Jonah Stone crabs,
the menu still includes fresh oysters on a half cell
and an amazing sushi bar with over 30.
Not 30, man.
Yeah.
Oh, geez.
Us H.
Different items.
The Emerald Coast also served New York's
steak, juicy and delicious food ordering.
And I imagine that I expired there or something.
I thought we lost a thing.
I was gonna wait a while.
I didn't hear the.
No, I didn't.
Just the line dropped out.
The Emerald Coast also served New York's
steak's cooked just the way you like it, man.
Juicy and tender and delicious and hand-carb
permanent and zillions of fresh delicious delights too.
And on the weekend for dessert leave room for the
Emerald Coast famous 40 inch chocolate fountain,
hand-dip your own strawberry, marshmallows,
other deck and treats.
So shove those babies right in there and manja manja.
Now through February the 5th, which is what they,
it's Saturday, Sunday.
Now through the weekend comes celebrate the Chinese
New Year with the Emerald Coast featuring roast duck,
crispy chicken, sweet and sour fish,
and roasted suckling pig every night.
The Emerald Coast has three convening locations
to serve you for who really want to pick out.
This is the place where in sunrise,
Sunday I was reaching Pembro Pines.
Reservations suggested called the Emerald Coast at 9.5.4.
572 3822.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QA.
Yes, I've been everywhere, man.
I've been everywhere.
I've been everywhere.
I've been to Reno's, Cardo's Park,
O'Minister, the Buffalo Toronto,
West Los Angeles, that's where the Wichita Dome
goes.
The hotel home, the Tampa Fountains,
I'm out of a lot of them.
We're going to South Carolina,
and Oklahoma, and Arizona.
I know the Dakota, I know Mexico,
and Texas, and New York.
I see it.
We're in.
I believe we're in.
We're going to California, and New York.
We're going to South Dakota, and Oregon.
I remember the head of the year, man.
I believe we're in.
I know it.
Dakota, I know Mexico is the most challenging,
deeply easy.
And Oregon, we're going to California, and Texas.
Santa Fe, California, and Blue Rock.
Black Rock, Blue Rock, Austin.
We're going to South Dakota, and Michigan.
And Lake Devon, Lake Prairie, and Lake Pee City.
I see everything.
We're in.
I believe we're in.
I believe my cheer, man.
I believe we're in.
And then we're going to watch it.
You see it.
Take that going out.
Yeah.
We're coming, Holly.
Get it out.
Right?
No.
I was actually home.
Call 32-28-01 at 5-6-CW-Q-A.
I'm a great Thursday.
February the 2th, the sun is shining, and the birds are doing it.
Hey, by the way, if you see a bird,
right, might have to dim bird through, man.
You got to get them before they get us.
Who has the least self-respect?
We got to shout at 1,000 on our own pole today, OK?
Well, we are just kicking some big smelly, bloody butt,
you know?
Right.
On the other pole, we're like almost 600 votes ahead.
We're almost 600 ahead.
What do you want to do?
That's really close, me.
Yes, the least self-respect.
We got 801.
That sounds like a lot of fun.
And if we get about 8 to 75 by the top of the hour,
we got that baby licked.
Colin Powell, 145.
What a disgrace.
He holds up a little vile.
I was one of the vileist acts I have ever
seen in my life at the UN.
That was funny.
I looked at the anthrax and botulinium and cockaritis
and all this other garbage anthrax.
Right.
What a jackass.
Let's sell out.
I hate this pole 133 as tight with Portany Levin 133.
I say, definitely correlation.
Paraselton 110.
Well, she's on all the poles, aren't she?
Yeah.
Yeah, we're one.
When you're tinkling in the taxi cab,
that doesn't indicate a whole lot of self-respect.
The QA have a sports staff.
We don't want to.
We don't want to.
We'll leave it all to the old or queen there
between 10 and 2 because we don't want to.
92, you know?
I don't know.
Do you understand it?
I mean, it's just for fun.
And it's certainly like a little change of pace
of a little excitement, a little pizzazz, you know?
Spice it up a little bit, baby.
Spice it up.
Get out some muscle, Antro and stick it in there.
Spice it up.
Little oregano.
At least for attendance oregano.
Matt Pudge, he's got 49.
You fairy.
Self-hating queen.
Ron Jeremy 43.
Look at Jack Abramoff.
He's got 30, man.
I think he's what he's going to get about 25 to 30.
Democrats 27.
They ought to be doing better than that.
That was a good choice we ever called it.
And Democrats have no self-respect.
He's most of them.
Except for the aforementioned one just a moment ago.
That's the one.
Robert Downey Jr. 19.
Jose Conzucco 14.
And Alan T Brown has got six.
How do you like that?
I bet I know who they are too.
Vue Chambi, Joe Rose, Stugatz, Joel Feinberg, Howard Davis,
and Mark Hockman.
Oh, that's right.
He should have seven.
There's also Jose Rodriguez, your stepbrother.
That's dad.
Greg Cozzi is doing a web pull on Radio War's in South Florida.
He's looking for your favorite, least favorite hosts.
Please vote and let's crush the QAM.
Here's the link he writes on his stupid ass email.
Tuesday at 123, after I was crushing their ugly nasty ass,
laden with all kinds of people that don't belong on here
to say hello or goodbye.
Well, maybe the goodbye part.
God, post him.
This one, all the retreads, man, Sydney Rosenberg,
who Don I miss kicked out of the studio,
and they sent down here for rehab or whatever, you know?
Real swill.
Have a swill day, Alan.
And then he's got this Alan T Brown.
And he's got the blog, you know, the link to it.
Alan T Brown, VP of Communications, sports talk, $790.
The ticket.
And, you know, with the number in the A Brown,
it's $790, the ticket, et cetera.
Pretty sad.
That by the way, this is office number.
I wouldn't give anybody's home number on the year.
But that's his orifice.
You ought to call an express your condolences for the fact
we're going to kick their ass.
Now that I'm on the case, which of the big two states
would you prefer for sports radio, 3271 for QAM,
at 2641 for $790, the ticket?
How do you like that?
That sounds like 600 and guess how many?
But 30, man.
630 vote lead.
And we ain't, we only be gunned to fight now.
I'll say, I don't care about working with a bunch of pansies.
And we don't want to, we don't want to stand up for ourselves.
We want to let the other guys make us look like a bunch of
trained monkeys in the newspaper.
Like I said before, granted it's all bogus and it's just for fun.
But people believe what they read in the newspaper.
Even they hurled, I know that comes to shock the most of you.
People see something imprint and they say,
oh, did you know that?
Wow, it's in the paper must be true.
So therefore, if we just sit back and let these guys
pretend, which we know it's just a pile of crap,
pretend that they're kicking our ass.
It's not good for business.
It's not psychologically good.
And I for one, even though I don't do a stupid-ass sport show,
can you imagine if I was on there?
Not that I want to pat myself on the erectum or anything,
but can you imagine?
My God, Alan Brown, he'd be, he'd be, he'd be doing a town like us.
He'd get in the car at 4 in the morning and high-tail it right out of town
while Alan Brown with the windows up, knocked down.
He'd be rolling around with his windows up.
Anyway, so Alan Brown's got six, but I'm sure he can work on that.
Goose him up a little bit.
Thanks by the way to Joe Rose for bringing that email by the,
that inspired me.
Otherwise, we wouldn't even waste our time with this, right?
Because I was just ignoring it.
And of course, when they knew I'm not going to read those stupid comments,
and it's, you know, people who write comments to blogs and who go into chat rooms
and message rooms, all of this stuff, those people are the ones that need to be locked away
far from the rest of us.
Because they are really-
I have no life.
Tragedy, desperate.
Except, of course, if they happen to be friends of ours.
You know what I'm saying?
Right.
Well, like for example, like him.
No, I, in fact, I'm quite proud of him for putting that under about 400 times to show
how stupid the whole thing was in the first place.
That comments, yeah, comment my ass.
But is that Christiana Mampur, who says the words of disaster and a wreck is a nightmare?
And what the hell are we doing there?
I always hated her like, boys, but I'm saying, look, look at that smart that she's wearing
with a shade.
Look at that.
Shmata and shade.
Did you change it?
They're too late.
Now, she'll be back on again.
I'll look at all the getscis.
They've got nice oranges over there, though.
There she is.
He's sitting on the floor on a flying carpet.
Looking like a real getsci with a green Shmata on her head.
And she got that 400-year-old Iraqi guy.
He says, oh, what are you doing here?
I'll ready to go away.
By the way, I got a thankser from Ken.
I tried to email him his answer.
From Ken?
He wants to know the website.
And I tried to email him and my email got bounced.
So there you go, Ken.
Well, what do you mean you email got bounced?
He wants to know our website?
No, no.
The website where he can go and vote.
Oh, the Miami Herald.
Well, let me tell you right now.
Just go to the MiamiHerald.com.
And on the front page on the internet,
about two thirds of the way down on the bottom right-hand side,
you'll see blogs.
And it's a day very blog on there,
which nobody would read that.
And none of that is Greco Te.
And what is it called?
What does he call it?
Like a retardo evidence of random evidence.
Random evidence blog votes.
And you click on that baby, and then he's
got a thing there, a song to dance.
And then one more really concentrated.
Now you can certainly vote for Mad Dog or Hank or whoever.
But the one we're really concentrating on,
because they just loaded it up thanks to this phony email.
You know, getting all their executives,
and all their peons, and the janitor, and all their kids.
In fact, I understand that we're circulating that
all the schools.
Most of the kids have got computers now.
And we're circulating in the schools
where instructions were to click.
Let's see, what is this now?
Taff scan.
What is this?
One of the three pages that I sent you,
the other two pages are the numbers
that they wrote on there, so we only need that one.
Now who's this from?
Well, read the top there.
Stop playing in the hurricanes.
Well, what does that mean?
Obviously it's from that other station or something.
Or stop playing in the hurricanes.
For your lower rebate.
Three or five years since spring.
Well, this is from across the street.
Oh, your TSL went down and your turnover.
Yeah, you know something, we still had a 6.8 in December
in the midday over there, had a 1.9.
How do you like them, Apple, sweetheart?
See, I got the monthly is already.
Yeah, but that's good.
You can give me a big son of dance.
Yeah.
For all five, six, and in November, we had a three, six.
So stop low ICF.
I've never talked about the team.
Stop playing in the hurricane, my ass.
And didn't I actually go on the air?
See, I don't play games with numbers.
Didn't I say that they might have been as well off the air
and they were during some of November?
Didn't I say that?
When they had zero point, or whatever?
I said that.
But no, this is from Rosen and Rosen PA,
who must be somebody's boyfriend over there.
Send me a bunch of crap like this is supposed to prove
something to me.
And this writing looks awfully familiar to me.
Looks awfully, awfully familiar.
In fact, what's that Broward number on there?
And they offer, I must be Rosen and Rosen PA, huh?
I would imagine.
Well, guess what?
Your mama's soda sauce and this business about your TSA.
Yeah, big deal.
TSA of course it went down because everybody's trying
to put their life back together again, you idiots.
Yeah, they got one month, they're claimed to fame.
They were just like last April.
Oh, we're going to kick their ass 18 to 34.
You guys think that you can like talk to yourself into it.
It ain't going to happen.
How many years have I been saying that now?
About 30, man.
Can't talk to yourself into having big numbers.
Either you got them or you don't, and you guys don't.
You had a couple of bogus months there, very suspect.
And anybody that's going to use the fall book
as evidence of anything has got to be elunatic.
That would be like us saying, well, look in November,
they had an old, so big deal.
They might have gone off the air.
Who the hell would listen to them when they're trying to
like save their life from the hurricane
and find water and all of these things, huh?
In fact, quite frankly, we didn't do all that bad in November
compared to what it could have been.
Who the hell was getting diaries in the mail?
Who was getting any mail?
Who was sending out any mail?
Most people had bigger fish to fry, okay?
See, you didn't try to talk yourself into it.
We're like, hey, like this fast.
Look at the tone of it.
You're like slapping it.
Oh, geez.
Oh, am I going to recover from that?
Yamama, okay?
You guys aren't fool us.
I got a 6.8, which is, you know,
and all that great.
We had a 7-something in October, and they had a 1-9.
Is that close?
Does that sound like a contest to you?
Hey, stop thinking of the hurricane.
Jesus' enstambles on there, Dave.
I mean, day along with Moses and Abraham saw them,
and they still ain't gonna do a number.
So, quick, give me a sound dance about your tears.
So, what, I, uh, up yours.
That must be from Alan Brite Brown.
And by the way, I got rolled up his cold nose
and they're gonna kick your ass.
33, oh, this is what they're upset about.
Yeah.
They're crying over there because now we got 3,367 votes
from our fine loyal audience, and they got 26, 46.
We're only like almost, we're 721 votes ahead.
How do you like that?
All right.
Because they've already exhausted the whole audience
and all their relatives and all of the employees
and the janitors are in laws.
That's it.
You lose.
That's sad.
For them to be given me a written lecture
about ratings.
Oh my God.
That, you know something seriously.
That would be like, Clarence giving a seminar
on programming.
You know, you follow what I'm saying?
What do you say?
It would be just most amusing.
Be like Greg Reed being a radio consultant.
1242 at 560, WDQM, whether you live near downtown
for a long day or not.
I want to tell you about a fabulous restaurant
that's worth the drive anywhere in South Florida.
Tara's stake at Lobster House, you'll find
on the 17th Street Causeway.
You'll find Tara, she'll be there almost in the night
greeting guest that her new 200 seed restaurant in Lounge.
Probably bringing East Coast residents
to the same fantastic, teradani experience
that earned her Marco Island restaurant near perfect marks
and that most important is a Gantt survey.
And also a wine spectator award, excellent wine list.
Now boasting over 380 selections
from the world's greatest wine regions.
The main attraction though at Tara's stake in Lobster House
is just like the name would suggest to you.
Fantastic, juicy stake in Lobster.
And they do a fine job with everything
from their Konyak and Tuesday's Lobster Bist
to mom's classic crab cakes.
Their selection of first seafood and chops.
Regarding by many people is the Peter Lugaro
of the South and that's saying a lot.
Tara incorporates family recipes to complete the menu.
Saucers and dressings made fresh in house,
daily in hand selected, dried short loins.
Used to prepare their signature porterhouse
for one, two, three or four are served cut away
from the bone on the sizzling platter.
Sweetened tenders, the only way to describe
Tara's 3 to 6 pound made lobster collection.
The lobsters have prepared steamed,
world stuff with lump crab meat, whatever you like
or with the filet for the ultimate surf and turf.
And now being stone crab seasoned,
Tara are quickly becoming the stone crab house too.
No need to fight traffic to mind me
to get those jumbo sweeties,
but make sure to reserve them advance
because they go mighty fast.
Don't miss Tara's happy hour every Monday through Friday
with two for one special to drinks
or their complimentary wine tasting every Thursday
from 530 to 730 when you stay for dinner.
Tara's steak and lobster house at 1430
southeast 17th Street Causeway in Fort Lauderdale.
You can call them and make reservations at 9.540
765 6202.
That's 9.540 765 6202 or visit their website
at Tara's Steakhouse and let me say it again.
Little confusing here,
Tara's Steak and Lobster House.com
is all one word of course.
Tara's Steak and Lobster House.com
and don't forget when the subject is grade steak,
everybody will be raving about Tara's.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62A.
By the time I drive there, number one,
let's get you guys.
You wanna get straight in the house?
It's already straight.
Come on, let's get you.
Go ahead and take your head, go ahead.
Last piece, the chicken.
That one or another, out the chicken.
Last piece, the chicken.
There's a chicken, there's a chicken, go ahead and go ahead.
Go ahead and take your head.
Last piece, the chicken.
Come with it, what else you're doing?
Last piece, the chicken.
I'll take you guys, the chicken, go ahead and take your head.
Last piece, the chicken.
Go ahead and take your head.
A D.R. you can go ahead and take your head.
Go ahead and take your head.
Go ahead and take your head.
That's the dog brain.
Me afraid.
Me very afraid.
Yes, thank you, you.
By now, the next guy has your phone.
Yes, thank you, the next guy is your mouth is calling.
Yes, thank you, you're the first guy to throw it all the way.
Go ahead and take your head.
1.47, they got a 3.5 in Easton, where I apologize profusely
because I actually, I dug in.
Because I like to get it right.
I don't just lie and make the numbers up.
We had a 6.8 in Easton, they had a 3.5 in the 2.
They'll never hit that number again.
And by the way, they're like the listeners,
they're going way, way down from November to December.
Way way down.
Although their average quarter hour went from a 0.3 to a 3.5.
And impressive.
In October, we had a 7.4, they had a 1.4.
That's pretty tight, isn't it?
Hey, stop blaming the hurricane.
In November, we had a 3.1 in midday because of the hurricane.
And it's not blaming them.
They had a 0.3.
Maybe they'd like to say that was an accurate number.
We'll be more than happy to give you full credit for that.
Brown and Brown and Rosen and Rosen, whoever you folks are.
And Joe will find Bert.
And then December 6, 8 to 3.5.
They'll never see that number again if they live to be 50,000 years.
Just as bogus is last April.
You know, places like that, they get a few wire diaries.
Especially when we turn on, let me say it again.
November and December might as well throw them down the toilet.
Wouldn't you think that would be a high priority
and most people's agenda is filling out radio diaries?
Oh, it's top.
Or maybe they're like trying to put the roof back under house.
Could be, but what do we know about it?
Give me a lecture on ratings, man.
You guys are kicking our ass.
Look at that.
34.71 for us in 26, 60 for the,
let's go to show what about your winers they are.
Some schmuck sends me a fax.
Give me a lecture about your glycolysmic shift went down.
Like I said, probably most living and breathing people
are out there trying to put their life back together again.
And by the way, what was our glycolysmic shift again?
You're asking me?
Go ahead, he said, what's on was it?
It was six hours.
There's was five hours.
Yamaha.
Big deal.
Nevertheless, here's another ratings,
maybe another Joe fineberg sitting there.
What are we gonna do?
They're kicking our ass out that pool and Rogers
got them all with them.
Yeah, you'll see.
You'll see.
In fact, I got news for you, man.
Joe fineberg and Alan T Brown,
and who's the other one over there?
Stu guys, if we beat you in this pool since you're so whipped up about it,
all you guys should retire.
When you think, right?
With your ass, you retire.
Because we gave you the big handicap because our guys are like,
we don't want, okay, so I'm going to back for everybody else.
Which of the big two stations you prefer for sports radio
get Greg Cody a very important blog in a hero.
A very important day.
Everybody's life depends on them, I guess,
according to the way they're responding.
They got 2665, the losers, and we got 3522.
We're like pull up to a thousand votes ahead.
And that's why they're rattling their spears
and sending us faxes with numbers and you're, yeah.
I got news for you when a bunch of amateurs
start sending me a song and advance about ratings in South Florida.
That's got to be one of the most amusing things I've ever heard.
That would be like guilty giving me a seminar on voice lessons.
Like Rita Cosby giving us allocution lessons.
You have to be given electrocution lessons at pitch.
Anyway, what am I getting whipped up?
I don't know.
Just kind of, they're so silly, you know, so obvious,
so transparent that they're looking their wounds now,
now that the king came on a year,
I kicked their ass today and put them back
where they belong down and done in the sewer.
72 AM, hello.
Hey, me, I know, buddy.
All right, Pally.
Two things, man.
I don't know how you do it, dude.
You got so much patience.
I mean, for two years, you were doing screen lists.
I was going crazy with these people calling up
for a lot longer than that, I think.
Yeah, it's longer than people calling up.
Can I speak to you, brother, please?
Yeah.
I mean, oh, you're saying that's the joy the audience
to have people being as stupid as they possibly can.
That's why it makes it so interesting.
And that's why the Republicans keep winning in the States, I think.
That's right.
Listen, for your, for a poll, you know,
if you went to our bout of mo,
all the best sports guys that ever left QAM, you know,
you like the most, you miss the most.
So he can be the most.
I know that would be Joe Rose.
Yeah, I know Joe would wait.
But if the D-Fo could be a close second.
Yeah, I would hear D-Fo might get out of here.
How much you pay to make that call?
D-Fo.
Talk about corn.
Even our general man,
they said to me, they said, boy, even Iowa,
they don't have to go grow the corn at all.
We don't want your D-Fo, okay?
Old and worn out, rehashed.
Like old, stodgy rematch taters.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say to me?
Is there any doubt?
I would be wasting our time taking a poll.
I would be like, I'd take a poll.
What day do you think it is?
Yeah.
Oh, they would agree on that.
Are you eating again?
I'm eating no.
The food just showed up.
From where?
Tony's.
I'm having a nice party.
All right.
Thank you, Brad.
There's a good guy, man.
He doesn't bug anybody.
You know, I encountered Brad.
I was driving my beautiful vet on the,
by the stadium there, going to work one day.
Maybe I was going home.
And I was paying the toll.
Do you pay the toll going out?
Yeah, I guess you do.
And he hopped the horn.
And it's Brad from Tony's, and thank him profusely.
And he'd even bug me or anything like, hey,
pull over.
I have a big chat for half an hour, you know.
Good guy.
Doesn't come in here like trying to monopolize the whole place.
Speaking of a vet, I drove a buddy's,
buddy of mine's dad's vet.
Now, do you have the sweet little hologram that shows like the,
the spedometer on your window?
The HUD?
Yeah, of course.
They've had that for a long time.
I call it a hologram.
It's called a, what they'll do?
They call it a display, a HUD.
Yeah, heads up display.
Well, anybody, yeah.
That's up.
Yeah.
Right, that's it.
Oh, yeah, this is the last several model.
I think since 2004, we've had that.
Or three, even.
Now, what year was this, you were driving?
This is a brand new one.
Oh, the brand new one, 2006.
Yeah, he released it.
So, in other words, I got that 2005 with the keyless entry
in the whole deal.
Mm-hmm.
Right?
Well, this one's keyless, too.
Well, I would think so.
I mean, if it's in 2006, why would they go back to stick in the key in the dough?
I mean, that's kind of like work.
Or even clicking that button.
That you open your doors, too, by the push of the button?
You don't have to push any button, as long as you have the...
As long as you have the...
The pocket.
As long as you have that maybe in your pocket, the pocket rocket.
It opens.
And then you get in there and you put your foot on a brake and you hit the button and it starts to start.
No, I'm talking about for your door.
That's what he's telling you.
Why did I just get through so?
Okay, now as you approach...
As long as the key is in your pocket, the key to your beautiful core better,
your friends, of course, beautiful core vet, the door will open as you approach.
As you get within a key range.
The door will open and somebody will shoot.
No wonder they don't want to give them that race.
So, you like it, huh?
What's that to like?
Exactly.
It's like a fast Cadillac, am I right?
It's a lot better than the...
It's a lot better than the...
Fatty Rob, but I'm just saying.
It's just...
I'm talking about the rides.
Smooth as can be.
See, people think of core vets and they think like back the old like, you know,
even the old 67, 68, which were beautiful cars, but man, they ran really rough.
They're like your ass ragging on the ground.
35, 99.
Do you know if I refresh it again?
I guarantee you.
I'll bet your Robert Creeper's life on it.
We got at least 3600.
3608.
And they got 2681.
We're all more closing in on a thousand vote lead.
And they're giving me a seminar on ratings and like the list news ship and by the beginning.
You know, you can take numbers and you can make all kinds of chap liver with them and you can splice them up
and try to prove something by one month.
One month or two months doesn't make a career.
It doesn't make a lifetime.
It doesn't make an audience.
It doesn't make something that agencies are real.
People want to buy, okay?
People want to do a recent audience.
They want to move, smit off the shelf.
That's why people advertise.
Not because they like sniffing somebody's jockstrap.
They used to play ball at semi-literate.
That's not what it's all about.
Man, who the hell are you guys kidding over there?
See, they really think that they can...
They're going to come in like an elephant in a china shop.
You know, and they're going to like force their way through to marketplace.
We got that dolphin.
We got all of Joel Feinberg's daddy's money.
And Stubgats is that...
And we're going to...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
These are guys who all used to work on a station most of them.
Mark Eisenberg, he flopped even in midday even with the juicin toast anomaly.
He flopped in midday.
Mark Eisenberg.
Even over at ICE he couldn't keep a job.
That's the kind of great town they got.
Stubgats.
Who used to be, you know, just a slump there.
He was a hanks go for there at 2am.
Now he's a general manager.
General manager.
Holy...
That would be like clearance being our program director.
That's how ridiculous that is.
What else did they got?
Who did they got?
And Jason Saladkin.
Who is that kid?
You know him, Josh?
No.
This need to pee.
I know that's Daslow.
That's Daslow kid.
That's Boog's producer.
Yeah.
Oh, that's Boog's buddy, yeah.
And the poor booster man.
Hey, everybody, let's talk about some sports.
Here come the mess on the fifth.
I still say if he wouldn't take the mess job, he's such a schmuck.
I used to, you know, I mean, not that I dislike him already,
but I used to have such high feeling for his future.
But he just don't get it, you know.
I mean, what is there to like about being stuck at a horse ball station?
It's got no numbers.
It's going to go nowhere.
And eventually they'll finally want to,
won't be leasing that frequency no more.
And, you know, they'll be doing like 16-0 on ESPN.
All right, there's about Cody.
There's about Cody?
Yeah.
Well, I was in the best.
I actually like him a lot.
He's a good guy.
I mean, it's a, his only problem is, you know what they say about kids getting in with the wrong company?
No.
Him and Le Bastard.
He hangs out with the wrong crowd.
Here's one who says, I do miss them all.
Do do do do.
He was the voice of the South Florida mentality.
Oh, this is beautiful.
It says he was a miserable bastard with stab his best friend in the back.
And that is if he had one.
I never will forget when he called the other sports station and told him he listens to their show.
But other than that, he's a pretty nice guy.
Where is he now?
He's a lot of pain golf with this stock.
But that's right.
This is Detroit.
Maybe because, uh, fill in some days and it's old time slot.
Let's hope not.
I don't think that's in the car.
I don't think that's in the old made.
I wouldn't be surprised.
That's going to be next.
They're going to have like we just filled in holding an old made turn around TV with the golden, the golden.
I don't know which of that.
That's going to be good.
Do you have a two?
Let's see.
I got a two and a one.
I'm going to turn both of them loose in a minute.
6349 total votes.
We got 3661.
They got 2688.
Now that's not the correct number.
Let me refresh.
Let me refresh them.
What a Machaya.
36652688.
We're like a 23 votes shy of a thousand.
Well, I think that can be corrected just during this next break.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 562 AF.
But it's the one to do our.
Have you always wanted to learn to dance?
If you've ever imagined yourself gliding effortlessly across the floor with your partner in your arms while having the time of your life,
then let Master P show you the way.
You are a little chacha, pax pa, walk, rumbo, quick sip.
But, I teach you, man.
Master P creates a learning experience that encourages and allows students to realize their full dancing potential and an open and friendly atmosphere.
Actually, ideas to get freaks.
Now, pay attention.
Move your feet around a little bit.
That's too much.
No more thought.
Where'd your hat?
I don't have a hat.
Or to have a hat.
I don't have a hat.
Move your feet around a little bit.
I not that too much.
But, you ever want how I do that?
I'm in barely movement.
Barely move.
That's not dancing.
Barely move.
Where'd your hat?
I don't know, but you're not dancing.
Where'd your hat?
Master P is a ballroom dance specialist with the mission of making dancing fun, enjoyable and rewarding.
If you're striving to become a confident social dancer or a competitive ballroom dancer,
Master P will provide you with highly specialized and personalized ballroom dance lessons.
The Master P way.
Alright, so the first weapon there.
I don't have a hat.
I don't have a hat.
What's up with the shoes you wear?
They're dishes.
Oh, you don't wear them.
They're two wear sneakers.
Sneakers?
Sneakers?
Why would I wear sneakers?
No brother don't be called wearing dance shoes.
You need a pair of sneakers and wear your hat.
I don't have a hat.
Don't back talk, Master P.
Master P's ballroom dance school is now accepting your students.
From automation, go to masterp.schoolupdance.com.
Are you sure the side is a chop chop?
I'm going to have to want again.
Yeah?
Where's your hat?
I don't have a hat.
How many times do I have to tell you?
No longer allow to come to my school.
Oh, why not?
You don't have a hat.
Why do I need a flipping hat?
I'm to open the Master P. School of Dance Canibal Pads.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
And by the way, uh, but first thing is that our name, our new sales lady from across the street.
Yes.
That we spirited away while you're eating in with the monster.
Uh, she said that she wouldn't wish that place on Hitler.
I don't know what she meant by that.
Oh, it's probably going to be our own pool since we got our own fish to fry.
We got over 1,000 vote lead, by the way, thank you very much.
Keep banging away on it.
Because they're going to like it.
Wow, you got it.
And you know what, really cracks me up.
I just looked at that fax again, which the writing was awfully familiar.
That Rosen Krap with the numbers.
Yeah.
Oh, all we had was a seven, oh, a seven in men in the summertime.
When you're like on three times a week, huh?
And we're number one.
Shame on you, George.
I know, let's talk.
Yeah, the day that they got a seven-year-old in anything over there,
they would be like running around naked in the streets,
like screaming and yelling like a bunch of crazed Indians, man.
Yeah.
Who the hell are these people kidding?
Oh, you only had a seven in the summer.
Yeah, let me say it again.
Take out the November, the bogus a month of the hurricane,
and we got a seven-one and the other two months in men.
And we would be number one.
Because if you take out that bogus a month of IOD,
we'd still kick their ass.
But nevertheless, don't confuse people with the facts,
because you know what they say.
Numbers, what is that old saying about fool me once?
895 votes, who has the least self-respect,
Colin Powell 161, old Roland Powell.
Some people thought he was going to be president until he held up that vile.
I hate this poll 149, William Mama.
Courtney Love, 144.
Paris Hilton, 125.
The QM Sports tab.
We don't wanna.
96.
Wait till we get Joe Rose back, man.
He's going to whip their ass in the shape.
Matt Fudge, he's got 51 votes.
You're fairy.
The Democrats, 45.
Spinalist, gutless.
Platformless.
You ever have them platformless shoes?
I'm going to.
Ryan Jeremy, 44, Jack Averwell, 34.
Jose Conceco, 20.
Oh, Jose, can you see, man?
You are pathetic.
Lion's Sackard Garbage.
Don't we have a street?
We do have a street named after him.
Don't we?
Somewhere in Dave County?
Jose Conceco.
I think so, yeah.
Yeah.
What a disgrace.
Of course, we also got Arthur Gottfried Road, one of the most virulent anti-Semites in the
world.
It's only appropriate that he should have a street in Miami Beach where all the Jews used to live
named after him.
Maybe in sunrise lakes they can have a hindrachim or a highway.
Idiotic.
But that's outflow to for you, you know.
Massacus.
Robert Downey, Jr. 19.
And Alan T. Brown.
Downtown Alan Brown.
Siete.
Solomon Tisiete.
There's seven votes.
Small potatoes.
Like Frankie Pentangeli.
Small potatoes.
We got you down, Alan Brown.
And that's where you're going.
Straight down.
In the toilet.
Yeah, you guys are slipping and you did that.
That looks like a PD Lenny's right.
I'm writing to me as a matter of fact.
Doesn't it?
And I look awful familiar to writing on that fact.
Look at it.
It does.
I'm going to save it and see if I, I mean, I know it stills Rosin and Rosin.
But in fact, we get, it seems to me that we would get in fact from Rosin and Rosin for a year.
So maybe it's somebody, you know, who went over there.
Went on the other side.
Let's see, we got to buy a thousand.
Oh, yeah, a thousand and the 56, 37, 66 to 27, 10.
Where a thousand and 56 votes at 56.
You got that a thousand and 56 as in like QAM.
Okay, let me get to my pocket because I'm dilly down with this crap today.
But you know what?
I want it.
Unlike some of our other people, I don't want, I want to stick it to them.
Especially after I see this bogus email.
Let's whip everybody up and let's get a Daisy chain going.
Let's, uh, yeah, let's crush QAM.
Crush this.
Okay.
That, yeah, this.
I got a good eyesight.
Marlon's president, David Samson, who made non-committal about the team's future rights
buried Jack.
Yes, and a speech yesterday at a greater Miami chamber, commerce election at Paraguncle.
Washington for the nationals makes what we're offering look foolhardy.
The Marlon's could leave where we hope not to.
Now, there's obviously a sentence missing there because, and it's not my, it's not my fact.
It's just very in the hero like this.
But Samson also said, I'm getting a generator because that's how much I'm staying.
I'm not selling my home.
I don't plan on ever moving.
Aw.
Well, that's good news for Rajaj.
Mm-hmm.
Who's eating right now, probably?
No, I'm done.
Are you really?
Yeah, I think so.
That's what Clarence said.
He said, owner Jeffrey Laurie called him on the way to lunch and said,
what are you going to say?
Are you going to inform them that if they don't get a stadium built, the team is going to leave?
Are you going to inform them that if they don't come to the games, the team is going to leave?
Are you going to inform them the contribution from the team is the fourth largest mystery of baseball?
In a market that's proven to be completely baseball friendly, I said, I probably would not mention those things.
Said David and Delilah.
Samson suggested he doesn't understand people saying that stadium we would have gotten done if someone else were in charge.
I'm thinking to myself, is it me?
Is it us?
Is it the concept?
Uh-huh.
Or maybe it's just the emotional part of sports and the government helping what they perceive to be rich people.
Well Wayne Heisen is pretty rich and John Henry is pretty rich and they didn't get a stadium.
What does that mean?
Does that make any sense to you?
Isn't that kind of like reverse logic?
Pretty much.
Are you against his own point?
I don't get that.
Talk about stupid.
The Marlins will kick off their annual caravan Monday in Key Largo and Alamarada.
I bet you Josh will be there.
Nope.
The week long event which will also include stops in Naples, or you can go over and see Joyce.
As well as locations in Dave Broward and Palm Beach counties will come on February 11th with fan fest at Dauphin Stadium.
That will used to be PPP Park and still should be.
Players, coaches and should be Joe Ravi Stadium is what it should be.
Players, coaches front office executives, Billy de Marlin and the Murmages will appear at stops along the way.
Billy de Marlin, now that's John Ruth, that's the guy that I was trying to remember.
They used to be the Hurricane mascot.
Taki in the...
Where he was, South Carolina.
What though was he called with the Hurricane?
You don't even know, do you?
I don't know.
I mean, I told you he's...
But that's John Ruth, that's Billy de Marlin.
Oh, you don't know him?
I do.
Well, isn't that the guy?
I'll have to ask him.
I don't know.
Ask him and say, hey, do you know Dauphin Denny and he'll just puke.
Dauphin Denny, there's a real piece of work, huh?
He's a piece.
I think he borrowed that red nose from Patch Adams again.
What's your been getting around, Levi, hasn't it?
And Joe Rose says, by the way, who you guys are kidding over there at Rosen and Rosen?
You got another email from Joe.
Which of the big two stations do you prefer for sports radio, WQAM3818?
$790 to ticket $2725, almost $1,100.
He left $100 vote lead.
It is comical, is it?
Pretty much.
Well, that's because I put the pedal of the metal, baby.
I put the gauntlet down, whatever gauntlet is.
Like one of them old-fashioned things they used to use in the torture chambers.
Probably an abrogar, right?
That's right.
I want him to steal gloves.
Isn't that a gauntlet?
That is.
So we got a free lunch in there and everything is looking up.
We're finally turning around after a couple of cloudy days.
Right.
Both pretty cloudy in here.
All thanks to whoever sent this wonderful email to us this morning that inspired us to kick some big fat disgusting, foamy ass,
foamy ass of $45 bill.
I wouldn't be surprised if that fat boy was ready.
Right.
So I would be doing that.
Well, just because that's him, you know.
That is.
He's always got his fat fingers in everybody's face.
912 votes in our pool.
We're going to get to that 1,000 by 2 o'clock.
We're going to have like a zillion vote lead on him.
What could be greater than this?
What a day.
And we owe it all to that dwindling, a neo-rodger's audience.
But there's one thing I really worry about in my life.
It's the climbing rating.
Oh, God.
I just don't.
And of course that I don't know what I go to the bank and at a small income of mine.
How am I going to stretch it out over the last six months of my life?
You know, whatever I got left.
What a joke.
Better budget those games.
Yeah, better start budgeting it out, man.
What a freaking idiot whoever sent that thing from Rosen.
You ought to call them up Rosen and Rosen.
Find out who the hell sent that.
Some schmuck that thinks you know about radio.
First of all, you don't compare book to book.
You compare a year to year in the book.
That's how you do it.
If you know anything about ratings, which you obviously don't.
5, 6, 7, and like I said, I got stuff to do here.
I have time for a stupid call.
The House on Wednesday agreed to extend the USA Pay Pudag for a month while conservative Republicans
and the White House work out changes intended to protect people from government intrusion.
The GOP control House used a voice vote to keep the law in effect until March 10.
So negotiators have more time to come up with a deal.
The Senate was expected to follow before the law expires on Friday.
It expires tomorrow.
Ready for that?
I'm ready.
I want to be surprised at Alan T Brown expires tomorrow.
Just before leaving for Christmas, Congress extended a law until February 3rd.
Senate Democrats and four libertarian leading Republicans had blocked the final vote on a measure negotiated by the White House.
They would have made permanent most expiring provisions.
The Republicans were considered about excessive police powers.
The Republicans, you hear that?
I heard it.
It is imperative that we not play political games with the tools that are law enforcement needs to prevent another terrorist attack.
So the chairman of the House to an issue where it can be Republican representative James Sensenbreder and Republican Wisconsin.
House Democrats said they didn't want the feedback to expire, but depressing for civil rights protections before renewing it permanent.
The extension will give members a chance to work together to represent a Bob Scott Democrat of Virginia.
And in Representative Jane Harmon of California, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, we must extend it and mend it but not end it.
And I cute.
She started sounding like Johnny Cochran.
She's robbing it.
We must extend it and mend it but not end it.
And if you don't want to fit, you're full of stuff.
Wow.
So there you go.
The Patriot Act.
I think next year, I mean Super Bowl in England is what it sounds like to me.
The fix is in.
We love the dolphin.
And how about those Tampa Bay Buccaneers? What are they going to do next year?
Simple stuff, no offense.
What are you shmerkling about?
How many points they score against the Patriots in that game?
Hey, oh, Patriots didn't do too well themselves, okay?
In that game?
Oh, in the box game?
Final score, Tampa Bay Zero in the England Patriots, the defending world champion in the England Patriots, 28.
They went out the night before.
They had a late night.
I see.
Too much time at mine's weenus.
12 minutes ago, the bodies of 14 men shot dead found in Baghdad.
This is on top of the stuff that's where we had before.
So if you're keeping track, of course, who counts those Iraqis anyway, right?
There's a learning as bystanders.
They're missing up all our fun.
What do we got in the hour?
Well, let's worry about our pool before we start getting all whipped up about that stupid Hermione Hurl thing.
Oh, there's that stupid thing that keeps showing on there about that backyard wrestling?
Yeah.
Who cares?
Nobody.
I mean, that's a bullet in the CNN just obsessed with it all day long.
We've been seeing that.
Kids heat each other with a head with fluorescent light bulbs and with paper mache.
What we do?
924.
I think we're in.
On that thousand, don't you?
Maybe you're in.
Are you start with that parasolting crap again?
Hey.
Maybe Steve King.
Maybe the Mr. Ego can bring on the urine lady.
113 at 560 WQM when you're shopping for shoes.
You know where to head straight for brandies and pomp and obiates.
For are they fantastic?
They've been around a long time while 80's in and other shoe stores have come and gone.
Why?
Because they've got an unbeatable combination waiting for you.
They carry a humongous selection of all the major brands.
Kind of like Rockport, for sure.
I get choked up.
Just think about it.
Don't you?
No.
Rockport, for sure.
I'm Echema Fisto, SAS New Balance and lots more.
And Brandy's professional shoe fitters always make sure you have a customized video of your favorite comfort shoe at an unbeatable price.
So what could possibly be enough to like?
Just ask for Arnie.
He'll take Dan Goodkher.
You make sure you get the perfect fit.
And don't forget the pros and brandies even specialize in wide widths as well.
So whatever you're looking for, guarantee you'll find an unbeatable price to the brand.
Is worth the trip for anywhere?
For comfort style, fit value ones, selection always think brandy, shoes.
1290 North Federal Highway in Pompoano Beach, open daily, till 9.
And every Sunday till 5.
And this week, another great week to shop at Brandy's because men's and women's sparey top-siders are great value, 10 to 20 bucks extra off only this week.
And all the at Brandy shoes in Pompoano Beach.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69.8.
Let's abuse some more prisoners.
Make them scream nice and loud.
Get me some wires and a factory pad.
I don't care if they ain't from my rack to see you.
Use you to the torture.
Cause they're just named their game.
In the past, it had to be worse with the dumb who say.
Oh right.
The final is an apology from their headquarters of these religious physicians.
It's easy.
Yes, it's been brought to our attention from outside sources.
We never listened to Radio anyway.
That the only lucrative show we have on the air, the new Runners Show, I believe it is, has been playing Farts again.
Now, this flies in the face of God and the FCC.
Well, not really, the FCC.
But we know so little abroad casting.
We don't want to take any chances.
Some sequentially disvalidates our fear of syndicating Neil's show on our other stations.
Not that it ever would have occurred to us in the first place.
We're much too busy convincing ourselves that we know what we're doing.
After all, we are based in prestigious Fort Myers, a town that Oscar named after his Weedy.
Suffice it to say if we want to feel important, rent office space above a seashell store in Fort Myers.
And get more cousin policy than that.
Not to mention, as a Florida based business, we benefit by not having to pay our bills or employees.
So I feel like it's good choice.
Thank you.
I think that's the last drawing.
Twenty after one.
I'm going to go over to Naples and cook up with Hurricane Hotline and the Dolphin Denny and Billy de Marlin.
And I have a good time over there with Joyce.
Maybe she'll take out the dinner, Josh. Maybe you can get Joyce.
How are we doing on there?
We like over 1100 votes ahead.
Even though we are, we have declining length of listenership.
And we have that horrible summer book when George is on.
And Neil is old and daughtering.
Right. Too bad we can't be young and hip with him with no numbers.
3929 for QIM and 2780 for the ticket.
So there's the number so far. We're 1149 votes ahead.
Well, that's not enough. Is it?
No, that's not.
Well, no, it's not because we got to like build up several thousand vote lead.
Because the rest of our guys, they don't want to play.
We want to be voting.
That's right. They took their sticks and bats and balls and they went home.
Take a shower or whatever.
Got some bad news for you.
La Nina is back.
Okay.
Thank you, Ray.
Here's something Hurricane, where we residents are forward in the rest of the Southeast.
Didn't want to hear. La Nina is back.
Government forecast is yes or today and on the official return of La Nina.
Making it sound more like a rock music to it than a weather phenomenon that could enhance the development and strike the hurricane.
Oh my God.
Oh, not again. Please crack a please.
La Nina is the periodic cooling of a carry of the Eastern Pacific Ocean and it has to occur every three to five years.
Seat temperatures, even one degree Fahrenheit below normal can inhibit the development of crosswinds that sometimes we can repair part hurricanes.
In the absence of those crosswinds, more hurricanes can form in strengthen.
Experts caution that they made that they not yet draw meaningful conclusions from the return of La Nina,
which is described as relatively moderate and could dissipate by summer.
Like those numbers we saw in December from across the street, they'll dissipate lots sooner than that.
It's too early to stay with confidence what affects this La Nina event will have in the 2006 hurricane season Jim Labor Director of NOAA,
said in a statement.
Other affects the associated with La Nina, he's the guy that brought the hammer.
Other affects the associated with La Nina include drought and parts of the South and Southwest and above average rain in the Northwest and the Tennessee Valley.
Because God is angry.
That's why that tornado went spew and by an Orlands again today.
God is a very epistop.
He wants a chocolate New Orleans name, Moka.
Loka latte.
That's what he wants.
La Nina's yeah, in fact, if some of you guys are just go to Starbucks and get them on maybe come down a little bit.
I'll be right back because his wrath is waxing hot.
La Nina is the opposite of El Nino, a warming of these are in Pacific that can suppress Hurricane development.
The last lot of Nino developed in 2001.
In December, a team led by private hurricane forecaster William Graham Colorado,
state-produced 17-name tropical storms in 2006 that grew into nine, that grew into nine hurricanes, nine count them.
Even Robert Creeper can count to.
Yeah, I, oh God.
The flat forecast accounted for a mile, I mean, you called for above average storm formation,
but the forecast suggested less activity than during the record setting 2005, thanks God.
When 27-name storms developed into 15, hurricanes.
The six month hurricane season begins June 1.
But if we have like a lot of the numbers, because everybody's radio is showed off, don't play in the hurricane, will you know?
What I wouldn't idea how to comment.
And here they had a point three in Emma, a zero point three, but don't play in the well,
okay, no, we'll give you guys full marks for that.
It's all on your ass.
You moron.
God.
You know what?
I've always said about nothing worse than people who aren't funny, trying to be funny.
And there's nothing worse than people who aren't broadcast.
There's trying to be broadcast this, you know what I'm talking about?
What are you talking about?
Oh, but we got the bats in the balls and we got the dolphins and we got a bunch of sports guys
who take showers together and snap each other with a towel on the ass.
3985, 2802, a difference of 1183, almost 1200.
I think I can breathe easy if we got about a 15-hour vote lead by the time we get our ass out here too,
do they make way for guilty?
Right?
Because I'm sure guilty of believing on it.
You think?
944, how I write it is, I just can't stop thinking about that.
He's in that two to four a couple days a week now, that slot.
And I kind of rotating slot, Persian rotate, two to four with no more mole.
944 is our total and our pool.
So we'll make that thousand.
Who's got the least self-respect, Colin Powell 168?
I hate this pool 160.
Courtney Love, 149.
Keras Hilton, 127.
The QM sports staff, they don't wanna, 96.
How come I can't get that damn loose though?
You can go up there.
Oh, there it is.
QM sports staff, 96.
The Democrats 58.
Miss Fudge, he's got 56 and is listening right now.
Hey, Miss Fudge, you self-hating piece of turd.
God, talk about a total sellout.
Ron Jeremy 46, Jack Abramoff 34, Jose Conzucco 22, Robert Downey, Jr. 20,
and Alan Brown, another vote for Alan T. Brown.
Downtown Alan Brown, we have an Ocho.
Eight.
I had a study.
Now before today we didn't even know who the hell that was.
I didn't.
Did you ever heard me before?
What's his name?
Never heard of it.
The guy that wrote that Joe Rose brought that email in this morning.
5670560, we'll take a couple of calls between now and two.
Our poll question is how badly do you miss Moe?
Isn't that the poll?
Let's do it.
WDQY and Hello.
Yeah, that tornado went through to Orleans.
Was it a chocolate tornado?
No, it was a vanilla.
70QY and Hello.
This is Lohart.
Yeah, good.
70QY and Hello.
Yeah, they worked at your horse front.
Yeah.
Yeah, we are.
How are you?
Listen, for the poll, further subdivisions for the Democrats, Joe Lieberman.
He says, I don't really.
They can take us to 16th Street of Stapolus.
Now, when the book came out, there were only two of you.
So, you were cleaning the street like six of them if you only...
Okay, you're the interpreter.
I didn't know what they were.
Say what?
Say what?
I'm in the middle of a sneezing pit right now.
Oh, good.
Oh, you can do it like I did.
The middle left side was good.
It was special.
Oh, God, his blown is nose on the air.
What a slab.
72 way and Hello.
Yeah, yes, sir.
I am in the Queen's of the Allen Downs.
I just need a shoulder and a center.
But the Allen Downs is...
So, he's not looking at anybody's shoulders.
He's like...
Powerful each.
Yeah, right.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Whatever you say for a dollar.
So, what does that have to do with it?
Well, he's nice to see you now looking at where it was a little tempted.
He was very weak, especially...
Especially when you're like, I like that.
Yeah.
We're not looking over our shoulder either.
Okay, we're only looking straight ahead.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing, buddy?
Pretty good, Billy.
I was listening to Geldie yesterday.
Yeah?
He was using one of the guys to be saying,
ah, that's not that fault that got my arm.
I made it.
No, I didn't.
I don't want to.
I don't want to.
That system needs to get with it.
I still don't know how he has children.
And number two, I was going through Maple Hill.
They do a lot of driving.
I could have swore I saw all the old Joyce that do an old deep knee bend
in the cucumber patch.
Oh, lovely.
Five.
Probably some truth to that.
Five, six.
You know what they say about repressed women, don't you?
No, what did they say?
Oh, that was kind of cute.
954 on our pole.
We got about 33 minutes.
You get 46.
That should be like a no brainer, right?
No brainer.
Hey, Valentine's Day is coming up.
So send your wife or girlfriend something she'll really love and always remember.
Send her a Vermont teddy bear this year.
They've got fun bears with attitude like the lover boy bear.
The mysterious love bandit.
The mad about you bearer, the new red hot redneck.
If you're a romantic, send a sweetheart bearer or the red roseville
teddy bearer.
There's a bear for every personality and believe me, these bears work wonders.
Best of all, she'll think he every time she hugs it.
And her bear too, and their liver it would chuckle it and a gift card in their famous box.
For about the price of just a dozen roses.
A Vermont teddy bear keeps giving and giving.
And Vermont teddy bears are the only bears handmade in America and guaranteed for life.
Guys, make this the best Valentine's Day ever.
Maybe get lucky and get you a little, even at home.
Call 1-800-829-Bair or shop online at Vermonttettabair.com.
Order now and have her bear delivered right on Valentine's Day.
Guaranteed, you have plenty of time.
1-800-829-Bair and be sure and tell them that old Neil told you to call 1-800-829-B-E-A-R.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5-16-Q-A-R.
You know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
It sounds like a moron.
Every time he sees me.
It's the way God wants it to be.
He wants to take a city and cover it and sleep.
Renewing dance.
Renewing dance.
Renewing dance.
Renewing dance.
Renewing dance.
Renewing dance.
Renewing dance.
Renewing dance.
Renewing dance.
Renewing dance.
Renewing dance.
Renewing dance.
Renewing dance.
Renewing dance.
This time what comes together.
This time what the rebuild.
A new round is the one that should be.
A town or way ever they hold.
This city will be chocolate.
A chocolate in the world.
He never takes the blame.
For anything he says.
Chocolate at the end of the day.
That chocolate is the end of the day.
Of what others.
Renewing dance.
Renewing dance.
No I can't.
Renewing dance.
He wants to make new orleens taste.
You can't have no all this no other way.
It just won't be the same man.
132.
132.
I got so many polls going on.
I was going to say it's 130.
But 132 would be better.
I'm on the first floor of the room.
That's for name sure.
Which of these big two stations you prefer for sports radio?
This is Greg Cotex and Amami Herald.
Be sure and keep banging on this all day.
We want to have like 50,000 votes by the end of the day.
Just to piss off downtown Allen Brown.
QAM, 474.
59%.
790 to ticket 2838.
41%.
That's a lead of 1100.
I can't even count that animal.
1236.
That's kind of close in it.
I don't know.
I can't do math.
1236.
No it's widening.
We're just pulling away.
Thanks to our gigantic loyal audience out there.
You're slipping guys and your life on listenership is really way down.
And your mama.
Leave mama out of it.
Okay, she's resting comfortably.
Alito sides with misery and made on death road.
You see this story?
Nope.
His very first decision.
And he pissed off the conservatives.
New Supreme Court just as Samuel Alito split with the Court's conservatives last night, refusing
let misery execute it after when made contesting lethal injection.
Alito handling his first case, sided with inmate Michael Taylor, would want to stay from an appeals court early in the evening.
See if would have been a little girl, he said, fire ass.
Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice's Antidence Scalia and Clarence Tokentamas supported lifting the stay.
But Alito joined her remaining five members in turning down Missouri's last minute request to allow a mid-net execution.
Earlier in the day, Alito was sworn in for a second time in a White House ceremony where he was lauded by President Bush as a man of steady demeanor, careful judge meant a complete integrity.
It was also given as assignment for handling emergency appeals.
Arkansas, Iowa, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota, and South Dakota.
As a result, Missouri filed with Alito's request for the high court to void a stay and allow Taylor's execution.
The Court's split vote last night ended a frenzy day of filings.
Missouri twice asked the Justice's to intervene and permit the execution, while Taylor's lawyers filed two more appeals seeking delays.
Reporters and witnesses had gathered at the state for his awaiting words from the high court on whether to go ahead with the execution.
And they wanted to see the sparks fly, but no, they didn't use no sparking them, or they want to see a few fireworks.
An appeals court will now review Taylor's claim that lethal injectants, cruel and unusual punishment, claim also used by two Florida death throw inmates at once based on these Supremes over the past week.
I like that. Maybe he's going to turn out to be wonderful. You think a real kind of like moderate guy. You think wonderful? There you go.
Keep your eye on our pool now. Don't let us slide off of that thousand barrier because we don't get to that moment.
We'd be like sending us more hostile facts. You made a mistake. See, 967. That ain't exactly what I'm thinking of.
I'd like a shoe in for a thousand and twenty five minutes. Should be, right? Should be, right.
So you can like, we need twenty three. So that's like only one a minute. So you can ease off on that other thing until two o'clock and then go nuts.
Then I'd get on there. I'd start out, send out emails to people out of fetuses, to embryos, to people that haven't been dreamed up yet.
Right? Send them all out.
Oh, here's that blood sport. I get a look at that. He's all banged up on. Oh, put the shirt back on. Jesus God.
This exciting that backyard in Rastlin is not what they're showing it again. It's actually pretty boring. Yeah.
It got a couple of bunts on his head. Oh, I think he just got a couple of bad zits. No, we're talking about the backyard wrestling babes. Yeah. That's a DVD.
That's a whole different story. We're talking about that mud wrestling in the backyard. And that's slinging.
Fan-ass governor, Jeb Bush, yesterday, ruled out his eighth and final budget recommendation, calling for record tax breaks,
while pumping almost two billion dollars in a new school construction, keeping with the theme of his administration, Republican governor wants much of that new money,
following the programs that would lower high-paying science and technology jobs, hire new teachers and build classrooms to meet the class size mandate, and fund an ever-grade cleanup.
But he's got some devious plans. It would also fatten taxpayers wallets through sales tax holidays, and by eliminating the intangibles tax on stocks and bonds. But...
Democrats said the budget left behind improved health care coverage for the poor. South Florida school officials were also wary of their potential effect, while calling for an average $347 increase in per student spending stay wide.
Bush's plan would give Broward County a $278 increase and date County only 281. See that short end of the stick. We're not thrilled. We're below the state average.
We can't maintain quality school systems when we're at the bottom of the barrel, said Georgia Slack.
Lobbyist for the Broward public school system, she said she wouldn't give the governor any slack.
Palm Beach County would give a $376 increase, but much of that new money would be earmarked for class size reduction, with time and programs and growth of a number of new students.
It would be a little bit tight at this point, where placed the county in a difficult situation, said Vern Pickup Crawford.
Lobbyist for the Palm Beach County school board. That's his name. It's a hyphenated name. Vern Pickup Crawford.
Wow. How do you get a name like that? Go to the important Pickup Crawford, I guess. I never heard such a thing in my life. Vern Pickup Crawford. Only in Palm Beach, baby. Probably Okachoba, yeah.
Oh, hokey. Scientists have discovered a new planet bigger than Nopluto. I don't know if it's as big as Uranus.
German astrophysicist have concluded a space body located in the outer reaches of the solar system has a diameter of 435 miles larger than Pluto, the smallest planet.
Well, maybe we can divert that shuttle we sent up here and sent it to the new planet.
Because Pluto is about the size of a fat boy's ass. Their research puts more pressure on the international astronomical union to classify the object as the 10th planet in our solar system.
Oh my god.
UB313, that's the hell of a bad name for a planet in it. They always give those rocks out there in the middle of the sky, you know. A huddle of the universe.
Well, you can name it eventually. UB313 is decidedly larger than Pluto, said University of Bonn, Professor Frank Bertoli, whose team findings will be published in 30 days during the nature of today.
The object, tentatively named 2003 UB313, UB this, UB that. It's an icy body that lies beyond the planet Neptune. You'd be crazy if you believe in this, but it's true.
Yeah, UB at the end.
It was first photographed in October 2003 by astronomers at the California Technology's Palomar Observatory.
That Palomar telescope that come to see some things over my place too, North of San Diego.
Astronomers in Anzalais summer that it was large enough to be a planet was largely likely much larger than Pluto.
To determine the size, the bond team led by Bertoli and Max Planck Institute for Radio Astral, we use a Spanish telescope equipped with a sensitive heat sensor to measure its thermal emission.
Like I'm thinking of that.
Huh?
Taking a lot of thermal emissions myself today.
Oh, yeah, really? That's why I'm here in Ensemelon.
That's what Josh was complaining about.
Two candle days.
He's not going to work for free if he has to put up with that crap too much longer.
That is right. A perk.
Is it really? How are you spelling that?
Okay, now let's take a look at these deals here. I realize I'm spending way too much on this, but after tomorrow it'll be like all history and it'll be all behind this and everybody can go back to pretending that they don't care about it.
They do. Well, go to don't care because he's not on it. I guarantee if his name was on there, he'd be.
And I write.
Why over there?
Because they only put four people from our station.
And that was the whole idea.
And the original pool last week. That was just like everybody else like Curtis and Kimba and the Eddie Kay and everybody else.
Eddie Kay on it. Yeah, he was on it.
And important people like Troy Stratford, Lady Martez.
How can he even got like that off our pool? Just the outlet?
Jesse Agler, Jesse Madaguro, 980 vote.
Who has the least self respect? Colin Powell, 172. We're rolling with Colin.
In fact, don't you have a kind of like it sounds to me like maybe you have a rolling cool and they may that's your story.
Yeah, it's rolling all right like thunder.
Too much of that Tony's.
I hate this pool 169. Courtney Love 153.
Paris Hilton 132, the 2M sports staff.
We know why not?
98. The Democrat 65.
Matt Fudge, he had 57.
Ron Jeremy 48, Jack Avermaw 34.
Jose Conzaco 24, Robert Downer and Junior 21.
And look at that.
Alan T Brown, Big Man in town.
Yeah, he's got the nine.
This is Neil Roger.
This is 5.69.
All right.
If there's a butt, I smell it.
All right.
Welcome.
I was sleeping in the park just trying to take a seat.
I'm in the dark.
It's left me black and blue.
I'm hurt so bad.
I'm coughing up blood.
Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs?
Don't know why this happened.
I took most to the head.
They took all they were laughing.
They left me here for dead.
I've got an ass.
Would they hire drugs?
Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs?
I'm lying here.
Can't hardly move.
They took those baseball bands and swam them like they grew.
I like to ask the parents why they raised their kids this way.
Lots and lots of prison time.
They'll be the price they pay.
What damn it, Jale?
With all those other things.
Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs?
Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs?
Why was I beaten by...
Even you could do the math on this.
Nice, easy, Embers.
There are 42, 83, and 28, and you three have to have something even 14 and their vote lead for us.
Who's going to be really upset about this?
All the people on this email, do you want to read the names again?
Bungle piece building opens door to terrorism right Stephen Leahy in the press service.
Washington's attempts to bring security to a racquet of Afghanistan are only making life harder for local people.
They're breeding more terrorists with international security experts.
Oh my god.
Under its anti-terrorism agenda, the U.S. has centralized power and security in post-conflicts of racquet of Afghanistan,
which ironically creates perfect conditions for terrorists and criminals.
All right.
There is a great fear that unstable states and post-war societies provide an ideal breeding ground for terrorist-creening activity
to an Al-Brah Shnavel, a senior fellow with a risk program on human security in Burns, Switzerland, Al-Brah Shnavel.
In almost three years after the toppling of southern Musa'ne racquet is characterized by chaos, violence, and disintegration.
All of these things.
The methods used to rebuild a racquet security sector are simply making matters worse, he told the Interprese Service.
Shnavel is co-editor of a new book security sector reform and post-conflict piece building, published by you in University Press,
and written by international group of academics and military commanders who examine the record and challenges of security sector reform in post-conflict societies.
Instead of stabilizing places like Iraq, international efforts to centralize power creating a more fragile security environment than ever before Shnavel said.
And it goes on.
It's on our website by the way.
Some of our great bedtime stories, which you might want to read in between casting your 80,000 votes for QAIM on great code fixes, Harold.
How does fine blog on the hero?
Now next time you want to set a telegram, you know where not to go.
You see this?
No.
Oh, a Western Union.
Oh, well, I don't use that.
No, but that's kind of shocky, though.
Why do they do?
What else do they do?
Money, uh, transfer.
Money orders, uh, wires.
No more little yellow envelopes with good news and bad news.
Stop.
No more singing telegrams.
Stop.
No more nightletters.
Stop.
No more telegrams of any kind.
Stop.
If you're voting for the other guys across the street.
Stop.
Western Union shut off its telegraph machines wounded by fax machines and fired them in by email, like this one from Allen Brown to all the people over there across the street.
The bright yellow telegram with little strips of words pasted on the form is only an artifact of history now.
In its day, the rival of telegram was a very big deal, stopping the heart and mid-beat.
Nervous fingers to opening your little yellow envelope and breathing stop.
Nobody sent trivial news by telegram telegrams announced business deals far away births sudden deaths.
In worst past turns got the bad news by Western Union.
The president of the United States, regressed to inform you that your son or daughter has just been butchered or whatever.
With no hint of irony, Western Union sent a message of its own death in the medium that helped the telegrams demise, the internets.
The message posted on the Western Union website without fanfare was cut in language of lawyers and accounts.
In fact, in January 27, 2006, Western Union will just continue all telegram and commercial messaging services.
We regret any inconveniences may cause you and we thank you for all your loyal patronage.
No loss.
Anyone inconvenienced by this must be audits.
Come on.
Are you picking on them so I'm sure Schleffer's gonna love the audits.
I know it's Getkies.
They're just busy horse and around.
And it's easy to pick on them because they can't have a radio.
Well, they can borrow one.
Can they really?
They can listen to one.
They can just not own it.
Let's see.
29 would be 1437 as long as 1444 votes.
We're a person toward that 1500 total.
We were aiming for by two o'clock.
Aren't you just psychotic about this?
No.
Well, I know somebody who might be.
Oh, in fact, I know a whole bunch of people who might just be.
Wouldn't you think?
I bet you the names are all on that sheet of paper that you were.
That you faxed over to me this morning.
That was quite a deal.
And then, in fact, the other one that you faxed in too was quite a deal but we can't say it on the air.
That was real interesting or real fly opener.
Well, speaking of that, has broke back setback gay rights.
You're fairing.
The movie has become a springboard for tasteless gay jokes.
As the Academy of Motion Pictures validates broke back mountain with eight nominations,
the movie has become an excuse to tell graphic sexual jokes that make fun of gays.
What a shame.
566 votes on our poll, by the way.
Thank you.
Forget the obvious J&D who played a middle-american.
Now, let's see.
Did you say you got it?
You see, who told me they had it?
Broke back mountain?
Yeah.
I have it.
You didn't watch it though.
No, and I sent you a copy.
Oh, you did?
Yeah.
Excellent.
Even TV news anchors are getting on the act.
Chris Moro, I sent Antonio Wanker, but for recently, why don't they just give one of those
guys from Broke Back Mountain best actress?
But bloggers made him our thought to be more progressive thinkers at a once having a field day.
Item.
A takeoff on Barry Manlow's Copa Cabana.
Corus, off that Broke Back Mountain, Nosegate Cowboys, in its a mountain.
Up at Broke Back, Broke Back Mountain, they felt the passions they discussed fashion.
And I had to be a man-low.
Hey, Barry.
You're fairing.
Some other ones too.
I'm not going to sing the songs, because I can't sing.
Takeoff on the Beatles, get back.
Gilman Hall's Jack Twist, he thought he was a woman, but he was another man.
And Hanan Hathaway would love to give it to him, and say that he'll take it in the...
You know, the movie's referred to as humpback mountain, bearback mountain, broke-button, fudge-back
mountain, and so on.
The item.
The movie's making history as the first western ever where the good guys get it in the end.
All right.
Item.
Question.
How do you know when a holly puke fake cowboy is horny?
Answer.
He puts a saddle on his horse backward.
What?
That's old.
What about one of our bits?
Yeah.
It's ironic that the movie has broken barriers.
It also distorts some pretty snarky jokes.
Damon Romain, spokesman for the Game Let's Be in the Lens Against Them, defamation said,
his organization's not the monitoring blogs, but watching late night TV shows, and it
doesn't have a problem with the broke-back jokes.
Well, thank God for that.
Nothing worse than uptight queen.
With all the buzz and visibility broke-back's beginning, he said, be more concerned if
Leonard and Leatherman weren't talking about an excellent boy, right?
Yeah.
So, I think he's got his little pinky right on it.
A thousand and eight votes on our pool, and the other one, I'm not even going to look at
it.
It's just, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's
it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's
it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's
it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's
it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's
it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's,
it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's,
it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's
it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's
chelby talking on a sports show trying to be my show your voice sounds just like a sandbag here of girl a little sports hotel what else are you there for?
Delbee, Delbee, talking like a baby
Who needs a little draining
Like a new understand
You don't sound like a man
We move the rubber bands
That choke your throat
Come, Delbee, Delbee, Delbee
Delbee, your lovely management
Delbee, your lovely management
Delbee, your lovely, long there on the air
And Delbee, the sports can wait to your voice crack
Cause anyone who sounds like that
Should find another job
And they should only take you back
When both your baby's drop
Delbee, Delbee, when you're gonna grow up
Yeah, you make us wanna grow up
You're silly, squeaky, boo
Go to broadcasting school
Your pretty, cute, bassist voice
Makes you sound like the punks
You're a punks
Absolutely
You're a punks
You're a punks
Who's a punks
Okay, welcome to Delbee, the aforementioned one coming up at 2 o'clock
Peter King with Delbee at 3, I have no idea why
But he seems to be like a regular, maybe he's on the payroll
Maybe we're paying Peter King the money that Josh would begin for his raise, you think?
It's possible, it's more than 5 bucks than it must be
Mad Dog, Smoky Bones, and Poor Lottardale at 4
Hurry King Highline, and Bernie Kuznayk, House at 7
Josie, Bernie's for the Beast, who's up in Detroit
Walking around in dark neighborhoods, 9 o'clock
And that could be anywhere, at 88-10
Now here's the deal
1600 and 7 motes ahead
See that?
Alright
See the power of...
Deal, come on
Right, this audience and whatever
4505, QAM, which of the two states you prefer for a sports radio?
Which of the two states you prefer, period?
See, he wanted to put that under there because that would include me and that would be really bad
4505 for us and 2898 for...
790 to take it
For that other place
With Downtown Allen Brown
So what are you thinking?
Pretty good job today by us, huh?
Yeah, I'm thinking one more minute and I can go take care of some business
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Oh no!
Man, I've heard of a music explosion and we got a 525 on our own pool there
Which, you know, and it's not even a good pool today, it's a pool sucks
Sorry Sean, I don't want to like pick on Sean because he really works feverishly
You know, send us a pile of poles
But, this one...
I mean, you know, it's okay
It's a good pool but we're just distracted by this other thing
We're distracted, we got bigger face to fry and tomorrow we'll wrap that whole thing up and win by about 50,000 votes
And then we can go back to or just kicking people's eyes
Bye bye bye!
When it comes to sports
So what do you know?
So what do you know?
Rock, sorry
We need to be on the authority
Which radio by 60, WQAM, by M4's Maria
