time to go north to the border.
Yeah.
That place can do.
How is it up there today?
It's not bad, little murky end notes.
He's feeling excited.
No snow, great no snow.
It feels like it's going to snow here.
Well, good idea.
You should see Duff the salesman.
He just walked into the, you know,
do you think he's still?
Hey Duff, you fairy.
He thinks that he's still working over here.
There's a big size.
There's no salespeople allowed.
And there is in the control room.
But he's all dressed up.
He's in a suit now.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Now that he's a sales guy,
it's wearing a suit and tie.
And you fairy.
He's a fashion fleet.
Is that what it is?
Yeah.
Anyway, let's see.
Is the beast here?
I want to tell the beast that I was
right about the dollar wheel of fortune
don't ever play it again.
Beast is also in a very crowded control room right now.
Is he really?
I hope there's nothing wrong.
They're looking like they're in panic in there.
Somebody passed out in there.
What's going on?
No.
Beast is making his way this way.
Oh.
He's getting out of there.
But the fix it's in there.
Duffs in there.
And maybe they're having some technical
affuboly.
That's a QM specialty.
Yeah.
I like the massage.
Yeah.
Here's the beast.
Don't have to play the dollars.
Okay.
I lied.
You went back to it?
Well, most of them are closed down
because they're switching over to the tickets now instead of the coins.
Right.
But the ones up front most of them are still open.
They were busy.
So I went in the back and I played the five dollar for a little bit.
And then I played a little Monte Carlo spin to win.
And what do you laugh at about it?
It was up about 1100 bucks.
Tell it the blazing sevens.
I looked at the jackpots and those.
There's a crap.
There's just no upside.
I want to play stuff where it isn't upside.
Okay.
So anyway, did you listen to what I just said?
I got two spins and a five dollar machine.
Wow.
And I'm up about 1100 bucks with that Monte Carlo.
And then like a schmuck, I go back.
You know, we're just going to hook on that stuff.
I told you.
I go back there and I hit like 500 bucks twice and 400.
And I still lost.
So to make a long story short, I gave back what I was ahead.
I didn't, you know, went home even.
But that convinced me.
Try other stuff.
You know, if you're going to play Wheel of Fortune, play the five dollar.
There's no upside in the dollar.
It's for suckers.
Except for one schmuck, this nasty old bastard.
He's playing a machine and people are waiting online.
He reaches over and puts a hundred dollar bill on the machine next to him.
And he had no business doing it because there's other people waiting.
You know, he has to play two machines when it's busy.
Right.
And a bastard gets $3,000 on the line.
Oh.
Piece of crap.
I wanted to just puke all over him.
First, nobody would notice the smell of woodbind because it goes with the ambiance.
Oh, what a place.
Anyway, so I guess the mad dog had a little bit of an accident yesterday speaking of hysteria.
Mistaken identity.
Yeah.
Case of mistaken identity.
And trashed everybody on Channel 6 for an hour.
I didn't hear it, but I heard my reports about it.
You heard it?
Yep.
Gave inside stories about people, all kinds of incestuous stuff going on their Channel 6.
I'm waiting for that.
Yeah.
That's why I heard.
Didn't hear it, but I heard about it.
I just heard him say that they better watch themselves over there because he's going to be the watch star.
Is that it?
Or the mad dog?
I heard there was a lot more than that.
I didn't hear that point.
Anyway, then he came back allegedly after the break.
I heard that.
That's what I said.
It was a Channel 7.
Yeah.
Wow.
That was really not...
Oh, right.
That was uncool.
Well, you're going to start trashing people, at least trash the people who deserve it.
I didn't hear them, him, thrashing people, but I missed that point.
Well, maybe I got a bad repeat.
He never said any names or anything.
Yeah.
All I heard him say was he mentioned the names in the context of saying that if you all have a kid in rehab or you have a personal problem or something, I'm going to find out about it.
Yeah.
And I'm going to have a mic.
Who would have said, you got a kid in rehab?
Nobody.
He would have said, anybody who did that has governor.
He's got a kid in rehab.
And he doesn't work in rehab.
And he doesn't work at Channel 6.
How do you know that?
The governor?
Something after this year.
I hear he's going to leave the country.
Yeah.
Maybe he's going to go to Bahrain with Michael Jackson.
Trade missionary.
A couple of weirdos that we don't want to see again.
Fat ass jab bush and Michael Jackson.
And maybe he can also sing on the Pope's new CD.
Michael Jackson may be on it.
You see that?
Yeah.
And then Fat ass governor can sing on it.
Be fire with me if you left.
Oh, kissing goodbye.
Too late though.
Look at all the damage he's done.
He can take Alan Brown with him.
Downtown Alan Brown.
And of course, you're a new governor.
What else is his name?
The Attorney General.
Charlie Chris.
Charlie Chris.
Charlie Gake.
Chris.
You're fair.
And then maybe Mark Foley can be his better half.
So what about this ESPN thing?
This is very disturbing.
This is just an ABC.
Well, I don't want to put you on a spot because you work for those people, but nevertheless.
Which one?
Which one?
What an abortion.
What an abortion.
Oh, the group they put together.
The Monday night football.
The best they can do is Mike Tureko, who's, I mean, my little minpin would have been a better
play by a person than Mike Tureko.
Joe Thysman, who's just marginal at best, barely tolerable.
And Tony Cornhover.
I mean, what is that?
They can't try to reinvent Howard Cosell in a day.
Right.
And how many times have I told you that they can't do it?
There was only one Howard Cosell.
It's like Einstein.
There was one Einstein.
There's not going to be another one.
It's like anything.
I'll tell you, Tony is very good at what he does.
That what he does.
Oh, here he goes again.
Well, he's a great columnist.
Yeah.
He's a great humorist.
So his, so his Drew Pearson was a great columnist.
Do you think he should have been on Monday night football?
Nearly.
Not listening to what I'm saying.
Go ahead.
Finish him.
He's great at what he says.
Oh, Jack Anderson.
Go ahead.
Now they're putting him in a different time in a real all together.
Yeah.
Trying to recreate Howard Cosell in his great humorist.
I don't know that he can do that.
I can't do it.
So Mike Tureko is so weak.
I like you.
You realize how desperate it is these days?
You know, I guess what's happened over the last 20 years or so is that they've discovered
all the young people from trying to be played by play people because all the ex-docs get the jobs.
And as a result, there's like, there's nobody.
I mean, you know, let's face it.
I know Al's a friend of yours, but Al and Madden, six more years.
I mean, for Christ's sake, what are they going to do?
Buried him on the air?
God, God almighty.
Madden must be a hundred years old already.
He's only 78.
Like a little liar.
Is he?
Yeah, I see by 78.
Good God.
Get somebody new.
And, you know, just like all these, another thing out, these 80's,
you know, you know, you know, you know something out here, isn't that that's why you got some.
Mike Tareko is young.
Yeah.
But he's, well, maybe he's young, but he's not good.
That's the problem.
Well, then who do you want?
Who's that major?
How about Stan Major?
That's a good name.
Yeah.
It's like you said, they have a job.
They're on a good, they have a job.
I'm not going to tell you that because all the ex-jocs took the jobs.
So now there are no budding young sports casters coming along.
Howard from Boka.
Yeah, he's available.
He's a budding young sports casters, not older than Mathusla.
Although, I'll be honest with you, that he'd been improvement over Mike Tareko.
If he had any idea who was on the field, I bet, you know, he sure is all does a better job than Mike Tareko.
You know, trying to be a fair and not letting your prejudices interfere.
Oh, that's correct.
Have you heard Tareko do football?
Yes, he did the Orange Bull game.
He sucks.
Very boring.
Siphon that.
Yeah, and of course, along with Thiesman and Tony Cornhole,
we're going to be really simulating broadcast.
It'll bring me into all those memories of, in fact, the only one that will be in the memories of his Gifford
because he was the only boring one of the three.
I like that a bit.
And he has his guy.
Cosell was great, but I didn't like Meredith.
I never liked that crap with it.
Tarek, I have the life, the party, and all this singing and the crap.
I didn't like him.
I mean, the broadcasts were fun because of Cosell, but not Don Meredith, Dandy Don, just.
And then of course they had OJ on there for a while.
He killed me.
And who else did they have on?
I liked Meredith.
No, I didn't.
I hated him.
Tarek, not the life.
It's the party, a really redneck, you know, really Yahoo.
I didn't eat either.
I thought it was the combination of Cosell and Meredith work.
Yeah, that worked okay, yeah.
But that was because of Cosell.
If you take Cosell out of the mix, what are you got left in?
Well, Meredith did a pretty good job of being a four.
With times.
Yeah.
Yeah, I thought it was...
Yeah, well, it was a good thing.
It was a great telecast, but most because of Cosell.
I mean, Gifford is his vanilla as tapioca pudding.
He's just terminal.
And barely, barely even literate.
He's like semi-aliterate.
And you know it's true.
I know you don't want to say it because he's not one of your buddies, but he's horrible.
There just aren't any great sports casters.
We've been through this a million times.
The good sports casters are all dead.
God, there used to be so many.
Remember Frank Delieber that used to do the Browns game?
Yeah, I do.
Oh, God was he been in Ken Coleman to the games on television?
Well, Frank Delieber used to work for CBS.
Frank Delieber was in Dallas.
He also did the Cowboys, remember?
He was great.
And even Chris Shankill is dead.
Not that he was all that great, but he sure was better than Mike Tarrico.
He faked him out of his jockstrap.
He faked him out of his shoes on it.
I just...that sticks in my mind.
That's from like 50 years ago.
That's a true story.
That little carried away.
You couldn't say jockstrap on the year 1956.
I mean, God forbid.
But he said it on live TV.
It was almost as bad as Janet Jackson entered.
Ooby Flap.
And of course they bleeped a couple of words off the Stone's thing.
The Stone's, I think, are the same ages as John Madden now.
110.
Too much old, funny, dirty stuff.
You know, I think it's...
Yeah, by the way, you don't believe that the Stone's was done in the stadium.
Yeah.
Was not done on television.
Really?
Although they were on a five-second delay, they never used it.
I think pretty soon the whole world is going to be on a 30-second delay, you know?
About 30 minutes.
Let's say you don't bet they didn't.
But they beat the Stone's from the stadium.
All cartoons will also be published on a 30-day delay.
Just...we'll have to clear it with a whole world first to make sure nobody gets offended.
And then of course your president.
And that service would not be possible with...
Well, he ought to be on a 30-year delay, yeah.
That's where I'm dead and buried.
Then you can bring him back.
I don't want to see him no more.
Oh, brother.
In fact, I'd rather get more back than see this a bushmeister.
But that's a tough girl if you last.
Huh?
Yeah, I know.
So you don't mind that to my United Football thing.
I guess you want to continue working for your...
Yeah, he sees it.
So you like it.
I didn't say I liked it.
I didn't say anything.
That reminds me of Marshall Cancity calling the races of Belmont and Aqueduct.
The same, you know, some nepotism involved somewhere.
Remember Marshall Cancity?
Sure.
God, he was awful.
The Monday night thing is going to happen.
The big Johnson told me that he was like related to somebody.
He was...he was terrible.
He wasn't as bad as Mike Pataglia.
He was like, you're a good buddy.
Oh, he's just horrible.
I don't think Mike Pataglia is good.
He's brutal.
No, he's not just not good.
He's horrible.
He's just embarrassing, humiliating and degrading.
He's a nice man.
Hey!
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahaha
Oh, God.
He tries hard but finds a subject difficult.
Yeah, yeah.
He just isn't ready for prime time.
He would be great at the old,
county fair harness races, you know?
But that's what he sounds like to me.
He's a county fair kind of guy.
Like in Sturgis, Michigan, or Hillsdale, he'd be perfect there.
Lime of Ohio.
Maybe Solon, Ohio, where Mad Dog's from.
You know, Mad Dog that ripped channel six all day yesterday.
Solon, Ohio.
You know that Joe Mars Jr., the great driver from a finley Ohio,
he once drove a horse called Solon Pick.
That's the only reason I can think of Solon Ohio.
I wonder if Solon and finley Ohio are close together.
I think they are.
Are they?
Yeah.
You know, you've actually heard of finley Ohio?
Yes.
Wow.
No, that's scary.
But you never heard of Joe Mars Jr., though.
I guarantee you.
No, I have not.
Well, hockey and harness racing, man.
I could talk circles about you on that.
At least harness racing.
There's something going on.
The flats, you sit there and you wait.
You wait.
You know, nothing going on.
And they come out like China dolls in the post parade and look like if they even breathed
hard, they would fall down and crack right on the track.
And it's very unfortunate.
It's boring.
I guess I missed that.
Which is why you got to have a big name entertainment like Gary Puckett, Union
Gap and Brooklyn Bridge with Johnny Maestro.
Bring the crowd out for some excitement.
I think they've been a gallstering.
Of course, all those people remember those groups are all dead, but nevertheless.
Who was there?
I was yesterday.
There was a story about some guy Dwarte.
And I kept thinking, remember the Jackie was really hot for about 10 minutes of George
Dwarte.
George, Jorge Dwarte, remember him?
Yep.
I don't remember Gary Cohn though.
And you keep forgetting to ask a 80k about Gary Cohn.
I haven't seen it.
He has brother Marty Cohn.
Huh?
I haven't seen a 80k in a while.
Well, I'm telling you, this is an assignment.
I've been, you're slipping, man.
I've been asking about this for months now.
And I can't believe that you're just putting me on.
Because first of all, how many Jewish jockies have ever written in South Florida in the
first place?
Walter Blum.
I mean, 20 of drivers.
But, yeah, Walter Blum is dead now.
He was a steward for about 50 years.
He was about 110 years old.
He was about 110 years old.
And you got a whole lot of Jewish jockies.
No, they're not.
Well, there was a, now David Cohn in California, you finally figured out who he is, right?
Yeah, I know who he is.
Yeah.
But Gary Cohn, you don't know.
And he was right there in your backyard.
I know who you'll, who you'll Pizzua.
Yeah, he's Jewish.
Victor Malina, he's Jewish.
Jose Valais Jr.
He was Jewish.
My friend Mike Gonzalez was, sounds like an Adam Sandler routine.
Oh, and yesterday I mentioned Bobby Brin.
You remember Bobby?
I remember him, yes.
Long shots, man.
I can't some good tickets on Bobby Brin.
He wasn't like the greatest writer.
But boy, I went up price.
He was always dangerous.
Bobby Brin.
I remember him.
And I really care whether the audience doesn't like this.
And I am loving it.
I enjoy all the old.
Yeah, I do.
I enjoy those good old days.
I don't know how good they were, but.
And then who is the Rick Squartino?
I remember him.
He had a little nose problem.
But boy, Rick was really hot there for one year or whatever.
And all of a sudden he had a little...
He got too much money, too fast.
He had some problems.
He was on my show one time, Rick Squartino and I and Z.
To watch the Grammys?
You were on my show in I and Z with the Tony Cigarette one time, too.
And I said, Crane Frace or something like that.
And you both looked at me like I was in Lunditick.
You know, I remember that show.
You know, I remember being on your show.
When you were there, when I was suspended from the WI O.T.
Really?
Yeah.
I remember that.
Yeah, you and me on.
Yeah.
And I had said something about you in my Emmy news story.
Oh, because I was asked what my favorite radio show was or something.
And I said, you.
Yeah.
And that's first time I met you.
Well, I'll be damned.
Yep.
I don't think that's right.
The first time you met me was on a Pamela Larry King.
When I was like, uh, called Bill Carter had me do a couple weekends on here.
And Larry had me on with you in Sig Shai and Phil Saltsman talking about gambling or handicapped
and a some such crap.
You were on that panel.
I was.
That's when Larry was having his panel.
That was probably his first panel.
You know, Larry's always got these great panels.
Yeah.
We were the first panel.
Sig Shai is probably dead.
Phil Saltsman, there was a big Shai long gone.
Yeah.
And you and me in Phil.
So there's three Jews still around.
And what's Phil doing by the way?
See Phil Saltsman anymore?
I saw him at the, I think I saw him at Gulf Stream.
Great guy.
He didn't give his hockey tickets to real jackasses, but I don't go to the games anyway.
So what do I care?
That would show you.
Yeah.
Well, well, how am I going to go to the games if I don't go to the games here?
Why would I go to the games there?
No, I would put him on TV.
So we'd get his hockey tickets.
Yeah.
Well, let's look.
We already did it with the jockeys.
We're not going to start with that hockey stuff now.
Okay.
We'll save that for tomorrow.
Well, listen, have a great day.
I'm already way past the first break.
Tell him I've fixed it that I said hi and stay the hell away from here.
Don't ever even think about coming up here.
Okay.
If he comes here, I'll be gone.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Not personal, just that I don't want to see him.
I can just see the two of you hanging out with him together.
I can just, I can just see him coming up here and diddling with this equipment, man.
It's all I need is him and here.
About a half an hour, this place would be a war battle zone nightmare.
Have a great day and don't lose too much.
Obviously, often doubtful gambling today.
A fool with his money or soon-ported.
Okay.
Adios.
Bye.
Hi, this is Red Deer Animal or Atlantic Coast Mortgage.
The only mortgage company in South Florida at the same location since 1982.
Why would you deal with someone else?
One branch and ready to help serve you?
If you want a free cruise, don't call them.
If you want it, terrain on a sunny day, don't call them.
If you don't want the pay closing costs, don't call them.
If you want great-
Straight dog, call them.
Atlantic Coast Mortgage.
In day, call real buy 944-0733 or embrow to Bomb Beach at 954-987-8077.
Hey Atlantic Coast Mortgage.
Hank Goldberg.
We came morning 7-10.
Wayne Wade, dressed on sports radio 560-QAM.
These two games this week.
Are they a measuring stickin' away for you guys?
I'm saying I'm saying we don't want to gain fend if we lose.
These two games were not enough and I'll see.
I want to give you a kiss.
Okay.
Okay, that's all we're gonna have time for.
We don't have time for a bit now.
That's because we talked ourselves into a way or back ourselves into a corner.
How are you gonna do?
1015 at 560-WQ.
I'm happy Thursday, February 9th.
We got guilty at two.
Guilty as a mad dog at four who's gonna rip a channel four today.
Kind of balance it out.
And then channel 10 tomorrow.
Robert De LaWango show with Guilty at 630-7 o'clock at 2 o'clock.
It's hurricane hotline from Bernie Cossar's steakhouse.
The beast at Bernie Cossar's at 9.
So there's three hours, solid hours you can take a nap.
And Eddie K. after that.
Stuff.
Hey, okay, all you guys out there.
Valentine's Day is coming up in just a few days.
Next Tuesday.
Last thing you want to do is spend the weekend shopping.
So here's exactly what you should do.
Send a pajama gram.
A pajama gram is the perfect way to sport your wife or girlfriend or both.
And give them exactly what they want.
So receive the best pajama delivered in a hat box.
You'll love along with a lavender sachet, a gift card,
and a do not disturb sign all for free.
Setting a pajama gram only takes a few minutes,
but you'll think you'll spend a month planning it.
It'll make you look like a real bench.
Shop online at pajamagram.com or call 1-800-GIV-PJs.
Find all the top brands from company to sexy.
Great bath and body gift to all the spa stuff that women just love.
Plus the packaging is amazing.
You don't have to wrap anything.
A pajama gram is the perfect gift.
Invested all that you think of you and think about you
and think on you every time they put them on.
Women want to be pampered and this is a gift that you'll both love.
Valentine's Day delivered guaranteed.
You start plenty of time.
So call today 1-800-GIV-PJs or visit pajamagram.com right now.
Be sure and tell them that ancient Neil told you to call 1-800-GIV-PJs.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5-16-Q-A-S.
For the flagship station.
Welcome.
Thank you.
For you I need a plonk.
I need a cow.
Folks stand.
They're high.
I have a tail.
For you I need a plonk.
I need a saddle slot.
In a straw glide.
When a cowboys low and troubled.
Time to cuddle up and snuggle.
Happy tales for you.
And for the Christian soldier man.
I guarantee it.
If the 1930s they would have had television, Hitler would have been on TV every day.
Yeah.
Propaganda icing and brainwashing.
And it took over for him a terrorist name.
Alerbi was kept.
There you go.
But it would put it every day.
What did I tell you?
He said his own show every single day on the Talking Head Networks.
Every day they got some contrab reason to have him on air.
He's making a speech over here.
He's talking a lot of crap over there.
It's disgusting.
So the good news is that I got my copy of Bear Ass mounting right here.
George sent me.
A bootleg illegal copy by the way.
That's right.
My address says.
I sure hope it's a fine copy.
It's adequate.
So I guess I'll be watching that today.
Maybe this afternoon.
I'll finish.
I'll be just weekend.
Or maybe I just won't watch it at all.
I'll watch it.
Although I got so many others on my list now.
American history, X and crash.
And Schindler's list.
And a shot shot.
I guarantee you that of Myson Mania.
Of Myson that is a nice safe movie for you to watch.
I'm really, really terminally bored.
Just a good story.
And Fred, I mentioned that thing about the Monday Night Football to Hank.
But he can't say too much because he's part of that sports fraternity.
You know, he don't want to alienate these people.
He haven't throw his pitfalls at him.
Next time they see him.
A Marlon Stadium deal.
Maybe a long shot.
There's a thing in the hero here which I don't think I want to waste any time going through this.
Because it's the same old jazz.
And it's highly unlikely.
But a beep, but a beep, but a bump.
It's a long shot.
Dave County doesn't want to throw in the towel yet.
And they're talking about doing it over here next, developing the stadium,
which they need some help from Wayne.
And putting a roof on the current stadium, which certainly isn't going to happen.
And Haya Lea, which nobody would have right mind wants to.
And Haya Lea, even the people who live there want out.
A plot of landage Asian to Miami Intermodal Center.
I have no idea.
Do you ever hear that the Intermodal Center?
No, but the way they change the names.
And ambitious transit hub under construction near the airport.
They provide access to the Metro Rail train and bus routes.
Oh, yeah, out by the airport.
That's a real good spot for it.
And then.
And they're also talking about maybe how about a half cent increase in the sales tax?
Or maybe a full pennies increase in Dave County.
And they come up with that extra 160 million or 300 million in the need for the.
You know, whatever that yeah.
And having a referendum.
I don't even know why they waste the time because it would be so overwhelmingly.
The public is not going to give you guys a dime.
Okay, that's just the bottom line.
It's the way it is.
Well, maybe even the people who go to the games are not going to give you no money to build you guys a stadium.
I beg your pardon?
Maybe if we word it as a triple negative.
Yeah.
Yeah. Are you against it?
But you really think you're forward and no matter how this comes out,
can we give them the money?
Some like that, right?
Mark from Hellendale Beat says.
Oh, he's getting let me do yesterday's poor result for a settle take couple hours.
And I got a great story from the Toronto star.
They must be psychic or maybe I was.
Turin, Torino was the name of the game about the whole thing with the name.
I hate to break the news to you, but they're wrong.
NBC is wrong and anybody else who's calling it Torino games.
I mean, yeah, it does make any sense.
And the art of bears that out, by the way.
And other known operatives.
Anyway, here's the result of yesterday.
Oh, he just seriously.
There's just no words to describe him.
I just want to just do giant piles when I see him.
Like that big thing says at the bottom of our website,
how can 50 million plus Americans be so stupid?
Are you really that dumb that this is your idea of a president that this butcher,
this murderer, this doofus is your idea of the leader of the free world?
Seriously, the fact that he's still got 39% approval rating.
That indicates to me that there are a lot of rich folks out there who love those tax cuts.
I got the tax cuts.
I'd be more than glad to give them back just to get rid of him.
Please.
Just retire.
Why?
I said, you can kick it downstairs.
Yeah, old style.
Yeah.
Other than Godfather, a movie could watch a zillion times is how many books do we have?
We have 1710.
Well, that's the frequency of that first sports competitor.
1790.
The fan.
1890.
Blazing Saddles 175.
That's just this whole thing is just, it makes me almost as angry as...
And because of these efforts, it's him.
Blazing Saddles 175.
Pulp Picture 134.
Animal House 103.
My cousin Vinnie 90.
It was my cousin Vinnie.
We need that good.
It wasn't that good.
It was just fine.
How's that?
The Shawshank Redemption 75.
I'm going to be watching that this weekend.
Next line, Poon Vacation 70.
Seen it.
Very funny.
Seen it more than once.
I don't want to see it again.
Very funny.
Caddy Shack 67.
Seen it more than once.
Very funny.
Don't ever want to see it again.
Airplane 64.
I'd watch that again.
Sure.
Wizard of Oz.
60 saw it 100 years ago.
It was very entertaining.
Very interesting.
Judy Garland was very cute.
And the...
Exactly.
And don't want to see it again.
The greatest game 57.
Plains, Trains and Automobiles 54.
Now let's see.
Steve Martin was John Candy and that too?
Yes.
Steve, we're okay.
Fargo 53 with the great Francis McDormand and William H. Macey.
What she's just.
Huh?
They both are.
Great.
Yeah.
Well they're both great, but she just especially.
Well, because everybody talks about him.
And that Francis McDormand...
Oh, you like it a lot.
I kind of like the funny looking one.
The same producers and Francis also in raising Arizona.
Right.
Very funny.
I'm a senior.
Very funny.
I am dead to my list.
Scarface 52, Goodfellas 49, Glenn Gerigland Ross.
You're fair.
46.
The Natural 41, Stupid Baseball Movie.
Star Wars 39, Rocky Horror Picture Show 35.
The life of Brian 32, that's about to chickenack.
Lord of the Rings.
Stop turning man.
The Good of Bad and Dan Dombraski.
David Dombraski, 29.
Dan Drockenbrout.
Heat 25, Office Space 23, The Big Lebowski 22.
Dumb and Dumber 19.
Reservoir $19.
West Side Story 18, Come On.
Silence of Lans and Smokey of the Bandit, Die Hard, Joe Dirt, Each Head 17.
14, Catorce for Coming to America and Sin City.
Today the Earth stood still, Head.
Old Lucky Number 13.
Casino 11, Let It Ride 11.
A 9 for the Canine Mutiny, Roger Rabbit, Rounders, 8 for Pink Floyd, The Wall, Little Big Man.
7 for the Exorcist and Spartacus.
Half-baked for a 6, Platoon 6.
Five for Standing the Shadows of Motown, lethal weapon minority report.
Slingslaid 4, Longest Year Art 3, Karate Kid 3.
And two for Ben Hurrin, Imaginary Heroes.
My choice was dead last, with Ben Hurrin.
You asked me if I'd hear, I don't care, if it was on a game or so.
I said, you always watch it again, I just like it.
And I just, the email Herschar, I love Sigourney Weaver and Ernie Jeff.
See the part about the bastard father, you know, see, I can relate to that.
Why is it that there's so many bad fathers?
I don't know.
I mean, mothers can be real pain in the asses, you might know, and I know.
But fathers generally tend to be the real hard-bitten bastards, really.
Especially fathers of guys.
I think fathers get along better with their daughters.
Okay, well, I only have daughters, so I get all those.
See, there you go.
But fathers and sons are just the generally speaking, almost always something really hostile.
I don't know.
Well, certainly the sons.
Yeah, oh, and what about if two sons?
Oh my goodness, yeah.
Put you over the edge.
By convincing people across the Muslim world, 28 past 10 a.k.a.
This, a new writer, is the Go-Go-Go-R.
This is 5.16 Q.A.M.
I just got arriving this summer from executive reproducers Brad Pitt and Andrew N. Jolie
comes the blockbuster birth you've all been waiting for.
Mr. and Mrs. Smith, genetically perfect baby.
For your old married sense, a beautiful younger sibling to pick on, I'll give it forward.
One year old's hair says, I laughed, I cried, I prepared a suffer from a kick case of middle childhood.
Jennifer and S.S. I'm glad it's not me who's pregnant.
If you see a new one, celebrity mega bird, this summer, see me, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, genetically perfect baby, waited PD for the PD.
1032 at 5.60 WQM.
Here's today's pool and Mark from Hellenbeil Beach already has a suggestion.
I guess Mark doesn't realize that Oprah is going to have her own channel on XM.
Woo!
Huh? Can't wait.
All Oprah all day.
Well, I mean, plus her friends and maybe she'll have that author again with the attendnity lies.
Yeah.
So, as high Neil and George as far as today's pool question, which is what he listened to before 10 before this show on a radio.
I listened to my XM radio until 10 a.m. and then I listened to the Neil Roger show when it's in charity.
You go, Mark.
When Neil has a day off, I listen to Mr. George Rodriguez who does an outstanding job.
Please excuse the flagrant suck up that says.
Thank you.
I think he's adequate.
If upon Neil's retirement, George does not land his own radio show, especially locally, it would be a damn shame.
That's what he says.
Also, I tried to call a show regarding yesterday's movie pool.
I would have suggested Kuku's Nest Grouse Tulate.
The scene with Charlie Cheswick demanding a cigarette of Mr. Ranch's is a Mahaya.
No, and that's, I would say it's a panic, not a Mahaya.
Mahaya is like, market with it.
Learn some English.
If you had that sound, I could have played his play.
Oh, yeah. Here you go.
I want Mahaya's cigarette, Mr. Ranch.
He's dead by the way.
Is it?
Yeah.
She's not though.
Nope.
And I always think it's Ellen Burston, but it's not.
It's Luis Fletcher.
Luis Fletcher.
Same person, I think.
Anyway, there's Mark from Hellenburg, who listens to XM.
So we did throw XM on there.
But I think a lot of the people who, all those truck drivers that have XM,
another they know that Oprah is going to be on there.
And you got Martha Stewart on Sirius.
I mean, what more could you want?
You know?
Oh, that's where all the, you know, howards on there.
So that all the audience is going to go there.
And evidently, a lot of Mark is our poll today.
We got 618 votes, and it is shocking.
What radio show do you listen to in the morning before 10am?
Hank, 132, the Humber.
21.3% of this audience.
None, 83.
That's what I voted.
I don't listen to the radio.
Period.
I'm tired of it.
Sick of it.
Oh.
Error America's 79.
NPR 74.
Howard Stern, and there's Sirius 59.
9.5%.
Aren't you shocked by that or actually spending money?
Well, the reason I know they're spending money because we had a separate category
for listening to Howard on some pirate, either a pirate station or on the internet,
or through some devious means not paying for it.
That's separate category.
Stern 59 on Sirius.
Joe Rose 46.
There's more of our people listening to Howard than there are two little dogs.
Ron and Paul 37.
Bob and Tom 37.
Now, that's that.
How do you like that?
They're not even officially in Dave Howard during Palm Beach.
You know, the station they really have to make an effort to listen to Bob and Tom.
The guy to call the other day, he was right.
He was absolutely correct.
I think that's the solution, man.
Bob and Tom 6 to 10.
Mad Dog 2 to 5.
Hank 5 to 8.
How's that?
Hank got it like that because he'll only be working like an hour and a half most days.
Because we got all these, right?
Yeah, he'd like that.
Other music station 27.
I don't want to list all the music stations because it's, you know what crack that is.
W-Y-What?
It is.
W-Y-D-14.
More right-wing crap.
I don't even know what that guy's name is.
When Beck is at it, rhymes with Todd Dreck.
That's one of their names, I don't know.
No Spick at English station 10.
And again, I certainly don't want to list those.
Is that something?
10 of our people listen to some stationo speaking and I could be music like radio Amor or radio Ramon Sia or whatever.
Haitian melodies.
Or it could be that too, man.
XM8 Howard Stern Pirate 5.
Allegedly, we're going to trace all of those and congratulate you.
I mean, why the hell should we be peered about them?
I'll say it again, we're a pirate radio.
We don't have no license.
WFTL4, magic 1 or 2.74.
Mr. Ego Steve Kane on the station that if he paid me $50 million cash right now,
I couldn't tell you the qualities too.
Isn't that pathetic?
Yeah, well, that makes two.
I used to think it was WWN or something like that.
And that was the motivation station, I believe.
Remember that thing that lasted about 10 minutes?
And they motivated, they could motivate and made a list into it.
Mr. Ego's got a peer.
Why 100's got a peer?
It's not our crowd.
The power 96 element, they only, that's definitely not our crowd.
And in addition to which all those punks are in school right now.
So like tonight, when they get a chance to vote on this poll,
when they get home from the school this afternoon tonight,
there will be zillions of punks on their voting.
Not, not.
Not our crowd.
What do you want to poison their ears with all these filth and venom
and spew them that we spew on their ways on the show?
Allocation I do get it right.
This touring story is fabulous.
WNQYM, hello.
Hey, Ego.
Yeah.
Yeah, let me ask question.
I'm not pale yesterday.
Was fierce viewers day off on there?
No.
All right, that was pretty good.
Anyway, as far as Bob and Tom go,
there are the, in my opinion, there are apologists for the human race.
They still have obnoxious people like paid manning on there.
And when they have that scandal about the girls getting raped
or having that orgy on that photo a couple of months back with Minnesota,
they ask paid manning if that type of thing really goes on in the NFL.
Like he's really going to tell them.
And they moonser off in the state.
They're put set.
Like I said, I think let's forget about Bob and Tom.
Yeah, I listen to him because they give others basically nothing else on.
I'm up in zero beach.
I listen to NPR because it's pretty informative.
And I'll switch back and forth because Bob and Tom will have good comedians on there.
One thing that got me about Bob and Tom,
they had a black comedian all day one day.
And they brought up the N word.
And Bob says, oh, that word just makes me feel so uncomfortable.
And after that, I was like, Mike,
they're just apologists for the human race.
Oh, they're probably like ripping the cartoonist now too.
Okay, thank you, Kelly.
Anyway, I'm a guy that found the school bus the other day and re-rendered it.
Okay.
Okay, I have no idea what he's talking about.
Do you hear the note?
No.
That's probably a zero beach, probably a big story up there.
Anyway, I don't know.
I mean, Bob and Tom, to me, I've heard him many, many times,
but a long time ago.
And they do some funny bits, although it's them.
But I guess we don't want them.
I guess not.
Well, that guy doesn't want them.
Although he does listen to them because there's nothing else on.
See that?
I'm always very suspect about that.
I just, I don't know.
You know, he seems to know a little bit too much about everything they do.
You know what I mean?
Like the people, oh, and I need a Roger's.
I want to listen to him because he does this and he said that.
And just the other day, he said, yeah, just the other day, he said.
And then he go on chapter and verse.
They can quote, every single thing you said.
They can tell you how many times.
Oh, by the way, speaking of that.
So I've been fighting off.
Notice the great job.
I just fighting off that cold.
Very good job, isn't that?
I was right on the edge of it.
And yesterday, it would bind.
I'm stupid to go there.
I should never go in there.
And I'm, my throat is really scratchy because the environment there, the air, you know.
And they keep it too cold in there to keep you awake and losing your ass.
And I thought for sure my neck was getting stiff and so I came home.
And I took a hot shower and when I went to bed, I put a whole bunch of vixen
on my neck and under my nose.
It was very good.
It's like magic.
Love vixen.
But in the shower, I'm going to turn you something right now.
I don't want to get too graphic.
I'm going to get all that out of your heart.
When I turn loose some gas, I swear to you.
You talk about getting away from oil dependency.
That kind of fueled everybody who's listening to me right now could have fueled your automobile for at least six months.
All of you.
Peeled the wallpaper.
I am just, and appealed my layer of skin off my face.
I felt like they'd tick from France there with a face.
France.
Oh, what?
She ought to get a refund.
Bad job.
Oh, I'll tell you.
And there's a lot more.
Well, let's get a face transplant for him.
Sorry, I just don't have to look at that.
Push anymore.
Oh, I'm good about a face transplant as a matter of fact.
Do we?
On your website.
I don't look at the cards tonight.
I know you don't.
I don't want to be offended.
Probably some Danish, Ojramp, Provacatura, Putemann.
No doubt.
Anyway, after the break, I got a stir from the Toronto star.
Torino is the name of the game.
And this is exactly what I was talking about yesterday.
It's not Torino, baby.
That's Italian.
It's Italian.
And I'm going to save you one more time.
If the games, if the Olympics are ever held in Florence, they will not call it the forensic games.
They just won't do that.
That's Italian for Florence.
And if the games are invented, they certainly won't say, Vinnetzia.
No, no, they will not do that.
So where they come up with this Torino crap on NBC, it's probably because Brian Williams
hit his own cock eye.
That's probably what it's got to do with.
And in fact, he's got 98 teeth.
This is Neil Rogers.
He's fairly this.
He's 5.62.
A.M.
Don't drop here in the taxi.
Car in the bus.
Drive him.
Central Park.
You look at me.
So quesically.
I could know he was in the dark.
So I acted out my puncture in with my arms, the trees I made.
There's no bug.
He speaks English and a model.
I went down to my, yeah, I met with each weather.
There was no sense in me.
I walked into a little store.
But the guy there talks real fun.
I asked him for a pint of Belgium Beemysus, not to end up.
What does that mean?
The butter's pushing with a mall.
That's a cornered deli.
Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan.
Speak English and melee.
All you can go back to our ass.
I came here a month ago.
Where my ABC is.
I don't say much is gross.
I said pretty much.
So get yourself to a classroom quicker in America now.
Stop making this bit.
You know what?
I speak English.
I'm in the top of the top.
What's your name?
It's a bit.
I mean, that's one of the more mild ones.
But then again, it's one of the few we can play anymore because of your voice.
See, when you have your lunch with our leader on Monday, you might want to, you know, red,
you're going to be doing a lot of self-serving stuff, which is fine because you never got that chance before.
Right.
But you might also want to mention that, you know, don't give us conflicting signals.
In other words, find out if we can say hello or goodbye.
And, you know, don't give me any false hopes if we're going to go back and do this or do that because they got my hands tied behind my back and back.
I can't do the show, which is fine.
You know, I always got good intentions, but you know what they say about that.
Right.
No, I play the cover all the bases.
Cover all the bases.
Touch them twice just to be nice.
Just try and be safe.
Because I just, there are some things that still do grind my ass about that whole approach about,
well, you know, that you can't do this, you can't do that.
That's not right.
You know, giving me that green light and all of a sudden, well, guess what?
The choices were called the shots.
Well, I help with joy.
Speaking of shots, there's one for you, Joyce.
Bitch.
See, if you want to think if she was qualified, if she had any idea what she was talking about,
and if we were like operating with an FCC guidelines as grotesque as they are, I have no problem with that.
We're operating within Joyce guidelines.
And she has absolutely no business in making up any of this crap.
And then, of course, the excuse being, well, we still don't have our license,
and that's because Greg Reid made a lot of really bad mistakes.
Yeah.
Well, in some other words, we got to pay the price for that.
We have to pay the price for Greg Reid's mistakes.
But it was nice getting paid two days earlier this payday.
We'll see what happens next time.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, well.
I think the guy's got very good intentions, and he's a good guy in the Audi, Audi, Audi.
But there's, when you're working for this company, tremendous restrictions on what you can do
because they just haven't got a clue, and you don't know what to do, because you know you're going to get screwed.
Anyway, Turin Torino is the name of the game.
Oh, so Bush just used his latest opportunity.
You know what this is all about?
Absolutely.
And for the first time, we revealed details about this foil terrorist plot to bomb the LA Library building.
Right.
And the tower and how they were going to use shoe bombers to break through the cockpit of a commercial jet.
And they were going to take over to play in and fly to the LA Library Tower.
This is all part of this brainwashing in the American public.
Safety, safety, safety.
So let's get it out of the security.
Right.
In other words, look how well a great job I'm doing in protecting you, and all the people that could be dead now, if we weren't doing this great job.
And of course, all the other things they've talked about, the alleged plot that they formed in Detroit,
and that sell that they've had that turn out to be BS, the one in Buffalo also turned out to be BS.
So I've no reason to believe that this one got foiled.
The only one that we know got foiled was the LA Airport, LAX.
And that was because of a very alert customs agent in Canada, Anthony Kennedy, the US border on a West Coast.
Remember that?
He was very suspicious of the guy and they opened the truck and there was all these explosives.
That had nothing to do with Homeland Security, with George W. Bush, with Renta, whatever's name is, Renta Yenta, Mickey, what is his name?
From Homeland Security, Chirta.
Oh, yeah, Michael.
Yeah, Mickey Chirta, not Michael anymore. It's always Mickey Brownie, you know, Brownie Hound.
So that's what this is. So in other words, if we eavesdrop and we love foiled, we...
That's what this is all about. Damage control.
To try to like turn a whole deal around while Cowerova is running around threatening with death, all the Republicans,
you better not vote for that or this guy we're going to get impeached, then you're really going to your ass will be grasped.
So that's why things go. And of course they got Mrs. Limbaugh on there. She's, you know, anchoring this thing and they got a bunch of shills on there.
Oh, it was very interesting to hear for the first time the details of this foiled plot. Yeah, just sucking up real big time.
CNN needs to be taken out. You know, then we'll worry about the real deal.
I can't watch her.
Who's that? Mrs. Limbaugh?
Yeah, and by the way, although I did before I flipped just that, she was standing up. They almost never show her standing up.
Yeah, her two tango.
Her both tango.
Her both tango.
Her both tango.
Her both tango.
Her both tango.
Her both tango.
Her both tango.
Her both tango.
Her both tango.
That could be.
It could come in handy, you know, like when she's sitting down.
Turin, Tarrino is the name of the game.
Italy and media tell the tale of one city and two spellings.
IOC and NBC go Italian.
Others mix it up for the Olympics. This is an article in today's tomato starry.
Turin or Tarrino, that is the question.
You say tomato.
I say tomato.
I say a Tarrino.
You say Tarrino.
If you're Italian, you can say Tarrino.
If you're like an Italy.
Even if you're speaking Italian, huh?
If you're speaking Italian.
If you speak Italian.
If that's your primary language.
If you're like an American or like some dumb frog.
For example, I mean, I'm trying to think of a way to express it, but like Spanioli.
That's the Spanioli.
That's the Titan for Spanish, right?
To them saying.
Right.
Or like the various countries.
I mean, Espania.
The Spanish.
We say Havana, not La Rana.
Right.
And it's Spanish.
It's Spain.
It's Espania, right?
Not Spain.
Yeah.
If you live in the city hosting the Winter Olympics, it's Turin.
You know, if you live there, same if you're watching NBC.
In this paper in the Toronto Star, it's Turin.
Oh, how do you like that, eh?
USA Day?
Turino.
Listen to CBC.
Well, the city is Turin, but it's the Turino games.
They're at CBC.
They're all over the place.
It wasn't Roma.
It wasn't Munchen for Munich or Maxxva for Moscow.
But Valentino Castellani, chief of the Olympics organizing committee for Turin, said it decided
years ago with NBC to give an Italian identity of these games.
That is the lamest excuse.
As a child, it referred to New York as Nouveau, York.
He said, well, that's his problem.
OK.
Who the hell has seen it be?
He's screwing up the rest of us.
Now we all say New York.
He said, I would like that after these games.
People remember Turin as Turino.
What?
He doesn't understand.
It all depends on what language you're speaking.
Because people speak Spanish or Italian or French or whatever, they don't refer to New York as New York.
You jackass, you idiot.
You fare exactly.
God, what a moron.
Hey, Germany, there's another good example.
What do they call it?
What is who called?
Deutschland.
Exactly.
Right.
We don't know what Deutschland is.
Right.
Hey, you better get with Deutschland, Mr. Uri.
You know what good for you.
Yeah, that's it.
That's right.
Let's see, W-A-DNA, the Mike and Mike, or what does that mean?
Mike and me.
Well, let's just put ESPN radio on there.
OK.
That's Jim Sarni's favorite.
He's working real hard to get that Evan Cohen hired on our station.
Nobody ever heard of him.
Evan Cohen.
Good Jewish boy.
This is what he needs another Jew on here.
Good God.
What do you think about that idea?
Or W-DNA.
Is that still on the year 88.9?
And what is it?
I don't know.
Do we want to put K-P-X on there?
OK.
I can't believe it.
What about the K-P-X-W-M?
What about the K-P-X-W-M?
The Mike and Mike, the Mike and Mike, doesn't tell us, shall we?
Hey.
I wish I could pick up either one of those stations.
But I can't.
A majority of print organizations have decided to abide by long-standing style guidelines
to anglicize foreign place names when writing in English.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
Oh, very good example.
Leave it to the sky.
It's the shroud of terrain, for instance, not the shroud of terino.
And when the World Cup comes to Germany this summer, we will write that games will be played
in Munich, not Munchen, said Terry Tiver, associated press sports editor.
Munchen.
Yeah, that's what they're doing over there.
They're munchen on brass.
Munchen.
That's how you say Munich in Germany.
Sounds funny.
Grrrr.
What do you mean by that?
Well, because it's German.
German all sounds funny.
It's got that real gutter-wool sound to it.
I mean, like Dutch.
You think German sounds funny.
Dutch.
Good.
It's got a miss-mallet.
Great and partly, the Toronto Star Sports Editor said yesterday this paper is using
Truin because it's consistent with star-style, anglicizing the names of foreign cities.
We write about Rome and Florence, not Rome and Fernza.
Looking ahead, we'll write about the 2008 Olympics in Beijing.
I hate to even think how the Chinese spell it.
Like, yeah.
NBC, which has broadcast right to the 2006 games, went with terino after NBC sports chairman Dick
Everstall visited the former national capital.
Dick was hearing the way the locals were saying terino and how it's so magnificently Italian,
how it rolls off the tongue.
Floreeno said Mike McCarley, who has president of communications and marketing for NBC sports,
he decided on that trip we would call terino.
Again, a really half-assed excuse for getting it wrong.
You know, he decided.
And that great, all these individuals making up a crap.
And again, maybe nitpicking and I don't like nitpickers or nosepickers,
but I'm going to tell you right now, I'd write frost my ass because it is not terino.
Even the official website of the Olympic Movement reveals division on the issue
referring to terino 2006, but the city as Turin.
Spokesman Mark Dolly said yesterday that organization follows ap style guidelines,
but also wants to use the official name of the games.
The CBC and radio candidate taking slightly different approaches, the English public broadcast is calling the event,
terino 2006 and the terino games to reflect the IOC this into accepting Italian name,
it uses Turin to describe the city where it be happening.
Does that make sense to you now?
No.
With the possible exception to some graphic elements, the French broadcaster will refer exclusively to
Turin 2006, a radio candidate spokesperson, Gullin Ofero.
Gullin Ofero.
We're doing French games that we're using in French, said Ofero.
Jason Sordy personally, throughout the district of the National Congress of Italian Canadians,
said that if this were 20 years ago, Canadians would be calling the city Turin,
much as they say John Cabot as opposed to Giovanni Caboto.
Yeah, that's a good example, right?
Like Christopher Columbus, what that was his name, Saul Schwartz?
Cristobal Cololo.
Whatever his name was, it wasn't Christopher Columbus, that's the English-sized name.
Right, right, right, I just told you what it was.
Oh, well, I can't say that.
Yeah, you can't.
T'allianno, baby.
Oh, I guess Tareena to me sounds like it would be a city in Italy.
Turin could be, well, Colone is not Italian, I don't care how you just said it, that's not correct.
Sorry.
But that's not Italian, that's his name.
What?
Cristobal Colone.
No, Colone?
Colone.
Spastic?
It is now?
I guess Tareena to me sounds like it would be a city in Italy.
Turin could be any number of places, Germany, France.
It doesn't have a particularly Italian sounding sound to it, put it that way.
Oh, that's a good excuse, we don't like the way it sounds, it doesn't sound schmalsy enough, so let's call it Tareena.
Why not say it properly?
That's right, call it Tareena, you jackass.
You don't have to get the pronunciation 100% right now.
Right on, to make the effort called Tareena, it said Tareena is appreciated, said this jackass, this idiot.
That would be like saying Toronto.
There is a, the original Toronto, it was in Italy.
Toronto is how they said.
They don't say that here that way, huh?
See what I'm saying?
Get it right, idiot.
It's all the excuses, some individual makes something up in a world jumps right on you, NBC.
Dick Abrasal is the anti-Christ.
Stinking NBC, I hope the peacock gets a bird flu.
Okay, 659 votes on our poll today, very important and scientific survey to find out what's going on.
699 is a matter of fact, we're going to make a thousand in today, Josh.
Is Josh there, is he a napping?
No, I'm here, man.
You waiting for the food?
We haven't ordered anything yet.
But why not?
I don't know, we've got four from one night.
From the melting pot, man.
Well, these guys went to the melting pot, now which one was it?
Still set the one and four at Lauderdale right off of Lauderdale last night.
And just raving about how great it was on and on.
It really took a couple of notches.
Dipping it and dunking it, now it's more elaborate than it ever used to be.
It used to be fairly simple and straightforward.
Now they use the double boilers to keep everything the same temperature.
Right.
It's just, they've got all these different flavors and you dunk marshmallows with graham cracker crust into all kinds of raspberry, chocolate, it's all simple things.
They do come in too, boy.
Good thing I'm not there, I'll take it back.
That would finish, that would fill the smile.
All was killed in.
What radio show do you listen to the morning before 10 before you?
And of course you better be listening to the 10 to this show.
We're going to be really peace, peace off.
Hank 143, none 97.
There you go.
Air America 88.
Who they got on the morning?
Do we have any idea?
And we don't care.
NPR 83, Howard Stern, they're serious 70, 9.8% of this crowd.
Listen down, serious in the morning.
Joe Rose 51, Ron and Paul 46, Bob and Tom 45 and spider.
What that guy said that we're into that school bus.
All the music station 29, WID 14, all right, wings all the time.
No speaking English station 11, XM 10, what they can't wait for all over all day.
Howard Stern pirate six, they're stealing it.
And I commend them highly.
Why do I not?
Why pay for when you can get it for free?
So radio two, magic one or 2.75 WFTL four, Mr. Ego Steve Kane, he still stuck on two on a station that even he doesn't know the callers.
While in 102, power 961, Mike and Mike in the morning, that's ESPN Radio None and WKPX, None, Piper High.
And VUM, nobody is listening to Mike Rosenpull's show.
How about the game Remedial?
I heard it's got a deal, a go.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your brain.
What?
What's the light in the phone?
Shall we?
You're on it.
Yeah, your voice is your show.
And it's punishing.
Play a record or something.
Anything.
That's it.
Thank you.
I don't care.
Play anything.
Can't stand it.
Just play anything.
Can't stand it.
I got to be the king of Germany this year now.
Is this be the king?
Sure.
That's right.
I'm be the king.
I know I got an interview.
It's a big deal and stuff, but that's it.
Can I ask you one thing?
Who are you?
I think I am Lutel Brain.
It's almost four holes.
See?
What is that?
The place is on fire.
The whole space is burning down.
The alley is up on a highway.
Right again.
I'm just going to have to live in the house.
It's a loop.
There was a fire.
And there, like that.
Yeah, I love it, too.
It's 5.60 WQM.
Boy, it hits Devin on Guilty.
Squeeze when you do it.
I got everything I wanted to know about Christopher Columbus except his name.
His real name.
Oh, because I found a biography that's got him as a Jew.
Jew make that up?
No, it was going to print it up into something.
Yeah, not a Jew.
Christopher Cologne is a Jew.
Who's that picture?
A Josh Cologne.
What else is his name?
He ran out of the room for some reason.
Possibly because that bit.
I'm kidding.
I don't know where he went.
He ran out of the room?
He ran out of the room during the break.
I'm asking for a little input here.
A little input out for a little of his four sex grotesque.
And he's out there diddling around.
Probably grabbing some of that melting in the pot.
Anyway, he was born in Genoa in 1451.
The son of a wolf merchant and weaver.
I don't know if Bob Weaver was that old.
How do you like that?
Swims the Sherwin.
His ship is talking about a lot of Portugal in 1476.
I don't want to go through this whole thing until we get to the Cuba part.
He joins his brother, Bartholomew, a cartographer in Lisbon in 1476 in Lisboa.
By the way, that's how they say it over there.
Lisboa.
See my Italy.
Next merchant voyages as far as Iceland and Guinea in 1477 to 82.
You call me?
Guinea.
1484 can seize of the enterprise of the Indies but fail to convince King John of Portugal to back the plant.
1485 who moved to Espania.
1492.
Fruitman is a fellow capture grenade at the last morocity in Spain.
Oh, let Las Malvinas that is.
There's that to talk from islands.
I'm sorry.
Let's invade Grenada.
Then we'll worry about the talk from islands.
All right.
I'm confused.
Departs from Palo, Spain, your Huelva in 1492, March 8th.
Departs, the Canary Islands have to repair and re-refit on June 9th.
New world cited at 2 o'clock in the morning on December 10th by Rodrigo de Triana, somewhere in the Bahamas man.
Somewhere in the Bahamas.
See if he'd have been Jewish, they wouldn't let him in there.
And then, and now I got my dates wrong.
We're using the October 29th, 1492 arrives at Cuba.
In Crabes.
November 22, 1492.
March 10th, Alonso Pizn.
Captain of the Pinta deserts the expedition of Cuba.
And with the Ninta, the Pinta and the Sinta Marinta.
Right.
Columbus arrives at Hispaniola.
December 5th, 1492 a month.
And he stuck the Haitians on one side and the Dominicans on the other side.
The Lava Republic of Domingican.
The five ships sent to Sinta Marinta to the Sinta of Hispaniola.
December 25, the 1492 Columbus found La Navidad.
Right.
He and Zn rejoins Columbus in the 1493.
But it'll be a bit of up, but fear storm goes on.
And that's in the second voyage and a third voyage.
And then, the third voyage.
When he got to Hispaniola, he was arrested in October 1500.
A resident sent home in chains.
In chains.
That's right.
Well, he wasn't really a nice guy anyway.
He was a faster Columbus.
That's what I heard.
Well, I was just reading some of this stuff online.
Arrives at Santa Domingo Hispaniola, 1502.
He arrived at the Mosquito Coast, which is now called Nicaragua.
Where he was at.
The Mosquito Coast.
By the way.
Yeah.
Where you go on this article that I sent you.
You're a crew rescue from Jamaica of 1504.
Returns to Spain in November 7504 and dies at Valadolid.
Valadolid in 1506.
Right.
Is the second article that I found saying that he was a Jew who changes his name to conceal his identity.
Because in that time, not only were these fenders fighting the Moors, but they were certain, you know, on fire.
Anybody who was in a cat lick.
I see.
Anybody who was anti-stimantic.
Or anybody who was anything except a screaming Catholic.
Or you're starting again with that anti-cafid propaganda.
Where you've done it?
Where's he?
I'll get you.
And then if Dennis Donahoe, he's going to get it.
How could that go?
No.
Torture Moda was up and running in those days.
Are you talking about our Attorney General again?
It's bad.
That's what's descended.
According to most historians, Christopher Columbus or Christopher Cologne in Spanish.
Yeah.
That wasn't that was not his name.
That was the name he changed it to as this thing says.
That was his Spanish name.
I was not born Christopher Cologne.
That was the name he changed.
I can't even know the Spain.
I got another story.
That's the sphickicide for the tell you.
I got another story that has his original name as Cristofario Colombo.
Colombo.
Colombo.
Any word of crappy trench coat?
Yes, he did.
And he had a glass eye.
Right.
It was born in general, Italy.
Now I see it could say Genova.
Genova.
But it says Genova.
Because that's the way we say it.
And Italy, it's the Genova.
Which is also way up there.
Nobody wants to go there in the north and the Alps.
In 1451, there's a little concrete evidence about the background of the man who can be known as the discoverer of America.
Some have speculated that Christopher Columbus was not even his real name.
A current theory being discussed by his sterence as that Columbus may have actually been Jewish.
Oiii!
At the time when Jews were being expelled from Spain.
Well, how do you like that?
The Jews discovered America.
I told you.
Do you believe it?
Sure, what happened?
The threat of expulsion may have been enough to persuade Columbus to change his name and identity in order to fit him with the agroiam.
If this is the case, he hit his Jewish identity so well that his sterence until recently had no doubt that he was Christian.
Well, isn't everybody?
Except the curse for those raping Muslims.
There will be so, all bent out of shape about Doomsbury.
His ancestry aside, his sterence had not even able to pinpoint the exact date of location of his birth.
While prominent five refer Samuel Morrison claims that Columbus was born between August 9th when we don't care about the Ingenova.
Other researchers have made very different claims.
The suggested dates of his birth were to range from his early as 1436, which was last 1455.
Kind of like Johnny Bauer, nobody knows when he was really born.
With these two extremes, Columbus would have been setting out on his voyage to America as young as 37 or so.
In 1956, to imagine that in the time of plague and poor health, a man could live into his 70s.
The later day would place Columbus at 70 years old as death is unlikely.
Most historians agree with Morrison's choice of a birth date.
In fact, Columbus ate many amelite Morrison's, which is probably what led to his death.
I thought it was syphilis.
Is that what it was?
Did he have syphilis?
Cut it from the engines.
That was their gift to us.
I thought maybe he was smoking them cancer sticks.
And of course, that was just before George Washington started tapping phone calls in America.
5670560, pound 5670 Verizon and Singular wireless line.
Who said it's not an educational show?
Kind of, oh, there's a Lieutenant General Russell Honorary there in Nolines.
Boy, he's a real dodo bird man.
In fact, I think I saw him in Southern Comfort.
I think he was in there.
He was one of the stars in that movie, real dodo bird.
Maybe he was a K-Doll.
That whole thing down there, just, well, I got a story about him.
About how black people may not be coming back at all.
About how Nolines may be a vanilla instead of chocolate.
WDQ-I-M, hello.
Nail.
Yes.
God, don't use the right Derek K-Word.
I don't care where you are or what I have to do, but I will find you.
Phil, Phil.
I do.
Alright.
That was pretty good.
I like that.
Put that kind from 2 to 4 for the Mad Dog warm-up show.
Speaking of that, we got Guilty of A2 to 4.
Well, nothing's perfect, man.
Nothing's perfect.
You got any unexpected company to tell them there's a squeaky mouse in the house and you can't find it.
5.670560, pound 560 and they've arrived in Singular, wireless line.
Christopher Columbus, a Jewish singer.
It never reminds me that the whole world is Jewish.
I wish I still had that album.
You can't get it nowhere in Nomo.
That was great.
When you were loved the whole world is Jewish.
Remember you just had that song, right?
And a guitar man did that.
What is that call?
I don't think we got it in Nomo, do we?
We have various variations.
What is it called?
The whole world's uncut.
Uh-oh.
We do have that?
Yeah.
Thunderdome.
But we probably can't play that though, can we?
We'll play it until you can and then cut it.
Oh.
I don't think I got it in here.
Double cut!
You got it?
I've had some trials in my life.
I've had some trials in my life.
In fact, in Cypher Earth, that's such books.
I'm thrilled about my cars.
Two quarterbacks, and I'm hungry and...
What the thrill of thrills that gave my throughout the cloud
was the thrilling evening when I thrillingly found out...
Oh!
Luis Meduel was on circumcised.
Can you believe it?
It's great, right?
It's such a pile of crap with a little flap.
Gary Bruce once was but couldn't retrieve it.
We asked such little hope with just an electron microscope.
Jazz McCabe won't show it and two Michaels is all too willing.
Oh no!
Randy's gym once did but then it wasn't too fulfilling.
Howard!
Harvins and circumcised but can't believe it.
George smiles all the while despite the smell.
And some matter of taste.
The whole world's on circumcised since I fell for Luis.
McGow easy on the carbuckles since I fell for Luis.
McGow!
I, Luis Meduel, played, baby.
You're furry.
Wow, that was emotional.
I haven't played that in a long time.
And there was nothing in there that enjoys with you.
Well, you probably wouldn't be too happy about the subject matter.
About four skin but nevertheless.
What were we just talking about our four fathers?
I think this would work.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 7, 0, we might give them the number out.
We got to do a little break.
12 minutes passed 11 a.k.a.m.
Valentine's Day has come up on Tuesday just a few days away.
Last thing you want to do this weekend is spend the whole weekend at the mall scratching your head
trying to come up with a great gift idea.
Here are three words for you.
Vermont Teddy Bear.
Call one of their bear counselors at 1-800-829-Bair and then help you pick out the perfect bear for your wife or girlfriend or both.
They'll deliver right on Valentine's Day with three chocolate and a gift card in their famous box.
Ask about the love bandit bear, the lover boy bear, the man about you bear, the new red hot red neck.
For about the price of it as roses you'll be giving her something she'll love forever.
She'll be squeezing it.
Vermont Teddy bears are the only bears handmade in American guaranteed for life.
And best of all she'll be thinking about you every time she hugs her bear.
So make this the best Valentine's Day ever with a gift you'll love.
And always remember, call 1-800-829-Bair or shop online at VermontTeddyBair.com.
Send a creative and alternative to flowers and don't forget Valentine's Day delivery is still absolutely guaranteed.
Tell them that old meal totally to call 1-800-829-B-E-A-R.
1-800-829-Bair.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q-A-A-L.
This is maybe.
What did I think about it?
J-How?
Ain't you Joe Pesci?
Yeah, that's right.
Well, I love you introduce myself.
I know how it is.
The lightful star, the sport-whole radio, in Selenbar theater.
Good for you.
Now if you don't mind, I want to get a f*** out of here.
It's not like me or guys, but can I take a picture of you, huh?
No, come on.
No, I don't want a picture.
Hey, okay.
How about raping me?
Raping you.
Yeah.
You haven't done that yet.
What, what do you, some kind of clown?
What do you, what do you, a comedian, a sack?
Okay, okay, I picked you.
I picked you.
Did you hear when I told you no f***ing p***ing?
Hold it.
I think you're gonna like this one.
Give me, give me it.
I said no f***ing p***ing.
Give me that s***.
Oh, not my poor joy swingin'.
I'm on camera.
Here, I'm gonna buy a moon.
1117 at 560 W2N boy, we missed him or what?
No.
Like a 400 pound tumor.
Ready for more Oprah XM hazard for all you satellite radio leaks out there.
Oh, yeah, it's gonna be really great, Near.
You're just missing the boat.
Martha Stewart and Oprah and Lynn Samuels.
What a star-studded lineup.
They got Howard and they got Howard and that's about it.
That was great.
Yeah, you'd pay for that, wouldn't you?
Yeah.
What's the picture of Cologne?
Oh, Bartolo Cologne.
Bartolo, that's what I thought it was.
I don't wanna say it.
Bartolo Cologne.
Maybe he's kind of a Christopher Columbus, that Jewish sailor.
I'm sure somehow.
Because what George leaves now too?
Yeah, he's taking a doof.
I see.
Well, I say the melting pots that everybody write to the pot this morning.
Is that where you were?
I went last break.
It's his turn, I guess.
Not what I'm talking about.
Last break, you were AWOL and now he's AWOL.
We're all at the pot.
I probably could play it about five seconds of that bit, not no more.
Yeah, that's about it.
We'll get joy if we play that whole thing.
XM satellite radio assigned to three-year deal with Oprah Winfrey's Harpo radio to launch a channel featuring the popular talk show host.
They're some script and radio company said today.
Oh, my God.
Amen.
The deal is valued at 55 million Korean derailles.
Oprah and friends, which will start broadcasting in September will feature original programming from Harpo radio.
That's Oprah backward.
Including a weekly reality radio show with Winfrey and her best friend, Gail King.
XM research said this to me.
Gail King, and what if she's can do Larry?
I doubt it.
Daily programming on the channel will cover topics ranging.
I bet you all those truck drivers that Joe Costello says listen to XM radio.
They'll love Oprah.
Okay, if you are like a big old truck driving guy, grabbing a big rig.
Oh, yeah.
All the truck stops meeting in the greeting.
Daily programming on the channel will cover topics ranging from nutrition and fitness to self improvement and current events.
Several popular Oprah personnel is including Bob Green.
And Dr. Mimette Oz will appear on the show whoever the hell either one of them are.
Oprah Winfrey is a prolific force in our culture whose unprecedented achievements in TV, film, publishing and philanthropy will bring an amazing radio experience.
To the XM nation of subscribers who put an error, president and CEO of XM satellites and the statement.
Winfrey has caught up, been caught up recently in the media storm involving James Fry, who admitted a line through his teeth about many events and his memoir, a million little lies and pieces.
Winfrey has selected the book for a popular book, published a supported fry, but later challenged the author on her own show and criticized him for betraying readers in her very phonie.
Oh, you're making me look foolish and I've only got a billion dollars.
Oh, too bad, Oprah.
And you think you're fooling somebody but that's standing crap?
I don't think Oprah is gay.
I don't think she's doing anybody.
So I got Fair As Mountain here at Mountain and I can't wait to watch it.
Good, I can't wait for the report.
I don't know.
Maybe I'll watch it tonight.
Maybe not.
I guess I buy it tomorrow morning or give it my review on Fair As Mountain.
Right.
Especially the how many years ago they won the Olympic events at the
end of the year.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a good day.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
I want to hear this exchange.
Okay.
Bye.
Bye.
There's shooting and Pemberpinds is one of the worst.
The absolute worst.
Yeah.
I remember one time they put,
I'm trying to think of the intersection.
It was like a tap street and,
I want to say pines.
Okay.
And I think I was coming back from that dust.
I was like gumming my lunch from that smorgasbord or somewhere.
And I went through the intersection and there was no stop sign there.
And of course it's a mirror fight didn't get killed.
There's no light or no stop sign.
And then the Parker pulls me over.
It gives me a ticket and I said,
there's no stop sign.
And they say, well you shouldn't know them to stop there.
Are you kidding me?
No.
You should have known to stop there.
That's a major intersection and you said,
okay.
So in other words, these psychic police.
If you're not psychic and didn't know that you're supposed to.
In other words, they screwed up.
They didn't put the,
the DOT or whatever takes care of that.
They didn't put the DOT or whatever takes care of that.
You better know your laws, Mr.
because they know that.
Yeah, because you sure don't.
That's right.
And I said, happy Shivuas.
Femini Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay, Pally.
God, that's two things for you.
You know, all the movie polls we ever do.
I never heard anybody bring up the man who would be king
with Sean Connery and Mike.
Very good, very good movie.
Really?
That was the best movie.
Never seen a source.
George saw it.
He said it was great.
Yeah, it is.
One of the best ever.
And another story.
And another story.
Are we making it the man who would be queen with Tom Cruise?
Another thing is that I've never seen John Madden
in the 90s divine in the same room.
What do you think?
I can't, you know, the giveaway when John Madden
at halftime in a Super Bowl said,
plunk your magic twanger, Al.
I knew there was something else.
That's good.
Thanks, Bill.
Thanks.
Good point.
Yeah, John Madden is turning 100 and tell us how Hank,
you can tell the embarrassment in his voice
because he knows what I'm saying is true.
But he doesn't want to go there because he's buddies
with these people.
They work for the same thing.
They feed out of the same trough.
Which if Hank and Madden are involved,
that must be a hell of a big trough.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69 AF.
Our David's a bit.
Now, I'm about to have to loosely re-intquisitions
with an apology for an apology,
with more apologies as we continue in apologizing,
Mr. E. R. R. C.
George Troulee W. Q. A. M. C.
5.60
I offer this apology for the last apology
that we apologized for to show a loyalty to our listening audience.
I apprehended the void, void petrators in this manner.
I hit them over the head with a shovel.
I proofed, froze seated,
to drag their bodies to an abandoned building.
I choked a towel, involved their mouths.
And then, used the shovel to chop off their legs.
I was a chute, but I was sure by the management
that is driving this type of a human justice.
So, rapidly as I have was well within the pure,
retinable guidelines of clean family entertainers.
And I'm not like five,
who is a young woman and great-grandmother.
Okay, that's all well and good,
but has nothing to do with that other one,
which is what we wanted.
But, tell Chikinakki, so, Luzin,
1145 at 5.60 W. Q. A. M.
Wait until you hear this,
this is going to turn your head around,
just like Linda Blair was spinning around and around.
Like, Perry, Coleman.
Come on, let's hear a little bit of Perry.
Just a little teeny tiny bit.
Finally.
Oh, boy.
I think he got one out or why.
Why, he was a barber.
He wasn't used to making like sudden moves.
What a talker.
Linda, it goes round, round, round,
round as it skins along.
Twice in the past four years,
a top justice department lawyer warned the presiding judge
of a Secret Surveillance Court
that information overheard in President Bush's eavesdropping program
may have been improperly used
to obtain wiretapped warrants in the court
according to two sources of knowledge of those events.
Oh, my God.
The revelations in Furia,
did US History Judge Colleen Collar-Cotelli,
who liked her predecessor,
Royce Lambert,
had expressed serious doubts
about whether the warrantless monitoring of phone calls
and emails ordered by Bush was legal.
Both judges had insisted that no information obtained
this way be used to gain warrants from their court,
according to government sources,
and both had been assured by administration officials
that it would never happen.
The two heads of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court
were the only judges in the country
briefed by the administration and Bush's program.
The President's Secret Order issued
some time after 9-11 attacks,
allows the NSA to monitor telephone calls
and emails between people in the US and contacts overseas.
James Baker, the Council for Intelligence Policy
and the Justice Department's Office of Intelligence Policy
and Review, discovered in 2004
that the government's favor to share information
about its spine program had rendered useless,
a federal screening system that the judges had insisted upon
to shield the court from tainted information.
The alerted Collar-Cotelli, who complained to Justice,
prompting a temporary suspension of the NSA spine program
the sources be saying.
Yet another problem in 2005,
warned application, prompted Collar-Cotelli
to issue a stern-ordered government lawyers
to create a better firewall or face more difficulty obtaining warrants.
The two judges discovered with the NSA spine program
was previously known, but this new account
reveals the depths of their doubts about its legality
and their behind-the-scenes efforts to protect the court
from what they considered potentially tainted evidence.
The new accounts also showed a degree to which Baker,
a top intelligence expert in justice,
shared the reservations and aided the judges.
Both judges expressed concern to senior officials
that the president's program
have ever made public and challenged in court
when a significant risk of being declared unconstitutional.
Let me say it again, being declared unconstitutional.
That's a quite of a source of some interwielding actions.
Yet, the judges believed they did not have the authority
to rule on the president's part or to the EU dropping.
The government sources said and focused instead
on protecting the integrity of the FISA process.
I like that.
I don't know.
That's why Carl Rove is one or more like a chigmy
that his head cut off, trying to get to these Republican senators.
Don't you dare defect and vote against us.
We're going to get impeached.
Let me put it in your ass.
It's going to be grass and without the Hula skirt, etc.
And then, of course, he's got to go on here again today
and make up this crap about the LA library tower
and how they, uh, this plan to session.
And, of course, he didn't bother to mention all these terrorists.
These Al-Qaeda lunatics that bombed the US as coal in 94
and who just escaped two days ago in Yamann.
How do you like that?
Yamann, yeah.
And who are still at loose another navy over there
is peeing in their pants because they anticipate that these people are planning
more hijinks and lodgings than in an Obama Grande.
How do you like that?
I don't know.
So, we can't catch most of them.
And then the ones that we do catch, we a lot of be hanging out somewhere
in some 10th world country.
And they just, they just kind of like, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh-huh.
Mosy on out.
Yeah, but why do you hate America?
US plans massive data sweeping.
You'll never guess who wrote this article for the Christian Science Monitor.
That be Canada.
Mark Clayton.
Who?
The football player.
I'm sure Josh members, Mark Clayton.
See, even Georgia members, Mark Clayton and Superduper.
What's he doing right in this crack?
He's not.
Oh.
Different guy.
Same name, different guy.
Like Christopher Colombo.
Chris, Chris, maybe they're talking about Chris, Christopher Rue.
I would buy him.
That could be.
He wanted to leave these drivers.
Chris, Christopher?
Oh, he is Greek, but nevertheless.
The US government is developing a massive computer system that can collect huge amounts of data
and by linking far-flung information from blogs and email to government records and intelligence reports,
search for patterns of terrorist activity.
A massive computer system.
Got that?
I got it.
The system, parts of which are operational, parts of which are still under development, is already credited with helping to force some plots.
I'm ready to plot, just reading this.
It's the federal government's latest attempt to use broad data collection powerful analysis and the fight against terrorism,
but by delving deeply into the digital minutiae of American life, the program is also raising concerns that the government is intruding too deeply in a citizen's privacy.
What else is new?
We don't realize that as we live our lives and make little choices like buying groceries, buying on Amazon, Googling,
we're leaving traces everywhere to lead Tien, former attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation.
We have an attitude that no one will connect all those dots, but these programs are about connecting those dots, analyzing and aggregating them in a way that we haven't thought about.
It's one of the underlying fundamental issues we have yet to come to grips with.
The core of this effort is a little known system called analysis dissemination visualization inside and semantic enhancement known as advice.
What a nice acronym.
Advise?
Only this one is advised with no consent.
Only a few public documents mentioned advises of research and development program with VHS, Homeland Security,
part of its three-year-old threat and vulnerability testing and assessment portfolio.
The TBTA received nearly 50 million bucks in federal funding this year.
While the people in New Orleans of course are starving and can't go home and are getting kicked out of the motels.
DHS officials are circuminspect when talking about advice.
I've heard of it said Peter Sand, Director of Private Technology.
I don't know the actual status right now, but it's a system that's been discussed, something we're involved in at some level.
And they're monitoring you as well as everything you do.
Every time you take a B.M., every time you take a shower, every time you drop the soap, squeeze the body wash bottle to tight, whatever you're doing.
That's right, if you're squeezing it too tight, they're monitoring it and they're marking it down.
Just like a Q&A man, just like Beasley.
Remember we had that whole big episode there, that whole Condoleez episode?
Yeah.
And Duff got wrote up because he had to be single, that's it, to be the scapegoat.
Somebody had to be the scapegoat.
So they had to write it up in his file.
You don't want to get written up when he worked for Beasley.
Oh, brother.
5.670560, pound 560 on the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
I'll tell you, it ought to really be.
I still have no email from Roman Ken, by the way.
To busy being a radio star of an Earthy Floridian with a bunch of silly old fags from the Accord House.
Just tragic, yeah.
And he also wants to send his regards to Charlie Criss and Mark Foley, Norma said.
You fairy.
5.670560, pound 560 on the Singular and Verizon Line.
Got Geltie and Tudie, they mad dog, and apologize for two and a half hours.
To his close personal friends at Channel 6.
That was an infomity yesterday from what you told me.
For some good based on what you said.
Josh.
Robert.
Bill.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Bar-win.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
Hello, Nina.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey, it's Gord Vidal's guy.
Yeah.
On the movies, one that also stood out was the line in Winter.
Catherine Hepburn.
Well, you're all good.
Now, what is that mean?
What pull was that?
What did we do that?
Movie that stood out?
You were talking about movies that you could see over and over again.
Right.
That's the one you're talking about.
Yesterday's pull, right?
Sorry about that.
No, don't be sorry.
What's that?
What was it?
Catherine Hepburn and what?
It's called the line in Winter.
Catherine Hepburn.
I hate you.
You can like that.
No, I'm the youngest kid.
I never saw it.
Don't get so sensitive.
Have a great day.
Get out of here.
You see the line in Winter with Catherine Hepburn?
Yes.
It's all right.
It's one of those, you know, you don't want to see it again and again.
No.
No.
Is this wrong?
Catherine Hepburn kind of.
But in her heart.
And her voice.
And her voice.
And her voice.
And her voice.
And her voice.
And her voice.
And her voice.
And her voice.
And her voice.
And her voice.
And her voice.
And her voice.
And her voice.
And her voice.
And her voice.
And her voice.
And her voice.
And her voice.
As a member, going along with Billy, it was Jimmy Stewart and Joyce.
I'm not really sure.
I don't think there was Kate.
She wasn't trembling enough.
Line 9.
QAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Hey, I pulled up.
I was thinking, you know, I love it how you guys use Joyce to imply other word in an offensive way.
Yes.
And I was thinking another great one to use would be for Rush Limbaugh.
Getting rushed from behind.
Or...
Sounds like something you're hoping for.
56670560.
He wants to get rushed from behind and then rape did it.
I think is what he means.
You know, like a sneak attack.
What were you doing?
I had a hard time with Joyce.
What were you doing?
Okay.
You know, these people obsessed with Rush and with Howard and with us when they're out.
You just stick with us.
Okay.
We're stuck with our own stuff.
We had enough trouble with Joyce without worrying about some...
Fat ass, pill pop and hypocrite liar.
Some doctor shopping piece of turd.
What the hell?
Oh, there's a great article on our website.
I think it's for tomorrow.
I believe I said to you.
From a former ditto head.
Did you see it?
No.
No, you've jotted me there because I think it's for tomorrow.
It could have been for today, but I missed it somehow on smirking, smircling chimp.
Confessions of an ex ditto head.
See anybody who says that, you know, like ditto, what they say is they're on moron.
Yeah.
Although...
Although...
That's most people.
Right.
Most people don't want a thing for themselves.
Most people want somebody else to tell them what to think.
How to dress.
You know, be a snappy dresser like me, okay?
Don't be walking around where like a... in swaddling clothes.
Are you wearing the plaid boxers today or the polka dots?
plaid.
I don't have no polka dots.
Dirt shirt?
What are swaddling clothes?
Now you can't write down what?
You're usually...
Wasn't the baby Jesus in swaddling clothes?
Do you really want to...
Yeah, come on.
Let's hear about what we're hearing about Christopher Columbus.
Maybe Christopher Columbus, so was once in swaddling clothes.
Swaddling is more something to me.
I'm seeing some guys walking around in waddling clothes.
That's right.
I've been accused of that.
Waddling all over the place.
Yeah, the beast where is waddling clothes?
Swaddling is something you do.
In other words, wrapped up with like loose clothing and then you swaddle the child up in them.
You swaddle?
Yeah.
Don't you?
The better called you I should say is you wouldn't say that.
Or is he looking to do it?
Or it must let us say it.
Try not to.
I'm trying not to swaddle.
I can't really do a lot a little bit.
Yes, that or not?
In fact, that song walked this way by Erasmus, and of course, they see me.
And you know, not that way.
Walk this way.
Kind of like the movie, like, How You're Fall.
Or you never saw that.
Not the original or the...
You got to see the original.
You better get the original.
You'll pee in your pants.
It's just...
That's like...
That is one of the funniest movies ever in the history of the human race.
Is it a subtitle, though?
So what differences do you make?
No, no, just...
Ah!
This is the same guy that came here, saw the dance for a while.
I wasn't.
We've got to see Sidney of God.
I was...
But I was...
Sidney, I was just asking.
And you know something, you'll still pee in your pants.
That's all funny, dude.
It is hysterical.
Hey, then I'll find out who Fagador is.
Well, there is no Fagador in this movie.
That must have been the remake.
That Robin Hood, and everything.
Whatever that was.
I didn't see it, and I wouldn't watch it.
I saw some of the clips from it.
Just stupid.
La Caja fold did not need to be remade.
Anyway, the scene is where he, like, there...
There's in a cafe or whatever.
And he tells him to walk like John Wayne.
He's trying to butcher up his partner there, because the...
The son...
It is a complicated story.
But the son is coming though.
The author and then the family.
And anyway, so he gets up, and he goes to the doors to the back room of this cafe,
and he walks through like a real missing quesad.
I said, John Wayne, not Faye Wayne.
It's, excuse me, you have to...
Or maybe he's talking about Mirian Wayne.
This is Neil Roger Tachmach Wayne.
The next is 560G.
A.S.
This is at Homeland Security Tom Ridge, advising you to put duct tape on your radio,
when I raised the warning color to pink for the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
And now, another verse of some celebrity poetry.
Here's a tale of lunacy backed by Scientology.
No brain cells left in Tom Cruise covered for they were stolen by Elron Hubbard.
When Tom speaks his mouth, it forms affirming his love for Katie Holmes.
Up on the couch, he jumps with G.
He thinks he's saying remarkably.
His mind looks like a Renoir mural for a Hibiting Katie and a Fadirl.
He says others don't use their brain when it's Tom himself who is insane.
He calls Matt Lauer cold and clever when it's he who needs a dribble bib.
His lady friend smiles her clueless smile, she's no smarter than bathroom tile.
The eyes who close her teeth as few, perhaps she has the avian flu.
Feel free if you must disagree with the teachings of Scientology,
but on this my friend we can find common ground.
Their level of brain damage is profound.
The faxus drains the future shady, full crazy Tom and fiance Katie.
This says be another verse of celebrity poetry.
Oh, speaking of that, speaking of...
Yaman.
International warships under the command of the U.S. Navy move today into the waters off...
Yaman.
Yaman.
Yemen attempting to block possible escape routes for 23 prisoners of escape last week.
The ship station about 14 miles off, sure will patrol busy international waters near...
Yaman.
You know something, every time I play that he actually is saying...
Yaman.
He's not saying, yeah, he's saying, yeah, Yaman.
Yeah?
Yeah.
The vessels moving to the area within the last 48 hours under the control of U.S. Navy Central Command in Bahrain,
which is where Michael Jackson's hanging out.
You see connected dots, interpol, the international crime fighting organization,
said at least 13 to the 23 years of escape last Friday were convicted out of tied it to her,
as some of whom were involved in the attacks on the U.S. as coal and friendships.
Among the escapees were the reputed mastermind of the coal attack,
General Gamal Ahmed Badawi and Jabr Albana, a lot of tuber jabber.
Badawi was sentenced to death in September 2004 for orchestrating the coal.
Well, you know something, he's sentenced to death, kiddo, okay?
Then he won't escape next time, you idiots.
Albani is charged in the U.S. with fighting material support to terrorists.
And was a member of a cell near Buffalo, New York.
But at the right, he was sure he was.
So a whole show on that, then a whole thing about the cells and detroit in Buffalo is totally, total bull crap.
But hey, we have wanted that attack at the LA Library Tower.
And so we've got to be listening to all your calls, open an audio mail,
and check out all your B.M.
Yeah, right.
Fascism runs the U.S. make no mistake about anybody out there deluded thinking that you've got a Democratic government anymore.
You're in India.
You had two presidential elections stolen right in broad daylight.
There's absolutely no confidence that there ought to be another fair election.
That's where I read a couple weeks ago about the way that they can dittle the, all the voting machines now.
That nobody cares.
That's the best part. Nobody cares.
Here we got a bunch of ragheads rioting because somebody told them to get pissed off a bunch of stupid cartoons,
some of which weren't even legitimate, just fabricated.
And they're like carrying on and burning buildings and killing people.
And the American public, they got two presidential elections stolen back to back, side by each.
And they're like, oh, look who won the Grammys last night.
You two swept the Grammys.
Oh, boy.
Sure glad I missed that.
You're almost glad I stayed away long enough to, uh, would buy them to give that money back,
just so I didn't have to see the Grammys.
Not that I would have watched it.
You must have, didn't you?
Yeah, it was too busy.
I mean, it's a melting pot that he was at the melting pot.
We were dipping, man.
We were different in diving.
I'm on a diet.
What the hell was that?
New Year's day, but it's the bed.
It's the bed.
It's the bed.
It's the bed.
New Year's day?
Yeah.
Isn't that like right after Tisha Bob?
Wait a year, this.
Here's another one.
You're going to have to get a bag pretty soon.
Pretty soon.
You know what I'm going to have to eat through it.
I sure could be out sick tomorrow, but I don't know.
Well, I've been selling it before.
I did a scratchy throat.
And I'm even at the cough drops today.
No, no, no.
I don't want to be picking them a halls mental lift, so it sands a sucrose baby
because they make it like a doo stuff.
I think that's, I started on those yesterday and I think I talked about it in the bathroom, right?
Wow.
Oh boy.
I think I'm leaving another one.
When is somebody going to invent some sugar steps that doesn't make you a squat?
You know what I'm saying?
Now, not everybody has that effect, but a lot of us who have like an irritable bowel, like you and I as a matter of fact.
Mm-hmm.
I'm going to be a problem with that.
And invent something that doesn't make you keep running and running and running and running.
I'll work on it.
Former disaster agency chief Michael Brown, heck of a job, Brownie, is saying he's ready to reveal his correspondence
with President Bush and other officials during Hurricane Katrina, unless the White House forbids it and offers legal support.
In other words, he's gray, he's gray-mailing him as they call it now.
He's Brown-mailing him.
Brown stands and let her obtain Wednesday by the A&P.
Follow Sen.'s complaints that the White House is refusing to answer questions or release documents about advice given to Bush during the August 29 storm.
Brown could as director of FEMA just days after Katrina struck, even though it was doing a heck of a job,
and did leave the federal payroll until November the 2th after was an embarrassing revelation that he was still on it.
In a February 6 letter to the White House Council, Harry Admeyers, Brown's attorney wrote that Brown continues to respect Bush and his presidential prerogative to give candid and confidential advice from Top Aids,
letter from Andrew W. Lester also says that Brown no longer can rely on being included in that protection because he's a private citizen.
Unless there is a specific direction otherwise from the President, including an assurance that the President will provide a legal defense to Mr. Brown if he refuses to testify to these matters,
Mr. Brown will testify fast about particular communications the lawyer wrote.
Brown's desire is that all facts be made public, and the White House is going like that.
I mean, if that isn't the threatened blackmail, what they'll could possibly be, right? They have this.
Yeah, so in other words, if you're not going to like to cover my ass, I'm going to like spill all the beans.
Hey, Brownie, nice to meet you.
White House spokesman Trent Duffy to come in on letter and said pointed remarks two weeks ago in which Bush avoided directly including Brown among his advisors.
At the time Bush defended his administration stance on withholding some information, saying, well, they're always withholding everything because it's a secret government.
It's a secret government. Everything's a secret. Safety, safety, safety.
Saying that providing all the material would kill the ability of presidential advisors to speak freely. Right.
The White House said it's given 15,000 documents about the storm response to Senate investigators.
Brownie said to testify tomorrow at a Senate inquiry of the slow government response to Katrina.
Senator Jew Lieberman of Connecticut, who blasted the White House last month for what he called attempts to stonewall the Senate inquiry, said he expects Brown, now a private citizen to answer every question that committee puts to him truthfully.
Otherwise, so he's got like, you know, death by hang or death by electric chair.
I see no basis for him to refuse to answer any of our questions. I hope the White House will not try to direct and not to answer our questions Lieberman said you nobody said just after he finished saying that.
Being the equivocating waffler that he is him and John Kerry, my ass contacted Wednesday, Brown referred questions about letter to his attorney, Lester.
Is that like, oh, that reminds me of Inspector Lestrade. Remember Inspector Lestrade and shout out to homes? No.
Because I don't know too many Lester's. I'm a jury Lester. I'm sure chicken I remember some on the night show. I think he did the first night show, jury Lester. You know, Lester Green shirt and a Lester Pearson.
The lawyer described his client as between a rock and a hard place, rock solid between the administration's reluctance to disclose certain high level communications and Congress is right to demand it.
Mr. Brown is going to testify before Congress if he receives no guidance to the contrary. Will there was any says and should do and as to answer all questions fully, completely and accurately Lester said.
Some administration officials are refused interviews by Senate investigators or have declined to answer even seemingly innocuous questions about times and dates of meetings and phone calls with the White House.
Everything is a big secret.
Senator Susan Collins, who publicly remain another whiner said if the problems have been addressed earlier, the response to the between could have been better organized and perhaps we could have lessened the devastating impact on the people of the Gulf Coast.
Could have should have been what have I didn't do it didn't do it. Disaster.
And they still on them off the open is no matter how many disasters there are it's always the same always comes back to the same crap safety safety safety.
We're always fighting this mysterious war on terror against this unnamed enemy.
Well, it's on the one that's a fighter the next day at somebody else and of course now it's a Sodom even though he keeps running on a court. It's still Sodom and Gamora.
5 6 7 0 5 6 8 5 6 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8
8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8
8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8
I'm sorry, do you like this song? I didn't realize it was you. It's me. Well, I wanted to tell him was he was definitely
punished. I read both of them and he was definitely careful. Yeah. In fact, he had his own little thing on his
ships and first of all, the Queen would not have fun to them. If he was you. If he wouldn't have
fun to come with the ships. Yeah. If it wasn't to the fact that he was Spanish and that it was
Catholic. If he was sitting in the Jewish, they wouldn't have fun to come. Maybe he was Spanish
Portuguese, Italian Jewish Catholic. He was Catholic. Maybe he had a little Jew in him. Maybe
maybe he was. Listen, thanks, Palli. Be sure and tell the caller that it was a pleasure talking to him.
Wow. He kept saying it. Even after I told him to say the apologies, he's like,
tell him, right, you know, who did that song? Tell him, tell him, tell him, tell him,
I know. Tell him, tell him, tell him, tell him, tell him, tell him, tell him, tell him, tell him, tell him.
Yeah. I know something about you. Oh, that was a barber George. I know. Is that the song I'm
thinking about? Barber George. I know. I bet it is. It was on an orange label too. I'm looking.
Barber George. Never trust like, you know, you know, Bush one. Barber George. I know. Is that it?
I know. I don't know. I don't think. No, that's not the song. That's not I know by Barber George.
That goes a different way. It was this way. Tell him. That's the name. I think by the
exciders. See, yeah, that's that's Barber George. I know. That's not the song I'm talking about.
That was by the exciders. And I was just doing a great talk up and you stopped planning.
Jesus Christ, Yoshi. Look at the exciders. I think that's it. Is that it? Tell him by the
exciders. Are my wrong about that? It's not coming up. So let's be. Oh, oh, oh, oh.
I mean, well, you are not going to have it anyway. So how are we going to know what they're
all the lyrics are? Tell him. Well, too bad. Tell him like it is. Tell him by the exciders. What
I've said, what a mind. What a mind. What year? Food with crap. I had to lay just through the book on
the floor. I don't know. I think I don't know. Certainly after 60. Oh, well, 1214 at 560 WDQM when it
comes to mattresses, a lot of gimmicks out there these days. The latest are sleep numbers.
Otherwise, no one is air mattresses. They're only warranty in full for two years. They squeak. They
pop. They can lose their setting to provide and they cost a fortune. If you want to really
high quality brand name mattress that last you for years and years with no BS, then call the great
folks at dial a mattress at 1-800 mattress. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll get no run-arounds,
no showroom, shenanigans, just factory direct, unbeatable prices on the best brands you know and love.
When you call 1-800 mattress, you can choose from Florida's biggest inventory of
Celi and Serta, Simmons, King Coyle, temperpid externe's and foster hewitt, even morons have heard
all these brand names. Already for a same day delivery, it prices lower than the so-called big name
chain stores, even during their so-called big sales. So-called 1-800 mattress, you can have the
bag you want to deliver the date and time you want. You pick the day in the two-hour window and
they deliver it right to you. They toss it right through the window. So many people include a
yours truly a QM-Satisfied Crestivers and I guarantee you I'll bet you Todd Rex life on it that you
will be too. Call today 1-800 mattress or log on to their website mattress.com 1-800-MATTRES
leave off the last S because it stands for Stu Penderson Sucutional Savings. This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5-16 QA-S.
It's alright, I am not a Nazi.
Thanks.
Time for the other 5 meetings.
Poor Robert Blake, you said he starts to talk at 2.
So on 19-5-60-WQ, I'm happy Thursday too. We got Gildi a 2-MATDog at 4 and then the
Robert Tarrouongo show at Gildi is 6-8 too much Gildi today. I don't want to like
start expressing negative opinions but just too much squeaking, you know. Little squeaking's
okay but too much squeaking. Then people started adjusting their radio tuners, don't they?
I'm doing it now. 946 votes. We're going to have 1,000 by 1 o'clock again.
Just slip. We don't even have to ask for it no more, you know.
See Joshua would agree with that. It's really, it really gets to the pinnacle of enjoyment.
We don't have to even ask for it anymore. It's automatic.
Right. And the poll too. GOP lawmaker wants review of NSA eavesdropping. I got a very
important bunch of stuff here. You know what? I'm, I'm pounding right through it because it's
very obvious to me these people haven't got too much today. And you know what? That's fine.
There's nothing to build on this poll. We got every radio station that's been invented
and some that nobody ever heard of before. And that's okay. It's just kind of like our out of
curiosity. The hopper is doing pretty well. Not great. What has he got? 18.7% of the audience
listen to Hank anymore. That's like I said, pretty weak. 177. At least he's in first place though.
Right? Right. None 136. Air America 112. What what's that all about?
NPR 105. Howard Stern on Sirius 91 9.6%. That's a hell of a number I think in this market.
Isn't that nice going how he really? I'm serious. Almost 10% of the audience is paying
to the Stern show. And then it doesn't even count the a few people that are pirating it.
R which are six of those who are like by hook and by crook listen to Howard in the morning.
Or whenever they feel like listening to it I guess. Breaking with the White House representative
Heather Wilson, Republican of New Mexico, children of the House of Committee on Technical and
Tactical Intelligence says the time has come for a complete review of President Bush's
Eve's dropping program. Our spokesman said yesterday. How do you like them apples huh?
Wilson who chairs the panel that oversees the National Security Agency also wants Congress to
change a 78 foreign intelligence law following the disclosure of the NSA program Joel Hannah's
Wilson's spokesman said she believes she has a constitutional responsibility to oversee this
program and the House Intelligence Committee's entitled a full briefing. He said,
Hannah, Hannah's also said that Wilson believes the 78 foreign intelligence surveillance
act needs to be updated to take into account new technology. The law governs the monitoring
of calls inside the U.S. for National Security reasons. The White House has insisted that it has
the legal authority to monitor terribly the international communications in cases where one
party to the call is in the U.S. A senior administration officials also say they were within the law
when they chose to brief only Congress's so-called gang of eight the leaders of the House and
Senate and its intelligence committees while the gang of eight can be notified Wilson believes that
that is not oversight. Hannah said aboard Air Force one White House spokesman Scott McLean yesterday
reiterated the administration position that Congress has been briefed he said the White House will
continue to listen to the ideas the ideas from Congress. These are the biggest bunch of
impurious jackasses and just like he said a couple weeks ago, he'll sign whatever law they pass
he just ain't going to follow it. He'll do whatever he wants because you got to protect the people.
Right. And that's why he came out today with his phony,
belonging to a sign of dance. House and Senate Intelligence committees are having closed
the remitties with Attorney General Alberto Vio5 don't call me Irvave Villeshez Gonzlez
and General Michael Hayden the number two official intelligence official today.
And Patabip, Patabip, Patabip. There you go they just stonewall me lie and he comes down there.
How dare you ask me about things I don't feel comfortable answering that even though I'm not under
oath and you don't gonna lie anyway and then Patrick Lee he is saying well do we know why should we
expect you not to lie out you lied before it's stuff like that and they're all making cost
the comments but that's as far as it goes right we're gonna shake our finger at you.
Yeah and say not inaudible and ask you don't do it again.
That's tough to make you want to cock off and I guess you guys are a good start.
Yeah yeah that's that story. Don't get him involved again okay he's got enough problems with his
just absolute rape of Channel 6 on the air yesterday that was from what I'm hearing man what
the clearance told me said that Mad Dog just trashed Channel 6 and then found out it was Channel 7
that put that piece of his wife and his kid on the air for the pictures and the whole deal on there
it was a Shpilky's Nerea I think. Oh my god yeah Shpilky's Nerea done it I believe and if not
let's blame her anyway we don't like her. Channel 7 is this foul you can you can in fact when
I'm at home turn on Channel 7 you can smell it right through the TV you can smell it yeah now that
maybe something Sally Fitzlough behind on the set there but you can still smell it that's a long time ago.
Oh I guess it was on my style I was channel 7 when I got home and I turned it off real fast
speaking to Channel 7 I got a rick's sense oh boy what an idiot the Borscht
Administration yesterday condemned the violent response to European and cart cartoons mocking
Islam see they've changed their tune completely now they stuck their finger in their toe out
the window and the wind is blowing in the wrong way they said oh well but it'll be put a
boot put about good and the accused Iran and Syria have exploiting the international controversy
to win sight on wrestling protest in the police they finally are getting this one right as
opposed to sucking up at the beginning I mean of course for these people to be talking about
freedom of speech is most amusing anyway I have no doubt that Iran and Syria have gone out of
their way to inflame sentiments and use this for their own purposes secretary of state Condor
Leazer rice told reporters yesterday that's doctor rice the world ought to call them on it yeah
well world ought to call you on a tube bitch you idiot you you ferry a few hours earlier at a
White House ceremony with Jordan's King Abdullah Jordan's King Abdullah see this is the thing the
media they did nothing surprises them nothing they don't find any irony in it all this crap
about democracy first they have a Palestinian's having election and they let him us and we don't
like it we're pissed off we're giving them no more money and it's outrageous and then it's King
Abdullah comes calling King of Jordan they have any democratic elections of course an Egypt
one they have elections in the barc has the opponents killed all the time so that you know the
elections aren't too uh too contentious as they have this yeah and of course our good the royal
family in Saudi Arabia they're right there man and I notice we have some people every now and I
see some hits on the domain report on our website listening in Saudi Arabia I want to tell you
right now okay pass the message along to those uh ravaged ragheads over there them shmata heads
they're going to be next they should have been first that bit we got into a blow of Pakistan it should
say until we have a blow of Saudi Arabia we can't do that that's our ghost stick up that long
here buddy my ass that's the bushes buddies banned our bush those we attacked the enemies and
standing around in the White House on the balcony they're smoking in big fat ones and big cubans
cigars and drinking that fine wine the couple of days after 9-11 while the after of course the rest
of the uh family the bin Laden family have been safely uh esquenced out of uh this country
whatever that means nobody else could get a flight even the bush one couldn't get a flight
I like that or like they pointed out Ricky Martin remember that in the third night 9-11 even
Ricky Martin couldn't get a flight well he's got the wrong head gear yeah I got a line for that
but I'll pass a few hours earlier in the White House ceremony with Jordan's king Abdullah and
they don't come no dollar than the two of them president bush rejected the violence but not the
cartoons that inside of bloody protests from Afghanistan didn't mark with the drawings first appeared
we reject violence is a way to express discontent with what may be printed in a free press
force that free press my ass we don't have no free press in America no more you fascist you lunatic
you Nazi bastard bush and rice making their first public remarks on the growing worldwide
controversy how are they shift in White House strategy see they're focusing on the killings and
destruction during Muslim protests and several nations in contrast to earlier statements that include
criticism of the provocative drawings administration officials said bush doesn't want to debate
over free speech to diminish or deflect attention from your condom nation of the violence right debate
over free speech you can't debate free speech in America because it doesn't exist anymore the only
speech that can be on air is like Kira Phillips on CNN and Mrs. Limbaugh and David Gregory Rambling
and Ranting and Raving like an idiot about the Hamas terse of bunch of butt suckers all you
people in the media ought to be in jail you ought to be in prison you may on death row begging for mercy
for the crimes against the country that you're doing and that Brian Williams on air with his 922 teeth
yap and about terino terino terino my ass oh look at the olive oil olive a get funny I still wish I
know what that expression was entirely my ace in the hole I know he doesn't say in the Italian
he says to him as we say in America my ace in the hole remember that yeah and he got to him
said ace hole yeah have you ever hastened a hole Joyce I don't think she'd be too fine to that
here that made fully pre-send ace hole I want to vote outhouse once in the seat was broke
28 past noon at 560 WQM the animal coast is Florida's number one Asian group may be face rated
by is a get restaurant review and believe me they know their stuff now every Friday to send
in that you can enjoy lobster fest featuring main lobster served thermidor style and every night at
the animal coast is crab fest would last can still crab like dungeon is crab and Jonas Stone crabs
you know I'm real bad today is soup they got the all kinds of different delicious soups
that the animal coast the menu still includes fresh oysters on a half cell a sushi bra with over 30
fuck third man different items count them if I'm dying your line the animal coast also serves
juicy delicious New York steaks cook the order and hand carb primary but on the weekends for
dessert leave a little room in there okay take a crowbar and show it in your pants and create
a little bit of extra room for the animal coast famous 40 inch chocolate fountain you can
hand if your own strawberries marshmallows crow bars other decadent treats just stick them right
on in there check out the all new you can eat sushi bar featuring sashimi tuna tataki I think
over 20 different types of sushi rolls and much more tuna tataki I'm not sure we can say that
the animal coast has got three convenient locations to serve you your vitamins sunrise any
hours beach and pebble pines reservations suggested call the animal coast at 9.5.4.572.38.22 and tell
Richard that Neil said go leave go this is Neil Rogers this is 5.62.8.0
all right
oh
is jolly wears your cheese bill over him she's got a room full of sex toys and whips that
Angelina makes guys dance ball
all three about her in the times or
there's no marriage safe from coast to coast
she makes your man your love life code and jolly makes guys dance ball
all she'll start that kick in an outer shoe let the wind blow over her shirt
it's an all-prayer just can't read you because she wants you for dessert
they're
one
they
The enemy's gone!
Or I know!
Jesus almighty of holy force!
You'll lose everything in your support.
But when you're with her there's no holy force
Angelina makes God's transvolve.
Before you know it you're a downpinger kid.
All the way you're like a dog.
When she makes you hear life is the kid
You'll be found in her bones.
That's the way that this jolly lives life.
Maybe you should sleep with your wife.
You're like a flame that attracts the law.
But when you make God's transvolve.
That's the looted.
And Angelina makes God's transvolve.
And Angelina makes God's transvolve.
All right!
Profferty 5 at QAM.
Happy Thursday to a man of sun and shine here.
No snow, no mo.
No mo.
A little bit here, but they're not too much.
New York Times as an editorial and I think I might just read right now.
Very short, right to the point.
Sensory truth.
The Bush administration longed your security,
and you're the special patient history for the audacity with which it manipulates science to suit its political ends.
But it said a new standard of cynicism went along,
NASA's leading authority on global warming to be mugged by a 24-year-old presidential appointee
who quite apart from having no training on that issue and inflated his resume.
In early December, James Hansen, the space agency's top climate specialist,
called her accelerated efforts to reduce industrial emissions of carbon dioxide and other gases, linked to global warming.
After his speech, he told Andrusy Rebkin at the times he was threatened with dire consequences
if he continued to call for aggressive action.
Should I read that last sentence again?
After his speech, he told Andrusy Rebkin at the times he was threatened with dire consequences if he continued to call for aggressive action.
This was not the first time Dr. Hansen been reviewed by the Bush team,
which has spent the better part of five years avoiding the issue of global warming.
It was merely one piece of larger pattern of the section and denial.
The administration sought to influence the policy debate by Muslim people who disagree with it,
or as was in the case with two major reports from the EPA in 2002 and 2003,
editing out inconvenient truths or censoring them entirely.
In this case, the censor was George Doich, a functionary in NASA's public affairs office whose chief credential appears to have been in service with President Bush's re-election campaign and inaugural committee.
It kind of sounds like Brownie Brown again, isn't it?
Well, but on his resume, Mr. Doich claimed the 2003 bachelor's degree in journalism from Texas A&M,
but the University alerted by a blogger said that wasn't even true, Mr. Doich is now resigned.
The shocker wasn't NASA's failure to vet Mr. Doich's credentials,
but that this young political, with no qualifications, was able to impose his ideology on other agency employees.
At one point, he told a web designer to add the word theory after every mention of the big bang.
As Dr. Hansen observed, Mr. Doich was only a bit player in the administration's dishonest game of politicizing science-unissues like warming.
Birth control, fourth policy and clean air.
This from a president who promised to the state of the Union to address to improve American competitiveness by spending more on science.
Liar, liar, your thing is on fire.
How do you like that? You folly will only. You coaxed Norton, booze, or go to the end, keeps it turd.
God. Well, you have to have respect for our president. Wrap this one.
Man. Oh. I'm gonna all choke up about it.
The choke knows. Well, you were sneezing before. No, not gagging. I'm just...
I'm just sneezing.
Ow.
See, that's the way it goes, Bush. I'm getting stuff out of my nose. Not...
Sorting something into it. As the case may be. You ever do Coke?
I got diet right here. No, I did not ever do Coke. Why?
Dollar just taking a survey. No. What about Josh? You ever do Coke?
I have not. No. No. George's done it. That's why he asked.
But it's not my thing. No. George has dropped. Asciting's done Coke. He's a crystal.
No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No
Well, god. I told you I told you I told you I taught you I taught you I taught you this I taught you this I taught you this I taught you this I taught you this I taught you this And I told you I taught you in goodness. In goodness. In goodness. In goodness. In goodness. In goodness. In my Good Moo today. In cie T
For any particular reason, you just get some of my nerves.
He's like my mother.
Now my mother's been dead year and a half more than that.
And the one benefit of that is that I don't have to be nagged all the time.
Now, now's what's wrong?
You know, like that day I'm on vacation.
I'm sleeping in the phone rings.
I mean, you know, what's wrong?
I'm on vacation, bitch.
Oh, yeah.
The worst nag in history, the human race.
And then she finally takes her dirt nap now and leaves me alone.
And I got clearance.
Well, you saw his performance yesterday and he goes through this long.
And instead of just having him send these little bulbs or whatever needs for this board,
and there's none of them out yet anyway.
Just, you know, get it like make sure to last another three years if I last that long.
And I know he's going to make a big prop.
And while the switches are what goes wrong and the light bulbs don't go out,
yeah, light bulbs don't go out.
That's what we learned from our program director yesterday.
Light bulbs last forever.
And believe you me, he's living proof that they don't because his bulb went out a long time ago
if it was ever on the first place.
Just anything else?
Anything else?
No, nothing else.
Just go away.
Get my check on time, which nice go on clearance two days early this time.
Oh, thank you so much.
Now just go away.
I'll see you look at about the 20th of the month.
The minute you're about the 25th.
I just go away.
He is so freaking annoying and just nag and nag.
You might want to mention that on Monday that we need an adult program director
at the radio station in every lunch with Joe Bell.
You might want to mention that.
All right.
I'm not joking about that either.
You might also want to mention the fact that like we also from the sales department
now that he's making a big movie, got the sales manager, the new one in there.
And that's a start and brought by and smuts back, which is great.
The icing a little bit of feedback once in a while.
I know that we don't have too much feedback.
You know what I mean?
Right.
I'm not talking about the kind on the air, but I'll mention that to Joe.
And the new sales manager.
Yeah.
You got to meet the new sales manager.
He's actually going to speak to me.
He's supposed to be roaming around the building today, but I'll go look for that.
Wow.
If he actually speaks to us, that'll be quite a development.
We'll put that into whatever programs on is a bulletin by us human.
You.
Any of us.
Anybody connected with this show or with the Humphers show?
That would be quite an accomplishment after his last tour, but where they dragged you
there.
Of course, that was a Greg Reed thing, you know.
And I think that had something to do with him in the school.
And this is Neil Roger.
This is 5.162.8.
I like Google Fish.
It's inside the shower.
I like the shower.
It's a nice shower.
It's a nice shower.
Hey, here's some exciting news.
And thanks to whoever faxed it and never would have found this because I don't really
check that MSNBC thing that often.
For whatever reason, I don't know either.
Cookie StoryWD.
The man who drove through SUV in a dealership kills himself on board flight.
He's dead.
The man who drove his new SUV into a Miami-Dade Ford dealership and set it on fire killed himself
on board a commercial flight last night.
George, I'm sorry, Gerard Gerard Giorgetis was charged with a heart attack.
Christopher Cologne, Bartolol Cologne, came in in the fourth inning.
Gerard Giorgetis was charged with arsenic criminal mischief after the incident Saturday
afternoon at Metro Ford in Miami.
The FAA said a passenger was found dead in the bathroom with a United Airlines play Wednesday
night.
The plane was flying from Washington DC to LA and was diverted to Denver.
The Denver Medical Law, can you imagine walking in the tea room and there's a guy laying
there dead as a door nail in the small, pretty small, the bathroom.
The Denver Medical Examiner's office confirmed that the man was Giorgetis.
The fire at Metro Ford caused about a million dollars in damage.
NBC's sister's Nick Bogard spoke with Giorgetis on Monday who said he regretted his actions.
We just stupid Giorgetis said.
And now he dead.
He dead.
Come down the bathroom.
So we killed himself on board a phone.
I guess he was having like second thoughts about doing something that stupid to say how
he killed himself.
Why not I said that channel six is continuing.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I mean, that's the whole idea is to keep a little bit of suspense out there.
You don't want to shoot the whole thing down.
He was always head down the toilet.
I don't know.
All right.
Maybe he impaled himself a one in real dull, plastic knife.
I know.
I did it.
He drank that water from the sink.
Now we do it.
Or maybe just a few months from that toilet, maybe seven didn't flush.
Maybe didn't flush that blue liquid down the, well, five six seven oh five sixty pound
five sixty in the Verizon and say, that's one thing about when I'm on.
And of course, I hate.
Oh, I hate doing it in the airplane.
Me too.
But sometimes, especially if you're dumb enough to eat their food and boy, all of a sudden
there's a music explosion.
What's even worse is doing it on the bus.
Yeah, like a kid that's got all the bus here today.
Right.
Because the bus kind of moves around.
Yeah, but all of a sudden, it's a sudden stuff.
Of course, the airplane kind of like hits one of them pockets and all of a sudden,
wow, you talk about a moving experience.
Remember Peter Sellers with his leg up in the air with the broken leg?
Right.
And anyway, what was I just going to say?
I don't want to talk about it.
And the thing I forgot to mention before about that, and it's a true story about my experience
when the shower last night, that was all brought on by that hall's, uh, Sukho's
Fremantle lifters.
Right.
And they make it up with all special too.
Oh, brother.
I am a serial man.
I was enough to like gag.
We could have gasped the whole alkytah with that.
Water damaged auto is from hurricanes.
They're flooding the market.
They're beaten up.
They're bad news, but they're good and hiding their past.
By the time the truth comes out, it's too late.
They're flood cars.
Water damaged vehicles that have been cleaned up and resold in the next few months,
unwarey shoppers could get soaked as thousands of salvaged cars from hurricanes could
train a red in a woman, roll into up states around the country.
Insurance investigators already have uncovered flood cars in Florida and California,
although so far no complaints have been filed with consumer affairs agencies in
Broward or Palm Beach counties.
What?
Nobody sure how many flood damage vehicles are in the sunshine state.
And listen, that's perfect for Florida.
Sukho is born every minute.
Look at the governor.
Look at your fat ass governor.
He's proof of it.
For last year's hurricane's arrest and aint to a 10 rate between 250,000 and 600,000
flood cars more than any storm season in history.
Investigators think thousands might be in Florida more on the way.
We know they're out there.
It's going to be a huge headache for everybody to sustain DOS, a senior special agent in
Tampa with the National Insurance Crime Bureau, and investigative and educational organization
financed by the insurance industry.
It's not illegal for dealers of private owners to sell vehicles damaged by water, but it
becomes fraud investigators say if the sellers don't disclose the car's history or circumvent
state title regulations requiring such problems to be declared.
I can just see that right now, can't you?
These are the worst cars, big signs saying, well, these are from an Orleans by the way,
this from the hurricane.
Look at it like 10 bucks off.
These are the worst cars on the road.
No one should be driving them to Larry Gamachi, spoken for car facts, which conducts title
and accident and re-history research.
These are cars that said, infested water.
Oh, water, great word.
FETID, fended water filled with industrial and human waste.
Oh, man.
Can't remember the tow yard turd.
Many New Orleans dealers crushed their stocks of unsolved flooded new cars rather than risk
having them back out in the market, does it?
A recent Louisiana law request all total cars due to the flooding to be destroyed or sold
only for parts.
In hopes of protecting the customer's beer for the first time is open its private flood
files, so buyers can check if a vehicle is a hurricane survivor.
About 205,000 flood damage costs already in the online database.
The Bureau's database, logging flood damage, vehicle identification numbers or VINs, recorded
by insurance companies and agents like DOS, is available at www.nicb.org.
It also includes hull numbers of damaged boats in ICB.org.
Car facts normally charges 20 to 25 bucks for a repurposed, law-and-consumer's use
its flood database, free as well, go to carfax.com-slash-flood.
Got it?
Got it.
Car facts, Abby.
I mean, carfax.com-slash-flood.
What's almost car facts, Abby?
Isn't that where Dracula was hanging out?
I thought it was Fairfax.
Huh?
I thought it was Fairfax.
Fairfax.
Car facts.
Neuromax.
Spirited.
Car leans in its flooded cars.
The city of New Orleans could lose up to 80% of its black population of people and it's
not going to be chocolate, baby.
Rain eggens is going to be really peeled.
White chocolate, maybe.
The city of New Orleans could, I don't like white chocolate, do you?
I'm not done.
No, not into that.
It's sickeningly sweet.
And it doesn't taste like chocolate.
It just tastes like sugar.
Right.
Ooh.
Too sweet.
That's why you don't like email her.
Too sweet.
When you stop, well, it's a good movie, man.
Imagine here it was just great.
You got a nice group of people from watching it.
I was just pretending it's a...
Yeah, another one of them.
And you're the one that just sent me Fairfax mountaineat.
The Faggery in Imagineery here was very, very subtle.
Very, very subtle.
I mean, if you're like taking leek or something in that particular moment when that
kiss takes place, you don't even notice it.
You blink and miss it.
That's it.
I mean, they did.
It must have been the...
Right.
The ecstasy.
That's what it was.
The city of New Orleans could lose up to 80% of its black population.
The place that people displaced by Hurricane Katrina are not able to return to damaged
hoods according to an ongoing university study.
This means that policy choices affecting who can return to which neighborhoods and with
what forms of public and private assistance will greatly affect the future of the character
of the city according to the Brown University study, or the Brown University study as opposed
to the White University study which is being funded by the National Science Foundation.
The lead researcher is a sociology professor, John Logan, determined that if the city's
returning population was limited neighborhoods on damaged by Katrina, half the white population
would not return.
80% of the black population would not return.
So your right is going to be like light chocolate.
There's very good reason for people to be concerned that the future of New Orleans will
not be a place for the people who used to live there, that there won't be room in
New Orleans for large segments of the population they used to call home, said Logan, who studies
urban areas.
All them mugwumps will be coming back from the Bayou instead.
The study used maps from FEMA that detailed flood and wind damage in comparison to the
data from the US census determined who and what areas were affected.
It found the storm damage areas have been 75% black compared to 46% black and undamaged
areas of the city.
It also found that 29% of the households in damaged areas lived below the poverty line compared
to 24% of the households in undamaged areas.
Just like Kanye Jimmy Carter was saying, it created King's funeral yesterday.
While he and everybody else were taking good, well-deserved shots at your dumb ass, smoking
chimed president.
Here's this rag head from Syria again on here.
This propaganda is bald-headed geek on CNN.
Get on is Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and
Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and
Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and
Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and
Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and
Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and
Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and
Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and
Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and
Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and
Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and
Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and
Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and
Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam and Adam
B. Or maybe like Upchuck, Upchuck, Upchuck as the name indicates is a free service of the translation that is some time a little rough which don't always come first line.
For instance, when I typed in my Ace in the hole and the selected that English to a tenet, it said, Imelosos Nelforo.
Oh my gosh.
El mio asso asso no foro
P.S. if you ever has never seen a movie that formula starting George C. Scott
Marlon Brando check it out considering the times they've been it's right for
remake of the what can't imagine when giving a better for instance Brando
plays the head of a large oil cartel the last thing with Scott and Brando is
great the formula sounds very familiar to me you've seen a form very
formula no I've been using like V.O.5 formula was like Alberto V.O.5
El mio asso if you do you clear careful no foro
El mio oh it'll solo me oh I'm very careful because I'm right on the verge of
it right saying most of it like oh wait we don't have anything
12.58 a.k.a. when we come back we're gonna like swear an Italian for an hour
okay boys don't need a rely on it this is V.O.5
the wrong to do hours from the producers of ABC sci-fi trailer invasion comes
to show about even scarier more diabolical Jared devil has to mind their
existence for years but they're here among us in your town even in your own
home just waiting for you to pick up the phone George what stars as the listener
in invasion of privacy yeah see my computer just crashed
did you hear that yeah I am going to be a dick it is where is someone else
there on the line no what who is this
yes I go it's gonna the door there Steve it's just me your president
going ahead don't buy me mr president what's going on it and how do you know my
name oh I know a lot about you I like your nickname is Bubba and your
pizza having fried and I can't let's see you're right looks like you missed a few
papers on that student on there but I can't believe it's you can't do this
I think in there Bubba oh well I am also feeling right as indignation watch
it there I just put tell of new daddy but this is what you're being a private
a private overseas call there bootable I am not a boy I am Hindu I don't care
for Shamu don't mess with Texas son because I got a predator drone circle 3851
Calcotic order right now so watch it but invasion of privacy tonight at
the exchange they will be civil rights station on ABC one out to five sixty
W.Q.M. the Harold says at least seven Republican state senators with
Julia support from my means Alex Belalo most bid to become Flores first Cuban
American Senate president the senators all solid conservatives say they
have different reasons for swing their supports a senator Jeff atwater a
northbound beach Republican for backing away from the moderate
Villalobos who's made a few high profile votes against the party line
established by fat ass governor Jeb Booth he's getting his seat
right that's right whether this means Villalobos is officially not the future
leadership post which begin 2008 is unclear
Villalobos support to say still has enough votes from his fellow Republicans
who control the 40 member chamber with 26 vote
Villalobos said he's not given up but acknowledged he was caught late in the
active well organized conspiracy engineered by senator Alex the as a
la Portilla a fellow Miami Cuban American Republican how do you like that
back stabber but I first ran for this office I was behind that I had the
votes now some people are saying on behind this is far from over Villalobos
be saying the as a la Portilla didn't comment this morning at water who met
with the La Lobo's this morning couldn't be reached either mean time
Senate Democrats who can conceivably team up with moderate Republicans to keep
fellow Lobos are staying out of the fight once out for the Democrats said the
party is eagerly watching Republicans tear each other apart in an effort to
remove a Cuban American from one of the states top law making poofed the
Harold reported in today's edition that the cool attempt at failed Wednesday night
however two of the senators who said they were Villalobos camp the Wednesday night
switched this morning they switched a third senator JD Alexander refused to
comment Wednesday was among those who backed away from Villalobos somebody got
too a lot of like that speaking to your fat ass governor and captain Harris and a
guy who talked in that very high pitch voice I couldn't listen to no he was just
too squeaky what was he talking about about Kevin here or idea some crap here of
us drove Iran's nuclear policy oh just too much of this propaganda man too much
truth American public they're like they're like what Jack Nicholson said you
can't handle the truth actually what he said to Tom was you fairy the George W.
Bush administration's adoption of a policy threatening to use military force
against Iran disregarded a series of official intelligence estimates going back
many many years that consistently judged Iran's fear of US attack to be a major
motivating factor in its pursuit of nuclear weapons two former CIA officials
who were directly involved in producing CIS to mix on Iran revealed in separate
interviews with IPS that the national intelligence estimates on Iran have
consistently portrayed its concerns about the military threat posed by the US
is a central consideration into Iran's pursuit of nuclear weapons capability
Paul Pilar who managed the writing of all NIE's on Iran from 2005 that's
national intelligence estimates Pilar wonder if he's getting to Pilar on their
passions told IPS that all the NIE's on Iran during that period addressed the
Iranian fears of US attack explicitly and related their desire for nuclear
weapons to those fears Iranian perceptions of threat especially from the US
and Israel or not the only factor Pilar said love one our judgment part of
what drove whatever effort they were making to build nuclear weapons Pilar said
the dominant view of the intelligence community in the past three years has
been that Iran would seek a nuclear weapons capability but aimless to also
consider that a woman is a part of Washington to reassure Iran on security
fears would have a significant effect on the Iranian policy like that they
don't want that what they want to do is go in there and like you know kill a
whole bunch of people because after all isn't that what compacted
conservatism is all about that's right I'm sure I remember in that first
debate when Gore asked him what does that really mean compared to conservative
and Bush said kill some people yeah website hawking this is good news I think
websites hawking phone records shut down first of all how that ever how that
ever started in the first place has got to be in a family you know as they
say in toadino following a wave of negative publicity and pressure from the
government several websites that pedal people's private phone records are
calling it quits gives me the schmitz we are no longer accepting new orders was
the announcement posted yesterday on two-side sites locate cell dot com and
cell tools dot com they should find whoever put those sites up and
and you know and you wonder how that guy died in a plane yeah we don't know yet
up I just I just rejected because I know that you know inquiry minds want to know
how we often self how to commit suicide in a plane maybe maybe took a pill okay maybe
had a sign I'd tablet thank you for your pay for it it was a player survey you
those sites said then they closed down the FTC this week and after the sweep of 40 sites
known to have been selling private phone records according to FTC's
live it live a parns more than 20 sites have recently shut down or stopped
advertising for new business the agency has sent letters to about 20 other sites
warning them they may be violating the law should review the business practices
said parns director of the FTC's bureau of consumer protection parns who testified before
a cynics company on consumer affairs said the commission also has a number of ongoing investigations
into the sale seat and not elaborate while some sites appear to be closing up shop others have
seen a boom in business where the recent media attention said Mark Rottenberg exactly
the director of the old electronic privacy information center Rottenberg urged lawmakers
to ban a practice known as pretexting in which data brokers others call a phone company
impersonated customer and then persuade the company to release the calling records I mean they
they have to they have to urge lawmakers to ban it fraud right those records usually include
who a person called who called them in the duration of the calls we did them make this back in one
case that received a lot of attention recently the blogger was able to buy the phone records
a former Democratic presidential candidate Wesley Clark who was fond of calling the deli then for
takeout all the site needed it said was Clark's cell phone number the credit card payment of
89.95 ever that one Wesley Clark was campaigning and I want to talk that punk hold into anybody who's
good on meat the press is going to be or whatever he said remember that idiotic crap right
just like the other punk that called it thank you mr. President for the low gas prices and then of
course Wesley Clark started in South Florida by eating deli at the deli then that was the end of him
oh yeah he's pandering to be old Jews how you in hell and then what do you think about that pretty
stupid transparent pretty stupid and of course he turned out to be hungry idiot and again
even though I agree with him many of the things he said he's still a hungry idiot I mean take a
look at that democratic field okay what do we got got Howard Dean we got Dennis Quasenich who
nobody would take seriously because he's got that little hair piece and he's about two feet
telecoms of your knees all sharp and out sharp and who's a little bit two chocolate and two big
mouth and what else we got that Hillary I got in fact what a segue in a minute Hillary Clinton
Walmart love story you're gonna puke I kill it here okay that melting pot stuff as good as it
was I think it's gonna come back and melt it in my mouth it's where I like that song by the four
seasons working my way back through you what radio showed you listen to it a morning before 10
Hank 192 none 151 error america 129 accident family what do they got on NPR 112 Howard Stern
they're serious 103 9.9 percent more than Joe Rose has got 79 as that interesting is neon 79
okay Ron and Paul 71 72 just changed again and Joe Rose went to AB because we assumed
versatility Bob and Tom 68 Joe Rose I hear his really p.o. at the man's middle but he wants to come
back to us we want you back Joe now who did that song we want you back that was in mj.x.n5
wasn't that the song I want you back I want you back Bob and Tom 68 well I can't believe I
remember the name of that group the exciders until that was the memory of this match one hit wonder
the exciders and you still can't find a canyon no I can't but I can find this oh how much
you back Jackson 5 Michael's had been recording for the Pope now on the CDs from Nevada and he's
living in Bahrain and the most of the level of kids but we can like this because this is from
what he was innocent this is some money was like maybe being blessed by Joe or somebody else in
the family and maybe his brothers and and when he was a chocolate he was just yeah a little bit
trough said back then as opposed to like white as a ghost looks like Casper the unfriendly ghost now
Bob and Tom 68 other music station 36 W.I.O.D. 22 XM 18 they got Oprah whoo no speaking English
station 16 and you're right that could be not only a spine goal but maybe a hattieshan C
Mike and Mike in the morning 12 Howard Stern pirate 8 eight people are picking up Howard
magic one or 2.77 why 100 what 5 WFT L4 mr. Ringo Steve came always up to three now that means
that Nick Lawrence voted finally power 96 has got a pair KPS finally got one of the UM got one
so let me know why it's because all in puncture in class they do have classes at UM don't they
once in a while I'm sure the jock still in attendance but I think they got a class every now and
so yeah and of course if you have it's low class what I want to place what I oh brother I
can't even begin to tell you very sad you know what it is there's a word that covers it very nicely
airs odds airs odds that's university like like my room here as university in fact I think this
is a bastion of greater knowledge that are in that is net joint oh but what about that great
school of medicine there oh yeah I can tell you stories about one doctor in particular who
fancies himself as an expert on diabetes oh brother you know it's in spite of him that I'm still
alive I don't want to use his name on here but maybe someday put it in that book I'm telling you
as where doctor is a Winnie used to say just scary oh yeah take one of them pills or whatever you
feel like it and yeah right diabetes my ass probably see you know what the best deal is I don't
want to get in that health kit because the audience hates it be your own doctor you know unless you
got something chronicle in on but very often it's a good idea be your own doctor it's good idea
now learn about your own body you know stick your finger way up your nostril and check out what's
in there do it now finally a TV experience like no other Comcast digital cable with on demand is
easy to use and has lots to love and today you can try for only 3499 a month for three months why
is TV so much better with on demand for starters you can watch a wide variety of movies and shows
whenever you want it's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV on demand is a library of thousands of
programs ready to start when you say so with programming including free movies kid shows music videos
cooking shows sports home improvement shows guitar lessons and so much more you'll always have
something good to watch right when you want to watch it and don't forget about control with on
demand you can start stop pause rewind and fast forward programs using that remote especially if
you're real quick you can't get all this with satellite with up to 250 channels plus on demand
you can build your own TV schedule who could possibly acts for more and best of all on demand is free
with Comcast digital cable so pick your showtime sit back and you wonder how you ever managed
call today order Comcast digital cable with HBO with the power of on demand for only 3499 a month
for three months in date call 305 Comcast and in 954 Comcast
this is Neil Rogers this is 560
what every black baby in this country in your primary would go down
yeah oh you sure probably with my DCS boxes down what
else is we got to ensure to break free can play joy's bush doesn't care about black people
we are leaving one track but we are going on another track
no Howard produces true magic we're not dropping out
Howard team sings the classic rocket
South Carolina
on another
way
go
go
go
go
go
go
go
go
go
go
go
go
go
go
go
go
go
go
go
you know what the media just suck it up man they just manipulating them like like a puppet on a string
just in I'll cut a terrorist plan to fly plane in LA
US bank tower
that great oh well all this crap that he came on it is more another all hyperventilating
safety safety safety he's keeping us safe
we don't care what in other words so let's just give up all our rights let's just
tear up the whole constitution it's just like he says it's just a crappy piece of paper anyway
who gives a crap about it and the media just willingly man just sucking along
sucking along that's my message to you people in the media especially you idiots at CNN you suck
you bastard roast that's what Columbus would have said here bastard roast he would have
rolled his arms few times too he probably was rolling a big fat one as he said it
god can you imagine what he what he must have had a good now he ever make it to Jamaica man
he was in the Bahamas yeah man all over the Caribbean yeah he went all over the Caribbean I'm
treated yeah he was a Jamaica man Hillary Clinton and Walmart love story from the
Huffington Post you're gonna barf you better get your pot out I'm not talking to smoking kind of
talking about the even Walmart the largest and arguably the most powerful corporation the country
is no match for the triangulation pandrian obfuscation of Hillary Clinton with Walmart rating his
public enemy number one among many liberals progresses and just regular voters Clinton is
fighting her past ties to Walmart too hot to handle so presto over the side the beast of Bentonville
must go for those not in the no Clinton served on Walmart's board for six years prior to her
husband's run for the presidency she recently received five grand from Walmart I've raised the
Walmart relationship rights Jonathan to see me on the Huffington Post repeatedly my current race
against Clinton causes deep unease among voters I believe it speaks to the incumbents close to
actual be a corporate power for large corporate financial contributions there's a force for so
called free trade which is simply trade the benefit corporations her support for so-called
and her unremarkable to confront corporate power that ties every American among other things
universal health insurance so I had to chuck did you crack your fingers again yes so I had to
chuckle when I read that Clinton having never said a bad word about the company in the past
recently said that Walmart should pay more for its workers health benefits and to boot you return
the five grand she received from the company but when asked what she did about the company's
benefits for workers when she served on the board she replied well you know that was a long time
after remember you can't have it both ways you can't promote an image of being an intelligent
woman who has a pile of facts or fingertips but at the same time you suffer a sudden bout of
amnesia when asked to answer for your record that will be an inconvenient record to defend in 1992
Walmart was simply smaller than it is today but it was still huge with forty three point nine billion
dollars in that sales it's seventeen hundred plus stores and three hundred and seventy one thousand
employees even in ninety two Walmart was already the world's largest retailer and the board Hillary
Clinton said on was rabbi Lee anti-union exploiting the sweatshop labor around the world discriminating
against women workers forcing workers to labor off the clock and destroying communities that didn't
want them this should not be a shock car or Clinton was a partner in the role of law firm one of
the most active anti-union law firms in the country so the question still remains what did Hillary
Clinton do or not do when she served on the board of Walmart maybe if her memory was refreshed she
could tell us how she protested the company's relentless union busting expressed feminine
outrage at the widespread discrimination against women and was horrified that the mushrooming
wealth of Walmart family was made possible on the backs of slave labor around the world her behavior
then when the spotlight was not on and the record didn't matter to voters she tell a lot of voters a
lot about her principles and values and a carefully orchestrated image New Yorkers trying to figure
out voters deserve to know well he wants to her orifice but never let her she's a full of crap
is what she is a politician for a piece of crap dandelion but I beg your pardon she's a dandelion
he's a seed but yeah yesterday Hillary accused Republicans of playing the fear card on terrorism
she's all over the place to win elections and said Democrats can't keep quiet if they want to win
in November is this the same Hillary who voted for the war in Iraq let's be the New York Democrat
facing re-election this year and considered a potential White House Republican in 2008 said
Republicans won the past elections on the issue of national security they're doing it to us again
they didn't win the last two elections okay I have to break the news to you she said a speech by
presidential adviser Carl Rolf to weeks ago showed the GOP election messages all we've got is
fear and we're going to keep playing the fear card that's why your president was on today by the way
how can I try to talk about this aborted al-Qaeda tech and LA say fee say fee safety in that speech
Rolf suggested Republicans can prevail in 2006 by showing the Democrats that under my
terrorism fighting efforts by questioning Bush's authority to wiretapping without getting court
approval first Clinton said a convention of UAW workers that Democrats should not be afraid of
question Bush's handling of the war I don't know how that she's sucking up to the UAW now I take
a backseat to nobody when it comes to fighting terrorism standing up for national home land
security she said referring to Osama Yamama she said you can't explain to me why we haven't
captured or killed they tallest man in Afghanistan yet it's since what has it become part of the
American patriotism to keep our mouth shut why not spokesman can let's say Zia whatever's name is
responded it sounds like from the reports that the political season is certainly starting early
but why not she was cheered by the auto workers of you who shouted Hillary from president
Hillary from president and some other one shouted you fairly yeah ice princess well you know
that's what we got that's gonna be what we got pretty scary I really I'm scared oh yeah that's
not good I don't think she could win a fixed election of course it will be fixed I don't think
she can win it yeah the wrong way five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty of the
Verizon singular wireless line I mean why should this election be different from any other
American election in recent years fixed wkym hello
Daily stop reading that time store wkym hello
Hello yes sir yeah hey how are you I heard you yesterday just talking about the new hdbb
yes have you heard about the Sony blue ray dbb that is coming up when's that coming out
to you some that they should be well actually is at the end of this year they have its projected
towards november or December but they're releasing the new PlayStation 3 which is blue ray compatible
does their launch yeah so they're planning basically launching first like a game station
which is compatible with this type of blue ray and then that's gonna be the first platform for
for Sony and the competition for to shiba wait there for shiba's coming out next month so
why do I want to wait till the end of the year till Sony gets around to it well the blue ray has
an advantage of well it's got more capacity for information with blue ray dbb you could have all
those trailers and extra features that you won't find on a on a hdbbb from to shiba I think it's got
four layers of of data instead of two from the chiba well I mean how much how much how many layers
do I need like about about the third man well we're currently using one in fact I think our
layer is going to get pretty sick on this phone call to be honest with you but yeah well I'm
feeling the difference it's the density of the dbb and the machine it's a good machine monitor please
is it a good machine yeah it is a good we're going to see monitor that's what I'm looking for is a
good machine monitor I mean I was there for okay thanks for the heads up pali no problem and heads
down heads up heads down five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty neighbor rise and
sing it a wireless line so it's your choice you know it's like when we went through the VHS and the
beta the always do the same thing you know which technology is going to be the better one and which
one's gonna stick around and then you go out and you buy something you spend a whole sitting
hot full of money to buy it and then you find out six months later it's not so well in our case
they'll both be obsolete by the time I can afford it oh yeah you and Josh you can't I mean
oh he's getting that big raise out here he's gonna be working over there a pound ninety six
he's gonna be censoring all the filth that they're playing on the air over there by the way when
you have your meeting with our new salesman you might suggest you know that one issue that I have
going that we don't want to see on the air and uh you know and the other one I talk about all right
about feedback you know feedback like that how many QIM hello QIM
I like to speak speaking yeah yeah I will have a ton a little bit about this man just say what happened
yeah I listen to him a little bit yesterday he was so pissed off and that's how he was like him yeah
well his his wife and his kid to make a long story short they were in Detroit I guess after the
Super Bowl and they went to some bar or some club or somewhere and they were waiting online
outside and some punk made some comments about mad Mrs. Mandage Mrs. Mandog and of course the
son actually stepped in for mom and beat the crap out of this other guy and turned into a brawl and
um they got busted they went to jail and uh you know that's it and then he evidently
Mandage stuff that it was channel six that put her picture on the air and went through all
son events about her son and then it come to find out it was channel seven so he put it up
like we were on the air I think it's important he wasn't there no he was he was here in Florida
all right okay now I understand thank you if he'd have been here the other guy would have
been dead you know that okay see if there's no question is there that wouldn't have been good
because then the maddo would have been having to do his show from behind bars that would not have
kind of interesting you Martha Stewart could do why not maddover or Johnny Cash Johnny Cash could
do it there you go he walked a fine line between life and death and then he finally tripped right
over it uh oh what was the big simmiss with Johnny Cash I mean I realized he had I walked a line
and it was good duck for you he was good yes at what at singing and doing his own writing
songs getting good classic like what I walked along I walked a line and ring a fire how about a
boy named Sue boy named Sue was a good boy named Sue Sunday morning coming down written by
Chris Christopherson is a very good son Chris Christophore Roa races he driving in he discovered
America yeah Cologne you know he discovered Cologne too Germany as you didn't know that I did not
now there's a city oh you got to see that place before you croak go to Cologne Germany
they're right after about that HD DVD just before you go to terino hey whether you live near downtown
for a lot of day or not want to tell you about a restaurant that's worth the driver if you live
anywhere within driving business it's called terror stake and lobster house and it's located on
the 17th Street Causeway Tara will be there personally she's there just about every night
greeting her guests at her brand new fabulous 200 seat restaurant lounge probably bringing East Coast
residents the same unique fantastic terror dining experience that earned her Marco Island restaurant
near perfect marks in these against survey and also a wine spectator award of excellence or a wine
list now boasting over 380 selections from the world's greatest wine regions maybe even from
todeno the main attraction in terrestrial lobster houses just like the name would suggest to you
juicy delicious dates and lobster and they also do a fine job with their cognac and fused lobster
bisque moms classic crab cakes a great selection of fresh seafood and chops regarded by many people
is the Peter Louvre of the South which I think speaks for itself terror incorporates family
recipes to complete the menu sauce and dressings are made fresh in house every day and hand selected
dry age short loins used to prepare their signature porterhouse for one two three or four are served
cut away from the bone on a sizzling platter and they're so succulent they will melt in your mouth
sweet and tender is the only way to describe terrestrial six pound main lobster collection
prepared whatever way you like steam broth stuff with lump crab meat or filet for the ultimate
surf and turf with it and now being stone crab season terrestrial quickly becoming these stone crab
no need to fight Miami traffic here throws jumbo sweeties but make sure to reserve them in advance
because they go like hotcakes don't miss terrestrial happy hour of him Monday through Friday two for
one specially drinks or their complimentary wine tasting like tonight every Thursday from 530 to
730 when you stick around for dinner terrestrial lobster house you'll find them at 1430
southeast 17th street causeway in Fort Lauderdale for reservations call it's 954 765 6202
here looking for a really fabulous feast this is the place for you 954 765 6202
or you can find more on their website at terrestrial lobsterhouse.com
this is Neil Rogers this is 516 QA
if the terror is warning
all right so as you drive on into world
feel it the white house says what all the new now can be sure with a mic strike neck
yeah we're nervous Rex because of all of the stress
from spelt as we better watch out he's the word I feel it we are
the instantaneous warning
the government says we've broken and I'm sick
yeah
this ain't not it but when now now
just see if it's right to run joe yeah I think there are hopes they give me
a stroll I think that night just really nor again
lift my life enjoy the ride my life I can't abide
this is very cute this is
as is the idea you say good with your point of view but I think your way off the
mark today bushes correct on the early attack I remember watching it on tv I
think it was called 24 yeah I think Johnny Bauer is the one that intervened
wasn't it Johnny Bauer is that who does and Jack Bauer and pop a bar you never
watched 24 as a matter of fact I am borrowing the series right now
and have not started watching it yet well very seriously president bush today
disclosed new details of a four-terrorist new details yeah new details see this is
a new they were much a new deal about it we're gonna like run their boobies into
the building and knock it down this is not a new story this is an old story that's
they're like dusting off and that happened in early 2002 and the fact of the
matter is you know and we've heard about this before and now we're just getting
new details and they're making a big sentence about this of course because that's
the idea to justify the idea and it also says bush made no mention of a
controversial NSA Eve's dropping program that the administration is credited
with helping thwart terrorists plots and save American lives but we put a
loop but that's what it's all about the west coast plot was described in general
terms last year after bush said in the speech on terrorism that the US and its allies had
toward at least 10 series L-Kyder plots which was alive by the way since the 9-11 attacks including
three intended to be carried out in US territory oh yeah we know those dangerous guys in Detroit
and Buffalo and that would total lie in fact one of those shows those cbc shows that we had
on our website i forget which one it was one of those passionate eye shows debunked all of
that in detail and gave the real facts there but don't confuse the public with the facts let's
just try out this thing right now and give us greater detail just just keep an impression of
mind of the public safety safety safety because they know damn well that this whole thing's going
to blow up in their face and of course if it isn't that maybe it'll be very valuable of
alory playman scooter liby or if it isn't that maybe it'll be a time delay or maybe it'll be
do cutting hand doop doop i got to play that over and over again gene chandler man dook
a rural what do you hear it no what you're with my not a little bit now let's see how do you talk
this one up yeah just like that okay well that was big in fact i think i could be wrong let me
look at my book i think that was released more than once like louis louis not according to
all my listing here i beg your pardon it's just got it listed under 62 well excuse
me i could be wrong about that i think you are
and then there's daisy doop doop rollo is number one for three weeks
january 27th 1962 11 weeks on the chart what a whole house that it was re-released
josh oh robert creeper said it yeah born Eugene dixon 7 6 37 in Chicago gene chandler
rb singer producer uh join the duke's vocal group in 57 they first recorded for nat in 61
group recorded duke over one to contract for nat however vj purchased a recording released a
record as by gene chandler i'd like that all right then he formed his own label mr chand
from 69 to 73 and he had some moderate hits just be true bless our love what now
nothing it's stop me and groovy a situation never heard of any of them not a one did you
know it was number one for five weeks out rm v charts duke cutting ham duke
rural house burns while man makes a food run a man and this is in washman a man who went out for a
few minutes to buy food came back to find his northwest washman house ablaze yesterday a lady in
the block uh said is that your house i said i hope not up to that point i wasn't even sure
said joe howard the fire was so intense and building so one's stable that firefighters had to
evacuate and resorted a battle in the flames from outside dc fire emergency medical services
department spokesman alan edder said sections of the homework falling apart neither how
and ready firefighters were hurt caused the fire wasn't known was unclear for whatever be found
like that caused it at the guy dying on the plane maybe just died maybe maybe god just smited him
you think possible fire investigators will go in effort determined safe to go in and maybe
that they'll never go into investigate wonder is it went out for a quick fight and uh bit of
many ass farbourg bonk i probably shouldn't read all these bedtime stories because that one crank
collar was very uh on edge i think the guy with a squeaky voice how come we got so many people with
squeaky voices lately or speaking of that girl the at two and then it comes back after mad dog with
it a Roberto Luongo show live from paredino Roberto Luongo by the way we'll be going to terino how
do you like that for the olympic team why they're why they're playing in these olympics i have no
idea because gory betman's a schmuck it's a very very bad idea after a year of no and hl and they
build up all the momentum to where they are now they build up the big mold like oh let's take
a couple weeks off all of those some guys that need to heal up their wounds you know what i'm saying
we say most of you sometimes need a couple of weeks to heal up your wounds depend on what wounded you
wna. k.y.m. hello hey how you doing nilly okay uh listen as i say uh
split the version of that that's done by cypress hill that was pretty cool from duke of
rural well i'm good and try that one cypress hill on up George might know it cypress hill
cypress hill no that version sorry now now as i did the group name cypress hill they came out with
it with a song from that not anyway sorry i said enjoy your day okay thanks no squeaky voice guy
and i think that's all the same guy well i've always thought it is one like six different colors
is that the cypress cypress preta? look at it that's beautiful world no it's cypress hill
oh cypress and the scene in the membrane um don't you know right go
um come to qa and hello okay uh no that panic killed
the uh i mean you're playing what? it's a minute uh right
don't have a rest failed out let's see you
well i tell you one thing what what technology we got nowadays in 2006 we've got the best
amp technology you know at least people go out and they buy this cheap cell phones i think i
think they get them like in a cereal box you know like we used to get in a bottle of
ginger like a gas station cell phones convenient store cell phones that drug users yeah
and like they have the throwaway little cameras you know we got throwaway cell phones now call any
Roger show it in uh that truck it w2 a m hello qa m there's another one no more bedtime stories please
bye just for him i'm gonna read like 400 of them drop that okay holy i'll get back kind of
and here is all right can't hear us now what you do about her episode on the plane wow
i'm not sure i can put that on the area w2 a m hello
w2 a m hello
yes sir i got the i was listening to uh the Aaron Gilles show this morning
for what show uh the Aaron Gilles show and the uh cammy uh the uh any camo to show
what's all that after show on the phirus you've been missing out a show on one
a psirus yeah what's all a psirus you mean serious yeah
serious are you are you yeah get psirus will you i think that's what they call it in Egypt
on psirus but look man i'm about to tell you something your people need to be certain
spicketing ways i don't know if you're gonna yeah your people always want to know yeah right
he was one of you everybody that he said is one of my he was calling from inside
is you see when a stranger call it he was inside your house it is really this is Neil Rogers
this is 5.62 a m
it is unquenchable his animal magnetism knows no bounds he's a man he's a beast he's boi go
boi go oh you're okay do you know he's
your boi go here i'm just having an asthma attack you uh somebody call it in he's a boi
dirty no ticket yes no yes that's right you can talk dirty to boi go too
have the moose with antler satisfy your every beastile desire don't stop i'm almost there
you're almost here boy if i knew you were coming at a big cake boi go make me scream
well okay your credit cards have been removed
yes talk dirty to boi go call 1900 moose me two dollars the first minute six dollars each
additional minutes the moose is waiting to talk to you
who's got the code ready to call one nine hundred moose me right now
145 a qm and the good news for you is that that last got a quality actually is in your house
and even better news is that when you get home he and your wife both will be gone
gee that would be safe side or something things are really looking up now surprise speaking of
you and your kids surprise decision by a gallery may change brow at school start day
oh my god not exciting galagher the comedian yes
no the magician the one way of who you're going back to school
i don't know about kids in the south go to school anyway they learn anything at all
huh no just give like a certificate not in school they don't let it floor to no that's what i'm
saying she just gonna sit there get said i live in Florida don't blame me and i can look for it
you know instead of having like a diploma or something like that just a piece of paper
a surprise turn around by one brownie county school board member may lead to a latest school
start date after all i'm definitely galagher a pepper pines now says she will back August 14
as the new starting date for the coming school year at this time as they prevailing vote i would
like to bring back the calendar issue for reconsideration at the next board meeting she wrote in the
email sent to the school superintendent this morning the next meeting is February 20 on two day
the school board voted five four and started a date of august nine which had begun school on a
Wednesday the decision set the audience appearance pouring out of the boardroom furious pissed off
and fired up if no other board members altered their votes galagher switch would clear the way for
school to start on a monday august 14 why would you want to start on a Wednesday so people have to
screw up their summer vacations right right just the pissed people off and we had enough to
resolve any early hurricanes and all the other crap that people are still trying to put their
houses in their lives back together again you idiots you quizzlings you you you fairy galagher wrote
that angst over her votes to support the august nine star date later to have trouble sleeping
Tuesday was the nice she had a maybe there was a rocks on the windows man has something to do with
she had it as he feared the decision meant the board lost credibility with the community
haha oh a single what time is here show on by the way is that last break really 90 seconds what are
these 30s we got that's why I got caught short of that first break all these short breaks that's
right when you meet that new sales manager tell me that the other guy was an idiot time to get
with it good thing we got these ABC 30s which I have no idea what they are I'm sure we don't
either but the boy that's weak one board member who voted on the opposite side of galagher on to
this it was thrilled to learn the change of heart board member Stephanie craft I applaud her
courage you said it takes a big person to step back my group is divided between the 14th and the
21st but unanimously they don't want to 7 to 9 the extra five days makes a huge difference
said Stephanie and I think she is absolutely correct man right right don't be messing up people
summer vacations that they want you to tell me that my summer schedule ends like in august instead
of like a week after labor day well guess what your mama no chance so none of us on this show watch
any of the emigrante's last night I was busy losing my wings and getting back to even a woodbine
given them back what they were giving me and you guys were plunging your lungs eaten at the
melting pot and for a lot of time I don't know I'll actually I shouldn't be jealous
no that would have killed you especially the proportion I mean I couldn't pass on all that stuff
you described the raspberry truck and the white chocolate part because you don't want to dip bread
into the cheese because you know why I would well it was phenomenal but you don't want to
eat the bread but the main course of it's just like all kinds of meats and things on skewers
meats and sandwiches right Christ that you dip in there and cook up wow that part's all right for
you the rest of us yeah oh the marshmallow is in the graham crackle crust and dip in that in the
chocolate that sounds beyond orgasmic that's what it would be true well it was passed out wow
the expected coronation and this is so this is just it reminds me of our poll yesterday on the
people of movies that they want to see over and over again and blazing saddles and pulp fiction I
mean you know I can't it's like an all ice game factor all over again you know you're
raving about the melting pot experience which I'm sure was fantastic that you that
that these people they want their vanilla ice cream you know yeah it's just so bland and so
boring they're just too many boring people okay boring that's one reason I sit here with these
bedtime stories because I sure it's how beats talking to most of these jackasses out there who
sit there with no life oh I'm gonna call out that they'll find a stupid I'm Cyrus idiots yeah that's
that's a trio of our little circle circle K group it's not as black to me it was not black the last
collar are you starting to get you like Susan Smith man always blaming a crap out of black guys
I'm the dark chocolate guys I'm gonna send right I'm set a ray naked after your ass I'll tell
that right now yeah after this morning it's chocolate now bet oh brother just don't keep
leading me there with those lines okay Joyce do not in fact when you talk to Joe Bell on Monday
you tell me you know I got no one in your prep about Joyce you can tell that whole Joyce
business yeah yeah I think he already knows that but he's powerless because he oh he thought he
was gonna come in with the best of intentions and he was gonna do this thing and then he finds out
he should remember because he knows he he already was over there a kiss he's been working for
beastly for quite some time now he should always working for a bunch of nose pickers I mean even
Greg Reed in my last conversation with him hopefully the last ever says to me at these people I've
no business going public I mean what that mission that was finally after all these years and events
he works for a bunch of tree hugging nose picking a banjo picking uh Yahoo's yeah who don't like
to pay their bills by the way oh wait there's always a really good you know come by our stock and by
the way we don't pay our bills I wonder if they think they take it up collections so they can buy
those switches and light bulbs for this aboard here that's a good point I mean none of them going
out yet clearance so don't like you know knock yourself out don't get too carried away there's no
yeah you have to like a one down there for about five years anyway the uh Grammys were on
last night and the fact that YouTube uh five Grammys there this this is just madness I think that
this whole book thing and this whole uh terrorist crap off I think the public is just losing their
mind um collectively they won album and song of the year award that many observants are
predicted we go to my Mariah Carey which is even more scary I mean if that's the best we got
remember that pull we're taking it like sometime when I feel like it which one what is that called
it's called um somebody who's singing sucks which of today's pop singers are groups is the worst
for somebody next week we'll do that I mean Mariah Carey's already on there from last time and
certainly you too I mean you can't complain about their music because they don't make any they don't
do music by winning an all five categories for which ban was nominated YouTube brought its career
Grammy total of 21 and ordered its first album of the year since the Joshua tree that took
prize in 88 the old Joshua tree from guiding light and by the way speaking to guiding light we got
no Lizzie we got no Cassie we got no Ross Marler who jumped to another soap opera we got the as
deep Cassie we got the no uh Philip because he turned them down what kind of a piece of crap is that
next day they I think they're ever gonna pop a bowler back in a box was that on a 24-show jack
bowler in a box I'll find out I don't know what to say Bono said well how about the f-word
try that one again work the first time YouTube won uh oh I don't want to go through all that
if any acknowledge fellow best album nominees Mariah Carey Gwen Stefani can you west can you
believe it and Paul McCartney Kanye that's Kanye your boy Kanye but that I don't say it that way
because it's don't understand can you believe it you can't say Kanye believe it I guess you
hear a break I could say Kanye believe it careful what Mariah you seem like an angel he said oh my
god Kanye believe it okay I'll start saying Kanye believe it
Carey who went to the 48th Grammys type nominations lead with 813 uh I don't want I mean that's
it that's all we got that's all we got John Legend a classical soul revivalist and the style of
Alicia Keys one best new artist and two more Grammys best male R&B vocal performance for the
voice and panel single ordinary people which he performed on the telecast and best R&B album for
the new collection get lifted Kanye believe it sporting a blonde Mohawk
sliced stone walk on stage during all-star trip because music queued by rock singer Stevie
Tyler of Erasmite and he said don't give me no lift he played keyboard and sang a few lines
if I want to take you higher then walk off stage with a song still playing Madonna opened the show
and a multi-media duet with animated band gorillas a project of British rock musician Damon Al Barn
the cartoon feel period okay just play that just keep playing it
oh let's hear some can you believe it or Kanye believe it oh you want Kanye oh no I don't
really no please no I beg you please I'd rather hear um uh smash mouth well you got Mariah
go right now she'll make you want to hear Kanye yeah can you get rid of her please Kanye
oh she and by the way Louise still ain't interested okay sweetheart he ain't interested in
that one big booby he asked me she ought to got the booby prize their last night so that's
what you got for the Grammys is uh you know you two Mariah scary slime the family still we're good
I know I wouldn't do it see an app for about 40 seconds they're pretty good we are family
huh it could have brought back Bob Prince the 79 Pirates Dave Parker snorting up the chalk lines
with a lot of fun pops pop star Joe chicken on the hill with Will I'm sure that Josh Rimbus all that
oh yeah off the chain so I guess hopefully somebody taped the uh Grammys last night because all
of us missed it and we're pretty we're illin about it now this is Neil Rogers
right though this is 5.62.8
my former networks inability to find a suitable replacement for me demonstrates my true genius
and complete and total domination as an amoea talking head but let us speak about some of the names
who have been mentioned to replace me first Bob Sheifer nice enough man but please he's got less
hair than Madonna's armpits and everyone knows you can't conduct a train if you use Rogaine
another name that has been banning about is John Roberts who currently anchors the Sunday CBS
evening news there's a reason he's been on Sundays for so long plus he's Canadian and everyone
knows when the camera light goes red can't be a hose head then there's Scott Pelley from 60 minutes
he was the guy who helped me make up the story about present and book I think plus he's skinnier
than Kelly Ripper and everyone knows you have to have a meaty can if you want to be the man
and let's go from the ridiculous to the sublime the frontrunner to succeed me seems to be current
today show co-anchor Katie Kirk when I first heard her name in the same sentence as mine I threw
up in my mouth a little bit this person thinks real news is announcing the individual weight
of each of J. Lo's butt cheeks plus her head's too small her eyes are too close together
and she reeks of gene to take when charged with the awesome task of replacing an icon it's
important to remember you can't you can only hope to find someone who is involved Canadian
skinny or so completely self-centered she thinks her name should be part of the pledge of allegiance
for now this is Dan rather signing off and reminding you a whistle is to blow a gong is to bang
and Katie Kirk has about as much to offer the world as a frog with pins in its extremities laying
on a high school lab table this is Dan rather always sure but you're bad Dan but we got the
oki doki on here right now live from the oki fin oki swap anyway this afternoon after I have a
nice lunch right maybe nice big bowl of matsu ball soup all right some of that doofu right
that's what are you starting again with the anti-semantic crappier is done and then after I
have a nice lunch I'm coming back here I'm going to watch bear ass mountain right I can't wait
for the report the virgin copy I have in my hand a nice green case to a nice plastic case right
special for you a diviner case it's green and it's third day bye bye bye
