The music's pressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts?
Hey guess how many Christmas parties I got coming up?
The good guess!
Good guess!
Oh! The big hour!
Zero!
The biggest names!
The best talent!
Guess how many hodys I got coming up?
Oh!
That's it!
Good guess!
More sucking words!
You fell in love with her when Jeb Bush and its flurry of legislatures
glitter feeding to back for another lifeless decade
in a hopeless vegetative coma.
Now it just won't be the media
explaining Terry Shivalp with you here
Terry Shivalp sing the holiday glasses.
Terry!
Terry!
For all of you
for all of you
for all of you
for all of you
for all of you
for all of you
for all of you
for all of you
for all of you
For all of you
for all of you
for all of you
for all of you
for all of you
for all of you
for all of you
for all of your
for all of your
for all of your
Let Terry put you in a coma with this insipid standard.
What are your Terry Shiboholone CD today?
And happy holidays on behalf of the elderly.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And the most important thing is to have a good time.
And by the way, there ain't nobody on our My Space page or anywhere else connected with the Internet that I'm lusting for these days.
OK, recently, a lately or this moment.
But again, they know they got all the answers and they know where you're coming from.
And nobody would be like that.
And there's no generous, nice people out there.
OK, whatever you say, you are the experts.
You know me, like the song says, or you know whatever it's said, because I'm on the ear.
Versailles.
And it's like when they do these interviews with people who are in soap operas, you know, and have been in there for years and played evil characters, you know.
And people meet them like in shopping malls and in parking lots.
You know good rotten, so yeah, and they start pitching them off because they hate the character they play in a soap opera.
It's the same thing. It's the same thing.
This is a radio show. And you know, just like that line in a Godfather, where I've done Krolyon is sitting out there by the tree
and with Michael having that chat about he's warning him that they're going to come out and have the meeting and assassinate him.
Right. And he says, I don't apologize for my life.
You know, I made a living for my family. Whatever he says, I remember exactly what he says.
He says something like that.
But it went into the dead of me.
Yeah, that's right.
Senator Krolyon, whatever. Another peasant Avanti.
Whatever the hell that would be. I still don't know what that means. Another peasant Avanti.
I like the word though. I like that schmaltzia tiny.
Peson Avanti. It's just something about all those words.
Something about being in Italy and hearing those words that I really like, especially the food.
Especially the food.
And those beautiful Italian people.
Of which there are some. Then there are some other ones.
Many other. I've told you this once before. When you go to Italy, there are all these different kinds of look.
You know what I mean? Yeah.
I may be on that describing that well, but...
Well, draw me a picture of faxas.
No, you know what I'm saying. I'm just kidding.
There's like the Roman nose, the big boy-
Yes. The big boy-
The Roman fingers.
Beautiful people over there too.
But anyway, that's beside the point. Don't start with your perversion again on the year.
It's a holiday is now being very bad taste.
But let's see those pictures.
So anyway, George already gave you the teas on Georgia Gives.
That's all I've been hearing before the show this morning.
It's all these corny Georgia Gives songs.
And there's anybody other than chicken-eck in this audience that old toads like me
that even remembers Georgia Gives.
How come we're not hearing any yet?
Oh, because I have to import them.
Well, come on, let's go! You shouldn't know that we were going to get to this.
I'm not going to spend the whole day chewing out of people out there with some stupid faxas.
What did we call them?
There she is!
She's dead. She was innocent.
Oh!
It's all the note.
I touched your lips and all it was the sparkles of the night.
Oh, could she bell out of thin?
Oh, this rock.
Yeah, she rocked like...
...and the way I see it, they just still look plain-grows-tired.
It's a fire. Georgia Gives. Okay, that's enough.
Dance with me Henry.
I'll rock.
Why is your old Henry in a gate?
You got a dance with me Henry.
Oh, man.
All right. That's enough.
Oh, man.
Like, come on, I downloaded three.
Georgia Gives hits all the time.
Where else are you going to hear this?
I guarantee you're taking one of your plays.
We can be glad she's dead now.
Yeah, that's right. That's a good point after hearing these songs.
Be very glad that you're doing this.
She's getting rolled up.
She's making anymore. That's correct.
Yeah, go away Georgia.
Georgia Gives.
Georgia Gives. He's having a version of how Bull voice singer as you heard there.
Bull voice. She could bell out about a tenth of an ounce of...
...of the sound. Old voice singer?
You know what was on again the other night?
I got up.
Standing in the shadows of Motown.
You know me lately I've been like an...
...obsessive personality. That's right.
And I watched it again.
I'm just smitten with that movie, man.
I just love that movie.
Standing in the shadows of Motown.
If you want to buy somebody something nifty for the holidays by the way in the DVD line,
standing in the shadows of Motown if they're a Motown fan or a music fan or just somebody with an IQ larger than their pinky,
that is a fabulous flick.
Standing in the shadows of Motown.
I might just play all the music from that today, but I doubt it.
Georgia.
Oh God.
Take this man and put him back on his rubber rack before he creates any word serious for us.
And I'll step on the grunt now with it.
It's not a favorite part.
Yeah. Yeah.
Grunt on this.
Yeah!
Okay.
Now that was...oh he's dead now.
Yeah, that's sad.
That's for you saying.
Don't tell me.
Oh my god, I have to look it up.
Yeah, you're going to have to.
Ah, gear useless.
Not a roughin, is it?
A muffin? A roughin?
No, that's original one.
No, this was...you're playing a one from the movie, right?
No, it was playing four times. That was original one.
Oh, that was the original one.
That was Gerald Avert, is the one who was saying it when we needed it.
But the original one was...
David Ruffin, okay?
Or maybe it's...
I think Jimmy Ruffin did what he comes to the broken heart.
And then Joan Osborne did that in the movie.
And I just love Joan Osborne.
She is just fataloso.
Everybody in there was good except for that other one who's got all confidence in her name, whatever her name is.
Shaka-Kan?
No, and Anne Hurd.
That's Joan Osborne.
Yeah, anyway, let's get music intensive for the holidays.
All right.
Let's do it.
Okay, so Georgia Gibbs is dead.
And she had...Mez-Gibs along with Pat Boone, Patty Page, other white singers of the 50s.
One more airplay in TV exposure than many of the black artists of there who recorded the same songs.
The Jim Crow policy is a media outlets and the marketing power of major record labels.
Limited to the careers of black performers.
Unable to sell as many records as their white counterparts.
Ms. Gibbs addressed this controversy in later decades, expressing some sympathy but mostly frustration.
And unfairly being singled off is an artistic thief.
She covered LeVern Baker's trial of law, Ruth Brown's,
Mombobadian, Edad James Riske, roll with me, Henry, which was later changed to Ms. Gibbs' version, dance with me, Henry.
Not roll with me, that sounds like an old roll of me.
Yeah, you thief, you bitch.
She was 87 and she died of leukemia.
On December 9, which was severed.
She's dead.
And believe me, none too soon.
The biggest name of best talent in the business, Neil Rogers.
Go.
Absolutely.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
I think I forgot something.
I'm not really sure.
Wonder what is missing.
Hope we see nothing under my dress.
And the photograph all over the press.
You have no common sense in.
Oh, it's just so typically me.
Welcome.
I'm crazy city, where's my underwear?
I put out a pair.
No, really, I swear.
Hope we see crazy, oh, completely exposed.
Don't think I'm a ho-ho-ho-ho.
I'm just an idiot.
Where's my underwear?
I put out something I'm in.
Please help me, Karen.
Oh, please, please, please, eat all over the web.
My comeback is dead.
I'm such an idiot.
I think they have a lot of common person-written, old,
and crazy, once upon a time.
Not that long ago, it looked really hot.
And Paris is about as hot as North Pole.
But never less.
I interrupted myself before I was making a point about that idiotic facts I got yesterday,
giving me the lecture about the first time in eight years.
What about those other eight years?
How many facts did I get from that person saying,
boy, I sure enjoy your show.
And thanks for all the free, great entertainment.
Almost every day, right?
Right.
Never got such a thing, okay?
You have to do the kind of show that they want.
Every day.
Of course, I'm doing a show just for that particular person.
And if you only had a tour of it off once in eight years,
that's a pretty badting average, okay?
Because coming up with material every single day, you know, that's easy.
You can do that.
It's like picking bananas off a ass.
Picking bogeys.
That's right.
Anyway, here's the poll from yesterday.
Which of these do you want to hear no more about?
Paris Hilton, speak of the devil, managed.
She got a talent.
No, or what?
405.
She wins pretty easy.
Brittany and Kevin, 319, a stellar second spot.
And third place with a fairly strong showing.
Neil's buddy, Jacob, who has gone into his vanishing routine again,
and quite frankly, who cares?
Brangelina, 120.
Sports talk, 111.
Well, that did better than we would have thought, you know?
That's what I voted for.
Yes, because we don't do a narrow casting on this show.
We don't have what's his name.
Harvey Pack, well, what's the guy's name?
Who?
Oh, the guy in Houseburg?
Not that guy, the other one.
I don't know.
Is Miguel Lers, he and he went away from the seat.
But I forget his name.
You know the one I'm talking about.
Jericho Street, whatever.
A Brady Quinn 99.
Well, guess what?
If you're going to listen to the show, you'll hear all about Brady Quinn
as much as I want to talk about, because I find him to be a lovely human being.
Oh, man.
Hey, Brady.
See, now we're talking serious.
Irracco 82, politics 67, Christmas 56.
Oh, do I hate this time of the year or what?
Absolutely.
It was strictly for goyam.
I hate this pull 53 in global warming only 34.
That was our pull this time.
Okay, I'm sure that you probably just weren't sending me the faxes from that person every day saying,
oh, man, your show is so, you know what I'm saying?
I'm big into that asking thing.
But right, it's interesting to me this is the South Florida Syndrome.
The one time that you do something that they don't approve of, that they didn't like,
that they thought was bad radio.
Whatever the hell it was, it's like, oh gee, well, you know, they'll certainly find the time.
Even at this busy time of the year, they'll find the time to look at how many votes we got already.
It's 1021, you know, where your children are and we got 1,000 and 3 votes already.
Wow.
I'll tell you one thing, there must be somebody out there in spite of that really bad show I did on Friday.
It sounds like I'm lecturing the audience today.
It's because I am.
Because it's just, you know, it's just that time of the year when they need it.
And all you kids out there, if there are any kids who are like, you know, playing hooky,
are the kids in school yet, are they out already?
Still school.
Oh, well anybody that's playing hooky or just passed a message along to the kids,
I do it every year at this time and have for many, many years.
Your parents lied to you kids, there's no Santa Claus.
Oh, come on.
There's no God.
There's no Jesus.
There's no Santa Claus.
There's not even no Abraham or Solomon.
There wasn't Abraham Solomon though, he was my grandpa.
There wasn't Abraham Solomon.
Oh, you thanks this to me.
Oh, it's already seen how come somebody didn't come in and tell me that this was okay to discuss on the year.
I mean, they told me that was going to happen.
I don't know.
Well, that's what we got going on there.
You know, the thing with the copy yesterday.
I get a piece of copy yesterday for an account that has got no phone number on it.
An account that does all their business by telephone, by the way, and there's no phone number on it.
And then of course, Hank Schmendrich, Guerrero, comes in this morning.
But a beep, but a boop, but a boop.
Oh, brother.
I think the audience should have been like a big fly in the wall.
That's what he gave me.
That's what he told me.
This one did this and this one didn't do that.
Yeah, it's the usual screw up.
Anyway, here's some sad news.
And again, it's just a cost-cutting measure.
I think they want to save the money.
They're going to put some cheap crap on her, I guess.
Yeah, evidently.
Ed Kaplan's light night program, the first sports talk show on WQM 20 years ago, has been discontinued.
And let me just say right now, I haven't seen Eddie in a long time, but he is a great guy.
I like him a lot.
He's a real mensch.
Yes, he is.
And I remember back in the day when the Panthers were still playing an old Miami arena,
which I used to go to every home game, almost never missed a one.
And several times, you know, I'd be going to the game and he'd be waiting on the steps of the arena.
And he would come over, hey Ed, I'm a Neil, I'm Ed Kaplan, whatever my name is.
I'm Ed Kaplan.
I always introduce himself to me like I would know who he was, which I found that to be a little strange.
But I guess he figured, you know, you're a big superstar, Neil.
I'm just Eddie Kaplan.
He's a good guy.
We all like Eddie Kaplan.
Nobody don't like Eddie Kaplan.
Well, now I take that back.
It's off-folder.
I'm sure we'd find plenty of people that don't like whoever it is.
Yeah, right.
Kaplan's final 10 to 2 AM, 10 PM to 2 AM, program, every December 22, I mean, Jolie a few days away.
Kaplan said he was told to move his solely for economic reasons.
He's been offered an opportunity to remain with the station as a fill-in host.
He's still hoping to find something full-time.
He's been in contact with the markets.
Other sports station, seven-eyeder to ticket-waxing.
We wish him only the best, even if he goes across the street.
He's just a good guy.
QM was a golden oldie station when Kaplan wrote this.
Oh, Tom Jicca wrote this.
Not an article about radio by Tom Jicca.
And that, of course, is because Tom has been filling it on Eddie Kaplan show every now and then time to time.
So that's why since Tom is involved in it, he writes about radio.
WQM was a golden oldie station when Kaplan started a program in the fall of 1986,
when the show generated a following.
And I will say this again since I'm being so gay these last couple of weeks.
And it's the holidays.
You're supposed to be jolly and happy and gay.
I have mentioned this before that I did meet Tom Jicca some one time.
He was about 20, early 20.
And that was a very good looking young man, shocking to me.
And I said that before?
Yes.
He was fine looking young man.
Anyway, when the show...
I don't know what that has to do with anything.
But it just goes to show you the kind of things that I remember.
Just like you guys.
You remember those kinds of things, just like I do and we all do.
Those are the kind of things you remember.
But of course, with the 99% of these straight people out there always assume that all you fags,
that's all you want to do is chase somebody down and hop on their body.
What do you say?
So all we say is we're all insincere.
We're just, huh?
So all this great guys want to do?
Yeah.
Well, like I said yesterday, I mentioned that.
I'm not going to be handshitting it.
When the show generated following the station hired the late John Moynihan for earlier in the evening,
creating a sports block that grew into WQM's All-Sports format, I never knew that.
Until right now, I never knew that.
Till this moment, I thought it was a Barzini all along.
I thought it was to tag me all along.
The tag me is a pin.
Yeah, sorry.
I hate that GD Barzini.
Camp LeMuff QAmin 1993 for WINZ at the behest of previous heat owners who wanted a sports program
to erect the heat games when I and Z became the team's fagship station.
He returned to QM in 96.
Here comes the saddest part.
WQM plans to fill Kaplan's spot with syndicated ESPN radio network shows,
which, you know, open up a pot, smoke it, open up a pot, and just to put some syndicated crap on it.
Or, well, that's cheap, you know.
By the way, that means from 10 at night until 5 in the morning, we're going to be putting that on here.
You're close friend Barry Jackson also wrote an article.
Did he really, in the Harold?
Well, I'll be sure and grab that right during the break.
I'll grab right onto it.
26 after 10 at 5.60.
Like I said, let's get these holidays over with already.
Okay, I've got one more major milestone, which I'm sure is going to turn to nothing anyway.
It's just going to be, you know what?
I'm already prepared for that.
I'm not going to discuss it on the air, even if it does happen, it's just one of those things.
There are those people out there who are sincere and are worth, you know, worrying about them.
There are people out there who are like, what are like butterflies, you know what I mean?
To the team.
To the team.
They're evasive and elusive.
Remember that song by Bob Lindy?
Elusive butterfly, but you don't have that.
If you got that, this audience will be swooning, especially if they hear any of it.
It's enough to make me swoon.
Elusive butterfly by Bob Lindy.
No, we can't, I'm going to listen to Paul by the way.
I got it.
Thank you.
No, no.
Oh my God.
The elusive butterfly.
Reach out again.
When you think you got it, I'll have a sudden, what's the way?
Oh, I got it.
It's going again.
Oh, a good talk.
Oh, a good talk.
Okay, that's enough.
Oh, that was a memory of his mansion, and I'm sure you can see why.
Oh, my how he's decided to start a repeat on it.
It's making a comeback.
Oh my God, your breasts are beautiful.
From the creators of House comes yet another medical drama about a man who's arrogant, sarcastic,
demeaning, and the best damn doctor at County General.
He's Dick and D.
It happened to me straight, Dr. Dick.
Am I going to die?
Well, we're all going to die.
Just that you're going to do it a lot sooner than the rest of us.
His methods are unconventional.
His bedside manner, unbelievable.
Well, you can either go on a diet to lose weight or let the maggots do it when you're six feet under.
Either way, you're going to be skinnier.
Dick, I'm doing those.
It's not a doctor's job to make you feel better.
Did Ralph make it through surgery, Dr. Dick?
No.
No.
I can't be.
Enough already.
He made it.
Okay, Ralph made it.
There you feel better.
Jeez.
He told people bad news.
I get all sick.
Look.
Can I see him?
Sure, he's waiting for you in the morning.
No.
Dick and D.
His attitude, like his patients, is sick.
I remember years ago somebody I know told me he was going to be Dr. Dick, but the words weren't necessarily in that order.
1033, 2074, let's take a look at that schedule for today.
Mad Dog, Jim Mandage at two o'clock.
There's only one Jim Mandage.
Let me tell you that.
There may be many Mad Dogs, but there's only one Jim Manwich.
Then the power hour with Hank and the Mad Dog together at four, five to seven.
It's the Humper Solo.
Working off some of those extra pounds.
Come on, burn off some cows.
That was funny.
A panther, peaboo with seven.
Pathers and the Anaheim mighty ducks at the Macarena at 730 tonight.
And then Eddie Kay follows that.
Well, not that many shows left for Eddie Kay and were sad to see him go.
He's a good guy.
Great American and never still afraid to ran.
1036 votes on the poll.
What's going on here, man?
What is going on here, rat man?
What do you really want for Christmas, Hanukkah, Kwanzaa, whatever you're celebrating?
And then somebody faxed this in.
This was a good fax.
It was a good poll suggestion.
Sure, as opposed to the hostile faxable.
For the first time in eight years, I had to turn you off.
Well, you know what? Screw you. How's that?
I give you eight three years of entertainment.
Every day it was a gem. Every day enhanced your life.
I never charged you a penny.
It was free.
But then all of a sudden when something happened that they were, it was bad radio.
Too bad, screw you.
1036 votes.
Now see, I need to butcher up.
That's what I need to do instead of like all of a sudden in my late stages of my life turning into some kind of a wimp and emotional cripple.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
And if I am going to do it, I got news for you.
In that case, it is going to have to be for something tangible and real.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
As opposed to like being the godfather of the universe to people I barely even know.
Now that, you know what I'm saying?
I do.
If you're going to like demean and humiliate yourself, do it for somebody that's really worth it or something that's really worth getting, which is a totally different category.
1036 votes.
What do you really want for the holidays?
World peace, which was lagging badly in the poll early, but suddenly it came rising at the top because these people want us to think that they're really, you know, they're really into one in love and all that.
World peace 157.
To be a Neal's will 148.
And guess what?
What chances there that any of you are going to be in my will?
Pretty slim, 148.
Depending on who's listening.
A three sim with two good looking strangers, 123.
Well, that sounds pretty good.
Yeah, almost voted for that.
I've had that.
Long time ago, it was a matter of...
It weren't exactly strangers, but yeah.
Identical twins.
But anyway, I don't want to go back to that.
Well, I would like to go back to that right now as a matter of fact, I get to tell out of this room.
Which they were over there and were right in the next room in my bed.
Sex with a good looking stranger.
101.
That's what I voted for, but then again, I don't have to wait for the holidays for that, you know?
No involvement.
No, you want to know your name.
Just what do you got?
And let's have a good time.
For a meter retire, meaning them, 98.
We'll get to meet.
There's a few people want me to be there too.
And guess what?
I hate to break the days to you.
No chance.
So I'm going to continue being here just every day just to annotate those people want me to retire every day.
And you know something of the day I do retire.
That's going to be for many of you out there a very sad day.
What are you going to do then?
Yeah, many, many of them.
But anyway, for people to retire, I think George voted for that.
He'd like to retire for the holidays, 98.
You can't afford to do it.
Unfortunately, just a few.
Unless a lot of you bring him a whole bunch of money.
Please.
Or, though, either one.
A new job, 88.
One of Neil's Corvette, 65.
Right.
A threesome with my spouse in a good looking stranger, 50.
A new car, 46.
Like Rod Roddy used to say, a new car!
A new car!
How about an old car?
You know, I just, I don't know.
I do like that show in Bob Barker.
I never did get that article about Bob Barker maybe dying.
Of course, he's only 145.
Maybe that's why he's returning.
It took near death for him to finally hang it up.
Nothing for the holidays, 43.
I guess I should have voted for that.
I don't want none.
For my family not to spend my money, 26.
Too late.
A good machine, mom, 25.
A good machine.
I'm thinking maybe right now, calling up during the next break.
During this coming break call, my cab guy, and going out there
and finding a good machine today.
What do you think?
Okay.
Well, it's easy for me to say.
It's my money that I might be losing my ass.
What do you know about it?
I don't.
But it felt like something you want to do.
So do it.
I said I'm thinking because you know how easy I am.
I'm compulsive.
I've got this obsessive behavior lately.
It's better than I believe in about people.
I don't even know.
I obsess about going to play in the middle of fortune.
Anyway, go do that.
You won't die.
What do you mean by that?
Like I said, if you went out and got some ice cream,
which is the other thing that you threaten.
I'm not going to be doing that.
I'm going to be doing that.
I'm going to be doing that.
189 and point eight or something.
I'm still just hovering under 90.
Yeah.
I'm doing okay.
Even for the holidays because I don't celebrate the holidays.
And I don't drink.
So I can't drink even if I wanted to, which I don't.
But that's the way it is.
Hey, look.
Here's the article from the Sun Sentinel by Tom Jekyll about that cap.
The one I just read on here.
Thank you so much.
I'll get to one by Barry Jackass momentarily or maybe not.
A good machine, mine 25, one a good machine.
A big bag of weed 23.
If you can't bring George Banks full of money, bring him a big bag of weed.
I'll take it.
I'll take it.
I'll pull some of the back yard.
I hate this full 15.
For Neil the retire 14.
Brady Quinn 12, well, you can't have my first dibs.
And a good meal for out of 1046.
Yeah, well, we have a lot of votes under considering it's the holidays and that.
It must be because of those fabulous calls we had yesterday.
And don't worry.
Don't you fret your brow, man.
We'll have lots more of those today.
I mean, good not those, but I mean, probably those.
Tons more calls today and all through the holidays because we're here to like give you a little tickle on the bottom of your foot.
Or maybe on your back, though, wherever.
Wherever you let us stick our finger.
Wait till you hear this speaking of that.
I think this is a good segue.
The founding pastor of a second Colorado church has resigned over gay sex allegations just weeks after the evangelical community was shaken.
By the scandal surrounding mega church leader Ted Hagrid.
Hagrid, a gay marriage opponent admitted to one specified sexual interrelated when he resigned last month as president of the National Association of Evangelicals and pastor of the 14,000-member New Life Church in Colorado Springs.
A male prostitute had said, well, we know about the Hagrid thing.
Here's the update.
On Sunday, Paul Barnes, founding pastor of the 2100-member Grace Chapel in his Denver suburb of Englewood, Colorado, told his evangelical congregation in the videotape message he had had sexual relations with other men.
And he was stepping down.
She is stepping down.
Dave Palmer, associate pastor of Grace Chapel, told the Denver Post that Barnes confessed to him after the church received a call last week.
All right.
The church board of elders accepted Barnes resignation on Thursday on the videotape which the post was allowed to view.
What post is this?
Oh, I don't know whether it's O.C. Edelpost.
Barnes told church members, I've struggled with homosexuality since I was a five-year-old boy.
I can't take the number of nights out of Christ.
Yeah, I don't even I don't understand that.
Five-year-old boy.
What do you know from sexuality when you're a five-year-old?
A sexuality monster and he's struggled with it.
I can't take the number of nights I cried myself to sleep begging God to take this away.
Barnes 54 lead Grace Chapel for 28 years.
He and his wife act to adult children.
Palmer said in the written statement that while we can't condone what he's done, we continue to support and love Paul.
We love him.
We hate the sin.
We love the sinner.
I mean, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
What?
Well, that doesn't say that but that's what they're thinking.
That's what they're trying to tell you.
You know, I crap about that.
Good, Christian love.
That good, hateful love.
And can them say, anybody that thing, all the hypocrites.
Another hypocrite in Colorado.
Which by the way, that's a good place for hypocrites.
That place out there.
Talk about right wing.
Wow.
It's really interesting.
And you get to California finally.
It's like somebody put up a roadblock, you know.
You go out there in New Mexico and the Arizona.
Wow, Arizona.
Real haven for right wing, looney tunis.
And Colorado.
But then you get to California.
It's like all the county pinkos took over out there in all the gay crowd.
19 before 11 at 560 WQM.
Of course, Neil God.
This holiday season Fox brings you the interview that will shock the nation.
How could I possibly have taken all of the toys from the whole girls and boys with one
slid in one tiny dog at the postures?
The bridge.
If I stole Christmas, here how it happened.
Please, I don't even own a sewing machine.
I couldn't make a quick Santa Claus hat in a coat that I wanted to.
I accused a committee that most hangers crime in Christmas history.
The bridge tells his story.
I took the last can of who has.
I don't even like who has.
The bridge.
If I stole Christmas, here's how it happened.
I'll tell you who committed the real crime.
Jim Kelly and Ron Howard.
The demomination of a film completely missed the point.
Only unfox.
It's 14 before 11 at 560 WQM.
It's Tuesday, December 12.
Man, it's a day that will live in infamy.
I'm not really sure why, but it is.
Don't they all?
Yes.
So, a very jackass, right?
Here's his take on the 80k situation.
Demon to QM 560 is canceling Ed Kaplan's late night sports talk show,
which has been a fixture on the suffered airways for the past 20 years.
Kaplan, the first sports talk show, host a hired by a QM,
will do his final program in that time slot.
Uh-oh, we have a conference here.
It says here, December 29th.
Tommy Jim is said, December 22th.
Oh, boy.
You beat me to it, I was going to play.
That, but I wasn't fast enough.
Kaplan's weeknight show, which usually follows live events and runs until 2am,
will be replaced by ESPN radio programming.
QM is given Kaplan the option to main part time as a fill in host,
and his host from 7 to 10 pm on the station has no Marlins, Panthers,
or U of M games.
He's also been offered a baseball show before we can Marlins games.
That's because we don't have no Crow no Moe.
Crow had a little fallen out there.
A little a problem.
So, you see some Marlins coming out.
Drop a problem.
Right.
Anyway, so anyway, Kaplan declined comment, but he hasn't given QM a response yet.
He's going to do whatever's best for him.
Kaplan show was deemed expendable because late night hours don't generate big revenue for radio stations,
and WQM prefers to allocate its resources toward more significant daytime programming.
We picked up ESPN and, like what they do, QM General Mangler, Joe Bell said,
we can you better utilize Ed in prime day parts.
I like Ed a lot and hope he stays, said Joe Bell.
Is that where they have the Abad onions, the attainted EkoIs at Joe Bell,
or is that Joe Bell?
Rahmat Taco Bell.
In the most recent rating book that's attended midnight portion of Kaplan show,
a track of a strong 5.3 share of the audience among main ages 2554,
the key demographic group for sports talk stations,
but the overall audience is small during that time.
See, nighttime radio on South Florida on A.M. especially has gone in the tanks and somebody left it.
Oh, God!
Years ago, am I right that sounds arrogant and need consistency, but what's wrong with that?
It happens to be true, man.
So, you work for it.
Big numbers in there, man, and WS News and INZ.
The big fat juicy numbers, but nevertheless.
A native of white planes in New York and graduated to the University of Michigan Law School,
I never knew that till this moment.
Kaplan gave up a successful law practice in 84 after he attended,
even with complex real estate transactions and construction law cases.
He then nearly died of a ruptured appendix during a Vegas vacation
before returning to South Florida to pursue his new beam and becoming a sportscaster.
Also, I never knew that.
Nope.
Well, at this very jackass, he is really informative, isn't she?
Hey, Barry!
You're Barry!
His first on air gig was at WKAT where he provided boxing analysis on Chris Myers' talk show.
He landed his first full-time job on WGBS-85, a source of a tribute show.
WQM hired him into a late-night talk show in 96, but he took the program to 93.
See, now that's also a mistake.
In 86, he took the program in INZ93 when the heat change flagship stations.
INZ dropped Kaplan 96, but he was hired him a few weeks later.
So, there are so many errors in a story, Barry.
I tend to believe my buddy Tommy Jicke, a little bit more than Barry Jackass.
Anybody that brings steel-below-me sandwiches to work in an old brown bag, I don't know.
Can't trust him.
Kaplan earned listeners early by staying on the air till last West Coast game to her final.
Without Kaplan, the market's only locally-originated late-night sports talk show will be on 790-the-ticket
where host Kaplan Rogers stays on the air until midnight.
Sounds like the wrong Rogers to me.
You know what I'm saying?
Maybe like Mimi Rogers would be okay.
Or Ginger Rogers.
Uh-oh.
Ginger Rogers.
Wow.
Those were the days.
They don't, by the way.
I have a safe-kipped Toronto.
Ginger.
Be safe.
Yeah.
Be safe.
1779 votes on the pool.
There was a guy.
I was going to say good, but he won.
There was a guy.
5, 6, 7, come on.
Let's get this phone smoking out earlier in the show when I wasn't ready for any of these great calls
and the continuation of the fabulous start of the holiday season we had yesterday.
They were smoking, baby, and our course will probably hear the effects of whatever they were smoking.
I'm still telling you, of course, your prejudice.
You won't give me an honest answer, but I think that people that smoke too much of the wacky weed.
I think they tend to be a little on the flaky side, you know.
I couldn't even walk in there.
You're about to answer.
I said, you're wrong about that.
I said, that's not effective.
Well, there are-
Whatever.
Considerate people that smoke and inconsiderate people that smoke.
Oh.
Waste you to the point where you become an inconsiderate person.
Whatever you say.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I've listed last Thursday's show, but I missed the part that everybody was ranting and raving about.
Is there any possibility you could-
Well, what do you mean the part that everybody was ranting and raving about?
What were they ranting and raving about?
Well, I'm not ranting and raving.
I'm just trying to keep you from cutting.
Cut me off.
Just talking about Jacob, whatever it was.
I'm sorry, I missed it.
Yeah, do you know Jacob?
No, of course not.
Well, man, I'll tell you what.
Here's an assignment to keep you busy.
Oh, no, no.
Listen to me.
Maybe you can go through.
No, be rude.
Okay.
I'm not being rude.
I'm just telling you, you can go find him.
Oh, you want me to rehash that whole story again?
No, I just, no, I'm, well, just can't, you play a lot of other good stuff again.
Maybe I don't know.
Have a good day.
YouTube.
Now, that was not a satisfactory call, man.
He is not a happy camper and I'm not going to apologize for it.
Okay, he wants me to rehash that whole thing again.
Listen.
And isn't it interesting that he remembers Jacob by name?
Maybe that's what Jacob's pals out there.
He seems to have a lot of them.
I don't know.
I'm not going to go through all of that again.
I have no regrets that I went through it in the first place only for my own sanity.
I don't enjoy being played by people.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't enjoy being played.
And there are some people who really enjoy if you talk about them on the air and enjoy the limelight.
And it's like, you know, and they're not going to do it again.
Yeah, but listen.
Yeah, I know.
Yeah, I know.
Listen, no, you started that whole thing at 11 o'clock.
It's almost 11 o'clock.
So let's just put on the door.
Let's just play the tape again.
Right.
You would up to 11 o'clock and get the hell out of here.
You can't take up three more hours of fame.
I don't think I have the tools to do that.
Oh, yeah.
See, I know what is in my mind.
Okay.
No, I didn't want to expand on this, but this guy leads me to a choice.
Oh, let him play.
No, no, listen to me.
All right.
And you know this is true because I totally this off the air too.
I would have to be crazy and desperate to go on the air and to be seeking somebody out.
First of all, online, somebody who's a listener of ours, which I don't do with our listeners.
And number two, to be going on the air to try to like us to do somebody or like that.
That was the farthest thing from my mind or whatever.
But there are a segment of people out there because of this, yeah, that factor.
They're never going to believe that because in their mind, every fag is out there like hop on the bones of every young decent looking young guy that you can find and et cetera and so on.
So that must have been my motivation because nobody does anything for purely friendship or altruistic reasons or because they like somebody or whatever.
Then people just don't do that.
That's right.
In a place like South Florida, of course, where people are unfriendly and suspicious and paranoid and act very bizarrely anyway.
So what did I expect? Did I expect somebody to respond in a rational, reasonable, considerate way?
I want to expect that from somebody who's in South Florida.
You should.
OK, and I don't.
WQA M. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, five six seven.
Yeah, okay.
Okay.
KWAN.
Hello.
Bonjour, no, Neil.
Bonjour, no, amigo.
Hello.
You don't say it, Marie Kong.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the horizon and singular wireless line.
That's who got on the user.
Get it right.
WQA M. Hello.
Neil, how are you doing, buddy?
OK, sir.
Greetings from the luxury.
Yeah.
Neil.
Yeah.
He's listening to the radio.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Yes, sir.
He's listening to the voices and his head.
Oh, voices in your head, guy, again, again.
Well, that's out of the ear, sir.
Maybe that was, what's his name?
Maybe that was Ebenezer Scrooge.
By the way, let's see.
Ebenezer Scrooge and a Christmas Carol, which I'm sure they're showing that again this year.
Which I enjoyed.
One with Ella's dress.
Sim.
What was his business partner's name?
What was Scrooge and Marley?
What was Marley's name?
Ah, Cratchett.
No, that was Bob Cratchett.
What was Marley's first name?
Bob.
No.
Look at how Google it.
Google it.
Who will a Christmas Carol?
W-Q-A-M-HELLO.
Oh, not a good one.
W-Q-A-M-HELLO.
Yeah, hopefully a couple goes to another station.
Midnight, you can hear it on the radio because Q-A-M's radio is terrible at midnight.
Yeah, really?
What do you mean midnight?
In the middle of the day, like, right now it ain't that great.
I think it's really sad that I mean, the guys' ratings are pretty bad.
I'm thinking his ratings are pretty bad.
You know, if he doesn't get a lot of callers anymore.
No, his ratings are pretty good.
Yeah, but his ratings are good, so that's the feet-step theory.
And the guy says he likes them.
He hopes you stay.
Yeah, sure.
There's no money at night.
Don't tend to stand.
There's no revenue coming in.
It's a financial thing.
These people want to squeeze every dime they can out of the rest of us, and they don't want
to pay them.
What's the rating they're going to do?
Call them up.
Call them up and fight out.
Scrooge's partner's name.
Yes?
Was Jacob the martin?
I know that.
That's why I said.
Just being cute, OK?
I never knew.
First caller, I wanted to know how you didn't.
I did not.
Well, since you have this Jacob obsession this week.
Oh, yeah.
Oh.
It's just one of those things.
It's just a bad luck, bad timing, bad karma, whatever it is.
It's just a stir of my life.
There are people that, you know, want to deal with your brain.
There are some 88 votes on the poll.
Let's see how that baby's coming so far.
What do you want for the holidays, really?
What do you really want?
World Peace, baby.
Peace on Earth, goodwill, good men, and a good piece of a sum.
World Peace 167.
To be in Neil's will, 156.
A three sum with two good looking strangers, 129.
Sex with a good looking stranger, 108.
For me to retire 89, meaning the, uh, whoever they are, 99.
To retire.
They want to retire for the holidays.
Go ahead.
A new job, 89.
One of Neil's Corvette, 70.
A three sum with my spouse in a good looking stranger, 52.
A new car, 49.
Nothing, 46.
We like those 46 a lot.
They're easy to please.
A big bag of weed, 30.
Big bag of weed, what?
About 30, man.
For my family, not to spend my money, 26.
A good machine, man, 26.
I don't think I'm going there today, you know, I don't think so.
I think I'm going to be sitting around expecting some very important phone calls.
Well, make her to draw the shades and sit there in the dark to make it look funny.
I hate this pole 16.
Well, I'm telling you, yeah, I am such a schmuck down.
It's just, you know, I have no embarrassment factor anyway, because I work on his station.
I'm just an idiot.
Well, you can afford that.
I mean, for a neover retire 14, hold your breath.
Brady Quinn 12 won't give me a little part anyway.
Let me share.
And a good meal for maybe Brady Quinn would make a good meal for the holidays.
Sure would work for me.
A thousand ninety two votes.
How do you like that?
Almost eleven hundred by eleven.
I am deeply impressed and moved and motivated to take and move out of it.
Isn't it Tom Brady's deal the Movado spots?
Sure is.
In fact, there's big billboards even here in this place with Tom Brady's pushed on him from Movado.
I think you have to stick to the wristwatch business because when the football business after some day,
I think he may be on a way out.
But this is the Neural Roger show.
This is your dream.
Are you questioning?
But what?
Just what the heck is Boxing Day?
Pfft..
It's not Tom in the USA.
In Canada they have big sales that day
Why do they call me a boxing game?
What's boxing game?
Do you have an ancient greatest thing?
Give us two weapons from the game
Do you have a Christmas I take to exchange?
But if England giving is still the rage
In Canada they have big sales that day
We're missing out on boxing games
Well look at that nice little kind of CCNM is breathlessly showing us this small plane
This little puddle jumper in the sky having trouble with their landing gear
And he's bringing off fuel and we'll see the emergency landing again
And everybody will go, oh gee we hope he crashes and we have a big fire at center
It's only a little puddle jumper you see it?
Yep that's it
Well yeah it's something you know they've got to find something
We've lost puppies in the kittens in the microwave
1111 votes on the pool we're kicking some big nasty hairy smelly grotesque ass this holiday season and proud of it
You believe it?
Okay sure
33 members of Congress
Sorry I'm distracted facts in you
Very good facts
That's his what?
About what?
Oh let's not ruin it now shall we
Okay
It's a short and sweet and certainly the best facts today
Really?
Yeah
Okay you like it in other words
I do
And you're actually sending it to me that's pretty nice
I am usually you're sadistic
I'm not thinking to people who are sadist you know who like want to inflict punishment and pain life is too short to inflict
I'm not an inflicter you know
33 members of Congress have written a 30 general Alberto Vio 5 Gonzalez demanding that the FBI update lawmakers on the investigation into the anthrax attacks five years ago that paralyzed the nation with bio terror fears
In South Florida photo editor to American media in can bokeh dot October we know about that for crying out loud
Why do we have to go back about that?
The bipartisan letter escalates efforts by Senator Charles Grassley of Iowa and representative Rochhold of New Jersey
To get the FBI to tell lawmakers what it's learned during the five-year case that remains unsolved
The FBI has refused citing concerns about possible leaks
The lawmakers said any leakers of prior information about the anthrax case inside the FBI our Congress should be punished
But that such concerns did not justify keeping information from the lawmakers so they can perform the required oversight of the FBI's performance to case remains unsolved five years later
There's some people who want to know who ate the kishka and there's some people who want to know who sent the anthrax
That's right
Okay anthrax rhymes with facts here's this great facts you were just telling me about
It says if these jackass collars are so despotier about Jacob over and over again
Why don't they just go to the archives?
It's right there on the website you effing morons last Thursday show
I guess I shouldn't expect thinking because these are the same people who still haven't realized you've been screeneless for practically seven years
You're right it's an excellent fact they got their thumb right on it I thank you profusely
Okay if you want to hear that show again and again it was very unusual and hopefully will never happen again
And you know I just an outpouring of as a human being that's all my feelings about the life
And getting stuck into a bunch of crap and it's interesting when I did that show
All of a sudden there was this amazing response of that day and the next following day on my email
Remember that? Yeah
Since then of course it's again going silent because you know me I expect too much
Although you know when people do spend a northern amount of time online
One would expect that maybe they are checking their emails
And if they were sincere legitimate human beings they would respond
But some people don't want to do that they want to continue being the subject of the show
Maybe we should just do that all the rest of the next two years
Oh Jacob radio what do you say?
Oh great I get a lot of work done
I get a hell of a lot of people listening at least all of his buddies anyway
5 6 7 0 5 60 and of course all those my space people on there too
You know I this McGill here you know
What?
You're the one that started that thing was there any conversation and again it's not your fault
You didn't you know you weren't responsible for anything that happened after that but it's your fault
Okay I'll pick the way
That you took like ten years easy off my life with all this stuff
And of course you wouldn't realize that I become an emotional cripple
And why you know you're the one that's picking and choosing whose pictures you put in a lot of position on there
And somebody I would see right there in the front you know all my gosh that's somebody knew it was just you know
Whatever like I knew
What you could ask you should have said you know this punk and I said oh yeah that's my old buddy yeah whatever
Who cares?
You're all this forgiven okay you've got your other you've got life
Yeah
Don't make me QAAM hello
Neil happy Tuesday to you
Back to you sir
Nice to be with you
I must admit I am a self-hating caller
And I love your show and I listen religiously every day you know before I go to work in the light afternoon
And I'm just a little disappointed with the bread and butter calls you know
Yeah
And I think it needs to be checked for your call line
You can translate for me
Yeah he's just being you know he's very clever he probably worked this material up for like about last five years
And you know give him a little hand okay excellent job sir excellent job okay he said something about bread and butter
And what's that bid oh it's uh can't can't take too much butter isn't that it that sounds right
Oh I gotta send him a check by the way
Or he'll be happy to hear that
It's not immediately but
I can't take too much butter
And shoots right out my ass
Alright
And have ring up
Moving to the can
Now my dad takes more than the Canada
I love that I may actually play the whole thing later but I doubt it WQAM hello QAM
Mr. Rodgers
Yes sir Mr. Car
A greeting from the luxuries of the seat
I don't know what happened to you before you called me before and I had you on the air and you like vanished
Of course a lot of people been vanishing lately
I'm going through my computer to call you so that it doesn't bother you
Oh sorry okay no problem
I don't know if you remember me or not I made that bench for you
Yes sir
It was a guy that made me that great bench that I got in my bedroom and at home
Yes thank you so much
Yes sir
And I moved here to to Mississippi
And I need to send you a commission check
I was listening to you I work as a casino as a poker dealer and I've never played slot machines before
Yeah
And I've been listening to you talk about playing the slot for everything so they had this star wars slot machine
And I put 20 bucks in it and hit it last night for $1,500
You know there's a lot of time
50 is still in prison
Yeah first time I've ever played a slot machine in my life
Really?
Yep
Well it's really easy
So I think I need a good machine mine
Let me tell you let me give you a little advice
You know which one is the good machine the one that's paying at the time you sit down at it
That's the good machine
Yeah I guess that would be true
But anyway I just wanted to keep talking with you say hi to you and hope everything's going good for you all
Well congratulations for getting out of South Florida sir
I'm sitting here in Toronto where it's colder and hell and I'm happy as a pig in slop
And you're in Velluxi and boy we're all a better for it
And it did get cold as heck the other night
It's okay no problem
Anyway happy holidays few George and a whole QAM staff there
Have a great life, Bill. Thank you buddy
Oh the guy he put the 20 bucks in the ad a good machine
I thought he was going to say got like 30 grand or something
You know but 1500 that's not bad
I'll take it
You take it yeah
I walked in with how they was it was last
Whatever the hell was there last it would but I walked in
I saturday morning
And the place was damn near empty
Because I go early I like to find you know and there was nobody playing wheel of fortune which is very unusual
But was I turned according to go to where that bank of machines are
To bell on one of the two dollar machines was ringing like crazy
And there's a dark and collected lady sitting there with the machine
And I look and she's got 10 times 10 times silver seven
Then I looked on the glass to see how much she had won
And I thought she won 15 grand because silver seven is like 150
And of course 100 times would be 15 grand
I thought well that's pretty nice
Especially for the holidays
Then somebody later said oh she only played one coin
She only got five grand I mean which isn't bad but that's not good
You like going to the mega bucks machine
And getting the three mega bucks you know and only playing one coin or two coins
And getting like I don't know how much you get like 5600 instead of like 3.2 million
Not a good move you know
Play the maximum amount okay that's my advice to all you slot people out there
Play the maximum don't be trying to out so you're playing against the computer for Christ's sakes
Jesus God don't try to like out smarter. It's like the people play Wheel of Fortune
Well I'm only gonna play one or two because the spin yeah right spin this
Don't see how you got me started I made during this break I have to get on the phone to get my camp guy
Take me up to woodbind this afternoon find me a good machine
You don't need any ice cream on the way
I will not be eating anything on the way it's part of my woodbind diet man it's a special one
I'm a bad but it works like a charm I don't eat there
And believe you me if you ever eat the food you're you'd understand why
Yeah, I can eat for free all I want because I have my players card and I can eat for free in the willows restaurant
I wouldn't wish it if my dogs were still even now in their death I wouldn't wish that food on them
I said you want to be I sure miss my dogs you know
Yeah people you know people they come and go they're good people are bad people are sincere people
In sincere people are with your friends people are just full of crap but dogs man when you got a great dog
I had two great dogs as you know yes I did yeah they were good well they they're dead
They were great they were great they were I mean you know the little one tiny of course and a good guy
I probably call again oh another Christmas will have time
I got something tiny for you pal
Drudge back in
Uh-huh
Absolutely
Welcome
With the Anteris
With the Anteris
One's a pasta and the other and a rice
Both of them with millions and they spend their money on bread
Jillian
Britney and Paris
Britney and Paris
You would think that they would be an embarrassed two birds of a feather
Who cannot keep their legs together
Try try try to separate them
You just can't do it
When it comes to wearing underwear
They just say screw it Britney and Paris
Britney and Paris
Everybody knows these bras are hellish
One's an unfit mother
Don't get me started on the other
Oh
Oh
Of a 19 at 560 WQM Happy Thursday the 12th of December
Man, El Dose de Duce
They do she bad news here a high school in Pennsylvania North of Philadelphia is currently in lockdown after an individual
Reportedly brought a rifle to the school and shot himself
So far in other injuries are reported
The instance taking place in Springfield Township in Montgomery County this is a near Philadelphia
Statement at the school direct districts website says we received a report that a student brought a rifle to the high school
Shots were fired some students like the building
What we know is that an unidentified student shot himself nobody else has been injured
High school students have been moved to the middle school parents of high school students may pick up their children only from middle school cafeteria
Students will remain at the middle school cause of the high school should be directed at the administration building
Parents children at the middle of the well we don't
So there you go that's more more crazy people would gun in America
Baby they love their guns they love their peace
Now what do they guys say that's our Britain butter something like that?
It was an interesting guy obviously cracking out of the stress of the holidays
560 705 60 pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line WQM
WQM right line hello yeah what I say nut line
I tell you what the nut line is coming good for at least it's a predictably you know line
Oh yeah the Robert Greaper line line yeah
WQM hello I put a food up my rectum and please
Well good I hope you enjoyed it WQM hello
I'm your friend
WQM hello
Okay so like some of the same people from yesterday are still and they've been holding on all the way through that's the good part
Talk about loyal and dedicated 5 670 560
Tom 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line
The world is sitting on the edge of their collective seats waiting to see if this audience can keep them low the big mole from yesterday
I don't think so looks pretty slim and grim to me
Don't it as it does looks kind of lean and mean WQM hello
Yes you know this jack daddy's gonna come back and play for the heat
No I don't and guess what what I don't care either
5 670 560 call up on the stupid sports shows and it'll live where you jackass you idiot
Jack daddy when Jack daddy coming back I don't know when big daddy's coming back you shmuck you idiot you simple the man
That's the this is the kind of people at this radio station 20 hours a day cares to people like that
When Jack daddy gonna come back and play with the heat and slam a jam at the ball and like that you know
You can take that Mickey Arena man and you can stick it with a moon no shine
You can take that mayor whatever the hell his name was Pinkist Puccane or whatever his name was
Hey man Mickey Harrison and put him both on a cruise ship and hopefully eat a lot of that
Oh you cool I am peeped their guts out and dump all over each other for about a month would make me happy
But you're crap oops line nine and line one by the way still doesn't work
I thought fix it would have that taken care of by now
I haven't lost it let me QA and hello
Neil how you doing today okay sir
Neil did you see one Williams kind of lost it on Fox News the other day
I don't watch Fox News it's a lot out of my set I won't watch it
I saw it on Crooks and Liars but he kind of told off Rick Hume and Bill Crystal
They sat there looking like someone had dumped coffee over their head
Really yeah but I'm Crooks and Liars you can
Oh I wouldn't if it's from Fox News I wouldn't watch it if he paid me by the frame
I just happened to hear someone mention it on and I saw I went and checked it out it was kind of amusing
Yeah well Crooks and Liars that's another name for Fox News anyway so thanks all my children have a great holiday
Okay you see it I missed it really
Oh 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 motor fare or smoking a man they're smoking in fact
Maybe if you're lucky one of them will come by and bring a big big sack a huge bag
Yeah never been that lucky not even a pound like maybe like a gigantic potato sack
That'd be great when that be good a bail and with your luck of course there'd be probably somebody
Some of the police right behind it I got to play that police took my pie that's right it's Christmasy it is
WQ I am hello WQ I am hello
2 a.m.
Yes sir good morning is it Neil?
Yes sir it sounds like Neil yeah
Neil good morning I heard that you are doing the show from Canada why not doing it from Amsterdam
Because we tried that and didn't work out well technically it was a disaster
Because our engineering staff are a bunch of idiots
In addition to which Canada is a lot more civilized than Amsterdam I can you know I don't mind going there once in a while
And it's just not what it used to be you know
Well it was like turning the clock back about 200 years they're in the story
I'm from Amsterdam so but anyway I hear friends there was a show on Sundays actually early in the morning
I think it's on 6 10 where a guy from the Philippines that the show very successfully
Right
I'm over there even though he was from the United States I'm very happy right here sir
I love Toronto it's a wonderful city that people are great they're friendly they don't play games with it
They're like very polite and it's just a great place
I'm sure they are I'm sure they are just wondering
Okay I'm also pleased
I'm welcome to come to Amsterdam you know
Toad scenes
Toad scenes
Do it
Hi I can see you do it
Get out of here
How do you like that?
You're gonna be a song dance about Amsterdam
You know you need to be there and of course Miguel would like it to and of course Josh Cortes
He's just Jones and for Amsterdam
Sure and you go there once and you say well this is really neat in the Audiota but after you've been there a hundred times like I have an actually having lived there a couple of times
Or trying to live there you know it's just
If you go to other cities and you're up like well I take that back depends on what part of your if it is like
Rome of course is very old and ancient and the way but that's the charm of the city see
I mean you know you don't want to give it all that antiquity otherwise who would have wanted to go there
And see a bunch of plastic modern buildings right you can go to Milano and see that
Okay, but like Berlin is all modern and colon and that's of course because we bond the crap out of those cities and WDW
Toad and I like rebuild all over again that's correct
We bond them into the stone age
Amsterdam they were already in the stone age and it's just I don't know it
It's just the housing in the whole ambiance there it's kind of on the schmutzy side you know
As opposed to like here which is I would say that here is kind of like right in the middle across between the US and Europe
And what's your new? Okay, what I'm saying I did well there you go pleasant and livable and enjoyable
And of course there are some people out there who are very disturbed over the fact that I'm enjoying my life and having a really great time
And a really happy camper except for a few days there when I allowed myself to get to the very and I ain't going to happen again
I ain't going to happen again sweetheart so you know give it your best effort if you want if that's what makes you happy
You and your boyfriends but it ain't going to happen again life has been too fine to me
1169 votes on the poll what do you really want for the holidays world peace 177 to be a Neal's real 160
There was only one person in this audience had a shot at that but you know a three-sem with two good level I would take that back probably
There might be other people in the audience already are in it but who knows if they're listening or not hopefully not
A three-sem with two good looking strangers 138 sex with a good looking stranger 114
All right as in right now sounds good to me for me to retire 105 and for them meaning I see I that's not worded right this poll
Who uh oh it was a listener wrote that yeah see it should say to retire not for me a new job 94 1
A Neal's Corvette 74 fat chance a three-sem with my spouse in a good looking stranger 59 a new car 53 nothing 48 good a big bag
A weed 39 a big huge like one of the suits 20 pound trash bags of weed 39 said that a good machine mine 29 for my family not to spend my money 20
A six I hate this poll only 17 1.4% for Neal to retire 15 Brady Quinn 14 and a good meal 7 and keep your paws off my good close friend Brady Quinn
27 after 11 at 5.60 one thing about me I don't share okay I hate to break the news to you but if I got my hands on something like that I don't share
Sorry
I are of exploding bull Simon Schuster comes the long-rated memoir from Tinseltown's legendary leading lady Tori spelling
When I decided to become an actress I knew I had to go to Hollywood so I mustered up the bravery to call Daddy Schilfer and together we made a 10 minute drive from Beverly Hill
It's Tori spelling out her own story in her autobiography
Butterface getting my first big role wasn't easy I had to ask my daddy not one but why for all you young actors out there remember persistence pays off
From her triumphs to her tragedies it was the darkest period of my life I felt completely and totally lost
But that's what happens when you can't find your way around daddy 119 for mansion Tori spelling even reveals a shocking secret
I've never told anyone this before in 1991 I had a good job
It's all in the pages of Tori's family memoir Butterface in bookstores soon
Oh yeah Butterface was an impediment 27.00.05.60 W.D.Q.A.M. on a fabulous Tuesday and other just something in the air I don't know what it is you know you almost smell it
Smell what?
Wichita Kings is waiting here this is right up your alley Sally
The Wichita man called 9.11 to be port he was a victim of an armed robbery the theft a pound of marijuana worth about 11.00 bucks they've been trying to sell this home
The victim told police Thursday that a buyer had pulled out a sawdoth shotgun and stole his drugs police brought in a drug sniffing dog to the house and located more marijuana and drug paraphernalia
The victim was booked in the Sedgwick County jail on several charges including possession with the intent to sell drugs the thief hasn't been found
The victim was booked into some victim
Well maybe police got his pot maybe that's it I didn't play that yet I keep reminding me would you please maybe if you say it often enough
This is a little mind will recall or maybe not hey listen we got plenty of time and it's only the 12 we got 13 days until X-MUS
Wichita Kings is waiting for the victim to sell drugs
How many Q.A.M. Hello
How many Q.A.M. Hello
Like I said we only got 13 days till Christmas repeated again 5.6.705.60
Pound 5.60 in the Verizon singular wireless line W.Q.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M.
Am I your friend?
Hello
Hello
Q.A.M.
Okay I think we're now to our last call now before we go into my heavy duty of pile of stuff here
Maybe just play all those Christmas duties between now and two sounds good
Or maybe we'll replay that great show from last Thursday again for like the last five hours of it
Since all these people want to rehash and you know it's one thing they're smoking little hash it's nothing to rehash
Although I do like hash browns I can't even know but it likes my hash browns
Yeah I can't eat them anymore either
Why is that?
My stomach
Oh they tear your gut out what's happening with that next year let's get an update and that is okay
That is great okay
It's got my eating the little purple pill right isn't that the little purple pill and I can eat stuff again
Although I don't want to go crazy you know how that goes
Yeah don't be eaten like you know hot tamales don't know like no papi runi pizza
I mean like the meat lover is papi runi
Has done it last night had a nice chicken salad instead you know grilled chicken salad
Oh God boring is right
I know that is really ponderous
Yeah I know
Koma inducing
WQM hello
Hey Neil how are you?
Okay sir
Don't worry I'm not going to give you any trouble
Question I need to ask you
When you're up in Canada do you drive your vet up there?
I don't have any car here I don't need a car I've got a great location I have any car
Oh that's cool
What did you do with your plantation acre plate? Did you sell it already?
No I got it
You still have it out here
Why would I want to sell it?
No I thought you wanted to come up I wasn't aware of that
Okay all right what do you want to buy it?
Looking for a house out there area believe it or not
No I'm not selling my house
That?
No I got a friend who lives there and I like that house and I still got ashes from my dogs around the I'm not selling it
Also I wanted to say
It's a great place to come down there every now and then and meet up with some of my really close friends from the internet
Oh there we go there we go on my space right
Right
I'm also one of the people to say that Matt Sundin is a God
I'm sorry I'm not too sure if you like him or not if you do like him okay
But I was at a Panther's game when they were just recently here a couple of weeks ago
Yeah maybe about a month ago or so and
You mean a month ago when they actually won a game right?
Exactly well and yeah I brought my brother and my nephew down to the game
And I was right up against the ice over on the on the Toronto Maple Leaf side
Right and during the practice I guess Matt saw him and he came over and there was a little hole there
I have the photographers used to take a picture there and he came right over and he gave my nephew a fuck
Well that was really nice
I was really nice the team sucks but he's a good guy and thanks for whatever you just said
Wow that was really special
I would like to corn you in deliverance this corn true especially in it oh yeah
Oh you're not fooling me that thing wasn't filled in an entry that was filled in in Davy I think
Definitely somewhere in South Florida maybe in the sweet water
Naples oh yeah the beeslings were definitely in the beesley clan was definitely in that
I know that Joyce was in there somewhere that bitch
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and the happy holidays all of our best to all of you
Even if first some of you don't return it okay we we understand we're used to it
We're used to the fact that you people live in a festering outdoor swamp
We're even the intelligent people finally become rambling lunatics and are reduced to just
Little like that WQ I am hello
Neil I love the moat shop memories
Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey
WQ I am hello
Hey Jack I want to talk about this one now the spit show
If you're going to talk about short sports let's talk about the Australian rules football
I know I'm going to go to WQ I am hello
I mean Santa's Island
Yes WQ I am hello
Yeah okay good WQ I am hello
The Chinese daughters have my baby be I
Yeah you wish you wish anybody be having your daughter okay
Talk about a fantasy life
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and the Verizon see in other words for somebody to have be having your daughter proud you have to have the equipment
It doesn't work that way you ain't got it how many votes we got 12 oh one look at that they've been close to noon yet
To noon yet and we already got 12 oh one wow wonder how Eduardo noon yet is doing it who he is he's a jockey
I don't know where he's riding nowadays and I really could care less you know which is one of those things
And where just a little trivia somebody might ask you that question and you might win a million dollars from and say gee
That was a good piece of knowledge you might have parted on me or more likely you'll just forget about it
I will that would be the right choice
WQ I am hello Q I M
Neil yes sir
Hey just to rehash on that call I was referring to the bread and butter calls
All those fabulous calls that you will never again unfortunately
Yeah that's what I was referring to
Oh and this is your second call today well that's a bad mistake
Okay in other words it was confusing enough the first time but don't compounded by doing it again
The biggest name so best challenge to this is Neil Rogers
What the pamphor's already when the hell knows the baseball season begin anyway huh?
What Atlantic your dollars are gonna play
You're both automatically
How you made it by the shooters at the GOP
Then the few ladies flopping around like squirrels
Who will be the best?
That is just the old conspruis again
Here's the emergency landing
The truck's over there
About an hour or hour and a half a few laps
So we were under the understanding that he would land in about a minute
So we're gonna watch it very closely
Watch it very closely look to me like they just went in for landing and we're not seeing anything
And we're looking at the trees
Good job there on CNN
What's your craft?
Oh there it is
You know that you have been following this before
I've been following this
That is the old conspruis again
And some real medicine
This is that person
We have some big things
See the way the landing are like all flopping around like they're just hanging loose
You know what I'm saying? Like hanging loose
Speaking of screwing
Speaking of screwing I think it may be coming in for a belly landed
And then those triangle-boosts
With short blue blood
And caught their snuff
And I know it's with a beer
All right
And you still rise
Was that the emergency landing right there?
Oh everybody's fine
It's just fine
They were just when belly flopped in there
And it just came bouncing to a halt
And it says underneath there
Emergency landing
You rise
You rise
Which is appointed by fire
Round back, round back, round back
You can't see, right?
Make your daughter dead
Round back, round back, round back
Makes her fall upon
Don't be swinging pause in that
Some willing cold pattern move
Or what you'll go like it's rigged for bush too
And in a landspile this time
Don't let the fascist the opon's bruise again
Tom, better sit, better sit
Best is that there's an infinite phase
13th of November 560
WQM, I can't believe you didn't send me the facts
I'm sure there must be a whole pile of them from that person
That sent me that hostile facts on Friday
Probably they were in a sour mood
Maybe 70 peed in their cornflakes or something
About the...
It's been listening for eight years
And the first time they've had a turn off
I'm sure that they probably have sent several
Ameliorating faxes today to try to kiss and make up
Not
So there's the bounce that he bounced into plain landing
And it looks like they're fine
How did they do that?
Boy, that landing gear was just flopping around?
Wasn't it?
Yes it was
They could flop, you know, just split on the belly there
They split on their belly
Well, I'm sure they have a lot of practice doing that
56670560, I'm sure many of you have the same
And Palm 560 and leave a rising and singular wireless line
WQM, hello
Tom!
WQM, hello
Neil God
Yes sir, speaking
Neil, I was just wondering are he still microwaving the ice cream up there in Canada
Yeah, I'm still nuking it, yeah
That's great, could you... could I have a request?
After that material you want to request, what's that sir?
What is it going to be?
I'm going to be earned it
It tastes like a penny to me
Yeah, yeah, right, fanchants man, fanchants
I bet it does, two as matter of fact
Look, you know, that's a long song we could pack everything up while it's playing and you got the hell out of here
Yeah, and probably what have to as matter of fact
Oh, look at that, I got so excited about it, I knocked it out of the audition line
And I'll record two lines
Oh, there it is
That's the much easier you're going to hear that
5670560, pound 560 and they've arrived in Singapore
You're still nuking the ice cream up there again
Man, you know something, it's enough to make you want to sit down and just put your head in your hands and cry
And then you know what happens?
What happens?
Payday
And it changes your whole altitude
WQM, hello
Neil, wondering if you were able to catch the last episode of Rectum Records or Aino Intruders?
Yeah
Right up here, Ali, WQM, hello
Neil, yes sir
I have a request
Yes
Please, mumbling OJ sounds like Shannon Sharp, isn't it?
Yeah
Is that a request or a question or statement?
Both
Oh, how about...
Oh, man, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it
I was so much of a guy who was like, what is it, what is it, what is it, what is it, what is it?
I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I
was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was
so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so
close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close
I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I was so close, I
got so much, so I got a piece of my hand, please, please, I'm touching those, I don't succeed, but someone who is improving me, oh it's nothing, no need for me getting one thing, oh let's play a bit, I'm unhappy, hey,
what we come from the broken heart, who have loved us and now we part, what we come from the broken heart, who have loved us and now we part, what we come from the broken heart, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part, and now we part
and now we part, and now we part, we part but we have a moment behind, and now when we part, we part, and the moment we guard, and we part, we are all citizens, and all we part wars and we stand, shaving and and then we participate, when we support each other,
No one's out to find some kind of peace of mind
I'll be searching everywhere
Just no one's out to find who cares
What be charge of the floor
What be charge of the floor
Who cares of the floor
Who cares of the floor
There are really neat things about watching that in movies
That guy that's conducting the orchestra
I don't know what that's all about
He's not in any of the other songs
I don't know
He just didn't have anything else to do
And he figured, well, I'm going to pretend I'm conducting it
And it actually looked like they're looking at him
And paying attention to him, which is most amazing
I always wondered about that whole thing about conductors, you know, orchestras, and people that are the musicians
That they really paying any attention to
Yeah, I think they are
They have to
Why do you mean they have to?
How about you know about it?
I use some kind of a, what instrument do you play?
Don't ask me which one I play, alright?
Never mind
I took lessons, I was in the orchestra there, and it sucked, and I hated it, and I quit
And it was a kid that made me take violin lessons
Oh, I did the whole thing
It made me take piano, it made me take trumpet, and it was horrible
trumpet, yeah
Not quite exactly like the trombone, but if you play it, as far as I'm waiting for
Well, she's great, that's a Joana's born
And again, let me say it again for those serious people
If they really have some taste and enjoy something with some schmaltz to it
Standing in the shadows of Motown, that one, some kind of an award, isn't it?
Want a Grammy?
Or something?
Okay
For the best documentary, I'm sure it did in 2002, I'm positive it did
Thanks for the end of the shows for sending me that originally
I never would have seen it
I watched that movie probably
About 30 man times
And each time I watched it, I just enjoyed it
I loved her, and I loved Ben Harper, and I loved all the musicians
And the Gantza Mischbach, the whole thing
And the scenes of Detroit, and the Detroit used to be a great city about like 600 years ago
So, the biggest thing is that he's missing now
And this is Neil Rogers
This is pretty quick, whenever I shape my balls
I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-4-1-hour
Hey!
Well, he's got the guts
But that's all right with me
Because it was great with Ben a choir
Oi!
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas
While they're smoking all of my blood
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas
While they're smoking all of my blood
Police got my blood
Police got my blood
Police got my blood
They got this cated all I got
Police got my blood
Police got my blood
Police got my blood
They busted me in a parking lot
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas
While they're smoking all of my blood
Bravo to Merry Christmas
Happy out to Nuka, happy Kawanza
Happy Atheist, we don't care about any of this crap day
All that other stuff
Two to December 12 already
Are two already
In fact George is going to be on vacation next week
I'll be on vacation the week following that
Right
And man I got some pretty heavy duty plans there
We'll let me tell you right now
You believe me?
No
Beginning next month all air travelers from the US
Mexico, Canada and other western hemisphere countries
Must have valid past ports
When I'll pass a port to enter the US
A departure from a longstanding rule
That allowed drivers licenses or birth certificates
As valid forms of IDA
The impending enforcement of the new regulation
Which officially begins January 22
Prompted the travel industry association
And granted a launch a new website
Get a passport now.com
They launched that yesterday
It's designed to simplify information about the passport application process
I have no idea where anybody who is too stupid
But to be able to get the
You can download the application right offline
And it's you know you go get your picture made
And you send a check and that's it
I mean it's very only lazy people
Don't get passports
We don't want anyone to be surprised by the new requirements
And TI, a president, Roger Dow
No one's vacation or business trip should be ruined
Because they didn't know they needed a passport
With a passport though
All air travelers from the US, Mexico, Canada,
Other western hemisphere countries got it
Like Paraguay, Peru, Bolivia, Argentina, Chile, etc
All of these countries
For Orlando the rule which eventually will affect crews and line travelers as well
In fact many of its visitors
In 2005 more than 600,000 Canadians visit that area by air or car
Figures are not available for visitors from Mexico
Orlando more than 600,000 Canadians
Totally moly rat man
What thought they going air for? I guess must be Mickey Mouse, huh?
We better play that Eisner bit
The rule aimed at closing a security loop
Pull as part of the western hemisphere travel initiative mandated by Congress
Isn't expected to have a major impact on airline bookings
TI and vice president Rick Webster said
I wonder if he's keen to bend to the Webster or Mark Webster
Or any other harness racing Websters
Many airlines have spent much of the past year trying to get the word out to customers
Delta for example recently been flying directly from Orlando to Mexico City
Delta spokeswoman Gina Locklin said the airline has promoted the upcoming passport requirement
On its website during the whole music of messages on its phone lines
And directly to its frequent flyer sky miles members
There is reason for concern among tourism operators, however
As they were acting the same passport rule for cruise and line travelers moves closer
Earlier this year the deadline for cruise and line travel was extended from January to 2009
But officials said Monday the rule will likely be enacted sometime in 2008
In the US just plenty, oh see I got it given a little more credit
I always got wrong information
I thought it was like 10 or 20 percent
27 percent of the population in the US estimate and have valid passport
And Canada the figure is 40 percent, a lot higher
Still large majority of the population doesn't have passport still said
Well if only 27 percent of the US have got passports and 40 percent in Canada
Obviously a large majority don't have you idiot you jackass, you goofball
Starting January 23rd travelers including US citizens returning to the US by air from throughout the western hemisphere
Will be required to have passports when I pass up port, I man, squeeze it, fumble it
This new requirement includes Americans, Canadians, others who have previously been exempt from having to carry a passport
Do I know where we are going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to
So, I post somebody says, hey guess what? We'd like to take you along to Paris or to Amsterdam like they got it called early and over to the Dutch guy.
If you don't have a passport man, you're screwed, you lose, you snooze, you lose, so go on a cruise and puk your gussah.
As far as I'm concerned, anybody too lazy to get a passport deserves to go on one of those stupid cruise ships and get really sick and puking have wild diarrhea for days and days and days.
WQA and hello.
Yes sir.
I'm at Project Runghouse.
No good. Have a good time. Have a good time. WQA and hello. Birds of a feather.
Like I said, birds of a feather. WQA and hello. Why is this thing not changing?
Hello. Yes sir.
Yeah I just want to speak to Neil about this passport issue.
Yeah I'm here speaking to him.
Oh, oh good. Well then, why don't we just stop advertising about the passport and when these people come back?
Without them, we, they're so stupid. Just not allowed them back in the country. It's all a lot of problems, isn't it?
Hmm. There's a guy who I think he knew what he was talking about. Stupid people.
Sounded to me like he had some expertise in that area in Ormstein.
Mm-hmm.
WQA and hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I have a question for you.
Yes.
Do you shoot here at Private Plights?
No. WQA and hello.
Chris, this time it's time for cheer.
Time for weed and time for beer.
Neil George, McGell and John.
I don't even see anything.
We didn't. There's not even an arrow on this thing.
Now I think this box is to broken. Something's going on with it.
Maybe. Look at that. Let me punch this one and see if there's like even an arrow.
Now. Now I love the arrows coming up on that line.
This thing is doing some strange stuff. QA and hello.
Yes sir. How are you, Nate?
OK sir.
Kyle Brady.
Kyle Brady. Brady Bunch. You just want to find him all. Don't shut me too.
It's really happy new year.
Oh boy.
Yeah. I took care of him.
Very sad. But now that see there's a blessing that we had that we had forgotten about.
We've been a little quite a while.
Long time at least for me anyway.
Maybe you had some success with him this summer during your access to summer.
No, he saves all his love for you.
Does he really?
Yeah.
Good buddy. Well guess what?
I'm going to go to the next time and it won't the next time either.
Crazy man. Crazy man. I'll never forget that day of packs and I'm driving out of there.
I'm going home after one of these innovating shows.
And somebody comes, you know how we had to drive out and make that left there.
And somebody's coming through going into that parking lot.
And as he pulls up alongside of me, I'm waiting for the traffic clear.
He rolls down his window.
Hi, it's Woody.
And you know what I thought?
Oh, I would have parked.
Oh, I didn't have my peace with me.
I don't know if I would have.
Something to think about.
Wow.
Wow, to me, like the two of them are glued together like they're on each other.
Oh, they're inside each other.
I believe that.
Literally.
Wow. They're all over the board. They're everywhere.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I need some advice.
Yeah, but you do. It sounds like it.
Yeah, listen, I stopped taking my blood sugar.
Why is that?
Well, because you saw a sign like you were crazy first.
Now you diabetic?
Well, I'm somewhat diabetic.
Yeah, that's like being somewhat pregnant.
Okay, are you diabetic or not?
Don't give me this verbal, you know, BS.
Are you diabetic?
I'm averaging about 150.
Well, you're diabetic.
And why did you stop taking your blood sugar?
Because I eat what I want to eat anyways.
Okay, well, listen, in that case, we'll bring you some flowers.
Okay, David, those are panes here.
Which would you prefer?
And he's going to die, I bet.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's just...
Although we do know somebody, I don't want to mention any names, but...
We know some people are diabetic, we don't take their blood sugar,
but just don't seem to care, you know?
And, you know, you know, I was thinking about the other day about our old friend Bill Cosford.
Was he ever on the show when you were doing it?
I've never met him in person. I think he's been on the phone though.
Well, why do you say it like that? Like he's still alive.
I know he's not alive.
Oh, just the way he said it.
When he was, I think I spoke to him on the phone.
Oh.
But that's about...
He was a great guy. Bill Cosford.
He wrote a lot of great glowing articles about me, and Kissy Kissy Kissy just loved me.
And the show on the hand was against me, and I was talking about movie reviews,
or whatever I was talking about.
And then he was diabetic and didn't take care of himself, and he died.
You know, he's dead.
And it seems to me, you know, was I...
Was that right about sunny, sunny Hirsch also?
Did he have diabetes?
It would seem to me.
He was a tummy guy.
What have made sense?
Yeah.
And died.
Very young age, too.
I don't remember how old sunny was when he died, but...
Good people, man, and other dead, because they didn't take care of themselves.
They won't listen to this old queen, but then again, they have a lot of company.
They'll have to say,
What could I possibly know about it?
And to be pleased, and I have my sugar under very good control lately,
not prior to the last couple of weeks, but the last couple of weeks I finally got it right back around,
along with the rest of my life, man.
I don't... that sounded to me to you today, for me and you.
Yeah.
Finally, I'm scrambling my brain and getting my life back.
Whatever that means.
Do you have any idea what that means?
Neither do I.
Just make it up.
I am.
But it kills some really good time, and then, there's always that low time, man.
How much does that have to play the whole time?
Yeah, I have that.
Play some low.
Tell us some low.
How about some low?
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
Here, we have to play, I have one day, we play all the low bits, every single one of them.
The ones we can still play, of course.
Right.
And I think that, oronday, one, I'm not too sure that's going to be good to come back anytime soon.
On the last show.
Yeah, there you go.
Let's save up all the good ones.
The holidays are right around the corner.
Under their hair, baby, we're in the middle of it.
For over 20 years, Miguel and Cesar at Miami Lakes Jewelers have been offering beautifully
handcrafted, one of a kind designer jewelry, writing instruments and precision timepieces.
When you're looking for a really sensational gift during this holiday season, make a statement
with something special from Miami Lakes Jewelers.
At Miami Lakes Jewelers, you'll find a tag in jewelry from Marco Pachego and Damiani,
designer jewelry from Kathy Ireland, Philippe Cherry, Leslie Green, and one of a kind designs
from Elizabeth Taylor's House of Taylor Jewelry.
And, Miami Lakes Jewelers features one of the largest collections of brightening timepieces
anywhere, including the Brightling For Bentley collection.
Brightling's been creating precision timepieces since way back, even before I was born, 1884.
And I had the ideal timepiece for you, too.
So visit Miami Lakes Jewelers at 6755 Main Street, Miami Lakes, exit Northwest 67th Ave
off the Palmetto, call them at 305-3626-446.
305-3626-446-446-44, Miami Lakes Jewelers.
The biggest name, so best talent, if this is real Rodgers.
I f**k them out of them.
All right.
Brown Brothers, you got to do the math.
Brown Brothers, the most of in your mouth.
See this in your head in the wildest, wildest, and on the cruise, now you give them a chance.
No, if you blow, you can hit all right.
Try not to feel the weight, you gotta stop light.
Brown Brothers, sometimes a kid in Rome.
Brown Brothers, is better than you though.
I said, I, I, I, you.
They're movers, they're movers, got to go.
I said, I, I, I, you.
Stand by for the doughnut, blow.
I said, I, I, I, you.
It had its moments, I said that.
I didn't hear too many of them, but in Hans Momas, 1218 at 560 WKM, from 170 votes on the pole.
Even George, he won't admit it, but he's amazed and impressed.
Not.
What an embarrassed...
Oh, sorry, crung button.
What were you gonna play?
Oh, impressive.
Oh, you know.
What were you, what do you really want for the holidays?
Christmas, Hanukkah, Kwanza, all this crap.
And boy, it is crap.
From 178 votes, world peace 197.
To be a Neils will 172.
Ride.
A three sim with two good looking strangers, 153.
Sex with a good looking stranger, 124.
For, uh, to retire, see, I, I thought we were gonna change that,
but then Eric would have to do that, and he's probably like eating several of the lonely sandwiches right now.
To retire, 111.
A new job, 97.
One in the Eelscore of Fats, 79.
A three sim with my spouse and a good looking stranger, 61.
A big bag of weed, 56.
Nothing 54, a new car, 54.
For my family not to spend my money, 31.
A good machine.
About 30, man.
30 people looking for a good machine.
I had a good machine the other day and walked away from it and boy, that pissed me off.
I hate this pull 20.
For Neil to retire, 17.
Brady Quinn, 15, and a good meal, 7.
Keep your paws off Brady Quinn, the mighty Quinn.
The mighty Quinn.
The mighty Quinn.
567, right, a roll with the air.
I got quite a pile here.
I better mention this though.
Pull our little Dennis.
You know you're an end-jored.
He knows what I'm talking about.
The little people are the ones nobody takes seriously.
That's right.
Gotta stand on phone books.
Gotta jump up the ground.
Yeah, no, nobody takes the little guy seriously.
I mean Dennis Cassinich is...
Oh, he's a little gyek, kind of funny looking.
Oh, it's speaking of that.
I got a story about Fargo.
What did I do with that?
It's weighed down.
I haven't made too much progress with my pull here.
Now you didn't even get to Nicole Richie, which hopefully I won't.
I mean, who in hell cares about that?
Oh, before I even do Dennis Cassinich, wait till you hear this.
The Atkins Diet is protected by the first amendment against the claims of a 53-year-old Florida
man who said the low carbohydrate meal plan was dangerous and a blame for his heart troubles
with federal judge roll yesterday.
US District Judge Denny Chin made the findings he tossed the lawsuit in which Jody Goran
of Delray Beach claimed his cholesterol level shot up from 146 months before he began
the diet to 230 leading to chest pain and an angioplasty treatment.
The judge said a book about the diet was not a, first of all, 230 is not a dangerous cholesterol
level, okay?
The judge said a book about the diet was not an ant for products, but rather was a guy
leading a controlled carbohydrate lifestyle.
In his lawsuit, Goran sought unspecified damages, accusing Atkins and Trishel's Inc. and
Paul D. Wolf coexicuted of the estate of Dr. Robert Atkins of product liability, negligent
misrepresentation and deceptive conduct.
You know, now that I read this, I'm reading about the estate of Dr. Bob.
Remember, we did that thing at the, um, saw grass at the books of millions?
If I would have been thinking back then, because he really liked me a lot.
He personally autographed one of the books and we sold it and we sent it under his books
that day and he was on the show, etc. and so on.
I should have said, hey, Dr. Bob, how about leaving me in your will?
Boy, am I a schmuck or what, huh?
Wouldn't that have been good?
Yeah, what a bad.
He deserved it.
He must have left millions, old Dr. Bob.
Must have?
Well, that's a pretty sorry and sad state of affairs if you asked me for what I know.
Maybe his wife would like to, you know, is a way of showing her appreciation for all I did.
You think?
Right on.
Democratic, getting back to the little people, Democratic representative Dennis Kassinich,
who once successfully ran for president in 2004, no kidding, said yesterday he's planning
another bid because his party isn't pushing hard enough to end the war in Iraq and he's
right on, he was right on, then he's right on now and nobody takes him serious because
he's a little teeny guy and he's got a bad hair piece.
Nobody takes people with bad hair pieces seriously.
No, they did not.
In a statement, Kassinich said he plans to formally announce his candidacy today at Cleveland
City Hall where he served as mayor of his hometown for the 70s.
In the 70s.
That's why I went over the hell it was.
The liberal anti-war Ohio congressman said he was inspired to run because he disagrees
with the way some of his fellow Democrats are handling the war, including approval of
a proposal to spend $160 million more on a conflict.
Democrats were swept into power November 7th because of widespread voter discontent with
the war in Iraq state Kassinich 60 instead of heating those concerns and responding with
a strong immediate change in policies and direction the Democratic congressional leadership
seems inclined to continue funding the perpetuation of this lunacy, this madness, this butcher,
this bloodbath.
The anti-war message was also the cornerstone of Kassinich's 2004 bid which drew support
from some Hollywood celebrities.
His previous presidential proposal is also included a national peace department and a single
pair of universal health care system.
In 2004 Kassinich posted single digits in most primary elections including his home state
of Ohio and he stayed in the race.
He says all the right things he makes a lot of sense but he's a little guy with a bad
here piece and everybody looks at him and says boy he's a lot of sense and who we really
get a vote for though, you know like that.
Am I right?
Right.
I vote for him in a heartbeat.
I vote for him right now.
If we open up the polls you'll see I'll race to it to get there first.
No chance then, no chance in your pants.
56670560.560 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
WDQAM, hello.
Hi Jason.
WDQAM, hello.
Hello.
Okay like I said it's always so much easier but they are really whipped up into a frenzy.
I think you're right they're inside each other.
I think somebody got the crazy glue to those two.
Andy.
They're naturally sticky.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Jim.
Yes sir.
I got a little information for you.
Yeah.
I'm an idiot.
Oh, spam for lunch.
Okay.
Oh, we haven't played that in a long time.
No, we have not.
Wow.
So this guy may think he's an idiot but quite frankly compared to what preceded him as
well.
Oh yeah.
The curve has been changed.
Yeah, that's right.
I don't see a spam for lunch.
Now how is that possible unless it's just, oh, oh there it is.
Oh, spam for lunch.
It's just spam.
Oh.
Guys, where do you see two tabs?
Oh.
Oh.
That's included.
Oh.
You really burst.
You all drive like turt.
Drive up more than gives us a break.
We have perfect supply and light.
Oh, you can't hide.
We've had all we could take.
Oh.
Our journey.
This Australian crew is woke up where we are from.
So far, we've been small and we've been small.
We've been small and we've been small.
All right. See that guy said he was an idiot and yet he made one of the best requests.
I wouldn't have played that in a moose's age to be very honest with him.
Right. We forgot all about it.
26 past noon at 560 W.
We got the mad ball coming up at 2 o'clock and then don't forget tonight after the Humphre.
We got Panther PV with 7 to Panther's host, the Anaheim Lighty Ducks,
at the Macarena 7th of May.
From the party.
Very important? No mighty.
Just Ducks.
Oh, that's right. It says you're right.
Even Miguel knows that and I'm sitting here reading it.
See that's how easy I am because Clarence is a moron and he wrote it.
They're not the mighty Ducks anymore, Clarence.
You civil and they're just the Anaheim Ducks.
What a schmuck.
Rhymes with Duck and Clarence you suck.
Holy Makinon! This is Joe Boyle on the Voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs
and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal God!
He was the Debut of someone's nephew.
He's been out all night and he looked like he had more than a few.
Because everything he said was just a total freak in that.
And he tried to play it all by saying it was dress design for play.
Because that's what happened when you drank this red.
You just didn't see anything.
You just didn't see anything.
You just didn't see anything.
You just didn't see anything.
You just didn't know why you stole.
You just didn't see anything.
You just didn't see anything.
You just didn't see anything.
You just didn't see anything.
You just didn't see anything.
You just didn't see anything.
You just didn't see anything.
You just didn't see anything.
You just didn't see anything.
And he looked like he had more than a few.
Drinkin' lemon, gelow, with drugs, looking young, still dark.
Wonder if he passed out of the Central Park,
Red Long Drone C.B.
He didn't miss when he was on taxi.
You just didn't see anything.
You just didn't see anything.
You just didn't see anything.
And he looked like he had more.
Like a wild horse, and rolled one half out of the damage of the old.
You know, the guy you rings...
The driver would like to figure out what to do with our country and our women and men in the military.
wedding has been our party more For tonight wich is you to see
the N. Dre  09
For today we're going to see the ministers
He's a story of a line of drums, you just be Danny Danny.
He must have felt like a ghost, you just be Danny Danny.
Back to line of the eighth note.
Like a wild-hawks kid, a road, one after the Danny, third and the road.
Yeah, I think that's what happened to him.
Not only to a man, he said all the right things.
I think that his performance there, at least,
the clips that I saw were sensational,
what do you say?
Absolutely.
Nice going, Danny.
See, there's a little guy, sure a little guy.
Maybe misunderstood, but he's about the balls to tell like it is.
That's right.
Some people just don't have any balls.
1317 votes on the poll.
That is really spectacular.
What do you really want for this holiday season?
World Peace 204.
That sounds like so what a beautiful thing that is, isn't it?
That lovely.
Yeah, right.
World Peace 204, to be in Neil's will, 177.
Well, who the hell wouldn't?
A freezing with two good-looking strangers, 155.
Sex with a good-looking stranger, 126.
So many strangers out there, you know?
The little type.
To retire.
Thanks for changing that air.
Good work.
To retire, 113.
A new job, 99.
One of Neil's Corvette's 82.
For a little mileage, by the way.
A threesome with my spouse in a good-looking stranger, 61.
A big bag of weed, 60.
A new car, 56.
Nothing, 54.
For my family not to spend my money, 31.
A good machine-man is still stuck on.
Third man.
Yeah.
I hit this poll 20.
For Neil, the retire, 17.
Brady Quinn, 650, and a good-meal, 7.
Over 1300 votes.
And this is like the twelfth of December already, just 13 days away from my ex-must-day.
W-D-Q-Y-M, hello?
Q-A-M.
What the hell was that cat there?
What people at least put on that?
Cat Kelly.
W-D-Q-Y-Q-A-M, hello.
Do you enjoy playing the tromboner?
And our last call, I think this could set us into a long bunch of people.
Bunch of people.
Oh, brother.
Like I said, what are we going to do with those two?
Today, maybe like we're suggesting earlier, sounds like a really good idea.
Al Gore is waging a fierce campaign for recognition and Oscar statue wait for his global warming
statue.
What did I say, statue wait?
For his global warming documentary while receiving talk that he's pursuing a bigger
prize, the presidency.
His recent act in a very has been the ultimate and high profile.
The former vice president made self-deprecating jokes on the tonight show with Jay Leno, offered
ideas and preserving the environment to Oprah Winfrey, at her daytime audience, and
parried questions on a rack from Matt Lauer to the VD show.
This Saturday, Gore is hosting a network of 1,600 house parties across the country to
watch and discuss his documentary and inconvenient truth with the Democrat plane to address the
gatherings by satellite hookup.
The movie is on the short list of feature-like documentaries being considered for Oscar nominations.
Chris crossing the country to promote the DVD version of the movie, just in time for the
holiday gift-giving, Gore insists that he's not planning return to politics.
That means he is.
He insisted.
That means he is.
I'm not planning to run for president again, Gore said last week arguing that his focus
is raising public awareness about global warming and its narrow effects, then he had, and
I haven't completely ruled it out.
Those words may grow the 800-pound non-candidate of the Democratic field.
The possibility of another presidential bid to like-smate Democrats still steamed over
the disputed 2000 election in which they argue a few more votes, a state other than a
Florida and a different Supreme Court could have put Gore not bush in the White House.
Oh, just imagine how many more people would still be alive today.
Just stop and think about it.
If you think about nothing else, just stop and think about all the thousands and thousands
of innocent people who would still be alive today.
Not to mention, of course, the billions and trillions of dollars that are being flushed
down the turret which will be madness this lunacy.
It's worth it.
LA judge sides with Berat against the Frank boys.
Let me tell you, the Frank boys always be suspicious of people with that kind of mentality,
you know what I'm saying?
As the esteemed Kazak television journalist Berat, what is it, Saddam?
Might say, high five, sexy time you lose.
That's what he might say.
I see.
Two college fraternity buddies shown guzzling alcohol and making racist remarks in the
Varat movie have lost their bit for a court order to cut the scene they claim has turned
us to reputation's court papers revealed yesterday.
The students who the movie distributed in producers last month saying filmmakers had
duplicated what's appearing in Varat by getting them drunk and falsely promising the film
would never be shown in the US.
At the time the suit was filed, a judge denied the prayers request for a temporary restraining
order that would remove footage of them from the film, but the plaintiffs were given
another chance to seek an injunction in the hearing last week.
The South Carolina colored students lost again when L.A. Superior Court Judge Joseph Vitamon
ruled they had failed to show a reasonable probability of success on the merits of their
case or that money damages will be insufficient to resolve their claims.
Arguments on the latest motion focused mainly on the future DVD release of the hit movie Borat
Cultural Well We Know The Movie.
The fake documentary distributed by 20th Century Foxes already grossed more than 120 million
at the North American box office after just six weeks in theaters.
How do you like that?
Pretty heavy doodie, huh?
It's funny.
Nice.
How are you ever going to send that here or not?
I told you.
It told me what?
It's not really out yet.
It's only in theaters.
I'm not talking about the movie.
I'm talking about the drop in you.
Oh, we don't have it.
We only have those ones in the tunnel.
That's okay.
It's better in nothing.
Okay.
I'll take a little something.
It's better in nothing.
1312 votes on the poll.
567.
Now are we going to get anything else at all besides the two Lumi tunes or inside of each
other?
They're more than two now.
They've started a club.
Oh, yeah.
Fat retarded Faggot's club and they found more.
I see.
567.
Well, let's just see if we do or not.
Between two or club.
Oh, yeah.
Now we're in 22 minutes to kill so you never know.
And then there's always.
Motown.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
As always that.
567.
0560.
Pond 560.
Leverized in Singular wireless line.
WQAM.
Wow.
QAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Oh, man.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And to top it off, this thing won't just be doing nothing.
This box is like, look at that.
I'm trying to drop it.
Like in the box.
And it won't drop.
Not very to finally after about the quarter.
And guess what else?
The dots just all went out.
I think you're having some problems on that end as usual.
Probably.
No, they're fine.
No, they're not fine here.
You may say they're fine, but they're not fine here.
Oh, they just came back.
Maybe your machine just had like a little fart.
Maybe that's fine.
Maybe you have a bad machine, man.
WQAM.
Hello.
Neil, good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
How about once for the full of threesome with my wife's sister and my wife's best friend?
No, okay.
What if your wife says that?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Wow.
How about several combinations of the above?
How's that sound?
Yeah.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hi, drone.
Hi, Jason.
Hi.
Oh, man.
You were sure right.
You're fair.
Wow.
Woo.
Heavy duty queens, baby.
5, 6, 7, but you know something I can handle it.
I can handle anything.
I've got a resurgence as a human being this last 24 hours.
You know what?
You don't believe me doing it.
Yeah, I believe you'll see.
You'll see I'm making an emotional mental and emotional comeback.
Good.
Fool me once, shame on us, and fool you twice and up you.
The biggest name.
So best talent.
This is Neil Rogers.
Spread them and say cheese.
Everybody loves Dr. Ciss's classic tale about the Grinch.
But what about the chosen people?
Don't they deserve their own holiday special too?
NBC thinks so.
Turn in tonight for How the Grinch, Stohanaka.
The who's called a rabbi who wore shiny loafers to bless the most beast and ensure it was
motion.
How the Grinch, Stohanaka.
Finally, a version of the holiday classic that knows from Hanaka.
Here is not best Cindy Lou.
As she slept in her cradle and snatched up her oil based on the brutal draital.
How the Grinch, Stohanaka.
Joel Siegel raves.
For this you shouldn't stay home.
Enjoy.
What?
You got something better to do.
It came without luckers.
It came without horrors.
It came without stars, Bengal, Newbie, Manoris.
How the Grinch, Stohanaka.
It's eight days of fun packed into one great half hour.
And the who's asked the Grinch and he said, Without fail, I can get you all Hanaka.
And I can get it all sailed.
How the Grinch, Stohanaka.
Tonight on NBC, Oi, every show should be this good.
I'm not a fan of the show.
I'm not a fan of the show.
I'm not a fan of the show.
I'm not a fan of the show.
Just like mine,
But I know I'velr
Whatulated cheers like millions so
You're moving through the city with my life you see
Because you'll be dead but to me
You're gonna show who's me, don't you know
That you're the star of the cross
Not your love, hurt you to play spot
Not much is wrong, but you'll be fine
And hurt you to play spot
And I'm just about to lose my mind
On the other hand
With my thoughts on the bottom of my head
But they were happy what you see
They're not happy what you see
But I can't help but think of you
If that's your truth, why don't you tell me too
Who you think is a living world
You're more than other guy you love
And more, that's what I've heard
To the best by
Not much is wrong, but you'll be fine
And hurt you to play spot
And I'm just about to lose my mind
On the other hand
With my thoughts on the bottom of my head
You're I, hurt you to play spot
Not your love, hurt you to play spot
Not your love, hurt you to play spot
Not your love, hurt you to play spot
Go, hurt you to play spot
Go, hurt you to play spot
Not your love, hurt you to play spot
Not your love, hurt you to play spot
Not your love, hurt you to play spot
Not your love, hurt you to play spot
See, finally, I grew up in the bad heart
First of all, I grew up in a Martin game
Martin game, plus Ben Huffer's goal
I don't want to shoot in any way
I don't want to make Marvin feel bad by saying that
You know
Oh, he won't feel bad, he won't love her
By the way, we have 841 friends
That are my space to the thing
Pretty impressive
When you say, well, Miguel, we think that's pretty impressive
How many do you think we have when you start of that crap?
My goal was a positive
Third man
Your goal was a thousand for when?
Like the next 500 years
I'll ever long it takes you
Oh, 841
By the way, it's 840
There's one that you need to be moved from there
While you're sitting on your ass
They're doing nothing else
Are you capable of doing that?
Yeah, who'd that be?
You know who it is
Oh, okay
Just remove it
Just remove any trace of this nonsense
1250, 10 before 1 at 560 W.D.C.Y.M
Peace activist Cindy Shein and three other women were convicted of trespassing yesterday
For trying to deliver an anti-arach war petition to the US mission to the UN
It's got a pictures Cindy here, man
I don't want to say they want to make her look on an unflattering photo
She is a guy, you know
I mean, I love her and everything she's done
What she stands for and she's gutsy and ballsy
I think maybe ballsy more literally than you might think
She doesn't have time for makeup
No, she looks like a guy
In fact, you know Barbara starved that you're always saying that's Hank?
I mean, hadn't criminal court judge sentenced them immediately the conditional discharge
Which means they could face some form of penalty if they're arrested in the next six months
Or then to pay $95 in court surcharges
I'll pay it for you Cindy, okay?
She ended about 100 other members of a group called Global Exchange where we buff last March
When they attempted to take a petition with some 72,000 signatures to the US mission's headquarters
Across the street from the UN
After Monday sentencing the women returned to the mission
This time the petition was accepted
Prosecutors said they were arrested March after ignoring police orders to disperse
The former acquitted and redistricted conduct resisting arrest and obstructing government administration
They have faced up to a year in jail of convicted of all counts
We never should have been on trial in the first place she and seven statement after the verdict
It's George Bush and his cronies who should be on trial
Not peaceful women try to stop this devastating war
This verdict, however, will not stop us from continuing to work tirelessly to bring our troops home, she said
You go Cindy, even if you do look like an old guy
I mean, I look like an old guy but then again, I am an old guy, it's just the way it goes
Nicole Richie, I told you we'd eventually get to this
Was arrested early yesterday for investigation of driving under the influence of alcohol
California Highway Patrol officers took Richie 25 into custody with an incident after she failed a sobriety test
That's right
Her black Mercedes SUV was stopped in the carpool lane of State Highway 134 in Burbank when officers arrived
A 30-side they received 911, 911, 911
They received a whole bunch of calls
They received some 911 calls about a car going the wrong way on the freeway in the car match the description of Richie's
According to the LA County Sheriff's Department report, Richie was set free on $15,000 as bail
A star of the simple act reality series and daughter of Popsinger, the anxious line of Richie was booked in Glendale tested for drugs
They said the test of the drug test had been determined yet, is what they police said
An officer marked Guirattville the LA Times that Richie admitted smoking weed and taking bucket in before arrest
I'm going to tell you one thing right now, I'm smoking too much wacky weed
I had no problem with weed people but too much wacky weed and makes you like,
No, no, no, just like that, I'm telling you
Okay, I know that from recent encounters with people on this show
Makes you put it over just like that, a little bit too much
Too many big fat ones baby
I mean there's nothing wrong with the big fat one but it all depends on what it is
I say
And what it's rolled in
1333, what a nifty number that is, what do you really want for the holidays, etc.
World Peace 211
To be in Neal's will 179, a threesome with two good looking strangers 160
Sex with a good looking stranger 127 to retire 115
A new job 100, one of Neal's Corvettes 84
How about being in Neal's will getting his Corvette and being a new job, how's that?
A rat
A Big Bang a weed 63, a threesome with my spouse and a good looking stranger 63, a new car 57, nothing 54
That's what I like is people who want nothing
For my family not to spend my money 31, a good machine is still stuck on the same number
I'm not going to go search for a good machine today and not a good idea
I hate this pull 20 for Neal to retire 17, likely story, Brady Quinn 15 and a good meal 7 out of 1333
Did you accomplish that task we go?
Well I have 841 people to go through before I get there
What does that mean?
They're not listed alphabetically
He's on it
You're on the case?
Yeah, make all of that to disappear, okay?
Make my life a sainter and make all of that foolishness go away
In an unprecedented move that odds with 40 years of deliberate ambiguity Israeli Prime Minister Aehood Olmer
It appeared to admit yesterday appeared to admit that Israel possesses nuclear weapons
When he included the country and list of nuclear states and interview with Germany's SAT1 TV
An excerpt of which is broadcast in Israel
The Prime Minister was asked whether Israel's nuclear art or some of which until now is never publicly admitted to having
Undermind the West objections to a nuclear Iran
Israel is a democracy that doesn't prevent anyone Iran explicitly openly and publicly threatens to have Israel off the map and agitated Olmer replied
And that's right, he didn't do nothing and it led to lesbian on all those cluster bombs and all those dead people
I was just, you know, that was self defense I think, wouldn't it?
That's right, like that
Can you see this is the same level where they're aspiring to have nuclear weapons as America, France, Israel and Russia
He asked it remarks immediately seized bomb by some Israeli commentators as being an admission that the Jewish state does have nuclear arsenal
as if there was any doubt
Although long suspected of possessing nuclear weapons, Israel has never openly confirmed those suspicions
Singled he would not be the first powered and introduce atomic weapons to the Middle East
Shortly after the Olmer interview was broadcast in Israel, state TV quoted officials and the Prime Minister's office as saying that
When he mentioned America, France, Israel and Russia was referring to democratic countries not to nuclear ones
Right, Ahood, likely story, Schmendrick
Ever hear of me, his brother, time Schmendrick?
No, not like that, so I'm with the track of a week ago, it was by Luznazaz, plunging at a bad machine man
1336 votes on the pool is where we're at
Yeah, I don't know, do you think, well, I might think another caller to be between now and two
What?
That will be the same people, but yeah
Get out of here, why do you say that?
WQAM, hello?
Neil
Yes, sir, see?
We have a suggestion for the call
Yeah
No more Haitians?
No, not the same people, but the same result
Same figure, same yellow button, same BS, same, like I said, I am Schmendrick
The biggest name, so best challenge to the day since we were Roger
Hey, I hate to break the news to you, that's not a legal idea, it's one o'clock
My bet, you don't have to play one, no WQAM, I ain't even for a lot of time
What are you trying to say to me?
Oh, why did you do that?
No, I didn't
You don't know, I didn't
You're not a tumor, it's the ones that are too old
Luciano, Pavarotti
Now, the fattest of the three tenors is back, stretching his vocal abilities in a way never intended by mother nature
In a new CD box set, Pavarotti does Motown
The truth is great pain, not much longer would you be mine
Oh, the truth is great pain
Pavarotti does Motown, if you thought he was good with an Arya
Wait, you hear him work over the real classes
Baby, you, I'm baby, you, I need you, I want you
Pavarotti does Motown, gives you the chance to listen to solid gold tunes
Brought to life in a way you never hoped for
I'm going to wait till the midnight hour
That's when my love comes from laying down
I'm going to wait till the midnight hour
When there's no barriers around
Okay, so technically that one wasn't Motown
But don't tell Luciano or Wilson Pickett
So what are you waiting for?
If you like ordering CDs that you can't get in stores
Call now to get a collection that will sit in your CD rack gathering just for years to come
Superfine, holy buns
Feel no better than all of you
Oh, I can't help myself
I won't be one of a happy feels
Pavarotti does Motown, yet it will surprise lives
By the way, supplies are not likely to run out anytime soon
I'm sure that, I can't wait to get mine for X-Mess man
102, a nice job Miguel, that didn't take very long
You eliminated that cancer, I mean that situation from our Myspace page
Oh, go, and there's 840 other people on there
And guess what, I won't be contacting any of them
And Miguel looks at every one of the, I guess you do, I don't know what you would, you know, how much you did it with that page
I don't look at all of them, you know, when they come in for approval
I try to take a quick peek and see that, and I'm a crazy person or something
I see
But you never really can be too sure, I mean, right
I just got rid of it, he didn't look like a crazy person, but come to find out, like, what would it look like? Wow
You know, don't go away man, Jacob, just go to hell away, okay, just get lost
And I, you know, I'll make it on the air confession right now and give that on my system and that'll be the end
Okay, so I don't get any more faxes from that idiot that faxed on Friday
Who never, by the way, did fax back and say, oh, and by the way, thanks for the 8 years of great entertainment
Which I did like all the other shows
But it's just, you know, a moment of stupidity and idiocy
And again, it's a good lesson though
It's a really good lesson to anybody, and that is that anybody who, like, find online
Running the other way is probably a pretty good idea, you know
Just run like a son of a bitch
Just look away
That is correct
Do you think that's a pretty good idea?
So, yeah, we'd like to get to our thousand, in fact, we like 5,000 friends in the Myspace page, and they can confagulate with each other
But don't blame me, you know, if you wind up with people that you eventually later on say, oh gee, what do we need this for?
You know
Just like me, what do I need that for?
Well, I guess, you know, there are people out there overgrown children who want a lot of publicity and attention
And they're talking about me again, oh, they're squeezing each other
And themselves and whatever
And good
Have a life, not necessarily a great life, just have a life and get out of mind
Crew ships are getting a type of wave of bad publicity from the neural virus, including
Back-to-back outbreaks and voyages of Royal Caribbean freedom of the seas, the world's largest cruise ship
As we well know one is show, because I've been giving that message for a long time
Stay off those friggin' cruise ships
Downed out amid the recent spade of outbreaks is that the nasty stomach bug, George, is hitting hard on land these days too
It's probably on a doorknob or a handrail near you
Or toilet seat
Or a pot on the board
Oh no
Let me tell you this from pot on the board, if there is George be smoking it already
Five nursing homes in Dave County have had bouts of neural virus since the end of October
According to Dave County Health Department, one swear as a regional environmental epidemiologist
At the agency estimates that an average of 20 to 30 may be 40
About 30 men
Or maybe 40 people ladies' facility took ill
Robert Health officials say they have seen one suspected outbreak at nursing home in recent weeks
You know what the best thing to do on this is I have another article about washing your hands
Wash them and wash them and scrub them and wash them and clean them and you know
When the doubt wash it up
The Centers for Disease Control and the Land of Say the Noreal Virus family of viruses seems to be on the rise lately
Though it has data only for cruise ships and foodborne outbreaks
Cruceships are required to log gastrointestinal incidents
And the CDC gets involved with outbreaks for like 2% of the past years are crew
And it goes on and on and on
The Donnassore Barbecue in Syracuse, New York at the popular Bikerbar and restaurant
Some 960 patrons were hit during the busy Thanksgiving weekend with the neural virus
The bug
The hangout was shuttered for four days while workers gave it a thorough washing
And it goes on with all these other examples of people keeping their guts in wild screaming diarrhea
All of these great things
All of these things
Their gods are gift to man, you know, part of the wonderful legacy of crampedity gave to us
13, 14, 14, 5 votes
I think we got a real shot at 14 today and you know on like 2 weeks before Christmas even less
I think that would be quite a feather in our camp
That'd be something, don't you?
13, 45
WQAM, hello
QAM
Now that's probably one of the better ones we've had all day isn't my favorite
Very quiet, peaceful
WQAM
Hello
No go
WQAM, hello
Yes
Let's go out
Hello
Say again
Talk another thing that's got the holes in it, you know, the part of the phone that you know you speak into
Okay
Go ahead
Yes, I watch people with comments and I'll put it out there
Okay go ahead and get yourself a real phone would be good, okay?
But, you know, get a real phone to work
Now there was a guy that maybe had some of this a while ago I doubted it, you know, very much
It would be very out of character of this, you know, this time of the year
The land of losers baby
See, I was stuck that, you know, when you converse with people online, LOL meant like laugh out loud
No, it means it's coming from South Florida, land of the losers
That's what it means
You know, if that stands for LOL, I'm not going to add that
Now it's starting to like add up to you
It is I'm concluding this grotesque chapter of my life these last days, you know, and I apologize to myself
Not to anybody else, but to myself for being such an old schmuck
What was the, I don't even get it now, I can't even answer the question
What was the attraction? What was the big simous, you know?
You don't have to tell me
Well, I can't, I don't, I can't answer it myself
Like I said, don't go away, mad, just go away
Okay, great job, wonderful, you know, accomplishment there, tremendous achievement
And you can write it in your diary and then on your grave, on your tombstone, they can write
He was a real nudge or whatever, whatever makes you happy
What has Dennis Kassinich?
He's got not just opposition to the war, but it's
A lock solid opposition, now he liked that, Dennis Kassinich
I think he's, you know, he's got a big pair for a little guy
And he, you know, he tells it like it is, he's one of the few that had the balls to tell him exactly what was going on years ago
Oh, he's a little guy, kind of funny looking
Why did I do it my story about Fargo? I got to find that
Oh yeah, it's important, I printed that out just for you and me because I've been there, you have been there
Oh yeah, I got lost in Fargo, that's actually a little adventure
In the middle of the winter, really freezing with an inappropriate jacket and I was going to miss my bus and be stuck there with no money
In Fargo, North Dakota, probably get frozen in the middle of the street there
Wow
I don't, I don't think I printed it out, maybe I put it on our website, that would be really bad
That would be nasty, but nevertheless
I love Francis McDormann and especially in that movie, all we love when he makes me see two in any movies is
Yes
Guess what movie was on again the other night? Speaking of people that we like a lot, I feel like it's more hot than guess what it was
Oh, owning a honey
Oh, okay, good movie
It is a great movie and it was a film right here in Toronto, and there's a true story about the biggest embezzlement of funds in Canadian banking history
And like he said, he didn't have a gambling problem, he had a losing problem
Yeah
And then there was another line, he said, I don't have a gambling problem, I have a financial problem
Right, he is great
The only problem with him though is that in that movie, it was almost the same character as he was in happiness
Yeah
And I was just expecting a certain scene that when he was like gluing the postcards on the wall
Yeah
With that crazy, crazy glimmer
Yeah, crazy, yeah
Human is a wild and crazy kind of guy
And then of course he was great in Magdodia too, which you don't like that movie very much
I like the movie
And I don't want to hear any more about the ending
I mean there are so many movies that have totally unsatisfactory ending
And they always saw Peter Graves, they saw
But you can be on my birthday
But you know I still love him
And you know what else?
You know you're good close by
Oh, I know what I wanted to tell you last hour
I don't know if you were listening because you probably know this into the spots
There was a gym-and-it spot for my close friends at dry concepts about the tile, about grout and cleaning and so on
And I was like, where does he get in the copy?
You might want to ask your good buddy Hank Guerrero that quizzling next time you encounter his ass sorry ass
Pathetic
God Neal
It's the most son after toy of his holiday season
Fine Neal-Lo
Am I here in Ola?
No?
You went to Target?
He's never sold out there for months!
Fine Neal-Lo is every child's dream
And every parent's nightmare
You've been, you've found the last one in the store
Too bad I broke in and dead and dead
He laughs, keeps shakes, he talks, he's buying me Elmo
Congratulations, you found me on eBay
And if you bid now, I'm only 26 hundred dollars
Oops, make that 27 hundred
And coming because we're paid, it's fine for me Elmo
Okay boss, get ready to run ball!
What's 16 to 560?
We're ready for this, we're ready for anything now
Paul Krugman in the New York Times writes they told you so
Shortly after US forces marched into Baghdad in 2003
The weekly standard published a gering article titled
The Cassandra Chronicles, the stupidity of the anti-war doom series
Among those the article mocked was a war novelist named James Webb
who's now the senator-relect from Virginia
The article's title was more revealing than his author's new people
Forget the nature of Cassandra's curse, although nobody would believe her all her prophecies came true
And so it was with those who weren't against invading Iraq
And best they were ignored, a recent article in the Washington Post
Rufli conceded that the papers accounted for the debate in the House of Representatives
over the resolution authorizing the Iraq War
A resolution opposed by a majority of the Democrats
gave no coverage at all to those anti-war arguments that not seem prescient
At worst those who were skeptical about the case for war
had their patriotism and or their sanity questioned
The new republic now says that it deeply regrets its early support for this war
Does it also deeply regret accusing those who oppose rushing into war of abdict pacifism?
Now only a few neocon dead enders still believe that this war was anything but a vast exercise in folly
And those who prayed for political pressure and ridicule to oppose what Al Gore had rightly called
The worst strategic mistake in the history of the US deserved some credit
Unlike the weekly standard which single out those that thought had been proved wrong
I'd like to offer some praise to those who got it right
Here's a partial honor role, Paul says
Former President George Herbert Walker Bush and Brent Scowcroft explaining in 98
why they did not go on to Baghdad 91
And we've gone the invasion route the US could conceivably still be an occupying power
and a bitterly hostile land they said
And of course, Bush 41 was all choked up as he said it, I'm sure
Representative Ice Skeleton September 2002
I have no doubt that our military would decisively defeat Iraq's forces and remove Sodom
But like the proverbial dog chasing the card on the road
we must consider what we would do after we caught it
Al Gore September 2002
I'm deeply concerned that the course of action that we're presently embarking upon with respect to Iraq
has the potential to seriously damage our ability to win a war against terrorism
and to weaken our ability to lead the world in this new century
Barack Obama, now a US senator, September 2002
I don't oppose all wars when I'm opposed to was a dumb war
What I'm opposed to was a rash war
What I'm opposed to was the cynical attempt by Richard Puril and Paul Wolfowitz
and other armchair weekend warriors in this administration
to shove their own ideological agendas down our throats
irrespective of the cost in lives lost in hardships born
Representative John Spatt October 2002
the outcome after the conflict is actually going to be the hardest part and it is far less certain
Representative Nancy Pelosi, now the House Speaker-Locked October 2002
when we go in the occupation which has now been called the liberation
could be interminable and the amount of money across could be unlimited
Senator Russ Feingold October 2002
I'm increasingly troubled by the seemingly shifting justifications for an invasion at this time
when the administration moves back and forth from one argument to another
I think it not a cuts the credibility of the case in the belief in its urgency
I believe that this practice of shifting justifications as much to do with the troubling phenomenon of many Americans questioning the administration's motives
Howard Dean, then a candidate for president, and now Chairman of the DNC February 2003
I firmly believe that the president is focusing our diplomats, our military, our intelligence agencies
and even our people on the wrong war at the wrong time
Iraq is a divided country with Sunishia and Kurdish factions
that share both bitter rivalries and access to large quantities of arms
Karmons says we should honor these people for their wisdom and courage
we should also ask why anyone who didn't raise questions about the war
or at any rate anyone who went to the cheerleader for this march of folly
should be taken seriously when he or she talks about matters of national security
Amen Paul, here here is your cheerleader
Yeah, here and here and here and here and here
and have another boo-beer
That's it
Ah, that beer for us
Get all boozed up for the holidays baby
because that's what it's all about
Oh yeah, that's what it's all about
What have we got on that pool?
This could be a week ago, and I'm glad that we learned about less than today
because yesterday even though it was bizarre
they were able to keep it going to two o'clock today
it's down to like the pressures like you said the club
So I'm gonna have like a heavy pile all the rest of the week
A big fat pile
Have we ever had a big fat pile all the time?
1371 votes on the pool so far
We got 1400 licked easy man
In fact if we'd have been pushing it
and McGub would have been pushing it instead
did it with my space page
And by the way you are, you know, you're a good guy
and you didn't do it intentionally
but you're responsible for dragging me into the world of this baby crap
And that's exactly what that all is
Baby crap
Yeah, better it is
All these infantile...
No, I can understand teenagers
Okay, that's basically what it's for
You know, it's just why it's shocking to me we got 840 people on it
because that's not generally our crowd
But these are the same people who get online
they're like, you know, like a...
Daisy chain
Like like we got on the phone here with that situation
And like 8 or 10 of them get online together and then
Bapapapa, bapapapa
And they're instant messaging back and forth
Bapapapa a lot of crap
A lot of crap
That is correct
A lot of juvenile crap
Which is fine, you know
I don't begrudge anybody
Whatever good time they want to
Just don't drag me in the middle of it
Okay, just don't use me and this show
and my livelihood
and my sanity is some kind of an fng game
And that's all I suggest
So I really couldn't answer
If I had to start over again
Which I don't want to do
But if I had to start over again and answer the question
of what that was really all about last week
I have got no idea
I don't know
We all go through our thing in life
We all have these periods of time when we're like
You know, we just... I don't know
I can't answer it
Strange, bizarre
We go through bizarre things
What do you really want for Christmas
or whatever this year
World Peace 219
To be a Neal's Will
182 out of that
And I can only imagine the kind of crap behind my back I'm getting about that
Admittedly so was an absolute act of ultimate insanity
Lunacy, but I'm a crazy person
To be a Neal's Will 182
A threesome with two good looking strangers 164
Sex with a good looking stranger 133
Sex with a real real hot good looking stranger
But anyway
To retire 117
A new job 105
One in Neal's Corvettes 85
A threesome with my spouse and a good looking stranger
67, a big bag of weed 66
A new car 58
Nothing 55
I like people who don't want anything
You know, they're very happy
Just like me
I don't want nothing for Christmas
You know what I want?
I do want one thing
To be left alone
That's what I want
Just leave me alone
I have a wonderful life, I have great friends
I have no complaints
None
Zero Zippity Duda
I work for a bunch of lunatics
But that's a given when you work for other people
It's always going to be that
It always sucks
Working for other people
Blows
But those checks not only show up on time now
But I got them so potty-fran they show up like
Days early now
Days early
Nice going Joe
And even clearance
56 to 1
Nothing
For my family and not to spend any money, 31
A good machine, 31
I hate this pool, 20
For Neal to retire, 17
Not a chance
I'm going to stay here until I drop right on the floor
Until I croak
In fact, you know something
Even if I'm not working anymore
Even if I'm not getting paid
I'll still stay here
And just keep talking every day
Even if it's not on the year
Yeah
Because you know as well as I do
But when
Yeah
Because you know as well as I do
That when this whole deal is up
They're not going to go to the expense of coming up
And getting this equipment out of here
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, these money grabbers?
Get out of here
What are they going to do with this stuff?
This stuff ain't worth 50 cent right now at this point
Anyway, we'll see
Brady Quinn, 15 people want Brady for the holidays
Give me a little piece
And a good meal
Hey, give me a little slice
Okay, that's what I want
See, I've decided in this last, I don't know, hour whatever it's been
I've decided that
Not only am I going to regain my sanity
But if I'm going to like pursue any kind of relationship with anybody
It's strictly going to be let's see
Sex with a good looking stranger
Which I do plenty of
And it works out fine
That's what I want
I don't want any friendships
I've already got three great friends like I told you
And I got whatever I want in my life
I got enough
Good, so in other words, put out or get out
That's my new philosophy
Somebody of famous philosopher once told me that
Of course he was gay
But that's beside the point
Now let me ask you about Hank Guerrero
Because we have a situation here again
We have another as Kimba would say
Yeah, situation
And it's just
Make it up
I mean I could go out to the mailbox and see if anybody stuck anything in there
Lately
Or have you go do it right now
You could go out to the mailbox and see if we have like a real honestly a piece of copy
No, the answer is
No
What? The answer is no one's got an error, you're not going to waste your time doing it
The answer is no one's got it and we did waste our time and it's none of them
No
Okay, so let me just say it officially
Again, Hank Guerrero is a
Whole, okay
I want to let him try to put a different way
Hank Guerrero is an ass
Wait
Come on
Hi everybody, you know the holidays are the hardest time to control your weight
That's why I come up with a way for you to shake your bowl full of jelly
With sweat into the carols
You'll be crazy to the tune of
At your top of here, I'm here, I'm here, feel the vibe
You'll also get swatting around
The Christmas tree and something else
Oh, I want love again
You'll be flexing your all and how it's stepping through a winter wonderland of
That burning fun
I'll eat strong
For granted
You'll be co-ho-ho holding in your stomach and unwrapping your thighs
If you join me singing all of our forgiveness to touch my face
Revealing centers, sweat into the carols
Available on Para Bounds, home video
1384 at Pull, maybe almost 14 head reports on the 12th of December
Boy, that is quite a major accomplishment
Wouldn't surprise me if they stopped the press at the freaking LA Times and put it in there right in the front page
Thank you
A mineman, who investigators say had photographic videos featuring children as young as four years old on his computer
Has been arrested, attorney general, soon to be your next gay governor, Charlie Christenance today
Lenin Jose Carrillo, 30, how old is he?
He charged with one kind of promoting the essential performance of a child
And five kinds of possessive child pornography all felony offenses
If convicted he faces up to 40 years in prison
Good
Investigators about when first a career career is alleged activity when they spotted pornography had posted on the Internet
Like I said, there's a lot of very strange people on the Internet
And I just get through saying that a little minutes ago
Yes
Strangely
People on the Internet
They then searched his residence finding numerous videos on Carrillo's computer children being sexually abused authority said
Carrillo was arrested Friday, or Carrillo is only one hour
So you roll your own is only one I don't think so
So many roll like Carrillo
But I like to do it
That's what I feel so much better today
Oh absolutely, you roll it
You go, Carrillo, oh I like that
Was arrested Friday's being held at Dave County jail
He admitted knowingly possessing the pornography the attorney general's office said
It's difficult to imagine the depths of the gravity that lead individuals to create and distribute child pornography, Christa and the statement
Hey Charlie
You're fair
It's encouraging you to know that our child predator cybercrime unit and local authorities continue to track these people down
Track their ass down baby and then find the rest of them too when you're ready
Now is this a fact that's actually coming here now? It's been...
It's a fact
I don't respect much between now and the end of the year these people are shopping till they're dropping or out of their minds
They're drunk, they're out of their... they're just off their gourd
And the fact says
Look at that!
Oh my goodness, the survey but then oh
I can testify this is probably true
A lot of people from India up here you do know that
You've said of course you also know that I get around
I do know that
I will say this, the Indian people I'm talking about the ones from India not Indian as Native American or that's another subject
Well I don't want to get into it because then somebody will come and say don't play that drop in
Get all upset again
I know about them, we used to compete against them in high school
About who? The Native Americans?
What do we need to know about them? What would...
Well we would wind up having to shower afterwards after these sporting events
Yeah, and...
And they're doing just fine
Oh I can't believe that you noticed
Wow
It's difficult not to
Yeah it's difficult when it's like right in your face
It's a short, you know how that goes
It's difficult when it's like as they walk by it's right in your face
Oh I don't know
Anyway, a survey of more than a thousand men in India's concluded that
Condoms made according to international sizes are too large for majority of Indian men
Absolutely
India, these study found that more than a half of them in Mejrat had penises that were sure that international standards were common
There's an international standard in believe me, I'm not even close
Oh brother
It is led to a call for condoms of mixed sizes to be made more widely available in India
Mix sizes, small, much smaller and teeny weeny
The two, the two years of age was carried out
But as they're reading we need small, they teeny, teeny weeny
I have a teeny weeny
The two
Miguel why do you want to get rid of delete his ass too?
Now why, listen seriously, I don't want to get back on of that again
But I'm so embarrassed with myself because you know that's so out of character for me
I'm just not an emotional cripple, you know
Why, why didn't I have Miguel do that a long time ago?
I don't know
Let me just say this to you again
And this is just generally speaking, although it applies in this specific case
If you phone, if somebody gives you their phone number
Okay, their home phone or cell phone whatever, they give you a number
And you call them repeatedly and they, not only don't pick up on the scene that it's you
But they don't return the calls?
That's not an active a friend, okay?
Then that's an active somebody that's a diddle in you
Anyway, the two year study was carried out by the Indian Council Medical Research
Over 1200 volunteers from the length and breadth of the country had their penises measured precisely down to the last millimeter
Oh boy
The scientist even checked their sample was representative of India as a whole in terms of class
Religion and urban and rural dwellers
The conclusion of all the scientific endeavor is that about 60% of Indian men have penises which are between three and five centimeters
shorter than international standards used in condom manufacture
Maybe that's why they make so many babies, okay?
They try to do it?
Are there Indian people in India?
Yeah, I think there's an opinion in Canada
Indian people in China
Right, there's a third of the whole world's population is right there in those two freaking countries, man
And half of those people live in Toronto
Canada and I mean in China and the Indian whatever it is
Dr. Chandr Prauri, a specialist in reproductive health at the Indian Council Medical Research
Told the BBC there was an obvious need in India for custom-made condoms
As most of those currently on sale are too large
The issue is serious because about one and every five times the condom is used in India
It either falls off or tears and extremely high-fade your rate
See I was only joking about that but there you go
It either falls off or tears
That's why they're having all those kids
And the confiability has the highest number of HIV infections of any nation
Oh!
Mr. Piri said that since Indians would be embarrassed about going to a chemist class for smaller condoms
There should be vending machines dispensing different sizes all around the country
Medium, small, much much smaller and teeny teeny teeny winy
Smaller condoms are on sale in India but there's a lack of awareness that different sizes are available
There's anxiety, tough, ill, the issue
And normally one feels try to go to a chemist shop and ask for a smaller size condom
There needs to be an ad campaign
But Indian men need not be concerned about measuring up internationally to a Sunil Mira
The former editor of the Indian version of the men's magazine Maxim
It's not size, it's what you do with it that matters
He said, what about the original column?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, just keep following himself that
San rationalization, I knew a guy that had a 12 inch number but he didn't use it at all
Here we go again
I just dumped that because we definitely can't discuss that
Okay, we can discuss it in generic terms when we can't discuss that
We're just rattling off the pyramid throw for a while
Look, you're something about a foot, didn't you say something about my left foot?
Yeah, something about a foot, yeah, and what about it? Nothing
You're gonna walk right
I'll tell you one thing, man, all of a sudden this is a new area of expertise for George
Sure, I have a new eye in there, and I'm just gonna dump it
You got it?
I had a fine line
I had a fine line
You didn't even hear it, you stepped all over it
Okay, well go ahead
No, I'm not gonna dump it, go ahead and say it
I knew it was not good, you can't say it
All right, here it comes
I knew a guy that had a 12 inch number but he didn't use it as a rule
You know, I was feeling so mentally liberated and emancipated
and so happy about life and back to almost abnormal again
And you just, I don't know
And you really thought that was a good line
Yeah, it's always gotten lost
Well, if it's a good line, no elbow should probably be in there any second
And give you a rough snort and time
1394 on a pull, we got 1400 lick today, baby
Who says that we don't make an emotional and mental comeback on this show
No matter how much they did it with us, they can do it with us
They don't make any difference, man
Resilience, that's what it's all about
Resilience, the old bounce back
The old fat, fat bounces back
I got a great story here, you love it
Right in line with this last story about the guy and thanks to whoever facts that him by the way that was simplating
His Danny Gallivan would say it was a simplating save and a simplating story
This one, I'll give you the headline before we do the break
A little tease, okay?
This is from the Sunsendle so it's like pretty amazing that local or local news paper would put something like this in it
As it turns out, women know love stinks
Oh dear, I think
Maybe it's that tea
Maybe it's that tea
That's the business, real Rodgers
The U
Yeah
She was a community icon
In a community that needs an icon
As far as I can't tell
She was the fantastic iconoplastic
Celia Roo
Celia Roo
Celia Roo
Celia Roo
Celia Roo
Celia Roo
Celia Roo
Celia Roo
Angel Julio Records presents Clip Dullshead, Malifia with sounds of Celia Roo
She's dead in the house
She was so beautiful
She was so beautiful
She was so beautiful
She was brings us Aeon
And they are young
She's a grand exalty
And you are sweetly sweetly sweetly sweetly
Celia Roo
Celia Roo
Celia Brougse
Celia Brougse
Celia Broug
Celia Broug
Celia Broug
Celia Broug
Celia Broug
Celia Broug
doesn't get off his ass on that thing.
You know, I've been doing that spot for how many thousand years now?
I don't.
Where does Manage come up getting that other piece of copy and all of a sudden I can't get it?
And that's because this guy hasn't got a clue what's going on with his account, Hank Guerrero.
Not to be confused with Hank.
He won a lot of hands to be like a lot. That's a fat Hank.
That was fun.
And the other Hank is hopeless.
Joe Fax isn't saying, and the reason I just play that CDA cruise,
he says, reading from a long time listen to what called your show once.
I had to tell you about the CDA cruise music at the next day of restaurant in Frederic's
plan and Amsterdam.
See that cruise in Amsterdam? How do you like that?
Who reported that place is going to hell?
It says, I heard your comments, they and lately regarding cruise ships.
I'm 100% agreement with you with so many great places to visit.
Why in the world would somebody get on a cruise ship?
Because they're dumb.
D-U-M-M-DUM.
I consider cruise ships to be nothing more than floating toilets where you about to get
sick from something.
They're way to put it. Very delicate. Excellent, Joe.
It says, I've come to the conclusion the only reason people get on them is because
they're lazy or they want to spend a week stuffing their faces with food or both.
You know what that reminds me of?
I'll get to it in a second.
Okay.
And also, since I'm planning a visit to Amsterdam next June, we'll also visit Vienna,
Salzburg and Brussels.
Take care and thanks for all the entertainment.
Well, thanks for the nice fact, Joe, which he's got a last name, but I'm not going to use it.
I mean, anybody that's got balls enough to put their last name out respect that,
but you know, why shouldn't I put his last name on here?
You're right.
Like Jacob Voth, why shouldn't I do that?
1477 votes on the pool, what I was going to say about the people stuffing their faces
with food.
It's like the people in Vegas, when you go out like in the MGM or whatever, because
you know you like to stay at, you know, they got the grape of phase.
Well, some of them are greater than others.
Some of them are just slopped, but it's all you can eat, baby.
It's a buffet.
And so these people who are, they're, they're gambling hundreds, thousands, whatever they're
plunging.
You follow my logic here.
Right.
But because of the fact that it's a low priced buffet, they'll stand online for two
and a half hours.
I mean, seriously, a dinner time sometime.
You've seen them.
Haven't you seen those lines?
And I'm thinking to myself, I could understand if it's going to be the most succulent
meal in the world, I'm going to get lobster and steak and I'm going to get like, you
know, for me, right.
But I mean, to stand online like that, just because you're going to save a few bucks
on our on a good meal or you think what's going to be for me, why not go?
There's so many great restaurants in Vegas.
Why not go to one of the really fabulous restaurants and get a great meal?
You know what I'm saying?
Like the Rosewood.
I like the Rosewood grill would be good or like the raps that they used to be, which
ain't there no more, because probably not enough people I was very expensive.
It was in the Trappacana.
Right.
I ate the raps today.
It was a great.
Yeah, it was.
In fact, I once had a raps today and my pants from that plate of food was so good.
They had the best creme brulee, man, for dessert.
Oh my God.
I had the real chop.
You went to the raps today?
Yeah, I had a hook up in those days.
So we got treated.
What do you mean in those days?
In those days, the olden days, when we used to go to Vegas, I acquired a hook up from
someone who was a travel agent who had connections over there and hooked me up with the raps
city too, but I had a couple of comp me.
Not that I'm looking for comp meals.
I'm not one of these snores that runs around looking to impress everybody.
Oh, we're getting a free meal here.
It's like, like, you know, Mr. Ego, you know, what about Mr. Ego?
I've been out at Burton Jackson's been close so long.
Maybe he's enjoying that parmesan cheese on his peppercorns.
1410 votes on the poll today, boy.
It's been okay.
This has been a good day.
This has been a turning point in my life today.
I'm very.
I'm grateful.
I want to thank the Lord for being a turning point in my life.
Just when I was on the road to self-destruction, whatever the hell that means.
And again, that's Miguel's fault.
Sorry.
Forget me involved with a bunch of silly ass people who want to toy with my emotions and
toy with my, and I have no idea what it was even all about.
I don't even understand it now.
If you ask me explain, if Miguel said, explain it to I don't know.
Who knows?
You know, I mean, as you know, I'm a sucker for a pretty face, but that one ain't even
all that pretty.
And it just was pretty devastating.
And tell your buddy Joe Biden, he's got crappy taste of neighbors.
Okay.
Joe probably just like, you know, he like getting a big fat one every now and then too.
Of course, we don't know necessarily what that means.
How will he really know, Joe?
I told you what that he would email every now and again, and he came by a couple of
appearances.
Well, in some other words, he just another face in the crowd.
Yeah, I keep saying that.
Well, if you wear our faces in the crowd, okay, we've all learned a very difficult lesson
this week including the entire audience.
Beware of just another face in the crowd, okay?
Whether it's a marginal face, a pretty face, a suspicious face, a devious face, just be
ware, okay?
And stay off those stupid and chat rooms and my space in your place.
I mean, yeah, if we get 15,000 people out there eventually, that's fine with me.
And they can all do it with each other because obviously that's what it's all about.
And that was all about?
You put your left foot in, you put your, huh?
That's what Wayne said when he did the Hockey Poke that time.
I'd like to see Wayne's ass in the Poke myself.
What do you really want for Christmas, Hanukkah, Quazal?
So what do you want this solid A season?
1412 votes and estimable number, considering all the things we're up against, wouldn't you
say?
Okay.
Of course, it would have been 50, it would have been pretty good too, based on South
Florida.
World Peace has pulled away.
Well, thank God for that.
We got some people out there, some spiritual people, whatever the hell I mean.
I still don't know what that means.
Some people with a soul, some people with some Rachmanus, as they say in Sweden.
Have you ever been to Stockholm?
You like Stockholm.
What I hear.
I think that's one of these.
And to go back to Joe's fax a minute ago about people with the cruises, see, a lot of
people, I mean, I spend a fortune traveling, and that's because I only go, you know, business
class flying in the top five star hotels.
But a lot of people are spending all this money on cruise ships, and they could be going
to Europe to great places, to Amsterdam, to Rome, to Berlin, to Stockholm, to Helsinki,
and really see what the world is really all about.
I just have a fabulous time and great food, and just, you know, the best possible time
of their lives, and not be wasted in money getting sick.
That's what just puzzles me.
Because as I'm sure you also know, they have like packaged deals, you know, remember what
Renewer you say we have packaged deals?
I think that was on cruise ships, though.
I'm sure it was.
Well, I got packaged deal, yeah.
Missile Micronary, man, there was a good guy.
Missile understood.
Just like me, badly misunderstood.
This audience thinks that I'm a hard, bitten, miserable, nasty, you know, just a radio
show.
That's all.
I'm a sweet old man.
Getting older by the minute.
Not sweeter necessarily.
In fact, this last 10 days sold on the sour side.
In fact, maybe I get me some sweet and sour for lunch.
Sounds really good.
Anyway.
Hot and sour.
Don't get sweet and sour.
You know, the guy that called it about his blood sugar, I don't know whether that guy
was serious or just another one of our loony tunes, but then what are you thinking about
sir?
He's going to eat whatever he wants, and he does, he's not measuring.
And that's it.
Yeah.
I would say, if it's still on there, I'd go back to the, oh, I'm going to say, I'm going
to say, Bob Lasseter blogged that he was running the, oh, time before he finally died,
you know, and think about that.
The foot amputated, the heart, the cardiovascular problems, the, the, the kidneys going and all
this other stuff, and then dying a horrible wicked death.
And knowing all along, he was going to die.
Poor blobbo.
And I, you know, even though I was in touch with him a couple times and, you know, we exchanged
a few emails and talked him on the phone a couple times, I don't know what, you know,
he obviously let himself go and wasn't checking the blood sugar.
And you know, it's the diabetes is a horrible thing.
But if you're just going to try to ignore it and say, well, I'm going to eat whatever
I want.
I'm not going to check it anymore.
You might as well just take a gun and blow your brains out.
I just don't understand.
Goofballs like that.
Well, the eating yourself to death is slower and funner.
Is that what it is?
Ain't no fun.
I'll tell you that when you're working desperately to get your blood sugar back down,
when you've had a really a bad day and ice cream day, you know, nothing that ice cream
in the microwave like that jerk that called earlier about that.
How, and I've asked this for all these years, how can there be so many stupid people in
one place, so many worthless, useless creatures in one place?
Gravity.
And you know, the interesting part of it is that the people I talk to, my friends in Florida,
which you know some of them and some of you don't like, but nevertheless, they agree.
They agree.
I mean, like, you know, why am I still here?
What am I doing here?
How do I get out?
You know, like, how can there be so many retardos in one place?
Anyway, here's the idea.
What do you really want for all these?
World Peace 231.
To be of Niels Will 186, it's closed.
The world is closed.
A three-simultu-bid-looking, well, I shouldn't say it's closed.
You never know who I'll encounter, you know what I'm saying?
Never know who could be.
And how easy I am.
A three-simultu-bid-looking stranger is 168, sex with a good-looking stranger, 134-ez,
and right now, right at two o'clock.
To retire, 119, a new job, 109, one of Niels' Corvette's 87, no chance.
A big bag of weed, 70, George will be right over with it.
A three-simulted, my spouse in a good-looking stranger, 69, a new car, 60, nothing, 57.
God are those people easy, huh?
Nothing will make them happy.
You know what?
That's what we're gonna give them to.
Nothing.
For my family not to spend my money 32, a good machine-mon 32, I hate this full 22, for
a year to retire 17, great-equan 16, a good-no-ten.
And why can't we kind of combine those last two?
The biggest name, so best talent to do this is Neil Rogers.
It's the nation's number one movie, featuring the NFL's most animated quarterback, Michael
Vick, stars in Happy Thin News.
Yo, man, boom this!
Boom this, you see this?
Michael Vick and Run, Heakin Pass, and Heakin Flip.
I got you quarterback right in my head.
Number one, see?
Number one.
But the Falcons, favorite bird, Michael Vick, in Happy Finger, waited for you for gesture.
Bye, bye, bye!
