kill the cold
awright
ok
you can
cool
You can't let go
That night when she turned off all the lights
There's no place where she could hide
Oh no, OJ was gonna get hurt
OJ went out to kill her
OJ went out to kill her
OJ went out to kill her
Oh
OJ went out to kill her
That night
One day
The jury's gonna set free OJ
We're all we know we're gonna head your way
Oh yeah
The jury's gonna get down
It's true
OJ is gonna come after you
And that he'll get away with that
One two
Oh yeah
OJ is gonna get you
OJ is gonna get you
OJ is gonna get you
OJ is gonna get you
OJ is gonna get you
One night
OJ
OJ
OJ
OJ
You killed the call
OJ
OJ
You killed the call
OJ
OJ
No book in no movie they finally caved in Rupert Murdoch said well I better be fit
a boot put a pop into public is like overwhelmingly pissed off and our own people are ripping
us in acid fox news and they were not going to do it.
The only problem with that is that the book was already on the way to the book stores all across
the North American.
Right. Isn't it already on eBay?
And it's already on eBay. So you know the fact that the cases of those cartons of books
arrived at different places and people obviously reached in there and hopped up a few and put them on eBay.
Anything you can get your hands on man put it on eBay and some schmuck out there will pay a thousand dollars for it.
Like maybe some of the body parts from hostile.
Yeah I'm going to take clearance over there that was the only thing missing from that movie I saw it on cable last night for the first time.
HOSTEL for those of you who don't travel very much youth hostels are like real cheap low budget hotels.
Through almost every European city you'll find youth hostels.
Or groups of backpackers hang out and you know like tend to a room and one tour for the entire four stuff like that.
Kind of stuff that you guys could afford.
Thanks.
So we'll talk about that because all three of us have seen hostile and Josh and Miguel thought it was great.
What?
No we actually also match point and we thought that was pretty damn good.
Very good movie.
But we can't talk about it very much because then we'll give it away.
Just keep your eyes on the ring.
When you think that's a good suggestion.
Yes.
That's not a giveaway. It's just you know.
Anyway I know a lot of people probably think that today's poll is the same one as yesterday's and we apologize because Sean,
Sean you ought to apologize to you baby.
Being lazy since it's Thanksgiving week, lazy than usual.
I figured well I'll just steal or whatever Sean facts in and come to find out he had these two polls almost side by each and they are damn near the same.
Pretty much.
Yesterday we asked what's your biggest regret and today what do you feel guilty about most?
But at any rate, too bad.
But before we get to the poll results, man files complaint in dog feces dispute.
Her most of Beach, California, a quadriplegic man has filed a complaint in an LA Superior Court against the her most of Beach police claiming he was thrown to the ground after dispute over who would pick up his dog's feces.
David Nichol said his civil rights were violated in August 2005 while he was walking a service dog along the beach.
The 43 year old man claims it was first yielded by a hotel employee for not picking up after his dog a job he claims belonged to the hotel worker.
The hotel worker then flagged down a police officer told Nichol's to stop his wheelchair.
A council what happened next different in the police report and the lawsuit.
Nichol claims he was forced to the ground by the officer but the police report states Nichol fell from his chair onto the pavement during a struggle.
The incident triggered an internal investigation within the police department but the outcome hasn't been revealed.
Nichol has been confined to a wheelchair since a 2002 skiing accident left him paralyzed.
The suit demands a jury trial unspecified compensation because he wouldn't clean up his dog's craft off the beach.
How do you like that?
How about that?
Quadriplegic guy and other words says he was walking his dog on a beach.
How do you walk your dog in a wheelchair?
You know.
And if I have to hear any more about micratures or Denise Richards or Brad Richards or Keith Richards I don't want to hear any more about it or Jerry Seinfeld.
I didn't watch the show. I'm the only person in America who didn't watch it.
I hate that show. I hate Jerry Seinfeld. I can't stand a whole bunch of them and then hell with it.
Hey, the people care about micratures.
Well, I don't.
I don't.
I do not care about micratures.
If I wouldn't have read the article I wouldn't have any idea who that was.
None.
So it's not just the fact that I'm not in South Florida most of the time that I'm out of touch.
I'm out of touch with a lot of things.
You know what?
I'm ecstatic that I'm out of touch with Seinfeld and micratures and all of that crap, all the stuff.
And that being your Paul Rodriguez that was up there in that comedy club.
Wow, he was supposed to apologize and he wasn't welcome here.
I'm going to go go back across the border.
Paul get lost.
He actually Paul Rodriguez.
I know that but I don't want to I don't want to hear his BS.
Okay.
I don't want to hear all this moaning and groaning.
You know, he was supposed to apologize.
Now you just stick it up for him because you're sure his name ends in Z.
He must be Cuban.
That's the reason you're sticking up for him.
There were no Cubans in the movie hospital or even in match point.
Yeah, you like them both.
Yeah, see that.
Hostile was and there were only reasons I stopped and watched it when I came across it on the cable last night.
It's because it's you know, it started out and it's set on there.
A bunch of American punks backpacking through Amsterdam.
And so I thought well, I might be fairly interesting.
Might bring back some interesting memories.
A lot of boobies in it.
I'll say that.
Oh yeah.
A lot of almost all of them fake though.
I know if you read the reviews on IMDB which they only got a 5.8 and deservedly so.
From hostile reviews there.
There are a lot of hostile reviews.
Anyway, here's the pull result from yesterday.
How many votes do we get?
503.
And we got to pull up last night late.
It's a very long story.
I got a call from Eric as I was trying desperately to fix him the poll and it wasn't going through.
He tried to fix me a poll.
I said yeah.
And he said whoa.
Like that.
We've been having some issues lately.
He's been having.
We've been having technical issues all over the place of late.
Just one of those things.
So thanks giving week.
And anyway, so what I had to wind up doing was faxing it to his wife at work at her work.
And then she brought it home which evidently she either came home much later.
I don't know.
It got up there kind of late.
And we don't care.
Like I told Eric, your case is a raster out.
We don't care.
It's there.
Have fun with it.
Dittle with it.
Vote on it.
And spit on it.
Whatever.
It is comforting to know though if you lose some body parts like if you get a couple of fingers chopped off.
That they stop bleeding right away and your body doesn't go into shock.
And you can just stuff the fingers in your pocket or whatever for later on.
That's right.
And just keep mosing right along.
Or remember that for what it happens.
Like that kid didn't move last night in hostile.
So if anybody chops off your fingers or other body parts, just shove them in your pocket.
And just keep on keeping on.
What's your biggest regret?
The ass I missed all the action I could have had and I passed on.
I was too stupid, too scared, too dumb.
The ass I missed, 485, almost a third.
Missed ass.
Never went to college 165.
Never found true love.
And we still don't have the song.
119.
And we don't want to hear it anyway.
So boring and syrupy.
Getting married 115.
7.6% of this audience say that's the biggest regret.
Getting married.
Wish I'd been a better person 112.
I hate this pull 107 down to a mere 7.1%.
But that's pretty good.
I was trying to get under 10, remember?
Around a year.
Yeah.
I have no regrets 92.
These are people who've had a wonderful, perfect life.
They regret nothing.
Or they're too stupid to realize what they missed.
Getting fat.
89.
It's a bad regret.
Once you get fat, usually your whole life you want to be in fat.
Never bought a house 54.
Smoking cigarettes 43 and growing a gigantic tumor or whatever you're growing in your lungs and all that other stuff.
Was a lousy center daughter 40.
Abusing drugs or booze 33.
Having kids 28.
Didn't graduate high school 14 and getting divorced only 7.
I would think that most people got divorced.
I asked, you know, happy about it.
Yeah, they're not growing a party.
Yeah, then I haven't regrets.
They're very ecstatic about, you know, cutting the, cutting the accord.
Like they did in the movie last night when he cut the cord on her eyeball.
Well, I don't want to ruin it for you.
I don't want to tell you that she jumps in front of the train at the end.
See that, that's the movie you really can't ruin because nobody watches it for the plot.
Because there isn't any plot.
Right.
It's your average cheesy horror movie.
Just about a bunch of wealthy guys in Slovakia and this private club.
And these people have enough money that they can pay, you know, thousands of dollars to, for, you know, people of different ethnic origins.
In American, they like to name their rights.
Yeah.
Yeah, they like the American.
What was the 25 grand for him for his body?
And then they torture them and dismember them and mutilate and murder and whatever.
And then how do you like to have that one guy's job?
The guy that was in the big room with all the furnace, you know, chopping up the body parts and heaving them into the furnace?
584 votes on the pool.
So we're not going to make a thousand a day.
If we do, it'll be a major miracle.
And you know what it's Thanksgiving week.
We're not, no pressure, man.
That's why I look at it.
No pressure this week.
And clearance wants to apologize to the entire world.
I'm sure even though he won't because he's not decent enough to do it for being a schmuck.
He ought to be in that room where they're dismembering and chopping and stuff like that.
You're very whiny.
Of course, if they tried to chop his balls off, it probably wouldn't have much success because, you know,
there's no sense, there's no feeling.
You have to have the equipment.
584 votes.
What do you feel most guilty about?
Not regret.
See, you see the difference?
Probably not.
Now, most guilty about nothing 274.
That's what I voted.
I don't feel guilty about anything.
Me too.
Feel a little guilty about working for this outfit, but nevertheless, drinking too much 138.
That's what you should have voted.
I don't feel guilty about that.
Oh, she didn't have to ask the partner 63.
I hate this pool so far 58% 9.9, just barely under 10%.
We'll get that down.
Get it down.
I voted for Bush 28 people.
Feel guilty about that.
And rightfully so, and we're going to track your ass down.
Cheating on my taxes 12 and I never vote 11.
Probably bitch and belly ache and moan about this one and that one.
But they never bother to vote because they're lazy, okay?
They're lazy and they make excuses.
Oh, well, my vote won't make any difference.
I'll crap like that.
A lot of people.
A lot of people.
Oh, that's the last place though.
And of course, there are people in a vote because they figure it's a total waste of time and they're all pretty much the same anyway.
And you know something, maybe they do have a point.
That would be my point of view.
Right.
You didn't vote in this last election, didn't you?
And you did it, I because there was nothing to vote for.
I could have voted at absentee like I did in the presidential election.
I didn't do it.
What am I going to vote for?
I voted in the last presidential election.
Yeah, like I just said, so did I.
I don't know if it got countered, not probably not.
Yeah.
1013 at 560 WDQM.
It's a Tuesday.
We got the mad dog at 2.
Now he's not on today.
See, they're not on your right now.
He's not on today.
Who told me that?
Where did I hear that?
I heard somebody say that.
Don't worry.
You might want to double.
Yeah, a little bird.
Sarah, am I balcony right now?
A little pigeon just dropped something.
He said the message unit is a man.
Oh, my God.
I don't know.
Well, we're here from Cardiff soon enough.
Tower hour with Hank at 4.
And then the Humper 5 to 7.
And then we got the Hurricane Crab.
College tailgate at 9.00 A.C.
by the FedEx Orange Bull.
I'm sure there will be a lot about Brady Quinn.
We got a new Brady Quinn picture on our Myspace.
Any case, 10 tonight.
No ball games, no Panther games.
The Panther is with the rear victory last night on the road.
How do you like that?
Any interest?
No.
I'm going to kick his ass and then I'll steal his two pay.
All right, now welcome back to the Mohara to David and show on your more mucusestations.
We got a spatial guest journey in this today.
Oh, no.
Not off the feedler again.
That's J-peedler, your numbs go.
Wow.
And today in him either.
Custis.
I'm even tired of dropping his date.
But how is the ratings party?
I don't want to talk about it.
Why?
Was it...
I thought it was an old nude ratings party.
Clarence told me everybody's hair was going to be in the nude.
So I show up naked and everybody ran out of it.
Yeah, because she's showing up naked.
No, he told Luane the same thing.
Oh, yeah.
Oh.
Here comes our special guest for real, right?
What do you know?
What do you say?
You know, this has got to be one of the premier radio shows on the air today.
Well, you've got...
Oh, the farts and the bites.
You guys are a panic ass.
What farts and bites?
He's talking about real show, Mo.
Let me tell you something.
I don't know what you're up for that spooge, offer.
That guy there is gay and then limped.
Whoa!
Get loaded and moody!
Why is the broads all out in here?
This here's a sports station.
Ah, putting the top of your shirt there.
All right.
And his upper stomach.
What are my pants?
No, on your two pay.
I suppose you want to race me now, huh?
Ah, I had...
Everybody else wants me for their receptacle?
Why not you?
There you go.
No chance you'll pass me that.
I see enough of these cases on poker every day.
I want your job.
My job?
That's a different kind of race.
I'll have you know I'm the king to get the station.
And you have the gold.
Who are these good?
All he has got out of here.
Hello, Mo.
What's the meaning of this?
Please, large fellas are here to escort you outside.
What's wrong?
You've given me the keys to the kingdom.
I'm the king.
I am, of course, Mo.
You can always count on me.
Yes.
Miss Carlos and Tim.
Come on, sister.
Let's go.
Get your paws off me.
Drop that entire glue.
Oh, and just one other thing before you go.
What's the...
Take him away, fellas.
Now maybe we would like to see him and one of those chairs over there in Slovakia.
What do you think?
Okay.
Maybe the first thing they would do would take off the old hair piece.
They probably would remove that right away.
627 votes on the pool today.
What do you think?
You think we have an outside shot of making the thousand by two o'clock?
Maybe.
I think we got it in the bag, man.
Now what do we find out about is Curtis on today?
Oh, we didn't find out anything.
Oh, Curtis is on today.
And tomorrow.
Really?
That's right.
How come nobody is being shouted to me right now?
By.
Yeah, I was getting food so I couldn't find the gallia.
Oh.
What do you mean you were getting food?
Thank you, Maui.
No.
Thought it was something new and exciting.
Not to take how he's for granted, but we just take them for granted.
Thanks a lot, Maui.
After you said over enough free food for years and years, we just take them for granted.
Don't forget something special.
It's very good always, of course, isn't it guys?
Yes, a little bit.
But nevertheless.
What did he say?
Absolutely.
627 votes on the pool.
So when are we getting back to hostile if you have an appetite for blood and grouin naked chicks?
You're like it.
Otherwise it does.
Like I said.
Prominent anti-Syrian Christian political Pierre Jamile was assassinated in a separate Beirut today as party's radio station reported.
Let's see, his party's radio station wouldn't that be magic?
His fatal shooting will certainly heighten the political tension and lesbian on where the leading Muslim Shiite party has blah, has threatened the top of the government if he doesn't get a big hit.
He's a bigger, say-in-cabinet decision-making.
Jamile was rushed to nearby hospital, seriously wounded, but died.
Jamile, the minister of industry and son of former president Amin Jamile was a member of the Philanj party.
That sounds like something having to do with a male member of Philanj, doesn't it?
It's a very supportive, I bought.
Very close.
And supported the anti-Syrian parliamentary majority which has locked in a power struggle with pro-Syrian factions led by Hezbollah.
There you go again.
These ragheads over here and those ragheads over there.
So anyway, getting back to this movie again, what is it that you liked about it beside the Ali and naked chicks and the blood and guts?
I actually think it's a pretty good story.
What was the story?
I don't know, it makes you think, you know, next time you go to Europe.
Oh, yeah.
I know I'm going to be canceling all my trips to Europe and certainly not going to be going to Slovakia anytime soon.
Well, we don't know if that's the picture you're staying at a hostel either.
Well, I had nothing to do with the fact that they were staying there all the two chicks and beware of the, you know,
beware of those real nasty sluts, I guess, as a message in the hostel.
That's right.
Because they were the ones that condomed their Lou Reo.
They stuck them in, so to speak.
And they lured them to that place and come to find out that place was not just torture museum, but there was like real torture going on.
And the severing body parts and chopin' this and that.
And that's what it's all about.
Eli Roth was the director of a Quentin Tarantino got his name on this somehow because they showed a quick clip of about two seconds of pulp fiction in the background of one scene.
I think it was the empty scene where they were putting mayonnaise on the body parts.
They were sticking the fingers in mayonnaise.
I'm not going to say that I regret having watched it. It was really just smarmyist.
It was like two steps away from train spotting and I wouldn't watch that.
No, that's a good flick.
Yeah, right.
I'm telling you.
I'm not, you know, if you got past the, you know, you might like it.
I don't want to see some guy fishing around in the toilet bowl for what he just left behind or somebody else.
I'm not into that, okay? Just not my bag, okay? It's not my cup of tea.
Anyway, getting to the big story.
Well, maybe everybody will watch Hostel since they're not going to get to see the two part OJ movie on Fox.
Well, they need something to do now.
I think he would enjoy that movie when you think it's right up his alley.
Yes, it is.
A lot of body parts, a lot of blood and guts.
Now, how much would you pay to take it to OJ?
That's a good one.
How much would I pay to take him over there and put him in the same situation and chop him up into little pieces?
That's right.
Oh, at least 20 grand.
You'd probably chip in, 20 cents.
Yes, I would.
Maybe even more than that.
But 30 cents.
After a firestorm of criticism, news corpse said Monday that it canceled the OJ Simpson book and TV special.
If I did it, if chickens peed, I and senior management agree with the American public that this was an ill-considered project that had rupert Murdoch, news corpse, anxious chairman.
We're sorry for any pain. This has caused the families around Goldman and Nicole Brown Simpson.
Everybody now, the new deal is they're apologizing.
If you notice that, this is a whole deal.
You got Michael, what's his name is apologizing?
Richards.
Richards.
Denise Richards.
And now we got this shmerell, is apologizing that we're going to put this crap on here over Murdoch.
I apologize.
Right.
We could play the Michael Richards apology, if you'd like.
But we won't.
Okay.
Listen, maybe you want to spend a whole bunch of time on that crack.
Hey, what's the other number one red story on the website?
A dozen Fox affiliates that already said they would not air the two parts we've spent on special plan for next week before the November 30th publication of the book by Reagan Books.
The publishing house is a Harper Collins imprint owned just like the Fox network by news corp and rupert Murdoch.
That's slime ball.
That money grabbing maniac in the project Simpson speaks in hypothetical terms about how he would have committed the 94 slangs of his ex wife, Nicole and his friend Goldman.
Well, lives of the victims have lashed out of the now scuttled publication broadcast plans and Fred Goldman's got like a regular segment there on a king show air reunites on their acting outrage, thanking the American public for their outrage and canceling the and on and on.
It almost makes you lose your sympathy for the whole for him.
You know what I'm saying?
Maybe he should have killed Fred instead of Ron.
You know, at least Ron was the young guy who had his whole life.
I had him.
Good young Jewish guy.
But Fred, he's just starting to get on my nerves and that must ash.
Ever see him and John bolt together?
Absolutely the same guy.
I say said both of them over to Slovakia.
Strap him down.
What do you feel most guilty about not a living off of this this guilty thing?
What's I don't know.
Nothing in my opinion.
Well, think about it.
649 votes nothing 308.
I don't feel guilty about anything.
That's good.
Have a clear conscience even if you're a miserable son of a bitch.
Drinking too much, 152.
Cheating on my spouse or partner, 69.
Well, maybe they don't feel guilty about it because they enjoyed it a lot and they're going to keep doing it.
I hate this pool.
65, 10%.
That's bad.
That is really bad.
I voted for Bush 32.
Cheating on my taxes, 12.
And I never vote only 11.
The biggest name of best talents for this is Neil Rogers.
Forced Radio 560.
UAM.
Neil.
Yeah.
Did he?
Did he?
Hey, Bert.
Is that you?
Coming to a theater near you.
Bert?
Are you in the basement?
Just in time for Halloween.
Nightmare on Sesame Street, Part 6.
The revenge of Bert.
Nightmare on Sesame Street.
Wrong to your binder letter A, Azim.
10.
32.
5.
60.
Course, that's almost as scary as hostile but not quite.
Probably a better scripted but never nonetheless.
So anyway, the final line in that story, Fred Goldman says of O.J., he destroyed my son, took from my family, Ron's future in life, and for that I'll hate him always, and find him despicable.
We need to hear any more about how Fred feels about O.J.?
No.
But you're gunna...
Andre Waters, did you see this story?
Yeah, I did. I don't remember him.
I don't either.
Miguel probably remembers, because he's a big football guy.
Oh, yeah, sure.
Do you remember Andre Waters?
No.
A graduate of Pahokie High School, who spent most of his 12 seasons in the NFL with the Philadelphia Eagles, died early yesterday in Tampa, he was 44.
The Hillsborough County Medical Examiner conducted an autopsy, said he died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head.
He had been working as assistant football coach in Georgia at Ford Valley State University School, spokeswoman Cindy Gamble said, I don't want to make light of it, but if you're having to be working in Georgia, you probably blow your brains out too.
Waters joined the Eagles out of Cheney State, or is that Cheney State?
If anybody watched a hardball, Chris Matthews, that idiot with his politics, he calls as a cheney, cheney, vice president, cheney.
Why does he do that? Just to be aggravating him because he's an A-hole. God do I hate Chris Matthews?
Boy, you sure hate a lot of people, and you don't, that is correct.
Waters joined the Eagles out of Cheney State in 84 and played with them at cornerback and safety through 93, spent his last two seasons with the Arizona Cardinals.
No wonder he blew his brains out.
Waters who was born in Belgrade was in his first year coaching at Ford Valley State.
Many students, including football players, aren't on campus this week because of Thanksgiving.
Football coach Deandre Clark, loaded Waters for an outstanding college career that enabled him to make the NFL.
He also coached Morgan State, South Florida, and Alabama State before coming to Ford Valley State this summer.
He blew his brains out.
Arizona Cardinals in Georgia put all those components together and you got components for suicide blowing your brains out.
It's like working in a QAM, working for clearance.
Isn't that something that we have to do an investigation to find out who's on the schedule today?
It's something.
And like you had a call at McGill or home and wake him out of a dead sleep yesterday to bring him in, but I'm sure that Joe figures we're just making this all up.
Yeah, we're making it up, Joe, because we're troublemakers and we're bad guys or evil.
Well, you are troublemaker.
Yeah, no question about that.
In Ojohn, provocateur.
Guess what country in the world other than Slovakia, I'm sure, is the most unfriendly country to visitors.
What would that be?
I'm going to give you a guess.
Would that be this one?
Yes.
Rude immigration officials and visa delays keep millions of foreign visitors away from the US,
hurt the country's already battered image and cost the US billions of dollars in lost revenue according to an advocacy group formed to push for a better system.
To drive home the point they discover America Partnership released the result of a global survey yesterday,
would show that international travelers see the US as the world's worst country in terms of getting a visa and once you get one,
making it your way past rude immigration officials.
The survey of 2011 international travelers in 16 countries was connected by RT strategies,
a Virginia-based polling firm for the Discover America Partnership, a group launched in September with multi-million dollar backing from a range of companies that include the Intercontinental Hotels Group and Heiser Bush and Walt Disney Parks and Resorts.
The survey showed that the US was ranked the worst in terms of visas and immigration procedures by twice the percentage of travelers
as the next destination regarding is unfriendly, the Middle East and the Asian subcontinent, you know, like a lesbian on like that or Saudi Arabia or Iraq.
More than half the traveler survey said US immigration officials were rude and two-thirds said they feared they would be detained and arriving in the US for a simple mistake in their paperwork or for saying the wrong thing to an immigration official like up yours, you schmuck.
The survey was taken between October 25th and November 9th against the backdrop of growing concerns in parts of the US business community over a steady decline in the number of foreigners visiting the US.
You don't think that one of the reasons for that might be the thanks to Al Presidente that most of the people around the rest of the world hate the US like poison now.
And isn't it ironic that Jay Hernandez was the only one that got out of that thing alive in that movie?
Or shouldn't have said that, should I? You got out alive at the end, thank God, I liked him. He was all right.
It wasn't great, but he was okay. He was no Brady Quinn. And by the way, whoever sent that new picture there on our my space, they said, what do you think?
And my response was like that. That's what I think.
Yeah, that's right. That was exactly what I thought. I would like send you that picture and all of you could do it yourself. You could put that on our, but don't do it. Let's not overdo it.
Okay, yeah, let's not.
No, we don't want you to feel like you know, it should be responsible for putting the naked pictures of Brady Quinn on that we don't want to hurt his image. He's very upside about that.
800, what is that? Oh, 600. See, ordinarily would be eight, but it's 6667. I wonder how long Eric is going to have that problem. Maybe you want to find out from him if he's in the little window or wherever the hell he is. He is in the window. Yeah, find out if he's going to if I can fax him the pole for tomorrow or as if we're going to have another situation today.
Not that he wants me to send him a text facts, but the problem is a test. You schmuck. Yeah, text facts. There you go. What other kind is there? But I don't know. I guess I don't have the authorization code here and his number isn't in the machine for some reason.
How about if I say I filed during the break? I should do it. Yeah, that's what I was thinking and say, how's this coming? Schmuck? Did this come through there? You bow zone. I or it's okay. Just it doesn't make any difference. It's a holiday.
We can even have more in a holiday. We care like we get paid based on the poor result. Of course not. Who the hell cares? I just do that to aggravate George, because I know he's always going to say, I don't care. You know, like we don't know that.
Not that George is selfish or no, George is actually pretty generous. You know, like in my birthday, he sends me all this useless crap all the time. Don't tell him this. Don't tell him. I said this and I'm sure he's not listening to me. You know the thing you sent me for my MP3 player.
What was that? I got a docking station. Yeah, and I wasn't a docking station. It was that case. You know, I gave it away to a friend of mine. I'm like, what do I need that for? I already got a rubber one. Well, it's the thought that counts. I got a rubber one.
It's rubber. If you like your rubber, the mini raid. 678 votes. I will send Eric a test facts during the next break. I guess he just wants to see if his facts thing is working or not.
Does that what that's all about? That's what that's all about. Yeah, well, it doesn't work. I guess he won't get it. I could just play with his head and not send him one. I'm pretend that I didn't. Oh, yeah, but he gets so damn emotional. Must be that Japanese wife.
22 before 11 and what about that poor Japanese chick who lost her eye there in a flick and jumped in front of the train at the end? That was so predictable. Wasn't it? Yes. That was poorly done.
A little exaggerated having to go that far just because of a bad eye. I don't know, but it was poorly done. I mean, you knew from the time that she saw the reflection in the glass. Right. You knew what was next. And she thought to herself. Oh, my God.
Boy, do I look like crap worse than usual? And then you see the train is coming down the track that one car, you know, was coming up the track like a bad out of hell. And you knew there's no doubt.
But you know what? It helped him get the hell out of there. Yeah, and help my buddy, Jay Hernandez, get out of there. Who's Mexican, by the way? He's not Cuban. So just calm down and not agree. There was, you can't complain about the acting in the movie because there wasn't any.
It was it was cheesy, but like I said, I enjoyed it. I got a 5.8 and IMDB out of 10, which is a very weak number. And there are some glowing reviews on there.
People have just loved it. Who are the blood and gruts, gruts crowd. And then there are just many, many just revolted and reviled and grossed out and then I, if you read the reviews, it's funny about being in the theater with some people that like start puking or guts out running the tourlet and stuff like that.
I mean, what kind of a worst you have to be. The circuit. It's a, it's a freaking movie for crying out loud. OK. I mean, yeah, it was gross. There was a lot of blood and guts and body parts and but it's fake like that gratuitously, of course.
But then again, Quentin Terrentino had something to do with it. So it would always be gratuitous violence. Oh my god, your breasts are beautiful.
Congratulations. Get a life. I want to play again. Oh yes. There will be blood.
He is one of the most sadistic killers in history. Now he's returned for the third installment of this trilogy of terror.
Oh my god, this place is a mess. Whoa. And what's with me being changed to a wall?
Jessica sent some pain and suffering awards that you've inflicted on millions of people with your awful music.
Whatever. Now the time has come for pain and suffering to be placed upon you.
I don't get it. I want to play a game.
Cool. I like game.
Saw free.
Are we going to play Rick? No.
Monopoly? No. Yeah, I think. No.
Checkers? No.
Saw three starring Jessica Simpson.
Okay, before we start this game, I just have to say that you need to send over a maid service. This place is a pig style.
Oh yeah. There is play. This place is seven up me.
Oh please shut up.
I mean, a five star hotel is definitely a Znot.
Stop talking, please. See the movie that will make you scream.
Oh no, I have split in.
Look, I just unlocked the door for you. The key is to unlock the chains or in your back pocket. Use them and get out.
Please, I have a massive headache.
Do you know how many good managers in the area? I totally took the mail.
Good God, leave. Saw free.
1046, 14 before 11 o'clock. But there's nothing like retooled his violence and blood and guts.
That's what does it for me. Not.
I mean, comparing Max Point with a piece of crap hostile that I watched last night, there's no comparison.
Max Point was a story. There was a story to it. There was no story in a hostile.
It's like a lot of disconnected scenes and like a lot of bad acting and the little kids were funny that one of the bubble gum.
See the whole message there. It's like to discourage stupid Americans who have never been abroad or have never been anywhere.
Oh, don't go to Europe, especially don't go to like Slovakia because they, you know, you're getting that and beaten up by gangs of raw kids.
Yeah, actually take a pack of gum with you. You'll be fine.
Yeah, that's right. Take some juicy fruit.
Yeah.
Six Muslim imams were removed from the US Airways flight at Minneapolis St. Paul yesterday.
In question by police for several hours before being released.
The six were among passengers awarded flight 300 bound for Phoenix around 6.30 p.m.
Airports spokesman Pat Hogan said a passenger initially raised concerns about the group through an old pass to a flight attendant according to Andrea Raider, a spokesman for US Airways.
She said police were called after the captain Airport security workers asked them and to leave the plane and the men refused.
They took us off the plane humiliated us in a very disrespectful way said Omar Shaheen Afinis as opposed to humiliating them in a respectful way.
Right.
Oh, there's your buddy.
I didn't talk to all of everyone. They left.
And I don't know how to get in touch with those people.
And then of course they've gone to press as I think they should.
The fact that there's that kind of solidarity and confronting that kind of those kinds of remarks.
I think it's important for the Afro-American community.
Yeah, he's very upset that they were offended by it, you know.
Just like the Pope. Like we said yesterday, I don't want to hear about microchords. I don't know who he is.
I don't care about sign-filled, about Jerry sign-filled, about any of that.
I don't care.
And I'm supposed to care because the media now tells us what we're supposed to be interested in.
They're just beating this thing into the ground.
You know, oh, he just said the N word and the F word. Yeah, well, big deal.
Oh, let's hear what Sinbad thinks.
And Michael's doing this thing.
I don't understand. He says he was angry and he's not a racist.
You know, there's not that much anger at a heck.
It was a heck of a man.
And he wasn't even heckling hard.
He's heckling chocolate.
He was like, it wasn't an accidental slip-man because he kept going and going and going.
Well, he admits that he flew into a rage, but he says it's so surprising that that happened because I'm not a racist.
But if there isn't some racial...
No, there's no racial. This is because he said the N word 400 times.
There's no racial tins there at all. It's more than a tinge.
Who cares?
It's like the Mark Firmament thing.
Did you ever say the N word? No, I never said the N word.
Do you know anybody who never said the N word including a black people?
No. No.
Black people say it the most.
That's not a good comparison.
Yeah, but if they say it, it's okay.
Like if I could call somebody a faggot then it's okay.
But if somebody calls me a fag or a queer or like, you're fair.
That's bad.
I could cure less.
The Six Muslim Scholars on this plane were returning from a conference in Minneapolis of the North American E-MOMS Federation.
Wow.
Such a hean president of the group.
Five of them were from the Phoenix Tempe area while one was from Baker's Field, California.
The North American E-MOMS Federation.
The Getski's Club.
Well, there was a show on last night about the Freemasons.
Didn't watch it.
The other guys had like had the magic handshake and they do the thing and scratch the palm of their hand.
Okay.
It's not with their finger either.
You ought to see what they used to scratch their palm.
Anyway, three of them students said they were normally evening prayers together on the plane.
That's what really freaks people out.
Okay, I told you about that experience.
I had an Amsterdam a couple of years ago.
More than a couple of years.
It was back maybe within a year after 9-11 when everybody was getting freaked out.
Those of us who travel a lot.
And the schmata heads are there in the waiting area.
And they get out their magic carpet or whatever.
And they're like getting down on the floor.
They're doing their, we're writing the middle of everybody.
Take it off to the side.
Take it out and get lost.
Take it in the turret.
The three of them students said they were normally evening prayers together on the plane.
There's 1.7 billion Muslims around the world who do every day, Shaheen.
He said he attributed any concerns by passengers or coup d'ignores about Islam.
This is just like the people who want to force religion and prayer into the schools.
You know, if you want to believe in crap, you're entitled to believe in it.
Okay.
But do your religious kaka in the appropriate place.
Don't kaka on the plane in the middle of everybody else that freaks people out.
I never felt bad in my life like that.
He said, I never, six Imam, six leaders in this country, six scholars and handcuffs.
It's terrible, he said.
Terrible.
Abraham Hooper, spoke to him for the Washington-based council on American Islamic relations, expressed anger with the detentions.
We will be finding a complaint with relevant authorities in the morning over the treatment of the Imam said,
the trimor of the incident was caused by anti-Muslim hysteria by the passengers and or the airline crew, he said.
Because unfortunately, this is a growing problem of singling out of Muslims or people perceived to be Muslims at airports.
And it's one we've been addressing for some time.
Hooper said the meeting drew about 150 Imam's from all over the country and that those attending including the U.S. Representative-elect Keith Ellison,
Democrat for Minneapolis, who just became the first Muslim elected to Congress.
Shaheen said they went as far as notifying police and the FBI about their meeting in advance.
Shaheen expressed frustration that despite extensive efforts by him and other Muslim leaders since even before 9-11 terrorist attacks,
so many Americans know so little about Islam.
Well, I asked the Pope, he'll tell you all about it.
If up to now they don't know about prayers, this is a real problem he said.
What would you do if you're like on a plane waiting to take off and some schmata gets out and starts like, you know, puts his ass up in here?
I'd probably start laughing at lab.
No.
Reached by his cell phone just after his release, Shaheen said he didn't know where they would spend the night or how they would try to get back to Phoenix today,
Hooper said U.S. Airways refused to put them in on another flight.
Hogan said more information will be released today.
The other passengers on the flight, which was carrying 141 passengers and 5 crew, were re-screened for boarding radars.
The plane took off about three hours after the men were removed from the flight.
If you don't want people to sing or the out and treat you like some kind of crazy people, don't act like crazy people.
That's my best suggestion to you, okay?
Don't be dovin' and getting down on the ground and whipping around your magic car up into all of this...
All of these fans.
713 votes on the pool. I think you may be right. We may have an outside shot at that thousand a day in spite of...
Oh, you know, I forgot to do. Probably Eric's all freaked out and I forgot to send him a test pack.
Oh, well...
What? Would he say something?
No, he hasn't replied to me.
During this next break, I promise Eric I'll send you a test pack and say, how this, how this be?
All right, and maybe that'll run. Just go back and watch Haun Stolgan, all of it, didn't record it.
During the next hour, I'll just go over to the video store and I'll buy a copy of it by DVD.
I'll watch it again to see if I miss anything.
Like it that much, huh?
I'm not saying that I didn't like it. It just was...
When it finished, I thought...
Whatever. You know.
Yeah, exactly. That's something that I'm very well, whatever.
You know.
I watched it. I don't regret it. It killed a couple hours of time.
It made me, you know, weary enough to go to bed and fall asleep instantly.
And it just left me a little limp.
Left me a little on the limp side.
It just...
I mean, it had the potential for...
If they developed the characters a little bit more, you know?
Yes.
Wouldn't you think?
Like the freaky professor guy, whatever it really was, you know, the one with the daughter that put his hand on the kid's leg on the train.
They decided to concentrate on boobs and killing, you know?
Yeah, boobs and blood, man. That's what it's all about. The old B&B.
I think a lot of people after they watched it, when we went open up their own B&B, boobs and blood bath is where it's at.
Maybe that's what they mean when they say they want to go to the baths, although usually when the pre-sale that it's a different kind of bath.
For guys running around naked all together.
Speaking of naked, if we got that picture up a Brady Quinnian or not, I don't know what you're talking about.
If you could see the desktop here, it's just...
It's almost embarrassing. There's almost nothing that do embarrass me.
And he ought to be a little embarrassed too because let's face it. Although he does play this a lot of...
I don't want to get into a racial thing now would not be a good time for that.
But you'll notice in this picture he's got boxer shorts on and he's got like regular gym shorts on over them.
And the gym shorts over the boxer shorts are about a couple of inches below the...
You know what I'm saying?
That's how the youngsters do it.
Exactly. Like he wants to be kind of a gangster punk, a little bit.
Not too much, just a little bit on the punky side.
Were you leaning towards what Michael Richard said?
No, I was not.
This is not today to be starting with some kind of a racial thing.
Don't be starting that. It's not a good idea.
And now you don't have to play that clip that you had from Letterman Choke.
Because I already had enough of it on it to make me want to vomit.
See, the movie didn't make me want to shoot.
It's all the stuff about Mike Ruchy-Richard's will.
I'm Ruchin' from that. From Richards.
Who cares, okay?
So he went ballistic. I mean, there's just no justification for that.
So he had a couple of hecklers in the crowd. He's not a stand-up comic to begin with.
Didn't you tell me that?
That's what I hear.
Correct.
That's what Miguel said. He's an expert on Seinfeld and other bad TV shows.
Oh, you can't say that. Neil everybody loves Seinfeld.
Even Tom Jickel loved it.
Well, that proves my point.
He loved Chias too. You know, Chias.
See, that's Tommy's barometer.
If it's popular, then it must be really great.
As far as TV shows are concerned.
I'm radio-no, if it's popular, it must really suck.
I'll tell you something that's great and consistently good,
and that's the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
And now with the holiday, you know, I wonder if they got anything special coming up for Thanksgiving?
And of course, the fact that Brian Schmoetz is in charge of this account now.
There's no way I would ever find out about it.
By the way, I don't think him in light.
No, you won't. You won't.
Like my brandy's copy. The date on the original piece of copy is March 21.
We won't get any copy change until hell freezes over, okay?
Until the next paleolithic age.
It just isn't going to happen, man.
Because we got a sales manager that doesn't give a crap about that.
And we got a general manager who like basically winds everybody up like a wind-up doll or blow-up doll.
And just turns and loots no matter how much havoc they wreak on everybody else.
And so it wreaks. But anyway, what I started to say was...
This is the Neoronjurkshire.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
The soda and shampoo and coffee and water.
Gel candles and TV rings for your daughter.
Don't out that duty-recase of champagne.
These are the things you can take on a plane.
She's with a hair gel and lip balm and toothpaste on clear silver.
For all of those bits on your face.
You have that sunburn but no solar cane.
That's one more thing you can take on a plane.
And the airport you'll be waiting in this same state.
And while they make you throw out all of those things.
You cannot take all of them.
It's my best suggestion.
Don't act like some kind of religious nut like a fanatic if you're going to be on a plane
with other people or like on a train or whatever.
And if you're like sitting on a train with somebody who's basically a stranger.
Don't put your hand on there like it's not really a good idea.
No.
Although you noticed later on when he had the kid sitting there in his shorts in that chair.
And torturing and poking and prodding.
And he did the same thing again. And then the kid got all freaked out.
You know what I'm saying?
In other words, if they're doing all these things with all these instruments
and like torturing and dismembering, why the hell would that freak you out if they put their hand on you?
Like they would be the least of the... you know what I'm saying?
I guess he thought he was about to perform some kind of a sexual act on him or something like that.
No, excuse me. Isn't that when he realized who that was?
Well, that's when it finally dawned on him. Who it was?
Yeah, I think so.
Well, he's a little bit slow.
Wouldn't you say a little slow on the uptake?
Well, you know.
Well, the good news is I would not put my hand on his leg.
750 or any other part anywhere near him.
750 votes on the pool. I think we got a shot today, you know what?
Even two days before Thanksgiving.
Oh, and you know what I forgot to do? I forgot to send Erick a...
You know, I'm going to do it right now.
Jesus. I don't know.
Well, I get excited right now.
I'm in the box. I'm like, did you get the facts?
Let me do it now.
Erick. Here's a test.
Schmuck.
Okay, I'm writing it out.
If I don't do it now, I'll forget.
Okay, one moment, please.
All right.
I was looking for an instrumental there.
It's just the opening door here.
Okay, it's in the machine. It's in the machine.
I've got the thing percolating.
Can you hear it beeping?
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
You hear it?
And, of course, well, no, if it went through or not,
because if it doesn't go through, then it's just never going to start with that.
And, of that noise, it sounds like the QM signal on a bad day on 441.
It's not doing anything.
Oh, there it is.
All right.
All right.
I think it's going to go through.
I just wrote, Eric, here's a test.
He'll let you know right away if he got it.
And, that means this thing is working.
And, one thing we want to be sure is Eric's thing is working,
so we can get the poll for tomorrow, if real early.
Thursday, we won't be here, any of us.
Now, let me ask you this.
I know it's a stupid question.
Anybody seeing clearance that he come back from his basketball adventure?
Yes.
And, what should you do here early this morning?
Was he really?
Yes.
Well, then how come we didn't have a revised schedule telling us that
Mad Dog won't be under there tomorrow?
He's not cutting it, baby.
This man is not cutting it.
He belongs in that chair in Slovakia.
Okay.
The thing has gone through.
I got the beep on it, which means it is sent.
Any second now, you should begin a message from Eric saying,
whoa, I've got it, or it didn't come through.
Which, if it didn't come through, I can just, you know,
I don't know what I'll do.
Now, he's like disappeared.
He stopped replying.
He vanished?
Yes.
Well, you do understand he doesn't have a regular facts machine.
It's on his computer.
Yes.
So that's probably why he can't like walk in two gum at the same time.
754 votes on the poll today, which is not the same as yesterday,
but much too close, and I apologize for that.
Since it's everybody's apologizing now.
That's the new thing.
Everybody does something.
Although this is hardly anything to apologize for.
It's a shawnt apologizes.
The guy that sends it in our polls.
Thank God for him.
754.
Now, do we want to do, again, one of those cornball Thanksgiving polls this year?
I don't want to do that.
What are you most thankful for this year?
You know, like, my friends and family, I won the lotto, you know,
some stupid cra- we don't want to-
By the way, the sun is shining.
Oh, my God.
This must be a mistake today.
And the weather here is great.
Yeah, pretty chilly.
You know, I woke up this morning.
It was like minus two Celsius, 28 degrees Fahrenheit.
Tipped into the 40s last night.
Here I had the windows open.
And right now it's plus two.
It's all the way up to 35.
Not bad.
It's going to be over 40 today.
And then the middle of the week it's going to be in the 50s.
And sunny.
And here I had the windows open.
And right now it's plus two.
It's all the way up to 35.
Not bad.
It's going to be over 40 today.
And then the middle of the week it's going to be in the 50s.
And sunny.
It's been kind of gay.
I'll get gray.
And depressing.
Gay.
Did you get a message from Eric saying I got the facts and everything's working just fine or not?
Not a damn thing.
Whoa.
That doesn't sound too promising.
Does it?
And I agree with that.
Killed is a terrible thing.
Even if you went out and killed a bunch of people, I mean, you know, you did it.
You can't bring them back to life.
You can't undo it, right?
Correct.
If you ran over a bunch of baby ducklings crossing the road.
Well, you know, maybe you didn't see him.
Or at least convince yourself you didn't see him.
Rationalize.
Nothing you can do now.
To a tone for your sins.
Nothing 367.
Drinking too much.
172.
Got a lot of cheap grunk sound there in the audience.
And no question about that.
Cheating on my spouse or partner, 82.
Again, the question is what do you feel most guilty about?
And of course, if it was real good.
And maybe the poll could be the PC, the poll commission.
By the way, after two o'clock, Josh is going to play for the Mitch, what's his name?
Richard's.
Mike Richards.
What other's name is?
Mitch Saheli.
We have him live via satellite.
Yes, I voted for Bush.
I'm guilty about that.
34 said that.
And you ought to feel guilty.
You've got blood on your hands.
Not as much blood as in that movie last night, but almost.
I'm so shocked that either one of you not only saw the movie, but even ever heard of it.
I thought it was pretty obscure.
But then when you look at IMDB, there's like 12 pages of reviews of it.
Don't be surprised.
I see new school movies.
I do.
New school, my ass.
Anyway, I never vote 14.
And of course, the people that never vote probably just as well.
And cheating on my taxes only 13.
And of course, a lot of people feel that why would they want to give their money to the government?
And anyway, so they can use it to kill some people.
And go out there and flush it down the toilet and waste it and frit it away.
And give it off to Halibut and in Bechtel and Dick Cheney and all these other billionaires.
So if they did cheat on their taxes, maybe they did it with a good reason, wouldn't you think?
Yeah.
Speaking of people who aren't all that anxious to serve their country because their government is corrupt.
Ducting millions young men for service.
Like if we decided to go into Iran and in North Korea and then like Syria and then Canada, you know, Mexico.
Wouldn't you think that would be one of the real good solutions to stop the, and of course, the troops wouldn't have to travel like halfway around the world like they do to Iraq.
Stopped as illegal immigration crap from Mexico is just going there and bomb the crap out of them.
Wouldn't you say that's a good idea?
Just making sure that Jay Hernandez is still on the side of the border.
He is all right.
Really great actor.
The selective service system and agency independent of the defense department says it's ready to respond.
And they seem where they were like in the hostel in the beginning where they were running around naked.
Everybody's getting laid, which there was a hell of a lot of that in the movie.
Although they didn't seem too happy about it when you come right down to it.
But when they were running around naked, I noticed that he was hairless.
Jay Hernandez now.
So he must either be waxing it or shaving it.
What do you think?
Oh, yeah.
No.
The selective service system and agency independent of the defense department says it's ready to respond quickly to any crisis that would threaten to overwhelm the current all volunteer military.
We're the fire department said spokesman Pat Shubak at the service headquarters in Arlington, Virginia.
We're prepared to do the mission with whatever time period we're asked to do it.
Our current plan is 193 days and that was based on manpower analysis with an active list of more than 15 million names.
Shubak said an estimated 93% of all men in the US between 18 and 26 have registered for the selective services required by law, Josh.
Anyway, I just mentioned that in passing.
Oh, we can't have the draft back.
Have you asked drafted and sent off to a record?
You'd probably keep in touch. Did Eric get the facts or not?
I'd come up there to T.O.
Well, he hasn't written me if he did.
Come on, Eric.
Quit playing hardballs. Will you please?
I can't believe that.
I mean, it went through. I know that.
What did it say?
It said Eric, this is a test.
That's all.
And plus or would say, you know, this number and the whole deal on it, the whole ball of wax.
Speaking of a wax job.
Yeah, somebody wrote that on our MySpace page.
And by the way, I hate to break the news to you.
Although I'm sure Miguel reads them all religiously because he's got a lot of time on his hands.
Because he's promotions director.
And we don't do any promotions on QAM.
We do a lot of make work, busy kind of stuff, you know.
We don't really promote anything.
Have you noticed that?
That's you Miguel.
Since the New regime came in, we have no, well, I'm not talking about he's not responsible for that for like ad campaigns, are ya?
Well, we have newspaper ads out.
We do. And what do they say?
Our lineup, actually.
Wow. Well, listen, so Clarence obviously because he's eight wall all the time now.
He's not going to tell us what to be a lineup.
So look in the newspaper. Maybe that's part of the game we're playing.
Look in the newspaper. You'll find out who's on first and who's going to be on.
Curtis from AdDoc today and tomorrow.
And then of course on Thursday, we got nobody's going to be on Thursday.
Eric Kessler-Fax.
Well, thank God. Nice going, Eric.
And he probably had a wild little bit, you know, any way 600 pounds.
All of he lost an ounce here too is what George tells me.
Haven't seen Eric in a long time.
And let's keep it that way, sweetheart. Let's keep it that way.
He's a good guy, but you know, a monster in the industry.
773 votes in that pool.
Like, what did I say we need 850 by noon? Well, maybe 880 something.
We got to break 800 and what we got 774.
Well, that's a piece of cake. That's a given.
I think we're going to do it today.
Two days before Thanksgiving, they break 1,000 votes in the pool.
Even though yesterday, Eric was all just convovulated.
And I couldn't fax him the pool.
Do you think the audience cares about A in this? No.
No, about as much as I do. None.
But it's like a little bit of drama. It's like in that movie.
You know, at least it's like a mystery, like a part of the plot.
It's enough to make your plots.
We didn't really get to see very much of the countryside, did we?
No.
In Slovakia, we didn't see anything in Amsterdam.
I mean, that scene in the coffee house was so embarrassing.
That was really bad. You know, that was so...
You guys here to get stoned?
No.
Nobody goes to Amsterdam to get stoned.
We're just here looking for a few laughs, you know.
And they're passing the ball around.
It was so overdone.
And that should tell you right from the beginning, if you kept watching it,
you got whatever you deserve.
You deserve to have a blood bath on your hands.
If you kept watching. It was okay.
But I watched it again.
No.
No.
I mean, there's some movies you watch, and you think I'd watch it again
because I either liked it so much or because there's something I think I may have missed, you know.
Like what's the book about?
What's the book about?
What's the book about?
The book about the imaginary heroes.
Now you didn't watch that. Did you?
Miguel?
The imaginary heroes?
No.
Well, why don't you bring it in? He'll watch it.
I will bring it in. I don't have it. I give it back to George.
Well, like I said, George won't give that to Miguel because it's, you know, Miguel is with this Cuban thing.
It's a little bit too...
Yeah.
Too from Miguel. He won't...
I don't think it was very gay.
You know, just that one scene there.
And of course we don't see anything. They just wake up in the morning in the sack.
That's probably a pretty good indication. You know, when you wake up in the sack in the morning with some guy.
Yeah.
Well, he's not, but, you know, you might be.
That's right.
That is a great line.
And you notice, George liked it so much, he can recite the whole dialogue.
The biggest name of the best talent.
Good. This is Neil Rogers, sports radio 560, QAM.
I get in and hold it.
I've been standing in line for the past 147 days.
I live with my mom.
Star Wars, three bands of the six.
It's really awesome.
And there's Darth Vader, C3PO-ish in it as well as R2D2.
There's gonna be like Saber and even Alliguinness, which has been dead for many, many years.
And there's other special effects. Oh, yeah.
George Lucas is going to make $942 trillion and 27 cents.
And the guy who is in line.
It sounds like a pile of sits to me.
Anyway, it's 1119 to 560, WQM. We got Curtis for the Mad Dog or two.
No Mr. Mad Dog today, Ordemar, or Thursday.
And I'm assuming that he's listed on the schedule on Friday.
I don't know. If I was him, I'd lay out.
You know, when you think?
Yes, lay out.
And how many shows a week does this contract require that a year?
About 30 minutes.
Show the year. So I don't think there'll be any more this week.
A third Marine has agreed to pre-goat at lesser charges in the killing of an unarmed Iraqi civilian,
whose body was left with an AK-47 and a shovel to look like an insurgent Marine's attorney said.
See, that's one of the ways that you make countries free.
You spread democracy around the world?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
This is one of the ways that George Bush does it.
We send a lot of American troops over there and we kill some people, right?
Lance Corporal Jerry Schumayt Jr. was part of a squad of seven Marines and a sailor
who were charged with kidnapping 52-year-old Hashim Ibrahim Aewad
in the rural Iraqi town of Hamad-Daniya.
Well, I sure was off my feet yesterday.
I couldn't read anything right.
You know what, it's just the way it is.
I was so aggravated over that clearance business.
Surprise didn't have a stroke right here on the air.
Anyway, dragging him into a roadside hole, shooting him and then trying to cover it up.
See, at least in the movie last night in Hostel, they were smart enough.
Instead of just taking the body parts out and throwing him around town,
you know, they put him in that big furnace there.
They had that big old fire going.
Yes, they did.
Imagine it probably didn't smell too good in that joint, but nevertheless.
At a court martial today, Schumayt was expected to play guilty in the new charges of aggravated assault
and conspiracy to obstruct justice.
See, like I said, it's Thanksgiving week.
I can't read right.
And testify about the incident.
Under the deal, charges of murder, kidnapping, conspiracy, larceny, and assault
will be dismissed according to a civilian attorney, Steve Amel.
Two other Marines in the Navy Cormin who was on patrol with the squad
to plead guilty, lesser charges, the longest of any of the three has been ordered to serve 21 months.
They testified they planned a kidnapped and kill a known insurgent when they couldn't get to him.
Some members of the squad went into a neighboring house and kidnapped A.W.A.D. instead.
This prosecutor's who described as a disabled father of 11 and a former police officer.
Well, you know, we're going to kill somebody.
If we can't get the guy that we want, let's just kill somebody else to make this feel better about it.
Right?
Okay.
Prosecutors say squad members tied A.W.A.D.
I'll put him in a hole and shot him and then placed an AK-47 in his hands and a shovel in the hole to make it appear as an insurgent planning explosives.
The Pentagon began investigating shortly after A.W.A.D. was killed in April.
Four senior squad members still face kidnapping and murder charges.
Wow.
Zion America, baby.
790 votes on the poll.
We're going to do it.
We'll have like, oh yeah, way over 800 by noon.
And if we can't do a 150, 180 votes in two hours, then we might as well shut this baby down.
Am I right?
I agree.
Shut this thing right off.
Shut it down.
Right now.
You know, somewhere out there in this community, there's a murder on the loose.
At least one.
Are you aware of that?
Yeah, I heard.
I think that those of us here on all sports radio, we ought to do something about it.
Let's appeal to his conscience, which obviously doesn't have one, but.
Now let's see, that thing game is on Thursday.
The hurricane's going to lose to Boston College and then old, old, old co-heads are going to get his ass fired after that.
Bye-bye, Larry.
It's been a real treat.
See anybody who's dumb enough to come and coach you and football, they deserve to get the rest can.
Wouldn't you agree with that?
Uh, no.
No.
Are US District Court judges already as you would, but they just don't have the balls to say it on here.
Are US District Court judges order the FBI to correct this charges regarding the US government's evacuation of Saudi royals and bin Laden family members after the 9-11 attacks in 2001 as we all recall.
A conservative nonpartisan group announced yesterday, Judicial Watch, the public interest group that investigates and prosecutes government corruption announced yesterday that US District Court judge Richard W. Roberts of the United States.
The US District Court for the District of Columbia, as ordered the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the FBI to submit proper disclosures to the court and judicial watch by December 15.
Concerning the US government's evacuation of Saudi royals and members of the bin Laden family from the US immediately following the 9-11 terrorist attacks the group said they press release obtained by Raj's story.
Judicial Watch notes that Judge Roberts criticized the adequacy of redaction descriptions, the accuracy of the sworn statement submitted with the documents.
The validity of exemption claims another errors in the FBI's disclosures.
The FBI's 200-page annotated production and accompanying declaration together do not as they must provide sufficient detail or precision about the withheld information.
The FBI's motion for summary judgment will be denied and the FBI will be directed to file disclosures that fairly meet the requirements of court precedent, wrote Judge Roberts.
He also added that one particular FBI exemptions argument, strains co-duality. It strains co-duality just like the whole 9-11 story strains co-duality.
And the fact that all these schmattheads were allowed to get on planes and fly out of the country, get their ass out of here while they're getting was good, while nobody else could fly while airports were shut down.
According to a Judicial Watch, US government documents reveal that 160 Saudis flew from the US between 9-11 and September 15, 2001.
While the rest of America was cooling its heels and nobody could get a flight to anywhere, these Saudis, 160 of them flew out of the US. They've bamboosed baby. They got out of here while they're getting was good.
How do you like that, Tim Reghads?
800 votes on the poll.
1124.
Oh, there's Bill Cosby reminiscing about it Bradley.
It Bradley, giving you the nickname. He gave himself a nickname, Teddy.
Isn't he annoying yourself, Bill Cosby? I love that Bradley, but Bill Cosby, I can't live without.
College made of his who would graduate in 64.
And he is so lame, man, so lame.
But you know something, it all comes back to one word. You know, like the finish day, like the Icelandic say, Mausel.
Oh, everybody.
Yeah, he got some luck, man. That's what it's all. And don't forget what they said in MaggiPoen, I'd rather be lucky than good.
It works out for him.
So even the picky Miguel like that movie, I don't know what would be not to like.
Of course, the fact that Scarlett Johansson was running around naked in part of the movie, that couldn't hurt.
That's a 10 right there. No, I wish she was running around a little naked.
Yeah, not a little bit.
Not enough. I mean, the need for more there, you know.
In Hostile, there was maybe a little bit too much gratuitous boobies, which it all got to be pretty much the same after a while.
And in MaggiPoen, there was enough boobies.
And certainly there wasn't enough male nudity either, which, you know, that's beside the point.
He walked around his underwear at one point, but we only saw him while we didn't see nothing.
Yeah, we don't need that, you know, just.
No, not for bad. We should see male nudity. That would be real bad, because only women and...
You ferry!
Queens would want to see that.
You could see my wallpaper here, my desktop. You'd say, oh, what a queen.
Well, I mean, I didn't know that it was going to pop up like that. You know what I'm saying? But it popped up.
It was like 15 Brady Quinn's Starknickend. Well, almost. What pop up?
So Bob Herbert writes in the New York Times, oh, I don't have time for that right now. We got to do the break.
Wow, time has getting away from his man. It's almost Thanksgiving.
Like I said, I don't think I'm going to do that corny pull-up. Do you think so? That's bad.
Yeah, that's pretty cheesy.
And, you know, not one person.
Now, when did they open? Was it last Monday or Tuesday? It was one day last week.
When Gulfstream opened up the casino with the first real slot machines,
and we're a little bit on the news and in the papers about it and know, oh, the world's going to come to an end.
And they got the real one-arm bandits, et cetera.
We haven't had one facts, one telegram, one anything about, for anybody who's been there.
And I can't believe that you guys have been there since you're both regular visitors of the Hard Rock Cafe.
Yes. Well, it's probably a little better over there at the Hard Rock. I'm just taking a guess, though.
Well, how do you know that unless you've been there? Why would you say that?
Well, because I'm not really into playing slots.
So I go out to the Hard Rock to hit the bars.
Yeah, hit the bars. Who's for, we know what, yeah.
Well, there's a lot of nice, Hornial ladies over there at Gulfstream.
The biggest name of West talent.
Look at all this wheel Rogers, Force Radio 560, U-A-M.
The season pays off.
Well, everybody's ahead about the bed.
The bed, bed, bed. The bed is the window.
When the bed, bed, bed. The bed is the way.
What's the hell is that? It's a turkey.
Bring in the turkey.
You know why people in this country get fast?
Thanks.
You do.
A big fat turkey.
You ain't cool being no child.
So close to face. Just quick. Go.
And set your turkey free.
This is a birdie.
When the bird is the way.
When the bed, bed, bed. The bed is the way.
When the bed, bed, bed. The bed is the way.
When the bird is the way.
When the bed, bed, bed. The bed is the way.
Excuse me, need your turkey for a play.
Why is there a Thanksgiving in summer, Canada?
What do you mean you're supposed to serve four or five two-
five two-
and don't forget the right spot.
What kind of turkey are you looking for?
A Scotland.
That can do trick.
Yeah, turkey to keep tripping.
Yeah, that can't be tough.
Thanks.
Give me a gun.
And we're flimping off.
It's supposed to be the big finale with a turkey jump through the ring of fire.
Don't shoot now.
It's a bad way.
Well, everybody knows what the bird is.
It's a way.
No one's a bird.
It's a bad way to look at the way.
A man, a man, a man, a man, a man.
A holiday of death, man.
How the hell is that?
Hard attack on a plate.
I mean, the turkey itself is fine.
You know, low carbs.
No carbs.
Right?
Right.
But then all the accoutrements like the stuffing is pure carbs.
And then the acranberries is like pure sugar on a plate, you know.
Got me.
Some other gravy on the rice.
Yeah, and of course that heavy-duty gravy that will oil your clog your arteries.
But it's, you know, don't overdo it.
That's my suggestion to you.
Oh, I'll go.
You will.
You all will.
I love that promo we just had on last break.
Big time Collins football talk.
I'm almost compelled myself to tune in.
You know what to come in here and open up the pot.
Or maybe smoke.
I mean, listen to it.
Huh?
Are you?
Beat, no.
Big time Collins football talk.
Isn't that, wouldn't that make you tune it in whatever the show was?
Not just regular Collins football talk, but big time Collins football talk.
Not just your pedestrian crap with a bunch of yutzes out there to wear a jock strap some time 20 years ago.
No, big time Collins football talk.
Right.
It makes me want to cry.
It makes me want to sit in the corner like little jack corner, stick my thumb in my...
Rectomy.
...ass and just cry like a baby.
Cry like a baby by the box tops.
I bet you got that in there, but you won't play it.
Got it?
Search it.
It was not a dark...
How about searching by the coasters?
Been searching that's on ad co records.
A cry like a baby was on like some dark blue label, but I can't remember the label.
What a shame.
That's back in the days when we had records.
There it is.
Box tops 1969 is my best guess.
Anything that could be on maybe a movie.
I wish I'd bought the goal of the game.
Does it say what year?
No.
Well, I bid in.
Former Attorney General Janet Reno and seven other former justice tomorrow in officials filed court papers yesterday arguing that the Bush administration is setting a dangerous precedent.
He is a dangerous president by trying a suspected terrorist outside the court system.
It was the first time that Reno, the Attorney General, to Clinton administration, has spoken out against the administration's policies on terrorism detainees,
underscoring how contentious the court fight over the nation's new military commissions law has become.
Former Attorney General, see the big old game with a poor crap, always the other thing that I didn't like the plural, oh, courts martial.
Former Attorney General, really filed court papers challenging administration policy.
Suspected Al-Kaeda sleeper agent Ali Salakala Omari, and what if he's akin to Olinda Mari, is the only detainee being held in the US?
Yes.
My day.
Now, who was it that went to school?
It was Joe Castella went to high school with Olinda Mari, said he's hung like a food fly.
What?
Okay.
That's what he said.
Is that right?
Well, something like that.
I mean, it's slight exaggeration.
The former prosecutor's challenge suggested departments right to bring Al-Made before the military commission.
A citizen of gutter, which used to be Qatar, and it used to be something else, was arrested in 2001 while studying in the US.
He had faced criminal charges until authorities designated him as an enemy combatant in order to be able to enable based in South Carolina.
Nothing would be finer than to be held in South Carolina.
In fact, to me, I think South Carolina, I think of that just like Slovakia, torture.
The Justice Department said in court papers last week that a new anti-terrorism law strips detainees such as Al-Made of the right to challenge their imprisonment in court.
The government is essentially asserting the right to opputed the enemy combatants arrested in the US indefinitely whenever it decides not to prosecute these people criminally.
Perhaps because it would be too difficult to obtain a conviction, perhaps because a motion to suppress evidence would raise embarrassing facts about the government's conduct or perhaps for other reasons, Janet Reno be saying.
I wonder if she was on a way to Sister Jean's house when she issued this statement.
Remember Sister Jean that answered the machine?
No.
Sub-Logged, Benjamin Gell of my sister Jean because that was part of the A Leon saga baby where we were embroiled in that up to our armpits.
We were heavy duty. We had A Leon up to our earlobes.
That's how I know of it.
Now why I know of it?
I know.
The Dance in Machine. In fact, I think it was the Sister Jean house.
That's when the appraisalist came there where like squeezing A Leon's private.
Isn't that what that was going on? I think so. In public.
Some of the eight attorneys named I'm going to play in the next break so just relax because I have the edited version.
I probably don't.
I do.
Some of the eight attorneys named in the document are now in private practice and represent detainees at the Military Basin Gitmo in Cuba.
Oh, here's a story from Gell that represent the detainees in Cuba, but in Gitmo.
Most served under President Clinton, the list includes former US attorneys W. Thomas Dillard and Anton Valucus who served under President Reagan.
The existing criminal justice system is more than up to the task of prosecuting and bringing to justice.
Those who plan to attempt terrorist acts within the US without sacrificing any of the rights and protections that have been the hallmarks of the American legal system for more than 200 years the attorneys be right.
And there's bubble right there for moral service.
We said that Bradley's funeral. What's he doing there at Bradley's funeral?
Well, I guess after your president, you know, and you go to a lot of funerals.
Yeah, just that Jimmy Buffett singing at it.
What was he singing? He burger and paradise?
Probably.
The Almaty matter is before the fourth US Circuit Court of Appeals in Richmond, Virginia, and is one of three appeals court cases.
You know, you can't complain about Jimmy Buffett's talent. You want to know why?
Why?
Because he doesn't have any.
He is lame, Jimmy Buffett.
Cheeseburger and paradise, my ass. He is weak.
There we go.
Okay, I guess I'm going to have a story. What's Bubba's story?
Three to 60 minutes.
I watched his hair migrate from gray to black, from long to short to shade.
I didn't know what I thought about the earring, but Hillary liked the hair changes.
Throughout this whole migration, I was learning.
Okay, well, that's good. I'm glad you're here.
We love Bubba, but he sounds like he just crawled over the sack.
Doesn't he sound like a little office feed today?
They fell asleep there.
Yeah, coma inducing.
We can't afford, you know, because this is a high priced radio show.
We can't afford to have like stuff like that.
That's right.
Power.
830 on the pole.
I think we're going to make that thousand a day, dammit.
You know, when I sat down here at about 820 this morning, long before you showed up, by the way, when I sat down here at 820,
don't feel like you got to come in there early. There's no point to it.
Don't worry.
You won't.
We had like not even 400 votes on the pole.
Thanks to Eric's tardiness yesterday. Thanks to his little technical difficulty.
Okay. We don't want to pick on Eric or his lovely wife or anything like that, but they scoot up bad.
What do you feel most guilty about 830 votes?
And most of us say nothing.
I'm glad to see that.
That's a good sign of good mental health, right?
Josh voted nothing.
I voted nothing and 404 people voted nothing, including 402 others.
48.5% almost half of this audience feels guilty about nothing.
Maybe we're out of all sweat on there. The stupid calls they made to the show.
But that's just I'm just thinking out loud. We're not going to put it on there.
You know what I'm saying?
They ought to feel real guilty about them.
Do you feel guilty about not taking calls?
Absolutely.
No.
No.
Drinking too much, 188.
Oh, I could take a call or two. Let's see.
Let me look at the, because I never turn this damn thing on.
And this monitor is going to last a long time now as a result of this.
I could punch up a line right here.
There will be anybody on the seat.
There we go. That's it.
Neil took a call today, marked down. Tell the kids in school.
Drinking too much, 189. Cheating on my sponsor partner 94.
And believe me, there's a lot more than 11% of the audience cheating on their sponsor partner.
Believe me when I tell you.
Josh.
Huh?
I hate this poll 83.
Over under 10% again 9.9.
Thank the Lord. I'm going to get my knees into a Muslim prayer during the break when I send another facts to Eric.
Not. I voted for Bush 36.
Those are the people that are really out of field guilty.
Although we don't have that many Bush people in our audience.
Maybe that's all of them. And they all feel guilty.
Like they're going to burn and hell.
I never vote for a teen. They feel guilty about that.
And cheating on my taxes only 14.
Probably 95% of the audience does that.
But only 14 feel guilty about it.
The biggest thing I don't plan on.
Best talent to the fastest meal rogers.
Forged radio 560.
You A.M.
Do you want to buy?
I'm done.
Absolutely.
Oh!
Step boy Latoya.
With your tell all book.
Exposing the Jackson family.
You're a cook.
But naked and playboy.
You beard all for some cash.
You're more suited for the inquire girl.
You're trash.
All the dirt on all the Jackson's you tell.
Michael and his monkey juicy style.
With all his weirdness you make my signal normal.
Girl just shut up.
Step boy Latoya.
Tell him lesson lame.
Trying to make a sleazy book of your family's name.
Oh, right.
Forty-go-doh, Mad Dog.
They're the Curtis for the Mad Dog.
Is that just because he's taken this week off?
Or because he's still in mourning for Bo Schembeckler?
And go to the funeral?
Or just because it's Thanksgiving?
Or all of the above?
All of the above.
Okay.
Don't forget, Josh won't be here on Friday.
George is on vacation all week, including Friday.
So it'll be me and Miguel on Friday,
which basically means Miguel's playing the spots.
And Robert Walker.
No.
I killed that part.
A big new pardon?
Rob Walker will be in here.
No, you won't.
For what?
Well, he was going to play the spots.
What are you talking about?
We're just playing bits on Friday.
That's why he's not coming in.
Good.
Who the hell's Rob Walker?
He runs the board.
Some stranger off the street he brought into.
That clearance man, he's doing it.
He is really on top of it.
Worried not.
851 votes on the pool.
We're going to have a thousand of them today.
Wow.
I bet your kids in school are going to be writing it on the
tea room walls in crayon.
They're talking about it at the water cooler here.
I wouldn't be surprised if they've been over the water cooler.
Not talking about it.
Just been over.
Wait till you hear this.
This will make you bend over when you hear this.
Google has the stock price.
Your past $500 for the first time today.
Marking another milestone in the rapid rise that is
Canapal to the Internet search leader into the corporate elite.
Google.
$500 a share.
Can you believe that?
You want to buy some?
No.
You can get it for me.
Continuing a recent surge driven by Wall Street's high
expectations for the company.
Google shares rose $9.67 or nearly 2% to 504.72
in morning trading on the NASDAQ.
$504.72.
They left Google with a market value of about $154 billion.
Just eight years after former Stanford graduate students
Larry Page and Sergei Brin started the business in a Silicon
Valley garage in a garage.
They started and that's worth $154 billion.
The Mountain View based company is now Silicon Valley's most
valuable business, eclipsing likes of Intel, the world's largest
computer chip maker, and Hewlett Packard, a high tech pioneer
that also famously started in a garage 67 years ago.
It's just amazing what you can whip up in the garage, you know what?
Google's remarkable success has minted Page and Brinbo 33 as
multibody and air is along with their handpicked Chief Executive Eric
Schmidt.
That's no Schmidt.
Hundreds of other Google employees are millionaires because so many
investors want to own a piece of a company that's become the Internet's most
powerful financial force while building a brand so ingrained in society that's
become part of the English language.
We're Googling it right now.
Except of course for Larry King, he don't know how to press the buttons.
Doesn't that make you just want to cry?
Not right now.
See, that's old.
That is really old.
I mean, I'm old but at least, you know, compared to Larry, I'm a hipster and I'm about
a square as a cardboard box and I have been all my life and I'm proud of it.
Hey, at least you don't wear suspenders.
No.
Or a bag yet.
It takes slightly more than a year for Google shares to travel from 400 to 500 bucks
to stocks, longest journey from one major milestone to the next ends of the company
priced its initial pubic offering at 85 bucks August 2004.
I'm going to start Googling stuff during the breaks just, you know, just make sure
that it's well worth the money.
Google here, Rogers.
There's not much on there.
The shares top to 100 bucks on the front.
Like WNZ seeks to have tacos removed from the air and then of course the thing about
cats and heros in the plane and basically that's it.
Although there's a lot of links to our website.
Thank God.
Where we have 857 votes under these very weak pool.
I'm going to work on a really good one for tomorrow.
You do that.
That's my Tuesday resolution just a couple days before Thanksgiving.
I'm going to go today, you find a real good pool.
You can do that.
Oh, I'm going to.
I'm just I'm determined to do it right now.
I just made up my mind.
You know, I'm going to find me a really good pool.
In fact, I'm looking at that, that would desktop right now.
That's almost pornographic.
You know, I mean, there's nobody naked on there, anything.
But he looks so damn good.
It's almost pornographic.
Although I'll tell you, he, faithfully, he at times he looks like a real goofball, you know, Brady.
Hey, he looks like a chipmunk to me personally, but.
Ever had sex with the chipmunk?
No, don't not get that.
Anyway, let's see.
The shares top to 100 bucks on their first day trading on the Nasdaq then crossed $200 less than $3,000.
He once broke through 300 bucks and other seven months later in June 2004 and broke $400 on November 17 last year.
So it took about a year before they went from 400 to 500 bucks.
The latest spurt of optimism appeared to reflect.
Oh, speaking of spurt, don't forget, market down December 22nd.
Everybody has to have at least one orgasm.
It may be several.
The latest spurt of optimism appeared to reflect and believe that Google will quickly, you know, it's a good thing for those kids in the movie and that hostel that they were all getting a lot of action before they wind up meeting their maker, you know.
Yeah.
At least they all had a dad with a smile on their face.
In fact, they were going through a lot of agony in that chair.
A lot of angst in the chair, man.
A lot of screaming and puking.
That one review on her where she says, oh, you know, I didn't really like the movie, but that guy, at least the puking, was good there at the end.
You know, thank him for putting all the puking in there.
Well, what's good about the puking?
What kind of person?
And how did you like when he put the rubber ball in his mouth in J. Hernandez mouth there?
And then he pulled it out and blew that like all over the, wow.
He shot that crap all over the place.
The latest spurt of optimism appeared to reflect and believe that Google will, and they were all puking green, too.
You know, is that green in like a fluorescent orange or something in there?
I don't remember that part.
What the hell were they eating in that movie?
Maybe they saw the exorcist too many times.
And I would agree with it, especially compared to this movie as a real comedy.
It's a lafer.
It's a panic.
Everything is relative to the times in which it is.
Like when Dracula came out in 1932, I'm sure it was very scary to a lot of people.
And as much as I love the movie, I would not say there's not one scary moment in there.
You know?
No.
But it's great.
The latest spurt appeared to reflect and believe that Google will quickly induce ways to mind more online advertising.
We have a new format just completed 1.65 billion on acquisition of you.
Tube!
Inc.
Google used its stock to finance that deal.
Google currently has made most of its money selling pre-written ads that are posted alongside search results and other online content.
But management believes it can mind even bigger profits by expanding into video and delivering more messages to mobile computing devices.
See, if they really are making money selling those little written ads that appear next to the search results, then they're stealing.
You know, because do you guys ever look at any of those ads?
No.
No.
You don't have to why?
In fact, I don't look at any ads online.
I just can't stand them.
And when you go to some of these websites where you have to close, like some of the news websites that I have to deal with every day, I don't want to start complaining or anything like that.
But I'll complain anyway.
And you have to go through like a close a whole bunch of ads before you finally even get to the main page there and start finding out what you're looking for.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
I don't like it.
I don't want to see some unsolicited stupid ass ad, okay?
I want to see whatever you've got on there for free.
Stick it on there, you know?
You know, some of the sites you send me for stories has a couple pop-ups.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, if you were using Firefox, you wouldn't have any pop-ups.
I do use Firefox.
And you still get pop-ups?
Yes.
Capital hell blew.
Oh, wow.
But no big deal.
Analysts on average predict Google will earn $13.70 per share next year, leaving the company's PE at about 37.
By comparison, the PE of Microsoft, the world's most prized technology company with a market value of nearly 300 billion, is about 21, based on Analyst 2007 earnings predictions.
Google's relatively high PE hasn't faced several analysts who have already predicted the company's stock price.
We'll hit 600 bucks a share within the next year.
Oh, listen, between the two of you guys, maybe you can like, scratch up enough chains today to buy half a share.
What do you think?
Unlikely.
865.
What did I say we need 850 by the top of the hour by the time a little hand hit the big hand?
And it got to be noon.
I said we need 850.
And we got 868.
Pretty good analization, huh?
Not too bad.
I don't know how the hell I do that.
Like when I go into a supermarket, I've done it many, many times.
And I'll have, you know, like a card with a few items in there.
I don't go in by like $100 with a grocery.
I have to be a shrunk to do that because I eat it all on the same day.
But I'm pretty good at estimating.
You know what I'm saying?
In other words, like I'll pull out 30 bucks.
And it'll be like 28, 75.
It's, I don't know how I do that.
I got to say I have that gift as well.
Well, how do you like that?
Yes, maybe we're just both good with numbers.
You know what I'm saying?
There's nothing like a good number.
868, that's the number on the pool.
What do you feel most guilty about?
Nothing, 48%, 417.
They feel guilty about nothing.
There's nothing wrong with that.
Don't feel guilty.
Guilt isn't a horrendous thing.
You know, unless you've done something really, really evil, you know, like hurt somebody, injured somebody,
run over a little dog or something like that.
When you feel guilty about that?
Yes, terrible.
Really bad.
And that's one of the great things about not driving anymore.
But except when I'm there, you know, those rare occasions when I'm there.
And I drive to Pompe no Park or I drive to the bank or I drive to Walgreens to get my prescriptions filled.
That's about it.
Don't you miss driving those corvettes, Neil?
No.
Don't you miss driving in Florida?
No.
Absolutely not.
Don't you miss being in Florida?
No.
No.
Nothing, 477.
What are you chuckling about?
Don't you miss being a QAM and all the wonderful people there?
No.
Not in the least bit.
And you notice, here we are.
You understand it's almost five years later?
Maybe I'm exaggerating.
Not like four and a half.
And this studio just doesn't go down.
We have no downtime.
A couple of times we had like power fading right into the show on the phone.
Remember those days?
Yeah.
I did a big chunk of the phone on the show and the show on the phone.
But at least the show continues going on.
We don't have the outage kind of situation.
And that's because there's nobody in here as Josh would say,
pochking around with stuff.
The biggest name, stuff.
Mel is a condom.
Another car is his little coron.
One of them.
And the fourth radio is my fourth radio.
And the third radio is my fourth radio.
And the third radio is my fourth radio.
And the third radio is my fourth radio.
And the third radio is my fourth radio.
And the third radio is my fourth radio.
And the third radio is my fourth radio.
And the third radio is my fourth radio.
And the third radio is my fourth radio.
And the third radio is my fourth radio.
And the third radio is my fourth radio.
And the third radio is my fourth radio.
And the third radio is my fourth radio.
And the third radio is my fourth radio.
And the third radio is my fourth radio.
And the third radio is my fourth radio.
And the third radio is my fourth radio.
And the third radio is my fourth radio.
And the third radio is my fourth radio.
And the third radio is my fourth radio.
And the third radio is my fourth radio.
And the third radio is my fourth radio.
And the third radio is my fourth radio.
And the third radio is my fourth radio.
And the third radio is my fourth radio.
And the third radio is my fourth radio.
And the third radio is my fourth radio.
And the third radio is my fourth radio.
And the third radio is my fourth radio.
Provo 205 60 W and there's a good point that one of the critics, I.M.D.B. wrote in critiquing
hostile, that is an Amsterdam or anywhere in Holland.
You all find people speaking German.
The locals don't speak German.
I just mentioned that in passing.
In fact, locals are highly offended if you speak.
They hate to Germans like poison.
The Dutch.
Of course, who the hell are they to be hating anybody when you come right down to it?
The Dutch are the cheapest people in the world make no mistake about it.
When you go to Amsterdam, just keep that in mind.
Sure.
Don't tell me Josh is out of the room doing a piece of you.
No, I'm here.
Oh, he was just, I just found the press that you wanted was going.
I thought you were on a way.
No.
Oh.
I think after seeing that movie, you might have a little reason to take pause or two.
Israeli troops and tanks push deep into the Gaza Strip in two separate raids today,
clashing with Palestinian gunmen in Gaza City, local residents and witnesses said.
A column of about 30 tanks.
About 30 men.
And it created the heart of Gaza City and ended the Zaitoon District, a known militant stronghold they said.
Residents said there were no reports of any casualties,
what appeared to be the most intensive Israeli ground force raid into Gaza City since Israel launched an offensive in June after a militant captured in Israeli soldier in a cross-border raid.
A smaller force raid at Betlahia, northern Gaza,
has a striven area more frequently targeted by Israeli forces and their attempts to stop militants from firing rockets into the Jewish state.
And Israeli military spokesman confirmed ground troops were operating in the Gaza Strip,
gave an air for the details.
How do you like to have Thanksgiving dinner at Gary Sarner's house where everything will be kosher, huh?
I'm all set.
Wouldn't that be good?
Everything in the turkey is kosher.
I'm sure blessed by the Rebbe.
Israel has killed more than 320 Palestinians and Gaza about half of the civilians since it began its offensive.
Sounds pretty offensive to me.
Israel's increased raids in northern Gaza since a Palestinian rocket strike last Wednesday killed an Israeli woman and seriously wounded a man in the town of Stair Rout.
Defense Minister Amir Parrot said on Monday Israel would carry on fighting relatives who fired rockets in Israel from Gaza,
but there were no plans to reoccupy the coastal territory, the Jewish state quit last year.
They say Jewish in the article one more time, I'm going to look at John Bolton on there and puked my guts out.
The assassination?
Oh my god, take a look at that.
I mean, anybody with a mustache like that, you know it's a crazy person, am I right?
Crazy.
Oh yeah!
No doubt.
It's a white Hitler.
Yeah, there you go.
I'm looking at the way he's got that hair combed down over that right side of his head just like Adolf.
891 votes.
We're going to have 900 by the time we do the next break and I send another faxed Eric not.
I should just start playing with his brain and keep telling him, hey Eric are you getting those faxes?
That would be bad though.
Because then when I faxed him the pole he'll say, oh I told you I wasn't getting any of your faxes or some smart ass answer like that.
Got to come up with a really, really fantastic pole idea for tomorrow and then what do we do?
We leave it up the same one for Thursday for Thanksgiving Day or what?
I will just leave it up the whole rest of the weekend.
Oh, fantastic.
You are so lazy, it's just unbelievable, so schlock.
Oh, that fits in with QA and that's our idea.
That's how we do it.
Schlock.
That's why clearance is the program director because he's like walking schlock.
If you look up schlock and if you Google schlock you'll find clearance is a push next to it.
Michael Richards said yesterday that he spewed racial efforts during a stand-up comedy routine.
See this is in my pile.
I'm going to ignore the fact that you kept playing clips to that before.
I'll just ignore it.
We haven't live by satellite.
Michael Richards said yesterday that he spewed racial efforts during a stand-up comedy routine
because he lost his cool while being heckled and not because he's a bigot.
Right.
For me to be at a comedy club and flip out and say this crap, I'm deeply, deeply sorry the former Seinfeld co-star
said during a satellite appearance on Letterman's late show last night which Miguel actually watched.
I did.
I was watching hostile and you were watching Letterman.
I didn't really watch hostile.
There are a lot of blood.
I'm not a racist.
That's what someone said about this Richard said.
See anybody who tells you that they're not a racist?
Do you know what they are?
Racist?
Yes.
His tone became angry and frustrated as he defended himself and a clip from the show played on CBS
before late show aired Monday night.
Oh, let's hear a little bit of it.
You want the rant or the letterman?
No, the apology.
We haven't live by satellite.
Yes, sir.
This should be Michael Richards.
Michael, are you there?
Yeah.
I'm Michael Walker.
Okay, that's enough.
I said a little bit.
I don't even know who the hell he is.
Don't you understand?
Cosmo Pramer, come on.
I don't care about that.
Richards described himself as going into a rage over the two audience members who interrupted
his act Friday at the last factory in West Hollywood.
He responded to the black tech players with repeated use of the inward and profanities.
And one thing about America, you can't use the inward or at least you have to lie and pretend
that you don't use it.
Even though everybody uses it all the time, but you have to pretend that you don't.
Jerry Seinfeld, who had issued a statement saying he was sick over this horrible, horrible
mistake and calling it offensive.
With scheduled as a guest last night, he encouraged Richards to make a satellite appearance
talk about the incident.
So he was on there, Jerry?
Yes, he was the actual guest.
And he's the one who had a creamer come on.
And did he say he was sick over the incident?
Did he poop?
A green puke all over the stage and everything?
No.
Oh, it couldn't have been too sick then.
I'm sure Michael is also sick over this horrible, horrible mistake.
It's so extremely offensive.
I feel terrible for all the people who have been offended.
Jerry Seinfeld, who cares?
Talk about old news.
How do you know I'm going to die down with a f***ing?
Talk about old news, man.
Ancient history, older than Methusla, older than Rick Shaw.
Or can you believe he's 68 years old?
That's what it says.
And who the hell was just on that thing we had before?
He said, oh, is some spot we played in Chris Everett.
He said, I'm 51 years old.
Doesn't that make you feel when somebody
famous that you kind of grew up with?
And they say, well, I'm 51.
I'm 75 years old.
Oh, my God.
Or you see some movie star or starlet
that you grew up with the Southern movies when you were a kid.
And other like 90 years old, and you haven't seen them in 40 years.
And they look like they did.
Like one step away from death.
Doesn't that make you feel a little bit old?
Not yet.
Not for him.
Yet it will.
I'll tell you right now it will one day.
When you're watching your TV screen one of these days,
and what's your name comes on there?
Scarlett Johansson.
And she says, oh, I just celebrated my 80th birthday.
You're going to feel like a whole heart.
Talk about sagging.
Whoa.
But I'm telling you, there are a lot of horny old ladies
that are accustomed just waiting for a fine young man like you.
Sugar mamas.
No.
You got the mamma part, right?
899.
How come we're slowing down to a crawl now?
I think everybody voted.
I thought we'd have 900 by the time we went over the break.
They're coming in one at a time now, 895.
One every about every two minutes.
Are there up the waiting for that?
Waiting for that great poll tomorrow.
Yeah, aren't we all waiting for the great poll?
I'm waiting for a great poll on Thanksgiving.
I have something really to be thankful for.
Anyway, that whole Thanksgiving thing, you know?
Leave it to the pilgrims to come on board some cockamommy
idea.
Let's go kill a bunch of turkeys in the yadda yadda yadda.
It's like when you see these movies or things on TV
where they're sitting around the table.
And before they start eating, they all have to say
the obligatory prayer, you know?
Oh, Jesus.
Jesus.
That's what they generally say.
That's what they generally say.
Well, we want to thank the Lord for this wonderful repast.
And you know, meanwhile, mama, maybe the worst cook
that ever came down the pike, she may cook slop, you know,
that make you just jones for a decent grand slam at Denny's
or something.
But we're supposed to be thankful that mama put this slop
on the table and everybody's got to sit around.
Thank you Lord about all this crap, man.
What kind of families are those?
I sure hope that never happened in your family.
Well, certainly it didn't in McGill,
because they weren't speaking English.
Come on.
Yeah.
Perry.
I know I got that in here, but I have no idea.
Now, maybe it's under Perry, come on.
Think there it is.
All right.
Come on.
Find a wee land.
It goes round, round, round.
See, there's another guy.
He was a barber in Pennsylvania somewhere,
and all of a sudden he became a singer and a star.
And that's because his name ended in a vowel.
906 votes on the pool.
Something happened there on our website.
I don't know what the hell I was.
Like it had a like a momentary fart or something.
Oh, sorry, Joyce.
But I think our pool took like a momentary a dump
because it was like, it just frozen there for a second or two.
You know what I mean?
Frozen.
Yes.
Maybe I'll have a frozen TV, a turkey dinner for Thanksgiving.
You.
It's not Thanksgiving here Thursday.
We already had Canadian Thanksgiving's long since gone,
back early in October.
You didn't eat in Turkey, right?
No, I did not.
You mean a Canadian Thanksgiving?
That's right.
No.
Now, one time, I think it was about two years ago,
there was an area restaurant that was sending flyers out
in the mail to everybody lived in the area.
And they had like a whole Thanksgiving dinner
with a turkey and the whole deal.
Nice.
And so my good friend and I decided that we would partake
and a whole deal.
And I ordered it and man, did that make me sick?
Oh, God did I eat.
See, that's the problem with Thanksgiving.
Why the hell celebrate it if you're not going to eat like a pig
and then make yourself really sick?
Well, that is Thanksgiving, just stuffing your face.
Yes, that's what the stuffing part is all about.
Having some good stuffing and stuffing your face
to just sick and puke in your gut's eye.
Like maybe you just saw hospital again.
I still can't believe that there's such queasy people.
Well, there are.
There are people who can't even take a hair and their blood draw.
A Todd Dekker's head and needles.
Like me.
Yeah, a little like really.
Yeah.
And it's not that it hurts.
I just, I happen to faint.
You faint?
I keep you voice.
When I give blood, I don't know.
I just, I just, whatever.
It doesn't hurt.
I just, I wake up like a couple seconds later.
You fairy.
Holy cow.
I don't know what to say.
That is really, you know what I'm saying?
I think that reminds me of my little dog.
I would take him to the vet, you know, every year he had to get shots.
And with dogs, they put the needle in the back.
Yeah.
Not in the ass, but like in the back.
What do you know?
And the vet, she would, she would stick the needle in there
and he'd be standing there very quietly.
And then when she would take it out, then he would say,
man, after she already took the damn thing out.
Well, it can't possibly hurt by that point, can it?
Like five seconds after she took the needle out?
Of course not.
Delayed reaction.
Just like you, a little infant, overgrown child, very sad.
So you fainted the sight of a needle?
I'm not at the sight of it when I, when I give, when I actually give the blood.
When I actually stick it in there.
Yeah, I don't know what happens, but, uh, so it goes.
It's not a good idea to pass out when they stick it in.
The biggest name, the best talent, the disease is Mio Rogers.
4th radio, 560, U-A-L.
4th radio, 565.
There is a jammer girl that always suits you to my mind.
It seems to happen each year right about face giving time.
It isn't part of track or even LSD.
It comes right out of the turkey.
Yeah.
If I'm not careful, it will happen really soon.
My head is bobbing and it just fell on the gravy school.
Just a quick cat nap, I promise not to snore.
Wake me up by 4 and I'll have more.
If I can tie it, it's all because of LSD.
Can't keep my eyes open, we'll be watching bass in Toyland.
I lay on the couch and in a short time I'll be right.
I sleep tonight.
I got a really good pull for tomorrow.
I just need four thanks for giving me the really corny and, uh, timely.
What is it?
I'm reaching back here for some crap, just relaxed.
Got a celebrity death.
What kind of a celebrity?
Uh, favorite food on Thanksgiving.
Favorite, uh, thing on the table.
Favorite dish?
Favorite dish.
Robert Altman's dead.
And he would be?
I know that name, I think.
The caustic and a reverend satirist behind MASH, Nashville and the player,
who made a career out of Bucking Hollywood Management and Story Conventions,
died in LA Hospital at San Castle Fire Productions Company,
said that he was 81.
The director died last night.
Caution death wasn't disclosed.
News release expected leader today.
A five-time Academy Award nominee for Best Director.
Most recently for 2001's God's Ferd Park,
he finally won a lifetime achievement Oscar this year.
And then the good thing he did, because now he's dead.
See? Just in time in the nicotine.
No other filmmakers got in a better shape than I have,
Altman, so while accepting the award, I'm very fortunate for my career.
I've never had a director film I didn't choose to develop.
My love for filmmaking is given me an entreat of the world under the human condition.
And now he's dead.
Altman had one of the most distinct, I'll tell you one thing,
he was Noah Eli North.
Roth, whatever his name is, Eli Roth.
He was no Peter North.
Altman had one of the most distinctly of stars among modern filmmakers.
He often employed huge ensemble cast,
encouraged improvisation and overlapping dialogue,
and filmed scenes in long tracking shots that would flip from character to character.
Perpetually in and out of favor with audiences and critics,
Altman worked ceaselessly since his anti-war black comedy mash,
established his reputation in 1970,
but he would go for years at a time directing obscure movies before rowing back with a big hit.
After a string of commercial duds including the gingerbread man in 1998,
cookies fortune in 1999,
see that common thread seems to be developing there,
gingerbread and cookies, see it?
Yummy.
And Dr. T and the woman in 2000,
Altman took his All-American citizens into Britain for 2001's God's-Ford Park,
but I was really some kind of afflicted in the sea.
You see it?
No.
What though was that?
It was about a park.
A combination murder mystery and class war satire set amongst
snobbish socialites and their servants on an English estate in the 30s,
kind of like a match point a little bit.
God's-Ford Park was Altman's biggest box office success since MASH.
Besides Best Director of God's-Ford Park,
we're in six other Oscar nominations including Best Screenplay
and Best Reporting Actress for both Helen Mirren and Maggie Smith.
The one original screenplay Oscar Altman took the best director prize at the Golden Globes for God's-Ford Park.
His other best director nominees came from MASH,
the country music saga Nashville from 75,
the movie Business Satellite Tired their Player from 92,
and the ensemble character study Shortcuts from 93.
No director ever got more Best Director nominations without winning a regular Oscar,
though four other men Alfred Hitchcock, Martin Scorsese,
Clarence Brown and King Vidor, who the hell's that?
He's the king.
Tied with... and I'm the queen.
Tied with Altman at five.
It may Altman brought out a Prairie Home Companion with gyrism killers
during his the announcer of a folksy music show
with the same name as Kilos' own long-running show,
about to be shut down by new owners.
Among those in the cast were Merrill Streep,
Lily Tomlin, Kevin Klein, Woody Helson, and Tommy Lee Jones.
The film is about death.
Altman said it may third news conference in St. Paul, Minnesota.
Also attended by Kieler made the movie Start.
It's a film about death like a hostel.
It's a film about death.
Nasty, painful, horrible death.
Blood and guts.
He often took on Hollywood genres with a revisionist ID,
romanticizing the Western hero in 1971.
McCabe and Mrs. Miller was about
Least Offenceman Brian McCabe.
In 1976's Buffalo Bill on the Indians
are a sitting bull's history lesson.
The film noir gum shoe in 1973 is the long goodbye
and outlaw gangsters and thieves like us.
You know, I never heard of almost any of these movies.
You're nothing but a whiner.
I'm out of touch.
Yeah, you better catch up.
And I hated mash.
You know, if you thought I was out of touch with Seinfeld,
I hated mash.
I'm with you.
He flies to...
Ooh.
Mash was Altman's first big success
after years directing TV,
commercials and despeel films,
and generally unremarkable feature films.
The film starring Donald Sutherland,
Elliott Gould, was set during the Korean War,
but was Altman's thinly-veiled attack on US involvement in Vietnam.
And it goes on.
But the film's brought along running TV sitcom,
starring Alan Alda, a show often referred to with this taste
as that series.
Unlike the social missions of the film,
the series was prompted by greed Altman said.
They made millions and millions of dollars
by bringing Asian war into Americans homes every Sunday,
90, said in 2001.
I thought that was the worst taste.
He also never meant words about reproaching Hollywood
after the 9-11 attacks he said Hollywood served as a source
for inspiration for the terrorists by making violent action movies
that amounted to training films for such attacks.
Oh, give me a break.
Your mama.
Oh, there it is.
Award Justice here.
Robert Altman did.
See you down, CNN.
I beat him.
Nobody would have thought to commit an atrocity like that
unless they'd seen it in the movie, he said.
Oh, brother.
He was written off repeatedly by the Hollywood establishment,
I'm beginning to understand why.
And his reputation for arrogance and hard drinking,
I have any eventually gave up,
hindered his efforts to raise money for his idiosyncratic films.
While critical of studio executives,
he had actors in the highest esteem,
he joked that on God's foot park,
he was there mainly to turn the lights on
and offer the performance.
Well, not great.
He's dead.
And he still know who he is, do you?
No.
Like you said, the name rings a bell,
but those movies, that list.
Whoa, man.
927 votes.
I have a feeling that we're going to be knocking on the door
of a thousand by the time we get to like 115,
or we'll be, I got that feeling.
I think you're wrong.
I think you're right.
Wouldn't be the first time I was wrong.
Like that whole business about that damn-noted name game.
That's right.
Do they play a merchant marine,
Coast Guard?
They played the Coast Guard.
That's it.
172 to zip.
Brady Quinn was zipping it.
I'd like to see him unzip it,
but that's beside the point.
That's discussing in grotesque.
And we don't want to hear all your fag talk on the radio.
Okay, it's unacceptable,
especially on a macho sports station like this one.
We don't want to hear about a faggy talk
about some hot guy who happens to be quoted back
for noted name, by the way.
That sounds like sports to me,
and takes a lot of showers naked with other guys.
That's right.
Just keep looking at your desktop.
I'm okay.
Let me get back to it.
We're the fagship stations.
Wow.
15 Brady Quinn's all there,
side by each.
Oh!
I want that big goofy smile on his face.
He looks like a goofball,
but nevertheless, a hot goofball.
Always like noted name,
did I?
Touchdown Jesus.
Can't stand him,
man.
That is the most obnoxious.
Steven Spielsberg,
I mean, wow,
since we just had that Hollywood story on her,
Steven Spielsberg urged TV networks to be mindful
of what they show on the air
because of the effect it might have on children,
and said programs like CSI and Heroes were too gruesome.
Oh.
I think right there in the family viewing hour
that I put hostile on,
just to piss him off.
I agree.
Today we're needing to be as responsible as we possibly can.
Not just thinking of our own children,
but our friends and neighbors children,
Spielberg, told an audience in New York,
and the International Emmys Board of Directors meeting.
Nobody hears from him no more.
He decried on air promotions for TV shows like CSI,
Crime Scene Investigation,
that showed blood,
and people being dissected.
He also said that when his favorite TV show,
The New Season NBC's Heroes,
showed somebody cut in half the 9 PM hour,
he sent his younger children out of the room.
I'm a parent who's very concerned,
he said, overdoing it's TV,
overdoing it.
Well, he did what he was supposed to do.
He sent them out of the room.
Jewish neurosis, it sounds like to me.
He said the TV landscape was much more homogenized 20 years ago,
even seven or eight years ago.
One of his shows,
ER, would have been on the air 20 years ago
because of its graphic depictions.
Two of Spielberg's movie,
Shindler's List,
which I have,
but I absolutely won't watch,
and saving Ryan's privates.
I've generated controversy
during their TV earrings
with uncut language and graphic depictions,
so who the hell is he to talk?
But he also made a famous edit
to the DVD release of ET,
the Extra-Terrestrial,
where a government agent
wheeled the gun in the original film,
and then held a walkie-talkie in the DVD.
We know I'm nobody with guns,
and film little kids are watching.
Because if there's anything we know
that America doesn't worship guns.
The biggest name of that message is the Thunder Little Kid.
The Hero Rodgers,
Force Radio 560,
U-A-L.
Who's gonna get Ricky a blow?
I love you,
you're the last door.
Well, have you known?
That's my very last door.
Darn it!
Darn it!
Darn it!
Darn it!
Darn it!
Darn it!
Darn it, Darn it!
Well that's something to be thankful for anyway.
He and around no more.
We're thankful about that anyway.
We heard his very last day.
Good.
948 votes on a poll will make that thousand easy and you hear you thought, oh there's
no chance you got that really bad late start thanks to Eric Scroon up bad.
Always negative man I think he revs off from George.
Sorry.
Well let's see is there a piece of copy I just got in here.
That's right.
Oh I can't believe that.
A new piece of copy from Gary Sarner.
This must be a mistake.
Woo.
Man.
That is absolutely shocking.
And it's kosher too.
The page came over and it's got like a little circle you on it.
A new mayor and two new Broward County commissioners took off as this morning in the front
of a standing ceremony crowd of family political supporters, county employees and lobbyists.
Both Ken Keachel and Stacey Ritter were sworn in making the board an entirely democratic
one.
Ritter alloyers a former state representative.
She most recently headed up the county's management and efficiency study committee.
She replaced his doctor Ben Graber for resigned to make an unsuccessful bid for the state
senate.
Keachel also alloyer was president of the Dolphin Democrats a gay and lesbian political
group.
He's the first openly gay county commissioner.
Keachel beat the boards only Republican Jim Scott who served for six years.
Great Scott.
The new commission elected as mayor Josephus Egel.
I see I don't know how to say that name.
Oh boy.
A Galaton.
I was spelled for it but then you'd plots who's been vice mayor for the past year.
Commissioner Lewis Waxler was elected vice mayor.
Typically vice mayor is moved to the top spot after a year.
The headline on this, a Galaton elected Broward's first black county mayor and I apologize
that I can't pronounce his name.
Oh, see now I'm going to get a crap for that because I mispronounce the mayor's name.
You'll see I'm going to have to go on letterman and apologize.
Here's a great story.
Something to be thankful for on Thursday or even sooner.
I'm thankful for it right now.
Relatives of a missing boy's mother who killed herself after being aggressively questioned
by CNN's anxious Nancy Grace filed a wrongful death suit today claiming the talk show host
cost severe emotional distress that led to the suicide.
Melinda Duckett committed suicide September 8th today after Grace is shown CNN and
Hedley news air to segment in which Grace aggressively questions Duckett about her whereabouts
on August 27th.
The day two year old Trenton Duckett was reported missing.
Authorities who said last week they believe that Trenton is still alive have named Melinda
Duckett as the prime suspect and his disappearance.
How do you like that?
J Paul Durantney, the attorney representing Duckett's estate, said today that Grace
encouraged Melinda Duckett to appear on her show by saying the goal was to draw public
attention to help find Trenton.
It's not just about the questioning, it's about the misrepresentation where the knowledge
that she was emotionally destructored and he said the attorney said Grace improperly
took on the role of a law enforcement officer.
CNN Hedley news declined to comment but issued a message of support for Grace.
We stand by Nancy Grace and fully support her as we have from the beginning of this
matter a spokeswoman said in the statement Tuesday, Fran.
How do you like that?
They're suing her ass and I think it's long overdue that miserable, hateful, sell.
She is everything evil that people hate about women.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
There's things people love about women and there's things people hate.
She is what they hate.
She is the part that they despise that they find nauseous that they just want to pute
their guts out thinking about that bitch.
951 votes on the pool.
What do you think?
Easy, right?
955.
Now they're coming in in chunks just like in that movie, hostile.
Now some people might be hostile if they watch hostile because they'll blame us for it.
Well the guys on Neil show all said it was really great and it was okay.
If you got a week's stomach just don't look at it.
On Monday, wait till you hear this.
I hope George is listening although I know he's not unless he's crazy.
He's not.
He's trying.
On Monday, why do you go away?
No, but he never listens.
Just like me when I'm not on do you think I'm listening to this crap?
No.
Absolutely not.
And he's not on to think he's listening to my crap.
No way Jose.
You know your hook to that college tailgate show.
Oh yeah.
Now what was that expression again?
Big time college football talk.
Not just regular girls.
Neil Rogers.
Good.
George Rodriguez.
No good.
On Monday, can I get back to this sister?
It's about marriage a weenie man.
Could you?
Irvin Rosenfeld.
Oy started his 25th year smoking nearly a dozen joints a day getting busted
his least of his problems.
His more than 200 bone tumors were supposed to continue to grow until they left
and paralyzed or caused their clot to break loose and kill him.
Without his medicine which he's received since 1982 medicine is in quotes, I definitely
would believe that that would have happened by now the stockbroker with offices in West
Palm, Boken for Lauderdale, said yesterday.
He's the longest surviving member of a group of 13 people eight of whom have since died
was early as the mid 70s began receiving marijuana from the federal government.
George wishes he was on a list.
And so do you.
Yes I do.
Receiving marijuana from the federal government.
They were given it for amends ranging from glaucoma to multiple sclerosis to AIDS to the
combination of maladies that's affected Rosenfeld and no one else nationwide since he was
10.
Good for arthritis too.
He's the only one of the 13 able to inactive life and the tumors haven't grown in 32
years.
I feel fantastic Rosenfeld said a long time national proponent of controlled medical use
to cannabis Rosenfeld is not writing a book a combination of autobiography and advocacy.
He hopes to have it out by the spring.
In response to telephone inquiries the FDA yesterday forwarded an April 2006 press release
in which it concluded that no sound scientific studies supported medical use and that the FDA
approved alternatives exist.
Right.
Zined America baby.
Oh you came to Amsterdam to get stolen that part of the movie is just so it's so lame
so embarrassing.
According to the advocacy groups patients out of time Rosenfeld sits on its board 11 states
and the district Columbia have legalized medicinal use and some three dozen states have allowed
limited use but the DEA has remained opposed because they in 82 and 99 the group says the
Institute of Medicine part of the National Academy of Sciences found marijuana to be moderately
well suited for particular conditions.
As a young adult Rosenfeld bought pot wherever he could now the US government grows marijuana
on a farm in Mississippi and provides it in cans of 300 cigarettes 300.
Rosenfeld is often said in the fact of cannabis pill would prevent a lot of hassles and
companies have created marijuana extracts and synthetic components of the drug but on
has been approved for use in the USA yet.
His book will detail his numerous difficulties he was arrested while smoking in an Orlando
balcony he was detained while smoking in Walt Disney World a placement once pulled a gun
on him he was barred from a Delta flight the federal government later ruled Delta was
wrong but declined to penalize the airline.
He was disqualified from a Chicago sailing regatta for the disabled because he was doping
as they said and as recently as junior to go without pot for four days when the Banyan
government would let him bring it into a weekend seminar.
Four days.
It was his longest wrenched and say similar predicament in Canada in 1998.
Oh my goodness.
For the first 18 hours they did remarkably well he said by the 36th hour I was hurting I
started popping pills, pains and muscle relaxants okay because they wouldn't let him have
his weed.
You know what that reminds me of before the break what's that?
It's just these guys nicked the suds and whatever the heck it is and the people I call
in they're just like them like that they run the year what caught the weed in their
eye and their happiness terrible for years that I've been looking at listening to 610
and I see it.
The biggest name of best talent is Neil Rogers 420560.
Please Miguel play it baby.
I'm about to fall for my heart and hit marshes nose I'm so mad I'm letting go I gotta
do it.
Okay, there's the brede Quinn rap it's a 1247 or QM I'm not going to do that so yes
Thanksgiving pool and I was talking about that's a bad idea. Oh, well people would like it so much. No, they would not.
Are you been sarcastic again or you just been a jackass?
No, it's just you know what's like it would be like saying paper or plastic you're like that
Well, there's many not weeks and not though and speaking of paper or plastic when's the last time you ever took anything?
Oh, but a paper bag. Yeah, like a long long time ago long ago without users paper bags anymore, man
That's a socket
Get rid of that for all parts, you know, even an old far like me wouldn't bring home groceries in a paper bag
man
969 votes on our pool man now come up with some really neat idea for tomorrow something really cerebral like you know
You got the pressure on you now and
That's just for tomorrow now. What do you tell me that we ought to leave this one tomorrow on for another one?
We'll talk to you again Friday for the weekend. I'm not gonna be as lazy as you are there you go
Of course then again who could be now Josh is doing a hell of a job on these stories man like Sunday
He had a little problem there and so he said hey Eric you handle it. I'm out. Now what you said no
972 votes. What do you feel most guilty about not getting those stories up in a timely fashion every now and then?
Although he certainly is you know since I bitched him out
Since I ratted you rast out. That's what it took
You know some people you can tell them a nice way
Hey, by the way, could you get the stories up before three in the afternoon on Saturday and Sunday?
You can tell that a nice way like about ten times and other people you have to like you know
Stick their foot and boiling scalding hot water. Oh gee. I don't want to do that again like that
Like you were in that place
Slovakia
Watch your eyes
974 I tell you one thing you got to admit they sure that that room was sure well equipped you know it
That torture room. Yes, it was they had it all. I mean you name it and they had it every torture device and some really spiffy drills too
and
Soz
974
What do you feel most guilty about nothing?
470 that numbers actually going up 48.2 percent now almost half to be about nothing
Drinking too much 219 cheating on my spouts of partner 105 I
Hate this pull 104 back up to 10.6 percent boy. I'm telling you I may not do a pull tomorrow
You're starting to turn on me now
10.6 percent that's bad
That's a bad number for us and wouldn't you think of Thanksgiving time when people are you know in like normal civilized places at this time of the year
People are like more you know peace on earth goodwilderman when you get to like Christmas in this this time of the year from
Not fully into the year right not in South Florida man
South Florida's more hate than ever hate this pull. I
voted for boy 45 then we hate you. I never vote 17 and cheating on my taxes only 14
And we got 978 that's pretty great. I will say that you know they they at least come through with the numbers
You know they may not vote the way that you would prefer that they would
At least they come through with big gigantic numbers. Isn't that what counts?
Yeah, that's pretty much it
State officials yesterday certified Republican Vern Buchanan one the house seat being vacated by Republican the anxious representative
Catherine Harris. Oh do you hear about her plane? Wow
Though the loser immediately sued for a new election arguing that touchscreen voting machines had malfunctioned
Democrat Christine Jennings contested her 369 vote loss in the 13th district
Asking a judge to order a new election because of problems in Sarasota County
We're more than 17,000 voters who cast ballots and other races November 7th allegedly failed to vote in the congressional contest
Anybody believe that no could possibly be legit? Oh
And keep in mind this is Catherine Harris's old district boy. You talk about hanky spanky
That rate is nearly six times higher than in the other counties in the congressional district or on Sarasota's paper
Affity ballots Jennings alleges an illegal challenge
Though she lost the other four counties in the district Jennings did well in Sarasota County winning there by six percentage points
Jennings lawyer Kendall coffee who never met a microphone or a camera they didn't like
Said these statistical evidence is based on numbers that cannot be seriously questioned
He said there were also eyewitness accounts of voting problems
You can in a wealthy auditorium said there was no evidence of a machine malfunction
He attributed the huge Sarasota on the vote to a new e-voters turned off by negative campaigning anybody by and that no
I guess the theory is if you don't win soup you can't instead urging Jennings to concede and stop listening to the high price lawyers and out of town special interest groups
The lawsuit's not Jennings fine-laptions
You could also appeal results to the house
We should be under democratic control next year as we know
Common causes Florida chairman Walter Dartland Walter Dartland. I haven't heard that name in a thousand years
Wow, he used to be the date County consumer advocate back when I was at a
Whole bunch of stations 100 years ago. That's good. No
Puts
Common causes Florida chairman Walter Dartland said new election may be the only way to resolve the problems
Hey, Walter, you were putts 30 years ago and you're still a putts
The state is conducting an audit of the Sarasota voting machine separate from the recount legal challenge
The auto will include in November 28th test of machines prepared for but not used in the election
The machines that were used on election day cannot be accessed until the challenge periods 10 days from yesterday
Said Secretary of State Sue Cobb while I'm sure is not related to any Cobb
Harris a congresswoman since 2002 ran for US Senate this year but lost to incumbent Democrat Bill Nelson as we know
She got she got spank baby. She got bushwacked. She got destroyed
In 2001 Harris had pushed for an election overhaul that outlawed punch card ballots and required counties to use touch screen devices
Arropical scan machines that read paper ballots of voters filled in
Several other house races nationwide still are on the resolved. How do you like that? Here it is. It's November 21th
The election was won on the seventh two weeks ago today as a matter of fact
You know high-o-second district a few counties began counting provisional absentee ballots and a disputed race between
Republican representative Jean Schmidt
Who called a decorative Vietnam rep for a veteran remember John Murther a coward and Democrat Victoria Wilson
Schmidt led by about 2800 votes. They're nearly 9,000 votes could remain to be counted in the district and I'm gonna sneeze
There it is. All right. You know how is 15th district from public income but there's nothing worse than fake
Sneez you know I'm saying like you think you're gonna do it and then like it never happens
Oh
You know how is 15th district from public income but Deborah Price was a head of Democrat Mary to a kill Roy by more than 30
500 votes, but some 19,000 ballots remain to be counted with the results expected next week and in North Carolina's eighth district
Election officials were recounting votes at last week gave representative Robin Hayes Republican a
339 vote margin head Democrat Larry Kissle Kissles considering a hand recut they want to do it by hand wouldn't be the first time last Friday
Elections officials in New Mexico's first district released an unofficial tally showing that Republican
Representative Heather Wilson won a race against Democrat Patricia Madrid by just
879 votes out of more than 210,000 cash. How do you like that?
You idiots who stayed home, huh?
You idiots who live in those places of course, which is none of us
990 votes on a poll when we come back after the top of the hour
We're gonna have a thousand votes. I won a clock which thinks I think that means we can go home early, isn't it?
Yeah, that's what I heard. I'm thinking one o'clock sounds good
The biggest name of best talent this is Neil Rogers for radio fights
hour
There was an old farmer who lived on a rock
He's had in the middle just shaking his fist at some boys who were down by the prick
They're beating the water their hands on their marbles and play things and at half past four
There came a young lady she looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rubbles and laces and white fluffy dark
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling reputes and litter from yesterday's hunt
While the girl in the middle was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the dark
He looked like a man with a size of a home in the country with a big fence out front
If he asked her for lightly she'd show him her little bet dog who was subject to this
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands with the movement so quick
And then she'd bend over and suck on his candy so tasty made a butter
Scott and then he spread wood cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her show
If you think this is dirty you can go f*** yourself
All right
101 at 560 WQM and Friday of course are going to be playing that about a hundred times
And a lot of other old stuff that we can still play how many bits are that we can still play
About 30 men
That's not too bad
I thought we'd have a thousand votes by the time we came back but we don't
Well let's leave anyways
998
998 that's not so great
I thought we'd be like over a thousand and we could all get out of here and go to like a nice early lunch
999 next votes to 1000s man you could put a feather in your cab
You could write that in your memoirs you can tell your grandchildren about that
Two days before Thanksgiving Day in 2006 I was the 1000s vote on Uncle Niels Poul
There it is we got it
Oh
Oh
Brackdom
Yeah, we got a thousand votes
You feel any different now than we did before?
Oh yeah
I don't
Republican governor elect miss Charlie Christ a real flamer
Name George Lemieux as chief of staff today as he began to form an administrative team
Built largely from people who have been political advisors or served under him as Attorney General
Don't you like that use of words there?
They served under him as Attorney General
Aha
Lemieux served as chief of staff on Chris campaign overseeing the victory over Democratic Jim Davis
Davis
He also served as Chris deputy Attorney General before leaving that position to run a campaign
Lemieux was born and raised in Broward County where he was twice elected the counties of Republican Party chairman
Chris also named eight other administrators including deputy chiefs of staff Arlene D'Benego
Whatever name is Eric I can't hold much of people in nobody ever heard of
And it's got the list of all these that nobody cares
Chris will take office January 2 replacing fat ass governor Jeff Bush who couldn't run for your reelection because of term limits
Thank God
So we had a phony religious fanatic who's leaving and now we got a phony closet queen who's going to be the new Republican governor floor there
Well all of a sudden my allergies are acting up
You don't think because it was a quarter in Hellesmore and do you like minus four Celsius?
Yes
Man
I don't want to start sneezing again
Uh oh
That would be really bad, that would be gross
Not as gross as the scenes in Hostel but close
What's the way to you watch saw
I'm not going to watch saw what makes you think I'm going to watch there
Keep the pattern going
No thanks
I'm just not in the movies that have gratuitous blood and it doesn't bother me
I mean as in spite of what Josh was trying to feed me several months ago and a show when he got into this kick about oh well
You're just not into violent movies you can't handle violent no one I just said that you know every movie you know you mentioned to me
I figured that you weren't into violent movies
Which I still don't think that you are
Meaning what then why would I continue to action like action movies
No I'm not into action movies
You mean like the Terminator and that kind of crap Arnold Jackson
You're right I'm not I don't want to see that crap
Jesse Jackson speaking of crap rights war supporters must face the music in today's Chicago sometimes
I can't believe I'm going to be an article by Jesse Jackson wouldn't be the first time
You know every now and then he says something to make sense
And then of course you realize that it was him and say well
He says when American families gather to give thanks this week all of us should say a prayer
For the young men and women putting their lives at risk in a racquet of Afghanistan and serving in Bosnia and hundreds of other bases around the world
There were all races and creeds some come from proud military families with generations of service some are new Americans whose families have only recently come to this country
And a racquet of Afghanistan their duty is hazardous and difficult they deserve our thanks and respect
Now what they really deserve Jesse is to come home tomorrow
In fact let's bring them home for Thanksgiving Day
They have served with coercion honor but have been deeply misled by their leaders
They're stuck in a catastrophic occupation in Iraq
Even the political generals like General John Abysade who have learned to trim their views to fit the White House's needs
Now say we have only four to six months before the Civil War already underway spins out of control
More objective aimless say it's already out of control with dead squads murdering and kidnapping hundreds each day
Ethnic cleansing taking place from the Kurdish region to the north to the Shia areas of the south
And Baghdad a bloody gangland with private militias splitting into rival tongues
In the midst of this disaster its architects are abandoning a ship
The very new conservative ideolog who lobbied for this war of choice even before Bush came to office
Who wanted to invade Iraq even before the 9-11 terrorist attacks they're bailing out
These are the zealots who eagerly promoted exile like Ashmeh Chalabi to propagate lies about Sada Hussain's nuclear weapons programs
These are the pundits who filled the op-ed pages and radio TV shows with lies about Hussain's connections without Kaira
They were so intent on launching this war that they were prepared to prey on American fears and mislead the country into a war
It would be as Kenneth Edelman said a cakewalk we would be greeted as liberators democracy would break out in what they painted as a secular Iraq and then sweep the region
Now they rush to disavow any responsibility Edelman is shocked to see that there are a lot of lives lost
He now blames the leaders of the administration that he wants to do it. This didn't have to be managed as badly. It's just awful
He said Richard Pearl the anxious Richard Pearl leader of the Chalabi lobby now says he didn't realize the invasion would lead to an occupation
The occupation he says was a foolish thing to do he apparently thought the troops could just overthrow a dictator and democracy would follow just as dawn follows knife
It's a problem of execution according to Joshua Mervich the Neocon publicist who lays the blame on Secretary of Defense Rumsfeld
Besides he now writes few Neocons actually served in the Bush administration and our was in Iraq maybe traced to the conduct of the war rather than the decision to undertake it
Right
Now the American people have begun to understand the scope of the fiasco they went to the polls to demand change in course in Iraq
Bush dismissed Rumsfeld leader of the Neocons and brought in the pros James Baker Robert Gates from his father's administration
They with the new democratic leadership in the Congress will have the impossible task of trying to extricate America with as little damage as possible from the mess that the Neocons got us into
So the Neocons are positioning themselves to blame the mess on those left to clean it up soon they'll be phoning the op-ed pages with cries of being betrayed and with calls for a new military adventure
Package once more with deceptions and distortions
America will have squandered priceless lives and in the end over a trillion dollars on their folly
But the Neocons will learn nothing they'll lose nothing the only question is whether the rest of us will know better the next time
Our soldiers are still at risk many believe in their cause many understand the situations out of control
They follow their orders they put their lives on the line they deserve our deepest thanks for their heroism
To one of them we must not fail to hold accountable those who misled them and us into this catastrophe sounds like impeachment to me
That's Jesse Jackson's take good article even though he wrote it you know always have to take seven grains of salt throw them over your shoulder when you read something by him
We got a thousand thirteen votes on a poll how do you like that lucky number thirteen very nice
And impressive now we can go see you
Don't forget we have no mad dog today we are Curtis and even since again Chris is going to be busy all week
He probably didn't know about it because our program or sometimes program director he's not the in the schedules and
Stuff this week he's busy being you and nerd or whatever or maybe preparing for a new career somewhere else hopefully
Don't go away mad clearance just go to hell away soon you idiot
Jackson Wyoming
Wet dog and stinky feet are some of the words being used to describe the order and by the way if I can interrupt myself for just a second at the beginning of the movie
Hostel now maybe I'm wrong but it seems to me that over the opening credits there's a scene like in a in a bathroom or a shower like you know
And it's like there's brown schmutz there's a cleaning guy was like cleaning up stuff off the floor you know
And there's brown kind of schmutz like sliding off the wall you remember the senior you forget about no I don't remember that me either watch it again
I'll have to watch it again to see the significance of that you know let me do this maybe the bathroom from the last scene in the movie
Where they wouldn't be clean up it would be red unless this guy's got brown blood or maybe it was something else that was but at any rate
Well I don't say they're a wad of turn a turn brown
What wet dog and stinky feet are some of the words being used to describe the order of some paper towels that were stocked in restrooms all over town in Jackson Wyoming
And investigation by the Jackson Hole News and Guide
Revealed the maloderous product at six businesses and in most of the 20 Teton County government buildings
Maybe that was that brown schmutz that was sliding off the wall
Melissa Schinkel who works in the county clerk's office said county employees didn't talk about the owner at first
But then it became a topic of conversation like at the water cooler you know like they're around town now saying hey that old fart got a thousand and some votes
And before the show's over
It was like heavy noticed when you wash your hands they should smell nice, but they smell worse shinkel said it's gross
Gross the source was high country lit in the business owned by mayor Mark Barron which distributed the smelly towels around town in September
When we get the reports we dealt with them directly and immediately he said we may have had five or six calls
The companies manager Eric Vicks said the towels are manufactured by S.C.A. Tissue North America in Nene and Wisconsin
There we go again with one of those sister cities Nina, Manascha Wisconsin you know Wisconsin home of the green Bay Packers who were shot out by the
Patriots 35 nothing on Sunday
The company's vice president manufacturing Ron 30 what's his name?
30 man his name whoever could imagine that
Ron 30 said in the statement that odors in our products are highly unusual occurrence well they stink okay
They're stinkin. They're making brown schmutz on the walls and people are washing their hands with your towels
And they stink even worse smell like updog did it they smell like updog. We better play that I don't kill some good time
I don't know what you're chuckling about man Thanksgiving week is is not good not good week you know
So we're not getting any calls hey well they all started to call in after you picked up for one second oh do they?
Yep well let me let me turn the monitor on again here we got a minute or so before the break line six there line six is ringing
WDQM Thanksgiving Day line hello. Shinko line with Tinko. That's what I like.
Okay what do you say? Shinko Tinko Twinkle I know what they always say.
And reach over and shut it right back off again. Alright well I was an improvement over the one call I took a few weeks ago
Remember that one. Hi. On line nine. Hi. But of course maybe that creature has died since then we can only pray
And then we'll be thankful on Thanksgiving day. No we're not that lucky.
12 minutes after one at five sixty WQ a.m. for a guy's big blow
Hey man. Hey who's this? It's Jeff. Hey I was in your restaurant and it smelled like updog.
What is updog? I don't know what's up G yo yo yo. Get it? No. Okay.
Hey Richard speaking was like to play Catering Order. Hey Richard. Yeah.
I was in your restaurant my wife and I and she was commenting as I was that it smelled like updog.
Like what? Updog. What is updog? No what's up with you G? Get it?
Yeah. Hi. A good. Hey I was in your place and it smelled like updog. What's up dog?
Not much. What's up with you G? Yeah. What's up dog? What's up dog? Yeah. I'm busy. What what you want?
Your place smelled like updog. Okay. Bye. Get it? Yeah. Hey how are you? Good.
Hey I was in your place and it smelled like updog. What is updog? I don't know what's up with you G. Get it?
I am busy. It's one seventeen and five sixty WQ. I'd rather be busy than DZ.
The kids were getting kind of DZ and then movie last time in Hostel. You probably would too. Wait till you hear this.
This is going to make you drop a gigantic meatloaf right there in the chair. I already dropped a.
I don't want to hear about it and it needs that as the audience okay some of us have eaten lunch yet please.
The O.J. Simpson bookstacket took another twist today when his former sister-in-law Denise Brown accused the media company behind the project of trying to buy her family's silence for millions of dollars.
Simpson's book if I did it was a sequel few adhered conceive with Simpson acquitted a murdering his ex-wife and her friend but later found libel in Silver Court describing how he would have killed him if he done it.
A spokesman for a news corp owner of Fox Broadcasting and publisher Albert Collins confirmed that the company had conversations with representatives of Nicole Brown's Simpsons and Ron Goldman's families over the past week and that the families were offered all profits from the plant Simpson book and TV show but he denied that it was hush money.
There were no strings attached news corp's spokesman Andrew butcher said how do you like that?
They were offered all the profits from the book and the movie Denise Brown told NBC's today show today that her family response was absolutely absolutely not.
They wanted to offer us millions of dollars for like oh I'm sorry money but they were still going there the show Brown said we just thought oh my god.
Oh my god.
What they're trying to do is try to keep us quiet trying to make like hush money trying to go around the civil verdict giving us this money to keep our mouth shut.
Any fast nation with Simpson shocking return to public life was overcome by revulsion and disbelief from the public.
Food people were kicking their judge like on three quarters all over America.
Even news corp's rupert Murdoch a media king with a famous taste for scandal couldn't stand at no mole.
If I did it had been scheduled there is a two-part interview November 27th and I thought Fox with the book to follow the next day on November 30th.
Harper Collins spokeswoman Aaron Crumb said some copies already have been shipped to stores but will be recalled all copies will be destroyed except the ones that you'll find for sale on eBay of course.
Simpson's attorney Yale Galator told the AP we've known for three or four days that this was a possibility.
There were only three possible reactions anger happiness or indifference.
He's totally indifferent about the fact that it's been canceled the latter said he said he didn't know if Simpson was paid up front.
Ron Goldman's sister Kim Goldman said on CBS's early show today the family would take legal action to collect any money Simpson received from the deal.
The niece Brown went farther saying that money was being hidden for Simpson so he didn't have to pay the civil judgment.
The courts one day will find out who that person is Brown said who be hiding the money.
Simpson told the AP in a phone interview late Monday he couldn't comment on the situation until I know legally where I stay and he said on his arthritic knees.
Hope he stands on his knees and falls flat on his face and breaks his freaking neck.
Hope you break your neck OJ you murdering piece of turd.
I would like nothing better than to straighten out some things that have been mischaracterized he said but I think I'm legally muscled at this point.
Let's put a muzzle on his head and set him over there to like Slovakia.
Wouldn't that be good?
Sensation has long been a newscorp's game but the Simpson book to almost universal anger from those who knew Goldman and Brown, from booksellers and advertisers, even from Fox News Channel, first of all they billow Riley.
Or Riley urged the boycott of any company to advertise on that special.
A dozen network affiliates said they wouldn't air the two parts special and numerous stores and either declined to sell the book or promise to know that any profits from the sale of the book to charity.
I really don't think there would have been very many advertisers who would have been willing to participate in this show said Brad adgate of the ad buying firm horizon media.
How do you like that? His name is adgate.
Sounds like the scandal when they investigate all these sliders that our sales department put through adgate.
You heard a water gate and all out of the crap.
With little advertising Fox would miss the chance to profit from the show if there were no advertisers the show wouldn't even be rated by Nielsen research so the number of people watching would have done nothing that Fox's season average he said.
The cancellation was a stunning rebuked to Reagan books, a high profile imprint of Harper Collins and Judith Reagan who would label the book and interview Simpson's confession.
She insisted she had not done it for money but as a victim of domestic violence was anxious to face down a man she believed got away literally with murder Reagan books is known for gossipy bestsellers such as Jose Conceco's juiced.
And Jenna Jameson's how to make love like a porn star.
Jose Conceco's juiced talk about lies.
I guess that's what he specializes in his bull crap.
Reagan won a publishing's most driven and forceful personalities didn't immediately respond to request for interview.
The TV special was to wear on two of the final three nights of the November of sweeps when ratings are watched closely to set local ad rates.
Adgate it's been especially tough fall for Fox which has seen none of its new shows catch on and is waiting for the January princes of American Idol in 24.
The closest precedent for session about face came when CBS bank that many series about Ronnie Reagan from its schedule in 2003 when complaints were raised about its accuracy.
It was seen on CBS's premium cable channel showtime instead.
One Fox affiliate station manager said he wasn't going to air the special because it was concerned whether or not Simpson was guilty.
He'd still be profiting from murders.
I have my own moral compass.
This was easy said Bill Lam General manager of WDRB in Louisville during one of his 400 appearances on CNN's Larry King live Fred Goldman runs father expressed appreciation anyone who opposed the book.
And on and on and on it goes like one of those bad pennies that just keep showing up all over again.
What does that show with that supposed to quit show with Bill Shatner.
I saw the pilot to that.
Yeah, forget what it's called now.
Show me the money show me the money.
That's it.
See, I have to ask the question and I have to answer them myself.
Help you out there.
Show me the money looks like a really crappy show.
It is.
And I like go Shatner.
I like him too, but it's just you know, there's certain certain things for certain people like he isn't going to be performing a surgery on me anytime soon.
And I don't think he ought to be doing the hosting some stupid ass quiz show, but nevertheless.
And of course, singing is right up his alley too.
He's one way of a singer.
So I hear so what do you think the new line is going to become January 1st on QAM anyway getting back to the appol?
What do you feel most guilty about a thousand thirty three votes?
Boy, it's a there's my good friend Susan candy audience CNN. Love you Susan.
And this like a complex guy here in Tibet either whatever is there.
Oh, there we go again with what's his name from watching our language and every.
Oh my God from Seinfeld over and over.
You know something that must be a really slow time.
You know, they don't get tired of those bigots man.
Wow.
Thousand and thirty three votes on a pool.
What do you feel most guilty about?
Nothing.
Forty eight percent.
It's been constant of that right from the get go.
496 right from the get go.
Drinking too much 236.
Cheating on my spousive partner 110.
Then this pool is so close to the one we did yesterday that we need to apologize.
Don't we?
Yes.
Sean.
Freedom close by apologize not whatever.
If you don't like it, don't dittle with it.
In fact, speaking of diddling.
So I went to my desk top a little while ago during the break and there was 800 pictures of Brady Quinn naked.
And I thought I was thinking of myself. I wonder who he's didlin.
And then of course the answer immediately popped into my mind.
Anybody he wants to.
Probably yeah.
Cheating on my spousive partner 110.
I hate this pool 109.
10.5 percent that's unacceptable.
I voted for Bush 48 and we hate you like poison for doing it.
Don't ever do that again.
I never vote 18 and cheating on my taxes only 16.
Isn't it great that we have so many honest people in this audience or so many people who cheat on stuff like that but have no conscience about it?
The biggest name of the best talent.
The only one here in Rochester is the Force Radio 560.
The UAM.
Oh god.
Absolutely.
And your trail was his name and it turned off his favorite cartoon.
He kept the channels for the Brady's archery runs.
There's just no comment book food.
In the string of 92.
Like string before he had nothing to do.
He heard a rumor.
All the angel was saying it was a time I remember.
Oh so well.
The night that where watchers grow.
And the phones were ringing the night.
And where watchers grow.
All the people were singing.
And I was both confused.
Made some day battles and all the news.
The whole world is proud of the dangerous cow.
Oh she lived in our TV.
Had a child out of wildlife.
There's blue dance reality.
Now he's wandering.
If old old clown had a hand in brain and took a commonly down.
Working learning now after a flame.
When did big bird become an agent for soundless sing?
The night that where watchers grow.
I don't know so.
The night that where watchers grow.
This water singing.
The day that far now.
Yeah, some of you read the cartoons.
131 and 560 WQM.
Now these polls from yesterday into the air are similar but not the same.
And they're doing that crap again.
For the um team time over and over.
I don't care about it even a little bit.
Miguel cares because he stayed up to watch Letterman last night.
No, he just happened to be on.
Oh.
141 votes on the poll.
I don't care about sign failed or this guy or the comedy club.
I don't care how many times they put it on there.
I refused to have the media tell me what I should care about.
Life is too damn short.
Enjoy life and tell the media screw off.
Speak of that.
Steve Young, not the quarterback.
Hey Steve.
You're fair.
But the writer says the only thing talk radio learned from 2006 midterms is that they didn't learn.
He says mistakes and failures can be positive happenstance but only if one chooses to learn from them.
But before you learn you must reassess to find out where wrong you must reassess.
The lords of loud mouthpieces of the White House and GOP were instrumental in helping the GOP score bush.
Another term in 2004.
Probably even more so than not governor blackwell.
But even with their softball interviews in private White House meeting with the president,
along with an almost entirely right wing media they just prior to the election,
the GOP's talk radio failed miserably and turning in another victory for their masters.
Of course Sean Hannity will be the first one to interrupt you that he didn't concur with every decision the president and GOP made over the past two years.
Then again a broken clock is wrong, 8638 times a day, 23 hours 59 minutes and 58 seconds.
Sean's best pitch was basically that the Republican Party today pissed poor job,
shirking their responsibility to Americans so we elect them.
But what was the difference between winning 2004 and losing 2006?
Was it a Riley spending more time creating secular progressive bookie man to sell bill or Riley books and factor gear?
Was it Laura Ingraham suggested to clog the Democratic voting phone lines?
How about Limbaugh's flailing about like a wounded duck?
Although certainly turned off a few might have pulled a GOP lever or two,
but I think the purest example of failure came from Hannity's tired anti-democratic litany getting even more tired.
And not because Hannity fans stopped listening to him,
I think Francisco Vandu didn't let credit card companies write the bankruptcy bill or pharmaceutical corporations write the drug bill or energy companies develop energy policy.
Sean holds up Hollywood as limousine liberals whose lack of virtue are infesting the minds of our kids,
but Hollywood didn't place our kids in the middle of a deadly quagmire in Iraq.
Sean replays Howard Dean's scream as a symbol of a sick party,
but Dean didn't scream us into an unaffordable healthcare for the truly sick.
Sean paints and repaints an unhinged Hillary Clinton,
but Hillary didn't unhinge FEMA by having Michael Brown.
Sean demonizes George Soros as the money man behind Air America,
but Soros or Air America didn't get paid off by Jack Abramoff.
Sean blames John Kerry's inability to deliver a joke about bushes as slam of our troops,
but Kerry didn't make Republicans cut veterans' benefits.
Sean's list repeated odd infinitesimals in attempt to brainwash his listeners,
and said it made them painfully aware that Sean didn't seem to connect the actual failures many of them deadly to the real people responsible.
Nothing turns off a working brain more than being insulted with obvious bullshit.
For some brains it might take more time than others for the smell to register,
but it seemed to click for enough to make Sean's water-carrying efforts a real detriment to the GOP this past election.
The control as a failure.
It may pacify the few fans that don't yet realize that Sean only feeds their post-delection wounds
for the benefit of his humongous financial return.
But as long as he and the rest of the rights noise machine don't realize their tactics are getting very tired,
the hold on their logic will be large enough to drive through a 2008 Democratic victory truck.
That's what Steve Young says.
You know Steve Young?
Yeah, I know him.
He's an award-winning TV writer and failed talk show host who authored great figures of the extremely successful.
Or something like that.
He's a guy.
And it's on Smirking Chimp.
So if it's on the Smirking Chimp it must be okay.
It must be one of our people.
Isn't that the way we look at these stories?
Yeah, that's what of our people.
In other words that's some right-wing fascist who we deplore and feel nauseous about, just thinking about.
There's that historic trash talk.
Stop laughing.
It's not funny.
I'm really busted up over this and I'm very, very sorry to those...
People, casually in the audience, in Seinfeld had to tell them to stop laughing.
It's not funny.
Am I correct about that?
Yes you are.
Isn't that pathetic?
It's a serious, this is an apology.
Yes, see Jerry Seinfeld will help give you the cue when to laugh when it is funny and when it's not.
And of course when he starts being funny, let me know.
I don't think it's going to happen in my lifetime, but nevertheless.
If ever there was a walking ad for anti-Semitism, it's either him or the nanny man,
or maybe Barbara Strison, they're walking ad for Cross-eyed anti-Semitism.
He is just nauseating.
Nauseating.
But you like that show a lot and so did just about everybody.
I love the show.
I'm not saying I like him.
I've seen his stand up, I think it's terrible.
Really?
I've never seen him do anything in a stand up routine that I laughed at.
But the show...
I'll tell you when to start laughing.
Okay.
Now what about cheers?
Did you like cheers?
Not really.
Good.
10.50 on a pool.
When we keep getting down to these the same numbers all the time.
I don't know what that's all about.
I think it really boils down to it.
Now correct me if I'm wrong, but this is my take.
I think that basically, regardless of even when we put the pool on there,
there are a certain number of pool voters on our show every day.
Yes.
You know what I mean?
And sooner or later they're going to get on there.
I mean, eventually, even if we start to pull a little bit later,
if we start early, we're basically within a certain range.
You know what I mean?
Starting to figure it out, are you?
Yeah, I'm a little bit slow.
Old and slow, that is correct.
So maybe now I don't have to panic so much when I say,
oh, we may not make 1,000 votes today.
Like, you really believe I'm panicking.
Like, I really care.
Like, I give a Schmidt.
I don't.
I do give a Schmidt that this bitch is on there.
This, uh, whatever, hella name it.
What is your name?
You heard the whole apology on Letterman, right?
Oh my god.
It's just, uh, scary.
Scary.
Let's see what they're talking about on MSNBC.
Just in case there might be something different.
I want you.
Which are remarks through condemnation?
Everybody's whipped up over this.
Except me.
Oh, there you go again with that hostile crap.
I think that would be a good way to threaten people
to get your kids to watch the movie.
And then if they do anything like unacceptable,
ship them off.
To threaten to send them to Slovakia.
Uh-oh, won't be doing that in no more.
I especially like some of those instruments they had there.
Some of the torture instruments.
The one where he like snipped off her little,
one of her toes, whatever, whatever.
And the drill was good.
The drill in the Asam.
I seen it.
Oh, there is a, what's his name?
Jewish Faye.
So closely on the,
go back to Mexico.
Okay, you silly ass being a get out of our face.
Yeah, you're right.
He is funny, but I just,
his take on this whole thing is just nauseating.
Taking a little bit like over the top.
Thisly scheduled to appear on Letterman Monday night
said he was upset by Richard's tirade.
You know, I was extremely upset about it.
Oh, I'm upset that you're on my TV.
I really like to, if I had a brick here, I would break the screen
if I didn't have to buy a new one.
What's so insane about this?
Where is the little alienita when we need him?
At least that was, I don't know, that was some good drama.
This is just the same tired,
crap over and over and over again.
God.
That Richard reminds me of my mother.
Absolutely.
We got a camera so you can watch the money on TV.
She's not a girl, not get a woman,
so Kevin keeps on screwing with me.
You'll see she's not very smart.
You'll hear Kevin's smart.
You might even see her go down.
She will always be her dress.
Kevin needs a breath,
constantly to fool around.
She just can't understand,
understand how once no handy can
made her hit show on TV.
Fair to lie,
old man,
and maybe I'm hurt you in case of so mine.
She'll just keep on spreading her leg
for Kevin's better life,
better life.
Better late than ever, not no mole.
It's 145, what a disgusting thought that is.
Anyway, here's some good news.
Finally, America's whizing up.
I hope you won't believe this,
although they try to be foreign in filaments,
because Americans are very stubborn.
The US Mint is hoping that Martin Van Bearden and Millard
Fillmore can do what Susan B. Anthony and Sega Gawiya,
who the hell is that, couldn't get Americans to use dollar coins.
Who's Sega Gawiya?
Some Indian.
The Indian, yeah.
What Indian?
Some Indian.
I wonder if D. Phonosin.
The Mint on Monday revealed a design of the new US $1 coin,
which will be issued in a series that will eventually include
the faces of H.U.S. President.
It will release four new presidential dollars each year,
starting with George Washington, John Adams, Thomas Jefferson,
and James Madison in 2007.
The Van Bearden dollar will be released in 2008,
and the filimore in 2010.
Richard Nixon who resigned in the Scracia 1974
in the wake of the Watergate scandal will appear on the coin in 2016.
Oy, vey.
Why the hell are they going to do that?
The Mint is hoping they're continually changing
facial and tight consumers to break the traditional reluctance
to use dollar coins.
I say the best thing to do is stop making any more dollar bills.
We don't have any dollar bills.
I don't know about that.
Why not?
We don't have any dollar bills or two dollar bills in Canada.
We have dollar coins and two dollar coins.
The dollar coins are loony.
Canada and the two dollar coins are tunies.
We need a dollar bills for the strip clubs.
Strip clubs, tips.
Canada Ford to be given $4.
So do I candy machines?
You know, there's a lot of stuff.
I guess they don't have any so do our candy machines here.
And in Europe, they've got the Eurocoins, too.
Dollar and two.
They don't have dollar bills.
The smallest bill is five, a piper.
That's way too much.
For you guys, yeah.
The mint is hoping they're continually changing faces
will entice consumers to break the traditional reluctance to use dollar coins.
We think Americans are going to want to collect this series.
And that'll drive the coins to the economy.
City-Westman director Edmund Moy.
That's M.O.I.
He hopes to avoid the fate of the Susan B. Anthony dollar,
which was issued in 79 to 81 to get a 99 to one of the women's suffrage pioneer.
But due to its size and silver color,
it was too easily confused with a quarter.
It is not largely distributed as change from mass transit system ticket machines.
You know what we really needed to do is give it to the dollar bill and the pennies?
Say goodbye to the pennies.
The gold-colored Sacca Gawa dollar,
followed in 2000, showing the Native American guide to 1804 Explorer's Lewis and Clark and her infant son.
But I never heard of Sacca Gawa.
I'm sure I'm not saying you're right, and it'd last me if I care.
No.
Thing is wrong with what I have heard of them.
But limited Sacca Gawa acquired the quantities that had too many being stashed away by collectors,
reducing circulation and thus familiarity said Rod Gillis.
And then of course you could always sell them on eBay.
He by the way, is head of education at the American Numerous Manic Association in Colorado Springs.
The presidential dollar coin will be similar in size and color of the Sacca Gawa,
but there are no inscriptions on the averse or face side.
In God we trust, e-pervous unum and the issue year in the mint mark will appear on the edge.
It'll be on the edge, just like you guys are, about giving up those stupid-ass dollar bills.
God!
Although we said the coins will be a boon for collectors and teaching children about past presents,
it's excessively limited by American's attachment to paper dollars.
As long as we have the paper currency out there, dollar coins will never be successful, Gillis.
We're going to have to discard the dollar bill or mass produce so many of these coins they'll be out there at retailers.
Get rid of those dollar bills, baby. Get rid of them.
And you're giving me a son-in-law.
I'll can it or what do they know.
Moe said the mint successful 50-state quarters program helped push users into the coins,
as even collectors sent their duplicate versions.
He's hoping that the presidential dollars will be freely spent as well.
Also helping prospects for the coin is inflation, he said, noting that parking meter prices are a dollar or more per hour in many cities
and snack machine prices are rising too.
Who now wants those dollar bills know anymore, huh?
You want to coke five bucks.
In fact, the Vending Industry Machine, see, I don't understand what you're talking about because Vending Machines take coins, okay, dummies?
Yeah, well, oh, what? I'm supposed to carry around a bunch of coins?
Yeah.
Get out of here.
You don't have any coins in your pocket?
In my car, I do.
By the way, something.
You have to not think you're right.
Sacagoya.
Yes.
Sacagoya.
How big of a pardon?
Sacagoya.
Sacagoya.
What a sac that is.
Native North American woman guide on the list.
What you was doing, Sacagoya?
The US Treasury could also say billions from a switch because coins last 30 to 40 years in circulation compared to about 18 months for paper currency.
A number of other countries such as the UK use coins exclusively for their single unit currencies and Canada and the EU, the whole like that.
But of course, whoever wrote this on CNN is too stupid and don't get it out of the house much.
Probably ought to be sent to Slovakia.
You know, the thing that really cracks me up, I mean many things crack me up about the movie.
It's not a funny movie, but just some stupid stuff.
Here's these three punks in Amsterdam.
They're backpacking their way through Europe like a lot of young people do and have done for years.
And they started out in Paris and then they're going to Amsterdam and they're going to want to be in Barcelona.
Wasn't that the itinerary, I believe?
Something like that, the goal.
Okay, so they're in Amsterdam and they're in this coffee shop and they're all passing the cube.
I'll smoke an up a storm and there's all these hookers all over the place.
And they get the tip from somebody in there that the hottest hookers are in Slovakia.
Correct.
So they have to get on the train and go to Slovakia.
I got a news for you.
If that's what you're looking for is to get laid and some hot ass and you're an Amsterdam and you've got to get on train to go to Slovakia.
You deserve to be in the torture chamber, okay?
That's how stupid you are.
Even Jay Hernandez, my buddy.
He doesn't always my buddy yet, but he will be someday.
What are you laughing about?
You want a picture for your next wallpaper?
No, I do not. Well, Jay Hernandez.
I'm going to replace Brady Quinn with Jay Hernandez who is marginal at best.
I mean, he's okay.
I mean, there was nobody know how guys in that movie.
That's why he looked so much better than his ugly buddy.
And then of course that Icelandic guy, that geek that they picked up on a road somewhere.
They should have dropped it.
I think he was the bad, the omen, you know what?
Oh, look, I feel like it's your place.
We got the fire alarm going off.
Do you hear it?
I guess we'll have to end the show now a little bit early.
Sorry, Chris.
I got news for you, man.
They're never going to let you out of there, even if the whole building is on fire.
And I'm going to let you out.
And the fire department won't respond either.
The fire department for the listening audience is right around a corner on the Ives Derry Road.
Worked down the street about a mile, less than a mile.
And they don't respond when our fire alarm goes.
Huh? Right next to the dumpster.
Right. Right next to where George Buys is dope.
1071, 1070. I can actually hear that.
Yeah, I got my mic on.
Not nearly as impressive as the ones I got.
You've got to admit that.
Well, you're hearing the one from the hallway.
The one in here that shut off.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, because they don't want you guys to know the buildings on fire and you're going to die because the show must go on, baby.
Hey, listen, I could handle it.
We only got about seven minutes to go in four minutes of his spots anyway.
And if you look at this last last break, we got like 400 units in it.
Nice go on, Chris.
I still say we have to sell five second spots.
Hey.
So that's like in a minute, that's 12 units.
So that means we can do 48 units of breaks on a show.
But never good.
Nice.
You think so?
Yeah.
1071 votes on the pool.
What do you feel most guilty about?
And probably this, I'm this pool.
I think we ought to add that this pool because I voted for nothing, but I feel guilty about doing this poll.
Sorry, Sean.
It's not a bad poll, but I should have separated it in by a couple of weeks anyway.
When you think that would have been better.
Although they don't seem to really care.
You know, it's just something to vote on.
It's like, like that story I just had, they took a poll online.
Would you use the dollar coins?
Yes, you know.
And two thirds of us said yes.
Out of 38,000 respondents on CNN.
How do you like that?
As opposed to you guys who are just a couple of hardasses.
No, we don't want the dollar bills.
No, can't have them.
Stick the coins in the garden, okay?
Screw coins.
If you want.
Now they do have something to have a hole in the middle.
Some of the old European coins.
No, seriously, there were some of the old European coins.
I think some of the German ones in like Scandinavian coins had holes in the middle.
But nevertheless, you do want me to put this poll as an option?
No, I do not.
When you just relax, the poll is done.
Just relax, okay?
You're under too much stress today.
Too much stress.
Just keep in mind you're going to pick it on Thursday and then Friday you got the day off.
You got a five day holiday weekend.
Yeah, you're welcome.
I love it.
I love it.
I thought you're welcome.
Come and listen to a story about a preacher named Ted.
The King's Club taking met in heaven day, say,
X and just when you thought he was a super-registered,
out-cancestors, it sounded pretty good.
Bad things, bad news.
Gay escort.
Sort me left.
Well, the first thing you know, old Ted's a hypocrite.
Then and gay love, while he was loving it,
they said, beg forgiveness and drop to your knees.
Then cry, say, you sinned and ignore hypocrisy.
