You know who, Neo Rogers is my father. He's coming up next.
The views expressed on the previous programs are those of the host, guest, and college.
And they're not like those that the music broadcast group that's advertising for you.
The biggest news.
High school football.
Wow. He's knocking the team there, Josh. Knock in the box.
It's going to be fucking, it's going to be three points until the end.
It's a broad show.
Nice.
Roger Scott.
It's just these guys nippin' suds and whatever they had to get it.
And the people that call in, they're just like them like that they were on the year.
What a call at the weed, and they're high, and they're...
I mean, it's terrible.
The years that I've been looking at, listen until 610, and I see it.
Hey, who really cares?
Hey, hey, Katie correct.
The viewers are on the attack.
They're too busy on it.
I want to stand by the fire.
Hey, hey, Katie correct.
Go ahead and tune for me.
CDS trying to justify now.
You're all the phones out of me.
Hey, hey, Katie correct.
Don't just stand down for some reason.
Talk the rain that's empty boosts and the rainings.
Take the floor of the two APC.
It's said I wanted 560 WQM.
It's a sport show disguised as a morning show as one of those.
When he said high school football, you could knock me over with a feather duster with your pinky.
God, I can't...
I mean, what are we talking about?
Sports?
Yeah, but high school football.
What about high school parchesies?
Pretty exciting.
What about elementary school volleyball?
I like tetherball and boxball.
What about badminton?
How's that?
When's that coming up?
Sounds bad, man.
Oh my god.
It's a disease.
It's a disease.
Call the exterminator, man.
It's a disease.
Anyway, moving right along.
What are we going to do about that, right?
Right.
What's that got to do with the price of rice?
Is Howard Bealwood?
So I got a good movie for you.
I don't care what Josh Cordes says.
And by the way, Josh, your team does suck.
How do you like that?
It's very early yet.
They got a field goal though.
That was good.
I couldn't believe when...
You know, I have that...
Well, we all have it on it.
If you have the package, the...
The channel has got all the scores.
You know, the running scores and the time.
Yeah.
And why so they popped the tree on it?
The odd ride, Josh's team got a field goal.
Let's hear it from Bucks.
Rhyme is with suck.
But nevertheless, couldn't go to be Tristan and his old.
Kind of like what Josh...
What the Jule Fimbres is about to me and Hank and Mad Dog.
Tristan and his old with Sofia Miles
and the lovely James Franco, who's a lot prettier than she is.
It's damn good.
I'm sorry, Josh.
It was panning it.
So I immediately ran out and got it
because I knew it would be pretty good.
Plus, I want to see James Franco naked and I did.
But it was good.
That's why I like it.
That's a big part of the reason why I like it.
I'm telling you, it's a good movie.
It's just average.
It's a nice movie.
I said to you that the...
Look, I would be honest with you.
The only good thing in this effect that he was naked
and he looked pretty good.
And I'll tell you who also looked good was...
You agree with me that the guy
and I have no idea what the actor is.
They played his step-brother.
Remember when his parents got killed in the first
the brutal scene in the movie?
A lot of that brutal British Irish medieval killing.
But his step-brother looks just like him.
If he didn't have the facial hair,
they'd be like identical twins, which is kind of bizarre.
Do you think there was kind of strange?
No, I didn't really think about it.
Oh, that's right.
You wouldn't notice that.
I see.
Get out of here.
When you stop, Jesus.
God.
All you heteros, man.
You're so sensitive and so uptight.
Oh, I would not see what guys look like.
You're okay.
Yeah, she wouldn't much.
She was all right.
This is a good movie.
I'll take action.
Romance.
Quite a story.
Made Romeo and Juliet pale in the wind
significance although Leonard Wedding would have been
goodness in tights.
Blood-drying project leads
to teach you the suspension,
Salina Kansas.
And you know, yesterday I made a bad mistake.
I'm going to try not to do it again.
Well, I wouldn't say yesterday is the only time,
but there was that story.
I know which story it was to.
It was going about Israel and the Palestinians.
It was a good story.
I mean, it was very important stuff to know and get out there,
but it was too long.
Okay.
You know what I mean?
No.
No, I'm not going to read.
I'm not going to read unless it's a column.
I mean, if it's Lorraine Dupts.
Lorraine Dupts.
Green doubt or Frank Rich,
I'm going to read the whole column or Doug Thompson.
But I'm certainly not going to read these long.
It doesn't hold anybody's attention.
Even mine.
You know,
nobody wants to listen to some old bag
that I'm already reading a 600 page story.
I mean, 400 not too bad.
You know, although today I got the tabloids.
I got the globe and the inquire.
And I recommend very hardly if I never get turned
down anything good today is the day.
Get the national inquire.
The one with Oprah's picture.
I'm with the alarming look.
I don't know.
Oprah catches Stedmo with another woman.
Well, it's about time.
You got a real one.
Yeah.
But then it's not Tom's baby.
Tom is fuming.
I mean, wait till you find out who it's who's baby.
They say it is.
Somebody.
I like it a lot.
Maybe Michael Jackson.
I better close the door because I told you that.
I'm viral.
I'll get to leave.
I'll do people stop out there.
Leave us alone with these viral.
Let me know.
We have a real higher.
OK.
God almighty.
I'm so tired of this crap.
And anyway, it's not times.
Maybe if you open up to the center of full, the center piece
where the staples are, I don't know.
The thing, Quire has a center of full.
They're ain't no naked picture in there.
But if you open it, well, it's a good thing.
They're not naked.
Plastic surgery of the stars.
Who's had it?
And who's hiding it?
I think who's had it is a very appropriate term.
Wow.
When you see bad strison, pharafosite,
and Janice Dickinson and Miss Manolo,
when you see there's a whole bunch of others too,
but those in particular, you're just plots.
You just will pee in your pants.
Get to the pens.
Selina Pans is a high school science teacher
who's suspended for allowing students to use
the same instrument to draw blood from their fingers
as part of a class project.
Mr. Fafishal said yesterday about no comments now.
About 50 juniors and seniors in two science classes
at Selina High School South use the same lancet
or small pin to prick their fingers on Monday.
They said Carol Pits spoke to them
in the Selina school district.
The science teacher who was not identified
was suspended with pay during a investigation.
Pits said there was additional concern
that some of the students may have come in contact
with blood and they watched the science experiments slides.
I know.
She said it was unclear what experiment
the classes were doing,
but they may have been checking blood glucose levels.
Oh, I could do that right now and hurt me.
Now let's see my fingers.
I got more, well.
Yeah.
She said that this was taking steps
to ensure the students were tested for diseases
such as HIV, hepatitis.
Both of which can be spread by using a shared instrument
to draw blood.
Oh boy.
Yeah.
This is minimal risk based that I don't think
there's any reason to panic,
but I would.
I'd panic.
I like that.
This is the kind of crappin' goes on
with your kids in school, man.
What's your lunatics using your kids
like some kind of a science project?
Remember that movie My Science Project with John Stockwell?
No.
I sure do.
Hey, hey, hey, look at that.
888 votes on the poll today and we left off
a very important one.
You better put on there right now.
That's my bad.
I can't believe I left it off.
Must be because I ran off the woodbind
to have a really good day for a change.
888 and we left off, I hate this poll.
That's your trick.
You usually leave that off.
Right.
Well, you know our crowd at that
and who does that in total?
I know.
Not that we're in jeopardy of not getting a thousand.
We're gonna have like over 900 and before you know it.
Before you can snap your ass.
Edwardsville, Illinois.
Here's another before you, huh?
No, that man.
I want to keep that out.
A man who admitted, listen.
A man who admitted in court
to tearing off the head of a kitten
after a fight with his girlfriend
has been sentenced to two years in prison.
When it comes to animal abuse cases,
we don't get prison sentences all the time.
So it's always good when we do Stephanie Smith,
spokesman for the Madison County State Attorney's Office
said that the case against Jacob Thornton.
Thornton 21 was to have had a preliminary hearing last Thursday
on the felony and animal torture charge,
but instead tweeted guilty.
A judge ordered Thornton sentence reduced
or ever sentenced to run concurrently
to a prison termally into a parole violation
on a 2005 aggravated battery conviction.
A 30 said that after a July 28th
to speak between Thornton and his little girlfriend,
the 30 year old woman left the home
before returning to find her kittens head
and he danced body in the front yard.
That's like one of the same thing, Kristen and his old.
That isn't?
Kitten scene.
I did like that scene when he chopped the guy
that the evil doer, the guy that looks just like Ron Silver.
He chopped his head off me.
He went out there to the Irish mob
out there waiting by the moat and he held up his head.
Yeah.
They were all going fat.
Well, I've had those brits in the Irish, you know,
and the Indians and the Pakis and the all over.
Just the same one.
And the Israelis and the Palestinians.
Four days after he was charged with animal torture,
Thornton was also charged with virtualizing
a motor vehicle.
Night case is kind of, he's just a slime ball.
Yank the cats head off.
Not a good idea.
All your kids out there do not be a twist in cats heads off.
They'll be twist in the cats head off.
At least not until after you take them out of the microwave.
Okay, here's yesterday's poll.
We had 1692 votes.
That's pretty heavy duty for Wednesday, right?
Smack dab in a middle of a week.
You know, that's not bad.
Although I do notice a tremendously decreased,
well, just one day of it like today.
Yesterday, how come there's so few people
reading our bedtime stories yesterday?
Maybe because I'm reading them all on the air.
That could be.
I mean, the rest of the responses,
stellar, it's fine.
There are a lot of people listening online
and people are voting on the poll and dittling
and twiddling and whatever they're doing.
Yeah, it's always interesting to read.
I mean, not to be influenced by this sort of,
but to read the reviews at IMDB
or whatever movie you're watching
or gonna watch.
And then you find a motivation for people watching.
Oh, there's a, like I told you,
a ton of reviews for.
Who's gonna get Ricky up low?
I'm on in the job.
I'm on in the job.
I'm on in the job.
I'm a Dean of job.
Here's the, I'm a Dean of job.
And he's kind of like Mel gives you a big
and square-fibre anywhere as a brown jacket.
That looks like he bought it at Banana Ray public
off the dish count rack.
I'm on in the job.
I'm on in the job.
I'm on in the job.
10, 19, 5, 60 WDQ and Mad Dog at two,
then we got the power hour,
time to take a shower and maybe a get the flowered
with Hank and the Mad Dog between four and five.
The Humpers solo, five to six, 30.
And then the fourth and final game
that had long pond was series
that Marlon's finally won a game last night.
Let's hear it.
How about Marlon's at the Mets,
the fourth and final game in the series,
pre-game at 635, game time 710, 80, 10 to the game.
Now I'm gonna have a nervous breakdown.
I hear him.
What, I'm not talking about that.
I can handle that.
That'll end.
I'm talking about when you get,
trying to find the name of a movie
or think of it or the name of a book,
and then you can't run away.
I don't even agree.
What was it?
Was it run away, Jerry?
I kind of saw her or heard of.
Let me tell you, Robert's in the role played
the priest and he lied on a witness stand
about the tickets to the Yankee game.
And Dustin Hoffman was the,
and Brad Pitt was in it too.
Brad Pitt was their,
oh, oh, oh.
He was part of the group of buddy.
He also, right.
Oh, I'll find it.
Well, I'm a little Brad Pitt now.
I'm looking at his filmography.
Let's see.
Crude Awakening, no, state of play.
Now these are ones he hasn't even released yet.
Now, not Ocean's 12, good God.
Confessions of a dangerous mind?
No.
No?
What was that?
I don't know.
Are you sure?
No.
But that sounds awfully familiar
to confessions of an dangerous mind.
But I don't think it was.
Oh, directed by George Clooney and also Chuck Barris wrote them.
Oh, no, that's the,
both the Chuck Barris book.
You're right, it's on it.
That's the Chuck Barris movie.
Did you ever get to see that?
It's pretty good.
It was actually very interesting.
Friends?
No, that's not it.
Spy game.
The Mexican snatch.
Oh, don't say that.
Fight club.
Oh, God forbid.
Meet your black.
Now, Garstead of the Sun.
Seven years in Taipei.
These sound like they pre-seed
the one I'm talking about.
The Devil's Own.
12 Monkeys.
Seven.
What's in the box?
The Legend of the Fall Good Movie
with that serene.
I don't know what it is.
You know what I'm talking about, though.
Right, I do.
I don't know.
And he never was in it.
And he was the setup.
He was the flunky attorney,
whose job was to make sure he lost the case.
George, and then looking for the movie
under its own name.
I don't remember Dustin Hoppen being in it.
But I only saw it once in a long time ago.
So I could be very wrong.
I thought Dustin Hoppen was,
well, maybe I'm confused.
I don't know.
I'm pretty sure he was.
I'm often confused.
I'm positive that he was.
I'm positive.
How do you like that?
I'm not pretty sure.
I'm freaking positive.
I know D'Aro was in it because he was the priest.
By the way, we left off his most famous
you know, the graduate.
What do you mean by that?
What are you talking about?
What good movies is that?
I don't care what he was in.
I want to know this movie now.
I don't give a crap about that.
Don't try to change the subject now to pacify me, OK?
Midnight, come on boy.
Just give me my wittina and just cut the crap.
Yeah, I know what John Ford,
I saw it and you didn't.
How do you like that?
Hot shots.
Draw dogs.
154 votes.
What?
Straw dogs.
And you don't want to see midnight cowboy.
Is there a very young person?
Happy old was good.
Very depressing, very morbid.
And they're on the bus.
They're going to Miami Beach and on the bus
on the Greyhound and Dustin Hoppen dies in the bus.
So I ruined the ending there for you.
So you know, Ratso Rizzo.
Letty?
The long story?
Well, that was the learning work history.
It's about a guy who couldn't speak.
President George W. Bush said yesterday
if he had fermentelgents that Osama
of Adelaide was in Pakistan, he'd issue an order
to go into that country and go after Osama.
Smoke him out of his hole.
But his statement to an immediate response
from Pakistani president, Pervert Musharraf, who said,
Pakistan had such a handle, such a situation itself.
He's extremely sensitive about possible form
military intervention inside his borders.
He said, when in doubt, stay the hell out.
How do you like that?
As to the interview with CNN whether he'd issue an order
to go into Pakistan to kill or capture bin Laden,
as deputy I'm in the Pymon Al-Zawari,
Bush repaid, absolutely.
Definitely, he had it, we would take the action necessary
to bring them to justice.
When Bush's remarks were put to Mr. Sharifat
in news conference, if you win the Pakistani leader
replied, we wouldn't like to allow that.
We'd like to do that ourselves.
Right.
Oh my God, perfect, Mr. Sharif.
Not one of those good, deshumanitarians.
Those good, democratic leaders who of course
is busy exporting nukes to all the other slime balls
of the world.
But nevertheless, don't confuse him with the facts.
Publicism on here, those kind of things.
Here's our poll today.
And if they don't stop it at a fire alarm,
you're right, I'm going to start having a nervous dump.
I'm going to do one right in the hallway.
I'm going to do a big smelly pile right in the hall
if they don't stop this now.
How long can that go on?
But wait, sleepers was in it?
That was it.
That's it.
It was a great movie.
I forgot Dustin Hoffman, were you sure?
And he wasn't it, right?
Yes.
I guess.
I don't remember what he was in that movie though.
Well, who was he?
He just told you.
Pudgy guy.
Oh, no, he was Danny Snyder.
See, I told you, they can listen to the beeping out there
in the hallway because he's Googling sleepers 96.
Kevin Bacon, so you can use it in your six days.
Oh, Kevin Bacon, they killed him in the restaurant.
Remember that?
I don't want to ruin everybody, but they killed him
in the restaurant.
He was a real slime ball.
Yeah, he had it covered.
Yeah.
Kevin Bacon, Billy Crudeup, Crudeup, Robert Zanero.
Many driver was in it.
Oh, Dustin Hoffman.
What I tell you, what is wrong with you?
The Neural Play Father, Bobby.
And he had the baseball.
He had the steps from the baseball tickets.
He lied.
A priest who lies, Jason Patrick, Brad Pitt,
Brad's way down the list on the credits on that kind
of interesting.
Brad Renfrow.
Oh, Bruno Kirby.
Good buddy, who's dead now.
Oh, yeah, Bruno Kirby.
He is dead.
Poor Bruno.
That's right.
He's the one that was like Joe Pesci, Jr.
He reminded me so much of Joe.
And then he was like a cross between chicken heck and Joe
Pesci.
Am I right?
Yeah.
He looked more like chicken heck, but he sounded more
like Joe Pesci, but with hair.
Yeah, a little bit of hair.
Well, chicken heck has hair too many puts on that beautiful
blonde piece.
Even Mo would be tell us all that.
Remember that time I think I put that on there and I walked
in there, walked in there, walked in there, and
well, anything.
You walked in, just agitated and aggravated it.
Oh, that looks really good.
Those were the days, baby.
Those were the real days.
We had a morning show.
I think we have more sports on the wall than when he was on.
You know, I don't want to get started with that, but
you're the one that started picking that scab.
And I was turned into a gigantic infection.
All of the spik that picks.
Can you smell it?
Yeah, here's the spik's picks.
Olmer ratings tumble in the aftermath.
Oh, and by the way, Katie Kureck speaking of tumble hair
is our tumble like a dryer, like a closed dryer.
Wow, they are dropping like Iraq.
Unbelievable.
Nice going, Katie.
Nice black eyes, by the way.
Really beautiful job by CBS.
They deserve every, you know, something even a CBS eye.
You ever notice what color it is?
Black.
Just like her eyes.
The approval ratings of Israeli Prime Minister A.
Hollywood Olmer and his coalition allies,
A.R.F. Russia shut on the list, have tumbled further in the wake
of the Lebanese war according to opinion polls.
When asked, are you satisfied with A.
Hood Olmer's performance as Prime Minister?
Some 68% of respondents answered, no, not satisfied.
According to a poll in the Haaretz Daily,
there's your favorite newspaper, an increase of 28%
is points since the survey taken August 11th.
Only 22% of Israelis said they were satisfied with Olmer
compared with 48% who approved his performance
in the August poll.
If Parliament relations were held today,
Olmer's Kadimah Party would get 16 seats
compared with the 29th holds right now.
In other words, as they say in Lesbian on,
they're off to tourists.
And its main coalition partner, labor party,
would get 15 seats against the 19th holds now.
The opposition right wing, LeCoude Party,
would double its Parliament receipts to 24, Oyevay,
while the extreme right, Benton-U party would get 18 seats
compared with other holdings.
Well, that's bad news.
Wow.
And anyway, if that Benton, I, Benton,
nothing will be held back.
Then the whole world blows up.
Speaking of things coming to an end,
the inside radio mavens, Tom Taylor says,
the bloom is off the rose with satellite.
I don't want to say I told you so,
and it's not over until it's over,
but satellite radio is just like Katie Kirkman,
falling like a rock.
MS Boss Jeff Smolion tells yesterday's
Dixteen Shapiro session at the NAV in Dallas,
where finally starting to see the end of the satellite,
Cache, he jokes that everybody knew about satellite,
nobody actually subscribed to it.
Of course, both services have subscribers,
but very stern, analyst Victor Miller recalls,
when XMN Syria said they turned the corner
at 4 million subscribers, that didn't happen.
They haven't gotten a 4 million,
and they're losing their ass, and that's why it goes.
And nobody wants to pay for it and our stuff.
Especially the music that they can get their own music,
just like I just updated my iPod there,
which took about one, three seconds.
Don't be hasty, and if it all does,
I can't fire a lot, but it's still on,
for radio fights, I'm keeping it all away, baby.
I'm here, I'm a guy who calls time and says,
I'm a kid, outside the day showin' no, no, no,
all been here, baby.
You should've asked me if you could continue,
CVS, if you thought all of me
hasn't much better than this, your career.
K, you've never been from love,
where does it go?
I still need a strategy in my mom's face,
dreams, those I love.
There's something I want to know,
I'm your number one face.
You're my girl.
1034, she's drapt it like a huge bomb, baby.
In fact, she's probably drapt a lot of bombs
that she looks at those numbers,
and then looks at the reruns of the news on,
oh my god, are my eyes really that black?
And do I look that bad?
No, that didn't competent, am I?
She's like, oh yeah, she's so far out of her realm,
she just walk off the set, Katie, say, okay,
somebody else is gonna come in here now and do the news.
Old putty, daddy Bob Sheefer is gonna come
while I'm in here with his walker, and I'm leaving.
That's it, that would be the best thing she could do.
I'm beginning to think that when Josh watches a movie,
I mean, I don't want to get too critical,
so everybody's got different tastes.
But I ask you these questions,
I don't think you even know who the characters are.
I think you were probably snoozing through that thing.
What, what smoke and a hope?
No, whatever.
I wish I was, no.
No, but seriously, I don't think you even know
one character from another.
I mean, I saw it a long time ago, I'm just kidding.
Get outta here.
You don't even know who the damn characters are.
It's like a new...
You know what, yeah, you're right, I made it up.
I didn't even see it, and just...
Like for example, when she,
they were gonna marry her off to that big guy,
I looked like the beast on unstillts, you know?
Yeah.
You saw that guy.
I, you know, I vaguely remember him, but okay.
I know he's not gonna...
Oh my god, when you need to see it again.
That's what you need to do.
All right.
991 votes on the pool, by the way.
Listen, it's a very good flick.
Don't listen to him.
It's about a six.
Get outta here.
Watch this, my ass.
It's like watching it.
You know.
That was about a 12.
It is.
It's a 15.
It's a 15.
It's a 15.
15.
15.
15.
15.
15.
15.
15.
15.
There you go.
Well, now see the one guy, the evil doer.
The most evil doer, the light evil doers, but the turncoat,
he looked just like Ron Silver.
And of course, that's perfect, because we can't stand Ron Silver.
Now what's his story?
Besides being a right-winger in a self-hating Jew.
Is he a Scientologist too?
Ron Silver, I don't know.
He's an after-the-
Besides an A-hole.
No, I know that, but he's just, oh, I hate him.
He's almost as obnoxious as that Ben Ginsburg,
that the right-wing attorney with the red face,
that they're always as a trotting out, you know, to debate,
Ben Ginsburg.
Oh, my God.
Only 25% in poll approve of the Congress.
Now here's the New York Times.
Let's see, what polls is New York Times CBS?
Look at this, a footnote, it says Katie is drop in life or rock.
With barely seven weeks into the midterm elections,
Americans have an overwhelmingly negative view
of the Republican-controlled Congress,
with substantial majority saying that they disapprove of the job,
it's doing in that its members do not deserve re-election,
according to the latest New York Times CBS news poll.
And unlike these other polls, like Gallup,
who of course is the right-winger, the Republican,
the little Harris is a Democrat,
and the George Gallup or Frank Gallup,
whatever the hell his name is, Frank Gallup was on lights out.
Is a Republican, or this polling, I think he's dead.
The mistake for Congress is as intensive as Ben since 1994,
when Republicans captured 52 seats
to end 40 years of Democrat-controlled House
and we took the Senate as well.
It underlines the challenge of Republican Party
faces in trying to hold on to power
in the face of a surge of anti-income encampment sentiment,
in spite of the ineptitude, the very, very weak need Democratic Party.
Very, very weak.
Week, week, like Al Martino said in the Godfather,
my voice is weak, weak, and we say to the Democratic Party,
you cannot do it, come on!
Come on!
But for all the clear dissatisfaction with the 109th Congress,
39% of respondents said their own representative deserved re-election,
compared with 48% who said it was time for somebody new,
like Clay Shaw, get him out of there, goodbye Clay, get lost.
What is more seen highly unlikely,
Democrats will experience a sweet, similar to the one
Republicans experienced in 94, most analysts judge only about 40
House seats to be in play at the moment,
his own name would say in play.
This bucksman is sure can't play.
Compared with overhand the dolphins, man, they really can't play.
Oh, and I didn't move with each other.
Compared with over 100 seats in play at this point 12 years ago,
in large part because we district,
he created more safe seats for both parties in real scam.
The poll also found that President Bush had not improved his own
original race party standing through his intense campaign of
speeches and events and the dog and pony shows surrounding the 5th
anniversary of 9-11.
The speeches worked a heart of a Republican strategy to thrust
national security to the forefront in the fall elections.
In other words, the bottom line of their strategy is...
Be afraid. Be very afraid.
Right.
Mr. Bush's job of liberating was still 37% of the poll
virtually unchanged from last time CBS News poll in August.
So one like those other polls always make it a little uptake yet,
uptake my ass.
On the issue that had been a ballwork for Mr. Bush, 54%
said they proved to the way he was managing the effort to combat
terrorists again unchanged from last month.
Republicans continued to hold a slight edge over Democrats in which party was
better dealing with terrorism, though that edge didn't grow since last month,
poll despite Mr. Bush's flurry of speeches on national security,
including one from the Oval Office of the United of 9-11.
The time CBS News poll found a slight increase in the percentage of Americans
and said they approved to the way Mr. Bush had handled a war in Iraq.
Well, that must be a big percentage of the polling so well.
Up to 36% from about 30 million percent.
The results also suggest after bottoming out this spring his approval ratings
on the economy and foreign policy of returning to the levels of about a year ago,
both at a meager 37%.
Wow.
Cross the board to pull on Mark Dishon Channel with Congress highlighting the opportunity
Democrats see to make the argument for a change in leadership.
And once striking findings, 77% of each fund is affording 65% of Republicans said
most members of Congress said nothing a good job, not good enough to zero
for every election. It was time for some new people's.
That's the highest number of voters saying it's time for new people since the fall of 94.
In the poll 50% said they would support a Democrat in the fall congressional elections
compared with 35% who said they supported Republican.
I like that.
And of course anybody with a brain said, hub mall injury.
You know, all of bunch of crooks and gangsters and incompetence
and what's going on? Why are they stealing our money?
What are they doing with our money?
Well, here's what's this Sean Penn will be now? Is this all a Kingsman?
Okay, yes.
The Academy would win your Antioch in the snowmouse of the day with the identity of the election
future and for the fall of all the Kingsman.
See, I told you, while we're moving intensive on it,
should we look at the flip?
2015 votes it's not even 11 o'clock.
10-15 baby at 10-40. How do you like that?
Which every time you like better, 10-15.
We like 10-40 better because we get out here sooner.
In fact, we like even 12-40 better.
The biggest name of the best talent ceases is the unrotors for 20-25.
60-18-M.
WQ-A-M.
Hey man.
Hey, who's this?
It's Jeff. Hey, I was in your restaurant and it smelled like Updog.
What is Updog?
I don't know. What's up G? Yo, yo, yo.
Get it?
No.
Okay.
Who would you speak to in this place, catering order?
Hey, Richard.
Yeah.
I was in your restaurant, my wife and I, and she was commenting as I was,
then it smelled like Updog.
Like what?
Updog.
What is Updog?
No, what's up with you, G?
Get it?
Hey, hi.
Yeah, hi. A gizuntite.
Hey, I was in your place and it smelled like Updog.
What's Updog?
Eh, not much. What's up with you, G?
Yeah, what's Updog? What's Updog?
Yeah, that was yo.
I'm B.C. What, what you doing?
Your place smelled like Updog.
Okay. Bye.
Get it?
Yeah, hey, how are you?
Hey, I was in your place and it smelled like Updog.
What is Updog?
I don't know. What's up with you, G?
Get it?
Ha, ha, ha.
Richard, I'm a virgin airline.
Just put $3 billion to help fight global warming and bubble standing behind them there on the stage.
Hey, my other driver.
Does he never see a driver?
Or is somebody looks like a truck?
I don't know. I don't know.
Who is that?
And then that one, Spanish soap, man.
I beg your pardon?
You're watching, dropping the Spanish soap.
Tell him on there.
Watch where you drop.
Over there on the right there?
I came up with a solution for all the problems in the world.
You know what it is?
The best tactic.
Some very brave American is going to kidnap Wolf Blitzkrieg.
They're going to put him in a dungeon and they're going to force feed him trough.
Ooh.
They're going to force feed him when these bacon-triple cheeseburgers, half a dozen of them.
Right on Russia's showroom.
This is the beginning.
How can I get involved in that project?
Mums are bastard.
He is, man.
What do they keep putting him on her?
Like he's some kind of an objective.
It's one thing to be on a stupid show of his.
You know, in the situation room, in the pathetic situation room,
I'm Wolf Blitzkrieg.
But then they put him on her some panel.
I forget who he was on with.
Your buddy, uh, lowly $50 a night.
And, well, the Republicans are very good.
They're wonderful at getting out the vote.
They're, blah, blah, blah.
Yeah, he's got his head so far up there.
The Neocon ass, man.
It'll take a party of eight to get it out there.
Forget about party of five.
Now, I did order Freaks and Geeks from Amazon.
It's going to be here in a day or two.
I.
And you didn't even know about it.
You didn't even know what it was.
I'd heard about it when it was.
I never heard about it.
It was on one season in NBC.
Yeah, I didn't.
Must have been really good then.
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
I am DB.
The kids liked it anyway.
And James Franco was in it.
He played Danny DeSaria.
So the old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
The old people liked it.
He could do it and not foster you it.
He could do it and not foster you it.
He could do it and not foster you it.
He could do it and not foster you it.
He could do it and not foster you it.
He could do it and not foster you it.
He could do it and not foster you it.
He could do it and not foster you it.
He could do it and not foster you it.
He could do it and not foster you it.
He could do it and not foster you it.
He could do it and not foster you it.
He could do it and not foster you it.
He could do it and not foster you it.
I do like that.
I do like that.
I do like that.
I do like that.
I do like that.
I do like that.
I do like that.
I do like that.
I do like that.
I do like that.
I do like that.
I do like that.
I do like that.
I do like that.
I do like that.
I do like that.
I do like that.
I do like that.
I do like that.
I do like that.
I do like that.
I do like that.
I do like that.
I do like that.
Love that.
Do you know that.
You do remember that, don't you?
You remember that, don't you?
Do you remember that, don't you?
Yeah.
You didn't see this movie.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He saved him.
He saved him.
When he had a young kid and he had his hand sliced off
and he reached in there.
but he once again.
And he had a full hand.
Remember that?
You remember that.
You remember that.
He said.
I said, you know, maybe you can accept me even though I'm not whole.
And she said, yeah, I got a surprise for you.
And he said, yeah, that was what I was hoping.
But anyway, when you stopped, the bag of tainted dill baby
spinishes the smoking gun that's allowed investigators to zero in on three
counties in California's greater Salinas Valley.
It's a Dr. Mark Horton, a motor favorite of Tim Horton's.
Officials said consumers shouldn't need bags spinach even as they close
in the source of the bacteria and is likely somewhere in Monterey,
San Bernardino or Santa Clara counties, California.
That's where a lot of the evil stuff comes.
The West Coast, usually Arizona or places like that.
In fact, the first case of this crowd was in New Mexico.
Ever been in New Mexico?
No.
I've driven through it.
I didn't know.
No, thank you.
I'll opt out.
Why not?
I don't want to drive through it.
The whole Mexico.
No, no, New Mexico.
And I'm talking about the people.
I'm talking about the close of the scenery and the mountains.
The colors are beautiful.
In the summertime, it's just incredible driving.
I'm waiting for California.
I'm waiting to go out there and see it.
Honled.
Albuquerque.
Yeah, you've been here?
No, that's where there's aliens took the lady in a blue van.
Well, that's right.
The runaway bride.
I guess I have to play that.
I don't want to play that.
Do you want to play that?
I don't want to hear it again.
Oh, we'll be.
Anyway, here's the pool.
Did I ever do this pool or not?
This one here that we're talking about today?
Yeah.
I don't think so.
Did you add?
I hate this pool.
Oh, you did.
We got 13 already.
See how that boosted up?
That's where we had a 1042.
We're going to be close to 1100 votes by 11 o'clock.
And then maybe when we close to 1200 by 12, and then by 1 o'clock, we'll have one vote.
What do you mean?
See the way this works?
Mm-hmm.
That's show is a sports show, man.
When he started Ramla, I wish he wouldn't pop that up so early.
You know, it could be a good place.
What are you doing?
Was I like to?
What?
We potted it up at 4 till today.
Well, that's too soon.
What?
What two afters?
That sounds about to stop.
At least I wouldn't hear that.
Man is that depressing.
Oh, yeah.
We got to talk a lot more about high school football.
High school football, my ass.
Are you people crazy?
This is South Florida.
This is supposed to be a major market.
Not something like an even New York candidate with New York, where we're worried about the
candidate with redskins and whatever the hell we used to be.
Who cares?
Jesus, man.
Stop with a narrow casting.
Talk to the broad audience.
Talk to some broads.
Yeah.
Talk to some broads.
Yeah.
There you go.
Talk about some big boobs.
Besides the one that played games and takes showers together.
Sounds awfully awfully gay.
To me.
In fact, you notice that seems to be their big topic under now.
They do.
Well, this is you gay.
They're obsessed with that.
I think people, well, let's get to this poll.
That's happening.
Huh?
It ties right in.
I know all I need to know about somebody if they vote Republican 379.
Believe OJ is innocent.
170.
Did not have a Holocaust 153.
Like Aquadena Judd.
Home school, their kids 101.
I just like San and Aquadena Judd.
I better put it in the video.
He just said it was exaggerated.
I beg your pardon?
In that interview, remember?
Yeah.
He just said, but about all the other two pick it the other day.
No, that isn't what he said.
He said, what about all the other two were six million people killed.
Right.
Which he does have some kind of a point, but he's a virulent anti-Semmage.
Sure.
You can understand that.
But he's got reasons.
Where were they just head year 97?
Speak with a list 38.
That tells me a lot.
Look into sports talk 33.
What if they listen to sports talk and talk with a list?
What do you say then?
You ferry.
Watch the view 28.
But I take a dim view of that.
The pizza car.
Call radio talk show is 26.
Well, you don't have to worry about that.
They're not calling this one.
Not what I'm on.
Only when George is on.
Although Josh does take calls off the air.
Hi.
So, you know, I hate this poll 13 and vote.
If they vote for RalphMater, we know 11.
We know that.
No sense, no feeling.
1053 votes.
Not too bad.
Not too shabby.
Yeah, I think who's going to take that assignment to kidnap old books
create and lock them up somewhere?
He is the anti-Christ man.
He's evil incarnate as Howard Bealwoods.
Who said that?
Who did say it was a line from network?
But who the hell said that?
Evil incarnate.
Don't you remember that?
Maybe it was Lorraine Dobbs.
No, Lorraine Dobbs was a badass comia.
Not too pink though.
She was good.
Well, everybody in the movie was good, but Josh didn't like it.
That's one of those things.
Can't we get you to watch it again?
And it takes some notice.
Stop it.
I like the message of the movie.
How far does it mean when you want to buy 10 minutes?
I'm a master at all.
Or I don't think it's anything anymore.
All over the world, people are opening up the windows and yelling that out there.
Even though it's a little delayed reaction, you know?
They should be.
You know how many years later it is?
But turn, man.
I'm pretty sure with 76.
One minute, am I wrong about that.
I was 72.
All day long, we're going to be googling movies on here.
This is pretty exciting.
I like IMDB a lot.
It's a very useful resource.
Yeah, yeah.
Absolutely.
I agree with that.
Absolutely.
Now let's see what I'm looking for in network just a year.
See who gets this first.
Of course I would all depend on who's got the fastest computer.
1976, like I said.
See how fast this baby is?
Mm-hmm.
I really would get you one of these computers if you want if you thought it would be valuable to you.
As much as I would hate to turn down the offer of a nice new computer, the problem here is the connection.
There's nothing wrong with this computer.
Specifically after I paid for a 250 gig hard drive to stick in here so I could go back to music.
Oh my God.
Wow.
Oh well.
What do you expect from my QA and from Beasley Broadcast?
I think you're going to give us like our own exclusive line on there with the internet.
Like the internet?
That's all I expect.
Oh, that's right.
Very well said.
Right down the moment, the 1056 on Thursday, September 21, 2006, George Stucket right where it belongs, man.
That's all we expect is a paycheck.
Nothing more.
Nothing less.
The biggest name, the best talent in the game.
I saw in Neil Rogers' 4th radio 560s, UAM.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your brain.
We don't think it's going any questions.
They are back.
Your favorite Jewish rock and roll nostalgia band.
It's Russia, our son, and up with their greatest hits album, Suck Up at the Synagogue.
My rare heart is that it's going to took us as a baby.
My name is my rare heart.
Yes, Russia, our son and I has reformed a re-u 12 kosher cuts of hoppin Hebrew Hicons.
That guy is good for you.
This album should be in every once a doctor, Ockers collection.
Rolling Stone gives it five stars of David.
That I will never never never never never.
Who wrote the book of Joe's?
Suck Up at the Synagogue.
You from Russia, shout it out.
Available in all record stores.
We'll talk right when you get here.
So pass over this album.
It's eleven o'clock.
I'll tell you one thing.
I sure like Walmart a lot better than we ever did before.
Really?
A way to hear this.
All right.
Even though they are evil and they stick their testicles and tentacles in the every place they can.
Walmart announced today only seconds ago, I just didn't expect the paper to still hot in my hand.
That it will start a test program in Florida where it will sell generic prescription drugs for $4 for a 30 days of plight.
Fought third man.
The test will start tomorrow on 65, 10th of a area stores and is to expand to the entire state by January.
In a statement, CEO Lee Scott says the world's largest retail and tends to take the program to as many states as possible next year.
On average, generic drugs tend to cost between 10 and $30 for a.
Fought third man.
Lumpa long supply.
The world's biggest retailer said it will test the program in Florida that will make 291 generic drugs available,
which are used to treat a variety of conditions from allergies to a high blood pressure for only $4 per prescription for up to a 30 days supply.
It will also be available to the uninsured.
The group will be launched on Friday at 65 Walmart neighborhood mall on a wall market and send a message again.
65 Walmart neighborhood market and Samsung's pub pharmacies in the 10th of a area in Florida and expanded to the entire state of Florida in January.
The company said it plans to take the program to as many states as possible next year.
They are sweeping the world. They're going to extract every dime, every penny, every checkle from your pocket.
They're even going to reach into your account.
I go the long probe and get everything you got.
I was ready to give everything I got in the hallway until they finally stopped at a fire alarm thing.
I was driving me wacko. That's got to be the longest one they've ever run.
Just to piss me off, I'm sure.
Each day in our pharmacies, we see customers struggle with the cost of prescription drugs that Walmart CEO H. Lee Scott Jr. in a statement,
no relation to Ray Fisher Jr.
By cutting the cost of many generic to $4 or Eddie Lomire Jr.
By cutting the cost of many generic to $4, we're hoping to ensure that our customers and associates get the medicines they need at a price they can afford.
The initiative will be the fourth time since last October that Walmart has moved to improve health benefits.
That goes on kissing their ass. We don't want to do that.
About the unions and we don't care about any of the respect.
We already know that. We've covered it with a blanket.
But this thing is kind of interesting. You don't take?
What that drug thing?
You have 291 generic drugs, four bucks for a 30-day supply.
I like to find out what's the scam.
Is that what you were going to say?
No, no, I like to find out what the 291 drugs are.
At least the ones that I take are under.
Some of them are expensive as hell.
I guarantee that's not going to be under for $4 or 30 pills.
Do you have a cost for 100-day?
They don't give you 100. They give you like 90.
About 300 bucks.
You following that?
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh. That's right.
Yes, steep.
Steep my ass.
And we'll see. We'll have some lunch.
Bill O'Reilly's death wish.
Uh-oh. Bill O'Reilly made it.
Well, let's grant him his wish. What do you say?
Well, there's off-my-head job holding a news conference if you win.
I did it again. We will simply monitor this.
Off to leave. We had it.
I don't want to put it on here because you might say something that my-
No, it isn't.
And says I'm going to learn how to say his name.
Is it off my jinn-it dad?
No dad.
Daddy-o.
1077 on the pool.
We'll have 1100 in a shake.
Two shakes of a lamb's tail. I'm going to go home.
Bill O'Reilly made me the most fervent flag waiver on cable.
A pay-pea-to-believes in torturing terrorists and profiling all Muslims.
But is that enough to get him targeted by al-Kaeda this ask?
And what is this on? This is on code or radar online.
The Lufloving Fox News host is raising 20 of eyebrows around the U.S.
After telling Barbara Wawa an interview with ABC's 2020 that the FBI came in and warned me
and a few other people at Fox News.
She's another one. She has no business ever having been on the air.
Being on the view, the stew, the air.
She is pathetic. She makes me hate my ears.
She's got horrendous speech defects.
She's got nothing to say to anyone. She's just an idiot.
If you want to, we want to find out about some other things.
Yeah, he's like a step away from framed Russia or walking at for anti-Semitism.
Yeah.
The Lufloving Fox News host that's a Arradiya again is raising 20 of eyebrows around the office
after telling Bob Wawa that the FBI came in and warned me and a few other people at Fox News.
And al-Kaeda had us on a death list.
Oh man. He must be sharing some of Russia's stash.
Talk about hallucinating.
Arradiya describes the experience as well as other violent threats he says he's received
from various coups as disconcerting.
But the reaction from some of his colleagues sounds more like his belief.
I've never heard that before since a correspondent for Fox News who let it neither he nor anyone
who spoke into it than I was born by the FBI II.
I do know the government has warned Fox about threats in the past, but I don't think they involve specific people
to this and I'm an anonymous person.
A high level executive and other cable news channel is less circumspect.
That sounds like absolute volstment to me. It's typical Arradiya he says.
We've never received any similar warnings from the FBI or any other government agency
and we've done plenty reporting to piss off in line.
Scores people at CBS News and ABC also said that they were seen and I received warnings.
It's only Bill Arradiya baby.
Asked about Arradiya's claim Fox News reaction was equally confounding.
Media relations director Leah Yoon repeatedly insisted that I work had nothing to say
because Arradiya's interview was being aired on ABC.
We should be the shouldering the burden of somebody saying something else on some other network she said.
In other words, ask them and Coxalhoids.
Guess what? Mafria was born in.
I don't know October.
Yoon.
Anyway, there's a Mahmoud Ahmed in the job.
Ahmed in the job.
Yeah, how you got that?
Ahmed in the job.
Ahmed in the job.
Yeah, see if you say it over and over again.
Ahmed in the job.
Ahmed in the job.
I'm on in the job.
I'm on in the job.
I'm on in the job.
He's really good.
I'm on in the job.
Here's the news.
I'm on in the job.
And he's got a life note.
He was the same scruffed beard anywhere in the brown jacket.
It looks like he bought it at the name of me.
I'm on in the job.
I'm on in the job.
I'm on in the job.
They're holding her around.
I'm on in the job.
I'm on in the job.
I'm on in the job.
I'm on in the job.
I'm on in the job.
We're never so afraid of train.
We won't poison their foie gras.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Jim neighbor she's dead right I don't know. Oh better Google's him neighbors
But you got some neighbors where it did yeah, I did a ton of nights. He just croaked
Who's the little kid who was a little kid on that show that wasn't runny?
Yes, yes Howard running Howard Opie. Oh, he was just as ugly as he is now and anti-griffith there
There are Opie and Anthony. He's a lot. That's gonna be our new morning show. He's still alive Jim neighbors
Well Jimmy Jimmy through fairy TV legend anti-griffith is really reading from new health crisis the actor underwent emergency surgery after falling and breaking his hip anybody
Care about any riff it. Oh, I'm gonna find the next story. Oh, baby number two for Tom and Katie and a wedding is in the works to yeah
Oh, yeah, this is in the global but the
Enquirer's reporting it's not Tom's baby. Wait till you find out who's it is
You'll be real excited. I know I was somebody. I like a lot not
Kristen what's the name James Franco?
Yeah, I got to find out a little bit more about his background. He's Jewish though. I told you that
It tells me one of the most important things I need to know. Anyway, I don't care about baby number two
It's just you know Michael Jackson's got two also
DeYD is the party over for Paris we can only hope so
Let's see who's hot. We got Martin Sheen and who's not Pamela Anderson
That's good news to you since you hate her like poison
The bucks and bombshell admit she spends a whopping $9,000 a day on makeup. What a waste it says
Oh, yeah, go on his health and don't help sweetheart
Man Kelly Clarkson the American Idol winner sold her $60,000 hot pink Mustang convertible after learning that an adult film star
Had the exact same model grow up Kelly it says
Let's see today stars abuse or deal murder fiora. I wonder she was abused by Matt Lauer or maybe the other the other guy
What's his name the black fat?
One that's tip towing along that he's he's high-stepping it in that promo. Oh here it is
Diana didn't know who fathered Harry. What's how many Diana was sleeping around when she was married to such a prestigious fine-looking queen? I mean the prince
I'm got news for you know, I don't care what anybody says everybody's in tell their own opinions just that usually they're wrong
Diana I have seen better things
Based
He felt right in with that family of sure he faced bucktooth the goofballs
He felt right in there. He was a ugly man. He was much into about nothing. I mean and anyway, so you know like the the sun
He looks like William who from a distance looks really good, but then he get a little bit closer
And oh, that's it Charles Oliver again with the ears and the teeth prince Harry, you know, he's the kind of like orange-headed
Goofy one. Yeah, yeah, the real ready red complexion
It says princess Diana never knew for sure who fathered her son Harry
That's the shocking revelation royal author Nicholas Davies makes in his blockbuster new book
Diana the killing of a princess I'll get back to you Diana
Davies reveals that Diana began a passionate affair with dashing British army officer James hewitt in 83 James hewitt
Did he do it a year before she got pregnant with Harry and then they got the pictures here and I got news for it
He looks to hell a lot more like James hewitt he does like Charlie, which is thank God for that for him
Wow, hey, he's got the same face
That prince Charles man. I'm got news for it. Man when they invented the word me. Yes. They had him in mind
He is and of course another donkey tooth is it well Camilla. Oh, yeah
They all they all got that they're all about the same jeans man
The paste the in bread brits. Yes. That's correct only Charles a few close friends in the world protection police
Where we're at the Diana with you. It's lover before Harry's birth and the reality is going to Davies
She isn't sure who was Harry's father in her heart
She wanted to be hewitt and suspected was more likely to be him and her husband their relationship
And developed in a way full blown sexual relationship surely before she discovered she was pregnant
But at the same time she was still sleeping with Charles. Oh, oh, that would be like a as old as thinking with that big
Beast looking guy. I saw that in the movie and I thought to myself the beast has got a white
The biggest name of best talent
You're a broad source for radio five sixty you a
Wait a minute. Sorry. No pressure
Yeah
Don't get in that Mercedes princess. I would beg and please pop or hot cheese come in
I'll put you you're gonna crash if you will know more rich guys for you
Princess I
Oh princess. I
He's really going into a tunnel. Hello
I
I'm Mary the hitler boy
Harry's a hit the boy oh boy. I like trickling up in uniform with the swastika
On each arm now everyone does an airy
As the funny thing didn't he enjoy oh boy. I'm a Nazi friend. I'm Harry
Harry the hitler boy
Second
Even gets worse. I'm Mary the hitler boy
Harry the hitler boy oh boy
Went to party in a big brown shirt
And now the family name is dirt my dad is sad. I'm not William
We wouldn't want to sleep in the tap boys
Sit on the throne. I'm Mary
Harry the hitler boy
Hey, hey, are
I
Harry the hitler boy oh boy
Harry the hitler boy
Just trying to get in touch with the German roots. That's all. What's wrong?
It's 1119 at 560 W. Come and speak your mind. I said might stay with you buddy. I'm a dina job
In government. Yeah, okay. Oh this if I can in his first because I want to get through all this townboy stuff
This person. No, I'm serious. This is just came in just came in hot off the news wires from the QM news department
Oh
That's a split show. Oh, God. Not to say lie to me or anything like that, you understand?
Good. They well not for a summary. I see. Joe mama or Joe somebody a group of young boys attacked a homeless man
Who was sitting on a van to an Estalon park last night and flicking serious injuries. Here we go again
It's like a hobby now in roward
It was a second attack and help with some of those people at the park by youth and eight months today Shaan Knenoni
oh no
Oh, a spokesman for the homeless voice, a real warranted a news release that four
Saturdays is going to be known as the hate crimes capital of the USA.
Florida will once again be the most dangerous state for homeless people in the US.
The expressiveness he puts keeps putting them out there in street corners.
Homeless advocates plan to alert the homeless to possible danger by passing out fliers
and talking them later this afternoon.
I wonder if he's still living in that big expensive house, Sean Conone.
Wiggymdale T-Ders 44.
Oh, you can't say T-Ders on here.
As in, nice T-Ders, huh?
How about nice T-Ders?
Wiggymdale T-Ders 44 were stabbed several times, but he was so bloody investigators
couldn't immediately tell the extent of his injuries.
Said Katherine Collins, police spokeswoman in a relation to Joe Collins,
former first basement of the Yankees.
T-Ders was initially identified as William Peters by police late yesterday.
The accident happened around 930 last night in the 400 block of southwest
second street, not a good hood.
Peters told officers he was reading a book on one of the four boys on bicycles,
punched them in the face.
One of these cut him in a head with a knife.
When T-Ders ran, the boys chased him and he was stabbed in the upper back.
It seems like he tried to defend himself and was cut, Collins.
Said he did have some serious gashes.
The slash opened up his forehead.
Ugh, sounds like something from Tristan and his older.
And by the way, it's not his older, okay?
I hate to break the minute.
Maybe Zelda, but not his older.
Islty.
Yeah, Tristan.
Rhymes with Tristan.
T-Ders was treated at a Brown general medical center released around 930 this morning.
The hunt is on for the boys involved in the attack.
Police think all the boys would be between the ages of 12 and 15.
And all to be murdered, they ought to be executed right on national TV.
That would get Katie some numbers on the Katie Kirk CBS news.
I would even turn over to watch that.
I'd pull the switch.
I'd fire the shots.
Estadol and Park was a scene of a fatal homeless beating on January 12th.
That shocked the country as I'm sure you'll recall,
unless you've been hiding in the cave somewhere.
Like Tristan and his old, they were hiding in the cave.
Nor as Gainer 45 was beaten to death by three teens
who police had attacked two other homeless men at the same time.
Well, we know that.
Anyone with information on this latest attack is asked to call crime stoppers at 954-493-TIPS.
And those kids ought to be like horsewhip and try to oppose them, let everybody beat the crap
out of them with a baseball bat and then execute it on TV.
What's ever left them?
Get back to Diana just briefly because I know nobody cares about her and her docky teeth.
Who?
Ever since Diana died in Paris tunnel nine years ago.
In nine years, wow.
Rumors of Swirl that she was wearing an engagement ring given to her by
Dodie Fyatt, fueling speculation that she was murdered because she was going to marry a Muslim.
But Diana's former butler, Paul Barrel reveals she was indeed wearing Fyatt's ring,
but it was on her right hand and they were not going to get married.
She made it clear this was not an engagement ring.
He says in his new book on Diana the way we were.
All the way we were, which was good lead into that picture of a bab strison.
Seriously, when you see this, you will thank me profusely for turning you on the bus
into the inquiry.
You have never, and she looks beautiful compared to a Ferris Fawcett.
Barrel says that Fyatt had showered, which is nice for a guy from the middle east.
Oh, I see, showered Diana was romantic gifts, but she fredded about what might come next.
What do I do, Paul?
Oh, it's not her.
Oh, please, no, please.
Oh, no.
Not Arab Russia's show.
Get her out of here.
Is it?
What?
Russia's.
This weekend is a new year, man.
You better start learning your dualities.
I thought I had you educated.
I had that calendar, but it's out of date I haven't gotten into it.
Well, how about the regular pedestrian calendar on the wall in there?
It's clear over in the other room.
I can't read that.
What is it saying here?
Josh, look at Saturday.
What does it say?
Does it say Russia's on on on?
Besides the 23.
Yes, it does.
Russia's on on.
Where you go.
So I'm assuming that means it's tomorrow night at Sunday.
Is that correct?
Right.
Well, I'm like I'm asking you.
Am I sure he's going?
Hey, I know.
Well, it could be Saturday now.
It could be Shabbos at the car.
I don't know.
I don't know.
And I don't care to be very honest.
Oh, now can you say that?
Can't you be a little more genuine?
Please, Yamada would be so as she couldn't care less.
He went, she was alive.
Liza, Liza, Liza, the divorce battle turns even uglier.
Even uglier than she is, which is saying a lot.
Now, what's her husband, David G.E.S.T. is?
Is that just?
Guest?
Guest.
I could have guessed myself.
They already nasty to go.
Now, who we supposed to know who he is?
He's a concert promoter.
There you go.
The nasty divorce between Liza and concert promoter,
David Guest, is to take another vicious down and dirty turn.
They 60-year-old stage in screen star.
Now, accuses of a strange tubby of trying to poison her
and Guest 53 has blasted back,
charging that Liza had sexually transmitted disease
but hit her from him.
Ah, word she hipers.
A bigger part?
Word she hided.
Braco.
In papers filed, the man hattened Supreme Court,
Liza claims that she was living in fear while she and Guest
were together, terrified that he was trying to poison her
with drugs.
But Guest, who previously claimed the Oscar winner,
when a repeatedly battered him,
accuses her of hiding her STD, herpes simplex from him
until while after they tied the knot.
And sometimes they give you a knot.
Like on your lip.
He claims he or she or she or she,
claims he only fought out about it six months after they
whid.
Now, Guest attorney is a demanding that Liza reveal
when and how she became infected
and they plan to make her medical condition
an issue in the bitter divorce.
Right.
If she had herpes before, they wed March 2002,
that would be a fraud
and their prenup could be thrown out.
Oh, no.
Instead, they're not having sex.
Look at these people.
Well, of course not.
She's nothing but a fag-hag anyway,
just like her mother was, right?
Let's see.
Furgie, we don't care about Furgie,
we don't care about Mariah Carey.
Here's a good one.
You're going to love this one, Guarantea.
All right.
I'm Tonya.
Seriously, I know a lot of people laugh at this stuff,
but everybody and even more they care about this stuff
and the more fascinating they fight it,
the more they deny it and lie about it.
They do care.
That's why I'm incorporating it into my new format
for the show.
A lot of this stuff.
Sports?
Yeah.
Oh, anything but sports.
High school football.
Seriously, I don't think I'll ever,
no, I don't think I'll ever become a criminal.
I'm talking.
We should talk a lot more.
I know you should know.
Oh.
You should not please.
I'm not sure if somehow looking quarterback
on one of the teams then I want to hear about it,
but other than that forget about it,
Jesus God.
You're fair.
Man.
Oh, it's about Larry King's underwear.
I'll get to it after the break though.
I thought it wore a piece.
I thought he wore it.
It depends.
Blue ones though.
1126 down the pole.
We might be dancing with 1200 by 12 noon.
In my prediction, dancing with Wolf,
with Wolf's free.
It's trade, Wolf.
It's trade.
They're trafing up your food for the Jude holidays.
How do you like that?
You was really loving phony, baloney.
You bushloven piece of terry.
You're right-wing phony, Zionist, maniac.
I'd like to stick his ass in the caboats
and the rest of them in jail somewhere.
Off my dinner, John said.
There's nuclear programs.
27 after the RQM.
We got the mad dog coming up at 2 o'clock.
Have you ever felt the moment you pay for something
as the moment the store stops carrying?
It says, good luck to you.
Goodbye.
Dylematris is always at their best
after you buy your new mattress.
Like I've been doing for years,
what you ought to do if the old mattress
is lumpy and worn out and just had it.
Just call 1-800-Matris.
That's all it takes is that one easy call.
Get factory-direct prices lower than the chain stores
and Dylematris offers you 12 months financing too.
They're whole deal all the way around
with the so-spec tanker.
You'd have to be a moron to buy a mattress
in any place or any other way.
Call 1-800-Matris to get the lowest prices
on the best brands, too.
Not any off-brand goods that nobody ever heard of,
but the best in the universe like Seely.
And Surta, King Coil, Simmons, Temporpeding,
and Sterns and Foster Hewitt.
I wonder if he's kind of that, uh, what was the guy's name?
Who?
Bill?
Diana's buddy.
Dylematris also delivers a 99.7% on-time delivery rate.
You choose the date and time you want that new mattress
delivered seven days a week from 8am to 10pm.
You pick it to our window and they hop right through it
through their on-time every time.
Even the same day that you cause matter,
fact if you call right now,
you could be sleeping in comfort like a baby tonight
and for years to come.
Aftercare is one of the major reasons
why Dylematris continues to be ranked number one
of customer satisfaction as they've been for years.
So if you need that new mattress for you
or maybe for one of the college kids or anybody
else just make that easy call.
Call 1-800-MACRIS, 1-800-MAPTR-ES
because you can leave the last there soft stands for
Stupendous Sensitial Savings.
The biggest name of the best talent
to be this wheel-rodgerist
for 3-0-5-16-2-AM.
This is Sonnet Delanford.
I have a collect cost on laryking
when you accept the charges.
No.
There's something terrifying on Pacific Air 121.
As is your captain.
Sit back, relax,
and enjoy the live in Brighter Dude.
One snake's on a plane
going somewhere in Jackson.
And no, is it no!
I've had it with these mud-
no, valence on this mud-
late!
As is your captain again.
A friend will make an emergency landing.
Tony contains his rolled-out of the nose of the aircraft.
This summer,
terror is signed and the sluggishly span
that sends some scars.
What makes it my queen?
Tony, I got him!
Oh no!
Don't play that music!
Stop!
Don't be fussy, guys.
No, that's one.
I view it that Moushara...
they try to...
Al-Qaeda, they try to kill Moushara
several times.
And I view
President Moushara
if there's somebody who would like to bring Al-Qaeda
to justice.
And that fact, we'll be discussing with him on foot.
With him...
With him...
On his head, like the Friday, the one.
And ask your buddy with the wolf-
wolf-cree.
This is just me,
but what's his buddy?
Making cheeseburger?
Both of them.
Club him, both and reared.
1141 votes.
Excellent!
Paul, I even jured him in a bed before the show.
And this is the poll that Sean sent us in.
Thanks, Sean!
And George Shindeman.
Now you just never got it, probably.
Like some of those fan-themed emails,
I know that people say this.
See that?
That starts getting...
Making you paranoid.
It's like gaslight, you know?
Like did I read the...
Did they read the semi-the-emailages and come through?
Or they just mess with my mind?
And it goes both ways.
Like did I really send that email?
Or...
No, no, well, that could be.
I know all I need to know about
somebody if they vote Republican 401.
Operant territory.
We would...
We would take the action to
bring him justice.
Vote Republican 403.
Believe OJ is innocent, 195.
Oh yeah, we know about that.
Deny the Holocaust 168.
Like Alfred Emanjueid.
Oh, there's pervert with Sheriff.
Every...
Do we have anything?
Yeah, up here is...
He said,
a home school for their kids 111.
Where religious hengueer 101, strange smotters.
Speak with a lift 40.
Listen to sports talk 35.
That tells me a lot.
The more they listen, the more it tells me.
Watch the view 33.
Call radio talk shows 31.
I hate this poll 20.
Only 1.7 percent.
You're right.
It is a great poll.
He sure knows his polls, man.
And you're a dissing him.
And vote for Ralph Nadeau 12.
Only it doesn't.
No, you never...
He never got it, Sean.
I don't feel bad about it.
He probably smirked it.
Mm-hmm, this is...
1150.
Can I do the Larry King thing about his underwear?
Yeah.
I mean, I realized that this is on the edge of my seat there.
Not as important a lot of other things are going on in the world,
but I don't want to get too newsy that guy I'll call him.
You know, if he ever took any calls, which I won't.
Here's something CNN's Larry King is unlikely to dish about on his show.
The TV talker is so superstitious that he only wears blue underwear when he flies.
Turns out Larry had that color on the first time he ever said
his foot on the airplane and has kept up the strange habit ever since.
He wears a strange habit.
Yeah, I can know.
It's work, see?
He hasn't crashed yet.
Yeah.
Now, yeah.
Now, what about cats and heros?
Did she got her underwear?
But is Larry only fly jet blue airlines as well?
No, I heard that Larry lately has been having brown underwear.
Oh, ho.
Anyway, here's a picture of this.
This is...
Sorry, this is another one,
because you've got to get the magazine globe to see the picture.
Okay.
Austin actress Kate Blanchett.
And here's a picture of her puffing on a baguette.
Okay.
With shades on.
All right.
She, honestly, I did not see what's in...
He's got a lot of things.
She's got a pal that has to roll.
She has a nasty nasty nasty nasty looking thing.
Otherwise, he's great.
I mean, so am I, but I'm out of movies, you know?
Kate Blanchett is a dead ringer for young Bob Dylan.
And I showed the two pictures.
Man, couldn't separate him with a crowbar.
For her role in the upcoming biopic, I'm not there.
Others have played legend in her distinguished various stages of career,
include Heath Ledger, Richard Geer.
Oh, Heath Ledger, Richard Geer.
And Christian Bale, as Dylan himself would say,
the times they were changing on that's cute.
Leo de Caprio is spot, this is this making the scene.
I like this.
Uh-oh, I see brothers, lead singer Ron Eisley was sentenced to three years
in one month in prison for tax evasion in order to pay 3.1 million
in back taxes to the IRS.
Emeo Estreves engaged to Sanya Megdeski.
Do we know who she is?
No.
No.
Well, he does.
Leo de Caprio buying pots and pans at Williams' Sonoma in Beverly Hills was spotted.
In that very domestic, Leo.
And now what movie is he in that's coming out?
Which I think is my thing.
Matt Damon's in it and Jack Nicholson and Leo got top billing,
which I thought was amazing.
And Jack Nicholson gets third billing,
like a cop movie or gangster.
You know what I'm talking about?
Like undercover cop movie or something.
Actually, you're going to go to that and give me a son and dance there.
Wasn't any good?
Because then I'll go around and get it.
No, it actually doesn't look that bad.
Uh-huh.
But previous.
Well, I'll tell you the previews with uh-
all the Kingsman looks pretty good too.
Impressive.
Even though what's your name is in a Kate Winslet.
Oh, yes he is.
Nicole Kidman, a chowing down on our straight in Laxatel by dining with her parents at Morton
and Steakhouse in Vancouver.
Lance Armstrong and Paris Hilton hanging out together at the key club in LA.
Harrison Ford jogging on Martha's Vineyard.
Alyssa Milano having her hairstyle in Ampsiline in Vegas.
And here comes the best one of all of these.
Michael Bolton belting out a few tunes at the opening of Stoneforge.
Ha-ha-ha.
Stoneforge restaurant in Foxboro, Mass.
Oh man.
That's- you know you're really a maid's scarter when you're seeing for openings of restaurants.
Like when- like when you're a greeter at a restaurant like Larry Glick.
Or is that- what's the restaurant over there in the uh-
Sogras?
The Forge?
No, not the Forge is not in the Sogras.
The Seafood Restaurant from Boston.
Oh, uh- legal seafood.
Illegal seafood.
No comment.
OJ has never paid us a dime.
Murder victim Ron Goldman's dad's shoes for the rights of Simpsons name and likeness.
Got a real nasty looking picture of OJ here but then it can't be all.
This Grace football great OJ Simpson beat the rep for the murder of ex-wife Nicole and
Ron- the friend Ron Goldman in criminal court.
But Goldman dad intends to make him pay, pay, pay.
Fred Goldman's clobbered OJ-59 would have lost it.
LA court demanding the marketing rights to his name and image in likeness.
He should have been out of the play yesterday.
How much he would have beat out to Dustin Hoffman?
What do you think?
He would have done what to him?
Kill them.
Oh.
Goldman and Nicole's parents won a $33.5 million wrongful debt judgment against OJ and civil
court in 97.
Buddy is dodged paying a dime.
Goldman said he personally has never paid a dime on the judgment to anybody.
He's made it very clear over the years he's got no intention of doing so.
That's why Greg Reed and uh SCRUAN both of them are gone by the way.
And uh- and what's his name?
Sam.
Sam is also gone.
That's why they worked behind our back to make sure that they flew him in special.
Paid for his airfare and the wind and died.
But what if the earlier rangers' government had a limo form to take him to the
government and then tried to put him on the air with me too on the phone.
I said no way Jose.
I'll say it again.
We'll even take the call.
The special if OJ wants to call in on the show and confess to the murders.
I'll put him on here.
Give him all the time he wants in between breaks.
Still Goldman thirst for revenge against the former sports star who has
acquitted a double murder.
Goldman now wants OJ's right of publicity to help pay the estimated $20 million
plus interest owed him in the civil suit.
Quick crack in your fingers man.
He'll give you arthritis.
It'll give you arthritis.
And OJ's got that arthritis.
He should be a role model for you.
He can't run so fast.
He jumps so high.
Maybe that's the reason that he got dumped by her.
It's only because he's a murderer.
Meanwhile, OJ's attorney claims his client has broke despite the fact that
Jufe was in a luxury home in Miami in Kindle and sent his two kids
to Vineet Cool to Costly Private Schools.
It's not a question of intentionally trying to avoid anything since he
held to Lanter.
There's no money.
Right.
Oh, but as Globe reported in our June 26th issue, a Rache sex tape that appears to show
OJ and a three-simple two women is being sold for 1995 on the internet.
OJ denies its hymn but David Hans Schmidt is promoting the tape full of the
Globe.
There is no question in my mind the real OJ is having sex on this tape.
Now in on October 17th hearing in Santa Monica,
Goldman and his legal team will go after the rights to collect for any OJ
items that are marketed.
Says Goldman, any pain in aggravation I can cause him is just wonderful to
which we say amen.
Pain, aggravation may be an occasional stabbing or two.
The biggest name.
The biggest name.
The biggest name.
The OJ for radio 560.
The biggest name.
The biggest name.
I bet you.
Artyl, that's fired from the big U and went to the University of Mississippi.
I bet he got a 20-25% raise.
I'm going to give you a true story, a start-length story.
That last year coaches on the University of Miami staff
made less pervped position than the assistants
working for George O'Leary at the University of Central
Florida, but the Zoolog.
Now I know you're out there driving the cargo.
Now that can't be true.
That is the truth.
You can't handle the truth.
No, you can't.
For the mad dog, he managed to give away a 560.
The QAM.
George Green and Radio is what the Q4.
QAM.
I'm trying.
I'm trying.
Drive here.
What did you hear about the months?
And what they've done?
They said fire did some churches.
They shot and killed them none.
They say they're not really violent.
They say they're not really mean.
All those loathes are mad at.
And then it sticks to you.
Then it sticks to you.
What did he say?
And make those loathes all angry.
And act that way.
Maybe it's because he's from Germany.
He dies to shoot some little Nazis.
Then it sticks to you.
Now they're protesting in cash, man.
They're all going insane.
It's the profit no harm.
They say the vote be vain.
All those loathes, they're burning everything.
All those loathes are mad at.
Then it sticks to you.
All those loathes are mad at.
Then it sticks to you.
What are you going to do?
I see Miss Fudge is making up stories.
How he fled New York after calling the president of the devil.
He went racing out of there.
He's afraid of all those bush supporters.
Anyway, that is it.
New Mexico paper receives threat letter.
Random shootings to talk tomorrow.
Interspersing with this very important story about
Hillary's White House Exorcism.
Lost Crucist in Mexico.
In fact, wasn't George's making fun of the Mexico
little while ago?
I think I was.
A threat letter received by the lost
Crucist's son, the new list tomorrow
is the day that random shootings will begin in the city.
The anonymous extortion letter stated that
a city official deliver a large sum of money
by September 22.
We leave peacefully.
That's tomorrow.
Okay, so you have been checked.
That city official sent it out copies of the letter
to the and hope somebody would recognize the handwriting
and load officials.
Police will tend to Randy Lara.
Set officials blacked out the deadline other details
including dates and dollar figures demanded
because they believe releasing that information
would compromise the investigation.
The Friday deadline coincides with the start of the
whole enchilada festival.
One of the city's biggest yearly events.
The whole enchilada.
About 50,000 people are expected to attend the three day
festival.
You know, I really do miss Taco Bell.
Maybe that inspired me to go and get my Taco Bell
and eat that pasta.
I don't have enough.
Maybe.
I don't know.
I like it.
Lara said security will be enhanced
if the event and up to and after the deadline
passes police will not hesitate to reach out
to other agencies for assistance.
Officials offering a $25,000 reward
information leading to the arrest
prosecutor for ever sent the letters
saying tomorrow they're going to start shooting
up for a lost cruises.
But there is a Hugo handing it up
at the UN Hugo Chavez
who makes a lot more sense than some people
I know, like your president.
Well, speaking of your president,
Bush's top eight order today secret ritual
in the White House to exercise the evil
influence of Hillary Clinton is back in a globe.
Alan, we don't need to read the exclusive
about the the cranky guy
because all the horror is listening.
We already know that.
If he wouldn't have pulled that
that's sting around the bar
he wouldn't have opened up the hole in his heart.
Right.
Because his heart just stopped being
because all the blood rushed into it.
Right.
And he was still maybe be alive.
Crikey.
Well too late now.
Somebody should have told him, I guess.
According to a blockbuster new book,
Bush's most trusted advisor,
the anxious bald headed geek Carl Rove
authorizes ceremony in which
a priest and a former Baptist
minister tried to purge the West Wing of Hillary
in 2001.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh god.
How would you like to have been a fly
in a wall for that?
That the power of grace can help you.
The power of grace can help you.
The power of grace can help you.
Oi.
The power of grace can help you.
What's that movie that I see him in the other day?
He was in some, uh, he's pretty good.
He's a good actor.
Who?
Max von Sida.
Max von Sida.
He's great.
He was being the merciless.
He's great.
No, that wasn't it.
The book, the architect Carl Rove and the master plan for the
absolute power says that it's a father,
father, uh, Marin.
Actually, I always get them confused.
Father Karris was what's his name?
When not Alice Karris,
but father Karris was the young priest.
Right.
Jumped out the window.
Yeah.
Come into me.
Come in.
He was good.
He's dead.
But Max von,
that interesting.
What was his name?
Jason, uh,
Robards.
Jason, uh,
something.
Okay.
What a memory.
Oh, Jesus.
I'm pretty sure that's it.
You better Google it though.
I think it was Jason Miller.
I played father Karris and father Marin and the point being that he was like
of what about 30 years younger than
about 30, man.
Max von, see down and Max is still alive and he's a slave to the fishes.
Father Karris.
So I probably shouldn't have jumped out the window.
Am I right?
Jason Miller?
I'm looking.
Come on.
Oh, that's right.
You got that so computer.
I could have done it five times already.
The book, the architect Carl Rove and the master plan for absolute power.
Jason Miller says that when wrote to go over the former first ladies
or officiated a Catholic blessing,
through rid of evil spirits,
the secret right was arranged by Deal Hudson, a former Baptist minister
and publisher of a conservative magazine at the time.
It was an actual liturgical ceremony, Hudson told authors James Moore,
Wayne Slater.
We said at a table, we prayed a priest at a series of prayers, including a blessing,
a brocha.
It was about five minutes long, but it was substantial.
The office note that Hudson was Rose Wright,
a man for Catholic outreach in the 2000 presidential campaign
and attended the ceremony.
I saw it as sincere and purifying.
The office would be perfectly understandable with all the negativity
that Hillary received during her time in the White House,
as it was a standard sort of blessing.
Barul Khatad and Na'aiya,
Kaksal Khaiskar, Roves like that.
But it hasn't seemed to have the Bush administration,
and goes on about the plummeting poll numbers.
Maybe the blessing were outhuts and now says with a smile.
Others, however, tell Globe that the ceremony wasn't just a simple blessing,
Rove clearly saw it as an exorcism to rid the office of Hillary's evil.
Ooh,
As far reporters about the exorcism held replied,
I'm speechless.
But insiders say that behind the scenes she went for a search,
she's seethings as one source.
She thinks Bush and his people are painting her
as some demented soul taken over by the devil.
L.D. Ambo.
No, we know who that is.
Yeah, he'll go full.
Diseskybo, hilltayette.
Do people really think she sits in bed,
rotates her head and spews out green vomit?
Maybe that's what turned it bubble off a little bit
and got him over there with the moniker.
Political dirty tricks are one thing,
but this is going too far.
It says, how do you fight back against something like this?
It's just outrageous.
Hillary believes the Bush people are just trying to
discredit her and she's fuming.
I don't know how she'll get back at them,
and this article says, but believe me, she will.
Sources tell the globe that several people in the Bush White House
do see Hillary as the devil,
especially Rove,
and he couldn't wait to get the exorcism completed.
Rove can't stand the Clintons,
especially Hillary says as a source.
He views her as the anti-Christ.
She stood for everything that he hates,
her meddling, her brashness,
her presumptuousness,
and thinking she was operating in a
co-presidency with her husband.
He quite clearly believes the Clintons like morals and family values
and are the perfect example of evil in America.
This is one of the worst slime balls
known for the worst dirty tricks and lies and smear and smear jobs
that have ever been done,
and he thinks that she's evil.
Yeah, talk about the Pope calling the Muslims a violent.
Gay star dishes on divas,
Rupert Everett reveals.
Who the hell is Rupert Everett?
Never heard of it.
Got a picture of him here.
I still know who it is.
Looks like some kind of a limy bastard.
He reveals his obsession with Julianne.
Rupert is his desire to bed Madonna.
His fascination with Julia Roberts sweat
and his fear of mad Sharon Stone.
Who doesn't look at day over 100 in this picture.
Looks like an old washerwoman.
Sharon Stone is on hinge.
Julia Roberts sweat is intoxicating.
And Madonna's animal magnetism is almost too much for gay actor Rupert
ever to handle.
These are just some of the stunning revelations.
Aren't you stunned?
No.
As your growth has been stunted, though,
but you may not be stunned.
In the eccentric ever revealing in his new autobiography,
Red Carpeth and other banana skins.
I'm sure he's seen a few.
I'll bet.
The 47-year-old British star who quits
Julie Andrews with inspiring his turn
down a homosexual path.
Surprisingly, he had flings with a series of beautiful,
high-proud profile women,
including actresses Susan Sarandon and Beatrice Dahl,
whose Beatrice Dahl.
I don't know some Dahl.
And rocker Bob Gelboss, late wife Paula Yates.
I'm mystified by my heterosexual affairs ever,
but then I'm mystified by most of my relationships.
And so am I by looking at this picture.
His first love was Andrews,
and after seeing Mary Poppins as a young child,
he began wearing one of his mom's discarded skirts all the time.
Oh, boy.
In 86 and growing up,
Everts fulfilled her lifelong dream
by starring in a movie with Andrews.
The Wed for One,
where he admitted to her,
I just want you to know that
because of who I was taking away child psychologist.
Everts was equally transstraced by Madonna
in a much different way.
He oozes sex appeal.
He writes about the middle girl.
She oozes, all right.
He oozes, yeah.
That's the right he was smelling.
It didn't matter if he were gay or straight.
There wasn't a man alive who wouldn't want to bet her.
Oh, sorry.
Sorry.
I think there's three of us who'd take El Paso.
By the way, he was in a movie called The Right Hand Man.
Yeah, his name in the movie was
Lord Harry Iron Minister.
He never got the chance,
but during a dinner party,
his Hollywood home is dog head his way with her.
My puppy started to lick her,
sniffing her crock,
sniffing her to dress before pinning her into a chair,
and humping her leg,
ruining her stockings, he says.
It's not the first dog she did.
I'll say to that,
right Dennis?
Everts did get to have a steamy on screen,
sex session with Seren Stone
in a different loyalty.
2004 film about the real life English
by Kim Filby,
it is a Murphy wife.
Her body was extraordinary.
He praises beautiful hips,
wide shoulders,
a flat stomach,
shapely breast and gazelle legs,
all wrapped in porcelain skin,
powdered and highlighted waxed and perfume.
But she scared him a silly one
she confessed him over dinner.
She was becoming possessed by Mrs. Filby's spirit.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
that film went straight to DVD
in the States and Everts career.
Never blossomed like that of a straight counterpart.
Hugh Grant.
Oh, Jesus.
But he did have one solid hit
in my best friend's wedding with Julia Robbins.
Julia was beautiful and tinged with madness.
He said she smelled vaguely of sweat,
which I thought was very sexy.
In other words, you don't bathe a lot.
There's a male quality
to the female superstar.
The smell of sweat
is a strange and powerful reminder
attractive and terrifying
of who is wearing the trousers.
Oh, brother.
In his book,
he bonons the corporate takeover
of Hollywood blessing it,
blasting it for bucks over everything
mentality.
He said, I think Tom Hanks is an ice actor.
But look at the stuff he's doing.
It's terrible.
We've lost it with greed and ambition.
Look at Johnny Depp doing
Paris to the Caribbean two and three.
Each one worse than the last.
Is that Tom Cruise isn't a human being.
He's a machine who doesn't do films
about real people in a bad machine, man.
And it falls in star male Gibson will be back.
He says because nobody in the entertainment industry
can remember what happened to the TV for yesterday.
How do you like that?
I remember he jumped up on Oprah's couch
and he yelled at Matt Lauer.
Yeah.
And speaking of John Revolta,
wait till we get to that picture again.
You fairy.
Once he coming out,
let him 57 a cue and we got mad dog
and two and over.
Get that power hour time to take a shower
between four and five.
The biggest name of the best talent
on this video, Roger.
4205607AM.
This is Coach Don Schueller
and I sound like Bob Hope on acid.
And I want to tell you,
it's the 12th of one hour or whatever it is.
Hi, this is Clay Aiken.
Thank you for making my new single
of the number one song in America.
Now, girls, listen,
yes, we all have our moments
are difficult times
when our little friend comes to visit.
I know what you're thinking.
Clay, is it true?
Do you have menstrual cramps like us?
Why, of course I do.
And that's why the maker of America's favorite
muscle relaxer and painkiller
has asked me,
America's favorite D.C.
to endorse the all new American Mido.
American Mido.
For those times you feel bloated,
you're cramping and you feel just down right bitchy.
You know, when you're well,
you're Aiken.
American Mido.
And you're spying me, Clay Aiken.
The guy gal who's finished second
to that no talent, Ruben Stettered.
And you know, I still can't believe
you people voted him as your American Idol.
I mean, I had no idea.
There were so many fat loser people out there
who could operate a damn phone.
I mean, what did all of you call
from the pay phone at the Yaw?
You can eat the faithless?
I mean, really, I had no idea what's going on.
American Mido.
For those times when life seems a little unfair,
you're very strict.
12, 3, 5, 60, WDQM,
Happy Thursday, 2,
September 21, it's the end of the summer.
Yeah, that isn't official tomorrow, like spring.
We have fall.
Whatever the hell season is.
Winter.
I don't know.
Speaking of Clay Aiken,
the reason I played that,
reading from allegations that he's gay.
Gay.
He's really?
Clay Aiken is getting a boost from President Bush.
He couldn't take this seriously, man.
It's in the globe of him.
He was naming the American Idol,
star to a blue ribbon, oval office panel.
I can't believe it.
The White House has announced that the 2070
world Rawling North Carolina native
has been appointed to the Presidents Committee
for people with intellectual disabilities.
While the president don't know a lot about that.
It's qualified.
Prior to success on the smash hit talent show,
where he came in second to Rubens Stuttered
in the second season of Idol,
but has outsold him album wise,
Aiken worked as a youth counselor for a YMCA.
He also majored in a special education
at the University of North Carolina,
Charlotte,
and helped found the Bumel Aiken Foundation
which provides Bumel Aiken.
That's what I thought you said.
Sounds like a pain in the ego.
As to me.
Is your Bumel Aiken?
Yeah.
Which provides opportunities for people
stricken with autism and other physical
and mental challenges.
You shouldn't be making a fun of them.
The president's recognition comes as welcome news
for the slender 2070-year-old singer,
whose image has taken a beating since
a former Green Beret County in February
that he had a gay romp with Aiken
as if we need to have testimony about this, right?
Right.
Exciting, man.
John Pollis, 38, claimed he had a 90-minute
sex session with Aiken in a room with the
quality and hotel in Gordon and Ruth Carolina.
I'm Janie Wray, two after they hooked up on an internet chat room
and a Boston teacher who
remained anonymous,
prings to a high-stage,
raunchy messages with Aiken on the gay chat site.
I'm not reading the website.
Clay's opening line was,
hey, you're cute, said the teacher.
And that's what I would say to what James Franco
if he walked in the door right now,
and this show would be over.
And he'd run out the door real fast.
Oops, wrong door.
Wrong room.
No, I say, but like I said,
you don't know what people look like
and you'll never see them in the flip.
All these different pictures on there,
all docked up right now.
I'm serious when you see these pictures in the inquirer,
it may change your life forever.
How are we?
You ready for it?
The man says Aiken turned on his webcam
and beard his chest and butt to him.
Bremco, ass.
While the idol star begged for a meeting,
they never got together with the man, said,
the shocking accusations prompted a Christian group to dump
Aiken for performing the show in Atlanta,
because we know that to certainly earn any gay Christians,
the pure fashion, a group that promotes the virtues
of modesty and purity in our culture,
claims it was buried under an avalanche of emails
from fans furious over the gay charges surrounding Aiken.
Meanwhile, Aiken has repeatedly denied that he's gay.
Plays devoutly Christians, as the source
goes to the singer, he's furious.
Clay feels these ugly lies come with the territory
of Aiken's celebrity.
Now it is appointment to the White House
committee Aiken will advise the person on issues,
relating to people with intellectual disabilities
and maybe able to put the gay allegations behind him.
Oh, God.
That's what it says.
Just reporting the stuff, baby.
Just reporting.
Now we get this inquiry.
That was only the globe.
That's the baby stuff, okay?
When you open the middle page here,
plastic surgery of the stars.
When you see Barbara straight there,
there's a...
She looks like she could pass for a Muthuzla grandma.
Believe me.
And...
Here's one.
There's four different pictures.
She comes out of the clinic,
plastic surgery, where clinic.
And she's got like a...
It says Barbara the Beekeeper.
She's got a hat and under it.
You know the things that the beekeepers put over their face?
Right.
You look at those lips.
And on a hood like a net,
she's got one of those on.
And she's drinking like fruit,
like juice, juice out of a box.
She's drinking a juice box with a straw through the net.
Unbelievable.
You just...
You have to see it to believe it.
Then there's Christina Aguilera.
And there's the original picture of Mousy looking, you know.
And now the newer picture,
she's definitely had breast implants.
She went from an 8 cup size to a small D, it says.
Small V.
That D-Lylus?
Yeah.
That's what I give her about a D-minus.
But Pharah Fawson, this is just...
It says two years ago,
once stunning Charlie's Angel,
Pharah Fawson was way beyond disasters.
She says, Dr. Boris, this is the guy from me,
with the plastic surgery guy.
Her nose looked the form with a droopy tip and a bump.
Now 59.
And she...
She'll look at day over 187.
Pharah's had corrective surgery along with Botox injections
and a really good facelift.
That's his opinion.
Her lips also look more filled in.
Pharah still has pros feet around her eyes,
but her hair covers any scars.
Her doctor did a great job.
The result is phenomenal.
Yeah.
Now she only looks like about 178.
Wow.
Bloodshot eyes just...
Oh.
I mean, 59, take it from an old far like me,
is not that old.
There are some 59-year-old chicks
that you make them up a little bit.
They look like 30, you know?
Right?
Absolutely.
I mean, her...
Absolutely.
She looks like 300 easy.
But seriously, you have to see it.
Then we got Ashley Simpson,
which who cares about her.
Then we got your girlfriend there.
You wouldn't even recognize her now.
Which is...
Jessica Simpson, what about her?
She is fast up to fattening her lips
with rest-style-ane injections,
which she's not telling the whole story.
She's had worked on her nose,
along with likely rest-alene injections below her eyes.
Definitely, her nose has been thinned out.
So Dr. Boris also believed
that she had rest-alene injections
in her lower eyelids to fill them out.
But just as spokesperson tells the inquiries,
she's had no plastic surgery on her nose or eyelids.
The only thing she's ever done is had her lips plumped.
You know, like those ballpark weeners,
you know, they plump when you cook them?
Yeah.
She's had her lips plump.
Well, and the good news in here,
speaking of that bitch,
oh, if I got a good piece of news for you,
why not, you don't share about them.
But for me,
and that is that he took her to the cleaners.
Nick, he took Jessica to the cleaners.
Of course, you never know.
And I was involved in a vibe.
What, you know, that he took my-
I heard that when it was going down.
I knew that.
I would say,
I was gone, Nick.
Always like him.
We've been more than I liked her to say the least.
Actually, she looks like,
it's not the same person in the two pictures.
You know what I'm saying?
She looks like a real sex pot in a new picture,
but
it's a big pun.
It looks like her lips have been plumped.
Then here's Brad Pitt.
Now, I'm not the guy to ventania.
Then in front of all the makeup they put on him,
almost as much pancake makeup as whoever we were talking about yesterday.
Who was it?
Oh, Bill Mar.
Yeah, Bill Mar.
No, nobody's got that much.
I think they just dunking his head
in there in that case mirror bokeh.
I let it go.
That's why we had to get rid of the crow
because he was using up all the case mirror bokeh
and Bill Mar wanted it.
Brad Pitt, it says it's true in 2003,
he went into a Beverly Hills plastic surgeon
of his for injections.
The facial filler were styled
and we raised wrinkles and smooth plop marks
caused by acne.
Haven't I always told you that?
His face makes James wood look like an old smoothie.
He makes a wane look like a cue ball.
That's how it went.
And now the new one they did a good job
covering it up or filling it in.
And then it's also got a jet.
Oh boy, it says, oh, Mandy, very mandelo.
She is looking pretty grim.
Says he's 60, but he doesn't seem to age it all.
And not because it could be magic.
It's because it's surgery.
And it's showed you the two pictures.
And he looked in both of me looked
yay, unbelievable old.
Then here's your bear more.
He's obviously had a booby lift or something
because man, she was saggy before.
Oh yeah.
Janice Dickinson.
Oh, oh.
When you see this picture,
you're like a long to look back again at the other ones
at Babs and what's your name?
Phara Fossette.
Supermodel turned reality show star Janice Dickinson.
51 admit she's a plastic surgery junkie.
Tommy Tux, Boob Jobs, Botox, Faceless, Fat Grats,
Chemical Peels, the mother of two has had it all.
She looks like she looks like she's auditioning for the monsters.
Yeah, she's a beast.
But Janice should have skipped her last lip enhancement.
This is the formity beyond the formities
of Dr. Boris.
Hopefully they injected fat because if it's something
more permanent, Janice may have destroyed her face.
The skin on her left cheek looks wavy.
It looks like she's fed up.
I'm serious.
Go out and get this.
I'm not a big part of the inquirer.
But believe me, get it.
Then there's Marsha Cross, which the two pictures to me
look the same but more lipstick.
And Lindsay Lohan, who looked better before,
much better than now.
She's like a cow.
We've discussed that often how she used to look
like the one I've been before.
And actually got the big boobies.
I'd be down.
Oh boy, full seat cup.
Yeah, gives me a cup of fatigue looking at it.
Alyssa Milano.
I don't see any difference that she's older.
That's all bigger boobies.
Okay, yeah.
That's all right.
And Nicolette Sheridan.
Yeah.
What?
She used to look good on her.
I used to go.
No, she's 42 and she looks 41.
I'll have to see.
Now she looks pretty good.
She'll see.
You'll go on and get this.
I will today.
And the main thing.
I didn't we find out.
Alyssa, the other day, Aaron Carter is Jewish.
Okay.
Yeah.
I mean, how can he be Jewish when he's
from this trailer, trash family?
Probably never were joshes to live there
over in the Tampa area.
Carter kids mom out of control.
There's Nic who looks, oh, brother.
Yeah, the more, a faguer than ever.
And there's Aaron who's looking pretty good these days.
He puts up a little bit.
Got a little facial schmutz there on the chin.
He's a haircut, but we're almost human.
Aaron Carter is Jewish.
James Franco is Jewish.
Hugo Chavez is Jewish.
Mahmoud Ahmadina is Jewish.
And then of course, here's the John Revolter thing again.
Maybe that was in the globe.
Maybe I passed by that.
I have to go back.
But that's making the that's making the rounds.
The picture of him kissing his buddy.
See, let me just say this to you.
The buddy is a good friend of his.
He's got Mary got two kids.
But I don't care how good a friend you are with somebody.
If you're a heterosexual and you're getting on,
they're getting on a plane to it.
Go and take a trip or whatever.
You don't reach up and kiss them on the lips on your tippy toes
and put your hand around your back.
Even if you're like French.
Even in Europe.
Right.
That's what I was going to get to.
Even in Europe, the guys, even the young guys,
you know, when they see each other for the first time in a while,
they can say goodbye.
They kiss each other on both cheeks.
On the cheek.
You know,
not that cheek necessary.
Not on the lips.
You show me two guys kissing each other on the lips
or not related.
And I will tell you that they are.
Yeah.
They can almost take about it.
They all live.
They come to his name.
So best talent.
To this is real Roger.
For 20560.
Real Roger.
Ah.
Nice phone email by the way.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, I know.
I'm the checker inspector.
Ah.
Yeah, if you want these outfits
to class they will kick your ass
Right, so we got this
We swim in my day
We look like candy designers
We sing like a bunch of pretty wilders
I wish they were our agents
We got a say
We swim in my day
Our biggest friends are swell year old girls
Who think we're as cute as candy
Yeah, but as they get older they all figure out
We're hiding our latency
One thing is for sure we get
Many joy to make me
Was a girl on the delicate side of
Want to do but the shit with your might
But the day we think that we are better
Say we stay with our days
I swim with our days
You must be very frustrating to the rumor starters
The rumor mongers who wanted to use this show
To spew a lot of crap and create a lot of problems
And we don't think any cause on this show when I'm doing no more
Yeah, no I knew it was very funny
I thought you would get a short lot of it
It's most amusing and you know what
Cocks a hoist
Yeah, anyway so back in the globe
Here no this is the globe
I got two tabloids sitting side by each
Kind of on top of each other like John Meevolta and this guy
Experts who have studied Globes photo of John Tervol
To kissing another man on the lips
Wonder if he's gay and say it's time he comes clear once and for all
Time to go out of the closet Johnny
You and Tommy maybe the picture was taken before the Saturday
And I fever star boarded this personal 707
Jettin Hamilton, Ontario, Canada
Through holder was in the area working on his role in a new film adaptation of
Harris spray in which he plays Edna Turnbled
Life of Christopher Watkins character Wilbur
And stuff of picture him addressed up as a woman
Newly released picture of the show to role to wearing a dress in his feminine role
And bulked up heavy duty
But as you can see in Globes photo, the role does not do so
I'm beginning up close with a man in real life as well
He even got up on one toe while smoothing on the steps of his plane
So I've Kelly Preston waited on board
The unidentified man is not gay
He and his wife have been nannies for two-year-old
As two children Jett 14 and L6 for more than five years
Oh that proves it
Tervol does reps and stifty considers the couple to be personal friends
As a man or a customary greeting and saying farewell
Mr. Tervol the kisses both men and women
Whom he considers to be extremely close friends
And with whom he has a relationship with kind of family
Says Tervol does attorney Martin Singer
People are extremely close to Mr. Revolt
Are aware of his customary non-romantic gesture
Body language specialist Dr. Lillian Glass tells Globes seem to hear that the kiss was more than just a quick peck on the cheek
It appears quite intimate glass notes
John appears to be really enjoying it as head is leaning upwards
His lips are puckered, his body is leaning into the guy
His foot is pointed in the guy's direction
Which in the case he really likes him
He's embracing the guy's back
It appears to be an affectionate kiss
Absolutely
For Volt has been a married depressed and profiting years now
Celebrity blogger Perez Hilton who runs the website Perezhilton.com tells Globes
Game rumors in your window speculation have followed him around for years
I'm inclined to believe where there's smoke, there's fire
If he's gay I wish he come out of the closet
Another celebrity watchers, next words believe that Revolt had fast up of he secretly ate a homo
It isn't necessary, it isn't healthy as a pressur in now your real self
And it's decided to mislead others about who you are
Said pastor Robert Westman of the family values organization in Portland, Oregon
Homosexuality is widely accepted, the seat isn't
I would advise John to open up if he's hiding something
Open up John, come on, I want to give you a kiss
Norman Marshall directed the event
Cooper, British Columbia, Canada gay activist group faceout says the photo raised a lot of eyebrows
There's no suggestion that many kisses gay but John has been dogged by rumors for years
If John's gay, why wouldn't he simply admit it?
Why would he burden himself with life of evasion in his seat if he really is gay?
I don't know, let's ask Kenley Winker what he thinks about that
Or Tom Cruise
Or Rob Lowe or Tony Perkins, oh he's dead
So anyway, there's the picture of a John Rebold, it says, and the caption in the inquire is greased frightening as opposed to greased lightning
Oh, here's a trumpled, a rumpel working male Gibson got cranky when photographer stepped his picture in L.A. Parking Raj recently
Got very cranky
Martha Fierce or Hip-Handry will leave her crippled, do we care about her now?
Oh, here's Dustin, what do they don't care about him, he's got a bagel where it's head
Rainman, no it's bag man, Dustin Huffenface or Wankie Gimble, hide and see, pulling a plastic bag over his head at a bookstore in Brentwood, California
Looks like something out of Halloween, he's got a shopping bag, a plastic bag over his head
But eye holes poked in the eye hole
Mm-hmm, eye hole I said
That's not a hole, I said
Let's see
Oh, and I thought this was pretty cute, even for an old heathen like me
Kids hate the darnedest things even to the Almighty
Children's letters sent to God, it's a new book, I guess, maybe it's not in a book, I thought it was
Well, whatever it is, it's in the inquire
Denise Rice, Dear God, if we come back as something, please don't let me be Jennifer Horton because I hate her
Uh-huh, Dear God, thank you for the baby brotherboat I prayed for was a puppy, Joyce
Jenny, Dear God, please put up another holiday between Christmas and Easter, there's nothing good in there now
Johnny, Dear God, how come you didn't invent any new animals, what are we still having just all the old ones?
This is my favorite, Seymour, Dear God, that's not Seymour buts
Seymour, Dear God, how come you did all those miracles in the old days and don't do any now?
Hahaha, ah, excellent
Lois says, I like the Lord's prayer best of all, did you have to write it louder, did you get it right the first time?
I have to write everything I ever write over again
Marnie says, Dear God, in the Halloween I'm gonna wear a devil's costume, is that all right with you?
Probably in the Jersey it's okay
Do they ever straighten out all that big deal and tamp about the devil race, are we still fighting about that Johnny?
I don't know, I haven't heard
Probably not, it's so little interest and they're so bad anyway, why would anybody care, you know?
I guarantee they call them worse than that
Nobody does care
No, darling, did you really mean do wonder what others, is they do wonder you because if I, if you did then I'm gonna fix my brother
Hahaha, good, nice going, darling, these are cute, you don't think so, George don't like it
Get out of here, that's cute
Larry says, Dear God, maybe can't enable wouldn't kill each other so much if they had their own rooms, it works with my brother
There you go, it's kind of like Sam and what's his name there on that show, which I don't want supernatural
I think I wasn't show twice, never got all, is it still on?
I watch it once, I don't know
And here of course is the piece of resistance, it's not Tom's baby
Oh my God
Wow, and after the break, and not only will I give you this little blurb here, this story, but also reveal who the father, the suspected father is
Who's pictured right here, not looking as good as I thought he did, but nevertheless looking a lot better than Tommy
The biggest name, so best talent to be said, will you Roger us? For radio 560, you A-L
Hello, I'm the general manager of this radio station
And today is Roger Shana, on the Jewish New Year
In an effort to celebrate religious diversity and promote goodwill toward other faiths, we've brought in a member of the Jewish community
to offer our Jewish listeners a greeting for the New Year
Hey, hey, happy New Year
Hey, hey, that's it, come home, ho, good
Hi, you pal, this is Rosie O'Donnell
So you think I ain't a girl no more, huh?
You think I ain't a girl no more?
Two, and I like that culture one
Bang, zoom, well for your information, I'm the queen, the queen of my castle
Of course I'm a girl, just this, getting my girlfriend
My good, Jannebino or Ann Coulton, don't tell you I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, just I don't like being a girl
And I'm not that thing, if you
Hey, what do you say to Rosie Boyle?
Oh, hi, you Kelly
Are you ready for something, Robin?
Oh, I like that you get one of my men up today, cow
I'm worried about everybody not thinking I'm spent
Think I might have something to do with you, smell the like the go-and-cutty's fish market?
You are a metal case!
Jewish woulda grow, get out!
Hi, I'm gonna get you this, get me one!
What do you have on your back?
I'm on hand at all my fears!
Magical, you got me Magical?
I am just bought with all the problems you got
I can be clear up that fish material against the soul
Kelly, you are the greatest!
From 32 at 560 WDQ, I'm happy New Year to all those folks out there celebrating
and going through all the motions and commotion
I thought New Year's Janiebree won, didn't it?
Oh, and I never did play Ramadan, that's your fault
Oh, well, that's not the same with you
Anyway, what is it?
Well, let me just do the article
I'll tell you what I want to hold, you know, have the whole deal of baby to the baby daddy is?
Maybe that, maybe Surrey, maybe
Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes are weathering a vicious news storm
These soon-to-wed couples are outraged over reports that Tom is not
Baby Surrey's father
Oh my God!
The publication of Surrey's first photos in October of Vanity Fair is given rise to outrageous new rooms
We're sweeping the web that Tom can't possibly be the daddy
Well, he can't be the daddy
because in order to be the daddy they would have had it well
In a wild online feeding frenzy, bloggers insist that baby has distinctly Asian eyes
Let's call anchor with a canker, good Canadian boy by the way
By the way, the Middle East, you need a lesbian ease
I think so, something like that
In a wild online feeding frenzy, bloggers insist that baby has distinctly Asian eyes
claims she resembles Katie's last boyfriend
Now you wonder who that was?
Chris Klein
Chris Klein is Asian?
No, alright
And point out that both of the times children with a cold kidmen are adopted
Tom's plan backfired a family friend told the inquirer
Instead of clearing up all the misinformation over Surrey
The delayed release of the baby photos is triggered a whole new set of outrageous rumors
The internet is buzzing
With wild speculation that the baby can't be Tom's
What the hell is off of that?
Wrong button
The picture is taken by famed photographer Annie Leibovitz
Showed the proud parents posing with their precious punts smiling in the middle of the world
She has an immense shock of black hair and piercing blue almond eyes
And there's the picture right there, it is a little baby Surrey
But as soon as the magazine hits the stands it hit the fans, something did
On the hip celebrity blog, parashelton.com
One anonymous posting reads
This baby is part Chinese
Who the blind do they think they're kidding?
Who the f***?
You people here are so bloody gullible if you think this kid is Tom's
Another poster cruelly opined
Tom crews can't even have babies
They spent the last four months searching for a baby that looks like them
They couldn't get a newborn which is why we waited so long for this Chinese baby to appear
On virtcity.com someone wrote
Some seems like the whole world is guessing the real identity of baby Surrey's father
Is it Chris Klein?
Did they use the super preserved sperm or Scientology founder Elron Hubbub?
It's all in the eye eye eye eyes
And on pinkisthenewblog.com
A posting reads
If anything don't you think the baby bears a striking resemblance to Chris Klein?
Katie's boyfriend before Tommy?
The superstar is stunned by the wild speculation confides the source
Tom's up once the photos of Surrey were finally published the controversy
In other words it's the same old dilemma
You believe me now?
No, no, no
He thought that because he's a crazy person
Oh, see that's why he did all that research into psychology and psychiatry
Because everybody does that right?
Mike Walker in the poop scoop right strolling down a walkway toward her waiting limo on the Georgia rule set
Lindsay Lohan was gaving away on her cell phone
And suddenly yelled bloody murderous
She stepped in a pile of doggy do
Get paper towels she's right there
Production assistant who came running
A moment later a young woman ran back and handed the towel to Lindsay who held clean the shoe
Looking at her like she was nuts the assistant said firmly I'm not cleaning her shoe you do it
As she turned and walked away furious Lindsay kicked off both her kicks
Left them there and stalked off to her right barefoot
In big mint bitch
How do you like that?
Yeah
I'll see
Oh emergency surgery for Andy Griffith after crippling fall
We didn't care about that before we don't care about it now
Dance star found fame and fortune but lost her men
Now cats purring for Leo de Caperiel well good luck to you sweetheart
Sexie so you think you can dance stunner cat Deely is hiding a secret heartache
Her career cost her the man she loved
Her romance with longtime live and boyfriend Mark Whalen collapsed because the public relations executive wanted to marry and have kids
And cat wasn't ready
Well a good way not to have kids is get together with Leo I would think
Kind of like Tom Cruise Part 2 when you say
The 29 year old beauty hoped the pair would stay together
But she refused to commit away 39 year old Mark because her career effect came first
Some say her Hollywood ambitions were fueled by friendships with actresses Kira Knightley and Sienna Miller
And London newspaper reports that Leo de Caperiel was taken around a string of dates and spotting her in a Beverly Hills restaurant
Cat told Pals Leo interrupted the chat she was having with a friend about posing naked for a magazine
She was asking her buddy whether or not would be a good move when the movie Hearts Robb and her interjected and told her it was not
Later cat was reportedly caught kissing the actor in the pole lounge at Beverly Hills Hotel
I looked at it
It became good friends but obviously something more is happening something that doesn't eat the eye
I was speaking of Rosie O'Donnell and that
Mashed Potato East
Yeah
Oh man
Yeah exactly
Sour dough
I know right in the middle of lunch hour to a sorry I apologize
I think that email was right
You know you realize it's almost one o'clock we haven't had one real facts all day today
We haven't?
I don't remember other than that phony email
I hear the facts about the double ratio here comes a good
Farmer takes dim view of Rosie's annex
Both of you
And the view is not doing all I was and I voted for that on our pool
Anybody who watches the view especially a guy it tells me a lot
Rosie O'Donnell has just started a new gig on the view but the Otsu-Folk and Comedian is already causing friction among her co-host
Rosie's co-host had a feeling she'd hit the stage like a bull in a Chinese shop
So they weren't exactly shocked when it happened in the Saturday and Quarer after a September 5 debut on the Hit Talk Show
Peace or crap
But Rosie's obnoxious behavior didn't come without a stiff warning
View Hancho Barber while while had already
Reprimanded Rosie for what she felt was inappropriate blocking on the Rosie.com website
And for unfavorable remarks about Oprah Winfrey and a published interview
Rosie wrote on her website
It'll be hard for me to not be the boss
It is already and we've only just begun
Then in a recent interview Rosie criticized Oprah for the way she handled the infamous Tom Cruise couch jumping incident
Said she would have retaped the segment if it happened on her show
The spat well that wouldn't have been good everybody wanted to see what a crazy person he wasn't even
The spat between Barbara and Rosie was actually a lot more heated than what fans were told revealed in sight
Rosie's website rant infuriated Bob Wah who demanded that she stop airing her dirty laundry about the show on the blog
But those out of all
Those frames were fanned even more when Rosie trashed Oprah
They were hoping that she'll eventually find her way without stepping on too many toes
Right
She'll find her way
Here's that facts
Oh look at this is long facts
You asked what was going on with the devil raise latest proposal last week has them changed the name to the Florida devil raise
What?
Assuming the Marlon, oh the Florida devil raises, puts the Tampa Bay
Assuming the Marlins go ahead with their proposal to become the Vimey Marlins
I never understood by someone who is an atheist with other 10 churches synagogue
Even though the chances of being, oh this is the best
This is great
Not just a facts but a hostile one
This is good
Even if the chances have been wrong about God or a fraction of a percent
You lose nothing by hedging your bets and going once and while
Especially yourself who was born into Judaism
It will be difficult to make the argument that there's not that fraction of a percent chance
Considering its adherence are particularly known to be lacking in intellect
Some others I should put on and pretend I should go there and pretend just a case may be able to say
I mean if that's what it takes that's what hell of a religion or whatever you want to do
You don't go to heaven that way by pretending
In other words pretending to believe in something just to make it look good
Which I know are awful lot of people Jews included who do that
They show up only on the high holy days and the rest of the you forget about it
Regarding a new format I think it sucks
Hearing you rip the colors of the most edited, but you know what?
Hold your breath because it ain't gonna happen
Is the most entertaining part of your show?
Hearing me rip the same 10 colors every day
In addition not taking calls makes you even more out of touch as colors alert you the things that you miss such as
The internet listeners are probably the only ones who prefer just hearing the bedtime stories
Since anyone listening online is probably just another comedy trying to find her
Well this is part two from the other facts
Didn't work it didn't work on the first one with a phony
Dr. Lecter Hector whatever the hell that wasn't that didn't works and I've got another one
You're making him crazy man
Oh that's too bad
That's too bad because I won't take their call
The biggest name so best talent to be a real Rochester
Forth Radio 560
You A-M
And you're what's the problem up there?
Roger Houston could turn we lost our nuts and bolts up here
Or run to that, do you guys know what you're doing up there?
Well to be honest we used to never have on that
They lost a bolt last night in flight
Don't!
I'm from crying out loud
You're the same cause that is them
Houston we have a problem
You nuts all have to say about that
They're supposed to be hot
Hi
They can't enjoy this
They can't enjoy this
They can't think you might be able to send someone up here to help us
Right in the space station, take it up on that
I've never heard such dogs know they're my life
This is not funny, totally unprofessional
This is not supposed to make you are a idiot, you're of that idiot
So such an experience in flight
Space station, I'm not sure exactly what you want us to do down here
Houston we're not exactly sure what to do up here
I think it's gonna be a no longer time
Till I say space is where my tax is on
While I'm sending a cannon gun and bring them home
Oh no, no, no
I'm very professional
I'm very professional
I'm very professional
Morning, morning
Come on, this is in rocket science here
Thank you fellow astronauts there
I think what you're doing is really important
Thanks for taking my phone call
Now get back to work
Wow
1248 so the shuttle land is safe that this morning
case you've been asleep or didn't depend your attention
or maybe just don't care
That tax is most amusing because again
Yeah, I like those though, I enjoy them
Oh no, that's why I'm a good one
That wasn't a very good one but the good ones I mean I can dissect them
and you can chew them and spit them out
But that one even a child could tell
Well if you don't like the new format you don't like the fact that they're not any colors for you to rip
Then why are you listening?
Uh, uh, oh it sucks but why are you listening?
Uh, I see
Shut up, that's why
Yeah, that's it, uh, just interrupted
Nick takes Jessica to the cleaners in the inquire
There's a picture of Nick and Jessica
She's like, they're tongue sticking her tongue out
Nick was she is laughing all the way in the bank
He ought to be sticking it out and the tongue too
What a true love
Jessica Simpson's a bigger pardon?
He's a true love
I beg your pardon?
That's like a male whore
Get on, what the hell does that mean?
Taken her money like he can't make a zone?
Oh wait, he can't
Sure, it sends a email
Anyway Jessica Simpson's ex
Like it's hard to follow this
Like I really care, okay?
Rip him an ass like I give a crap
He's old newsman, that's right
Pop Mark, he ain't no James Franco
That's for damn sure
Can I get finish this story please?
Okay, I don't want to read these that boring but
Only the people listening on the internet care about this
That's right, uh, he hits a jackpot
Walked away with a $6 million pay off
Plus another 4 million other assets
You only wish that you could, uh, I'm not gonna say it
Nick hits a jackpot because they called it like no pre-neutral agreement when they tied the knot in 2002
At the time Nick was the main breadwinner
Was the main breadwinner
At the time, but the subsequent year Jessica's earning powers sword
She called in an estimated $32 million a year last year alone
And thanks to California's community property laws, Nick knew he was in for a hefty cut of the fortune
That they accrued during their married years
According to source attorneys for the former 98 degree singer demanded and got a lifetime royale
To whenever songs he recorded and co-wrote with Jessica
The tunes include where you are in this skin, songs from rejoiced the Christmas album and a whole no world
Plus unreleased and credited in the demos
Months ago Jessica before to leave off her nick a pulp fee, 1  million cheap bitch
But with the blonde beauty earning around 32 million last year while they were still married, Nick knew he could get considerably more
Nick knew that if he held out Jessica would eventually up the ante
If he held out, up your ante
He also knew Jessica didn't have the stomach for a long protracted court battle
She already had spent 60 grand on attorney fees and his case went to arbitration
Those fees could easily have tripled poor baby showing him a 32 million last year she's worried about attorney fees
According to the source, the final settlement also entitled Nick to walk away with more than 2 million from the sale of their Calabas' house
Which was featured in their reality show newlyweds
Nick bought the house part of their marriage to the source
At first Jessica claimed to have an interest in it because she gave him a hundred grand toward the home shoulder after they were married
But Jessica gave up the house in the settlement
Nick will also keep his 2004 Ferrari worth 200 grand plus bank accounts divided close to 2.2 million
He's hurtin' the 32 year old Hunk also keeps pensions from 98 degrees and Little Nikki Inc. his company each once worth around 64 grand
He still has 100% ownership and Little Nikki Inc. as well as a bank account with about a half a million just from that company alone
Nick also keeps his 25% ownership in 98 degrees Inc. and 98 degrees touring Inc.
The bottom line is this guy is not hurting for cash
But don't you think he cares for Jess with all her projects he's bringing in a whopping 850,000 a month
Not a year a month
Nick realized that that's why he held out and now he's set for life
He squeezed the bitch real hard
Janet Jessen shocking cocaine confession I don't care
You care about her? Not in the least, not since that super bowl baby
Thanks a lot Janet for sport all the rest of us in broadcasting you and Justin think about
She was the excuse that they, you know, it's an absolutely
Joyce the whole industry but nobody talks about that
We have to kissy kissy to joy it to Joester whatever her name is Janet
Now we're gonna have Prince performing at the Super Bowl
Oh really? Yeah, it doesn't matter what he flies just because you won't see it
I see, hopefully his ass won't be hanging out
You won't see it and he won't say it
Carter kid's mom is out of control
Oh, that's a Tampa family and boy she don't look like trailer trash
Nick and Aaron Carter's mother is so out of control she's threatening her sons with physical harm
Charges dad bob Carter who claims the pop singers and I living in fear for their lives
James Rage is making Nick and Aaron's lives on Nightmares as Bob and Nick Swiss have inquired interview
Nick 24 refuses to speak with mommy according to Bob and younger brother Aaron 18
Although Bob says he doesn't want to see her still reluctantly except your phone call because he feels sorry for her
Sorry, Janet Bob were co-managers of Aaron's career and had access to his finances until the 24-year-old marriage broke up three years ago
A year later Aaron filed for legal emancipation claiming Jane would throw on a hundred grand out of his account without permission
The last time Jane commits to Aaron to help her he sent her 30 grand
Bob turned man because she told him she was working at a hot dog stand
And Bob angrily alleges that Aaron continues to help his mom because he hopes it will calm her down
Jane is very violent person she's broken my collarbone and shot me with a gun once he said
We're all concerned that one of these days he's going to kill herself or one of us Bob says
August 29th Jane was pulled over by the Florida police for speeding and driving her pickup truck erratically
Oh she drives the pickup truck and lives over in the west coast of Florida for these ingredients together
She was arrested for DUI I think she's trying to make the kids feel thrilled because she claims she made them the stars they are today and they owe her until the day she dies
It breaks my heart says Bob most people the rates don't have to worry about getting their butts kicked or being killed by their moms
When contacted by the inquirer Jane admitted to the DUI arrest but I'm convinced Bob sent me off she said
Explain that you believe somebody put something or drink that night that's why I was acting so weird and got stopped by the cops
But let me say this my kids are not afraid of me said next publicist we just want next mother to go away
We just want mother just go away
That's it don't go away mad just go away just like that jackass with the phony faxes all keep him coming to lie and you're absolutely
I love those
Uh oh booze plague Dallas legend that for DUI what are going around like crazy these DUI I I former Dallas star came
Virtual's long battle I've never heard of them because I never watch that show is long battle with the bottles for the sad turn recently when
Is arrested for drunk driving he played tiff bars on the property 80s TV show Dallas give a watch that show no no
Paris's booze problems go way back do we care about this no she's had a booze problem since she was a teen and was once tossed into a special school to dry out
Now we don't care we never heard her her name again. It'll be much too soon
Pomegranate juice fights cancer now you're talking all right
Babbling Britney's bizarre shopping experience. Oh my. Oh my
I'm gonna tell you right now as Joseph Gackey would say
When you see you remember the last picture of me saw Britney looking like LC the board in cow in a bad day
Yeah, when you see this one wow that big in a way about 85 pounds
He's gonna have quadruplets sure they had a couple of men and they're all gonna be like little retards like heaven feeder line
Bizarre shopping. I just take a look at that picture. You're getting this inquire anyway. Okay. It's on page 56
You'll see it. Let's see history lesson in disguise all the kings men. We don't care about that
It looks pretty good though in the preview
The original took the best picture Oscar back in 49 now half a century later Sean Penn is the brilliant charismatic
Flame boy and seven people's politician who is romantic rise even more dramatic follows assisted by some pretty powerful people like Kate
Winslet Patricia Clarkson James Gandalfine Mark Rufalo Anthony Hopkins and Kathy Baker plus co-star little Jude Law
I still say he's about three feet tall is good actor. Okay. Yes, he's a month. I've 11 Robert
I know they say that but you I
Whatever the reverse of still time. Maybe he works on his knees. He walks in a ditch a lot of guys in Hollywood work on their knees
Five new heart chief cheats dead, you know, I like Bob Newhart back in the 60s
All right, you know what he's all right. He never stole a freight train. Yeah, but he's you know just go away already
Like a next mother go away and Hillary lashes out a Diane Sawyer. Oh, we will save that for the next hour
Now we're talking very sure it's true. I know it gets us a heavy duty stuff like important things like Tiger Woods and his wife
To
Well
Even though she had deep ratings on the quid
Like a  where it's that we have to make one thing perfect for
Yeah, there are screens now acting like a bunch of broken sailors out on leave and hang it in the looner
Well, it's all done to hell
Well, the fushies left Charlie get to the Brian Williams flight back and go over here
Baby, it's got your vibes, we'll make it for $1 million a year
Well, she's asking for America's help to come up with a sketchy side-off
Yeah, she leaves the final, that's a double idea
And when you're company on your daily run
Yeah, but that is all
She's been beating us so bad that the poor lady might be fighting us here
Baby, turn
That's all care for the fushies making $1 million a year
Well, the media is buzzing, everyone is with something to look like
Yeah, it's a stand-and-the only one that's happy is that Gracie nurses is sick and rather
He's got to pick up big grand all the meetings and send my pick up my memorial break down and shout out to air
Take her
Don't care because you make $1 million a year
I just can't stand that slow
Hey man, I mean there can a lot of other people evidently because she started out like her house on fire
And now it's just the ashes left behind
They're sifting through the ashes looking for a semblance of an audience
Just like we'll be doing if we don't start taking a lot of those great phone calls
But you know what it's not going to happen and of course you know we'll probably get some more faxes too from the chronics that can't get through on
New homes that they go find another outlet for their
You're just throwing their lives. Oh, why why don't you take a poll?
We've already done that before you know what it'll never happen again that while I'm doing the show now while I'm steering the ship
Okay, just call me captain. What do they call him and?
You mute me on the counter. Oh, Quig, all the yellow stain
Something like that. What's that?
I'm not going to waste my time with it. Okay, it's just cock on man. Forget about it. I don't need to take a poll to find out how I want to do the show.
Hillary lashes out a Diane Sawyer. Oh, and I'm waiting to hear some of these two stars be traded by two of their own
Actor Rupert Everett and super screen star screenwriter Joe Estherhouse
The ultimate tell all book the devil's guide to Hollywood the screenwriter is God
Rupert Everett says of Tom Hanks. Tom's a nice actor but look at the stuff he's doing it is so terrible.
Some of this is from the other article too. Tom Cruise, Everett says Tom is the human being. He's a machine. He doesn't do films about real people.
Fell camera. Kilmer. Estherhouse says he's an imbecile. Ask to nominate the best we film moments of the century. Kilmer nominated three of his own movies. One of them was Batman Forever.
Michael Douglas. Estherhouse says he's not brilliant. May very well in some cases be dumb.
Oh, it wasn't so dumb when he married Kevin Zita Jones. I guess Madonna ever says he's considered talentless as an actress. No kidding.
Next to that, I pick it on poor devil and Sharon Stone. Estherhouse said she's so annoyed to crew on one of her movies that they
We leave themselves into a bathtub before Sharon got into it for the scene. Right. Right. Boy, this water sure is warm and yellow.
I get back to Hillary. Furious over ABC's controversial mini series The Path and I live in Hillary Clinton on Least Her Anger on Close Pal Dianne Sawyer who in this picture don't look at a over 90.
And I write Hillary who's being counted as a pause. She's a, you know, Hillary. I hate to say she's a bitch. Yeah, I hate her. She's just nasty. I can't write in her. It's our. Yeah.
Wait, wait, wait. This is in the same inquiry. You'll see the picture right near the ass end of the, that's where she belongs near the ass end. That's what Bubba said.
And I rate Hillary who's being counted as a possibly likely story. I believe the network was trying to embarrass her by gratuitously featuring her husband bills affair with Monica Lewinsky in the film.
So the nearest senator pressured her pal Diane star of ABC's Good Morning American Prime time live to intercede with never. Executives. Hillary thought they and can use her influence to kill a mini series instead of told inquiry while Diane is in a power play at ABC. She didn't have a real say.
But Hillary thought if Diane made enough of a stink ABC brass would at least drop the Lewinsky material. The Clintons had given special access to Diane in the past interviews. But Hillary's blessing Diane was granted the first interview with Bill after his hard bypass.
Hillary let Diane know how furious she was. The fact that Diane said she couldn't guarantee anything only made Hillary angrier.
Oh it's time for an exercise. For once I think we may agree with Carl Rove while she maneuvered behind the scenes. Hillary put a tough public face on issuing a statement and assisting her husband worked tirelessly to fight terrorism and keep America safe.
And that's the only truth that matters there. Truth justice and the American way rhymes with gay. How do you like that? All right. No more fangs is that though. I guess that was the extent of their material. I was the end of it. Well maybe they're not listening anymore because we're not going to take any of those great calls. Yeah right. That's funny. Yeah. You're gay.
Okay. How's that pull coming? You're something when it got to be 1300. That's military time. We had 13 and revoked. 1309. No matter if fact, 309. I know all I know about somebody if they vote Republican for 62.
I believe OJ is innocent to 19 tonight. A Holocaust 194 left off and in the job. High school or home school. Their kids 122. Where religious head year 119. Speak with a lift 42.
Now if I actually watch those freaks and geeks, is that make me a I hope not because the young James Franco's in it.
So I reason I'm getting it. And Josh is right that's the reason I went on got that movie. I mean I wouldn't care if you would have liked it.
I mean I looked through some other movies that he was in and I thought well I'll go get one I might like and I didn't think I would like this. You know.
And I did. I thought it was very good. And so the most everybody else except Jeff. Whatever you read on the freaking reviews of your part. From what?
What you read on the reviews. Yeah. Okay. You don't think it was a hit was it a successful movie? Not really. Oh. And what about that other movie that I told you was a big.
A little gigantic egg and you were giving me a song to dance. Which one was that? No shakes on a plane. Speak with a list 42.
Especially after the heavy lift. Listen to sports talk 39 and a lot of their call or talk with a list on fourth talk.
I mean what kind of guys want to talk about guys who were jockstrap? Watch the view 38 call radio talk shows 34. That's you that was. No I didn't vote for that. I voted for the view.
I hate this poll only 31 2.3%. I think I made him hangman. No Sean made him happy with a nice folded a that you turned down shame on you. You lose.
And vote for vote for Ralph Nader. You never got it. Just relax. Vote for Nader only 12 because hey he better not be doing it again in 2000. Please.
Somebody's going to have to like assassinate his ass if they do that. Nader. Can't afford to have him. You know in all the excuses he makes and all the a baloney. No I'm chomsky ripped him and asked him one of those DVDs I got. Chomsky. I mean you know I'm chomsky.
Wonder if you go chavez his favorites. That's right. Now what did you tell me about that book that he was reading? They said otherwise from like 85 billion on the Amazon.
15 930 something. Yeah to number seven. Number seven. Yeah. Thanks to you go chavez. He's better than Oprah. Yeah. Well a lot of it's a you go chavez book review man. He's better looking.
Well so is my ass. Yeah Tiger Woods who isn't really very strange. He looks like he came off that ship man that's patient. Maybe maybe he was one of those things floating around there outside the shuttle before landed. Tiger Woods was angry yesterday.
When did you see he was really P.O. Do you see that Josh? No. Did you see that somebody taking a picture of his swing? No no no no. You know what this is all about? No. About the Irish tabloids. He was angry yesterday at the Irish magazine and a tabloid that linked photos of his wife to various pornography websites and his agent was studying the possibility of a lawsuit.
The publisher double letter of media shouldn't apology saying it was sat tired to expect anyone to take it seriously Woods was among those who did. He is peed off man. First he teed off and then he got peed off.
My wife yes she has been a model prior and she did do some bikini photos with said but the link her to porn websites is so unacceptable. I don't accept that at all. Neither does our team. The double magazine just by me contain our team meaning him and his wife and his candy and his groupies and you know the klingons. The double magazine wrote in the September issue about Ellen Nordgren his Swedish wife of nearly two years. Now do we know her? Yes she's pretty hot. Oh she's very hot. I beg your pardon? I've seen those. I've seen those. We've seen her.
What you're trying to say you knew her better. Most American golfers are married to women who cannot keep their clothes on in public. The magazine wrote is it too much to nicely leave them on at home for the writer cup. Consider the evidence Tiger Woods wife can be found in a variety of sweaty poses on porn sites. It said the Irish Daily Star give it front page treatment yesterday with the headline Tiger's fury at naked pictures. Inside the tabloid reprinted photos of Nordgren and a bikini along with the new photo of a woman.
The woman reported to be her Woods. The night it was his wife when it first came out three years ago. The publisher and staff at the Della Ragnar was in appropriate and was just sincerely apologized to Tiger Woods's wife Ellen Nordgren and other writer cup players and their families for any offense they may have taken to it. The publisher said Mark Steinberg was agency was debating whether the sewer not.
It was the first topic was brought up at his news conference. The writer cup which will start tomorrow at the K club. He wasn't scheduled to speak to reporters until today but asked to move the session up to yesterday. He was p. on this was a yesterday.
He owed one is Charlie Rangle one of my favorite people. I just want to make it abundantly clear to Hugo Chavez or any other president don't come to the United States and think because we have problems without president that any foreigner can come to our country and not think that Americans do not feel offended when you offend our chief of state.
Oh man what a joke he should have been he should have been given him a high five and a salute. Am I right? Absolutely. Oh I mean at least at least you go and I had to boss the teller like it is. It was all these weak need politics and even Charlie Rangle man I'm shocked. What a weak need piece of turd. Like I said he used to be one of my favorite people. How dare you come here and insult our Dumbled Wynchef?
12 minutes after one at 560 Wynchef we got the mad dog at two the mad dog and the humber together in the four to five and a fabulous power hour from the tower from the Vienn tower and then we got the Hank Solo five to six to five we got Napoleon Solo after that.
Marlon's on deck now let's see are they four out of the or five. I think the Dodgers lost. I'm sure they did. Yeah five they got no other four four because the Marlon's actually what I know it's hard to believe they want to give him in the U.S. last night. I believe they're four out of the well. Well they're all I had I mean you know yeah and I don't say that.
Don't be so negative man. No one of you didn't like that movie or negative. It's you've been working at that station too long. No I've been working with that team too long and I'm telling you that they're not.
The Marlins. Yeah the stink in Marlins are you picking on that's our bread and butter maybe they bring all the money in on the station.
Not just like the dolphins bring all that money in across the street. Not sports baby. We got a sports show in the morning. Oh God.
He isn't time you took the stress of worry out of last minute hurricane preparations and if you recall last year Wilma boy first of all was Katrina and we escaped most of that and went up in the Gulf and while a them.
And then nobody felt well was going to be much of anything and look at look at all the thousands of people now still trying to put their lives back together a year later.
Well the hurricane shut about that manufactures easy to use accordion shutters and not provide you with expert installation as well if you want. Call them at 9 5 4 2 3 7 70 83.
You can't afford to be without the protection right in the middle of hurricane season they feature rolled on the courtians and panels to just let our friends at the hurricane shut about look test to make it even install the shutters for you.
Call 9 5 4 2 3 7 70 83 right now you get on your way to top notch protection the hurricane shut about left family owned and operated license ensured and date route in Palm Beach County approved they stuck all sizes of clear public carbon and hurricane panels and aluminum panels cut to your specs and ready for pickup or delivery to right to you.
And like I said if you want to install as well the public and all contractors are welcome major credit cards accepted tell that Nielsen you buy a note save you 100 bucks off a minimum order of 350 square feet just for having a big balls to mention my name the hurricane shut about look called 9 5 4 2 3 7 70 83 just log on to their website at hurricane shutter outlet dot com.
The biggest name so best talents to the business for your Rochester 4 205 60.
You're very good.
My.
You're ratings and diet.
Well I don't.
I show you what a big ass and I was to your hand.
You're good.
You're good.
You're good.
You're good.
You're good.
You're good enough to fill my piggy pants.
It's amazing.
It's amazing.
It's amazing.
Right now James I love it be coming back.
I'm excited considering a little bit of a contract.
If you want to know what will save you from shutting that transmitted to the end of it.
Why that's easy.
It's beautiful.
Oh you need a smile.
Oh you need a smile.
Oh you need a smile.
Oh you need a smile.
It's a good girl.
It's a good girl.
It's a good girl.
I think your own dream slash only got to this day.
I said my ratings have thought of doubting this day.
What's really going to happen to me is that James is no one.
And we did it.
Oh you need just now.
Now take it.
I have no life.
Oh you need just now.
And give it to me.
Oh you need it to show.
And show.
Oh my God.
I can't move my hand.
by the way something.
That's totally incriminating.
Wow!
What are you going to do?
I'm always 1339 votes.
You know something?
By two o'clock, by 14.
You believe it?
Why not?
So if we stay down till six o'clock, we could have like 1,600.
Beautiful.
Or no, 1,800.
Well, who cares?
Patrick Coburn in Nebati.
I don't want to like lean on this too much, but I think it is, you know, it's interesting.
And again, I apologize yesterday that a star red was much too long in ponderous,
and people lose their interest.
And we could have taken a lot of really spiffy calls in that period of time.
But don't go with your breath.
It's not going to happen.
You know, there's a transition period.
I don't know. Looks on our website like we're doing just fine to me.
I'm looking at the hits on there, taking a few hits myself.
And the votes are just pouring in, man. It's just unbelievable.
So what do you think of?
Now that's the end of my tabloid stuff.
But I think that would be a good feature every week.
You go through that crap. Do you remember I used to do that?
Back when we hit an audience on the station.
I remember those days.
I remember.
And I was reading them.
I've been reading crap for a long time on this show.
Okay, we're doing just fine.
But all you cranks out there, come on, come up with something new.
Come up with something original.
That's why you're so weak.
Weak.
That's another reason I take any calls.
It would be different if we had a lot of interesting and innovative and even funny people with their stick.
But it's the same.
Oh my god.
You could plot from it.
You know what I'm saying?
Well, then I rush your shot.
You could plot.
And let's see.
What are we going to need to potato pancakes to lock these until Hanukkah, till Chanukkah?
I'm rush your shot.
I guess you just drink a lot of wine.
You could drunk.
I don't know.
I'm not participating.
Although I will take off several days forward and then we got Yom Kipper coming up too.
Nothing like turning into a professional Jew.
And that's a really great line from the crank facts.
Oh, what do you got to lose, and in other words, could you just be a little more Jewish?
The discovery of hundreds of U.S. made cluster.
But I'm not probably saying that after we disarticle again, too.
Couldn't you give a little kissy kissy to the Israelis, my god?
No.
The discovery of hundreds of U.S. made cluster bombs among the tens of thousands of unexploded munitions
carpeting the south of Lesbionon has led the calls on Washington to impose a moratorium on sales of the weapons to Israel.
What about that?
It's kind of like what we know.
We gave the poison gas to Saddam and all the other weapons so he could, you know,
stave off the Iranians.
And then now here all these years later, oh, you see that?
He poured gas to his own people.
He had weapons of mass control.
What the hell they get him from.
And like I said, we know he had him because we got the receipts.
Bombas, fossil experts, are working around the clock to clear the lethal leftovers after Israel fired 1.2 million bomblets in the last three days of the war.
We know that.
The pods containing these 650 bomblets, little bombas, which burst apart at a predetermined height, have a fader rate of up to 30%.
But third man.
Leaving two evidence of their American origin.
The U.S. State Department is investigating Israel's use of American made cluster bombs during the war in Lesbionon.
In particular, whether or not Israel broke a secret agreement with the U.S.
not to use cluster bombs against civilians.
The Israelis make no attempt to hide where they obtained this weapon.
In the garden of a house in Nabatia used as headquarters by British-based mines advisory group, lies a cluster bomb container that sprayed bomblets over an area the size of a football field.
Such weapons are still causing casualties.
When we visited the town of Manage, this can take it to hospital with severe injuries after a bomblet exploded in his hand.
Wow. There's nothing worse than having something explode in your hand.
This isn't the British open fire.
The bomb was the size of a small torpedo.
There were letters throughout the Hebrew on the middle, but most of the writing is in English.
It says, C.V.U. Cluster Bombay in the 58, B.E.U.S. Air Force.
The manufacturer has identified his Lance in Industries and it's got a bunch of numbers on here.
The bomb was made before the Vietnam War had ended because there's a marking showing that its warranty ended on February 7th, 1974.
There's no indication when the cluster bomb was transferred from the U.S. to Israel.
Nick Gasformer, British Army Bomb Disposal Office, are working for AMAG.
This is the most common bomblets in 42 and M77 are of American manufacturer.
So they aren't even under warranty?
So if they are unexploded, they get their money back, right?
Right. The early date of the U.S. bomb container anabity reveals another problem.
The expiry of the warning more than 30 years ago.
About 30 minutes.
Yes, that the manufacturer expected some deterioration in the product.
Gas points out that more recent cluster bombs have a self-destruct mechanism that operates after a period of time.
But those dating from 74 do not and therefore become sensitive anti-personal minds.
Oops! There's another one. Every day there are people running over there.
They're working there. All of them are picking their nose, they're picking their...
Correct.
...they're picking their friends and...but a bing, you know.
They should have attacked Israel.
That's, they shouldn't have attacked Iraq and Austin and Iran and everybody else.
1347, you want to see a good movie get Tristan and Azulva.
I'm better. It's Azulva.
It's not Azulva. Why does everybody say that?
Why don't we get Azulva? It doesn't sound right, does it?
Tristan is old.
No, I'm sure he is now.
I mean, that was in the...
What would be the time frame of that would you say?
I mean, he would have been King Arthur and stuff.
I like that.
The 800, 900, I like that.
Wow!
Man! I'll tell you one thing.
I don't know, maybe I'm the only one that's like that perverted that I wonder about to you.
It's got nothing to do with sex all over my head because I guess there were no quickies because we're taking them out and getting all your clothing off.
But all the clothing that they used to wear back in those days, you know what I'm saying?
Layers and layers.
Layers and layers and layers.
Even in the colonial days of this country, my God, they had all those schmottas on my God by the time they got their clothes up.
And you can only imagine the state.
I don't want to.
We didn't have no right guard, no left guard, not even the roll-off.
But I guess when everybody smelled like that, nobody noticed.
I think that's what Richard Branson's going to do with those billions of dollars he's using the stuff, global warming.
He's going to buy all the spray the odorant.
He's going to brow it and just store it somewhere.
So you can't just press it release all that crap into the ear, you know.
You're going to be a good idea.
Sounds good to me.
I don't know about you, but I don't like roll-off the odorant.
Oh no, they had to pull your hair out.
Is that what it does?
Sure.
No, it irritates my pits.
Does it?
Oh yeah.
Sounds like pits.
They get red and chapped in the pits too.
I don't like no, I've tried, you know, all kinds of like spray stick, whatever they call, stick it.
That stuff that you squeezes out.
I beg your pardon.
You're mirrored on.
You're shmirrored on your...
What is that?
I never had a new light in the sea.
I got the new face thing that squeezes out there and I have the tube no more.
It's twist the bottom.
It's huge.
It's twist the bottom and it oozes out the tip.
Really?
Yeah.
Nice seeing.
I'll keep that in mind.
I use the right care.
I'll tell you that right now.
I like my right care.
I'm not giving it up.
I don't care what Richard Branson says.
And I don't open a window so it's just in here, okay?
Oh, geez.
I'm reading all that crap.
1350, we need 50 votes in 34 minutes to get to 1400.
Yesterday, 15 to the 14th.
See, that's true.
There didn't do it willingly.
And I actually put this on her.
Josh was right on the ball.
He tried to change the poll.
I was a heavier.
Yes, you were.
And the only reason that happened was because of a premature evacuation from Woodline after
a very successful, a shockingly successful hour and a half.
After the break, I got to ask, I'm thinking about a business enterprise.
You know how people...
Well, you know it because you've been like Google, you know, slot secrets or any kind of crap.
And everybody in their brother is an entrepreneur here with some phony website.
You know what I'm saying?
Stop bouncing stories by the way you may not answer.
Whatever.
Oh, all day long.
This is crap you already have.
How do you know I haven't?
It's on the website.
What is...
That's generally a pretty good clue.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
The biggest talent.
Oh my god.
Roger.
For radio 560.
You A.M.
Spent your pal manure covers over this performance by the Dalton.
I'm 5!
I'm 5!
I'm 5!
I'm 4!
What could you hear about the Muslims?
And what have they done?
They said fire to some churches.
They shot the children on.
They say they're not really violent.
They say they're not really mean.
All those Muslims I've met at.
Then it sticks to you.
That's a beauty.
Then it sticks to you.
What did he say?
For make those Muslims always free.
And at that way.
Maybe it's because.
He's from Germany.
He dies to choose a little Nazis.
Then it sticks to you.
You're fair.
Now that protestin' in cashmere.
They're all going insane.
It's the Prophet Muhammad.
They say the Pope be vain.
All over the Middle East.
They're burning up with cheese.
All those Muslims I've met at.
Then it sticks to you.
All those Muslims I've met at.
Then it sticks to you.
13 hours 64 votes.
We need just 36.
And we got 26 minutes to do that.
Piece of cake, baby.
Cake.
Okay.
So Jane, one of the things I like about doing a show this way is like at 630 a March in
Brian Williams NBC evening news, which I do watch that.
And a lot of the stories that they do I think of myself.
Oh, we talked about that today on the show.
Don't you sometimes like that all the time?
Yeah.
And like they even had a story about the stick figures.
Remember that about the third grade the students and the stick figures that were like.
And various suggested positions sticking it.
Evened that one.
Go figure.
We talked about that.
Anyway, here's Jane Gainesville sends in a real email which is shocking.
See, I don't understand this.
What?
Oh, I see the sentence to your email.
I don't understand.
It's my email.
I present it in the facts.
I see.
Oh.
Anyway, it says Neil, I love the new floor mat.
It's great.
You're really hitting all the bases.
My favorite part of this whole thing is the knowledge that somewhere out there in South Florida.
Sick twisted Gilbert, Gilbert Solomon, Jabahol and prosakakakakaron.
Oh, I got to tell you a story about that.
That are doubting until their fingers bleed.
All in vain, freaks.
I hate those guys.
Keep kicking a new style since Jane Gainesville.
We will, Jane.
Thank you.
So speaking of prosak, I'm in a drugstore yesterday and I'm going to get some scripts.
You know, my blood strips when you prick your finger when you've got diabetes.
Right.
But just I'm going to get some blood to just moving along.
And there's an old lady there and there was like a line of a couple people and I waited a few minutes.
And I'm getting my thing and she's behind me.
Okay.
And she goes out.
I just kind of lingered there a second because I'm wondering.
She looked like she was a little confused.
You couldn't have been the day over 200.
She looked like she belonged in summarized lakes.
I need some prosak.
She said.
And I thought to myself, oh, I know somebody can help you out.
Yeah.
You didn't have a prescription.
She had an idea what she was talking about, but she needed a prosak and the four old sluppers of, you know, pharmacists trying to explain her.
Well, I can't just give you a pro.
I need prosak.
So next time I see her, I'll give her that number.
Okay.
All right.
Guess what they did in St. Ignis, Michigan.
Gambleing is the only thing missing from a new Indian casino in Michigan's upper peninsula mistakenly built in an area where gambling is illegal.
Sorry, mistake.
Sorry, mister.
The $36 million co-op in the short casino in hotel opened in June has restaurants, a lounge indoor pool, overlooking the Keroans Horseshoe Bay North of the Macon, Aubridge.
Holy Maconaw.
But it's 29,000 square foot casino with 800 slot machines and 26 gambling tables.
I'm able to operate because the West government's as part of the casino was built online where Indian gambling is not allowed.
That is not too bright.
Along with Tucker and Allison, the forwards up front, cabaret and McCain.
Okay, come down.
Do I have to play a little Joe Boone here because it was Holy Maconaw.
Even you would recognize that.
Members of the Sue St. Marie tribe of Chippewa Indians are debating who was responsible for the mistake with the tribes current and former chairman claiming each other the Detroit News reported Wednesday, the Detroit News.
The tribe now is quickly building a $2.5 million replacement casino at the site of Maconaw County's Forest Township north of St. Ignis.
Or is that Ignats?
Trying to think of who the hell we used to call Ignats.
But anyway, it's not a compliment.
It wasn't until after we had the pilings and foundation placed that we realized something wasn't quite right to our chairman Aaron Payment said we did another survey and found that all about 30 feet of the casino.
About 30 million.
We've gone ineligible land.
Payment knew about the problem before I left office and his head two and a half years to work it out former chairman Bernard Bouchor said it wasn't me.
It was the nice tribe I had to blame me but I don't accept any responsibility for a screw up.
That's what Joe Belser is about.
Greg Reed too, I'm sure.
When you think?
I imagine.
There are 17 Indian casinos in northern Michigan and two are open in the next two years in southern Michigan.
The state's Indian casinos took in $983 million in 2005.
Oh.
You ever shop and think about how much money there is in the casino at a given time?
Oh my god.
I don't know what that I don't know what to do with my nest today.
That's the, you know, have any idea how much cash is on hand at a given time?
Because they got like 2,000 machines in their mind.
And you know, all the boxes they put in the machine they change in like every morning to take the bills.
They forget about the coins.
Most places don't use coins.
They're phasing them out.
But the bill boxes, you know, you put in your 20s and your 50s and your 10s and your 100s.
Your 100s?
Yeah.
Your 100s maybe.
Yeah.
Well, I'm saying.
I'm not going to go there and play five and ten dollar bills.
You think of some kind of a schlepper?
What that would be the fun of that?
I'm not going to go there and play penny and two penny machines.
As far as you, they got like two penny slide.
And then they have one penny slots as a matter of fact, all these places.
Penny slide.
And you know how popular they are?
Very, very popular.
And all the old ladies.
See, that's where your old ladies are.
The people that you think go to play slot machines.
Those are the ones that play the nickel and dime.
I played the nickel slots.
Yeah.
Well, a schlepper.
What's wrong with that?
Nothing.
Of course, the only problem with that is if you really want to play the nickel slots, you can play like 25 coins a pull or 30.
Whatever the hell it is, 25.
Not 30, man.
So you're really playing a bucket and half or two bucks every time you hit the button or pull a handle.
See what I'm saying?
If you play the max or Mad Max.
How are we doing on this thing?
We're going to make our four.
Oh, 13.74.
We got it made in the shade.
We're in a nice swade.
I wonder if James Franco was a swade jacket.
I know if he was.
I'd walk up to him and say, hey, can that be felt?
I, you know, see, I hope.
Because I'll never know.
I'll never see him.
But obviously, like you said before, the show is all stupid fantasy.
Which we all do that.
Absolutely.
But I'm just hoping that he looks as good as I think he does.
You know what I mean by that?
It's like when you had, when you had what's your name there in the studio,
who just gave all her money to Nick, when you had Jessica,
her from the studio eating her tuna fish.
She looked pretty good.
She looked pretty good.
You know what she looked like?
A normal person.
She wasn't wearing like a whole lot of makeup or anything.
She looked like she was on her way to the beach.
And she looked just fine.
But of course, she's just a young kid anyway.
I mean, how old was she like 1920 when she was in her early 20s or less?
Or less than that.
I watch it now.
That's not, less than what.
And you're right.
I only wish that I could have been paid to have sex with her.
You're right.
What's better earlier?
Oh, I only wish that I had sex with James Tranco for free.
I don't want to be paid for it just because he wanted to pick on Nick again.
He wasn't paid to have sex with her just because he has an earring in both ears.
Well, I want to make him everybody is everybody you don't like his name.
What is there not to like about him?
What do you ever do to you?
What is that?
He had sex with her.
And then they got it divorced.
How do you know?
And he got paid.
How do you know he had sex with her?
She talked about it.
Yeah, right.
She did talk about it.
She said he was hung like a midget.
I'm not making that up.
You want me to print the story out and send it to you?
No.
All right.
You're trying to burst my bubble now.
I don't really care about it.
I know.
So what should you care?
That's what he said.
She said it twice to do different things.
He talked about James Tranco.
I might care.
But in his case, I don't care.
He's old news.
Don't you understand?
What do you do understand?
He's old news with millions of dollars now.
Exactly.
And her money.
And you're just jealous.
He did a good job.
That's right.
Well, brochure approval rating.
We're going to LA Times Bloomberg 45%.
But the CBS News New York Times 37%.
Well, somebody's right somewhere.
And it must be because the things are going so swimmingly well with the economy and the
rack and of course those falling gas prices we all know are just a coincidence and they're
going to continue going down even after the election.
No.
Have you ever felt that the moment you pay for something and the stores the moment that the
people there stop carrying a boat ship?
Dialogmatri is at their best after you purchase that new mattress.
That's one of the most important things.
Plus, of course, all the way around the deal they make is unbeatable.
Call dialometrist toll free of 1-800-Matrus.
Get factory direct prices lower than the chain stores.
Dialometrist also has 12 months financing for you.
Call 1-800-Matrus.
You'll get the lowest prices on the best brands like you've been doing for years and I've been
doing as well.
Seagull, Cedar, King Coral, Cerns and Banana Sposter, Simmons, Tempered Predict 2.
Dialometrist has got a 99.7% on-time delivery rate as well.
In other words, you want them there and they show up.
You pick the 2-hour delivery window, name the 2-1-3-07 days a week, 8-8-10-10-10 when it's convenient
for you and they show up.
In fact, if you call right now, they'll even show up on the very same day that you call.
You can be sleeping like a baby in real comfort as soon as tonight.
Don't forget, after care is one of the major reasons why dialometrist continues to be right,
number one in the world, in customer satisfaction.
Instead of wasting all that cash and the cash, slipping around all over town, comparison,
shopping and vetting in department stores, just sit there on your fat ugly ass right now,
make the one easy call and that's all you need to do.
Dialometrist, 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRES, leave off the last S because it stands for Stupid Sales Rolls.
The biggest name of the best hotel of the day is Real Rogers, Force Radio 560.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most crucial thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most crucial things is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing is to get a new job.
The most important thing means to everyone
The most important thing means that every  can do.
And if you want tofebel yourself,
Our bodies I'll be jacked up on the sound of service
I'll be ready to pray I'll be standing now
I'll dress up the altar in the choir now
She'll be singing away
Speak to your children
I just have to find my place,
where you are always right now
And so I shall not write in a writing or text
I just have to find my place,
where you are  laundry
It is Kahdah, it is Kahdah
It is truth, it is so
It is Kahdah, it is Kahdah
It is truly Kahdah
It is Kahdah, it is Kahdah
It is truth, it is Kahdah
It is Kahdah, it is Kahdah
It is truly shroud
we'll need 13 now because of that man Number 14 and there's more qu
I think people are going to be talking about the front pages of the Washington Post tomorrow.
14 every votes on a couple of days before our workshop.
Shona.
Wow.
That is shocking, isn't it?
A little bit.
Got a little minutes to go.
We need 13 votes.
Piece of cake, man.
Totally just like Michael said, the cake in Guy Vada 3.
Cake?
And you're wondering, what is this diabetic who keeps going into diabetic comas and thrashing
on the floor?
What's he doing with a piece of cake?
Maybe he was like low carb cake.
Yeah.
Maybe meat cake.
Maybe he had like a sorbertole in it or a multitall.
You know, when I was in the drugstore, yes, they get my blood strips.
And at the counter while you're waiting, you know, there's all that impulse shopping.
They put that stuff out there.
Sure.
And he was a bunch of chopped at bars, sugar-free.
Oh, boy.
No, no, don't do it.
Now, I didn't.
And I picked a couple of them up and I looked at them and they looked very enticing.
Yeah.
The wrapper, you know, and you read.
And I read the label.
And the first ingredient, both of them, was multitallata.
Ah, oh, no, thank you.
And I put them in a wrap.
I told them.
I threw them down like they had like a cluster bomb there.
Because I know if I would have eaten them, I would have had my own cluster bomb.
When a bomb was rendez.
Why do they do that to us?
You know, those of us with delicate sensitive stomachs.
Wonder if James Franco has a sensitive tummy.
13, heaven, and a.
You know, you know, you know, you go through phases and life you become obsessed with somebody or something.
And then like, ah, you know, like two weeks later, rather than you're on to something different, you know.
We all do that.
We get it right.
No, that's what I said.
Everybody does that.
Maybe maybe that's after you find out what you were so obsessed with in the first place, wasn't all that good.
Malcolm Ritter and the Associated Press, Wright, Ace, Starlight.
And of course, all of these articles, but they never make any reference God forbid because it's on the ABC website.
They wouldn't want to make any reference to religion and question it.
In a discovery, sure to fuel an old debate about our evolutionary history.
That's as close as they come.
Scientists defied a remarkably complete skeleton of a three-year-old female from the eight-man species represented by Lucy.
Lucy, I know she was old, I know she was that old.
The remains found in Africa are 3.3 million years old, making this the oldest known skeleton of such a youthful human ancestor.
Did you see this story?
Carbon dating is a satanic plot.
It's pretty unbelievable discovery.
It's sensational.
On Daily Abel said Wilhart Court Smith, a researcher at the American Museum of Natural History in New York, who wasn't involved in the fun,
it provides us with a wealth of information.
3.3 million years old.
And of course, the Bible says, well, God invented it five thousand years ago in a Hebrew calendar, you know, 60, or whatever it is, 56.
Crap, it's all a bunch of crap.
Man made garbage.
For one thing, it gives new evidence for a contentious view about whether this species which walked upright also climbed
and moved through treasurally, the species is Australopithecus afferensis.
Oh, I can't believe I said that.
When I first looked at it, I thought, how am I going to read that?
I still apithecus.
I said, I didn't say I was going to read it right.
I just read it, just like you with Ocho Medina Jai.
What?
Ocho pala, why do you say Australopithecus?
How?
You can't say that.
I'm going to report you to Joyce.
You're a real pithyr.
Afferensis, which lived in Africa between about 4 million and 3 million years ago.
The most famous afferensis is Lucy discovered Ethiopia in 74, a creature that lived about 100,000 years after the Newfound specimen.
The Newfound is reported in today's issue of the natural nature.
The skeleton was discovered in 2000 in Eastern Ethiopia.
Scientists have spent five painstaking years removing the bones from sandstone and the job will take more years to complete.
Judging by how well it was preserved, the skeleton may have come from a body that was quickly buried by sediment and the flood of researchers.
It's a once-in-a-lifetime fine, they said.
The skeleton is being named Salam, which means peace in several Ethiopian languages.
Salam, like Shalom, Salam, in the Southern Ethiopian languages, how many do they have?
But third man, I think.
I think what the article meant to say in several languages, but it says several Ethiopian languages.
When you think that they would be, but I'm just thinking about the Southern Ethiopian.
You see, I don't want to put words in their puts.
Salam, which means peace in many languages.
Ethiopian or otherwise, Haley Salassi-Raz.
More scientists believe afferents just stood up right and walked on two feet, but they argued about whether he had, it had ape-like agility and trees.
That's the deal. What there was in a tree creature, climbing and chivalry and whatever.
What do you think?
What both ways that happened?
That's what it probably is. It's what he used to do those days. Barbarians.
I would be surprised. I'm going to refresh that thing.
Don't forget you want to see a really entertaining, good lot of action, a lot of romance, a lot of tears, a lot of laughter.
Tristan and his old doughless and anything that Chris tells you, it's for whatever's name is, Josh, you just changed your name.
Well, we got so many crisses now in the building.
Got like five.
It's amazing.
Now, do we have anyone who have any idea what they're doing?
No, but don't get criss-crossed.
Oh. Hey, Chris!
You're old!
Now I was going to say-
You're a Ferrari.
1393. I will guarantee you we need only seven in seven minutes.
If we can't make the 1400, none of us are coming back tomorrow.
The biggest name has gone best to Alex.
This is Neil Rogers, Force Radio 560.
You AM.
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan.
wholeING
whole
ING
wholeking
of
thing
Ramadan
Ramadan
Ramadan
Ramadan
Ramadan
Ramadan
Ramadan
Ramadan
Ramadan
We got the 14ewors, and don't forget to get that inquiring.
I'm a fake, you're the one picking you with it.
Don't pick it for Ramadan.
I'm a real genius, I keep myself in.
What is it?
Don't forget to play Ramadan.
Hey.
In the sky, on your next slide, I want you to die today.
I'm on a dada, rama dada, rama dada.
And I have clouded me.
I'm on a dada, rama dada, rama dada.
I find up right this leads with no reason for you to die.
azzi
Bou disguised as a finger
to go to stop, in the gaze to die.
Bouur
Is a
movie
But Slowly
