And now, get me involved with Drew Rosennas, only on SportHole Radio 560 QIPIB.
Yeah, on the phone none other than Drew Rosennas.
Thanks for joining us Drew.
Yeah, I'm a lot of...
For those who don't already know, give us a little background on yourself.
Well, I am responsible for every famous sports figure you've ever known.
Since the beginning of time, I discovered spoticus, consatio page,
Badebruth, Marth Throneberry. That was me.
I discovered Lannatina from Lincoln on down all the US presidents.
That was me. I put Neil Armstrong on the moon.
In fact, it was I who invented the very phone with Orcanon.
What have you done for us right here in South Florida?
I got you Randall Terry for the dolphins. That was me.
Randall Terry, here's this picture. Can we get a shot of that?
Yeah, there he is, Randall Terry.
Yeah, we hit the big time. That's the situation.
Drew Rosennas, gentlemen.
Yeah. Drew Rosennas right here on the phone in South Florida.
Well, what haven't you done?
Mojala David, that wasn't me.
Drew, can you show us your boobs?
My boobs?
Yeah.
Yeah, let's see your boobs.
I'm on the phone.
That's okay, we gotta make this entertaining somehow.
Sure. Here they are.
These gentlemen are my boobs.
Nice.
That's a nice, interesting.
You will only find on Drew Rosennas.
Drew, are they real?
That's genuinely not a cool thing.
Tell you what, Drew, how would you like a female companion?
Well, it's no secret. I like girls.
I'll introduce you to our program director.
It's a guy, isn't it?
Physically, yeah. But more girl than you know.
That's the situation I guess.
Yeah, it's very soft arms.
I'd rather rape Mo.
Thanks for joining us, Drew.
We'll be back with more fake collars after these words
from Glory Hold Paradise.
All right.
I'm gonna tell you, if we play that between 7 and 10,
we'd have a number.
Well, we'll have a number.
I don't know if it's gonna have like a...
Oh!
In front of it again, like in September.
Not we'll see.
Well, there's a little unexpected excitement.
I said here this morning, I'm thinking to myself,
I better look up the Arbor Toronto website,
because I know that we're due for a trend,
you know, like in late November someday.
I had no idea what was gonna be today.
And there it is today, 11.30 this morning.
It's those things again.
So about 10 minutes.
Huh?
That's your instincts again.
That's my psychic premonition of crap again.
Right.
If I could just find the good machine,
I'd like that.
I'd be in good shape.
I'd be a billionaire.
But anyway, so that clearance about 10 minutes ago
sends the word down a hallway that,
well, there are numbers are gonna be coming out.
And as soon as they come at 11.30,
he'll be sending them by.
And now he like facts is over a bunch of crap
that I already got, you know,
the monthly and, but a beep, but a move, whatever.
I'm gonna tell you one thing, man.
It's gonna be a really traumatic movie importante.
This is for the morning show.
This trend, because this will be like two full months of that stuff.
And again, I don't blame those guys.
I blame that Queensland up the hall there.
I mean, this morning, because Josh finally came,
what do you come in there about 20 of?
Yeah, that's when I get here.
So I finally, you know, got a chance to get a reprieve
from listening to Drew Rosenhausstein,
Berg, whatever the hell his name is.
And then, curb, curb street,
long street, short street,
and the longer in the short of it.
Almost back to back side by age.
And then I missed Ira and Alex Marvez,
but I'm sure they're gonna be on.
Wow.
That this is Clarence's idea programming.
You pay a high-paced talent,
and then you bring in a bunch of other people,
and pay them on top of it,
to take up all the segments,
and make sure they chase the audience away.
Which we're doing a hell of a good job of that.
Obviously, during the sport segments.
Nice going, Clarence.
You idiot.
You know, mad dog, he learned from me long time ago,
we said guests are boring.
Guests are ponderous.
They're a tune-out.
They're crap.
And he was right.
And I'll guess what he's doing.
Guests?
Yeah.
Well, not because he wants to,
but because I'm sure there's enormous pressure.
First daughter, Barbara Bush had her person cell phones stolen,
as she had dinner in a restaurant,
and when I said Argentina,
even though she was being guarded by a detailed
a secret service agent,
according to law enforcement reports,
made available to ABC News.
It wasn't the only mess happened,
the two-week trip to Argentina by Barbara,
and her twin sister, Jenna,
the Bush Twins,
a secret service agent on the advanced detail
got into an altercation with somebody after a night out,
and was badly beaten,
according to law enforcement reports.
The secret service said today,
the incident was an attempted mugging,
that occurred while the agent was on his own time,
and the agent is doing just fine.
Oh, we're fine.
The first acting took place on Barbara's first night in town,
while she was dining in the picturesque Centelmo neighborhood.
According to the reports,
the secret service agents fell and noticed the incident.
Or maybe they just happened to be intentionally looking the other way.
The secret service wouldn't come in on the first snatching,
and the first lady's office said they wouldn't come in
on any personal trip made by the daughters.
There have been recent reports, however,
that Jenna Bush has been living and working in Panama,
as an intern for UNICEF,
so if you're hunting down the Bush Twins, head for Panama.
Now, to place that everyone wants to go to,
in fact Latin America is a great place for Mexico all the way down
to the tip of Chile.
Good place to get mugged, murdered, whatever.
All of these...
All of these things.
I don't know why that is.
Here's the poll yourself from yesterday.
What do you feel most guilty about?
And again, we all apologize profusely,
because this was almost a carbon copy of the poll in previous day,
which was something like it.
What was it?
Biggest regret.
Don't you see?
I mean, similar, but not necessarily exactly the same.
It could be some crossover.
Right.
What do you feel most guilty about?
Nothing, 578.
48%. Half of us have been in a field guilty about nothing.
That's good.
Don't be living with guilt all your life.
You know, Jewish guilt, Catholic guilt, Muslim guilt.
And by the way, they're smart to have it on a plane.
Guess what?
Go and pray someplace else, okay?
If you don't want people getting pissed off and paranoid and psychotic
and having your ass dragged off the plane,
then go do your prayer someplace else.
All these...
All these getch fees, man, trying to...
Well, I won't get to that.
That's got to do with today's poll.
Yeah, take it.
You know how I'm going to drag...
I dragged down an oldie with goodie for today.
That's right.
Which has nothing to do with Thanksgiving necessarily, although.
Anyway, guilty, nothing 578.
Drinking too much.
270.
We got several heavy drinkers out there,
including Josh.
They used to feel guilty about it.
Not at all.
He enjoys it a lot.
Cheating on my spouse's last partner, 134.
I hate this poll.
133.
11% hated that poll.
And of course a lot of that, I'm sure, headed with the fact that...
You know, it's the same as the one that they before almost.
Do you think that's it?
Yeah.
I doubt it.
They feel guilty about voting for Bush 50.
And we will find you.
We'll track your ass down and blow your brains out.
Although it will be...
We'll get to get a search party to find the brains.
I never vote 21.
They feel guilty about that.
Cheating on my taxes.
Only 17 feel guilty about that.
So that either means we don't have too many people to cheat on their taxes
or we don't have very many people to feel guilty about doing it, especially with the government
just raping the public.
And thanks again to the government for getting those gas prices up again, just in time for the heavy-duty travel season.
Thanksgiving and Christmas and New Year, etc.
Now that the election's over, what did I tell you before the election?
I said, as soon as the election's over, those prices are going to go zooming up again.
And did they?
Absolutely.
Here's today's poll, which has nothing to do with guilt or although it might have to do with the Jewish guilt or Catholic guilt.
When Neil Rips religion, we did this before a long time ago, a long ago.
When Neil Rips religion, I love it.
391.
That's because we have a heathen audience out there.
Thank God.
Thank God.
391.
It's interesting.
228.
I turn the radio up.
188.
Turn it way up, okay?
I hate this poll.
Only 44 or 4.8%.
Now we're back to a much more acceptable level.
Wouldn't you agree?
I would.
I feel much better with that.
We just went to 900 votes on the poll.
We'll make 1,000 to the easy.
And then we're going to leave for the Thanksgiving a turkey day for the weekend.
Guess what, Clarence?
We're not coming back any of us.
Until maybe when we feel like it.
You idiot.
I hate this poll, 44.
I turn it off when Neil talks religion 33.
And I hated 16.
So we lose 3.6% of the audience when I talk about all that religious crap.
He's picking on my beliefs about too bad.
Tuesday can bet.
You know what it reminds me of?
It's just like this crap with the, I don't want to talk about him, though.
Mike Richards.
Oh, yeah, you're a creamer.
I think you're pardon?
That's the big story.
No, it is not the big story.
And you remind it's the big story.
I'm going to say it again.
I don't know who he is.
I didn't watch that show.
And I don't want to hear about his crap anymore.
Or about how glory already soon, his eyes on behalf of somebody else.
Because they were offended by it.
But everybody else did watch that show.
And they want to hear about his crap.
Let me say it right now.
I think in America, in any country where you allegedly have free speech,
I think we have a right to offend people.
This show offends a lot of people.
Just like this poll shows right here.
They turn it off if I rip religion.
They can't handle the truth.
We have a right to say what we believe in.
Even if it's offensive, too freaking bad.
Okay, if you're offended by it, turn it off.
Go hide under the bin.
Stick your head in the sand like a freaking ostrich.
Okay?
And this crap about world, you use the...
Somebody sent it a poll, which is a good poll.
Maybe we'll do it on Thanksgiving day.
You think so?
That would be very tasteless.
So that's good.
Let's do it.
Yes.
I mean, the tasty stuff, that's the food on Thanksgiving.
Which there is no Thanksgiving here tomorrow.
We already had it in October like I told you.
So I'm going to be missing out on that.
Well, I'll eat twice as much for you.
Yeah, eat extra turkey and lots of stuffing.
That's my favorite.
I do love stuffing.
Even stove top isn't bad.
You know, I guess I could go out and buy some stove top.
And that would raise my blood sugar real bad.
And I would puke and have to probably call in sick on Friday.
Oh, no.
What?
Miguel just got real nervous over there.
Why is that?
Just because he's going to be sitting in there all by himself.
So do you ever get that straight now with parents about the fact that you misunderstood about coming in yesterday and Monday and today?
We talked, I guess we had a, you know.
What?
We misunderstood each other.
Yeah, right.
In other words, you're sucking up to him now.
Is that the deal?
I don't know.
You know, I thought that we only talked about Friday.
Miguel coming in.
Yeah, we talked about the whole week.
So.
And what about Miguel?
Did he discuss it with him?
Because obviously he was sound asleep when you called him on the morning.
We had nobody to run the board.
But nevertheless, I don't want to go back over that again.
It's Thanksgiving tomorrow.
We should be in a really good mood.
Here is the poll suggestion.
When do you use the N word?
And there's the, uh, this is one of our regular poll suggestions.
And usually it's not too good.
This one's not bad.
Never only in the right company for the occasional joke, but I'm not a racist in parenthesis.
That's cute.
Sometimes in traffic, sometimes when watching the news, sometimes in the shower when I'm singing to myself,
Bokobrins classic, kiss a good morning.
And when we refer to my close friends on black, it says, see, there's a black guy, dark guy that uses the N word.
How about when I see OGM TV?
Huh?
Now that's an insult to people of the N category.
That's a low blow.
918 votes on the poll.
All this big sentence about, well, Mike Richards said this and he's an angry man.
Well, who cares?
You know, big deal.
It's the hot, hysterical story doosie.
Like I told you, the media telling everybody what they ought to be all whipped up about.
Forget about all the dead people in Iraq and all the lies that were, you know,
result of being there.
Now forget about those things.
Those aren't important.
What's important is that some stand-up comic that a lot of us never even heard of,
I'll use the N word because he got, now what if the guys who were heckling him in the audience would have been white?
Well, there would be a story.
I mean, he would have still gotten pissed off no doubt because he's obviously very thin-skinned.
But being, you know, if his name is Kramer, he must be Irish.
So maybe he's just fair-skinned.
I don't see a brag Kramer at Northfield Downs and Hazel Park getting all that out of shape.
So he says, what a crappy drive, Brad, you idiot, you loser.
I don't see that going on.
But crazy Kramer, remember crazy Kramer, he's dead.
That's long before your time.
You know who he used to be on with?
Who's that?
What?
Your buddy Tanner.
By the way, don't forget you're working in the Tanner building so govern yourself according to your okay?
That's what Muff would say.
Hey Muff, you fairy.
Just remember that.
You're working in the Tanner building, so walk on A-shells and don't be grabbing nobody's at privates.
Come in at 7-10 at 5-60 WQMR schedule today.
I guess Curtis is on for Magdog, a Magdog, too.
Am I right?
Yes you are.
Power Hour Hank will be doing it by himself during that hour, which I'm sure he's got a lot of practice.
Five to seven he'll be on again alone.
Panther preview with seven to Panthers and the Lightning at 7-30.
The Lightning, do they suck or what?
Absolutely.
Panthers and then any K after Panthers hockey?
What was Geltie doing in there again this morning?
Copping up the free char-hut is in it?
That's right.
Which you already have a chance to be on.
Don't we all hop on the free char-hut?
All digging right in there with the free lunch and only 10-13 in the morning.
Oh I ate mine at like a little before 9.
I know that.
921 votes on the pool.
I think this hour we went over the thousand and then we can all take a nice long nap.
Thank you baby.
Absolutely.
Gaze in a jeans.
So that's not a shot to you all.
I shot when I expressed myself religion I at home.
I let them know what don't work.
Now I'm getting paid nails from the Pope.
I'm thinking maybe he won't sleep here.
Or just have my two playmates.
I just feel we sit with live our life better with our religion.
You fair.
Never knowing hope what you're up and punch me in the chin.
What I should have said was family and junk followed by an artist's kid.
I should have just now now before I proved my faith.
Or something else.
1018 at 560 WQM 949 votes on the pool man.
We are kicking serious big fat grotesque nasty ass today already.
And like I said we'll have a thousand by the time the little hand hits the top of the hour.
It gets to be 11 o'clock and then we'll play like music for three hours.
Let me say all right.
I think we have to do that on Friday.
Interspersion music with all the comedy bits because we they're not that many that we can play anymore.
You know.
Creates a real dilemma.
I would even come in for a idea if I thought I could entrust Miguel just to you know play the right.
I'll trust you.
Didn't you do that one year?
I know actually being a board did.
I did that for a show.
I remember I played bits.
Right.
Was not Thanksgiving.
Was on some holiday.
I'm sure when you were doing that.
I don't know.
Well, at any rate, I mean it's possible back in the day to do it.
But not now because we don't it's not that we don't trust you guys judgment.
But it's you know where everybody's asses online.
And you know who's judgment exactly is it?
Joyce.
I don't know what you're laughing about.
That's it.
My anus.
See we're sure you're not going to be playing that Friday.
You sure?
Huh?
You sure?
See we would have played it.
Yeah, that's why I'm going to be in Friday.
No judgment.
But like I said, so we got so many such a limited number of bits we can play.
So we'll play like some music in there too in between.
What do you say?
Oh.
Or we'll have like Drew Rosenhaussteinberg again for another segment.
And I will win back and herb Kirk Street long street short street long fellow.
I could work out some guests for you.
That's easy.
No thanks.
Guests suck.
Okay.
But you can't tell these people anything because they're the experts.
Clarence is the expert and he's got his head so far.
Joyce's ass that it's coming out of her ear earlobes.
And that's just the way it is.
And Joe of course he's like, yeah.
Hey, Mr. Happiness.
Did I tell you this last January?
That's what he is.
He's the good time, good time jolly guy.
You know how to be running around handing out lollipops.
How do you know he isn't?
He might be.
I know he gave one to Duffin said suck on this but nevertheless.
954 votes on the pool.
See we'll get to that thousand easy by 11 o'clock and then I think it's downhill from there.
Then we got the numbers at 1130.
I think we got this baby licked and happy Thanksgiving to everybody by the way.
And if you're out there traveling, you're crazy.
Josh is going to be out there driving.
Can I say it on the ear where you're going or not?
Yeah, I don't care.
He's going to see bring.
Well, I don't think anybody would be following you over there to see bring.
No, there's nothing there.
You got relatives in see bring?
No, my family has a lake house up there.
So you're all going or you're just going nearby yourself to get away from your family?
Yeah, I'm going there by myself because I like see bring.
It's great.
No, you're not.
Nobody goes to see bring all by themselves unless they got a whole bunch of people there.
They're going to shovel all kinds of great food down their push.
Which I'm sure is what that's all about.
Don't forget here's my warning to everybody.
And that's Thanksgiving Day is a day.
If there's a day that you're likely to die from over eating tomorrow's the day.
When you agree?
Yeah.
All that refined carb crap that I talked about yesterday.
Man, going to get your blood sugar soaring and oia clog your arteries and it's very good chance you can have a heart attack and croak.
How about your pardon?
I can't wait.
Well, just don't over do it.
That's what I'm telling you.
So I'm going to over do it.
That was going to say so at least you'd be back on Friday.
But like on Monday you might be back.
You'll have the whole weekend to recuperate from tomorrow's indiscretions, which I'm sure there'll be many.
But anyway, Friday I'll be here.
I'm a gal will be here and George he'll finish his week of vacation and Josh is laying out because he's got to recuperate up there in sea bring.
Well, we'll be coming back Friday.
I'm going to that aero Smith concert and probably eating the leftovers too.
Bring it back in the car with you on the way back.
Oh, of course.
Bring a whole bunch of turkey sandwiches and then hold by a whole thing full of stuffing, you know.
And just shovel it.
Eat it with your hand.
Pee.
What does this say?
Oh, pace of global warming causes alarm.
I don't want to sit here and read for four hours today because that would be bad on the day when the numbers are coming up.
I'm sure Clarence wouldn't be too happy with that because what does it have to do with sports?
I'll tell you one thing he'd be very proud of is my desktop on my computer though.
Don't you think he would approve of that?
Oh, sure.
Probably for more reasons than one.
Hey Clarence, you're fairy.
My 15 Brady Quinn's there in his shorts and whatever those are.
His whatever.
I sure wish he'd take him off but nevertheless.
He just got there real happy look on his face.
And if he'd show up at my door, I'd have that happy look on my face too, but he won't.
I had 63 votes on the pool.
Anyway, getting back to Seth Borinstein's column.
He says a very different and frightening world coming faster than expected.
Scientists warn.
I know like that.
Oh my God.
Animal and plant species have begun dying off or changing sooner than predicted because of global warming.
A review of hundreds of research studies contends.
These fast moving adaptations come as a surprise even to biologists and ecologists because they're occurring so rapidly.
At least 70 species of frogs, mostly mountain dwellers, that had nowhere to go to escape the creeping heat, have gone extinct because of climate change analysis.
It also reports that between 100 and 200 other cold dependent animal species such as penguins and polar bears are in deep due to baby, deep trouble.
Penguins and polar bears call a Burgess Meredith right away.
We're finally seeing species going extinct said University of Texas biologist Camille Parmesan, author of the study.
That's her name Parmesan.
Now we've got the evidence it's here or is that Parmesan is Mr. Ego would say some Parmesan cheese.
You idiot, you silly person, you professional looser.
Now we've got the evidence it's here.
It's real. This is not just biologists intuition. It's what's happening said Camille Parmesan.
Her review of 866 scientific studies is summed up in the journal annual review of ecology evolution systematics.
Parmesan, I don't know what her name is, reports seeing trends of animal populations moving northward if they can.
Of species adapting slightly because of climate change of plants blooming earlier and speaking of blooming idiots.
And raised their barriers and of an increase in pests and parasites.
Parmesan and others have been predicting such changes for years but even she was surprised to find evidence that it's already happening.
She expected it would be another decade away. It's happening faster than you.
Don't blink your eye because before you know if they're all going to be gone all the frogs will be dead.
And if they're from Montreal, so be it.
Just five years ago biologists, though not complacent believe the harmful biological effects of global warming were much farther down the road.
Said Douglass Fudiyama, professor of ecology and evolution of the state university, New York and Stony Brook.
I feel as though we're staring crecest in the face, he said it's not just down the road somewhere.
It's just hurtling toward us. Duck.
Anyone who's 10 years old right now is going to be facing a very difficult and different and frightening world by the time they're 50 or 60.
Oh, thank God I'm getting ready to croak, you know what?
While over the past several year studies have shown problems with certain species animal populations or geographic areas.
Parmesan is the first comprehensive analysis showing the big picture of global warming induced changes.
Said Chris Thomas, professor of conservation biology at the University of York in England.
While it's impossible to prove conclusively that the changes of the result of global warming the evidence is so strong,
another supportive life for nations are lacking Thomas said, so it's statistically virtually impossible that these are just chance observations.
Parmesan said she worries most about the cold adapted species such as emperor penguins who have dropped from 300 breeding pairs to just nine in the Western Antarctic Peninsula.
Just the eye, that's it.
Or polar bears which are dropping in numbers and in weight in the Arctic.
Maybe if I want to lose some weight that's what I should do instead of trying to do actions of these stupid diets that don't work.
I should go to the Arctic.
Here's my ass off.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Go for it.
Down to 193 and a fraction on the scale this morning.
Not too bad for me.
That's because I finally figured out how to make a really tasty omelette in my whatever that thing is.
The GT Express.
Now you're not using those beaters anymore.
No, not using the egg beat. Why does that make a difference?
I'm using real eggs, man.
Real great A expensive honest to God eggs.
They're the expensive eggs.
Yeah, they're the ones Brady Quinn brought to my door this morning.
I said, Brady, those eggs for me and he ran like a son of a bitch.
26 past 10 at 560 WQ I am.
The first time I saw eggs with hair on them by the way.
Very interesting.
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
I want to hear him go on a date but there's no chance at all so does the make me a sportsqueer if I want to see him grab the balls oh baby wow look at that kid you wait see no man I like gravy with la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
I can do a lot I want to but I ain't gonna never get none no no days of a busy school okay that's not so great but I'm just gonna do the madly at least until he's 28
Scott Brady is out I want to quit you ain't no man way like gravy with you baby wow look at that kid you ain't
go there like gravy with
welcome
By the way Scott Brady is a 800 year old actor only chicken neck would know about somebody like that
I thought he was gonna say Tom Brady is out and you know what I'm saying when I made more sense
But since he's living frozen in the past chicken that he comes up with these people that yeah
He died 21 years ago Scott Brady. That's how he does it chicken neck
Yeah, he's a living and he is frozen in that ancient ancient old the time he's kicking an ancient style
991 votes on a poll today not bad and I am gonna use that poll thanks to ever sent it in that's not a bad poll since it's so timely now and
Everybody's all whipped up about Mike Richards and Seinfeld and all that other crap but I meet the the movement about and Gloria all red
I'm really grateful for the fact that I'm so powerful and got so many people listening to man count. I mean
995 votes. I mean look what we got and again those guys could be very funny even you said that this morning
Who was in that McGell or are you or both?
I don't know what you talking about
You are such a worse man. I mean I've listened to it. It's okay. What's that our morning show?
Kenny and Bo morning show with the sports segments that clearance voice on them that's right to do everything in his power to destroy it
I think I guarantee you he's working with his buddies two got to cross the street clearance
He's got to be those two are joined at the lip
They're joined at the back home cheek to cheek
It's got to be
Doing everything in this power to destroy every one of those shows and of course this one look what we got now we got a thousand votes
Wow, oh we're fine look at that and the day before Thanksgiving when everybody with a brain is gone
Aren't you impressed with that now you're not I?
Am I'm pretty shocked about that that's some serious progress anyway one hour from now
We'll be having those trends those ratings come out and I'm gonna kill some really good time on the day before Thanksgiving
I'll read them all even the stations have like a point you know zero zero like across the street
See that's another thing clearance don't waste my time with those numbers from the ticket
I don't really care that much because we're not competing with them on this show, which he still doesn't understand
Oh, that's the enemy over there. That's the sports station. Well, we don't care
I need like that do you care no do you listen to them? No, Christian don't listen to us either
But that's beside the point I do sometimes now Miguel does he's a radio
Maven man. He's got that dial. He's all over the place. I tried he could tell you everything that everybody said in the morning
Like what Tanner said this morning and he's not even on the air
David S cloud in New York time says US considers raising troop levels in Iraq
This is enough to make you want to gag up your Thanksgiving. We only haven't even eaten it yet
Pentagon officials conducting a review of Iraq strategy are considering a substantial
But temporary increase in American troop levels and the addition is several thousand more trainers to work with Iraqi forces a senior defense department
Official be saying this week the idea dubbed the surge option by some officials would involve the increasing American forces
Increasing by 20,000 troops and more for several months in hope of improving security especially in bag dad
That would mark a sharp rise over the current baseline of 144,000 troops and they've got a civil war going on their full flage
Uncontrolled out of control blood bath going on
And the 20,000 more troops isn't the only thing that's going to do is put more Americans in peril and cause more dead Iraqis more dead Americans but other than that
See this is what happens when you get yourself into a cragmyer when you yourself like locked into a situation that you can't get out of
Like signing a long-term deal at QAM and then finding they bring in a bunch of bozos like this to run a joint if you think what we had before was bad
Oh
Haven't got a freaking clue if there's one thing I want to hear man. It's about college football
Because I'm going to tell you right now if you don't care about college football then you're not going to listen to this radio station
It's all we tell him and occasionally the fins the fish whatever you want to call them the sick puppies
That's all we got and once in a great while about they're not very good. They're having a aren't they off to a bad start?
I think I don't pay attention then really
They lost again last night. I believe didn't they yes, they did oh no and of course isn't he out injured? Oh, yeah
Don't care 1010 on the pool already. How is this possible? I think a lot of people are voting multiple times
But I hate this polls only got 4.6 percent. That's pretty good now
Let's see how they feel about it because we'll do a whole show not can religion on the day before Thanksgiving
Oh, that's so sec religious. How can you do that? First of all, what else Thanksgiving got to do with religion? Huh?
Being being thankful for what you got in and the God didn't give it to you right you got on your own unless maybe you were born in the rich parents like the
Kennedies you know like that
You know who I saw in biography last night Ted Kennedy was on biography. I'm a big Ted Kennedy fan
Even though so he was a slime ball in many respects who now wasn't you know
He had his issues including just like Josh
A bit of a booze problem, but nevertheless. I'm sorry. That's not a pro slime ball in many respects. Who now? How wasn't you know?
He had his issues including just like Josh
A bit of a booze problem, but nevertheless. I'm sorry. That's not a problem
But wouldn't well it depends it's you know what that's like. It's like that movie
Oh, what tells you call with Philipsy more hoppin owning the honey which you haven't seen no
I have not the true story it was filmed right here in Toronto
It's about a guy who's a compulsive gambler and there's a great line in that movie. He says I don't have a gambling problem. I have a losing problem
But I don't have a drinking problem. I don't drink a lot. No, you're drunk. But you just don't oh well you that's not what you're always telling us
Well, I mean, he's always telling always getting on the balcony before you know what I mean
What I get a hammer on anything
Yeah, you get the hammer on a weekend who gets under in the week
When Neil Rift religion 1018 we got already this is shocking. This just amazes the crap out of me
I hope we do as well when a trans come out with the numbers there as we've been doing on the polls lately
Because you get to feeling that in spite of the fact that I'm reading all these stupid articles and not taking any calls
Although we took a really good one yesterday for about two seconds
Well, like nine years though
The line no no, but yeah, Max you mentioned it. I beg your pardon see what you got to do is mention it
mention what I don't have I don't have the monitor turned on so I don't know whether the ring that are not in order
Why care and if you think if you think I'm taking calls on the day before Thanksgiving you must be dreaming mister
You must be already abusing it up for the weekend no chance in your pants
The Bobby Kennedy movie comes out tomorrow speaking of the Kennedys
I had a tear in my eye by the end of that
biography show last time
I mean I didn't have like tears running down my cheeks like some kind of a you know silly-ass queen
But I had a tear in my eye it was emotional
How anybody could endure and you survived through all the things the tragedies they have in that the I don't know how he's done it
You're okay Teddy have another drink
Boy, and I'm telling you they showed some of the pictures when he married his second wife his current wife
Remember when he had bulked up it was like about 800 pounds
Just unbelievable like a moving mountain he looked like the the beast and fat rich you're combined
Just a giant in the political industry
When Neil talks rich real ripped religion I love it 448
Yeah, I need to do a lot more of it. Oh, there's a what's his name from
Fish and Impossible Peter Graves
My husband totaled our new SUV on my birthday, but you know why still loving anyway
I will near-rept religion it's interesting 253 I turn a radio up
211 I turn it up I blast that thing so that everybody all these
Getski's out there can hear the truth for once in their lives and maybe they stop being emotional cripples all the time
Oh the good lord said they just think we're lia right good lord my ass
I hate this pool 47 4.6 percent you see how it went up a little bit since I mentioned that
Uh-huh. I turn it off 40 that means we lose 3.8 percent if we talk religion
See threatening to turn the show off or uh, I that doesn't fly with me and never I has has no impact
And I hate it 19 when it talks religion I hated 1.8 percent
But those people still keep listening though. So in other words, they're massacres
Probably just like to the bush crowd out there. There we don't I mean
We ever say anything good about this president. Oh, we didn't deserve having anything good said about it. Oh no
So they're still listening whatever that small number is of right wingers who are just probably monitoring the show
I'm just gonna
This is real roger sports radio 560
You
Plastic centers everywhere I go
Stores are already selling crap all Christmas
It's too damn early
Haven't even at work yet and they want to put me in that shopping on
The net
I don't want to hear bells to see little elves or wolves of how they wrap
I don't need to see lights with things I like night. It's really to give a crap and then by say yes
I won't say it to all give him a slap
I've already selling crap
All Christmas
It gets earlier every year
They're setting up the manger scene. I hope that this don't sound mean
But we just finished up with Halloween
The stores are already selling crap all Christmas
It's too damn
Burntly
I don't want to hear people sing
Here's the freaking thing is not even saying
Can't face surprise it's almost
Still a cute bit even though it is Thanksgiving tomorrow and then of course Friday is that biggest shopping day of the year when everybody goes out there and acts like a bunch of lunatics
And you wonder why they do that? Why do they do that because they can a
Survey of the Iraqi people just released by world public opinion org wpo
You know what wpo stands for were pissed off
Chosen most Iraqi support insurgent attacks on American troops and the majority of those pulled want the US out of their country
Well, you know what screw them. I say get the troops home in time for a nice Thanksgiving turkey dinner tomorrow
Get them on the planes right now and get them all out of there
What a coincidence right's Bob guy here every pulled on in the US in recent months shows that Americans also want the US out of the hell out of a rack
The only people who seem deaf to this are George W. Bush's administration in the bulk of congressional Republicans
The wpo pull which took place in September showed that 71% of the Iraqi people want the US military occupation and within a year
61% favor violence against our troops
How do you like that? Does that piss you off a little bit just on aero of Thanksgiving? I would think so just a tad
Support for attacks on US that forces has grown to a majority position now six and ten said the wpo's formal report on the survey
Support appears to be related to widespread perception held by all ethnic groups that the US government plans to have permanent military bases in Iraq
And wouldn't withdraw its forces from Iraq even if the Iraqi government asked it to
If the US were to commit to withdraw more than half those who approve of attacks on US troops say their support for attacks would diminish
In other words if you promise to get that out out then we don't favor killin
Other pull results 58% of Iraqi said inner ethnic violence would decrease if the US led forces pulled out
58% 78% say that US military presence is provoking more conflict than it's preventing
At 53% believe a US timeline would draw with strength and not weaken the Iraqi government such as it is
Of course your president set on the strip to southeast Asia this week that the Lesni believes America should observe from the
Catastrophic Vietnam more in applied Iraqis that will succeed unless we quit
Which is why despite the opinions of most Iraqis most Americans and the clear mandate of our midterm elections
Bush continues to oppose the timetable for bringing the troops home
When Bush gets back to Washington he should go to visit the Vietnam veterans memorial
Look at the 58,000 names of our ward dead there and ask himself how many of those would be alive in during retirement age right now
If we had not stayed the course in another war for so many years
But I feel confident he'd miss that lesson as well says Bob Gaguar on smirking chim
Well, what is no sense? There's no feeling and of course he didn't have to worry about that
Nasya in Vietnam because he was able to
Dodge it he dodged it. He's a dodger the artful dodger
1047 votes on the pull man. We might have close to 1100 by the top of the hour
This is a major development. I sure hope that it's on the front page of the Washington Post and the LA times tomorrow on Thanksgiving day
Aren't you excited about those numbers coming out
No
Don't forget just send me the 18 plus I don't want to waste a whole rim of fax paper on you know all this other crap
Pigmies under 15 and all this other garbage that we don't have like women. We don't have any women
Although on our my space page we have many women don't we
That would do
We actually have condolese a bearded condolese on there is some pretty nifty stuff. Oh, and you should watch the video
That's on top. Yeah, oh really watch that video
I will the volume on I will
784 friends we have in our my space page and we got that nice new picture of Brady Quinn which made for my nice uh desktop there
But mostly I mean the other stuff is cute, but not as cute as he is and if it sounds like I'm becoming obsessed
It's getting really disgusting. You know what? Too bad and it's very interesting to me that the thing about the holy Bible
Which is very funny if you look at it
That's just a couple of spots above Brady's picture
So it goes to show if you pray long enough something really good will eventually
pop up
Isn't that what the message is from that?
Yeah, that's it. I know I'm praying for it and of course like always when you pray a lot it doesn't do any good
Now what did you say yesterday he looks like a chipmunk Brady Quinn? Yeah, he's got big teeth
James Carvel's attempt to topple Howard Dean is chairman of the Democratic National Committee failed after state party officials
Even a vocal critic of Dean crushed the coup official said they crushed the coup. This is from the New York Daily News
Inside is from the Hillary Clinton camp Winston Carvel's on timely remarks last we calling for Dean's ouster
In favor of unsuccessful Senate candidate Harold Ford at Tennessee
It wasn't just coming from Hillary and they made a real effort to distance himself from James comments
Said a source close to the Clintons. You know swillery
The Clinton East is don't want an undeserved backlash from the activist wing of the party that overweld my new supports Dean
Especially because some anti-Clinian Democrats have blamed Senator Hillary Clinton for the attack by Carvel a long time Clinton insider
Those forces claimed Carvel's motive was to topple Dean in favor of a chairman more favorable to Hillary's bid for the presidency. How do you like that?
Bitch
Carvels remarks last week came as House Speaker designate Nancy Pelosi speaking of bitch bungled the race for Democratic majority leader
Party operatives acknowledged the Carvel and Pelosi side shows were detracting from their election victories as usual the Democrats
That's their specialty
Grasping defeat from the jaws of victory
Bungering it when they finally get their hands on the ball they funneled it away
By the way, how do you like that? Dolphin rushing a performance against the Vikings? What was it three or four yards?
I read in the box words had three but very jackass this morning so they had four yards that minus
Oh, it's minus four yards minus three or four. Yeah. Oh
All the Ronnie Brown downtown Ronnie Brown did help a job. We had 12 carries for two yards. That's not bad
That's a six to be yard a carry
We applaud chairman dean for its commitment to ensuring Democratic candidates and state Democratic parties have the resources and tools needed to compete and win
And we remain committed to the hard work of rebuilding our party for the future said mark brewer president of the association and state democratic chair
chairs
Chairsman
Brewer's organization dorsdene's 30 million dollar effort
And help when six new Democratic governorships and control a ten or more state legislature dean is credited with launching that 50 state program
They laughed at him when he said it and he didn't help a job nice going how he
credited with launching a 50 state program to rebuild the party at the grassroots as the GOP so successfully done for the past 25 years
No question dean can survive because this is a mathematical equation
He has the votes on the DNC because he's been investing in the state party said party activist david soroda
I remember that song my uh sure soroda yeah at the knack
Carveld didn't respond with attempts to contact him. He's mom. He's too busy. Oh shavin is ball spot
Even dean basher representative ram a manual trimmer to the democratic
congressional campaign committee and an ex-advisor to bill couldn't call dean last week to say Carveld was
Acting alone. What the hell was that?
I was my sorona didn't sound like it to me. He made it
That wasn't it what it says
Get out of here
And one time DNC chairman Don follow referred to Carveld as an ill-advised voice
Why do the Washington people think they've got a special
Paragotive to dictate what the democratic party needs follow about an email to the party faithful
Why should anyone want to mess with the team that won these remarkable election results? He be asking how do you like that?
So once again the infighting goes on and the meantime all these people are dying and
Bloodbath and Lebanon again those poor bastards
I guess my lesbianies cab driver is gonna be really down on the dumps when he picks me up this afternoon for WWW would mine Wednesday
Do you think it's a woodbite week for you?
It sure is he got Thanksgiving tomorrow, which is no holiday here
So it's gonna be nice and quiet there. I can go out there in the morning tomorrow and get my own machine
Mon find a good machine and with my tremendous
Persepacacity day with my
Fragnostications working so well. I should be able to pick out the good machine
Shouldn't I since I knew that was a ratings day? I just had that feeling my psychic powers again. Well good luck to you
I hope you hear the prize doll. Yeah, I sure you do
You're a so sour on slots man. I'm not sour. I just don't like it great story on that by the way
I am so glad they mention that they interrupted where the hell is it if I can find it. I got a huge pile today and you want to know why?
Why's that?
Because I have a huge pile every day
See one thing you'll notice is that I don't like get to like one 15 and then say well, that's all I got you know like
I would never well know because that I would probably have to call is or else to talk to you for 45 minutes
I don't think that's gonna happen right
About 20 miles north of alligator alley up a two-lane road that winds past grazing cows
Stands the seminal tribes newest casino
Housed in an air-conditioned white tent it offers 63 slot machines and little else
Three-vending machines stand in a corner the restrooms are in a portable unit out back at 530 on a Friday
There are no customers just a manager and two employees
Well, that's weird. I just I was just there. I didn't see anything. I that's how I get the tampon back
The remote big Cypress casino, which isn't even listed on the tribes website with other casinos is one of the main reasons
The seminals and governor jemps your fat ass bush in April broke off negotiations over gambling compact a
Compact and agreement governing travel casinos would mean bigger profits for the seminals with a share going to the state government
It would allow the tribe to install vagus style slots at its casinos and place it on silly bingo style machines
Which typically offer lower payouts in January less profit currently the state receives no share of the tribes gambling revenue of course
The seminal say they simply want to enforce their sovereign right to operate casinos on their land
A spokesman said the tribe has no plans to expand the big Cypress operation although he wouldn't rule that out
If the casino did expand around a hotel if I bring development and additional traffic to one of the most important areas remain to the floor to panther
According to a state panther expert
I didn't know they played hockey out there either in that joint
The governor a staunch opponent of gambling a real big fat ass tipikrit wants the big Cypress casino shut down
Arguing its existence threatens the environment of these surrounding Everglades
He views the casino was intent by the tribe to expand gambling operation to be out its casinos
And Hollywood cook and a creek brightened Tampa and in mockery said rack hell rod regga is the governor's general council's name ends in z
So there you go. It's 20 miles north of alligator alley up a two-lane road
Well, you you don't go on that road. I'm talking about what are you talking about? I went to Tampa
I just told you I had a data alley all the way up. I mean it ends, but you know you take 75 to Tampa
But how do you know which road this is it says up a two-lane road that one is all for alligator alley
There's nothing there
But cows like the article mentions. Yeah, but there's a road. There's an exit there if you get where where you go off to the
Thing the big sapris casino be look for it and next time you go plunge your guts out
The biggest names of best talents that I'm the guy with a gig and your Rogers for sure. How do we open?
This is the neo-roger show
Ha ha ha ha any questions
On the next Oprah you'll be shocked you'll be amazed
You'll be talking about it for the next however long until she shocks you again
Oprah makes your wildest dreams come true all today
Every one in the studio audience all
276 members get a brand new
Liver
Then tomorrow all 276 studio audience members get a brand new
You villa
The next day all
276 members of the studio audience get a three-foot helper monkey
All 276 audience members get a new prosthetic arm
Oh, bro giving away great stuff. She didn't have to pay for even though she could easily afford to and next season
Everybody in the studio audience gets stedmen
You can have it's 1102 at 560 W and we got the Curtis for the mad dog at two and then the the Humper
From four to seven solo panther preview at seven o'clock any interest come on a little bit
Panthers enlightening at the 730 and eddie case you after that by the way
Can you please tell some person to stop sending this time
magazine article about Miami we don't care for the love of God
Yeah, we don't care. Okay, in fact Josh is getting pretty peered about it. Okay
Quit wasting our facts paper in our time with some stupidity. I don't know. What does it say? What's it about?
It's just about people leaving Miami
Yeah, well, we already know that including me. Okay, so cut the crap nobody did hear the fact that says our internet is going in and out
I don't see any dropouts. I see one dropout on there. I look listen
It's a day before Thanksgiving one thing we ought to be thankful for is the fact that we're not gonna pay any attention
All these Ojohn provocateur go out there. We don't care
Stop the complaining stopping professional and the guy that's in need about the internet going out
That's why people are leaving South Florida could get disturbed on the day before American Thanksgiving
This is from the agents France press from some French fraud publication
mayor
I think he's gonna do it John Pike director of global security.org a military issues think tank told AFP agents
France press they're gonna bomb WMD facilities next summer he added referring to nuclear facilities
Orances are for peaceful uses and walking in and sister really intended to make nuclear bombs or WMDs
It would be a limited military action to destroy their WMD capabilities added the endless believing
US military invasion of Iran is not on the table
US journalists seem more harsh no relation to sunny also said of the weekend that
White House hawks led by vice president Dick Cheney or is there Chris Matthew says Dick Cheney
We're intent on attacking Iran with it without the approval of the US Congress
Both houses of which would switch from Republican Democrat control in January after the November 7th legislative elections
The New Yorker published an article by her saying that one month before the elections
Cheney held a meeting on Iran in which he said the military operation would never be discarded
The White House promptly issued a statement saying the article was riddled with inaccuracies
Joseph Serencioni senior vice president for national security international policy at the center for American progress
A Democrat friendly think tank also believes the US government could decide to attack Iran
It's not realistic, but it doesn't mean we won't do it each old AFP and interview it's less likely after the elections
But it's still very possible
Moe possibly
If you look at what the administration is doing
It seems that it's going to inevitably lead us to a military conflict he added saying that no alternative
Solution was being sought including discussions with Iran on Iraq which could lead to talks on Iran's nuclear program and rule in the region
Senior members of the Bush administration remained seized with the idea that the regime in Iran must be removed to Renseoni said
The nuclear program is one reason, but their deeper agenda is this belief that American military power can be used to fundamentally transform the regime's in the Middle East he added
With the resignation of Rumsfeld, hardliners and the government have lost one of their leading advocates
And his replacement former central intelligence agency chief Robert Gates has in the past favor
Direct talks with Iran
But they remain within the administration at the highest level the office of ice present the national security council staff perhaps the president himself they be saying
Jirentzioni also accused Neokhan circles of promoting the military option against Iran and the Sunday op-ed piece in the LA Times
Joshua Miravczyk resident scholar of the Neokhan American Enterprise Institute called for getting tough with Iran
We must bomb Iran. He said the path of diplomacy and sanctions has led nowhere our options. Therefore our narrowed to we can prepare to live with a nuclear arm to Iran
Or we can use force to prevent it
Israel's also been pushing Washington to get tough on Iran. Israeli deputy defense minister
Eskram Sney didn't rule out preventive military action a lot of he was related to Harold Snepps
Did not rule out preventative military action to stop Iran from requiring nuclear weapons in a reason to be with the English language
Jerusalem post
However, Iran in president Maashmoud Akhmadini jad seems unperturbed
On Monday, he said Israel was incapable of launching a military attack on Iran's nuclear sites and called Israeli threats proper gander
That's what he said. It's a lot of proper gander
Yeah, that's the guy
Akhmadini jad
Akhush Mirin Toshas, whatever his name
1093 votes on the poll we are going to be on the precipice of 1100 any second now on the day before Thanksgiving
Wow
mighty impressive
And of course if you believe any of that the only numbers that could be impressive are one of the trends come out at 1130
Then we'll see if we've got any audience left
We'll see if the morning and I'm going to tell you if the morning show doesn't like make some significant progress from that disaster is point nine in September
I will have a new morning show on Friday morning
I don't know what it'll be. I'm sure they don't either it'll be something else
Somebody talking to me. Yeah, Drew. Huh? That's where I'm guessing
What people talking to guests
People talking to guests right 15 minutes segments. Let's see 7 to 10 is 3 hours is 8 to 9 20 every Friday morning
That made me want to drop a huge pile right on the floor here
I mean how's that possible?
As some of some great philosopher some radio maven said to me not too long ago when your pan supposedly high priced real talent big money to do these shows
They're supposed to be the experts whether it's about sports whether it's about coin collecting news and new mathematics
Whatever the hell it's about baseball cards you name it
And so now on top of that you got to pay and they beast these wonder what are losing money? Oh
my god
What are missing all those meals over there in Naples?
1100 votes it's just 11. Oh wait, we got 1100 even
Oh, how do you like that? Wow
When Neil talks to a ripped religion. I love it form to D.1 good for you
It's about time we found some people with a brain bigger than their digit
It's interesting 277. Yeah, sure is it's pathetic is what it is not that I talk about it, but that it's going on
all these fairy tales all these
Hobgoblin goofball silly-ass people
See if I only picked on one like have I only picked on like Catholics or born again Christians then I'd be a bad guy
But it's all crap
It's just a question of which brand of crap you want to well participate in you know or which you were born into most likely
It's like life is a lottery and god decided that if you were lucky enough to be born in the family that believes in the right religion
Then you're gonna go to heaven, you know
But if you're unlucky enough to like have the word the wrong lotto ticket
Your screwed baby no matter what kind of life you live you're gonna burn in hell
That makes sense right it's right on the airport loving god what it'll be praying right there in the airports
When Neil rips religion it's interesting to 77 so between those two you got like 60 almost 70 percent
I turned the radio up to 127
I hate this pull 52 4.7 percent see the way that's edging up now just to piss me off on the day before Thanksgiving
I don't care
I turned it off when he rips religion 42 3.8 percent they turn it off because they can't handle it
They can't stand to have somebody challenge their fairy tales their the bubble my sees
And I hate it 21 well, that's not too bad about five five point seven percent hated or turned it off or go bye-bye
I think we need to do a lot more uh religion bashing shows maybe on Friday and between those bits
We'll sit here and rip religion in fact, but I think we'll play all the anti-religion bits
On a Friday would that be inappropriate on the day after Thanksgiving?
Yeah, I mean what the hell do the pilgrims have to do?
They were the ones that were like burning the witches and everything what those that got to do with with religion
They came to America to escape
Religious persecution and the first thing they started doing is persecuting people because of religion
There you go. I like that take your god and you shove it with a moon don't shine
Maybe that's where god is hiding. We can't find him
Maybe he's deep inside somebody. Yeah, there you go. So what I would do is I'd stand in far while those big mirrors
I'd stand in front of it. I'd bend over
I would reach back and grab my chief spread them wide and then look in there and see if god is in there
You think maybe that's where he's hiding and somebody's right. Don't maybe he's in everybody's butt
You think that's possibility
Well, it could have been confusion because people say he's in your heart. Well the virgin Mary
I mean she's on the side of bank building
She's on underpasses in Chicago there like on water stained overpass underpass grilled for some stuff
I'm on on pizzas on
burritos
The immaculate. I don't want to say the Mexicans are a bunch of really silly Genskis but boy they sure are
I mean if all the Catholic groups they and well, I guess it's all over Latin America, isn't it? Yeah, Miguel should know
not the Cubans though, right?
Carrying signs with slow well listen there too busy you know squeezing their
Their grandchildren's private so they don't have time to worry about that. Yeah, they're too busy checking it out to see if it's who's been naughty and nice
Carrying signs with slogans such as best inflight me a lever scores of mothers breastfed their babies at airports around the country yesterday and assure support for a woman who was ordered off a plane for nursing redotta without covering it up
It's about raising consciousness about our cultures sexualization of the breast
breastfeeding needs to be supported whenever and wherever the meaning of weight what what is the chopped off said Chelsea Clark 31
We're in God of breast milk question mark t-shirt as she nursed her nine week old son of the Burlington airport
All these militant broads just whipping their boobies out there. I'll tell you one thing if they want it in airlines want to get the um
For Senators seats sold on the flights way up there. That's one way to do it. I fly so-and-so airline fly, uh, you know naked breast airlines
They'll be packed on air about 25 women left uh turned out for the nursing at the airport parking themselves near a ticket counter
In a peaceful but not so quiet demonstration held at airports in Boston Vegas, Columbus, Ohio
Nashville, Tennessee, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, Hartford, Connecticut, Albuquerque, New Mexico and someplace else that's a blotched out
Some of the women carried signs that read don't be lactose intolerant and breast not just for selling cars anymore
Which I have no idea what that means what uh, what does that mean
Got up now on October 13th Emily Gillette 27. Well, we know that she was ordered to off the plane from Burlington because she was breastfeeding her daughter
Wouldn't get off the damn plane the airline later disciplined the unidentified employee
Who was uh, but lactivist and women's rights supporters were outraged and she let file the complaint with the Civil Rights Commission
It was a basic human thing we were doing and should be able to do it in public without being kicked off planes said whatever her name was
So there you go. They're getting militant and they're whipping their breasts out and guys are going like oh right
Just like that. I'll fly there airline anytime
1112 votes on the pool. We got the numbers coming out in 20 minutes. What could possibly be not to like?
The biggest name except for the final
Crown General Subtlifation Radio 560
Available in video stores now
A honeymoon video that K Fed wants you to see and Brittany does not want them to sell oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god
She's not opposed to three since it's the best sex I've ever had and I'm a sexologist
We used K.Y. and tongue depressors in this
You've an isolated sexual incident. They sleep with her. They're not sleep with her. More than a hundred thousand positions available in video stores now
Oh my god. I want you to have sex. I want to do it for real
And the bad news is the disgusting news is if anybody should care and by now we really shouldn't is that they're back together again
Do you see that no? I didn't see that. Oh yeah, they're reconciling and they're back together again
And he's like doing whatever and then also in the tabloids
Inside stories about how he beat the crap out of her and the beatings and the whippedings and the black eyes etc all of these
all of these things
But why the hell should we care about those people? They'll have any talent. No other than she used to look really really good. You used to
First time back and he never of course did even at birth he looked bad. I'm sure that slimy and nasty. Oh brother
He's got Yehu written all over his pus
Palm Beach a post says West Palm Beach saw a new record low this morning is the temperature of 40 degrees with recorded a
Palm Beach International Airport at 601 this morning previous record law for today was 41
On the day before Thanksgiving a record low in Palm Beach. Is that something to be thankful for?
Record lows also set are tied in Melbourne 38
zero beats 39
Hollywood had 46
Miami Beach 48 and Key West 55
When I woke up here this morning it was about 30 man 30
But now we're going into some real warm weather don't ask me why we're going into a real warm spell
In fact the 7 to 8 that's 45 and like a double digits like 50 next to a few days. So there you go
Write it down in a cashier know we can talk about on your show on them Friday
Also forecasted said the warmest it could get today would be the lowest high temperature on record the record in West Palm Beach for this date is 67 degrees
Forecast put us on the path to at least tie that maybe only like 65
So visitors to South Florida skip this next sentence the rest of you listen up while weather service specialist Bob Ebaugh describes a concept lost on many of us
You want to make you may want to think about dressing in layers like a sweater and a jacket maybe a long sleeve shirt under that
So it begins to warm up shred the layers. Oh, geez
But things should begin to warm up on Thanksgiving. They continue warming through the weekend. Well, that's good. I'm happy for you
Like people need to be told how to dress when it's like a little chilly outside
Which seemed to me that you'd be in hog heaven with a weather's like this. This is heavenly. I'm the one like you got there
How windows are open the whole time. It's beautiful. I mean here. It's sunny. It looks it looks about 70. I'm looking out the window. There's sunny and 70
Of course, it's not it's sunny and I'll tell you exactly what is here in a second. It's sunny and what is it? Oh, if 41
42 it's already getting toasty. How do you like that if it's 42 this early in the morning? We're gonna. It's gonna be a hundred by the end of the day. You'll see
21 past 11 and 560 WQM worried about 10 minutes clearance you and your silly sports segments with Ira and
What what's okay? You want to say that?
The wall is game day
I'm an college gay day
Yeah, college gay day. Oh boy
Well, that's pretty impressive. I know I sure tune into miss that he also does uh, you know, it games on us. PN
Big of a thanksgiving and we tried to drum some common sense in their head
But when you give the keys to a kingdom to a little sports nerd who goes to bed in a jockstrap every night
Two weeks after winning reelection as an independent due to losing Connecticut's Democratic primary Joe Lieberman
This will make your skin crawl he already does
Julie Lieberman is hired a former spokesman for the Christian coalition as his new communications director according to Raj story
The new high re also formerly served as a senior fellow at the Democratic Leadership Council
A legislative director for the conservative heritage foundation and a communication director to senator John McCain
52-year-old political punitive and activist martial Whitman is very popular with Washington journalists because he often gives a good quote
According to a Washington Post profile from earlier this year
He's been a trotsky a union organizer a lobbyist a government bureaucrat a think tank cogutator
An a-descended or John McCain and despite the fact that he's Jewish the official spokesman for the Christian coalition
In other words another sellout like Joe Lieberman birds of a feather a dove in together
Which raises a perplexing question why the hell would anybody listen to the political thoughts of a guy knuckleheaded
Birds of a feather a dove in together
Which raises a perplexing question why the hell would anybody listen to the political thoughts of a guy knuckleheaded enough to get mixed up when movements formed by both Leon Trotsky and Pat Robertson
Women explained at the time he may possess an extra contrarian gene
A pressur because in the left wing universe one must oppose everything the president supports women
Moat in February the truth is that a good part of the left believes the George W. Bush is a greater threat to America than
Osama bin Laden he said
Absolutely correct. I think he's got a good point there and so today
I think he's got a magnificent point if he asked me at least Osama's hiding in a cave somewhere
Maybe we could get W'd I'd like to join up with him how they could move in together get a couple of bunk beds
Because that's especially isn't a W is bunk
Kind of like clearance in fact you ever see the two of them together same person
But in forty votes on the pool. What do you send me now? I feel a I can smell a facts coming over
Some copy some
Interesting copy copy
What is that this is a piece of copy the copies the third sheet the first two archers. Oh give you a little this is Gary Sarner's crap again
Okay, Gary Sarner whose main back by his orifice there's a big sign in neon lights. It says copy ain't me
That's his speciality copy ain't me
I don't know from copy although I do notice that this is a little circle you on each one of these pages
So another was he came in here and fed you this garbage all this stuff which I have no interest in reading
Thousands and zillions and on and on to go just send the copy along. Okay my farbison friend
The third page is that that's the copy yeah the one that says sixty seconds
Let me ask you something is the person that we hired to write copy did they go like on vacation or they like taking off a
17-day
Thanksgiving holiday weekend or something and he like that
This place I'll tell you one thing. I'm gonna be so thankful tomorrow that I don't have to be involved with this radio state that that's what I'm most thankful for
I'm thanksgiving that I won't have to be involved any no grief no tourists no make believe copy no BS no faking their way through life no
Shlocking their way along
Speaking of shlok by the way the numbers are coming up pretty same
Is
Radio 560
New GOP bucket the GOP bucket is all white meat right wings and only 29 95 when Jews attack
2129 till noon at 560 WQM the trends for what months are gonna be it's gonna be August September October
Gonna be coming over any second now
Excited I had Kevin and Brittany in existence. It goes without saying that the stories of Kevin attempting to sell such a video
Are patently false and anyone who reports that they have information such attempts to either lying or reporting the life somebody else he said
The couple married in 2004 and spears 24 found for divorce this month
However, a federal line is counter sued seeking custody of their two children and according to what some crap
I saw in the crawl last night. They're
Reconciling they're they're either touching each other again. They're doing something. They shook hands and whatever
1153 votes on the pool. I've loaded up my facts machine man with like lots and lots. I don't know why though because I only want them in 18 plus
Is he in here yet? No, he's not of course not. It's only 1132. You know, it's gonna be a little delayed
You know why is that well? It always is it's not like he walks in here at 1130 hands. It's three after already
What can I read them or read out article in the meantime that'll kill some good time in them when the numbers start coming in
We'll read them all we'll find out how magic is doing 68 year old Ricky Tiki shot Jimmy Hummel
Ice-go on Ricky. Can you imagine here's a guy almost 70 years old and he's free tips his cat back. Hey tip it back Rick
Hmm. What does that thing stink?
Marine doubt says lost in the desert
Iraq now with folks that old jinnu's is that the election finished what Katrina started
It dismantled the president's fake reality about Iraq causing opinions to come gushing forth from all quarters about where to go from here
The bad and his wormy aids of course are still babbling about total victory and contemplating the completing the mission by raising the stakes and knocking off the mules in Tehran
His tombstone will probably say here lies Dick Cheney still winning
Even Henry Kissinger is defected from the plan A gang wasn't a ran his tombstone will probably say here lies Dick Cheney still winning
Even Henry Kissinger is defected from the plan A gang once he thought the war could work
But now he thinks military victory is out of the question when he turns against the war
You know the wars in trouble. He also believes living quickly would risk a civil war so big it could destabilize the entire Middle East
The death squads even assess the times as time shanker about his curtailed roles of reducing sectarian violence
And restoring several authority acknowledging we will attain that will be attained those I don't know
At a Senate hearing last week general John Abbasade sounded like Goldilocks meets where in Gwernika
See I knew she would do it asserting two propositions about the war that are logically at war with each other
He said we can't have fewer troops because Iraqis need this
But we can't have more because we don't want the Iraqis to become dependent on us
He can tend to an increasing number of our troops that make the Iraqi government mad
But also asserted that decreasing the number would intensify sectarian violence
This is a poor menu of options says more in the queen
As Peter Biner wrote in the new republic this week and a particularly cruel twist
The events of recent months have demolished the best arguments both for staying and for leaving
Noting in the same magazine that we're approaching a Sodom-like magnitude for the murder of innocents
Lay Ali on Ysul here worried that the same problem may be deeper than the number of our troops
It may be Iraq itself
After we invaded Iraq, Iraq invaded itself
He said worth a mercy of Iraq where there's no mercy
Kirk sample the Times Baghdad correspondent is presumably with the support of some leaders in Iraq's dysfunctional government
Now with a police begging the Americans not to make them patrol Baghdad's mean streets
And showing her their strapped no wounds. She just wants to get her unit home and assist into the Palestinians as if their lies are
Iraq's salvation James Baker will mostly try to suggest that the U.S. talk to Iran and Syria
Yesterday after the lesbianies industry minister Pierre Jamile and opponent Syria was assassinated in Beirut
President Bush said he suspected that Iran and Syria were behind the murder. Maybe Mr. Baker had better find plan C
The Pentagon is trying to decide whether we should go big go long or go home
Go figure says maybe Mr. Baker had better find plan C
The Pentagon is trying to decide whether we should go big go long or go home
Go figure says marine nice going honey. She's always great go figure
Go stick it
1160-3 votes. I think we'll have about 1200 by noon. That's pretty exciting and how those numbers come in don't have no
Why not? We got to say our prayer is five times a day says what who don't toy do that?
How about a hundred times a day that'll make it 20 times better
Then you get like 60 virgins instead of just three or what it was supposed to be seven
Seven virgin. Yeah, but they're all gonna be wearing burkas
And what when you take that burka off?
What did you see it's probably gonna be they're all gonna look like that chick that was in the casino and would buy me the other night
That attending guys wife or girlfriend or whatever the hell she was. Oh my goodness. Sugar mama
well wow
She was meus
When Neil ribs religion. I love it 510. It's almost half 40 feet point seven percent of the audience love it
They can't get enough of it
It's interesting 293 that's another quarter 25 percent. I turn the radio off way up
239 at blast that I crank it. I roll the windows down
I hate this pool 57 4.8 percent. Notice how that just keeps creeping and creeping a little more a little more
How much of Moe's voting on it he hates it? I
Turned it off 43 and I hated 23 so that's like down to 5.5 percent who hated or turned it off
Maybe the people are really hated have already turned it off because I'm taking the poll on off 43
And I hated 23 so that's like down to 5.5 percent
Who hated or turned it off maybe the people are really hated have already turned it off because I'm taking the poll on it
And they can't stand that always doing anti religious talk on the day before Thanksgiving
What a heathen faggot. Yeah, and what's the point he's saying it? I've been saying it for years and I just can't do it
Just don't care. You know, let's play that fucking hymns and I don't care come on you got it
I don't care or don't you care. That's the name of the song. No two here. Sorry
And let's play a little bit of ish kibble too when the numbers come in now if you got did the experience coming in with them
Yep, yeah, they have a smile on his poster like an ugly mean nasty surly look
Uh neither or he just looked like the usual non-descript puts that he is
Here we go the bucking hands on clumpy records. I'd say I don't know 68 69 70 67
That's the sex. Oh, I guess so
You don't know what was it
Okay, that's enough
Funny till noon underwood
And then we got the panther preview at seven o'clock panthers and the woeful lightning at seven thirty five of the world famous Eddie K show
Attention men if you guys out there have got a hair loss problem or maybe you're currently wearing some kind of a hair system
I want you to open your ears up. Why get the wax out for more than 40 years Charles off here has been designing hair systems first everybody
Show business people politicians and most importantly every day slipper is just like you
Now people say they can always spot a hair system
They know when they see one but those are the bad ones
How many good hair systems go on notice because they look so natural that you don't know it's not the real thing
And that's Charles Alfie Erie his hair systems are complete and natural design
Would just the right amount of hair in the proper recessions run your hands through it and pretend you're running your hands through
Brady Quinn's head
It looks and feels just like you're in some its years for just an additional
500 bucks
And the folks at Charles Alfie Erie studios are so confident that if you're not completely happy return and get your 99 bucks back
That's an offer you can't refuse like I always tell you
You've got nothing loose but that ugly bald spot that makes you look so much older
Charles Alfie Erie in Fort Lauderdale for a no obligation appointment and Charlie will show you how much better he can make you look
Call 1-800-321-2413 that's 1-800-321-2413 you won't believe how much better and how much younger you're gonna look
The biggest names of best talent to the this is wheel rogers for 205 60-2-am
You
You
You
You
You
In the two years of marriage cave fed and Brittany Kevin third-align may have burned through a half for fortune
Some are saying that he spent upwards of a hundred million dollars
Brittany Kevin together
Kevin is it true that you spent half of Brittany's fortune?
I've been paying for everything out of my pocket
Everything are you that ignorant everything you know Kevin I don't like you and it's my show
So I'm just gonna hit you with this taser gun
Oh
Yeah, I can increase the voltage too. I have feelings Kevin no talking
Oops, I did it again
I should we'll be right back
Four people know here's the numbers. I don't have them. I don't know where you're faxing this stuff
But it's nothing coming over here. Well, you should have them in a little bit
Well, what does that mean? Meaning I when I hit send the first time they didn't go through so I had to do it again
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Like I just got through saying before the break everything in that place man
It's not firsthand. It's not even secondhand. It's turd hand
Wow, that is really pathetic and in fact I was so
concerned that I just maybe jammed too much paper into my machine there
Anticipating the numbers that maybe I liked jammed it up although I know I didn't because it's it's sleeping. It's sleeping
So I printed out a story that I don't even want just to make sure that everything was kosher and copicetic
And it print out just fine, man.
No swetsky on this end.
Everything is working percolating right along.
Now when did you just recent it again?
Like about 85 minutes ago or what?
I don't want to stick to it.
Huh?
Two minutes ago.
Well, it sure a long time.
What?
You should be getting stuff by now.
Sleep.
Sleep.
There ain't nothing coming through on this end.
And we just got a piece of copy you will face to me a little while ago, 85 pages of it.
So we know that the faxes working just fine.
Yes, we can.
What's going on with your machine, man?
I think you've got a bad machine there on it end.
Did it say sending?
Yeah.
That's what you said the first time it said it was sending.
No, I didn't.
So the first time we had a problem.
I guess what?
You may be sending, but it ain't coming.
Nothing has happened on this end.
There is nothing zero zip.
But he do does zip-o coming from down there.
Nothing.
No pages, front pages, back pages, bent over pages would mark fully.
There ain't no pages here to like the public is on it.
Everybody who works in the business and everybody who owns a radio as usual.
They tune in right here.
Oh, there's ratings coming out.
You know, like they really care like Tom Jicca.
He's sitting there with it.
Yep.
Makes that little.
Yeah, just like that.
It's not beeping.
It's sleeping.
And I'm going to start freaking.
I'm going to need one votes on the pool.
I beg your pardon.
I guess we're having some issues over here.
Oh, geez.
Here we go again.
Every time you turn around, that's thinking place you got issues.
Well, it's in memory.
I guess it's just saying that the phone is busy or something.
The phone is busy?
It says phone is not available.
Well, guess what?
I just picked it up and it was the nice same.
That would be the night they're on.
Oh, you mean that phone?
Yeah, don't worry.
It's scanned though a bunch of times.
You'll probably get it like eight times.
Once the phone is in there.
Once the phone is available.
What the line clears up, you'll have to pick up.
Pick up is there is there a hand set on that phone.
I figure what it even looks like.
I don't think there is.
There's not?
No.
On a fax machine, there's no hand set.
So maybe you've done it.
We're like reset that machine where you pull out the thing
from the back.
I can do that.
Well, do that.
While I read a couple more very important stories here,
they're going to set everybody on their ass.
Let's see if maybe we can get the numbers on by 130.
How's that sound?
Oh, my God.
It's just never, ever ends in that place.
One more thing I'm thankful for.
Well, you want to know your 10-3?
What do you got, men?
You got the number?
Yeah, men 18 plus.
Yeah, and 4.5.
Woo!
Pretty weak.
Really bad.
What was it in the last turn?
4.6.
Oh, so it's about flat.
Yes, we stayed at number 5.
Oh, and that, of course, is what?
August of September and October.
August of September, October.
And of course, that's the men 18 plus.
So 25 54, we might still be okay,
even though we're dropping off that big month from July
with the 10 5, 25 54 men.
So that might be okay.
Now, what about the morning?
That's what every inquiry minds are worrying about.
And I do mean worrying, dropping off that big month
from July with the 10 5, 25 54 men.
So that might be okay.
Now, what about the morning?
That's what every inquiry minds are worrying about.
And I do mean worrying desperately, frantically,
since some people have families to feed.
Mornings, 2.3.
From 1.7.
Wow, we're doing it, baby.
Oh!
They had a radio, they had a 4.6.
Nice going, boys.
Oh!
I do like that.
On a kidney and bone morning show.
And it's so fantastic.
I think it's all that talk.
That's what does it in a gildy coming in on Wednesday?
Uh-huh.
Anyway, I'm sure that the,
are you still patching around with a machine?
Is he still doing all that?
I reset it.
And I still got nothing.
I'll try to send it again.
Try, try to be send it again one more time.
I don't think it's going to work.
And overall, we went from a 2.7 to a 3.0.
Oh, are we kicking some serious ass or what, huh?
18 to 12.
August, September and October from a 2.7 to a 3.
And what about afternoons?
You might as well tell me that afternoon,
3 to 7.
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah.
I'm looking at page one.
3.2 up from a 2.4.
Oh my goodness.
So every day part went up again, except us.
Yeah, you're, uh, you're blowing the big one, man.
We're in big trouble.
Well, you know, sometimes about time
that the other day parts started to pick up.
And what was it again?
3.2 and we had a water 4.6.
So we still beat everybody else hands down your pants.
Oh, that's not very good though.
What did you say we had a 4.6?
Well, that's cause that horrible August is still on there.
Let's see, eight four five actually, a four five 13.5.
So that means we had a four nine in the month of October.
Let's see, eight four five actually, a four five 13.5.
So that means we had a four nine in the month of October.
Not very good for nine.
But at least then they had a four six in the morning.
So we're consistent.
Now we can have like four something all day long.
That would be good.
Instead of us having to lift everybody up by their bootstraps
and carry the load to have these sexual contact with the child.
According to a statement from US Attorney Paul Perez,
there's still nothing coming over here, by the way.
He's gonna shoot it.
But we're trying it now.
If convicted, Maze faces a maximum of four years in prison.
He was released on a $100,000 bond and placed on home detention
with electronic monitoring prosecutor said
it wasn't immediately known if he had an attorney.
The girl was flying alone from Tampa to Detroit
on June 20th, prosecutor said
the flight had to stop over in Nashville.
Her grandparents contacted police at the Detroit airport.
The girl told police a man touched her inappropriately
during the flight to Nashville where the man just embarked.
The girl identified Maze from photos of passengers on the flight.
A telephone page to a Southwest folks and wasn't immediately returned.
I mean, you talk about stupid, you know, miss Foley.
That one was stupid.
Putting that stuff right there online on the Internet.
It's putting it right in print for the whole world.
Now, Slaipin doesn't say receiving page one
or a stickin' in where the moon don't shine.
Nothing.
Absolutely, positively, nothing happening from that end.
I think you may have to use it from fax machine.
You think that might do it?
I think that's where we're going soon.
Well, go do it, please.
Just go find one steal one.
Go downstairs to the credit union that used to be there
and see if there's a fax machine in that building.
Go break into a bank. Use their fax machine.
Only one in four Americans believe President Bush
is a better president than his father, George Herbert Walker Bush,
a new poll from CNN is found.
And those one in four need, you know,
not that the daddy was anything to write home about.
Six and ten said the elder Bush has served one term from 899 and 93
to the better job in office.
According to a poll conducted by opinion research,
corp, Trump presents that both were equally good or bad
and two presented no opinion.
The poll also found that 59% disapproval president Bush is handling
of his job, 38% of prove of it.
The polls release come two weeks after the election,
after it lost term of the House and the Senate and Friday through Sunday.
This last weekend also found that the economy and the federal deficit
three signature GOP issues.
Maybe that's why they voted for them.
I think that might make some sense.
But nevertheless, I still got nothing coming by the way.
And I don't think I'm going to have anything coming.
Wait out.
Maybe that's why they voted for them.
I think that might make some sense.
But nevertheless, I still got nothing coming by the way.
And I don't think I'm going to have anything coming.
Where did he go?
Did he go down to a public, down the street somewhere for a tax machine?
I'm going to try from the bullpen.
Oh, I'm getting bullshmit, not bullpen, bullshmit.
So that's a breath.
There's a nice sigh of relief.
I have one thing to say to you, okay?
Let's see.
Anything coming off my tax machine back here?
Nothing.
Zipity do nothing.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
On behalf of the transgendered log cabin Republicans of Florida,
I'd like to congratulate Charlie Christ on being our first gay governor.
He's not gay.
What do you mean not gay?
He's not because he says he's not.
Come on.
With that haircut in the camp camp,
you know that guy owns a pair of no-ass champs.
Well, because we dress this way,
doesn't give us license to judge others.
Yeah, you're right.
Highsino business.
Highsino business.
You're correct.
That's right.
Highsino business, even if you have to lie about it.
And by the way, you're looking lovely too.
Oh, you like it, really?
Yeah, it's very easy.
This is Grandberry Juice.
I rubbed on my cheek.
Very nice, yeah.
Yeah, make you look more like a woman.
Yes, Mark.
More like a woman.
Must be the lotion.
So about Charlie Christ.
Hey, there's that admirer I was telling you about.
Oh, that guy?
Yeah, look at this.
He drives a car.
Oh.
Yeah, he wants to meet us in the park and run.
That could mean a 10 or $20.
Yeah, let's go.
Which one is it?
It's the Brown 83 Corolla with the crack windshield.
Okay.
Yeah, wait.
That's my mouth look pretty.
Looks fine.
What do you say we kick up our heels and get on our knees?
Okay.
This method was paid for by panty full of nut.
Flavor that millionaires money can buy.
promo 2 at 560 WQM.
So it looks like things are looking up for Kenny and both.
Thank God for that.
In spite of those in sip it's port segments.
Are you getting the numbers?
Yes, I am.
Okay.
Praise the Lord.
You think about when I went out this is this from the bullpen?
Yes, it is.
Okay.
Which indicates again that as usual that the thing is craft out in your room right
there.
But then that's always the way it is.
Let's see Monday through Sunday the entire week many teen plus boy are we excited or
what here a QM were on the second page in men.
Then against many teen plus that includes all of them like I said even older than me even
older than Rick Shaw which is really old.
2.7 in the last summer book and now a 3.5 you already said that from a tie for 18th
to a tie for 12 or tie with life.
You know a man who listen to WL my life to life.
No.
Mornings now here's the big deal hot 105 is number one.
Let's see who's who's on first.
Hot 105 number one in overall in men.
Radio mom B so this is more your people Miguel.
That's why he's all whipped up about it is more supposed and shows baby.
Radio mom B number two all the Julios CM QFM number three radio on more number four anybody
speaking the glaze a key.
No.
Now let's go back to the morning again.
Hot 105 is number one moving.
They were number one last time but they're all a web to a 7.8 share.
What's so hot about that thing?
What are they playing?
Well they got that Tom joiners he's still on the morning the hardest working
Jack in the fly business.
He's got the hardest working fly.
I couldn't tell you either WS DJ FM up to no way up there had a 6.5 was number two in the
summer book now to a 7.2.
No speaking English in this latest month.
That's what this is all about.
Radio mom B number three with a 6.3.
Paul and Ron slipped one notch from number three number four 6.0 to a 5.7.
Radio on more is number five and then let's see IOD is flat.
See this is not a news talkie kind of month.
Radio Swave, Columbia no speaking glaze a key either 3.5 in a summer book down to a
2.5 from 7 to 13.
They took a drop and we made a nice in road there from one 7 from tied for 19th in
the summer to a 2.3 number 15.
I'm not not being number 15 is so great and of course your friends across the street the
ones that clearances all been out of shape of mind.
Let's see wins air America one 4 to one 6 not good.
And the guys across the street I think had a word of hell is it.
Are they even on the list here?
Where the hell is it?
Oh there they are right below us 2 2.
So we are our guys we beat out Joe Rose to 2 2 2 3 to a 2 2 it looks nice I knew though
Joe.
How do you like that huh?
Mace Joe Bell and Clarence looked like a couple of geniuses doesn't it huh?
No.
But the thing I'm thinking about you know the good news for this always thinking ahead
like I am is that when the entire fall book comes October November December they're going
to be dropping off those very weak August and the really horrendous September you know
what I'm saying?
What do you say?
I'm saying they got a shot baby they got a shot like Jimmy said we got a shot it
happened to me on the morning.
Now mid days here we got of course we're going to be dropping off that really bad August
2 in the next trend thank god for that.
Mid days CMQ FM is number one no speaking English up from a 6 1 to a 6.4 year radio
mambeo this is all such garbage from fourth up to number two with a 5 7 again that's
old Julio's baby old Julio's with green teeth in between playing dominoes they'll listen
to radio mambe.
Fidel is dead Morteo Morteo yeah Iod is a flat 5 O.
Q.A.M. 4.60 4.5 fifth in the summer fifth in this thing all of our cumin up our life
the listenership went down a little bit though 45 minutes not good you better start listening
a lot more I'm telling you that right now we're in trouble.
Let's see anybody else of interest on here you want to see those guys how about the
scare America which can't pay the payroll Husker America doing the mid days to wonder
with 2 point oh slight drop just like us 10th of a point no deal.
What about across the street one five up to a 1.7 I think they're starting to make some
real serious inroads that Sid Rosenberg seen crants there in the mid day or whoever they
got on now that the juice is gone isn't the juice gone yes yes the juice is gone and in
the afternoon three to seven let me staple these babies together I got my assembly line
going here of course let's see this is the first trend of the fall books it doesn't
really mean all that much it's one month three to seven radio on more continues to be
number one on one up again big is number two big one oh five point nine hot love radio
mom B from a two seven to a four to boy you talk about an old Julio month that must be
the only people they could find and maybe that's why we didn't do so great in October
you think those are the people that always get the books not like this they had a 2.7 they
were number 18 in the summer book radio mom B and in men 18 plus they're up to number
five tied for 50 to the 4.2 anybody by net it's really ridiculous radio rhythm one other
no speaking English from a 3.7 up to a 4.2 somebody please speak of the English my
god we got no shot now let's see where are we QM from a 2.4 from 19 tie to 3.2 now that
we got mad dog and a hump are back where they both belong not that that's a great number
you understand but again you know it includes a couple of really bad bad months bad months
that'll drop off this time goes on scare American the afternoon to 4.2 to 5 what about
the waxing the afternoon 1.9 to 2.2 oh oh they seem to like that 2.2 they got a 2.2 in
the morning and a 2.2 in the afternoon they just pass it around and look lovely and all
of them I wonder if Joel what's his name gets to word fine bird he only gets to word
certain times of day so that's basically it I mean we waited all this time once we're
all about angst for that I wonder all these other pages you send me all night time who
now cares about night time you're getting what that's it I hope that's the end not as
more common jesus god talk about wasting my fax paper chopping down all these maple trees
so that you can fax me all this crap and it better not come over 8 times I'll tell you
that I hope I'm going to be really peered and you're sending me the weekend Saturday
and Sunday I don't want to see that who now cares about the freaking weekends on this all
I know what you're worried about you're worried about that fishing show and about that auto
show but you're supervising is that what you're concerned about that's right well jam both
of them okay tell Erica Brandon have a great life what do we got at night what's it now what
do we got on at night this is you know we had some marlin baseball and we got a little
of panthers which ought to bring us way down to you one down to with two seven see I told
you once we make the transition from the marlins to the panthers at night it's like not
what I call really good you know what I'm saying sports court yeah like that okay I
there's still praises coming out of there I'm not too happy about that that's not more weekend
crap is it I don't know oh yeah it is I mean wouldn't you think that the cross the street would
have a big number on the weekend I don't know what they got because I threw it away it's on the floor
I can still look at it on the rabbit because the dolphins of course don't you think the dolphins
are going to put them way up there let me see they're not on that first page they're not on the
second page on the weekend where the hell are they they got the dolphins at the paint 87
dollars a year for that they're losing their ass on we got a one seven on the weekend from a one
six must be that fishing show nice going Eric let's see I'm looking for waxy seven I
either ticket and it says one point oh to a one point two from 25th to a tie for 24th that's
what I call real progress Joel those dolphins man it's worth four five million bucks isn't it
to go from time for 24th at number 25 all by yourself or whatever the hell they got they're doing it
okay don't send me anything else so we went through all of that for nothing at least it was
an exercise killed about 40 minutes anyway and I'm exhausted I feel like I just ran 20 miles
118 votes on our pool let's get back to the show shall we nobody cares about all these stupid
numbers from diaries from people on those bigot English that is really so so sad so very sad
when Neil rips religion I love it 529 43% plus out of 129 votes it's interesting 309 see I know
I'm a jealous thing and if you take the calls again you'd be back up to those nine and 10 shares
where do you know what I'm not going to do it okay is not what you're thinking no yeah that's
what you're thinking nobody wants to listen to some old fag on the year reading all these stupid
boring political stories and crap about the world's coming to win in and about political crap
is not what he's thinking Josh yes he is well too bad so you're thinking too
when Neil rips religion I love it 529 it's interesting 309 I turn the radio up to 50 see they're
turning it up way up up and away by the fifth dimension I bet you got that I hate this pool 64.9
percent every time I give the result of this that's up another tenth of a point just to aggravate
and agitate I turned it off 45 and I hated 26 5.7 percent who are deeply and bitterly offended and
I'm delighted that I'm accomplishing something anyway because I get rip in religion in the
decrying all the a murder and bloodshed going on in the world of the name of this god and that
god and all on all this other BS speak at a BS you know an auto action so we need traumatic
experience there's shock there's stress there's tourists it's something nobody wants to have
happened but when it does you have to have help answering all the questions that immediately go
racing through your mind what do I do now do I need medical treatment do I need an attorney
am I entitled to compensation so many questions and very often not any answers you need to be sure
you call the right number the first time we need help to get all the answers and that number is
toll free one triple eight crash 61 it's a free call there is absolutely absolutely no obligation
one eight eight it's your auto accident hotline one triple eight crash 61 it's toll free and there
is absolutely positively no obligation so get out of your questions eight eight eight crash 61
am I junior honey
okay
I believe that we have in my future if I keep carrying on this way if I said I'm sorry it was just
like I am so freaking high but it is easier than go to a meet good though they had a four
six in the morning we had a four nine a midday and a four six and the afternoon I extrapolated it
and that's the good consistent all the way through do you think that's fine excellent oh we're fine
time we started to have a little bit of a you know cooperation here and if we can get a lot more
those segments on there if we can get I were on like eight times a week and the fishing report
and the golf show I beg your pardon they'll leave you in the dust the good it's about time I'm getting
a little bit too old to carry everybody on my fat old back like I said before I'm starting to get
a little bit arthritic from it this is a six story about it did Josh leave now that we make you
want to vomit on August 21st 2006 my whole world ended for those of you who don't know my beautiful
wife Candace died just because he sold Robert Quiro's QYROZ Quiro's a Fresno California
Marine who was called back from a mission in a rack to be with a seriously ill wife who died
a complication during the birth of the couple's only son Roman Quiroz in the Fresno County jail charged
with a murder of the three month old infant bail has been set at a million dollars the infant
was taken into custody by child protective services in October after the doctor was treating him
for a broken arm notified police Roman was returned to his father just three days later with the
child abuse charges still under investigation the child then died of massive blunt force trauma
the couple also had a doiler a doiler a daughter Kylie 18 months old who appears to be unharmed
and now remains in child protective services custody what what is that what
he came home from a rack to be with a seriously ill wife who died a complication during the
birth of her only son and then he killed it alleged and that's the name of that too so he hurt
the baby and they gave it back to him no they did not give it back to him the child if you were
listening is in the custody of child protective services you idiot you hulio you you're just all
whipped up because all of them old hulio's got the diaries good god are those people ever going to
die or what never they're never going to die it's almost impossible can listen to radio mambi
bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap like that some some excuse for them okay
get with the program okay and stop at the same old bs it's going on for a zillion years now never
going to end the guys are strip and suffered massive human rights violations
Louise Arbor I wonder if he's going to al-arbor used to play for the leasing of black hawks
used to be the coach in Chicago Louise Arbor you unhigh commissioner for human rights travel
to the town of bait Hanun where Israeli artillery killed 18 members of a single family two weeks ago
is they slept in their house she said she would use a five day trip to the region to call on
Palestinian and Israeli leaders to stop further violence the violence were not the authors of
their own misfortune suffered the extent of what I see she be saying she met members of the
Atamna family who survived the attack and who showed her photographs of their dead relatives
even as she traveled through the town Israeli troops were operating another area of bait Hanun
tearing up fields from which militants launched crude rockets at Israel the Israeli military said
a fault in sartillery was responsible for the showing of the Atamna whatever the name is family
the incident came after a week long Israeli military operation in bait Hanun which itself left
more than 50 Palestinians among the many militants dead and which was intended to stop rocket
firing to Israel however militants continue to fire their kassam rockets into Israel mostly aimed
at the town of stereot where a woman was killed last week she was the first person to die for
make kassam rocket attack in more than a year adikos on they did this and they did that and it's the
same old tired crap and it goes right back to our poll question today the same old religious insanity
man the Arabs and the Jews and the Jews and the Arabs and the farbist and over here and the farbist
and across on the other side and they just want to kill each other that's all they hit each other
like poison kind of like me and clearance on ice job by the way clearance hell of a job
isn't he doing a heck of a job you find a guy a month there you go yeah you see he'll be going
around taking credit for this you see it's those great uh interviews that we got that's what
put us over the course they've had the same great interviews for how many months now for how many years
ira's been dragging this thing into the toilet for a long time now thanks a lot ira you quizzling
you squeaky voice goofball oh speaking squeaky voices I have such a great article here I may do the
break early really it's not that long was the CIA involved in Bobby Kennedy's assassination and
of course that movie is coming out tomorrow Bobby you're gonna go see it no no neither am I
by Shane Oslovin again in the British newspaper the guardian if you want to read the good stuff read
the uh out of the country like the um what's the other one just a bunch of profit 2006 I haven't seen
anything on TV I mean am I dreaming or is today the 41st anniversary of the assassination of John
Kennedy that's the first time I've ever seen anything like that I'm not sure if you're
well what do you mean that's what I say was November 22nd 1963 it's the 43rd anniversary like I said
yeah but 43 is the name significant number so oh I see so there's some other words
and I've even a mention it there's nobody in the media anywhere even mentioning it now wait seven
more years wait till we get to 50 seven more years you talking to me about that
the biggest talk about an aftermath challenge the day says Neil Rogers
for radio 560
praise I'm on my ass 12 30 at 560 wc we got Curtis Stevenson for the man dog into this afternoon
got that Panther game after the Humper Panthers in the lightning tonight any interest in that
no how about uh no go to a gamer case on June 5th 1968 Robert Kennedy wins the when 24
year old Palestinian Sirhan Sirhan Sirhan Sirhan is arrested as the lone assassin he
carries the motive in a shirt pocket of clipping about feet in front of Kennedy but the fatal bullet
is fired from one inch behind and more bullet holes are found in the pantry than Sirhan's gun can hold
suggesting a second gunman is involved Sirhan's notebook show a bizarre series of automatic writing
hours being led into a dark place by a girl who wanted coffee then being choked by an angry mob
the fence psychiatrist including he was in a trance at the time of the shooting and
leading psychiatrist suggests he may have been a hypnotically programmed assassin three years ago
I started writing a screenplay about the assassination of Robert Kennedy caught up on a strange
tale of second guns and manchurian candidates as the Indian Morales was a legendary figure in CIA
covert operations according to close associate Tom Clinds if your son Morales walking down the
street in the land American capital you knew a coup was about to happen when the subject of the
Kennedy's came up in a late night session with friends in 1973 Morales launched into a tirade
that finished I was in Dallas when we got the son of a bitch and I was in LA when we got the
little bastard from this line grew my odyssey into the spook world of the 60s and the secrets behind
the death of Bobby Kennedy working from a Cuban photograph of Morales from 1959 I viewed
news coverage of the assassination to see if I could spot the man the Cubans called El Gordo the fat
one 15 minutes in there he was standing at the back of the ballroom in the moments between the
end of the Kennedy speech and the shooting 30 minutes later there he was again casually floating
around the darkened ballroom while an associate with a pencil mustache took notes the source of
early research on Morales was Bradley Ayers a retired US Army captain who had been seconded to
J.M. Wave the CIA's Mime based 1963 to work closely with chief of operations Morales on training
Cuban exiles to run sabotage raids on Castro I tracked Ayers down to a small town in Wisconsin
and emailed him stills a Morales and another guy found suspicious a man who's pictured entering
the ballroom from the direction of the pantry moments after the shooting clutching a small container
to his body and being waived toward nexted by a Latin associate Ayers response was instant
he was 95% sure that the first figure was Morales and equally sure that the other man was Gordon
Campbell who worked alongside Morales at J.M. Wave in 63 and was Ayers case officer shortly before
for the assassination of JFK I put my script aside and flew to the US to interview key witnesses
for a documentary on the unfolding story in person Ayers positively identified Morales and
Campbell and introduced me to David Rayburn a freelance operative who was part of the Bay of
Pigs invasion force in 61 and was at the ambassador hotel that night he didn't know Morales and
Campbell by name but saw them talking to each other in lobby before the shooting and assumed
they were Kennedy security people he also saw Campbell around police station three or four times
in the year before Robert Kennedy was shot this was odd the CIA had no domestic jurisdiction
and Morales was stationed in Laos in 68 with no secret service protection for presidential candidates
in those days Kennedy was guarded by unarmed Olympic decatly champion Rayford Johnson and football
tactfully Rosie Greer no match for an expert assassination team trawling through microfilm of the
police investigation I found further photographs of Campbell with a third figure standing center
stage in the ambassador hotel hours before the shooting he looked Greek and I suspect that he might
be George Joanneedys chief of psychological warfare operations at J.M. Wave.
Joanneedys was called out of retirement in 1978 to act as the CIA liaison of the House of
committee on assassinations investing the death of JFK. Ed Lopez now respected lawyer at
Cornell University came into close contact with Joanne this when he was a young lost student
working for the committee we visited him and show him the photograph he's 99 persera sure it's
Joanneedys when I tell him where it was taken he's not surprised if these guys decided you were bad
they acted on he said we moved to Washington to meet Wayne Smith a state department official for 25
years who knew Morales well at the west embassy in Havana 1959 and 60 when we show him the video in
the ballroom his response is instant that's him that's Morales he remembers Morales at a cocktail
party in Buenos Aires in 75 saying Kennedy got what was coming to him is there a benign explanation
for his presence for Kennedy security maybe Smith laughs Morales is the last person who'd want to
protect Bobby Kennedy he says he hated the Kennedy's blaming their lack of air support for the failed
Bay of Priggs invasion in 61 we meet clients in a hotel room near CIA headquarters he doesn't want
to go on camera and brings a friend which is a little unnerving clients remember's Dave fondly
the guy in the video looks like Morales but it isn't him he says the guy is fatter and Morales
walked with more of a slouch and his tie down to meet the guy in the video does walk with a slouch
and his tie is down clients as he knew Joanneedys and Campbell it's not them either but he found
their memories he has bringing snakes in a jay and waved to scare the secretaries and seems
disturbed at Smith's identification of Morales he doesn't discourage our investigation and suggest
others who might be able to help a seasoned journalist caution said he would expect clients to blow
smoke and it seems his on doesn't discourage our investigation and suggest others who might be
able to help a seasoned journalist caution said he would expect clients to blow smoke and it
seems his honest option as we leave out a I tell the immigration officer that I'm doing a story
on Bobby Kennedy she has seen the ads for the new immediate west of as movie about the assassination
Bobby what do you think I need to explain what they were doing there low peas believes the
CIA should call in and if you everybody who knew them disclose whether they want a CIA
operation and if not why they were there that night today meaning let's see a Monday Monday
would have been Rob Bobby Kennedy's 81st birthday the world is crying out for a compassionate leader
like him if dark forces were behind his elimination it needs to be investigated which I would say
absolutely correct sir but of course it won't be because it's always the convenient
low-ass ass in the three Harvey Oswald at surhan surhan et cetera and so on isn't that correct
that's what they say from 163 votes on the pool when you'll rips religion I love it 549 it's
interesting 317 I turned the radio up to 59 I hate this pool 64 see now we're up to 46 and I hate it
28 well I tell you one thing it's a damn good thing they had a really solid number there
4 6 I mean I think I think that message what we had back in whenever and that's many team
plus meant 2554 see the young punks from my 100 they came over listen to a Kenny and you
can just imagine if they were doing like a real morning show instead of the they could probably
do like sevens and eights you follow what we're saying I do if we didn't have all those sports
segments in there but then again that's just you know that's just the the George factor the
anti sports factor and like both campuses were the anti sports crowd you just keep putting
an eye on air baby and every now and then like what's his name there were the herbicide
Whitman Long Street Henry was with Longfellow whatever his name that's it the Longfellow I
tell you one thing if they keep telling stories about that kid of Michigan State being better
than Brady Quinn I'm shutting the thing off the biggest name so I'm turning now I'm
going to this is neo-Rodgers sports radio 560 Q a f my dance and want to
kill noones performs
this is oh jeez
are going to what the hell Irew metal track I believe
in the high what things will be something to live on
It's a 1244 or 16 to 1 or 560 WDQM.
We're going to start on Monday having a whole bunch of sports segments on, man.
You could do it.
Turn this whole thing around.
Because you'll notice that we're not like connecting anymore with the, uh, maybe we
are.
Maybe we just got that audience and that's all we got.
One minute to start, uh, bookings of guests for you.
Yeah, start bookings of guests for Monday, okay?
I'd like to have Duffy Doherty on.
We can talk about the old days, two yards in a cloud of dust in Michigan State.
And then we can have Arch-Swarman from the, uh, Michigan State basketball team from 1961.
He used to look good back then.
Of course now he's a doddering old man.
Then we can have Brady Quinn on for about an hour and a half.
Either that or I think we're going to start taking a lot of calls right as in right now.
Everything that's a good idea.
I'm sure Miguel does.
Well, not right now.
Well, what do you mean we're not right now?
Why not?
Here's one right here.
Q.A.M.
See?
Well, not right now.
Well, what do you mean we're not right now?
Why not?
Here's one right here.
Q.A.M.
See?
Oh, there's one.
Oh, don't do that one.
You know, I'm not doing that one.
I already know what that one's going to be.
Yes.
Pro 170 nine votes on the pool.
I'll tell you one thing.
If that's the barometer, how we're doing, man, we are kicking some stuff.
That's the market for something like that.
Kill that crap.
Why did you punch that up and hide it?
No, you dropped it.
Oh.
See, this thing isn't connected.
It's not hooked up.
One moment, please.
I would be, sir.
Are you with me?
I'm with you, sir.
One moment.
What a holiday treat this is.
Is it really so you can hear yourself on the radio?
I would agree with that.
No, just be able to speak to you and thank you again for all years.
I will always appreciate you.
Well, thank you so much.
And I'm glad you're doing well up there.
I don't know what the numbers are, but as far as I'm concerned, you can wipe your behind with it.
In the English-speaking community, you are the pulse of this town, okay?
I'm the pulse.
That's why the community is on the verge.
Get the oxygen out.
Okay.
I have a great thanksgiving, pal.
I'll see this thing working.
I don't know, because I punched it up in the arrow and it came on.
It's like maybe delayed reaction or something.
Maybe because I haven't used it so long.
You know, well, you don't use it for a long time.
It just kind of like stays there limp.
You know, a little dusty.
Yeah, a little, a little musty and old.
WQA and hello.
Yale.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Excellent.
How's everything going over there?
Great.
Let me say it again.
Excellent.
Experiment?
Experiment, yeah.
Excellent.
How's everything going over there?
Great.
Let me say it again.
Excellent.
Experiment?
Experiment, yeah.
Oh, same old crap.
Same old crap is right.
You had the word for it.
Well, there's a button.
Now let me reach over and trace.
He's nursing his injury.
His bad knee.
Or whatever he's got.
282 votes on the pool on the day before Thanksgiving.
I think we're doing just fine.
You see the way that those phones were smoking there for a minute or two.
You see, you know, the one guy kissed my ass.
And the other guy said something about crap.
And then whatever the other one was.
That was great.
Just stay away from line nine.
I think we'll be good.
Hey.
After nine months of investigation and still no arrest, the parents of Martin Leanderson
accused Governor, fat ass governor, Jeb Bush and the Tampa State Attorney's Office this
week of covering up when months ago, rather, when he told him he would demand that the case
was resolved before he left office in January.
He could have done more than he could have done more than what he's doing.
A lot more said Jones, who's 14-year-old son died January 6th after being punched,
neat and suffocated with ammonia capsules by guards.
The incident was captured on videotape.
He said, in Anderson's death, however, no one's been fired, no one's been transferred,
no one's been arrested.
She said.
And she's got an excellent point.
But then again, your fat ass governor don't share.
He was too whipped about Terry and her because he was doing his fake religious craft speaking
about our poll today.
His suit a religious garbage with his dysfunctional, freaking family.
But he still might be popular and I'll guarantee him that if the law permitted him to run
for another term, he would win hands down your pants.
Am I right about that?
You bet.
Yes.
1295 votes.
You understand that by 1300 military time, we're going to have 13 hundred votes.
We got 1295.
I'm the day before Thanksgiving.
Something for us to be extra thankful for.
And the audience can be really thankful that we took some calls today.
And I thought it was rather painless, didn't you?
Yeah.
Not too bad.
Oh, this place.
It just amazes the hell out of me, these people.
They could be running like a Chinese laundry.
And would it be the same thing?
That's how much they have to do with radio.
But nevertheless, those checks keep coming.
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if there's a big fat one on Friday in the mail.
Because Friday will be paid since the 25th is on Saturday.
And since tomorrow's the holiday, you can be damn sure that our crack accounting staff
in between doing it.
Yeah, that'd be good.
I didn't say to whom I just said I better send out some money.
Oh, I'll take care of you.
You're saying it's not like 40 or 50.
It's not an even year.
But every year, since then, they've at least made some notice about it.
You know, now we're just supposed to forget that somebody might notice that.
No.
We're too busy worried about bombing off my knee and jaw.
None of them is foolproof.
But we're always better off when we build higher levels of security.
He, here it is.
Charlie Wrangle and Tom Jefferson agree on a national service program.
Tom Hartman put it in free on our MySpace page here with his little picture in a whole
song of dance.
Very nice.
How do you like that, Tom Hartman's listen to our show and heard me reading one of his articles
on the air and like, come in and me highly.
I thought maybe he'd be bitching me out.
Nice.
How do you like that, Tom Hartman's listen to our show and heard me reading one of his articles
on the air and like, come in and me highly.
I thought maybe he'd be bitching me out.
Why would you do that?
Which I didn't have to mention that he's on the air, America.
See, I don't, I don't want to those people.
It's all panicky about, oh, gee, man.
Cow is on now.
Big, big stowies and they're dominoes games and it was an audio mom being all out of their
swill.
No speaking language.
I got on there.
Exactly.
Whatever that crap is.
So that's why when we get to the 25 54.
Well, I've said it's a good thing it's a WW.
I'm going to find me a good machine to send.
That's right.
My premonition was I knew some heavy duty crap.
1390 votes on the poll.
It's not even one o'clock yet.
1256 for those who are keeping track.
Well isn't it nice that the Kenyan Bullhead had that good month because I know you guys
are really rooting for him very hard.
Absolutely.
Yes.
I am ready for that.
I am too.
Even though the audience is going to say, oh no, you're talking, you keep saying it's a
sport.
Well, it is.
They'd be doing, you know, they're doing just fine.
I'm going to know I'm going to butt out.
And at least they got a number and they were a really good one, which is up from a one,
two eight, one, four, no nine, a four, six, and October.
That is really rock solid.
Good going boys.
I need all you guys to do good.
For one to do our.
Yeah.
Cow, two, two, three.
I'm not skill.
Come on down.
You next contestant on the process.
Oh my god.
I am so excited, Aussie.
Oh no, this guy miss Coppango.
He's taking it.
He's been there to fall down the ****ing wall of NATO's and hey, did you like it?
Any?
I don't really want.
I always love that Aussie.
You know, he ain't no Bob Barker, but then again, thank God for the good bleeps in that
bit though, you know what?
That's right.
13 11 on the pool, man.
We could get to 14 by two o'clock and then we'll feel like that will have something to
be thankful for on Thanksgiving day.
We get to 1400.
When you feel like reading, we got a feather in our cramp.
I like, uh, Aussie would say.
Sure.
I saw the tabloids which I didn't buy them because I'm getting too cheap in my old age.
I saw it earlier than it.
Huh?
No more inquire for you.
I'm going to argue them, but the Bob Barker is, you know, well, whatever.
When you get to be 110 like Bob is you know, we're getting ready for a long nap of the dirt
variety.
103 at 560 W.Q.M.
Don't forget Curtis from Ad Dog or two.
We don't want to like overdo it.
Our cottage officers were justified in returning.
Neighbors and relatives said it was a case of mistaken identity, but police said the woman
identified as Catherine Johnston was the only resident in the house at the time and lived
there for about 17 years.
Assistant Chief Alan Dreyer said the officers had a legal warrant and knocked and announced
before they forced open the door.
He said they were justified in shooting once they were fired upon.
As the plane closed Atlanta police officers approached the house about 7 p.m. Monday,
workmen and a woman inside started shooting and shooting once they were fired upon.
As the plane closed Atlanta police officers approached the house about 7 p.m. Monday, workmen
and a woman inside started shooting, striking each of them, said officer Joe Cobb in police
spokesman and again no relation to Eddie Cobb.
Ty Cobb or Jackie Cobb or Ty Cobb or Coronama.
Joe Cobb especially.
One was hit in the arm and another in the thine and a third in the shoulder.
The officers were taken to hospital for treatment.
All three conscious and alert.
Sarah Dozier identified as a niece of the woman told W.A.G.A. TV in Atlanta that there
were never any drugs at the house.
My aunt was in good health.
I'm sure she panicked when they kicked down that door.
There was no reason they had to go in there and shoot it out like a dog, she said.
Well, who do I want to shoot a dog anyway?
Why do people always use that expression?
There are a lot of stupid expressions.
They shot her like a dog.
Well, what the hell does that mean?
Or they treated her like a dog, you know?
Maybe they're from China.
Is that what it is?
I don't know what the hell the deal is with like that.
Because I think dogs ought to be treated pretty well.
They're pretty good to us most of them except the really nasty mean ones like the one you
got.
What do you mean?
Didn't you say you got a pit bull or something like that?
Well, it's my brother's dog.
I lived with it.
I have another dog now.
I bought it.
Yeah, but a Bessengi.
You know what those are?
Oh, yeah.
They're cute.
What are dogs?
Oh, not that.
Like 30 pounds.
How much?
30, man.
Wow.
Must be a getting chubby just like you.
Robert Scheer writes in the shadow of Ho Chi Minh.
I think money I'm going to like all calls.
I'm going to do just the opposite.
I'm not going to read any stories.
How does that strike pile of calls?
A pile.
No, I said what I'll do on Friday.
Because tomorrow we got the all the way.
I shouldn't tip my hand on this because we got the poll for tomorrow already up there
and I'll set to go and thanks whoever sent it in as a good one because the N word is
a back again.
You know, the N word is back in the news again.
But on Friday, maybe we'll take a poll about the calls.
I really never thought I would let the audience influence what I and I probably still won't
anyway.
I'll do whatever the hell I want to do.
I'll sleep on it.
I'll think about it.
I'll car get a.
Robert Scheer writes in the shadow of Ho Chi Minh.
President Bush has said many dumb things are defensive as a rack policy.
Setting the Vietnam more is a model.
However, it's perhaps his most ludicrous yet.
This past week, from the president sitting before a bust of the victorious Ho Chi Minh in Vietnam,
seemingly unaware that the West lost its war with a communist-led country.
Having long and vehemently denied parallels between the invasions of Vietnam and Iraq,
he nevertheless admitted now to seeing one.
Yes, Bush said one lesson is that we tend to want to be there, that want there to be
instant success in the world.
And the task in Iraq is just going to take a long period of time for the ideology that
is hopeful and that's an ideology of freedom to overcome an ideology of hate.
Well, succeed unless we quit.
Whatever any of that all means.
Bush seems not to have noticed that we succeeded in Vietnam precisely because we did quit the
military occupation of that nation, permitting an ideology of freedom to overcome what
of hate.
Bush's rhetoric is frighteningly reminiscent of Richard Nixon's escalation in expansion
to Vietnam more in an attempt to buy an honorable exit with the blood of millions of Southeast
Asians and thousands of American soldiers.
In the end, a decade of it or fighting did not prevent an ignominious U.S. departure
from Saigon.
Now however, Vietnam is at peace with its neighbors and poses no security threat to the U.S.,
many of the both people have returned as investors and successive American presidents have made
visits to the second fastest growing economy in Asia.
While Vietnam is still run by its Communist Party, eventually post-war leaders on both sides
have accepted that peace is practical.
The lesson of Vietnam is not to get to meet nationalist resolve.
Hundreds of thousands of troops, massive defoliation of the countryside, free fire zone,
South Vietnamese allies bombing the harbors, none of it worked.
Yet never admitting that our blundering military presence fueled the native nationalist
militancy we supposedly sought to eradicate three U.S. presidents, two of them Democrats,
lied themselves into believing victory was around some mythical corner.
While difficult for Confederate hawks to admit the victory for normalcy in Vietnam celebrated
by Bush last week, came about not to spite the U.S. with their all but because of it.
Iraq and Vietnam are not the same country, yet both have long experience with imperial
meddling and fiercely resisted.
Bush has said Iraq is in many ways religious in nature, and I don't see the parallels
to Vietnam, but that's just another sign that he proudly cut most of his history classes
at Yale.
He and apparently the mass media as well seems to have forgotten that the U.S. tried to stoke
a religious war in Vietnam by intervening to install a Roman Catholic exile and power in this
primarily Buddhist country.
The struggle to overthrow the U.S. puppet dictator No Dindyem began with Buddhist monks emulating
themselves on the streets of Saigon.
To be sure they're followed in a decade of constant talk about bringing democracy to the country
we'd occupy.
At least Chalibi is still alive to complain as he did the New York Times this month that the
Americans sold us out, and he don't have wooden teeth, by the way.
But the final collapse of our puppet regime in Vietnam did not produce the domino effect
of other nations surrendering to communism any more than U.S. withdrawal from Iraq will
inevitably lead to the spread of terrorism.
This is why the wiser voices in the Bush-Dynastic Circle, daddy Bush's cleanup crew led by James
Baker, are calling for involving Syria and Iran in the effort to stabilize Iraq.
Iran is host to a summit with Iraq and other nations in the area while on Monday Syria
and Iraq resumed long-broken diplomatic relations.
The lesson of the Vietnam debacle is that yesterday's enemy is more likely to become today's
 wouldn't you say?
Just like the Arabs in the Israelis, man, if they want to kill each other, Kassahoyce,
you know, have a great time.
We'll send you a Pakyat Islamic sandwich.
Kosher.
Just like the Arabs in the Israelis, man, if they want to kill each other, Kassahoyce,
you know, have a great time.
We'll send you a Pakyat Islamic sandwich.
Kosher.
Unri.
Fala'a halal.
13 and 18 votes.
I bet you both of you, they'll see these guys are going to stay to shock right now because
what I said about the calls.
I really am.
I did.
We apologize.
No, it's just that what are we going to do about it?
You know, the thing keeps cutting out.
We're going to have to talk to engineering, Eric called earlier and say that there's a
problem.
Oh, really?
How can we even tell me that?
It must have slipped my mind.
Oh, yeah.
129 dropouts.
That means that like every other word, I think it sounds like sabotage and the B4 Thanksgiving.
Wouldn't surprise me knowing that engineering department.
No, probably Clarence is in there.
He's probably got his finger in it.
He's got one finger in the equipment and the other in his...
Correct.
I'm sure of that.
Heck of a job, dear Clarence, man, you are really doing it.
I'm sure he's in there with Joe right now saying, don't listen to that old Faggy.
He doesn't know anything about sports.
Right.
What I have forgotten about sports, you could make an encyclopedia about it.
If I ever remembered it, I'd be really dangerous.
See, to me, sports is like fun.
You know what's the diversion?
And say there's perversion and there's diversion.
It's a diversion.
You know, it's fun and watch a ballgame.
I like my football on Sunday.
I like my hockey every now and then.
I would be surprised if we got hockey games on a year right now, you know?
It's important.
You know, if you're watching a Capitol fan...
See, right there.
If you're watching a Capitol fan, good luck to you.
That's all I would say.
If you're watching a Capitol fan, look, you choose a mental health.
But there you go, little sports.
In fact, maybe what we'll do instead of taking calls on Monday, we'll start doing a sports show.
The biggest name of the best talent is this Neil Rogers sports radio 560.
U-A-L.
I just pray to quit.
I like to shave my legs, arms and buns while listening to the Neil Rogers one to two hours.
I'm the biggest of all kinds of sports.
I like to shave my legs.
I like to shave my legs.
I like to shave my legs.
I like to shave my legs.
I like to shave my legs.
I like to shave my legs.
I like to shave my legs.
I like to shave my legs.
I like to shave my legs.
I like to shave my legs.
I like to shave my legs.
I like to shave my legs.
I like to shave my legs.
I like to shave my legs.
I like to shave my legs.
I like to shave my legs.
I like to shave my legs.
I like to shave my legs.
I like to shave my legs.
I like to shave my legs.
He ended up what doesn't mean?
The butter's too English and I'm all.
That's the cornered deli.
Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan.
Speak English, melee.
Or you can go back to the L.A.
I'm all right.
I came here many years ago.
Learn my ABC.
I don't say much is grossiest.
I say pretty much.
So get yourself to a classroom quick here in America now.
Stop making mistakes.
You know, but I speak English.
Let's begin English.
I keep, baby.
That's our photo for you.
And of course, more and more,
every one of these we got the Colombian station.
I know pretty soon we'll have the Mexican station
and the Bolivian station and the Periguan station.
And then although they will get the books,
and they'll have numbers.
They get all the reason, of course, that they put us down.
No chance.
Especially them old domino playing Julios,
like Miguel's relatives.
Yeah, they don't like you.
Too bad.
Hubman Drared.
118 at 5.60 WQM.
I'm going to do whatever I feel like doing.
In other words, when I come in on Monday morning
and do the show, I'll do whatever I feel like.
Whatever the mood strikes me, you know.
In other words, after 100 years of doing this in this market,
I got something to prove.
Did you follow what I'm saying?
All right.
Follow.
Good.
Then screw them.
It's big enough screw them.
They lay this proposed site for a new Florida Marlins baseball park.
Oh, boy.
Has drawn praise from some unscriptorcism from others,
but no pledges of new money to fund construction.
Talk about a pipe dream, man.
Putting your pipe in smoke.
Putting your bong and sticking your cue.
Or in your rectum.
And smoking.
Like in that movie that we all saw, that was so good.
You know, I didn't realize it, but I actually recorded that.
What?
Hostel?
Hostel.
I recorded it because I never thought it was on real late.
Well, now you can watch it again.
I did watch parts of it again.
See, it was a...
Huh?
You were semi-bashing it, but you like it?
Yeah, it was okay.
It had its moments.
Did I say that I regretted watching it?
That it was a piece of crap?
I just said it was like really blood and guts, and it wasn't really well done.
It wasn't well thought out.
It could have been developed a lot more, but nevertheless.
I'm sure George must have seen it, wouldn't it?
Because it was about...
Yeah, he saw it.
Yeah.
What did he think?
I do believe he did not like it if I remember correctly.
Really?
Well, mark that down on your wrist.
We'll discuss that with George on Monday and between phone calls.
Some of the day's top officials are optimistic that a new downtown stadium site could play.
In fact, we'll talk to us in movie critics, books in movie critics.
I mean, in fact, get what's his name?
The one that died.
The one that we liked.
The first.
No, Iber didn't die, unfortunately.
Some of the day's top officials are optimistic that a new downtown stadium site could plant
the marlins in the heart of the city, but financing its construction remains a major hurdle.
Just north of the Stephen P. Clark Center, the nine acre site will give baseball fans easy access to resisting parking lots, commuter rail, and I-95.
And it's also just blocks from two other top entertainment destinations, the American Airlines Arena and the Carnival Center for performing parts.
134 dropouts on it.
We apologize profusely, anybody tri-listened online in semis?
Nothing we can do about it.
Well, we got the engineering working on it.
Are they working on it?
No.
No.
What did I tell you?
We really think this can work so County manager George Verges, but even as details emerge yesterday, some County commissioners said the site is too small,
and they're worried of moving a juvenile courthouse plant for the same spot.
It's kind of like stew barns in the panthers.
He's too small.
That's what the spokesman said.
I thought I'd have put a cat.
More over, no one involved in the deal, including the team, the County and the city of Miami committed to chip in more money to close a funding gap of $90 million or more.
I think Joe Fienberg will put up that money, and then he can have the Amarlin broadcast.
Now, the good idea?
It's premature for any of us to be talking about numbers said, Miami may have many DS, and if it's only a $90 million shortfall,
and if the County manager may have the money, the County manager may have the money to pay the bill.
When you think?
Probably print that up in one day.
The Marlins leased it off and the stadium runs through 2010, and which point the team wants to move to a new retractable roof stadium.
And we want to have a million dollars in our backyard too in small bills, but that's not going to happen, is it?
No.
The club hasn't ruled out relocation, but has not pursued it since talks with San Antonio and in May.
They're going to San Antonio, like I'm going to Copenhagen in about five minutes.
They do have a lot of 7-elevens in Copenhagen though, with some real good pizza.
And some real hot people working behind the counter by that.
A team spokesman to kind of discuss the news site.
We continue to look at all our options in South Florida.
And this is just one of them said, PJ Loyello, senior vice president for communications and broadcasting for the Marlins.
Is that Loyello or Loyello?
Loyello.
You know who that is?
Yes.
And what we got to do with him, oh, that's right, we must have something to do with him because he's with the Marlins and we carry the Marlins games on this station much at our expense.
And we lose our ass on him and we're really pissed off about it.
County government has offered previously to spend 120 million for a new stadium, and the team was willing to spend about 210 million that was still far short.
Way short of the estimated cost projected at 420 million earlier this year, and likely going up his construction cost increased.
Me or Diaz, however, hinted that his government may be willing to help and offer that many thought had died late last year.
He has said he always loved the idea of an urban site.
Thought then there we go on a go downtown to see the Marlins?
No.
Downtown Mining?
We've never left the table to spy what many have said Diaz said yesterday majorly baseball is always known that.
Local leaders hope to coach the state legislature and providing some cash.
Previous efforts have failed, but South Floridaians are playing more powerful roles in telehassy next year.
Other sites are still being discussed including one year i75 in high alia.
Oh God, do we want to go to high alia?
Oh boy.
And another just out of the Miami arena.
Oh yeah.
Probably right next to where the committal house used to be.
But both however, require purchasing some privately held land which would drive up the cost of the overall project.
At the new downtown site all the land is government owned mostly owned by the county with a small piece held by the city.
The city's got a small piece.
In fact, if you ask me the city of Miami is a piece.
Both Metro Mover and Metro Rail stop at the Clark Center connecting these sites and neighborhoods from day land to high alia.
And Berger said the ballpark would be served by numerous parking lots, restaurants and stores that are otherwise empty out when the business day ends.
It's an urban ballpark which generally has been successful for majorly baseball's perspective Berger said.
But it's smaller than Dolphin Stadium.
County Commissioner Jose Martinez.
Joe Martinez described as very, very tight, probably just like his.
Back home.
Ask.
I'm not told on the location he said that I was exciting on the computer, but when I saw it in person I wasn't that excited.
Go get him excited Jose.
I'll Miguel.
I'll try.
Joe Martinez.
Everybody in the day counted the name is in a Z.
Is it in my right or what?
Martinez, the is.
And half of the people in Rodriguez.
Half of the people in Broward now.
That's why nobody speak in English.
The plan will also be quite closing a child care center, attempts to the Clark Center and closing a rerouting one or two roads.
Anaco's on, but a beat, but more pipe dreams, baby.
Let us know when you got the when the shovel is in the ground.
Okay, I mean you can get a shovel out for this stuff right now, but what they're shoveling is a little bit different story.
Don't tell us no one will stick the first shovel full of dirt in there to start building this stadium.
Are you holding your breath?
No.
We love the Marlins and of course there's no interest there either.
You know, this is a community where we have a bunch of people trying desperately to prove that hey, we're major league, baby.
We got all four professional sports major league, right?
By the way, when is that American pardon?
Got the NBA chance.
Yeah, they're really kicking ass.
And we got the hurricane.
We got the hurricane.
We're going to lose their seventh game in the season market against Boston College.
We got that game right here on Thanksgiving Day on QM.
I guess we'd better give the schedule for tomorrow since we're not going to be here.
We got nobody working tomorrow and that's that says it should be.
I mean the idea that anybody should have to work on Thanksgiving.
Yeah, I guess what?
What?
I have to work tomorrow.
You do doing what?
I have to be at the game.
And working the hurricane game?
Yeah.
Doing what?
Giving up condolence cards?
We're out there broadcasting live with the crying towel.
Let's have some QM crying towels.
So we can hear from some of them, Hurricane fan.
We lose all our game.
Too bad.
We got ESPN radio on 5 a.m.
In fact, we got an all night from 2 in the morning till 8 in the morning.
In other words, we give up.
Isn't that what that means?
Yeah, we're waving the flag.
8 to 10 tomorrow morning.
It's Dolphins Monday replay, which I have no idea what that is.
How do we have Monday replay?
Who's on that?
Dolphins Monday.
So whatever was on Monday during Kenny and Beau.
Yeah, that's Kenny and Beau with Lamar Thomas and T-Bock.
That's Dolphins Monday.
10 o'clock we got the real pre-game show, 1230.
Then 1230 to 330.
We got the ESPN radio, because obviously the game is on which we don't have.
Then we got the real post-game show with the big rock solid.
Oh, after the game finally ends.
Then we got Hurricane Game Day at 430.
Now we're really talking, man.
It gets really gaming.
Yep.
Live from the Orange Bowl.
Kane's in the Boston College at 730 tomorrow night.
5 and 7, man.
As Larry Cotec coaches his last game.
Now he's the word coaches very loosely with the Hurricane's.
And Hurricane's extra-pointed 11 o'clock tomorrow night.
And then we go to ESPN radio again overnight.
Thank God for ESPN radio.
The biggest name, sub-best talent to the fastest.
There's a lot of good talent, baby.
4th radio, 560.
SUAM.
Run!
First, Fox brought you the classiest TV show of the year.
O.J. Simpson, if I did it, here's how it happened.
So then I stabbed her over and over again while I screamed,
ah, f**k, ah!
If I can't have you, nobody can.
I mean, that's how I would have done it.
Now, Fox follows up that triumph with another significant revealing portrait.
If I did it, here's how it happened.
It's all extra-chainty.
How would you do it?
It was easy.
I would pretend, oh, you're going to love this.
I would pretend I was just shooting at Quail.
And then I would blow that lawyer's face right off.
You owed me money, you know.
Oh, sure.
I meant, how did you start the war in Iraq?
Oh, well, I killed the president.
I thought you can't finish what your daddy started.
What are you?
A mommy's boy?
Oh, by the way, here's some fake weapons of mass destruction evidence.
I mean, that's how I would have done it.
Dick Chaity, if I did it, here's how it happened.
That's only on Fox.
We'll run anything.
132 at 560 WQ, I'm happy Thanksgiving, everybody.
We hope you don't overeat tomorrow on Staleye.
You'll ever believe what I...
Well, I already played one of them waiting here this.
This is British Quinn.
Whenever I shave my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
How do you like that?
OK.
Oh, you got it?
Oh, you got it?
Oh, I'm standing.
1350-2 volts.
That shows you what a real fag I am.
And the fact that I could ever root for Notre Dame just makes me want to vomit.
It's embarrassing, you know what?
Do you believe me that it's embarrassing?
No, I don't care.
When Neil rips religion, I love it.
592, 43.7% love it.
And the religion too.
It's interesting, 332.
I don't even know what that means.
It's interesting.
Do you know what that means?
I mean, I put it on there, but I don't know what it means.
You have an interesting point of view.
No.
I turn the radio up to 176.
Just to annoy all my far-bison friends out there, all those geckys who are sitting there with their
rivals and rubbing their rosary beads and their mazosis and their whatever.
Their crucifixises.
I hate this pool.
5%.
See, it went up another tenth of a point.
Good thing we're not on till midnight.
68 said, I hate this pool today.
I turn it off when Neil talks religion.
When he rips it 50, and I hate it 34, I hate it.
So that's like, oh, up to 6.1%.
Too bad.
Anybody out there think some change in that tune, man.
You are dreaming.
You're living in a fantasy world.
And of course, if you believe the religious craft,
you're definitely already living in a fantasy world.
Am I right about that?
Yes.
Yes.
You're going to like this, sir.
Maybe you won't pay any attention to it any more than the other ones.
But it's about my new hero.
Maybe you don't like him, and I'm not talking about Brady Quinn.
Senator Barack Obama.
Why wouldn't I like him?
I don't know.
Do you like him?
I think he's just fine.
No.
When Senator Barack Obama slipped into Senator Robert Verge's capital off his one day last year,
he was seeking counsel from an elder who had been in the Senate since before Obama was born.
Senators these days, bird cautioning Illinois Democrat, become fixated on the White House.
I remember the advice Obama said matter of factly in the interview with the Associated Press last week.
The importance of Senators staying in the Senate.
Obama's been in the Senate less than two years.
Now he's thinking you're running for president.
For sum sure, in a country of 300 million people, he said, but laugh, there's a certain degree of audacity required for anybody to say,
I'm the best person to leave this country.
He's not saying that yet, but plenty of people want him to and he probably will make up his mind in the next few weeks.
It's hard to fathom Obama's meteoric rise in politics.
Three years ago he was little known, a black state senator with an interesting family history, and impressive academic credentials.
Now Paul show him as the top alternative to Senator swillery Rodham Clinton in the early taste of the Democratic presidential nomination.
No matter that neither senator is announced intention to run, as if we don't know that he's running right.
Two years ago, Obama gave the keynote address of the Democratic National Convention since then he's taken a high profile trip to Africa,
campaign vigorously for congressional candidates, published a second bestselling book,
acknowledged that he's considering a run for the White House.
On Monday, Obama made a speech on a racket to counsel the foreign relations, a requisite stop for prominent politicians taking to showcase their foreign policy chops, Clinton spoke to the group last month.
Both she and Obama have embraced phased withdrawal of US troops that start to specific benchmarks rather than in time.
I don't know how you changed the course without sending a strong signal to the Iraqi government that we're not going to maintain a permanent presence in the midst of the war he said in the interview.
Obama 45 clearly benefits from his rapid rise. He's not burdened by a lengthy Senate voting record.
This year's election made him a prize campaign draw exposing him to crowds across the country and wearing useful chits from candidates in states key to the presidential hunt.
That's chits with a CH chits.
As in your full of crap, Senator Dick Durbin, the senior senator from Illinois, the number two Senate Democrat, urged Obama to hit the hustings in Iowa, home to the first presidential caucuses.
As a result of those visits, Durbin said, I think more people in Iowa interested in his thought process about the future.
Obama is consulting with some experienced political strategist among the martial bar, Chicago-based David Axelrod, a senior adviser to John Edwards 2000 for presidential campaign.
David Ploof, a former aide to house Democratic leader Dick Gebhardt and Steve Hilderbrand, who ran vice president, Al Gore's campaign in Iowa in 2000.
Other potential Democratic candidates, however, are further along.
Clinton's got millions left from her easy re-election campaign in New York this year. Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts has also got millions in hand from his 2004 presidential race.
Iowa Governor Tom Vilsack already has set up his campaign committee.
Political operatives and fundraisers predict that a candidate who wants to be credible as a presidential hopeful must have at least 20 million in the bank by June,
Obama's improvement fundraisers are massing nearly 15 million in his 2004 Senate race and more than 4 million for his political action committee.
If he decides to run, he can put the money together, he can attract the talent Axelrod said.
Barack Hussein is middle-aimus Hussein. Uh-oh, you've done.
Barack Hussein, Obama, June is the son of a Kenyan father, can you believe it? And a white mother?
He offers himself as a cross-generational politician who wants to be on the fallout from the 60s and break the conventional left and right, liberal conservative pigeonholes of American politics.
I wonder what Michael Richards would have to say to him.
Both the 60s revolution in the subsequent backlash ended up locking us in with either or in debate almost every issue he said.
Either you were pro-military and anti-military, you were pro-traditional family, or some are you against traditional family.
The American people living their lives have a much more complex view of these issues.
Obama's from a new generation of black politicians, he's not a product of the civil rights movement like Jesse Jackson, but his identity as a black man is prominent.
A photograph of Martin Luther King, Jr., a portrait of Supreme Court justice, Thurgood Marshall images from the civil rights era, hang from his office walls, the hang from his orifice.
The most conspicuous item in his office is a set of red boxing gloves out of the graph by Muhammad Ali, set against the photo backdrop of Ali taunting a fallen sonny listen during the 1965 rematch.
The office momento service of Obama's personal touchstone to an era of profound change.
The 60s he ignores were a transformative period in this country.
The November 7 elections that shifted control of Congress and the Democrats also helped him expand his areas of expertise in these silently presidential elections.
I already remember the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and Veterans Affairs Committee, Obama asked for and received seats on the Homeland Security and Environmental Affairs and the Health Education Labor and Pension Committees, all of these things.
Senator Richard Luger, an Indiana Republican and current chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee has become something of a mentor to Obama.
The Senators have traveled to the former Soviet Union together and sponsored legislation and non-proliferation of conventional weapons and on fuel economy.
Luger also has a special insight having run for president himself in 1996 while still in the Senate.
Luger said I found in my own experience if you want one to do well, you probably better decide which one.
If you want to do one well, Senator or run for president.
In the book Audacity of Hope, Obama displays a candid self-awareness about the reality and limits of his political appeal.
I'm new enough on the political national scene that I serve as a blank screen on which people of vastly different political straps predict their own views he wrote.
Or as Democratic policy strategist Will Marshall of the Center's Progressive Policy Institute put it, voters want to know what load stars presidential candidates steer by.
That's something that a relative newcomer like Obama has not yet had a chance to convey. Don't you want to know what load star he operates by?
Oh yeah.
Yeah. Sounds like a load to me.
So that's the skinny there on Barack Obama. He's your next president by the way, I'm telling you that right now.
Either him or Elliot Spitzer could be the dark horse.
I know you're saying who? As in you, rhymes with you.
So what do you think would be more difficult? A woman, a black or a Jewish president?
That's a good question. Now that's a good poll question. Write that one down on your other arm.
The biggest name, sub-best talent, the business, Neil Rogers, sports radio 560, UAM.
Young God.
And now, get involved with Drew Rosinhaus only on sport whole radio, 560, U.I.B.
Yeah, on the phone none other than Drew Rosinhaus. Thanks for joining us Drew.
Yeah, I'm a lot of people.
For those who don't already know, give us a little background on yourself.
I am responsible for every famous sports figure you've ever known. Since the beginning of time, I discovered spoticus, and Sacho Paige,
Babe Ruth, Marff Throneberry, that was me. I discovered Lannitina from Lincoln on down all the U.S. presidents, that was me.
I put Neil Armstrong on the moon. In fact, it was I who invented the very phone with Dorkin' on.
What have you done for us right here in South Florida?
I got you Randall Terry for the dolphins. That was me.
Randall Terry, here's this picture. Can we get a shot of that? Yeah, there he is. Randall Terry.
Yeah, we hit the big time. That's the situation.
Drew Rosinhaus, gentlemen. Yeah. Drew Rosinhaus right here on the phone in South Florida.
Well, what haven't you done?
Mohalad David, that wasn't me. Drew, can you show us your boobs?
My boobs? Yeah. Yeah, let's see your boobs. I'm on the phone.
That's okay, we gotta make this entertaining somehow.
Sure. Here they are.
These gentlemen are my bulls. Nice. That's a nice thing.
You will only find on Drew Rosinhaus. Drew, are they real?
The genuine article. Tell you what, Drew, how would you like a female companion?
Well, it's no secret. I like girls. I'll introduce you to our program director.
It's a guy, isn't it?
It's physically, yeah. But more girl than you know. That's the situation I guess.
Yeah, it's very soft arms. I'd rather rape Mohalad.
Thanks for joining us, Drew. We'll be back with more fake collars after these words from Glory Hole Perry.
146. 14. No, two. We got a real challenge here.
I don't think we're going to get to our 14 or a vote by two o'clock.
Uh-oh. A push. Yeah, push this.
1370. That means we need 30 votes in 14 minutes.
So that's just a couple. I mean, we need 29 now.
1371. I'm the baby for Thanksgiving and you're pushing. You want me to push it?
Let's test this audience. So you got to test your ass. Okay.
Are you crazy or what? Test this on it. I think that they've done a Yovon-Yoman job today.
A Yovon? I'm the baby for Thanksgiving. The Omen. It's an Omen. Old man. That's me.
1371. We're stuck on that. We need 29 votes in 13 minutes.
That's like a little more than two a minute. I don't think we can do it.
Not not in the baby for Thanksgiving. I think we've already like exhausted our supply.
Maybe not. I mean, that would be a nice touch. Wouldn't that be a nice way to like go into the Thanksgiving holiday tomorrow?
Yes. I'll be able to show the thanks to us for working our brains out to try to like provide a little entertainment information
and amusement and amazement. Wouldn't that be something?
But I don't think it's going to happen. So what we're going to do is
just make me sick to my stomach. During the interview on Sunday,
Senator John McCain said that homosexuality was not a defector of sin,
but emphasized that he didn't think the same sex mirror should be legal.
The possible 2008 GOP presidential contender drew the line at civil unions for gain less bins,
but said that he thought they should have the right to win a new legal agreements.
Wouldn't that darn white of him? In fact, when I read this,
I got the cajon's to like go back to my desktop again and take a look at that.
I thought, well, it's not. He said it's not a sin. You know what I mean?
Yeah. I looked at it again. And again, 1374, we need 26 votes in 12 minutes.
Oh, boy, this is going to be right out of the wire, baby. Really tense. Can you smell the excitement?
That's right. That's me farting.
I don't believe gay marriage should be legal. McCain repeated,
I do not believe gay marriage should be legal. He said it twice just to make sure
if we missed it the first time. Instead of one side of each side of his mouth.
But I do believe that people ought to be able to win her into contracts,
exchange powers of attorney, other ways that people who have relationships can end
in to see powers of attorney. There we go with that crap again.
McCain also said that while he didn't believe we should discriminate against anyone in the workplace,
he didn't think we need specific laws that would apply necessarily to people who are gay.
McCain has been criticized by many for flip-flopping on issues related to gay rights and abortion.
He's a flip-flopper. In fact, to be probably even worse,
flip-flops, wouldn't you think, an old toad like him? That's what I've been told.
In 1999, the moderate version of McCain said that overturning Roe v. Wade would be dangerous for women
and he wouldn't support it even the long term.
The liberal blockchain progress note, which we read about yesterday,
this morning on ABC yesterday morning, McCain now aggressively courting likes a jury fall
while expressed his unequivocal support for overturning Roe v. Wade.
Did I read that yesterday, you said it? Just in case they missed it and just in case they forgot.
Since he's one of those people, a lot of people get schmoozed into because he's not bush and he's not, you know,
they think he's very moderate.
I'll tell you right now what he is full of crap, John McCain.
1374, 1380, oh look at that. We just had a chunk come in. Can you smell it?
Pick it up and put it in the can.
They're going to do it.
We had a chunk. 1381. We did 19 and 11 minutes. That's not even two a minute.
I'm going to keep refreshing this and see. But you know, then it stops.
And we have 134 dropouts, but that stopped too. We find out what that was all about.
It was some kind of a glitch and it was really a bitch bandit.
And those people try to listen online. On the day before Thanksgiving, we pissed them off.
That's not a good idea, okay? Now who, I see, I'm not technically that oriented. I understand how that happens.
Well, what happened of this newest episode? Remember how I told you that 1384.
Yes, I'm sure.
The guy said that it sounded really great and we up the band with here.
Right. Well, now we need to reduce the quality because it's so high that I guess people aren't.
Reduce the quality? Yes. Otherwise, it's going to continue like this. So Eric says.
Well, what the hell does that mean? I understand the thing you just said.
Reduce the quality so that it isn't all screwed up.
Right. Do you understand that, Miguel? I don't know what the, well, the band with is too high supposedly.
It's too hot. It's like those pictures on my desktop. They're too hot.
Too hot to handle. All right. Give it a shot.
More people could listen, but less quality. Is that what it is?
No. Well, for it to sound clear, they're going to need a lot more people to listen.
What? What are you talking about, man?
You know, these computer people, they talk about it, but it will be like in a different language.
And it's the language that doesn't even exist. They're just talking cock eyes what they're doing.
1385. We have nine minutes for 15 votes. A few people would put your notes to 1387.
What did I tell you? It's going to go right down to the wire, right up against the edge of your ass.
1387. And it has absolutely no significance of any kind other than it would just be a,
and I, and you know, that's still all day long. I've had this on their CNN MSNBC.
There hasn't been one blurb on there about today, but you know, November 22.
The 43rd anniversary of the assassination of John Kennedy. I mean, you know, he was, he was no George W. Bush.
The biggest names of best talents to the business, Neil Rogers, sports radio 560, UAM.
It's day. If I have a town,
at 560 WQA.
1395 or 5O George. Four minutes to go. Can we do it?
Pressure is on. Maybe he is smelling.
Rectome. An honor of my tomorrow's tough opponent for the fish.
The fins. Splish him.
Miami has the dolphins, and here we go again.
Another losing season that's never gone and they never win.
They never will and I will never know why sports are a straight at pick them.
The wind is super bold and they're the Miami Dolphins.
Oh, Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number. How many jeans in the league?
I'm a good at you. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins.
The same old story, nothing new.
Absolutely.
The dolphins are such losers. They really are quite lame.
I knew it from the very start. I watched a Pittsburgh game.
And did you see the whimpy way? It's saving through that flag.
Standing on the sidelines. He looked just like a fag in there.
You fed Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number. How many jeans?
I got one already.
I got one already.
Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins.
They're problem stick to them like glue.
Cheers.
The dolphins watched a football role and then he can't see.
14 or two.
It's only by Sherlock that they pulled out a victory.
And then they played the Texas. It almost made me sick.
We done it.
That stupid two-point pass play. That bumbling on site kick and there.
I can't say they don't.
I am a Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number. How many jeans in the league?
I got one already. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins.
Oh, and oh, my rain needs to shoot.
A Dolphins can't control the fall. They're running. Game is flat.
As for their execution. Well, I'd agree with that.
They're always gone. A blow a lead of that. You can be sure.
And when they leave the field. So has the stench of common door.
And they're the Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number. How many jeans in the league?
I am a Dolphins. Miami Dolphins.
Give them another shot of boo.
You stop.
But dolphins have no strategy. They play like idiots.
Another couple games lost to the Patriots and Jets.
I think they're all retarded. It's almost like their curse.
S.J. St. Taylor and S.E. Thomas.
Which team is the worst in their sake? Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number.
What the hell, 32? Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins. Now they're through.
A side of the air.
What's this? Not for the bigoted.
Hi, bye, bye.
