We're all upset man. The whole Muslim world is rattling their spurs. What I say is if you're all bent out of shape with that Danish newspaper
Don't eat no Danish in the morning. It's all right. I don't buy that paper anymore. Right. Don't buy the newspaper and do it no more
The middle of chess
Oners are maybe let's say is junior who the reincarnated as your attorney general Alberto Vio 5 Gonzalez Gonzalez the torturer
Abu Gaurin that pathetic torture moda and it's like a big mystery as to what he's gonna say right like we don't already know that
What a joke gonna say oh yeah, yeah
But anyway, you know this whole business is you know, we're offended more pissed off
So let's bring some buildings down, you know and the media just coddles this whole deal, you know
Whether maybe they're terrified they're gonna burn near building down who knows what that looks all about very sad
Almost as sad as great code text of the hero
Too bad that we messed up all your plans just like Tessio said to godfather
Remember that right messes up all my plans. They're supposed to cheat and win parents where come on right Alan Brown
It's put you know, let me just for the audience is benefit and this is the last time I'll talk about it
Because it was just for fun. That's what he said he said win however you want you know do whatever you want
Have a good time with it. It's just for fun
It's just a little pull on a blog and then he writes on Friday Greg Cotex and the Miami hero and the even mr
Whipple being embarrassed by that newspaper. He writes
We're ignoring all future votes and stuff. So I've already worked a clear in the pool ended in naming our random evidence blog champions
The headline on this little thing here radio pool and thank God. I think what he means is thank
Yeah, we put you to sleep. Okay Greg Cotex you idiot you fully you shill
He says wQM's demand is as the market's favorite sports radio voice
Seven idea to take a stand labaster as least favorite and QM is favorite station to which we say to all those
Oh, right. How will do you?
The latter cat let now see this is a lie the latter category was too close to call legit
Which is an absolute lie because we know that a one twenty three on two days when Alan downtown Brown
Started circulating this daisy chain frantic email
Anyway too close to college it before being hijacked by QM's deal Rogers and his listeners, but that's okay
It's all good democracy. It always pretty but if forever beats the alternative then this line really amuses the hell out of me
The pool was supposed to be fun not turn all weird
Anyway, thanks to all the participants. I don't think it turned all weird at all
Just turned the way he didn't want it to turn that's what it boils down to isn't it Greg that you're on the payroll over there
You've got your head all the way of Alan Brown's ass all the way to his neck. So why don't you stop the BS Greg?
It just didn't turn out there. There was nothing weird about it
How come the other people couldn't hijack it with all their listeners? Yeah, well
They all they got all their listeners to vote four times. They only got three thousand votes
Then they that ain't too promising
Now the fact of the matter is that you know the first time I talked about on Tuesday
We pulled off to a big fat lead over them and that's why it should have been
Because they you could stick their audience in a phone booth everybody knows that and then a 123 on Tuesday
Obviously in the state of frantic hysteria because things weren't working out the way that he and Greg Cotex had planted
Here comes this email to everybody who's ever born everybody that ever walked into their building ever
Everybody that ever drove by their building on 441
Let's crush the QAM and all of a sudden here come all these phony votes see their phony votes were fine
But the problem is that our phony votes so I were evil because that made us hijack the pool and it isn't the way they wanted to turn out
You're kidding nobody Greg Cotex it was a bad idea
But anyway didn't turn all weird we just kicked your ass and we spoiled all your fun just like Tessio and of course
I would have a Tessio. Oh see him no more. Okay Greg
What what a jackass it's just so typical of the hero like I said you know the whole newspaper over there's in bed with the other guys
And do everything they can they'll do anything like Joel fineberg said I'll do anything in my power to kick their ass over there to hurt those guys
To wound them nobody said
That's what he said yeah
Well, you don't have food there already no I thought it a little bit distracted
No, I'm just right here. Now I thought maybe it was that super bowl last night maybe lost some money on it
Yeah
Now Josh made a good point that is that game seemed I yeah the officiating soft any I watch the whole second half
but um
The officiating always sucks. I mean the you know the patrons could scream and how old but then again they gave away that game
To Denver and the same thing with the adolescent I think gave away the game too and poor my comb room standing there looking
Fatter than ever on the sideline all worked up into a sweat, you know he's beneath his cheese. Oh my god talk about a
Sweating cheesehead
He I think he had like about
50,000 bratwars too many when he was in green bad think that put him over the edge
But anyway, he was like looking desperately on all those charts and finally to the end of the game you call it
You I just give up you call it and it was like that was the end of that
I did like that Randall L pass that that was a great, you know
The man he said that was about the only thing madden got right is they were gonna run a trick player between the 40s
Well, that didn't get a lot right these days now
He's a little longer than the two and then of course toward the end of the game they're going on about well
They got it they got it well kicked the field goal now and then tried the onsite kick and get the bet
They got to get some points out of this I don't I don't know where the logic is net because either way
They were gonna have to score a touchdown and they're all the way down there inside the 30 yard line
I got to tell you by that point I was completely drunk and me and my friends were
It's saying did he really just say that they should
Well, maybe he was putting it down too many he and Al were both
Little long in the probably yeah here are the cat but at any rate so then he was 27 seconds left
And they don't try the field rolling and both of them ignore that they had been saying that they've been saying that for like about three minutes
And then they finally didn't try it and they're like but a bit of movement and just ignored it
It was you know, it was what you'd expect a very marginal game and like you said it would didn't it all
It didn't seem to have the flavor of the Super Bowl it all really did
I mean no, it was just probably
It was Pittsburgh Seattle, but yeah, two things that nobody gives a flying crap about
I thought the Steelers would crush him and they would have actually did molest him if it wouldn't have been for that bad
Pass by Rothlesburg it there. They're like inside the 10 yard line
And he's got a guy wide open and said just just loving to ball over the defender an automatic easy six
What does he do if you was it right in the defenders hands and sets up 14 10 well at least it made a little less of them anyway
That was a nasty pass you know, that was bad
And I came home from dinner
I went up dinner to watch the first half and I came home just in time and it was Mick Jagger on my screen
You know what I thought to myself what?
I don't want to see him no more
You know maybe maybe I'm the only one
There there's just some people and I like the stones just fine a lot of great music
But that was like in an earlier lifetime that was before most of our audience was even born, you know
I just don't want to see them no more. You know what what is enough enough already with them
I kind of I kind of agree with you there. I have no problem with the hands. I like their music
I mean what are we going to do heaven come out in the wheel chair someday here are the stones in a wheel with a bag
You know what a colossal be bag. I just I don't want to see them no more
You know
There's some people
You know I see no mo and there's some of them
At any rate we have 2050 votes on our Polo with a weekend
probably say it boosted up there by the the sports intensive question how much of a sports nerd are you
And here's the result a lot of liars by the way
As I'm a fan not a nerd six hundred and seventy. Oh right. Do we believe them? How many say though?
Part of them some of them by ten. I have some interest but not big time five forty two
Yeah, that's my feeling. Yeah, I could take it or leave it
Minza minza
I hate everybody one eighty seven which has nothing to do with the pool
But just a chance for you to vent the fact that you hate the whole world and that's good because there
Some people like that. I have no interest hundred and twenty that was George's vote who did not watch one second of the game last night
Right and by the way, I'd like to point out I didn't watch any of the commercials every time it came to commercial break
I flip the channel through something else I want to see for a minute
Total nerd 99 total sports nerd 99 which is only 4.8% of this vast audience
But we I think we need like about 20 all tall or all sports
Talk stations in the market then it'll bring it a little track so much like flies to honey or bees is it whatever it is flies to a shmit file
It'll bring millions of people to sports right?
I'm sure it's like it's like if we have 75 country music stations and everybody be a country music fan. That's right
I love to shower with a guy's 91. I only watch one sport 90. I hate this pool. They need three. I hate spectators sports 70
Only for gambling purposes 49
I'm a jock sniffer
25 and is there anything else other than sports 24? I'm sure clearance voted that now
I take that back hidden vote at all because you didn't even know that we have a pool there you go
Now you're good. Oh listen. I'm a little bit slow going to be a little over eight years
But I'm finally still you said in the Friday was absolutely correct
They don't know that we do a pool. They don't know that great co-text that I pulled in the newspaper
And I got all whipped up and I apologize to myself
Although it was a lot of fun and we accomplished a lot
We made them look like trained monkey. I was kind of funny or made me look like untrained monkeys, huh? It was fun
Because the rest of the crowd we don't want
We don't want on this station. They like you know
Just always the old the old Jew the old Jew bag has to carry their mom is back and I've been doing it for a long time
So why should anything else be different? You know? Oh let him let him do whatever he wants
What's the kind of do with sports? I thought that's what that pool was all about was sports thought
You have nothing to do with us. What?
Yeah, but what's all the wine? Oh, you're right. There's Jose Jimine is everybody villas is you near
There's a Wilson. Yeah, yeah, you look just like Woodrow Wilson
I mean that's who bush reminds me of Woodrow Wilson and I went Weinstein Churchill
What a joke
Got this illiterate redneck dumber and
And then it's a little midget here. Who's nothing but a
Shill for the torturer crowd, you know how book our red for the joke
But they're holding these hearings man. Let all the hearings all the time
That's what your government does best to hold a lot of hearings waste a lot of good time
And of course kill some good TV time on the 24-7 networks on the talking head networks, right?
Absolutely. I mean absolutely
12 minutes after 10 to 560 what's that lineup look like today? Well, let's see we got
Curtis and Curtis and guilty and guilty and I'm looking at the week and then
Curtis
So it looks like we got three days of Curtis this week and two days of the guilty Meister
Curtis 2 to 4 mad dog 4 to 7 just the agglist 7 to 10 well how do you like that sports fans?
Jesse aggregate three hours tonight and he can't 10
I wonder what that's all about
Oh, I know what it's all about the Panthers are on the road to it
At the catch tomorrow, and I would try to be a gimme but then the least game there was supposed to be a gimme too
And it wasn't a
Stump of join out at any rate. It's a road game. So it could be tough
So Jesse aggris on we can't give guilty because he's traveling the aka 10
So he got nice pristine lineup no games
And you can all rehash the super bowl and how the officiating was so bad and Seattle got screwed and my home group looks so fat
And Bill cowardly into the game was desperate because he couldn't find bike to
Can't congratulate to himself on the victory and pat him on the back and give a kiss on the cheek and whatever
It was it was you're right. It just it didn't have that flavor to it, you know
Yeah, the wrong or had the wrong aroma
That kind of put me in a coma
By the way, we will be playing Perry coma and round and round the hundred times today that that inspired me for a pull
I'm taking later this week. What's that?
It goes
Sorry
The worst hit song of all time
Okay, we might have done that but still no, we did not the worst hit song of all time ever I guarantee I'll bet you I'll bet you
Aris life on it. I think we did a like what's on the haters something like that. It's something like that
Not the worst hit song of all time, but that's a fine idea. Mm-hmm. We could spend a week on that
We I think we've done the most annoying song right the most overplayed song
Like that, but the worst hit song. I mean, we could we could do that in 7,000 parts
You know, I could just hear the lists. No right all the very Manolo songs they'll be on there anything by
Yeah, very coma though round and round it said that's right in there to contender
That's the one where he's barely grieving where he barely has a pulse. It's no
I like it as across the street
1014 at 560 WQM
WQM
From the makers of brought back Mountain comes an epic tailor for bin love on the other side of the valley in
Rainbow Reservation
Sure why you cry? I know all flaming frown eyes. I fear you and your friends more than friends
I fear you
Never rising longhorned been friends since boyhood. It's how you look at well
How do you look at you know the proper feather
Purgons that the TP decoration and those long trip of a mountain
Experience the prairie like never before as two Indian friends from rival tribes the jack-a-guy and lock-a-daw tries
Spend nights alone in the wilderness in a GP eliminated by the flickering campfire and serenaded by the sounds of nature
Oh longhorn oh brown eyes. Oh good grief. I can't know for you movie critic rest read raise who's your chief who's your chief rainbow
Reservation
Coming soon to a theater near you
1019 that's actually kind of cute. How do you like that must be a mistake?
Must be yeah, anyway. Here's the poll today that we got going
And we got I just made this one up just out of my heed
609 votes which of these best describes you average 170 well, I just refreshing isn't average run of the mill
170 I have no life 112 I have no life hot stud 44 yeah right
Fat Slob 38
neurotic 33 you know who inspired me to put fast slob on remember lady to call on Friday
That said she found it very amusing when yeah, I say fast slob so I put fast slob on there. I can relate 38 neurotic 33. I'm a fat Jew 32
Computer nerd 29 lazy third 24 Julio 22 only 3.6 percent even though Georgian sister most of our audience
Julio isn't holy at this
Not not true old troll 19. Yeah, you know, I said lots. Yeah, why do you make stuff up all the time old troll 19 redneck 17 young punk
Racist 13 closet case 10
Screaming queen 9 is in you fairy wallflower 9 chocolate 9 and hateful bitch only 5
And hateful bitch doesn't have to be female by the way like for example freaky Carlos out the front desk when you say that that's the definitive hateful bitch the poster child the poster child
Anyway, that's our poll today and I click on it or not
We're gonna do a thousand votes on it again today each your hard-out downtown Allen Brown and Greg Cotex
Oh poor Greg he didn't expect to get all weird
Do you think there was anything weird about it? I?
I don't find anything weird at all. Oh, what's this man talking about was weird as that they wanted to be a one-sided thing
We're only there allowed to try right where they could do is a propaganda
And the very thing say hey everybody look at this word kick an ass. Yeah, you're kicking ass ancient stuff. Maybe your own
My god, they must all have roys over there like
Like bowling balls by the way Eric reports that we we did take that poll April 26, 2004
Well, that's almost two years ago exact wording of it what worst hit song what is the worst hit song top 40 of all time?
Well, I can go back into oh, that's good. Sorry. We got him to get a list and we'll add to it. Oh, thanks
You're right laddie in fact what he could really help you by telling you what number that poll is on you know how we have
Number our history number 1186 and 1187 apparently was a two-parter. Oh, that could be like almost all week. Uh-huh
Leaveny
All right, nice going Eric. Tony. He's okay. You keep saying all right
I don't know what's wrong with you guys you and jock
Always ripping him behind the back. I don't know why we're wrong. That's just jealous. I thought it was jealous
I actually Josh got the stories up nice and over this morning
I'd like to get him last night, but yeah, he'd like to get paid for doing something anyway
Well, that's right. He got him up last night. They may be a little out of order there because he was like eight sheets to the win last night
Well, that's what the Super Bowl is all about in the
Like in the plastered. Yeah
Speak of a performance last night CBS. This is their take on it of course
It's easy for them because ABC did the game so CBS has got their caustic take it says they may not have flashed any body parts except for Mick Jagger's well-toned stomach
Oh, I don't know how to see any of him much less his well-toned stomach is 150 years old
But the Rolling Stones made ABC glad it imposed a five-second tape delay on the Super Bowl halftime show. Were you were this?
I was not no bleak them
To sexually explicit lyrics were ex-dives from the Rock Legends performance last night
The only song to avoid the editor was can't get no satisfaction a 41-year-old song about sexual frustration
Was that what it's all about
In start me up ABC editors silenced one word a reference to a woman's sexual sway over a dead man
The lyrics for rough justice included a synonym for rooster that the network also deemed worth cutting out
What could that have been? I don't know pull it
Sounds like a cock and maybe deal to me
It was the first time a network had imposed a five-second tape delay on the Super Bowl a sensitivity to no doubt reflects a lingering reaction
They're lingering with their finger and their fingering or I can't say that
They're lingering reaction to Janet Jackson's famous wardrobe malfunction two years ago
The Stones probably didn't mind either it brought a little rock and roll danger to the ultimate safe gig if they're lucky
It distracted attention from their mediocre show like I said a man
They are old and stodgy and ancient man. You got to know what to hang it up like me. This is my life showed at them out of here
Olden where you go people
Outside
By the way to son of shine and right now some little tiny bit of snow that we had overnight. It's melting. Oh snow
First have a big storm here this past weekend didn't happen kind of like like
Theon what we're said a walk down by or blew on by it blew
Jagger with 62 is still force of nature strutting and dancing across the stage as I did as a replica
They're famed wagging tongue logo the band's performance felt ragged
They seem just warming up during the opening start me up in a three-song set of fours no such luxury
The Stones chose three tough rockers including the best song from their well-received recent album one of the most enduring hits
Here's one we could have done a Super Bowl one Jagger while they said in producing satisfaction
It was their best most energetic effort ending with Jagger blowing your kiss to the audience
But unlike you two's performance four years ago to Super Bowl
There's that was not an example of a band at its peak rising in the majesty of the vet
Oh you too when's that gonna happen? I must have missed that they're rising to their peak
Yeah
Some in Detroit called the city's rich musical history with snub when the stones were selected
Now come they didn't have the a funk brothers there without it been great I'd have watched that me too
Even if the Super Bowl had Motown theme halftime shows twice in the past 25 years this year's Motown tribute came before the game
Stevie Wonder was a center precinctly and medley of his hits with the help of John legend jaw stone and India are
I
What's that?
What what's India are you I read that say yeah R&B I believe R&B you believe I know
You think pretty sure it was a typical monument to access with a stage more crowded than a train station in Russia
Was marred by microphones that occasionally malfunctioned at the junction brightly clad dancers
Hope that in Congress we went wonders saying a portion of his angry ghetto to a living for the city at one point pretending to fight each other
Like a scene from Batman
Most importantly the medley format did a disservice to the musicians they rushed to the songs as if at a fast food service line
What hours of mean was pregame hoopla couldn't they be given five minutes more to finish a few songs
The national anthem offered a particularly odd partnership air a never and dr. John and they tribute to her cave ravaged new Orleans
With the tread favorite you reach for Franklin
Neville saying half of the song in his feathery soft voice then was never heard from again when Franklin blew the dome's roof off
She barely intended a microphone
By the way, you know you talked about Mike Holm from looking huge. Yeah, she she was about
Really your ether man. She's just version of the scene. She's a growing star
All right, she's one little r e fp a how we feel that it was correct
I'd like to hold the whole choir in the background. You thought you were at like a black church on something really
Well, that's how about the choir in the back of all you have to watch standing in the shadows of Motown yet
They got the choir in the back there
Yeah, but it's very very church like this nice national anthem
Well, this is what you're in Detroit when you're in Detroit. You got to pray a lot
Like to get home alive at night
Beast made it back alive after wandering to 12th Street in the middle of the night
And I finally talked him off the dollar real fortune
I talked both of us off of it. It's for sucker, but you can't win. There's no upside, baby. No upside
There's the downside, but they're in the website. So I don't play that one when the slots come down here to play whatever you want
20 so could you lose your ass 27 after 10 a Q a m. Hey guys valentines day is next Tuesday
The last thing you want to do is spend the weekend shopping
So here's what you want to do Sunday pyjama gram a pyjama gram is the perfect way to spoil your wife a girl friend
And give her what you really wants
So receive the best pyjama delivered in a hat box your level along with the lab at her sachet gift card
And I do not disturb sign all free sending a pyjama gram only takes a few minutes
But she'll think you spend a month planning it that you're really clever even if you're not shop online at pyjama gram
dot com or call 1 800 gift pjs on all the top brands from company to sexy great
Bath and body gifts to all that spa stuff that women just love plus the packaging is amazing soon
I have to wrap it in a pyjama gram makes the perfect gift and best of all
They'll think of you every time she puts it on women wanted a pampered and this is a gift you'll both love valentines day delivery is guaranteed
So call 1 800 gift pjs or visit pyjama gram dot com right now. That's pyjama gram dot com or
1 800 gift pjs insurance on that ancient Neil tool to you to call
This is me in alerts. This is 5 6 Blind
I'm gonna try to lay me that way
But I must lose more life I need
And we'll go away here
But I need to keep going my leg
When the crows shower it's gonna start wet
I like a golden shower
And it's worth it, it's worth it
And it's great we're taking a golden shower
I like a golden shower
I use the pickled amperies
Before I start to stroke
I lift off my wee wee
With a pair of blue mudglove
The blue wind and my toes
They say it feels so wet and warm
I'll keep it in the street
When I take myself in my house
I want to joke like that I just got it
When I take the shower it's gonna start out wet
I like a golden shower
And it's worth it, it's worth it
And it's worth it, it's worth it
And it's worth it, it's worth it
1033, 2070, 411 and 560 WM
The Super Bowl is over and now what for all your sports nerds out there
What about the sports talk about?
What about the sports talk about between now and April 15 or whenever the NFL Grandt is?
Anything?
The Super Bowl
Oh, don't forget about it
Yeah, how could you forget?
And then there's always that
And then we love the panthers
They're really bad, huh?
What about that?
Mm-hmm
Got a wall up right up there in Atlanta
Six, four, the other night
They win one, lose a couple
They're just nobody cares
I mean nobody cares, trust me when I tell you
So I don't know what to do
We'll leave it to them
Like I said, we had a divorce last week
From all the rest of that stuff, so that's fine
I rate drive a lot of angry people out there
I told you the religion is too crazy, but they're not the only ones
I rate driver, torture showroom
Gerald, George Etes
Apparently thought he got a raw deal on a new car
So we plowed the Ford Escape, he didn't want through the glass showroom
Ford gasoline on it
And set the North-Dade Metro 4 dealership on fire
Dade police said yesterday
A little bit over the top, don't you think?
People getting pissed off, setting buildings on fire
We don't like your car, tune
We don't like the deal we got our car for
Crazy people
He caused nearly a million dollars in damage
Scorching around a dozen cars, including a new rare Ford GT heritage fire official said
George Etes 56 is supervised over the city of North Miami Beach
Walked away from the dealership Saturday afternoon
As if nothing had happened
Police caught up with him a few blocks away from the dealership in 9,000 northwest 7th Avenue
He was arrested without incident
Police charge him with the first degree arson, a felony
And with felony criminal mischief, he posted a $50 a dollar bond yesterday
George Etes could be reached for a comment, the dealership manager declined to comment
But those who know George Etes were shocked
And his apparent act of buyer's rage
Oh buyer's rage
Yeah
Ah, there's anyone for you
A little anger management will be just fine
You know how when you pay for something you don't get it?
Right
North Miami Beach Mayor Raymond F. Marin
was stunned to hear George Etes who's duties in food managing the city's jewels
Living, performing arts theater could do such a thing
He's an ice guy, I didn't know him to be a malicious arson, he always been
Nice to me and the pimples he knows
It's unclear what George Etes status with the city will be due to his arrest
The incident played out on a busy Saturday afternoon of the dealership
According to the police, George Etes was fuming over the price he had paid
A new one goes for about 20 grand and it's unknown what price he paid for a new
B.H.4 to escape SUV
On Saturday he went back to the dealership
It's unclear what he was told but he was angered with a final agreement
He calmly got into the car drove through the window sending glass shattering everywhere
He then doused gasoline or some flammable fluid on the escape and other cars and struck a match
Denise Cruz, another customer, witnessed the jaw dropping incident
She had brought her car to be serviced and said she was in line when she saw George Etes
He was carrying into the showroom and first I thought someone had pushed the accelerator and said the brace bassins
He said that this dude drove through the showroom on purpose
He's creating a drive through man, a lot of those in South Florida
All over the state, only his only 56
Cruz described the scene as pure panic with people screaming he's got a bomb
She said that once the man was in the showroom she saw him reach over to the passenger side for something that had allowed boom
Flames were everywhere she said the place was absolutely
But to her surprise George Etes wearing a bright orange shirt and khaki shorts was common just strolled away
The fire just walked he just walked on by
The first red all the way, sure the dealership and destroyed cars, computers and paperwork
Among the cars' damage was a rare baby blue 2006 4GT heritage
A limited edition model out of only 250 the made it sells for 150 grand
Won't see that no mole
A similar rage incident happened in 94 when Stephanie Elaine hardened angered at pet boys mechanics
Walked in that store showroom at 3388 North State Road 7 and poured gasoline on the floor and then embolda match
He was arrested in charges of Carson for a lot of angry and that's buyer's rage baby
I'm pissed off I'm gonna burn a place down
Yeah, like that
And yeah, well that's just a leading to these crazy religious nuts and excuse me for the redundancy
I mean come on already waiting you people in the media once again. Oh here we go again. The fewer over the editorial cartoons
If you see there's a the fewer then what he's talking about bushing in the fewer without the mustache
In fact, I guarantee you if you checked it out we have close it's Hitler without the mustache
Now let's see what is this?
QAM newsletter full of useful information is blank
Listen, you know, if you're going to go this is from somebody university dogs who probably the cow synthesis
QAM newsletter is blank
Well, I think that's our new motto now the less said the better
Isn't that the new motto? That's that's a good idea
Less said the better speaking of the less palm very forward via condios remember that that's our song we're going to play for Mo via
And know what's and the same for Greg Reed by the way via
Yeah, get lost
Which of these best describes you all say the story about the the ragheads?
It's just you know and then they're showing you again was reinforced with very burning buildings down and riding in there's four people dead by the way
I just thought you might want to know that yeah, they're four people that in cartoon protests and we're supposed to like take this seriously
Four people that in cartoon protests so imagine if you really do something to piss them off they might like fly planes into a building or something like that
And there's thousands of innocent people you know
There's this this sucking up to religious nut cases man. I'm tired of it. I'm tired of it all my life but late you people in the media
I mean there is no rationalizing this this is no different from any other kind of religious insanity
But nevertheless media scared to death of anything having to do with religion we don't want to offend anybody right why to hell not?
Oh, because it in fact I thought that's what editorial cartoons is supposed to be see if it's if it's in Saudi Arabia or one of the Muslim countries
With cartoons depicting all the Jews with big noses and blood on their hands. That's okay. That's not the least bit offensive
But if it anything to do with a Quran or God forbid with Muhammad. What about if it was Muhammad Ali? Huh? Oh, that's okay. Oh, is it?
What about if we take Kennedy picking a mask potatoes out of his ears like we just saw no strings little while ago?
You see that? No. Okay. He was picking buds out of his ears
I wish I could do that. Which of these best describes you were asking average 194 what's our vote total?
679 we got a shot at four four million today average 194 I have no life hundred and twenty nine I have no life we've talked a lot of you and we believe it
Hot stud 47 likely story get you a mirror and check that again fast-slob 40
Break the mirrors and don't look again neurotic 34 computer 134. I'm a fat Jew 32 lazy turd 28 Julio 24
Old troll 20 redneck 19 young punk 16 racist 13 wallflower 11 chocolate chocolate 11 got to say it right
Chocolate chocolate. Yeah, where's that chocolate?
You wear your chocolate every day. Closet case 10 screaming queen 10 and hateful bitch 7. Well, isn't that special?
Twenty before 11. Well, I've got some hateful bitches out there. In fact Georgia. Yeah.
You know some okay guys speak of that Valentine's Day is next Tuesday the last thing you want to do is spend your weekend at the mall wasting your time
Well weekend there that next weekend here three words for you Vermont teddy bear call one of their bear counselors of one eight hundred eight two nine
Bear and it helped you choose the perfect bear for your wife or girlfriend they'll deliver right on Valentine's Day with three chocolate and a gift card
Their famous box ask about the love bandit bear the lover boy bear the mad about you bear the new red hot redneck
For about the price of a dozen roses which of course are wilted and dead in just a few hours you'll be giving her something she'll love forever
Vermont teddy bears are the only bears handmade in America and guaranteed for life investable should be thinking about you every time she hugs her bear
Make this Valentine's Day the best one ever with a gift she'll love and always remember call one eight hundred eight two nine bear or shop online in Vermont teddy bear dot com today
Send the creative gift to the alternative to flowers Valentine's Day delivery is guaranteed by the way call one eight hundred eight two nine bear
B.E.A.R. one eight hundred eight two nine bear and be sure and some of it old Neil told you to call this is Neil Rogers
This is five sixty two A.S.
Know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers
Okay, I'll be helping you today.
Hey, would you please be having a proofs for me?
We are having a sale on camera
We have had a lot of many players
I'm afraid that is not
Peace
We are
A.G.G.G.A.D.A.
We'll share the day with everything
You must be making sure that you decide I'm seeing it
Yes, the winner women and bags
It is only because they're so bad
As you can play the group of actions of a group and we don't want to drink on the way we should feel like a fool
You are a fool
You are a fool
You are a fool
You are a fool
You are a fool
You are a fool
You are a fool
You are a fool
You are a fool
You are a fool
You are a fool
You are a fool
You are a fool
You are a fool
We are very offended
We are going to burn your building down
We are not going to eat no more Danish
One country has always been angry at us
Denmark, why is that?
I don't know, there are so many 7-elevens
Not these sympathizers
All the innocuous people in the world
A lot of them look pretty good too
Pretty good restaurants there as well
But a lot of 7-elevens
Denmark, they pretty much mind their own business these days
And they have an opinion
Somebody wrote a cartoon they didn't like
Like Boonsbury
Too bad
All you fanatical ragheads out there
I mean, it takes a anger management would be good before you blow the whole damn world up
Crazy people
Remember it is a good Bible but these are just the Bible part
Like that
Good, golly
Just take a chill pill man and calm down
They could have the class right there at the Medrassa
Just like that business at Gitmo
When we were all bed out of shape
They are forcing the Qur'an down the toilet
You know what all these books has a good place for it
Probably plug up the Latrine but never less
The Bible and the Qur'an
And what is the Joseph Smith Tablets
Take two in college in the morning
Whatever those things are
The Book of Mormon
The Book of Mormon
It is all crap
Get with it, ok?
Jesus, come on to the dark ages
Enjoying the human race for Christ's sake
Good, golly, and watch the Super Bowl
Anyway, speaking of before we get to that
Mega Rapper Buster Rhymes
Is he kind of like Buster Move?
No
Buster Rhymes narrowly escaped death early
Is there you wear this?
I am now, you told me this morning
Well, yeah, but Joshain, I heard it as well
As his bling handler was killed
And the hail of bullets after several routies
Were booted from a Brooklyn Soundstage
Were the performers shooting a celebrity studded video
Oh, man, his bling handler was killed
A lot of dead-to-rack people
You know what?
They get a bum-wrap
Their shooting started, our shooting stop
Said, K, a man who was part of the technical group
Rhymes video version of the song
Touch it
In the kiss the cactus studio in Greenpoint
Kiss the cactus and then touch it
Or the other way around
And you like that
A lot of bullets coming out those bling handler
Oh, yeah
Not a good professional, you kids out there
If you want to be something good when you grow up
Don't become a bling handler
So what somebody touches my blade, I'll shoot them
Yeah, bang bang
Don't have a bling
Look at this, a call coming in here WQA and hello
And they're not there anymore, that's good
That's the kind of mood I'm in today
Of these, this whole business with this Super Bowl
It was just a cock-a-man
Big build-up
We're stoned there, about 150 years old, you know
Old and crappy
Just get away already
Way to please, just go away
How many trillion dollars you think they made already
This you're not doing it for the money?
No, what do they do to it for?
For the halibut
Let's see, you need that anal to this pole that I can vote sign to somebody here
Okay, let's add that anal
Got it?
Got it
Okay, somebody out there is an anal
I wonder if there must be Greg Kotec, who's a...
He must be off an anal if he's all...
Oh, we didn't want it to get weird, it was just supposed to be for fun
Well, we had a tremendous amount of fun with it, how do you like that Greg?
We had a lot of fun
And that's just the way it goes, you didn't have any fun because your buddy Allen Dowtown Brown and all your other cohorts across the street
Oh, jeeg, Greg, that's not how it was supposed to come out
You promised us, you'd make this look like the big heroes and we look like a bunch of mozo
Uh, what was us?
Too bad
A bunch of silly crybabies, man
70 QAM, hello
Oh, hey, Neil
Yes, sir
I'm probably a little late, but I heard earlier that you were talking about wolfings, restaurants, maybe I'm a little late, but uh...
Yeah, that was a month, a year ago it took us, we'll go ahead
Oh, man, that place was great, a lot of good yiddes, food, I used to eat there all the time
Up on the BHD, it has the greatest thickled tomatoes, I wonder if it's like those
No
These leave them out like the thinnellies on the table so you can get them
Okay, well that's ancient, it's very boring
5670560, Tom was that pathetic or what?
Tom 560 in the Verizon singular world, like we need a primer on wolfies, okay?
On the pickles, how about the cold slaw?
Huh?
Yeah, it's not good
Yeah, how about the waitresses that used to tear off their aprons and run on their screaming
I can't handle them anymore, this is a bunch of crazy people
And like, throw the silverware down
That was the exciting part, we're going about to stupid the deal pickles
Right, and the liver dip
Yeah, oh, come in the QAM, hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
Uh, take this out, it's not funny to me that last night's Super Bowl was just disgusting all the way through
What was the last time you seen a half time show out performed by the pregame show?
You know, it was just...
I don't want to hear the one of them so I'm very pleased, I guess I made a very choice
Well at the same time, it's kind of funny that, you know, just the commercials stunt, the game wasn't all that great and all that other good stuff
Yeah, I was basically bored
I feel like we had many, well I only watched a second half, but I feel like the public had many hours of their lives stolen away by hype
How many was a letter?
It was a movie gate, trust me, it was all about the whole Janna Jackson thing and they try to make it as bland as possible
I don't know that other good stuff
Now one more thing, I got to admit, I do listen to the Liberty Arts Show
And I'm one of them, but the thing is it's a different type of sports show to me because it's like entertaining like you and I
Well I'm telling you, give me back the 50 bucks, okay, because your call was definitely not worth it
I would say...
About 30!
Okay, 5.6705.60, not interested, that was last week and this is now, okay?
Oh the ambassador show, I am right
That's the other in hip-hop drawing
The other in hip-hop drawing is very entertaining and how much more publicity can you give?
It won't do any good, okay, because once people hear it the first time, if they have IQ larger than their thumbnail, they're gone
At any rate
Let's see, here's a facts from somebody in Panama City, Maloo, Maluck
It says the word that describes me is not found anywhere today's poll, when you add the word gothic
Oh, wow
I've often wondered how many other people like me listen to your show since we tend not to listen to radio at all
I've not listened to the radio since I was 15, say for the new garage I'm sure I'm 35 now
Born in Miami and moved away from South Florida 3 years ago, but just to find another got off of Florida destination
For the most part, oh well Panama City, what do you expect?
For the most part, everybody who I live now are with George hit on the nail, religious un-Christian types
Those supporting pompous asses, it sucks really bad here and that's why I'm moving to Springfield Mass now and hopefully soon
Thanks, Pally and I love your show, says Maluck, and lots of luck, Maluck, good luck to you
Put gothic on it with a capital G, please
What's a Maluck? Is that a guy? A chick something in between?
That's getting laid in the month of fall of April
Well, good luck, Maluck, that's it
And in your case I'm likely 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60
Palm 5, 60 and leave a rise in singular wireless like an antus person where your very entertaining calls
Let's reminisce about Puppernicks next, okay, about those great pickles they stay up on the table
What about the Puppernicks?
A lot of bread with all the different bread
And the Baccadabra bread with the Poppicee, die Poppi
WQAM, hello
Hey, oh, yes sir
Your show's starting out a little slow today
Yeah, okay, and that's because you're on it WQAM, hello
Calls that for everyone
5, 6, 7, okay, let me get back to the crazy reggae
No, I mean obviously, you know, the test of the water is your little bit and it was polluted
They were polluted, you could smell it, you could feel it, a little brown
In fact, even the water sounded a little chocolate to me
Four people have died as demonstrations against cartoons, satirizingly for having the profit Muhammad intensify
Like that, it's a cartoon baby, well we don't like it
Three people were killed when police in Afghanistan fired on protesters after police station came out of attack
In Somalia, a 14-year-old boy was shot dead and several others injured after protesters attacked the police
Demonstrations have also been taken place in India, Thailand, Indonesia, Iran and Gaza
They followed attacks on Danish embassies in Syria and Lebanon over the weekend
The cartoons were first published in a Danish newspaper
Mondays this was thought to be the first that officials in Lebanon have not confirmed that a demonstrator died yesterday
After jumping from the third floor of the Danish embassy in Beirut to escape a fire
Hundreds of people took part in a morning demonstration of Afghanistan's logman province and a second day of protest in that city
I mean, thank God that everything else in the world is under control and everybody is doing well
That they've got all this spare time to get all bent out of shape about some stupid-ass cartoon
Oh, you can't make fun of them of my hammered and you can't satirize the Quran here
Demonstrators shouted death to Denmark and death to France in your pants
And called for diplomats and soldiers from both countries to be kicked out of Afghanistan
What's about time to piss off at France?
Both France and Denmark sent troops to Afghanistan as part of international efforts in the U.S. like the so-called war on terror
They want to test our feelings, protest your Mawli Abdulkar, Abu Azharah told the BBC
Boy, got about 17 different names
They want to know whether Muslims are extremists or not
Death to them in the newspapers is there
They want to know as if we need like we need to test the waters on that I don't think so
In the port city of Osasso and the autonomous Somali region of Putland
Police shot dead one protest during three more war injured
Act demonstrators through stones and barricaded streets outside international aid agency buildings
Peaceful protest world and several other Somali towns
Like I said, you don't want to eat anything you don't want to buy products made in Denmark
Have a great time, okay?
This in 40 bucks will buy you like a half a cup of coffee and they root
That's it
But other than that, cut the crap already will you please?
All these get-scuse?
That's the problem with the world just like Alan Pickles had told me long time ago
That's the one problem with the world too many get-scuse man
Crazy get-scuse and again we apologize sincerely for the redundancy
Crap
But my god's better near God and I'm gonna get those seven virgins that have it
And your god's full of crap and that lake of fire. Oh geez
Wouldn't be nice if we could find like a plant where we get away
Maybe that new plant they just discovered is a place we can all go and get away from these crazy people
You mean the one on the other side of your agency?
Yeah
The one where they have no- and it says big sign there they said no get-scuse allowed
Wouldn't that be wonderful, huh? Oh yeah
That Curtis Davidson coming up into the South known as we continue with the revolving dough for moh
This is Neil Roger
Go go go go
This is 5162.8L
This is the Neil Roger show
This is your brain bowl
What?
Any questions?
Huh?
Did you want to move like a woman?
That's a good spike of woman
Did you want to move like a woman?
That's a good spike of woman
That means fire
Throwing out a buyout
The feeling is killing it
I'm scared of the guilt and yeah
So don't you make a pass now
I'm thinking about being a pretzels
That's a good spike of woman
That's a good spike of woman
That's a good spike of woman
Oh I have an help with this all
That's a good place for them by the way
Bahrain, excellent
Fitting like a rubber glove
And of course if it's full of a Schmidt
It will not fit
Two people died over the weekend that we might care about one of them anyway
If you want to see something really grotesque you must do it right now
Okay
Uh all the right I don't know where you'd find this
If you go on our website what thing did we have there?
Was it on Saturday yesterday about the Al Lewis and Betty Friedan?
I can google it
No no no I don't want you to google it
I want you to just check the stories on our website
And go back to the Betty Friedan one and see the picture
Oh my God
Wow
She didn't look like a day over 400
Anyway Al Lewis died grandpa
Grandpa Munster
Frequent guest on the Sternsrobe by the way
By the way you picking that up for free yet or what?
Huh?
Al Lewis the cigar chopping patriarch
Patriarch of the Monsters was work as a basketball scout
Restaurant, two in political candidate
NebriKlips is role is grandpa from the TV sitcom
That year after years of failing health
It was 95
Once the way they Toronto started it was 82
So in a 13 year mistake
Get it right A
Lewis with his wife at his bed
So I'm passed away friedan at his wife
He had a wife you know that was really shocking
Said Bernard White program director W.V.A.I.F.M. with actor hosted a weekly radio program
White made the announcement on the air during the Saturday slot where Lewis usually appeared
He won't be here today because he's dead
To say that will miss his generous cantankerous engaging spirit as a profound understatement
White said Lewis sporting a somewhat cheesy Dracula outfit
Became a pop culture icon playing the arrestable father-in-law to Fred Gwynns ever bumbling
Herman Munster I thought that was John Kerry
I'm the 64 to 66 TV show he was also one of the stars and other classic TV comedy playing officer Leo Schnauzer
I'm car 54 where are you a really really bad show
Really really bad
But Lewis's life off the small screen range far beyond his acting antics
A former bat a ball player at Thomas Jefferson High School
He achieved notoriety as a basketball talent scout
From it into coaching great slug jury Tarkin in and read our box
The operate is successful Gwynnitz village restaurant grandpa's where he was a regular presence
Chatting with customers posing for pictures and signing autographs
Just two years short of his 90th birthday a ponytail Lewis ran as the green party candidate against incumbent governor George Pataki
Lewis campaigned against draconian drug laws in the death penalty by going to court in the losing battle to have his name appear on the
Valves grandpa al Lewis he didn't win of course but did manage to collect more than 52,000 votes
Lewis was born Alexander Meister
Okay
You ready for that?
Why not?
He was a grandpa Meister
So I'm on his story what was this supposed to look at?
Ready for Dan?
The picture go back to the link
And hopefully the place where I got it from is one of the ones where I had the picture of her
No I got a picture ahead of me
Oh Jesus cave christ
I got CNN dot com
Oh man well yeah I don't want to spoil your lunch
John the baked is bringing you goodies later I don't want to spoil your appetite
I have seldom in my life seen anything like that I don't even know what it is
Lewis was born Alexander Meister and upstate in New York before his family moved to Brooklyn where the 6-1 team began a life long and love affair with basketball
He later became a volatile and circus performer but his career didn't take off until TV did the same
Lewis's office are schnauzer
Played opposite Fred Quinn's office are myriad Francis Moldun in car 54 where are you?
A comedy about a Bronx police precinct that aired from 61 to 63
A year later the duo appeared in the monsters taking a presence at the fictional 1313 Machinburg Lane
And but it's a book but it says Lewis really slowed down opening his restaurant hosting his WBA radio program
At one point during the 90s he was a frequent guest in the Howard Stern radio show
One set in the shock jock diving for the delay button by lending a leading in undeniably have seen Chan against the FCC
Now you like that our kind of guy now this is a Betty for Dan F.R.I.E. D.A.N. that I'm sorry
Oh my it's a it's a man maybe yeah every picture of her on the internet
In fact Al Lewis was a lot of their look and then she was good again
Wow from Bob and she was a lot more macho than Al too I believe
He also popped up in ever movies they shoot horses don't they married to the mob
In 2003 was hospitalized for an angioplasty complications during surgery led to emergency bypass
And the amputation is right leg below the knee and all the toes on his left foot. Oh geez
He spent the next month in a coma
Kind of like Perry coma a year later who is back offering his recollections of a similar pump fan of the DVD Ramones Raw
He survived by his wife and recently more grandchildren
And it goes around and Perry's dead still dead by the way and who would know the difference
And also over the weekend died a feminist author Betty for Dan 85 who finally we found out was a man
No wonder she was a feminist Betty for Dan who's manifesto the feminine mystique became a bestseller of the 60s
And they laid the groundwork for the modern feminist movement died Saturday she on her birthday
She was 85 see that my mother died on his birthday on an it's birthday and Betty for Dan on it's birthday
She was 85 she died at the home as home of a congestive heart failure
For a certain in 1960s he decided that having a husband and babies was not everything and that women should aspire to a separate identity as an individual was highly unusual of not revolutionary
Just after the baby and suburban booms of the eyes now era I like Kike
The feminine mystique she said was a phony bill of good society told the women that left him unfulfilled suffering from the problem that's known that the problem that has no name
And seeking a solution and tranquilizers and psychoanalysation
A woman's got to be able to say and not feel guilty who am I and what about one of their out of life who am I like Admiral Stockdale
She mustn't feel selfish and erotic if she wants goals of her own outside of her husband and children she said that both change women's lives
In racial political and sexual conflicts of the 60s and 70s for Dan was one of the most commanding voices and recognizable presences in the women's movement
I'm looking to picture great to have a movement of my own a very gigantic one wow take a puket that
I did wow I'm a nose or a shark fin five six seven oh five sixty did we add gothic on air for a we did gothic friend
And he he voted very good nice going may may Luke whatever your name was seven hundred and fifty four vote on there we're gonna make a thousand of
They during the show each or hard out Daniel bastard just just amazing him but talk about ego how many of those set up calls we get from over there
Well he's very entertaining and he's younger than him for them that old troll from Ohio you guys got it right your mama
WDQ way and hello hi good morning sir I am a movie warning for you I don't even think about spending Greg reads money to go see the family stone
Okay nothing I would it is awful really it's with Diane Keaton if you like to see her man deck to me scar
You might want to see it what's it all about oh it's about a family a dysfunctional family and
Changing partners is the two kids come home and they eventually change the am say it's the most if the dumbest thing and
And Sarah Jessica porkers that are too well that's all I need to know so how big is that scar?
Yeah
Yeah but it's not too long it's bad I just want to warn you about that one thanks for saving us the money pali thank you
Don't go see it folks okay save your money go out and pick up that video what's the movie a face in the crowd is that it?
I go out guy I saved the thing that the guy fact over the weekend when it's supposed to be like the pre cursor to network
Oh the four runner the five runner we read it down yeah a face in the crowd and I never went out and got it I didn't also didn't go out and give
Shinler's list I'm not going to watch in was less it's a June movie all right face in the crowd I remember I read you the review
It's said her in so on and oh it says just like Tim Robbins snide suit or documentary Bob Roberts both these pictures of almost as much
Contempt for the lemmings in the audience is for the manipulative monsters who heard them over the club that's guy like that because you know how much
Contempt we have for the nerds in the audience WQ a.m. Hello
Yes sir I want to know if anybody else is pissed off the way they hype up these stupid,
Superbowl commercials they're no different than any other commercial yeah I have a solution for that I don't want to watch them
Their dumbest can be yeah and then and then they pay two half million dollars the sponsors to air these stupid things because they
Hights the people up in the believe in they're going to be watch more and be it's all a bunch of bull crap
It's all a bunch of M.O.N.Y. baby it's all this stuff you know I'm not going to freaking know I don't know what I would drive like a Mac truck
Through some of the other
Find the first school bus and rear end it and they're
Alright have a good time
Yeah, the hell would this anger management stuff man we're getting pissed off we're going to start to you know see a car too
You don't like go shoot somebody burn a building down you hear a radio show that's boring you know go take a big dump in the middle of the street
People are getting really frustrated and angry you upset with the administration you're upset about them tapping your phone and opening your
Mail and trying to know what books you're reading and buying and stuff like that
Go pee on there along there in a white house. Yeah, that's that's right. It's on the picture
God
People are really and rightfully so because that's what it's all about now is selling the public a big bill of goods for a pile of
That's it. That's what the world's all about now just like this a raghead business. They're having a
The day to show they're disrespecting me well, you know something too freaking bad get a sense of humor lighting up a little bit of couple of shades
Anyway, and it's can cut the crap already any excuse that these people can find they're right away. Oh they're writing they're bringing people down
Because it's pathetic and every time they do stuff like this every time it's another bunch of
That all it does is reinforce the image that we're getting of people who have absolutely no respect for human life who are just
Crazed crazed and insane with his religious crap and anytime I see people getting down on the floor on a carpet and sticking their ass up in the air looks
Off to me. I don't know and rocking back and forth and they're doveting in the Orthodox Jews over at the wall with a big hats and all the schmattas on
It's the middle of July it's 140 degrees in the desert and then they gave over there and they're doveting and by
Ruchad thought they're
Schmacken or schmattas on the wall there. Oh God. They don't leave the Catholics out with the whips and shades. Oh that echoes what I've seen.
And I know the accoutrements that go along with us right blood baby. Oh man. The body of Christ. Oh give me a get out of here. Yeah you ought to see it now you already did see in that movie which one was it with no you that's in sleepers you
Haven't once it again. It's all sleepers. I haven't watched it again. No, no I understand but I'm just saying that the new was in their place the priest who lies on a witness stand.
They get all his buddies off and they come to church and he's sticking the wafer was a bread. I forget he was sticking something in bread.
It's the body of Christ. Oh yeah the body of Christ my ass where there's a world there's a way out there. Makinon poor Jesus again as somebody we know would say. Okay.
The blood of Christ the body. Oh stop already when you people stop it. Don't you want to say when you've been manipulated you've been brainwashed and you've been like through all these oh my God all these rituals all these
idiotic satanic rituals. You got to get that with some of the devil's got to be in their pantaloon. He's man. It's got to be nobody's seen nobody with a brain does all of the
stuff just because somebody told him to do it. God if somebody tried to go in the middle of the junior title cause way and take your pants down and do it again.
He dumped in the middle of the road when you do it probably probably if God told you to do it or if Jesus told you to do it or
certainly if my hammer told people to do it. Man what a crappy road that would turn into good. Golly miss Molly. What what is the hope man what have I told you for a long time it's got
nothing to do with being cynical or or negative or sour anything like that. It's just got to do with being realistic and it's not a very pretty picture man.
The human race is crazy about 75% of the human race is crazy. That a bed bug and the other 25% of the rest of us we have to suffer for it or home
for the same thing. We've been taking hostage that's right just like that Greg Cotex polar in a herald. It was hijacked by near Rogers and his audience his
far bison audience there Q. A. M. who won't let us have our phone over here and pretend that we got this big audience for that very hip and young
a goofball they got on the year. Most people hate like poison by the way. And then of course they also got the adjuice and the toast and etc.
Oh thank you for all the free publicity to promotion. Yeah and let me say it again the cocoa from the cocoa from chronic.
The chronic from cocoa beats next time you waste your time sending your face to us we wouldn't even wipe Greg reads ass with it.
How do you like that get out of our face go away and talk about neurotic Jesus one day just kissy kissy kissy.
Thank you I'll tell you one thing that keeps me going you know what what I'm serious because thank you we got at least one stable person in this
audience. There you go always keep that in mind when you're ready to give out you know throw in the towel give up the
ghost we always got that to fall back on 13 past 11 at 560 WQ a.m. when it comes to mattresses lot of gimmicks the latest
our sweep numbers otherwise known as air mattresses they're only warranted in full for two years they squeak they pop they can
lose their setting to the right and they cost a fortune if you really want a high quality brand name mattress that will
ask you for years and years and call our good friends at dollar mattress at 1 800 mattress when you call 1 800 mattress you'll get no
run around no show room shenanigans just factory direct prices on the best brands that you know trust and love when you call 1 800 mattress you can pick
from Florida's largest inventory of silly surda Simmons King coil temper ptick and stirons and foster you would already for same
day delivery at prices lower than the so called big name sheen stores even during the so called big sales call 1 800 mattress you can have the
bet you want delivered the date and time you want it in a two-hour delivery window that you choose so many people include a year's truly a
QMR satisfy customers and I guarantee you I'll bet you made a bells life on it that you will be to call today 1 800 mattress or log
under their website mattress dot com and do your shopping right there that's 1 800 MATTR ES leave off the last S because it stands for super
saving this is meal Roger this is 5 16 1 walk solid and it's Larry King and they don't come any better than meal Roger in 16 11 the Bible was
translated from the Latin into the King James Bible and now well over three centuries later books on tape presents the King James
Bible James recite the book of Genesis the story of Moses and the burning bush and the tower of battle
and the new testament to Lazarus raised from the day James sings from the book of Matthew and of course the book of James
all the most beloved Bible stories as only James could tell them the trail by due to back I want to just
play in the
James Bible
it's 11 18 how do you praise the Lord and pass the ammunition right right or just pass the plate and then pass the
ammunition but what's your very favorite organization outside of the U.S. government favorite organization
there's a clue oh boy the clearing war on milk is across unlike with many converts although it's a good idea by the way how is milk is not for humans I
realize it sounds off of you stupid but it's not for human beings remember the human beings nobody but me nobody but my
here so no well if you got it you really have the human beings and nobody but me yeah it's been used to probably
Commeni
no you know you know you know you know and no okay the carrying or I milk is a cause unlike that when many
converts on the other hand on the other hand the picked new body am getting drug and pulling their top off
as more or less guaranteed to hold a moment to be ridiculous 50% of the planet even I might take a quick
to look at that.
Peda.
That appears to be the logic behind the latest advertising campaign from people to the ethical
treatment of animals or better known as Peda.
The leaving US Animal Rights Campaign Organization.
A lavishly produced TV spot mimics the publicity for a sex politician video venture called
Girls Gone Wild.
Although we're coming out with our own called Getzki's Gone Wild, which I think really
epitomizes what's happening in the world today much better.
Good looking college girls go on the spring break and fly into the cameras.
But in the Peda version, the girls have otters instead of breasts which will soon start
leaking milk.
So this is the other version.
Got me peaked.
Using the slogan Milk On Wild, the adverts aren't so much shocking.
Well, this is in the independent UK.
So it's his adverts.
The adverts aren't so much shocking as laugh out loud ridiculous.
It's not clear what link has been made between the exhibition of college girls and we
supposed inequities of milk.
So the only visit to the Milk On Wild website interview.
In other words, the Peda people are even against milk.
I thought I explained it to you.
There are against any human interaction with any animal for any reason whatsoever including pets.
Even if you like pet your dog in the head that's bad.
No pets.
I had a dream last night about finding a little mint in sitting down at the side of my bed
looks just like tiny.
Ah, yeah.
What does that mean?
I mean, I'm going to get it to all of you.
I can't have a dog in my building.
Huh?
Just means you're remembering.
No, not at all.
No, this was a pleasant dream, I say.
Only a visit to Milk On Wild website and viewing of a short documentary narrated by
the actor, Alec Baldwin explains the case against the accompaniment to every kid's
bowl of breakfast cereal.
Alec Baldwin, uh-huh.
See?
Milk Peda says, is the product of an industry gone wilder which causes a separated from
their offspring only to be slaughtered for me once they've outlived their productivity.
That's what what they have them to have you do.
Just hang around and look cute.
I say.
Milk we're also told contains pus and animal feces and concrete received wisdom that says
it's calcium is good for your bones.
You might just as easily give you osteoporosis as preventive.
Don't be grinking no cow's milk or animals milk, okay?
This is probably not a message that Middle America is ready to hear at least not without
creating unfortunate backlash nor is it likely to be around TV in any major markets.
Peda offered to pay $2.2 million to ABC the Eric during last night's Super Bowl, but
got turned down on the grouse that the ad falls outside the boundaries of good taste.
Well, that anybody tastes that they can add those girls gone wild on there would have
gotten a much bigger tune in than the stones are guaranteed that.
Or can I get a hold of my commercial?
I want to see the legal call out.
Well, call out.
It says this was admittedly a disingenuous reason.
Previous Super Bowl ads have included a dog biting a man in the crotch, a flanchulent
horse and a number of pitches for erectile dysfunction remedies.
By now, crying foul about censorship is part and parcel of Peda's campaigning platform.
Peda.
The ad meanwhile remains freely available for anyone with access to a computer to watch.
You ready?
Uh-huh.
And the verdicts from iFilm, the online movie form currently hosting the clip, it's
utterly disgusting.
Uh, iFilm, it doesn't have the egg on the outside, but it is small i, capital F, iFilm.
That's fine.
Got it?
That's fine.
I think that commercial might be a remedy for erectile dysfunction.
Do you think so?
Can you have it?
I'll let you know.
Okay, guess he's gone wild.
I'll cut the nips.
Okay, we'll take a look and see if it's utterly disgusting or not.
Oh, I'll take you to something that's disgusting.
Interpol is issued an urgent global security alert after 23 dangerous individuals, including
the man identified as the mastermind of the attack on the USS Coral in 2000, escaped from
a Yemeni prison.
How do you like that?
We just can't do nothing right.
You know, the good guys, all the bad guys, you think they'd tell any corrections that
was running that prison?
That's for damn sure.
That would be a good place to send a county.
Punishment were a fate worth of death.
The international crime fighting organization said yesterday, at least 13 of the 23 who
escaped Friday, were convicted, Al Qaeda terrorists.
Some of them were involved in attacks on the U.S. and friendships in 2002.
They're doing a hell of a good job over there.
In where is it?
Yemen?
Yemen.
Oh, Yemen.
They're doing a good job.
The Yemenis.
Al Qaeda terrorists have been deemed a serious threat to the entire world community by the
UN Security Council by interpolling by a wide range of countries.
Interpol security general, a secretary general, Ron Noble said the statement.
They escaped by a 150 yard long tunnel dug by the prisoners and co-conservators outside.
Their escape cannot be considered an internal problem for Yemen alone is what it says.
It's not just an internal problem for Yemen.
Among the escapees, which have all off made by Dawi, considered the mastermind behind the
attack on the USS Coral in 2012-2000.
By Dawi was sentenced to death in September 2004 for plotting the attack.
Two suicide bombers blew up and were exposed to the well.
We know about that.
It's the attack killed 17 sailors wounded 39 others.
The FBI released a statement saying that information about the escape was currently coming
into government channels.
We're closely monitoring the situation, but it would put about also among these escapees
was Fawaz Yaha Al-Rabi, one of those responsible for attacking the French tanker Lindbergh in 2002.
The Lindbergh guys.
And he liked that.
All right.
And even keeping behind bars.
See the idea is if we're supposed to begin rid of these people's like to kill them right
on the spot and then we don't have to worry about them no more.
But no.
We're too busy tapping your mail and your emails and reading your mail and monitoring your
phone calls and checking your, whatever you're doing.
Checking your turl it.
5670560.
But that war on terror.
I know it's hard work, but it's really going well.
It's hard work.
If somebody's going to call Al-Qaeda, we want to know what to say.
There you go.
And if somebody calls Al-Golstein, then we're going to really come and drag your ass away.
Good thing I'm not talking to him no more.
Probably can't afford a phone anyway now, poor Al.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Yamaha.
Yamaha.
How are you?
Okay.
I've been to Mopinol this year against Harry.
Oh, here we go again with him.
And guess what?
That's his last attempt.
Trust me.
5670560.
Pound 560.
They've arrived in Singular Wiles line.
We've got only two or three that we do would like that.
But that's save you the aggravation.
We'll handle it.
We'll pass along the savings to the audience.
There's anything new going on there.
Yeah.
Come in to QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got no material.
Hello?
Yeah.
I got no material, man.
Well, that's new.
That's new for you.
These are good.
Good way to start to wake.
Well, they're all bent out of shape because they lost their bets on the Super Bowl
last night.
And did they cover it?
Did they not cover it?
They covered it.
They covered up my home room.
It's perfect, too, with like a tent.
He looked so just out of it there in the last several minutes of the game.
Like they kept showing him on the sideline.
Let's get out of here.
That's what he was saying to that mic.
You know, I kept covering it up with his playbook there.
Let's get out of here.
When did we get the brought worth for it?
Yeah, get the brought to the Abirab baby for my home room.
Your old cheese had these a feeding again, you know?
26 past 11 and 560 WQ.
And who is the fat?
Oh, God.
The bearers once had what was it?
Abe Gibran, fat short Jewish coach.
I mean, he waited.
He made the beast look like Minnie Mouse.
And of course, the bearers stunk during those days, too.
It's probably just the coincidence.
I haven't told you about dry concepts for about a hundred years now.
They've been cleaning the carpets in my home for well over 20 years and doing this
to a penniless, unbeatable job.
And I want you to take advantage of dry concepts maintenance contract and provide you with
a 10% discount on all of dry concepts, fantastic services, including their one of a kind of
carpet cleaning leather, drapery or handle rug cleaning, too.
Dry concepts also specialize in pet odor treatments, ceramic tile and grout cleaning, nitrous cleaning,
and lots more, too.
And during this month, during February, dry concepts has got a special offer for you
on a poultry cleaning.
Don't replace your furniture just because it's soiled.
Let dry concepts rejuvenate your furniture at a fraction of the cost of replacing a
repulsoring.
All of dry concept technicians are specially trained and certified to provide you with the best
service under the sun.
A dry concept you'll always get a written guaranteed price up front and professional
service.
No surprises, no scams at the end of the job.
So don't be fooled by the imitators.
You made a big investment with decorating your homes and outs time to protect that investment
by calling our friends that dry concepts do it today.
And they brought it to the Palm Beach's column tool free 1-800-248-5071 and don't forget
February's special on a poultry cleaning.
1-800-248-5071 around the web at dryconcepts.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
That's solid.
This is 5.16.28.
Hey!
A stench of palminor covers over this performance by the Dalton.
A weak long television event.
Huge money.
One question.
Do you need any people here?
Think you should take the deal.
Let's hear from you.
OK.
What's the deal again?
The deal is perfect.
No deal.
Fun in B.C.
But can't wait.
Who?
28th of Lunatua.
I saw the ad.
And?
It's fine.
And then it goes into this preachy kind of PETA stuff like where they're showing the cows,
being mills and PETA.
But the girls gone wild parody part of it?
Yeah.
That was pretty good.
It was OK.
Yeah.
It's my man moment.
There's milk all over the place and there's slime around the floor.
Don't check into graphing now.
Don't be getting too grand of a visibly monitored by all sorts of crazy going out there.
Oh, I don't know.
I just made that up.
Well, you know, we are.
How many QAM?
Hello.
QAM.
Hey, I'd like to talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil.
Yeah.
Can you hear me?
I hear you.
You hear me?
I'm not talking to Neil.
I'm talking to somebody else.
OK.
Whatever you say.
We can keep going around on this for a half an hour.
Still me.
Hey, Neil.
What you got?
Hey, Gibran is not a Jewish man.
He's a Turk.
Oh, like I said, some Shmata head.
Shmata head, exactly.
Hey, Gibran is a guy by the name of Nicky Ray up there in Toronto, kind of a pseudo entertainer.
No, never heard him.
Never heard of Johnny Ray.
Hey, buddy.
Listen, man, I got an...
I'm not talking to Martha Ray.
Hey, Martha Ray.
I'm not talking to Martha Ray.
Martha Ray.
Martha Ray.
OK.
I had a talent man.
He's got her teeth in there soaking still in the glass.
I got my insurance bill here in Boca yesterday, David Ford.
Up 65%.
Well, of course, that'll teach you to live there.
Can you tell me why they did that to us?
Because you live there.
OK, get smart.
Get out of there.
Like Don Adams would say if he were still with us, get smart.
They did it to you because they're going to stick it to you, man.
Because they're like, you imagine the amount of money that they're paying out and learning insurance claims.
See, insurance companies, they like to take your money and give you nothing back.
And then all of a sudden, they're going to pay a claim.
Oh, you pay.
This is what we had in mind.
It's supposed to be a one-way deal.
You know?
Never had one of those in one-way deal.
All the time.
You already have it.
That's right.
56670560, 560, and they've arrived in singular wireless lines.
Can I speak to Neil?
Hello, is it Neil?
No, it's not.
It's just a body double.
We'll have a job.
I'll pretend to be you from Neil.
WDQYM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Do you kill some time, Rich Denver Bay?
No.
Could I kill some time at a bridge standard bid?
No, is that good or what?
We're not at a good deal.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
I'm working with him.
You're magic swagger, Friggy.
You're magic swagger.
You're magic swagger.
You're magic swagger.
Thank you.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, I could kill some time.
Yeah, I could kill some time.
Yeah, I could kill some time.
Yeah, I could kill some time.
Yeah, I could kill some time.
Yeah, I could kill some time.
Yeah, I could kill some time.
Yeah, I could kill some time.
Yeah, I could kill some time.
Yeah, I could kill some time.
Yeah, I could kill some time.
Good morning.
When is he?
That movie you're talking about a face in the crowd.
That was a little great movie.
Yeah, I'm going to go get it today.
Andy Grin, I think that was one of the first movies he made.
Yeah, either that or that or that time for Sargent.
I'm not a big Andy Grinford fan, but I went on to hear
he did a good job in his movie.
He was really nice.
He was a porn-corn-down-home crap.
Yeah, but he was really an evil guy.
Good.
He's doing crazy at the end.
His name was once some roads in the movie.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks.
I'm going to get it today.
Thanks a lot.
There's another vote for a face in the crowd.
Excellent.
Okay.
I'm going to write that down.
Again, once on your right now, I got to his blue or bono.
Let's see, lots of roads.
Patricia Neal.
Who else?
I already did write that.
Walter Matha, Lee Remick.
Help keep the energy at high level and extraordinary support and cast.
Even when the stats are turned shrill and unpersuasive in the final real.
Well, that's okay.
I heard it is real.
That's what I heard.
And the ragheads ain't too happy about it either.
Let's go kill some Jews and let's go kill some Arabs and let's kill some, you know, atheist and whatever.
Even Mattel will hear what the piece is over this whole thing, you know?
God.
One thing about that, we don't have to have her or her retarded son on here anymore anyway.
Wow, he was really a piece of work.
838 votes.
Which of these vests describes you?
That's our poll today?
I'm going to go over a thousand probably by like, I don't know, what we just say, 12...
About third man?
Yeah, we're like one.
Okay.
Let's take up an office pool.
Let's kill some time.
Which of these vests describes you average 234?
I have no life.
149.
I have no life.
We know.
We've heard you.
Hot studs, 64.
Likely story.
You should live so long.
Fetch Slob 51.
Computer nerd 43.
Lazy turd 43.
Nurdenturd.
Is that like Turf and Surf?
Similar.
Euronic 40.
I'm a Fetch U 38.
Julio we got...
Stop third man.
Yeah.
Only 3.5%.
We got no Julio.
Well, you're a dreamite.
Just like me, because I'm a Julio.
I voted for something else that's more appropriate because that's the quiet one.
Yeah.
I never said all the Julio's were listening, just all the ones that speak English.
Oh, well, so we got 30.
That's it.
Redneck 24, old troll 22, young punk 16, racist 15.
That's half-charkly.
Closet case 12.
That's 20.
Who eating 12?
Well, that's right.
That's Julio's.
Wallflower 2, hateful bitch 12, 807, Gothic 2, and money-grabbing bitches went on there.
So we got bitches.
So women that you know will be voting soon.
1141, 19 till noon at QA.
And when you're shopping for shoes, you can save a lot of money and a lot of time by going to Brandy's
because they got what you'd be looking for and they got to their price you can't beat anywhere.
They carried every major brand of shoes, rockport, floor shine, echo, SAS,
Mephisto, new balance, all the top names, and Brandy's professional shoe fitters will always make sure
that you've got a perfect customized fitter your favorite comfort shoe.
Ask for Arnie when you go in and tell him that old Neil, we've been talking about Brandy's for years and years now.
The reason they're still around with the other guys are going is because Brandy's giving that unbeatable combination.
Comfort, style, fit, unbeatable value, and selection, what's not to like.
Brandy's shoes you'll find in the 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompat obi.
Brandy's open every day for you, Monday through Saturdays till 9 and even on Sunday till 5.
And this week is a great time to buy SAS shoes at Brandy's.
Take 20 to 40 bucks extra off the retail price of all great men's and women's styles at Brandy's.
So be sure to get into the store this week or do your shoe shopping on the prestigious website, Brandy's shoes.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QAF.
Sarah Farnay.
Live in Chicago.
Oprah.
I've been in television since I was 19 years old and I have never been in this position.
I feel good.
As you may have heard.
Excuse me, hello, Oprah.
Yes.
Yeah, this is Semen.
I'm calling in on your show from New York.
And I wanted to tell you that I have a IT too.
I know we've been together for several years, but I'm actually married to somebody else.
Oh no.
I'm really sorry.
But I gotta go.
Oh my god.
Oprah, I write to you on the label.
I know.
Of all people you think you could trust your gynecologist.
Why would you lie?
Oprah, you're a man.
Oh no.
I'm so sorry.
I, I, I, I, oh.
And you should get your prostate checked out.
We'll be right back.
1145.
I want to get that brand new liver from Oprah.
That's when I want you to just incase someday I need a spirit, you know?
I'm not going to get the spirit liver, yes?
In honor of PETA, I'm having a B.O. Parm Suck.
Ooh, having a baby cow.
All right.
Thanks to John DeBaker just came in and brought in some fantastic food, a real feast in
Jackson's animal.
I got me some chicken Alfredo with a garlic roll, but he brought in so much stuff.
Garlic roll is bigger than your head.
Yeah.
All right.
Excellent.
We got a little John DeBaker.
I love the bacon.
He loves us.
Pieces maybe?
Here we got five pieces.
Five pieces?
We got five pieces.
We got eight pieces.
We got eight pieces.
We got eight pieces.
That's what I'm saying.
You talk about bad timing.
Don't do it.
Please, somebody left too soon just before all that pizza came in.
Okay, we'll be sure and share with all the people we like in the building.
So in other words, Tommy can come in and that's about it.
What we do with everybody in the building, even there's so much food, even the people
we don't like can have things.
Even new people that hate us like boys and come on and get some pre-food, okay?
Come out of the studio and I'm out there so don't worry about it.
I'm not worried about it.
You can bad mouth us with your mouth and full of food.
We don't care.
No, that's right.
We don't care.
We're used to it.
We're a bunch of old hardasses anyway.
The teenagers suspected in a hatchet and gun attack inside New England gave bar and then
the killer by policeman died yesterday after being wounded in a shootout with Arkansas officers.
Authorities believe he also killed a female acquaintance he had picked up on rather than through West Virginia.
Investigators said high school dropout Jacob D. Roboda, 18 of New Bedford Mass, had dabbled in Nazism
and police in Massachusetts said the attack that injured three men won critically at the Puzzles Lounge on Thursday was I Hate Crime.
Wow, dabbled in Nazism sounds like your president.
I hate crime.
I was committing a hate crime against mankind, a lot of them.
After the New Bedford attack police say Roboda picked up Jennifer Reena Bailey, 33 at her home in Charleston, West Virginia.
Apparently she had a prior relationship with this guy and had been corresponding with him.
Other than that, we're still in the dark about that.
West Virginia State Police Sergeant CJ Ellison said yesterday on Saturday is Roboda and Bailey drove the gas bill gas bill.
You ever hear that?
I heard a ass bill but I never heard a gas bill Arkansas.
No, I ain't been to Arkansas.
Officer Jim Selle, I wonder if he's getting to Tom Sells.
Pulled him over in front of the brass door motel and restaurant for a traffic violation.
You know this is like a Ted Bundy thing, you know.
Remember that Volkswagen at Beetle he was driving?
That's right.
It was a Beetle.
Yeah, and he tried to like to do a little run and run and gun.
And they opened up the truck and said he must be a bad guy and he said, but I'm being Ted Bundy.
Roboda killed a 63 year old officer.
Arkansas State Police spokesman Bill Sadler said.
Roboda drove to Norfolk where his car hit several park vehicles to avoid a police berk and the open fire.
Police shot him twice in the head and Bailey was found dead in the car.
Twice in the head he was found dead.
Wall said Roboda killed her but Sadler said, but listen to said to the woman said that would be needed to confirm how she died.
She's dead, he's dead and cops dead.
So what happens, man?
We know crazy people.
I'm loose crazy people with guns.
That's the American effin white.
That's what it's all about.
Don't be messing with my guns because we love our gun.
We love the policy.
We love to squeeze it.
Right?
Absolutely.
And hang out with it.
Like Chuck Heston would have one under his pillow.
To protect the so his spanned expanse of his stolen.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 leave a rising singular wireless line.
Just killin some time before more that sports stuff comes along.
Talk about that Super Bowl last night.
And about them Steelers.
How about those Steelers?
Oh, yeah.
It was okay.
I'm glad they won though.
They've Seattle sucks.
The NFC sucks.
Let's face it.
Maybe a good team in the NFC, Josh.
How about those favorite books?
Like I said, they suck.
WNQAM.
Hello.
Neil, good morning.
Yes, sir.
I got a couple of questions for you and maybe a couple of points of interest.
First of all, I'm thinking about it.
Let's kill some good time with it.
Okay.
First of all, I think about taking a trip out to Canada this summer.
Yeah.
And I'm not going to ask you for restaurants and all that difficult stuff.
But is there Canada at the Eastern Airlines to fly up there?
There Canada is great.
Okay.
Well, I will definitely book my reservations then.
Also talking about movies earlier.
Did you ever get a chance to see Crash?
I knew somebody had recommended it.
No, George saw.
George said it was great.
Yeah, it was a very good movie.
Definitely worth a couple of two hours at the time.
And also for your poll, there's kind of a slightly sensitive area.
But I've been reading about and hearing about how good masturbation is.
Yeah, okay, great.
Yeah, it's a sensitive area.
56670560.
Pound 5.
He's been reading about how good it is.
Oh.
56670560.
Pound 5.
60 and he's Verizon's singular wireless line.
That is so cute, you know.
By the way, I'll give it to a chicken neck next time I see him.
Your car crash.
So next week you'll have that.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Well, I'll be dang.
Well, I'll look forward to it.
I've been saying a lot of times, but we'll be watching what's in the English list.
And what's that?
Shawshank.
Yeah.
Shawshank.
Yeah, Shawshank redemption and basement crowd.
And crash.
And smash mouth football and a whole bunch of stuff, man.
Five six, well, I'll tell you one thing.
These people are really slow on a Monday.
It must have been at Super Bowl last night.
They must have been drunk like Josh.
Must be all passed out and hungover.
Somebody QAAM, hello?
Yeah, Bush was first C-Hawks because he had five.
No, I know.
56670560.
Pound 5.
I'm going to go 60 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines.
Look at that.
Look at that phone.
Yeah, I know.
I'm not only going to do today's file, I'm going to go back and start doing previous days piles too.
How's that?
Excellent.
You know what I'm talking about?
Because I think I'm getting piles from this crowd already.
They've got absolutely, positively.
Absolutely.
Nothing.
So let's go back to that Wolfie's call.
What do you say?
Do it.
These can't be working, can they?
Huh?
Can these phones actually be working?
Or is this like a set-up deal?
I think it's Greg Cotex and probably hooked up with a phone company.
Just as a way of getting back.
Just don't take it to a personal Greg, okay?
Oh, we didn't expect to get so weird.
What is that all about?
We didn't expect to lose by so much.
I see.
My 75th order, I think we're expecting an embarrassing email.
You know, the greatest so badly.
Right.
Only putting four hosts on for our side, all of these things.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you going?
Okay.
I'm going to, Neil, let me ask something.
Maybe we have the chance for a ticket of this gallery times tenor.
And how they've been talking about all this Iraq war and how the United States has been in Iraq six months before even 9-11?
Yeah, and?
No, I was just wondering about that.
I don't hear too many people talking about it in Cal.
Yeah, I'm just going to worry about the Super Bowl, man.
You better get with it to whom people are talking about it.
You hear people talking about it?
It's not about what?
I don't know whatever he just said.
Give me a break.
What language is he speaking anyway?
No, Wolfie.
God.
Somebody QYM, hello.
I need a wife.
QYM, hello.
Hey, Neil, funny story about Wolfie.
I used to date the owner's granddaughter.
I used to pick a heart tomato quite a bit.
Yeah.
No.
You're just curious, man.
Five, that was the same guy.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, they have sex with Wolfie.
He must have some, maybe he got some bad monster balls there or some time.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, they pound five, six, they're the Verizon.
Let's see, this isn't even the day when you can just like plow right on through,
because there ain't nothing to plow.
Somebody QYM, hello.
Neil, God.
Yes, sir.
I got some great news for you.
Yes.
Remember pineapple face.
Get old, Wayne, I guess I got a conversation.
Remember, auto nation, you had a risk there was one that was top three accomplishments.
Yeah.
You noticed that disappeared from the face of the earth.
Really?
Because you got sued by carmacs for naming infringement.
Carmacs don't have a condo.
Excellent.
Well, that'll teach him to be mess with that pizza guy downtown.
Mr. Block, yeah.
What's his block?
That's right.
What goes your mind comes around when you ball hit a geek?
I have a good one, Neil.
And back to you.
Well, there's some good news, huh?
I did not know that.
And that inspires me to play that bit again, which I have in my area.
Just get this off a couple weeks ago, I was inspired.
I played 100 times, mate.
Is there?
Let me check.
All right.
You've got a lot of bucks in your rich.
Wayne, I think you sucked you son of a bitch.
Wayne, absolutely.
You made a lot of money by ripping off a space full of infans.
I think it's true that way down deep you'll always see a garbage man.
And now the marlins are in my place.
Wayne, I'd like to punch you right in a face.
Wayne, a lot of people want to.
You're a vomit at the mention of your name.
You take a team and move with it.
I know just why you do, you know.
We always get us growing with Wayne.
You really put us down in a dumps way.
You played us all for major league jumps.
Wayne, you're gonna sell the marlins and you will collect a pile of cash.
It's kind of strange that now somebody else is thinking of your trash.
You're a ball and a park mark head makes me sick.
Wayne, I'd like to give you a rastic kick.
Welcome.
Wayne, you're not deep brown.
Shut on the ship.
Definitely shows a lack of brains.
I don't care what you buy yourself.
You're way up with business else.
I wish that you were going to hell with.
I'm going to play.
Hey, Wayne, I say you go.
I guess what?
My psychic powers again.
I guess they just sat on TV only moments ago.
Oh, did they?
There you go.
And she would just stand in there.
Her Karate King's casket.
She said a biscuit of casket.
Where's my new liver?
Just stand in there.
You notice that?
No, I didn't.
A new video just did on CNN.
We see Oprah standing there like Oprah.
Standing there thinking about how much money she's going to lose because of that phony book.
Here's one from Steve who says I got a good one for your poll.
This is excellent.
Vanilla.
Hey, I talk with mine.
I've vanilla.
All right.
How about light brown?
Like, how about mocha?
Carabell.
No, how about mocha?
If we got like different flavors on it, we got chocolate and we got vanilla.
What about mocha?
For some of the brown people.
And a whole bunch of beaners listening out there.
You kidding me?
We do.
They're working in there.
And of course we do not have any rules in the range of what do you think they do while they're picking all at lettuce while they're picking it?
They're looking at the podcast.
That's it.
They're podding it.
They're casting it.
What are people like pods?
Just like in the excesses, they were casting it out.
Let's cast out the evil spirits from those getskies over there, man.
You notice how nobody's got nothing to say about any of that?
That's what really saves me.
That's what really kills me.
When the hell you people are going to wake up and sniff all the getkies out there, Jesus, God.
While the card tool was very, they were insulted.
Okay, well that's always a good excuse to start burning places down and killing people.
They were insulted and offended.
So the message is don't be insulting or ragheads, man, because they're going to come and get your ass.
Oh, boy.
Well, what's the reaction to razors?
Don't be making no sounds again.
If you want to know the reaction, call Joy.
She'll tell you.
874 votes.
Which of these best describes you?
I'm not going to read this whole list again.
What about the ones at the bottom there?
Money, graph, and bitch has still got two gothicks though.
Aren't you excited about that?
See, you're being that cramp, I am.
So let's see.
The worst song of all time.
Worst hit song.
Ha, ha, ha.
Oh, you're right.
That's going to kill some really good time.
They have to stay monthly.
I'm saying that three years on six.
He's five six, oh, Ryan.
Hey, hey.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to one hour on Q8M.
I'm driving on day long.
And sometimes it's on the horse.
I'm walking kind of funny.
I'm walking in a front saddle slope.
She made the only one long horse.
Like a broken back cowboy.
How did Parker tell me how to view back there?
Like a broken back cowboy.
There's a reason why chapter don't cover the day or the air.
I'm a homo on the ring that's where you're ferrying.
Like a broken back cow.
You see that the French six there were the face transplants.
You just go up before the media, right?
Reef on.
Oh, man.
That's what I'm saying.
Reef on.
What do you mean by that?
Call me bad.
Yeah.
Her face got torn off by a car.
I understand it.
Reef on.
Do it over again, Roodle.
New paint job.
Take it to Earl Shive.
Are they still in business, Earl Shive?
I haven't heard any ads for them in a long time.
You know I'm talking about the three dollar paint job for your expensive gelopy.
560560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560, 0560,
I love everything, I think I like my baby, that's right, how can it do? I can it is still here? Yes, a miss fine, you love it don't you? I like it, yeah, you don't miss the cesspool of the south at all. No, I sure don't, I feel like I've had another 40 years in my life. Oh, amen, I hear you brother, that's right. And here's what I say that mopey and gone. Thank you Jesus. Okay, bye bye babe. Go find your baby. Okay, there's the thing.
Oh lady, did I have none the savor, at least it was nice knowing she's still around in it. Sure, sure, I'll beat most of the calls we've had. Let's go sometime and talk about the pickles and wolfies. Well, you talk about somebody with an astragride. What's all this that guy's story? Talk about the pepper and sugar down the bakers. There you go. Oh, yeah, you got some good stuff to make a hot pepper, powerful pepper and sugar. Oh, bring tears to God's eyes. Beauty. Well, thanks to our good buddies at the John and Baker. Okay. They love us and we love them.
Yeah, and in the meantime, I'm sitting here eating nothing. I'm starving over here. All the sorry shouldn't be going on like this. Should I be able to smell the garlic through the mic? Hmm. Right. I can smell it all the way up here. I'm sweating garlic at this point. WQ. I am. Hello. Hey, what's up, Neil? Yes, sir. They told him about the shirt police couple weeks ago. I happened to go in the courtroom and I had a shirt that red, white chicken drive when you can smoke and fly and I was escorted out of the courtroom. Really? Oh, no. Yeah, they they they they.
They told me that I couldn't come back until I had the proper tire. Uh huh. So they are with them. Amen. Tell how would I am. Well said, partner. I did send him right over to church's chicken for everybody's humor with these days. Are they? Yeah. Everybody's got a star. Puss. Oh, look at that. The prophet. Muhammad is not a joke. Well, maybe the Ewe is not us. It's all the same. The of the prophet and in largely Buddhist Thailand. Perthestors held up banners and
black cards and angrily denounced the cartoon. Well, too bad. Go find a life. Yeah. I'll tell you one thing. It's a good thing they got everything else going so well for all these people that are. Shleppers and
starving and can't find a job or make a living. I guess they just have too much spare time on their hands. Running around with big signs. Oh, it's not okay to insult Islam. Why the hell not? Let me say it again. How come nobody's talking about the
grotesque cartoons that they show with the Israelis, all the Jews with the big noses and with the whatever they got the
mosa balls up their ears, whatever. That's okay. Put all the blood on their hands. But in the meantime, all right. It's the same old crap, man.
Our God is better than your God. And you're insulting me. You're, uh, yeah, you're not going along with a program. Man, too bad. Go to hell.
WQ I am. Hello. Yes. Uh, good afternoon. Good afternoon, sir.
Did you, uh, I didn't catch you. Did you see a movie crash?
No, you're just sending it to me. I'll be seeing it any minute. Okay. I think you enjoy. I was pretty much taken, taken
back by it. I thought it was pretty well done, but, um, also, like I mean, you know, well, anyway, I've been feeling
there. I can't spoke with you about a couple of weeks ago. And I felt bad. You took my call very, you didn't catch
it just at my call. I called you about, you know, when, you know, when the day comes, we all count there forever. And I just
want to get to know that a lot of people, you know, pay, you know, respects to you. I mean, it's, you know, this isn't the guy that was the
call about am I planning my funeral? When am I going to die? I wasn't sure. Yeah. I'm not ready yet. Okay. I mean, I'll go after somebody's calls. I'm thinking
about it, but I'm not ready yet. Yeah. I understand. I'm only getting plans. And like I told you, you'll be pushing up days. These
I'll still be on the year. Trust me. Yeah. I, you might be right on that one. Let me know where it's going to be. I'll come and
pay tribute to you. Okay. I'll give you a lot of puts some of that. I'll put some pansies on your tombstone. All right. Tell
George to put me on home. I'll give you my number. Okay. Zagre. Okay. Let us know. I've already got plenty for your
career. We're looking for the notice in the old bits. Okay. When you don't even have you taxidermied on your hands and
you use the coffee table. Really? On my hands and knees. Yes. What? I ain't no Muslim.
That's what you think. I'll put you on the carpet. I make sure you got a magic carpet in front of me.
They're at all times. I'm always close to Allah in the Muhammad and Muhammad Ali. Look, we're going to
and each my own and all these other geckos. Would have you. Moses and Solomon and Abraham Solomon and
the Irving Lipschitz and all these other great Americans. Because you use you as a flower base. Good.
Somebody Q. A. M. Hello. Janet Jackson's breath. I'm not ready. Think I'll be calling back about
Daffodil pickles again at Wolfies. The one I was calling earlier. Good. God. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Boy, you people
are really on top of it today. They don't want to overdo it now. They don't want to get too carried away
after we had our euphoric week last week. Stuck the other guys heading to Vaz with it without the pansies.
Well, we didn't mean to get it all weird. It was just for fun. Okay. Well, we had a lot of fun. I'm glad.
Our audience had a lot of fun. Everybody on this side had fun. Except, of course, the sports nerds. We don't
want to. We don't want to have any fun. What's it got to do with sports sports? Somebody Q. A. M. Hello.
Yes. You know, I want to honor black kids. Okay. Great. Somebody Q. A. M. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. All right. Sandy back for Joe Brian Harry Harrison. Jack Spectre. Dan Daniel.
Dean Mitchell Reed. Gary Steven. Johnny dark. Dean Anthony Ed Bauer. Ruth Ann Meyer. Dan Davis.
Okay. Great. Go back to Wolfies. 5 6 7 0 5 60. In fact, he probably had all those
the names on the wall. They're the celebrity room that everyone does. The celebrity room at Wolfies
on the beach. Huh? No. Do you never ate at Wolfies? I'll bet. No, I have not. Antisimantic.
Eat a pupper, Nick. Well, that's close enough. The Rascal House. The Rascal House. You've got both
ate at the Rascal House. That's right. Goes to show you. Bad taste. Oh, first Josh's favorite line.
Now, this is the one we've been waiting for to like spice it up. Line nine Q. A. M. Hello.
This is Rita Crosby. Hello. WQ. A. M. Hello. Antimil. Yep. And leaving this whole hole
like two weeks and you got to play a bit for me that I haven't heard a long time ago.
Yeah. Maybe I got a maybe I don't want to leave. I'll play again. We don't like it.
Farmers daughter. Okay. No problem. Thank you. That's going to do it. That'll send you off.
Okay. In that case, I don't get rid of it. No, that'll be twice.
On air. So you're there's her baby Lacheste junior man. You're attorney general.
All right. A little nasty looking Alberto V05. What a kind of little dome.
To fight this unconventional war while we're remaining open. And first of all, there
ain't no war going on. This is all made up. There's no war going on. Okay.
What are wars are between countries? So last time I checked, did you look through history?
That's right. Wars are between countries. What country are we talking about? Was it Iraq?
No. Huh? No. Was it Saudi Arabia? Maybe. For more likely. Now, now we'd be talking. If we
were fighting that kind of war, which we're not, we still got hooked up to two.
They're hooked up to the two. We're on the ass end of it. So don't give me the
sign. Now, that's the excuse for everything is where it perpetual war. Okay. So that's always
going to be the excuse for illegal wiretaps and illegal opening your mail and everything
else illegal that they're doing. Surveying your ass. Just absolutely unacceptable to what it is.
And they sit there, but it'd be better to move that about that they're debating it. The
bait this. What's your bull crap? And another dragon Jimmy Carter get out of mothballs. Man,
oh man, he don't look a day over the age of 200. When is somebody going to open up a mouth?
You know, besides Michael Moore and Cindy Sheehan. And of course, she opens up a mouth and right
away they don't like her teacher and they drag her ass off in handcuffs. And then they apologize.
Oh, well, we really overreacted. Yeah, right. When is it stopped? I apologize. Maybe when the
American collective IQ was like over 10, like a dozen. Like that. Oh, I understand.
They're very upset over there. They are making fun of their religion and you can't do that.
Why the hell not? In fact, I'm going to start eating. I don't even eat breakfast.
And instead of bacon, I have it a morning rest. I have it a cheese day in a show. We
remember just decide with the veins. Fasted shoes between, if I have to choose between
those schmata heads over there, whoever the hell they are and the veins, I'll take the great
veins. Anything. That's a good idea. I'll try the pulmonary in it for a great day. There you go.
They sure look. They sure look a hell of a lot more appealing and a lot
more fun. They're more like a friendlier than some of them ragheads when I bomb.
12 minutes passed, no, and like I said, there's a 7 load on every street court in Copenhagen.
And you can go to that Hans Christian Anderson, that little, uh, make believe tiny amusement park
with the little little apputions there. Oh, yeah. Oh, boy. You don't want to go there. It's kind of
boring. Thanks. Hey, whether you live near downtown Fort Lauderdale or not, I want to tell you
about a great restaurant that's worth the drive no matter where you live. And of course,
it's terror stake in Lauderdale House on the 17th Street Causeway I'll be talking about. You'll
find terror. She'll be there almost any given night greeting guests at her new 200 C restaurant
and lounge, proudly bringing East Coast residents to the same unique terror dining experience
that are to her Marco Island restaurant near perfect marks in the Zugat survey. I mean, who gets
perfect? They're about as close as you can get. And a wine spectator, a word of excellence,
wine list now boasting over 380 selections from the world's greatest wine regions. But of course,
I made a traction at terror stake in Lauderdale House. It's just what the name would suggest to you.
Juicy delicious steak and lobster and they do a fine job with everything on their menu from
Coneya confused lobster bisque to mom's classic crab cake selection of fresh seafood and chops as
well. Regarded by many people as the Peter Luger of the South, terror incorporates the family
recipes to complete the menu. Sausage and dressing are made fresh in-house every day and hand-selected
dry-aged short loins used to prepare their signature port of house for one, two, three, or four,
our serve cut away from the bone on a sizzling platter. And sweet and tender is the only way to
describe terrorist three to six-pound main lobster collection prepared steamed broder,
stuffed with lump crab meat or a fillet with a filet for the ultimate surf and turf.
And obviying stone crabs season terrors quickly becoming these stone crab house two,
don't have to fight that Miami traffic to get those jumbo sweeties. Make sure to reserve them
advance because they go fast at terrors. Domas terrors happy are of a Monday through Friday with
two for one special in your race or their complimentary wine tasting every Thursday from 530 to 730
when you stick around for dinner. Terror stake and lobster house at 1430, Southeast 17th
week cause in Fort Lauderdale call for reservations at 954-765-6202. That's 954-765-6202
or their website is terrorsstakenlobsstraffs.com. Don't forget what people start talking about
great stakes. Everybody's going to be raving about terrors stake and lobster house.
You pair. My fellow Americans, our budget will run a deficit that will never completely go away.
So my economic security plan can be summed up in one word. Evil. First, we will shut down business
401k and pension plans. There's more to do. If you aren't sure how to help, I've got a good place
to start doubling the tax rates and I thank you. Fellow citizens, we must party.
Party, Ted Kennedy.
Great job, W-2018. Here's a fact that is absolutely shocking and I think you want to
pound you the chronic from Cocoa Beach. The other one that I said all those things.
Yeah, I think I got my chronic confused as the other one that facts I got about the ratings
and that was definitely from somebody an ultra chronic. I'm sorry. Who also
sends us in and faxes all of them. In their case, I'm alternately sucking up or hostile because
I recognize that writing, man, where it says stop blaming the hurricane. I mean, that is so chronic
whoever that is from a Rosenin Rosenbite away PA. Somebody works there. We'll find out.
Anyway, getting back to the chronic from Cocoa Beach, lengthy, lengthy fax that says to George
Miss Bel Rodriguez, Neil Rogers, show WQA M from Russell, the chronic and Cocoa
Ray apparent confusion by the end. And then we just had the guy call, which says he wants to come
to my funeral. It's like an old home week in it. I don't know what it is.
The number. So he's definitely like a casket peddler. Oh, brother. I want to tell you a plot.
Talk about morbid, okay? Yeah. Why don't you just say just let us know when the day is, okay?
We'll give you like two seconds on a year, kill some time. Good morning, George. And then
interesting, he writes George Jorge with a jade, but then he up above with a G. Well, just in case
he's covered his bases. It's like some people that said, hey, I think the Seahawks are going to win
last night at Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh Seahawks. I'm ready to clarify a couple of things. I didn't
hear last Thursday show. And if not yet had time to download her from the archives and listen,
apparently sometime during that show, Neil had a fax from someone to Cocoa Beach, Florida.
That wasn't from Cocoa Beach. It was from Broward. It's where it was from.
Concerning the recent Harold Radio Wars pulls, which had really pissed them off.
No, it didn't piss me off. It was just chronic. Several times I'm frightened. Again, this morning he's
referred to the faxes coming from Cocoa Beach. The chronic and Cocoa are similar. And declaring he won't
accept any more faxes than that. Pretty, did I say that? I don't remember your face. What did I say that?
I just want to advise you one. I'm a lawyer who's listening to it and enjoyed Neil for over 20 years.
Two, I've spoken with you on the phone on several occasions when you were doing the show about
energy, politics, the environment, other things that have mutual interest. And have also sent
to show faxes using the name, the New York Geothermal Man or Georgia's Geothermal Man or someone.
You know that? I have my own Geothermal Man. Yes, I know he's talking about three. For the last five
years, I've sent the show an average of maybe two faxes a month from my winter home here in Cocoa,
Florida, invariably with positive content, ideas for clauses and yields and new contract with
Beasley, quotes from President Eisenhower, suggestions for polls you're running, signal reception
reports, music on historical trivia, answers to questions Neil raised about this part of Florida,
and all the faxes I jokingly refer to myself as the chronic in Cocoa. He also said a good
chocolate chip cookie recipe that he's not mentioning. Thanks, Pally. For I don't live in Cocoa Beach,
it's 12 miles east of here on the Atlantic Ocean and way too expensive for me. Hurricane
prone to I live humbly in the woods here in Cocoa. I have no connection whatsoever with any
hurricane rich pups who may be faxing you guys from over there. Five, I did not send Neil any faxes
on any subject over the last few weeks. I certainly didn't send you guys anything last week or ever
and connection with the Harold Radio Wars poll, the shows ratings versus the thick and race similar,
etc. I've had fun contributing to the show over many years. I'd like to continue to do so.
So if you will, please let Neil off the air that whatever fax you received last week or two late,
last week from up here was not from me. The chronic in Cocoa wants to keep faxing and calling in when
it makes sense to do so. Please don't let Neil erroneously blacklist or badmouth me because
somebody else's negative long distance cow pies, thanks George, signed Russell S, the chronic
in Cocoa. You apologize profusely for giving me that bum information. I apologize. Sorry,
Russ, George got all whipped through and I just had to run the body. He's going to take you seriously.
What? What you do? No, it was it was my bad. I saw it and I'm getting my chronic's
confused. Well, there's so many of them. It's not like the car is where you hear the voice and
you immediately, oh geez, not again. Like, great I was saying again, you know. But this,
you saw it, you saw it yourself. Yes, I saw it. I didn't make a connection of any sort.
Seeing that writing a billion times is always from Rosen and Rosen, PA, whoever it
hell works there. And it's in it's not a Cocoa beach. It's a show again. Russ, you're
on a big apology and send more cookies, please. Right? Right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and Andy,
we're not getting no facts from them because we know there's some chronic, some
demented soul out there that's all alternately they love us. They hate us. They can't make up their
mind, you know. And then usually with that venom, you can almost see them to page.
I heard. Yeah, if you touch it, if you squeeze the paper to a heart, it's hurting over here.
Yeah, the blood is like spurting in your head. Well, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
and Andy, pound 5, 60 and leave a rise in singular wireless lines. W-Q-A-N, hello.
Thank you. I'm going to get back to you.
I'm going to have all horses.
That one. That one. That one. That one.
Oh, okay. I'm doing it right now. Uh-huh. What do you say, George? Why?
How's sex with horses? No. And how can you make that out? How can you even understand what
Natalie was saying? Oh, I wasn't making it up. I didn't just get it already.
Oh, oh. You're having sex with it. You're just horseing around. That's right.
Couldn't understand you, Pellie. Get a real cell phone. Okay. They saw a real cheap like
it came out now. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and radio check if you could place it this guy.
pound 5, 60 and leave a rise in singular wireless line. W-Q-A-N, hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay.
So that one of few listeners out there that understand that you're showing,
that they've entertained me show. Okay? Yeah.
They're going to have few friends who we're talking about you.
Yeah. And if you're any of us possible, you'd be interested in doing a
I'm curious about this. Do you want to debate against Russian limboire on the view of the
politics in the United States? No. Wait a second. No.
No. There's Russia. No. Half of all, yeah. Yeah. Well, they already contacted him.
And he said he'd go to NACO TV against you anytime.
Yeah. I'm serious. I'm dead serious, Neil.
So what do I care? What am I going to debate? What's there to debate?
Because people like me, you know, I understand the entertainment show.
I believe in your politics. I really do. Yeah.
And the things you say. I mean, I don't know.
But you understand that those people, those that don't head, you're not going to
even don't confuse them with the facts, man. He just goes on and blows a lot of
smoke and BS and whatever he says, they got no mind of their own. It's like,
it's a religion. But you can't argue with religion, this man with
Getzkees. Have a great day. We want you to debate Russia, national
Taliban. Yeah. Right. Let the great politicians do it like
John Kerry and George W. Bush and Al Gore and all the other whims.
Jesus, it's a radio show. It's just a radio show. Nothing in the world is
going to change. Now we actually changed the Harold pool. We turned that around.
That it is insignificant as it was and believe me it was.
That's that's our limit. That's the extent of the impact we're going to have on
this radio show. I understand it. George understands it.
Josh Cortes gets it. The rest of the people in the building couldn't give a
crap less. And that's it. It's about time that some of you people after all
of these years, you began to understand it too. It's a
radio show. Take it or leave it. The price is right. You know,
and all these people, oh, it's all boring. Listen, the moment that you say that,
the people are saying, what a jackass. What a moron. Who's as somebody holding
you at gunpoint? If you don't like it, bye-bye. See ya.
Go find a life. Go out there and plan traffic. Go on. How they
to build a beach Boulevard. Bye, bye, bye. Yeah.
And Terstia Musceball is at 90 years old. It's on the drive it in sunrise
just get out of our face. But of course it's out of
Florida so that can't happen. We're unhappy and we want to share it with you.
You know, it's a place where people love to share. I hate it. Give me more.
Yeah. Misery loves company. That's the motto of South Florida, baby.
Misery loves company. And that's why you don't have mine.
That's why I don't want no part of it. No, thank you.
El Paso. Uh-oh. Fast moving for us. Fire in North
of San Diego. Something's on fire. Something is...
And it's all over your TV right now because it's very important.
We important, okay? Okay. Now the people that are getting all burned up and all
in buildings by these crazy raghats that are all pissed off at some Danish cartoon,
that of course, so that's another story. Because how dare you be
insulting anybody's religion. Even as ludicrous as it may be, which they all are.
Find out!
Yes.
And keep trying to carry you to get on top with this.
Yes.
In the morning.
In the morning.
My baby is mad.
In the morning.
In the morning.
Bring it in short.
Bring that in short.
Bring that in short.
Bring that in short.
Bring that in short.
I'll rather be my sweet, my story.
Glacier of fire, my children.
Next morning.
For the round of things.
Round of things.
Round of things.
Fast asleep.
I can't get more.
This is action.
And my age got no.
This is action.
For the try.
And a try.
And a try.
And a try.
I've got no.
I've got no.
I've got no.
I know.
It's on the ground.
But I guess.
I know.
I know.
It's on the ground.
But I guess.
I know.
I'm dying on the hear.
Good, Gali.
And I wasn't last year, Paul McCartney.
Guys.
Yes.
I mean, is that what we got stuck with now?
All the old toads.
Jesus.
We've got to be safe now.
That was not a question of safe.
Maybe they're like, if you put like Hillary Duff on there
for Christ's sake,
that they want to be safe.
In the dust, you might be like, what are your boobies or something?
That'd be something.
It does mean you didn't watch it last night.
They're trying to be safe.
Yeah.
Telling you, I made the mistake.
Sing about that.
Yeah, but even then they believed him out twice.
But he liked that.
They had choices.
Had her finger on it.
At any rate, though, we're just, I say, we, I'm tired of them.
I don't want to see them.
I don't want to know from them.
I don't want to smell them.
Their music was fine like, you know, 40 years ago.
Now go away.
Amsterdam, no talking signs have been pilfered.
If you can't beat him, join them.
It says the city of Amsterdam has begun selling recently introduced no talking signs to prevent the official ones from being stolen as collectors items they spoke to him.
Said Friday.
The signs were created as part of an experimental ban on smoking marijuana on the street in the barges is the bar.
I don't know what that is.
One of the city's poor neighborhoods, certainly not in the rest of the city, just in the poor neighborhood.
The measure was went into effect February 1 was intended was intended to reduce the loitering and petty crime.
On Wednesday, we placed the first sign and was gone by the next morning said,
Wim de Graf, we put up a new one Thursday and it was taken the same night as well.
That's when the idea came to us to just sell them.
The shine show two fingers holding a cone-shaped cigarette, a small white marijuana leave on blackback,
brought all enclosed within a red circle.
The city is selling them for 90 euros each around 110 bucks US and planted only at the proceeds to charity.
We're selling them in not much more than they cost of expect profits will be modest to Graf said,
but he added the city's already had many requests for the signs from outside the city.
marijuana is technically illegal in the Netherlands but police don't buy the prosecuting possession of small amounts.
It's like two, three hundred pounds.
It's openly sold in this amazing way of cafes known here for mystically as coffee shops.
People will smoke marijuana outside into barges when I don't know how you say that.
It's got a J which is silent.
Whiskey 50-year-old fine.
I don't know how you say that.
I just think it out.
In this joint, I know where the pipe is, the pipe.
The graphs of the signs can be ordered.
The signs can be ordered via their website.
Although it doesn't have what the website is.
Oh, it does have it.
Now everyone can have his own no-toking signs simply by ordering them through the city.
The site says in a tongue in cheek and you want to know what the website is? Maybe you're an older one.
I don't want to.
Why not? It's only a 60 bucks or 110 bucks.
I want the one that says toking.
www.barrsjes.mskidam.ml
Got it? Got it.
www.barrsjes.mskidam.ml
I want to have 110 bucks.
I want to tell you all these folks over there.
If we had any audience over there, if there were a bunch of staggy jackasses over university,
they ought to be putting them up in their dorm room.
If there were any dormitories, if there were any students, which there aren't.
One would think.
You talk about a phantom university man.
You can find you of them with both hands.
It just don't exist.
I found myself in the middle of it, but I don't remember how I got there.
5.670560, pound 560, they've arrived in Singular wireless line.
WKYM, hello.
Not there.
That was it. That was our last call.
The dial tone.
Not even a good one.
Sound like the underwater dial tone.
What is the story there, these people just all...
I just passed out from that game last night or that we had that phenomenal Monday.
What was it two weeks ago, where it was just wall to wall crazy call?
Yeah.
And now today, now this...
Today is like falling off a cliff.
Going over the edge of a cliff.
And then we get the guy calling back and wants to, you know, we can't wait to find out
when my funeral is going to be.
All these people want to come and honor.
Well, what kind of crap is that?
Just stay the hell away.
Leave me alone, okay?
Man, all these klingons.
They all want a PC of, believe me.
946 votes.
What did I tell you about one o'clock?
We'll have a thousand and I tell you that.
Yeah, you did.
That in 40 cents will buy you a phone call.
Very sparse today.
Very sparse gathering.
And that's cause all these people are in the bag from last night.
Plus a lot of them lost their ass, which will teach them about an NFC team.
The NFC sucks.
Come in to QAM, hello.
Can you go out and get a shot, your fellow?
Come in to QAM, hello.
Sounds like you crying out for me.
Yeah, WQAM, hello.
There is none to fight.
Yeah, these calls sounds good, too.
Maybe that's the reason for it.
We put the filter on it.
QAM, hello.
George, offer the challenge.
567, 0560.
Last call for calls and then I'm going to my panel and going ramen straight on through.
Because your performance today on the ass end of this show is the worst I've heard in years.
The ad, wouldn't you agree?
Oh, are you kidding me?
Not even close.
Good God.
This is like a train wreck here today.
I've put myself with a pen.
Holy crap, rat man.
Well, of course we don't have anything to build on the pool today.
And they're all through the, I guess they exhausted themselves last week with voting 500 times a piece on a Greg Kotechful and a hero.
They're fingers.
You see, that's it.
We had like our moments of glory there last week.
And now it's just all we got left is the old glory hole.
That's all we got left.
Just prophetic.
Somebody QAM, hello.
QAM.
Hey, I got nothing better.
Okay, good.
WQAM, hello.
Okay, all right along.
WQAM, hello.
All right.
All right.
Speaking.
Okay, paly.
Man, you're still going to finish all of the time.
Yeah, what?
Yeah.
Okay, good one.
WQAM, hello.
I knew it.
Yeah.
Hi, everyone.
And everybody's talking about the stones performance at hand.
Other than that, we had two people talk about it.
I said, I'm here another other station or whatever.
What are the other stations for for Christ's?
What kind of nonsense is that?
Hey, sometimes I'm a dumbass.
What can I tell you?
Exactly.
We'll cut it and get some help.
How about Naren Evels in the National Anthem?
Yeah.
And by the way, Mr. Kebler called and he wants his chip back.
Who?
WQAM, hello.
No, thank you.
Who don't know it?
No, it's reached the level now where it's so bad.
It's camp.
It's so bad that it's in there.
I know it's beyond camp.
No, you're right.
In fact, let's send them all there.
Camp would be funny.
This is a...
Let's send them all to camp.
How about Auschwitz?
Sounds good.
560-705-60.
Pound 5-60 in the Verizon.
Keep in common, baby.
By the dozen.
WQAM, hello.
Okay.
That was an inside job.
You hear that?
That's good.
That's coming from programming.
WQAM, hello.
George is a key effect.
WQAM, hello.
Something else.
All these cars are roll.
Okay.
Oh, it's bad.
Yours is gone.
David.
What time for that break?
Twenty to one.
This is Neil Roger.
This is 560-61-60.
What's all it?
This is 560-61-60.
This is 560-61-60.
This is 560-61-60.
This is 560-61-60.
This is 560-61-60.
This is 560-61-60.
This is 560-61-60.
This is 560-61-60.
This is 560-61-60.
Oh, I just couldn't.
Who's unlike a moron?
Yes and now.
Every time he sees it.
It's the way God wants it to be.
He wants to take the city and cover it in the streets.
Ray-Nay can tan.
Ray-Nay can tan.
Ray-Nay can tan.
Ray-Nay can tan because he wants to make new or leads to school.
Another chair, what people are saying.
We are black people.
His comments are the dumb.
Surely God is there.
He compares the vocals to a willy-wong-cabong.
Chocolate-naked-man.
Ray-Nay can tan.
Yes, Ray-Nay can tan.
Ray-Nay can tan because he wants to make a new or leads to school.
It's time for us to come together.
It's time for us to rebuild a new world as the one that should be.
Uptown or wherever they are.
This city will be chocolate.
A chocolate nuance.
You never take the blame.
For anything you say.
Chocolate at the end of the day.
That chocolate is some of the anger of one's others.
Ray-Nay can tan.
Ray-Nay can tan.
Ray-Nay can tan.
Ray-Nay can tan because he wants to make new or leads to school.
You can't have no all this no other way.
It wasn't made to all this.
It's your wooden.
Thank God for that.
1245 at you.
I just printed out these two poles on the worst top 40 hits song of all time.
I don't understand what we did.
Probably wasn't it until we took consecutive days.
And the lists are the same songs.
Just with different numbers.
Why would you do it?
We did.
I don't know.
I don't remember either.
Well, I'll be damned.
Well, it's possible, I guess.
We ran it for two days.
Well, that's a good idea.
That's right.
For like two months or a week.
And the end result was Macarena and Aiki Breaky are a flat-footed tie.
Oh, my God.
250 apiece.
So let's have a poll with those two.
And after that, feelings in your light of my life were tied with 93 apiece.
Yeah, I was going to vote for feelings.
I think I did before.
Morris Albert.
How about her, Balford?
How about you?
You sure had some brass.
You got feelings?
Feelings.
Oh, that's awful.
Morris Albert.
Oh, it's better than Albert the cat.
Was it Albert the cat or Morris the cat?
Morris.
You know that Larry Bocks once owned Morris the cat and is a very old age.
But I don't know how to say that.
Not Larry's.
Huh?
Well, a nice talk-o.
I could even hear it.
My friend Larry Bocks, that answers the phone.
Box.
He just a...
Yeah, he's got a guy.
Some old Gagey.
Oh, come on, Morris.
He's going to make my ludge come back at me.
Wow.
From John a Baker, by the way, which we thank him for refusing to work for me in a ton of great food.
Now, did you share what arrested the building all our dreams?
We arrested the building and people promised that you haven't seen it a long time.
Higher kingdom people came over here in eight.
Oh, across the street, I thought maybe you meant the starving guys down the street.
No, like we wanted to have Alan Brown.
He's starving.
Maybe we'll hold on this.
Yeah, a little...
Some of the special honor for them.
No, we've had some homeless people downstairs, but we didn't give them any.
Oh, well, I could be from across the street.
Which of these best describes you?
Average 257.
We got 900 and 74 votes.
We're going to have a thousand by the top of the R.
Write it down on your armpit.
Okay?
Have somebody write it down on your left cheek.
Wreck it.
That's it.
Average 257.
Run to the mill.
Yeah, you like that.
I have no life on it in the 70s.
I have no life on it.
And those are all the people we're talking to today.
Keep locked the street.
Keep you safe.
A hot stud 74, yeah, you should live so long.
Maybe four and the other 70 forget about it.
Fat slob 60, lazy turret 50, a computer nerd 49.
I'm a fat you 48, neurotic 42, a horio 40.
That's up to 4.1% aren't you proud?
Okay.
Old troll 28, redneck 28, racist 20, young punk 19, a closet case 16.
Screaming queen.
You're fair 14.
Wallflower 14, chocolate 13.
Anel 11, hateful bitch 11, vanilla 4, money grabbing bitch 3, gothic 2, and mocha
Solimente Uno, but there is one.
We got one mocha latte.
Probably some Vinarunner's lunch hour from down the Niranjya area.
I'm open a lot.
978, 22 more votes.
We'll have a thousand right on the money.
We're kicking ass.
We're kicking it the real ancient style these days.
How about the bust of shorts?
How's he doing?
Bling at it.
Does he do in the bling bling?
WQA am hello.
How you doing?
Yeah.
All right.
Hey, yeah, I know you're sick and tired of hearing about it.
Yes, I am.
Football.
But you ever know the bizarre calls in the game that are stupid calls?
Yeah, we'll call in front of the sports show and talk about all the bad calls in any of the games.
That's fair about that.
Yeah.
If anybody deserves to be almost didn't get that game because of bad calls was the Steelers
on two horrendous calls in that game where they almost let the colds back in or win the
damn game.
Because it looked to me like that game was fixed.
Like the fix was in.
5670560.
Tom.
And what would they have done?
I mean, I mean, nobody talks about that though.
What would they have done?
If Rochester's burger doesn't reach out and make that incredible last second tackleer and the
colds win that game based on, on evidence that was overturned the next day, oh, we made a bad mistake.
What would they have done the NFL?
They prestige his NFL.
It's a joke.
It's all a big joke.
And then the worst part of it is they got replayed and they look at the replay and they still get it wrong.
Remember that came Josh the guy looked at the replay for like about 10 minutes.
It's still got it wrong.
And came back and well.
I decided that he grabbed the other guy's ass and then he slipped the ball where the
mundo shined.
And so as a result, it's in the opposite ball.
It's incomplete.
And the next state of the league says, well, we apologize.
We made a bad mistake.
And the steering is one anyway.
Your mama.
It's a joke.
WQAM.
Hello.
Puzzle male.
Anybody talking about they found the oil off Cuba in the water in Cuba?
Really?
Well, we've got to get in there better hook up the old you better get in there fast.
Yeah, I wonder how Jeff Bush is going to pander this time or in the bushes.
They say there's a really huge deposit under there.
I bet there's a big deposit, yeah.
Up in Canada too.
Up in the sand.
They say there's a Fort McMurray or something out in the yard.
They have a lot of oil in the sand.
Moby-daw.
Well, you just wait, man.
When Canada invades America, then you'll see then you're going to see the stuff fly.
And in the liberate Cuba, I don't even have to be dead.
Oh, but of course the president told us that we're going to work feverishly now
on alternative sources of energy.
We're not going to depend on everybody's like, oh, yeah.
And it was standard with a straight face to or at least with that usual Alfredi Newman face anyway.
WQAM.
Hello.
It's a bad enough today for five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and they've arrived in a singular wireless line WQAM.
Hello.
Nail Smyreport.
Yes.
Did you give her a half in the catch Jimmy Kimmel live at Stupid Late Night Show?
I don't want to say Jimmy Kimmel.
Thank God.
Well, Regis Filbon was on a bad thing to go with.
Oh, no.
And Regis got him to sing a duet with him.
What's that old song?
Maybe it's cold outside or something?
It's big enough for a couple of years.
Yeah.
And at the end of the song, Regis kissed Jimmy Kimmel on the lips.
Oh, my God.
Wow.
That's, I don't know what's his worth kissing Regis or kissing Jimmy.
Yeah.
Well, after all his years with Kathy Lee may have turned Regis in the other direction.
You know what?
I don't get it.
Is there something there we don't know about?
Well, maybe he's not getting.
Maybe that's what that was all about.
Five six seven oh five sixty.
We just just turned 110, but he's had him a man.
He's staying on it.
He thinks his lead's in a fan who are going to keep him on that show until he croaks.
I mean, I like Regis.
He's okay, but let's face it.
There's another guy.
Yeah.
He's a minimal.
I mean, a minimal amount of telling.
I always talking to his teeth.
You know, like this guy.
Yeah.
I felt like Eric Reed there.
The guy.
Well, let me ask Joshua question.
I'm looking now and I heard that promo.
The promo heard the promo.
And I looked at that sheet there and it says Hank on Wednesday.
The heat show at 830 with Randy Fund, PFU and D.
That's right.
What happened to Ira?
Am I going to get, am I going to get blamed now for chasing Ira off to station?
Or what's that all about?
Who the hell is Randy for fund?
Who is he?
We don't know.
He's a guy.
I don't know his title, but what is it?
He's part of the organization.
He's part of the organization.
He's part of the organization.
He's part of the organization.
I'm sure Ira what will be on, you know.
Oh, I'll scare you.
See, I was hard on this.
Does that the deal fund that needs some funds?
Oh, I see.
Of course, he's on the payroll.
It would be just like the thing that Greg Cotex would be like,
if we had Ira Windbag in the Sunsino, do the same kind of a pull.
What would the credibility be?
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, it's just for fun.
Come on now.
But we didn't want that.
Now, what was the word he used?
Weirdly.
Yeah, we didn't expect to turn all weird and all that.
And the other guys to wind by 7000 some votes.
Too bad, Greg.
You idiot.
By the way, he's been, he's the GM of the heat.
The general mangle of the heat.
That's right.
Didn't they just get beat by a girl's team the other night?
They lost, uh, that's it.
They're the nets.
Jesus Christ.
They're the, they're the, like the Leafs losing to washing into the calves.
5, 6, 7, let's do some hockey talk.
We love the pants.
Oh, the cops are on the, yeah, hockey talk.
I was thinking about that yesterday.
I, in fact, I was in the shower this morning thinking about it.
And I thought to myself, and it presents, and see, it's your fault because you should have talked me out of it.
You should, you should, yes, you should have screamed bloody murder and said, you've got to stop doing this.
Hey, you wouldn't listen to me.
I know, you're right.
And by the way, I didn't have an opinion of my own even though I thought it was boring.
No, the audience was, but they were, nothing like writing.
Nothing like you ever did got such a rage.
You know, I don't know something about human nature speaking to that about writing.
Now, I'm sure you've seen the pictures on your screen there, the people in, you know, I don't, I don't deny them because Pittsburgh ain't got much anyway.
You know, Pittsburgh sucks.
But there, you know, celebrating the streets there, like thousands and thousands and thousands of people in Pittsburgh running around screaming, carrying on because the students were in a Super Bowl, okay?
All right.
Father, what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
Now, if you were to ask the same people to go out and demonstrate because there are thousands of innocent people dying in Iraq and because the government's in the war and in the legal occupation of a sovereign country, how many of those people do you think would have gone out there and demonstrated?
See what I'm saying?
So thank God the American people really got their priorities in order.
All right.
If it's about some kind of a stupid-ass ball game, hey, we won.
We're the best.
Yeah, all this other crap, you know?
And they got the terrible towels out there and they're all carrying on like, like, like, a Myron Coup and heat, you know?
Like, Bill Curry with his bow tie and Bob Kuzma.
How do I remember those people from Katie K.A.?
Those were the days, baby.
Katie K.A.
1256.
Let's talk for about 10 minutes about John the Baker show.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
We were two locations for you.
Must be just the coincidence.
You know?
US representative Bernie Sanders was taken away from our hospital yesterday.
Well, well.
After collapsing at a service for a soldier killed in Iraq.
Sanders the state's only congressman was taken Northwestern Medical Center in St. Olvins after failing ill something afternoon.
At a memorial in the nearby town of Richford said Valerie Martell, a nursing supervisor at the hospital.
I wonder if she's came to Valerie Burton Ellie.
Sanders' chief of staff Jeff Weaver said Sanders was being checked for flu symptoms and dehydration.
Sanders' wife has been fighting the flu in recent days.
It's just a little flu, you know?
Like, remember Jack Ruby was in jail.
He got like a little flu and it turned into cancer and he died in about five minutes.
And I, of course, Dorothy and Kilgown only had that car crash.
The congressman was attending the funeral of Sergeant Joshua Johnson, a Vermont National Guard member killed in Western Iraq in January.
Richard Mercy, the commander of the American Legion Post in Richford said the service was held at a critical time.
He was in the credit of high school gymnasium and witnesses reported that Sanders got up to leave the stage before falling ill.
It was hot in there and somebody sitting near him, one of the other politicians said he was sweating.
It just got to be a coincidence. It's not that he's going to be the one getting the resolution to impeach the president.
Yeah.
Johnson, a 99 graduate of the high school was a member of the Third Battalion, 170 Second Infantry Regiment based in Jericho, Vermont.
He was killed in a rocket attack near the Western Iraq City of Ramadi, January 25.
Mercy said the service continued after Sanders was taken to hospital.
Sanders, a long time socialist, his whole Vermont soul, how seed is independent since 1990.
We've said the congressman walked to an ambulance. It was expected reason to misguidule this week, including making campaign stuff.
And it's bid for the U.S. Senate seat now held by independent James Geffords, who's retiring.
Good guy, Bernie Sanders. Let's say a little brokha for him, okay?
I will talk to all of you.
Good, good, good, good.
You'll be all right.
That did.
Just watch it.
Joyce is monitoring all that Yiddish now, you've ever watched.
Yeah, right. She's on to you.
We're gonna have to call him, man. I'm telling you, there is something in the year today.
There is something that's just shocking. Not that I need them, but it just...
Aren't you amazed?
It's kind of funny, although it is Monday.
Not a Monday like any other, I'll tell you that.
And although that 50-page facet that we got from our friend, the Acronic and Toco, that kind of like spiced it up for me.
And then the guy again, who way I was waiting for the invitation to my funeral?
He has a casket for you.
Yeah, it's just gonna task him.
He wants to know me the casket.
Thousand and fourteen votes.
Take a pubic at that.
Huh? Are you impressed or what?
Thousand fourteen old bean.
We got one mocha person in Tugathek and four money grabbing bitches.
I'm not gonna read the whole result.
Two ponderous.
All the leading of the category other than averages...
I have no life.
So that's your explain a lot to you about these calls that I...
That's our crowd.
The lifeless.
WKYM, hello.
Will.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, don't worry to call you just to say thank you very much for the caholies at U.M.
Nice fake voice.
Mm-hmm.
No, I'm serious.
You got a really good show and you're very...
Yeah, okay.
How long have you been working on this accident?
Is this the standalone from last week?
The Lifeguard accident?
Ha-ha-ha-ha.
I'm not a...
Like I said,
just thank God.
You know, all those boring stories you...
I got news for if I didn't have this pile, I had to go every day through like 10,000 of these calls.
Man, oh man.
I think then I could look up to that guy's wish.
I could...
I could announce the date for my funeral.
I could about two weeks.
A Tisket a Tasket.
Bring out that casket, man.
Have a look at an open casket.
And people come by and like spit on it.
You know, that's how photo for you.
Although we don't want to make those spitting sounds.
So do I.
I'm a professor at the Ernstsand.
Two.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Come on.
Let's play that and then we'll follow with the original condolenza.
Let's go.
Come on.
Let's have some colonies on his feet.
I'll reach the soil myself.
Okay.
What do you really?
Yeah, what?
Well, let's see.
He promised you I'd keep an eye on it.
I got the candle ready.
Okay, man.
Here we go.
Oh.
What?
You're healthy.
What do you think?
Hold the soil.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
K-E-K.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
We're following the original condolenza.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
A couple things.
I worked for a fresh pasta company.
We've been fortunate up in Italy right now.
I'm delivering three cases of
Aceago cheese, brand name,
Vito and the Lini.
And I got a good idea if we want to uphold the worst inventions of the last 25 years.
Start to list off with car alarms.
Okay, fast-powering.
Okay, pretty weak.
Vito and the Lini.
Mind you, mind you.
Yeah.
He's a simple,
Vito and the Lini.
He's going to be afraid of him.
He's simple.
Yeah.
5670560.
Pound 560 on the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah.
Want to say how to nail?
Yeah, you're speaking on.
Oh, hey, now.
Listen.
What that cap's going to have to bear you face down to your face to your friends' recognize.
Yeah.
Wow, new in front.
Yeah.
Excellent.
Welcome.
5670560.
Pound 560 on the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
And I hit just, keep on cutting, baby.
We're not going to stop now, man.
When we come back,
50,000 calls in a row.
Woo.
Oh, no, I got,
I got some really heavy duty stuff in my pile here.
Like, man, down's 173 chicken wings to win contest.
Joey Chestnut.
Really?
That's ridiculous.
What?
Because we know it may be ridiculous,
but happens to be true.
I may have to stick that one in there just before we get back to our 50,000 phone calls.
Because for the Super Bowl,
we ordered 200 and I had like eight people on them, didn't you finish it?
Yeah.
Well, he ate 173.
Yeah.
Joey Chestnut, who's roasting on an open fire right now.
That can cool.
So he built one out or what?
Oh.
He was metal.
Very metal.
I'm telling you another one, you know that discousen,
but it was old time TV clips on it.
Yeah.
You know how Jackie Gleason was chained smoking on the ear?
That's right.
And Gary Moore.
A lot of those people on there.
They were always chained smoking on the ear.
And of course, they're all,
every one of them dead now.
All the people who used to smoke on the ear,
they're all dead.
Quasim.
D-E-D.
Dead.
No, it's not a coincidence.
Toughen on too many of them,
faggots, man.
And now they're all dead.
No, the promo that Jackie Gleason was doing for whatever the hell was.
Toughen away and toughen away.
And then they had Arthur God for you,
open up that oven,
and they had a whole bunch of Jews in there.
You see that?
It didn't.
Yeah.
You didn't look close enough.
Holly Loki opened it up,
and there was a whole bunch of Jews in there.
Oh.
113 at 560.
What an anti-Semitic Jack as he was.
How way yeah, how way yeah, how way.
And I'm sure you watched that, right?
I did.
He looked like, not only not,
he looked like,
how did he do it on a bad day?
Well, he looked like quite the ass.
Oh, he was.
He exuded it.
Yeah.
He was a major ass.
And a virulent anti-Semitic.
That's why the people on the beach like him so much,
maybe because he's dead.
He wasn't even a half ass for what I could tell.
Hey, if you're in a dead end,
and he fired,
wow, Julius La Rosa on the air, right?
Did you know that story?
Book of Brian told me all about it.
He fired up on the air on a live show.
Yeah.
Well, you know, it's time for you to move on,
and but it's just unbelievable.
Julius La Rosa, well,
he's probably still alive.
Do a Google on that.
Julius La Rosa.
Boy, can he sing or what?
No.
If you're in a dead end job like Julius La Rosa,
if you're underpaid,
if you knew your resolution,
if he gets you out of that dead end job,
if he gets you out of your right
and gets you a real piece of work,
call Fast Train right now at 866 Fast Train.
They get you trained already
for a great new high-paying career,
and a life that goes along with having
some cash in just a few short months.
That's right.
The demand for medical coding specialist
and computer professionals right now
is at an all-time high.
Still alive.
Fast Train offers, have I got you a pardon?
Still alive.
Julius La Rosa, still alive.
How do you like that?
How do they're God-free?
He's pushing up pansies.
And Julius La Rosa is still alive.
Fast Train offers convenient day,
evening and weekend classes.
Job placement assistance financially
for people to qualify.
Pick up that phone and call,
Fast Train, toll free at 1-866-FAST-Train.
They placed over 100 people just like you in 2005.
Check Fast Train on the web at fastrain.com
but act now in order to get that new high-paying career
because classes are filling up mighty fast.
Don't miss that train of opportunity this year.
Hop on it.
Call 1-866-FAST-Train to make your news
resolution to get a life a reality this year.
You can get off of that list there.
It says, I have no life.
I have no life.
By getting a big career and a big paycheck.
1-866-FAST-Train.
And speaking of life,
let's be sure until the time that I'd wreck
to order you to call.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5-60-Q-A-F.
Bulls.
I'm a Sunday ground kid.
They found a track too high.
Then they made a stroke down and pulled it back.
It all over decades and burdens.
Should I be re-tunned?
It's a violation of the Geneva Convention.
I don't think my sea red.
Pulling bad words, not trial-dated.
You said, have been booed on his chest.
Now, if one of someone he was unjust.
Now, if he was a liar,
now with no influence.
I just feel like I've seen anything.
And it's been a bad moment.
Finally, I need so much done here.
We should start to genocide.
Till we do things, don't be biased.
Maybe we'll find any courage.
And take this from her.
We need a leave.
Till we do things that you and I.
And now, man, Mr. Dinyo.
Welcome.
I'm Jim Powell.
It's Dan, they're killin' them.
Twenty after one and five, six, you know what I mean?
Don't be picking on our good buddy, Ron Jeremy, okay?
Why not?
Well, I just thought I'd say it.
Like I said, go ahead and pick on Ron Jeremy.
Tell the crack.
Man down, by the way, you might want to have a duck
or somebody who fasts me the menu from John the Baker
because of a piece of copy.
Do we have a copy in here?
We don't copy.
We might have a copy in here.
Let me look around.
Well, good.
Like I said, fast me that,
because I want to do a really great job for them.
Because they got the great food and they're nice to us.
And we like them and they like us.
And we want to make sure duck makes a lot of money
so they don't mind a soup kitchen line.
It's not a good piece of copy.
But anyway, man down's 173 chicken wings to win contest.
And Josh, don't believe it.
There's a picture of the guy here.
He actually looks human, you know, like a guy.
Yeah, is he like a fat guy?
No.
Okay.
A twenty-year-old from San Jose, California.
Joey Chestnut.
One, the wing bowl on Friday by setting a new record at the annual chicken wing eating contest.
He ate Joey Chestnut ate 173 wings to take the title in top prize.
A 2006 Suzuki Grand Viterra.
As usual, the 14th annual wing bowl was replete with thousands of beer crazed fans.
Piles of saucy wings.
Doesn't this scantily clad wing gets?
Many of them strippers and several sick and contestants.
This year's version of the contest sponsored by Sports Talk Station, WIP and Philadelphia.
Well, that's not our station.
Is it the one at the Beasley Zone?
I don't know.
Sounds like the whip.
Including only competitors would never be for a competed in the wing bowl.
Chestnut qualified for the sold-out event by downing a gallon of milk in 41 seconds.
A gallon.
He does going to be upset about that.
You know how much a gallon is?
I know how much a gallon is.
It's a gallon.
It's a lie.
Wait, that's impossible.
Let me say it again.
Okay, are you still getting that the associate depressed lies?
Mr. Hot Shot?
Yes, I am.
Why are you full of crap?
I shot to the AMP and they tell it like it is.
You can't drink a gallon of milk in one hour.
He'd like to.
I feel thrilled.
41 seconds.
Well, he threw up that.
Well, it doesn't say whether he pooped it up or not.
Maybe he drank twice.
I don't know.
He said it's twice as nice.
He said milk is better than second time around.
Anyway, he ate 173 chicken wings.
And he's on here.
He's got the big crown on his head.
Wing bowl 14 or whatever it says there.
And he looks like he's almost in his right mind.
Almost being the opposite.
You know, that's pathetic.
In fact, you got that chomp chomp thing there.
All these different counter.
Well, what is that all about?
Everybody's complaining.
Everybody's a fat as a pig and we're dying.
Everybody's got diabetes.
And the meantime, it's like we admire people who are for their
bakery for being fat slums.
Yeah, I'll describe that fat slum yet, but he's working on it.
It's a professional sport with a league.
They're called gergitators.
Eyes on it.
Yeah.
Who did more?
Who did more?
The massive eating.
Right.
I guarantee you, the moment I would have been there today, he'd have been, he'd have been your best friend.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
You kept inviting him.
I got all those other pictures with him from John the Baker.
I offered him a couple times.
Yeah.
And.
No, no taking.
No dice.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty, and they've arrived in singularly.
Let's wind these up and crank him through right till two.
What do you say?
Crank him through till two.
All right.
We'll start blowing the dispense with the commercials with everything, with the promos, with those long
rejoins that go on for about five minutes.
You know, you ought to go in a hallway if Terence ever shows up and he'll be in just be the sonata of him.
No.
There's damn rejoins that go on.
I mean, at one that we had there before, it's like a whole damn, why not just replay the whole show.
We have important things to promote.
Jesus, Kate, Christ, man, him too.
Look at that.
Get ready to crank up these calls.
They are not on the board.
Get it out.
We got a thousand some votes on the pool.
That's where they're all busy.
1036.
Which of these best describes you?
Average 270.
I have no life 180.
Hot stud 79.
Fat slav 65.
And I guarantee you the true number will be a lot more than that.
Lazy 351.
I'm a fat you 51.
That's me.
Computer nerf 50.
Narotic 45.
Cleary 043.
Redneck 31.
Or of troll 29.
Racist 22.
Young punk 20.
Closet case 19.
Chocolate 15.
Screaming queen.
Screamer.
Flamer 14.
Wallswater 14.
Anel 12.
Hateful bitch 12.
Vanilla 6.
Money grabbing bitch 4.
Gothic 3.
And Mokas Sultima Duno of 1036.
We got to work on that Moka audience slot.
Anything?
Okay.
WM Hello.
Fake Eddie.
WM Hello.
Fake Eddie.
Yeah, you doing that?
Okay.
And a new fresh idea for a pool.
What about sexy seniors?
Yeah.
WM Hello.
WM Hello.
WM Hello.
WM Hello.
WM Hello.
WM Hello.
But did you qualify a fairly hot topic?
As it means not aware that normal people pay 1000  52% of the remainder of the bench.
Know the way they do it?
This is the first time you're playing on the floor.
Even to the floor goes excited party.
And water is hisIt's a.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 6
Why do I do that the only reason I do that is it's chicken neck. That's the only reason I do it
Oh, he loves it. He rolls it. I know it. It's all for him all for all for him
Yeah, he can he can gobble up all the old trolls from TV
Actually, that thing you sent me was pretty boring
Yeah, I said the classic TV. It was Arthur Godfrey
I don't have a lot of team before Boca Braille isn't the only one to sit together because I don't know for many of those people
I mean Robert Kulou is so it would have been good for about you know 30 seconds, but it was under like forever
And he was he was sitting on the floor doing a spot from a zoro oil while it was there like a message in that
I don't know Jesus
Gold-climbed TV. What were they thinking?
Yeah, and then he adds for the Westing House, which like I told you Westing House was one of the worst sets
That's the first TV we ever had was a Westing House and it was most of the time Westing
I like the line that it has every tube required
Yeah, we're not
In other words, it's not missing a couple of tubes that need stopper actually actually get a picture on it
And that crap about no vertical or horizontal enough if it didn't have we'd never watch TV right because the horizontal hold on ours was
perpetually out of the TV repairman practically moved into the house
Westing House. It was a piece of crap, but then again
Maybe that's why they're on a business. Are they still in business Westing House?
I think that's right sure
They used to own all those radio stations or WBZ and they almost bought WINZ once upon a time. Wow. How soon they forget
WQAM. Hello
Daniel, how are you today? Okay, sir?
I don't know if you anybody already mentioned it on the show today, but I heard from a very reliable source
The last house will be closing its doors sometime around June
No, not the one in North Miami Beach. Oh, yeah, and
I'll be sharing that with them. They're gonna build what do you think a condominium of course? Well, thank God for that that place has been there way too long
Since 1954 will be calling was the original like I said way too long
I still think the food's great. Yeah, but the prices are way too high. Okay. Well, listen
We'll find a real good diner for you by the way the last time I got called with this I called them and they said that was completely bogus
What it now?
In other words, he don't like paying so much so they're not going to close it up and doing grass gloss isn't closing this guy's a liar and no jump
Provocator just a troublemaker
The one in bulk is closed and you know who probably stole the walls rolls there
So I'm one of those things after close up is because the old old
trolls come in
And they like still everything they steal the silver where they steal the sweet and low
There's the menu for a john the baker. Thank you very much
What a great menu they got all that baby cow veal scale of eating veal catch a great veal cutlet sausage and peppers and
That pepper and chini on a sloppy sausage, Pramir John. Oh, that sounds so good
You know what I'm saying? It doesn't look there are a few things in life like sloppy sausage
And it's already 129 and I got away over for the break, but then again, we're talking about food. You know me
We always like to hop it up 29 after what a QM when it comes to mattresses a lot of gimmicks the latest are sleep numbers
Otherwise known as air mattresses
Talk about sleeping on a bunch of hot air. They're only warranty in full for two years
They squeak they pop they could lose their setting during the night and they cost you a fortune
If you want a really hot quality brand they mattress that'll last you for years and years then call a great
Foccio dollar mattress at 1-800 macros when you call 1-800 macros you'll get no run arounds no BS no sure
Womshanagan's just factory direct prices on the best ranzi you know what impressed and love when you call 1-800
Macros you'll choose from Florida's largest inventory of Celi, sir to Simmons King Coyle temperpidic
And Stearns and foster he would already for same day delivery at prices over there
So called big name chain stores even during their big sales call 1-800 macros you have the bed you want delivered the date and time
You want it in a two-hour delivery window you pick it you pick it and they chew it so many people
If you ever satisfied customers including yours truly call today 1-800 macros right now we're log under their website
Macros.com the easiest the smartest piece of shopping you can ever do sit right on your fat ass right where you're now
Call 1-800 M-A-T-T-R-E-S leave off the last S because it stands for sensational stew pendus saving
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5-62-A-F
Neil this is Randy West and if you can't tell the difference between me and Ron Jeremy you should try girls
No
I
Was
Sleeping in the park just trying to take a
In the dark is left me black and blue
I'm hurt so bad
I'm coughing
Oh
I was I beaten by teenagers with clubs
Oh, no, why this happened I took most to the head
They took off they were laughing they left me here today
I've got
a
high-on
Trust why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs
They took those baseball bats and swung them like they
Like to ask the parents why they raised their kids this way
That's what a prison time will be the price they pay put them in jail
With all those
Why was I beaten by key majors with clubs?
Why was I
So I guess the best way to find out if the rest of us is going to be open in June is go there
Right on your ass. Now that guy's probably in he's probably cross the street
Maybe he's gonna go trying to pedal in some spots or maybe he just had some bad bull or grits there and give him the schmitz they have grits there
I sure hope not yeah Jewish grits
Just that's what I always do I grip my teeth when I think of that place that should be your worst problem sunny is the
20 gallons of orange juice is pouring on his nice pants anyway
A place for real barbarians
Miramar man charged in sexual battery of bed bomb patient at assistant living facility
Hollywood George's home Hollywood what a really classy place show up
I got some heavy duty stuff here
A 35 year old Miramar man late Sunday was charged with sexual battery of a bed bomb patient an assisted living facility
Even Sally Fitzner saw sexual batteries like those
Here's what Captain Tony Rody police spokesman said happened around 10 p.m. Sunday at Baypoint Terrace assisted living facility in
Hollywood setting were near you
Yeah, sure it is there about wow
I wouldn't that big a place an employee called police but it house not
It's not my mother lived in Hollywood over there in sterling world where all the old guest keys
I mean you're living there anywhere where she lived absolutely. I did although in fact where she was
Hollywood the other side of the street was Davie
Right and the other side of the street was the arc
Man even though I don't want to eat there an employee called police about a possible sexual attack on a 57 year old patient of the facility
Investigation revealed that while the night nurse was making her routine bed checks
She walked into the patient's room and witnessed a man in the act of committing sexual batteries on the victim
The man immediately jumped off the victim and shouted at the nurse. Don't tell anyone don't tell anyone
You know you got his picture here to Dwight Bernard chocolate
As the suspect ran from the room the nurse called police no
Mocha latte
Rodi said the patient suffers from dementia is bipolar and has psychomotor retardation along with depression
She was treated to the transporter the sexual assault treatment center
Dwight Bernard was arrested the facility in charge with one kind of sexual battery on a victim over 12 years of age
Special conditions of one court probation violation or whatever
He said I don't know she's enjoying it
Gonzalez defends the galleo surveillance and Arlen inspector said uh-uh
Good old Arlen his hair is growing back again now. He looks dangerous off the keynote attorney general
Alberto v. O five Gonzalez don't call me Jose Humane is or or Vabila J's junior
Boy, yeah insisted this morning that president Bush is fully empowered to eavesdrop on Americans without warrants as part of the war on terror
He exhorted to Congress not to end or tinker with the program not to grant tinker with it and then why have to say to him?
Yamama yeah
Beener maybe two mother they would be appropriate. Yeah, two mad today is correct
Gonzalez strong defensive bushes program was challenged by Republican center Arlen's specter he of magic bullet fame
Chimera the judiciary committee and committee democrats also a challenge during sometimes contentious questioning
Which of course they didn't show on CNN they were too busy. I'd show anything but that because it's not good for business
I'm sure he's been had it
Specter told Gonzalez that even the Supreme Court had ruled that the president does not have a blank check
Specter suggested that the programs the reality be reviewed by a special federal court set up by the 1974 intelligence surveillance act under president Jimmy Carter
There are a lot of people who think you're wrong. What do you have to lose if you write specter as Gonzalez?
The attorney general sidestep the question directly just saying obviously we would consider and always consider methods of fighting the war
Effectively against al-Qaeda, which is a total non-secretary that's nothing to do with the question
However, he said the court was already quite familiar with the program. He also said he didn't take the 70 law
Need to be modified and said Gonzalez to end the program now would afford our enemy dangerous and potential
Vittling new room for operation within our borders and
Of course the obvious question is how many people they were they've arrested that I forget how many thousand people would have sent for no terrorists
None all the big none they'll come up with something. Yeah, no, man. Why don't they just arrest everybody? They're working on it
The model president claims he has the authority to work assertive analyst expected said I am skeptical of that interpretation
Committee Democrats who generally continue that Bush is acting illegally and preventing domestic surveillance by the NSA sharply grilled Gonzalez
Senator Patrick Leahy of Vermont asked the author if the authorization Bush claims that would also enable the government to open mail in addition to monitoring
Voice electronic communications
There's all kinds of loud speculation out there about what the president has authorizing what we're actually doing
Gonzalez said you're not answering my question. Lee retorted does this law authorize the opening of first-class mail of US citizens? Yes or no?
That's not what's going on
Gonzalez said we're only focusing on in turn international communications where one part of the conversation is al-Qaeda
And the other part is Al Goldstein
Gonzalez said the fact that the nations had war gear but the nation is not at war, okay?
This is the first answer from yours truly the nation is not at war the so-called war on terror is just an excuse for
Fascism to come in and take away all your rights and let a bunch of Nazis do whatever in LA one that that's all it is
Prepared like that book or a little a bookie wrote for petrol war for for for a perpetual peace in this case
perpetual war for perpetual fascism
Got it
In this
Unstorm in a minute
If you swing at money
Somewhere
Don't miss me
Bestie to will miss me
I
I cashed my chips and bought a luxury.
A white one with a great big fancy.
I got some intub into it for the race that's waiting here.
From all your rates and people who carry it.
The chips keep me open and just organize it.
I put barcodes on my baggy, check it out.
I may have one vein in the grave and I got stuck by my own piece.
But yours is your gonna miss me.
Now that poker can't miss me.
Why you're sure gonna miss me?
No, no, no.
I got another one for a whole day by the way.
What about it?
Angry Muslim.
Oh, hey, there you go.
Yeah, maybe Muslim.
Maybe you have one of those in the audience at least.
No, I don't know. We might have a whole bunch.
They're not too happy about this whole Muhammad thing.
The integration of whatever this guest he was.
So anyway, they just had on the not news network with Tura Phillips who's a carcoring Nazi.
They just had on Corning the Republican and the Durban Democrat.
You know, they're already analyzing and hearings are still going on by the way with Alberto V05.
And so they show the move on dot org, the great ad.
Did you see it today yet?
The one where comparing Nixon with Bush and the illegal wiretaps.
And what they had to have the 78 wiretap act.
No.
Etc. And so on.
And so they asked take Durban, the liberal Democrat from Illinois, his thoughts on the move on dot org,
which is a great ad and it kind of like Morph's Bush and the Nixon's faces back together again.
And just rips him an ass rightfully so.
And Dicturbans says, well, you know, the history of it is correct.
But I don't know that I would compare Bush with Nixon that that's a...
Yeah.
The typical Democrat was Mandicturb and Wafling Wafling Wafling Wafling Wafling Wafling.
That's all the Democrats are allowed to do.
We got two guys with two people with balls in that party.
Ted Kennedy.
He's busy picking mashed potatoes out of his ears.
And Howard Dean.
And that's it.
Yeah, that's it.
That's what we got.
Half had jenko.
Look what we got.
Hitable.
For Christ's sake.
Dicturbans on there.
Because after 9-11.
Yeah, okay.
But it beat the debu-today about.
And out of here, you Wafling, any of you, go back to Springfield, Illinois.
Go back to like...
Well, I mean, I'm a dictator in Illinois.
I don't even know from Illinois, other than Chicago, would you?
No.
I'm trying to think of like other cities besides Springfield.
I don't even know from.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Exactly.
Other than Chicago, of course, we had a fantastic time.
Yeah, I had a fantastic 23 hours.
For about five minutes.
Right.
And then Disney said, oh, well, back to Miami.
Okay.
We can't afford to keep your ass here.
You're a little spick.
That's what you said.
And they're wives and their children.
Right.
The gunsmith.
Uh-huh.
Exactly.
The special prosecutor in the CIA leak case alleged that vice president
Cheney's former chief of staff was engaged in a broader web of deception than was previously known and
repeatedly lied to conceal that he had been a key source reporters about undercover or undercover operative
gallery plane.
According to court records released yesterday says the Washington Post.
See, I'm saving the last few minutes of the show for people in IQ larger than their pinky who don't want to call up
a makeup stories about restaurant center closing and about, uh, very my ass upside down and your mama, whatever it is.
So I got to place the park by bike, of course.
What?
Very new face down as opposed to what that other guy said.
Welcome.
The records also show that by August 2004, Rolian is investigating that you can park it in Jack Mark's spot.
Now that's empty.
No, no.
How do I see the mark though?
My August 2004, Rolian is investigation of the disclosure of planes identity, special counsel Patrick Fitzgerald had concluded that he didn't have much of a case against the scooter liby for legally leaking
classified information.
Instead Fitzgerald was focused on charging Cheney's top aid with purgeery and making false statements and knew he needed to question reporters to prove it.
The court records show that liby denied to a grand jury that they ever mentioned, Plamer, her CIA job to then White House press secretary, are a fly shirt, uh, fly shirt.
You fairer.
Or then New York Times reporter Judith Miller and separate conversations he had with each of them in early June July 2003.
The records also suggest that liby did not disclose to investigators that he first spoke to a number about claiming June 2003 and that prosecutors learned of the nature of the conversation only when Miller finally testified late in the fall of 2005 after they threw her ass in jail and she was singing with the parliament's eye, I want to testify.
Remember that?
No.
Of course I did.
All three specific allegations are contained in previously redacted sections of a US court of appeals opinion that were released yesterday and speaking of opinion.
The toast master is not supposed to give his opinion.
The opinion analyzed Fitzgerald's secret evidence to determine whether his case warranted ordering reporters to testify about their confidential conversations with sources.
Uh, Fitzgerald revealed none of these specifics when he publicly announced liby's in Devon, October on charges of making false statements, purgeery and obstructive justice.
The once sealed portion of the federal court opinion written in February 2005 by US Circuit Judge David Tadal, who is a member of the three judge panel that agreed with Fitzgerald, that the testimony of two reporters, Miller and Time Magazine's Matthew Cooper, was crucial to the investigation.
Yesterday, the same panel concluded that because liby was indicted now faces public charges, the court no longer had a key secret, mainly the details of the grand jury investigations that Tadal analyzed.
And it goes on and on.
It would be on our website tomorrow.
I believe.
Lone it?
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You will work on it.
Here's a full idea.
Look at that.
If one group of people were chosen to rule the world, who would we choose?
Says Cliff.
By the way, did you see American history?
X, R, city of God, yes, or Shawshank?
I haven't been listening for weeks.
What's going on with you, Cliff?
I haven't been listening for weeks.
My ass.
I'll be clear.
Get with it.
Get jiggy with it.
Man, this guy must be hand out with Buster Moves.
Buster Rhymes.
American history, X was on.
Buster Moves.
It was American history, X, how come you didn't email me and call me and go out?
I was in the middle of it when I got it.
Of what?
City of God, I saw was very good.
Not one of the best movies of all time, it was very good.
You never thought I'd watch it, didn't you?
I didn't do the one of us didn't.
And surprised you, didn't I?
Sure did.
I don't.
Look, the first time I tried to watch it, I wasn't in the mood to watch it.
At the time I didn't realize it.
But sometimes you just had to move to sit in the vote two and a half hours to watch it.
It was incredible.
Maybe I was tired from losing my ass at Woodbuy.
Who knows?
Now don't get me wrong, I'm not giving you any credit because the only reason you watched it was because I am DB gave it like eight and something stars.
You are.
You are.
You are.
You said the only reason I'm going to watch this.
I told you that.
I told you that even then.
You were told I watched it.
Even though I was watching it.
We don't have good taste.
Now I wouldn't listen to you.
If I would listen to you, I would never watch the network.
One of the greatest movies I ever made.
I would have never told you that.
That's a good point.
Schmuck.
Now let's see.
Who would you choose?
This is sad.
So let's see, I got an American history as your sent me crash.
Oh, and you never gave your movie review?
You won, even though you didn't watch it.
On Fairbach County.
The review, secondhand review.
George's wife and daughter, daughter, son.
And they both said that it was okay, not as great as everyone's making it out.
Okay.
Yeah.
Because you know how these critics are, whenever there's a factory or anything.
Oh, yeah.
Well, that's because most of the critics are gay.
But more importantly, and perhaps the way the Princess Diaries chick and Michelle Williams of
So do you know what the movie is?
They both showed their movies.
Yeah.
All right.
There you go.
So there's some for everybody in there.
You got a little, uh, a movie action.
You can just edit the movie down.
And by the way, there wasn't so much man kissing as there was, um, I don't know how to say that.
Sex.
Man sex.
The kind of thing to say.
Spell out.
Draw a picture.
Okay.
Okay.
Let's not go there.
Play.
Let's clear it a picture.
I don't want to go there either.
Let's see.
Rule the world.
Christians, weed heads, Buddhist, tree huggers.
Okay.
Whatever you say, Cliff, and I'll watch American history.
Yeah, so I'll go get it.
Should I go get it?
Yeah, you know what?
That's an actual keeper.
Is it?
Yes it is.
I see.
I never ever want to say you a bad movie so far.
If you buy it and you don't like it, I will buy it off of you, including the postage.
In fact, I think you ought to see the sleepers again, even though because you just told me that it comes on cable every periodically, every once in a while.
Yeah, I'll watch it again.
The body of Christ.
Oh, that whole thing.
I just that scene alone.
I mean, that has very little to do with the movie.
It's the mirror's a priest.
And a good guy priest.
Who lies?
I mean, that's pretty unusual in the priest of lies.
You never heard of such a thing.
How many votes we got on the pool?
Have we added the...
Did we add the angry...
We didn't add that.
Did we?
Angry Muslim?
Come on now.
See, he's given me crap because in the fact I finally watched the movie and he said instead of giving me any credit for it, Angry Muslim, he don't have on it.
Probably had garlic oil on it.
He's too busy passing judgment and probably passing gas from that huge lunatic.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is five sixteen...
No, no, no.
Excuse me, but I do believe that's up to...
That is a movie.
No ordinary...
no ordinary...
Down the walls depend on you.
And the power you possess.
Since your safe is life,
With your flight's in their night,
Inside a God's world you'll get to.
Welcome.
Welcome.
Welcome.
You have a brand new style too.
We love the way you fuck your dude.
With the make the annual chance
And the proof is like it.
And we go to our own grave.
Go to our own grave.
Go to our own grave.
Who's with the seed of our good sound?
Check the bag I stray to hell.
When the building starts to grow
We go to the 70th house
You're thrashing grass with blood by heat.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Okay, it's a...
Oh no, 158.
Yes, yes.
And I just am very distraught
Because you're talking about movies.
I just saw that when a stranger calls
The remake made 22 million box office vertical.
Yeah, these punks.
Yeah, number one.
Oh my god, the worst piece of slime.
How can you say that you haven't seen it?
I saw the clip the previous audience need to see.
But you've seen the original.
Anybody that's tempted to go see that?
Save the money.
You can probably read it for like a book.
Please don't go to blockbuster.
Go to your nearby video store.
Anybody but them.
And read it.
The original one when a stranger calls
With the Charles Durning and whatever's name is.
Well, this is in it.
We know who the other people are.
It does make any differences in it.
Because the original one is great.
Yes.
How are the children?
When I started to cover the children.
Oh, that's true.
It's a pretty house.
Yeah, nice house.
And nice, you know, looks like it's ready for nice mudslide or something like that.
Whatever.
And then I started to watch their face in the crowd.
And American has reacts and crash.
And I'm not going to watch it.
You're sending me the cowboy movie, Bearback.
Yeah, I'm back.
I'm back.
I'm very interested to have your review on that.
I see.
Okay, well, I watch all those like between now and the next circus.
Anyway, we got Curtis Stevens and coming up.
No more mold, but we got to be hauling door from a two to four.
Bye, bye, bye.
