Absolutely.
OOOH!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
A rat Miami has the dolphins there the worst football team.
They club the ball from goal to goal like no one's ever seen.
Uh-huh.
They're on the ground that's where they'll stay.
They're never in control.
And when you say Miami,
you're talking toilets, holders there that oh Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
Five or ten minutes.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Don't bet on them you'll always lose.
Sure.
They don't know how to tackle.
They don't know how to block their coaches ought to tell them to.
But then they and their jock come.
Then they would run much faster and even in defeat.
When we go to the stadium we'll see Miami.
And they're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
Three two.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
The team that hasn't got a clue.
Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fans.
Just 50,000 folks sitting in the stands.
They watched the game and all they do is moaning, griping, bitch.
Sure.
I wonder how Jo Rabi got to be so enriched and they're the Miami dolphins.
I'm a guy in the air.
Miami dolphins.
Oh.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
Three two.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
I hear the crowd begin to boo.
Boo.
The dolphins have faith feedward.
That quarter backs at you.
Run down the field and he will throw a pass over you.
I'll never win a super bowl.
You shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut.
That doesn't mean that he was circumcised in there.
The Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
Three two.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Jake calls his signals in Hebrew.
Walks all the way.
But dolphins have no defense and their offense is a joke.
Like George Bush eating pretzels.
You know they're gonna choke.
They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race.
With fewer points than cock marks on high zingas ugly face in there.
The Miami dolphins.
Oh.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
All what the hell.
Thirty two.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Now they're free.
I'm smelling super bowl baby.
I'm smelling something.
A tuncheon of milk.
That's for sure.
It's a 1004.
So Mark Foley says she's an alcoholic.
Oh is that it?
No.
Who is the booze?
You know it's always the booze they've done.
You know I know a lot of drugs and they don't bother the teenagers.
Really?
Well she's her whole deal is protecting young people.
Don't you understand?
From people like him?
That's correct.
Here's a great idea.
I've been screaming about this forced sterilization for years.
Charleston, South Carolina.
And that's a good place to start.
A city council member reacting to a video store hold up believed them and carried out by children.
Says parents who can't properly care for their kids should be sterilized.
Yes.
I think everybody in South Carolina ought to be sterilized.
Sounds good.
We pick up three animals and spray them.
Larry Shirley Sandister in public Saturday by the Post and Courier of Charleston.
These mothers need to be spayed if they can't take care of theirs.
Once they have a child that's running the street,
to let them continue to have children is totally unacceptable.
Shirley's comments came after police say a video store was held up by a group of children
including a 14 year old girl suspected of wielding a BB gun that looked like a real piece.
The whole of a habit about 9 o'clock last Wednesday in the Hollywood video store,
a 14 year old girl and 12 year old boy charged his juveniles with armed robbery.
A nine year old boy wasn't charged because police said he was too young.
Not too young for Miss Foley maybe, but too young.
He was released to his mother.
Hey Mark, you fairy.
Anyway, and by the way, thanks Mark for not only betraying the trust of the electric,
but also for continuing the ugly stereotypes that people like Josh Court distinct
at every homosexual male is a pedophile.
He would just say it's up.
Yeah, I'm sure he was.
That's that ugly stereotype.
Well, let's, you know, what do you know?
You could see the look on his face.
I don't want to tell you.
What we've got is a failure in society,
whether it's in Mount Pleasant with the upper appearance,
or whether it's on the east side with poor crackhead appearance,
he said referring to areas in and around Charleston, South Carolina.
State Senator Robert Ford, a Charleston Democrat, agreed that the crime highlights his societal problem,
but dismissed truly suggesting the sterilized people as crazy.
I wonder what pasty Patsy Klein would think about that.
Crazy.
What Larry Shirley needs to talk about is getting the city council to provide some
recreational facilities and activities for these kids,
and creating an atmosphere conducive to a normal society,
said Ford, also a former councilman in Charleston, South Carolina.
Good place to start sterilizing everybody.
But here's that fat, Benny Hasdard.
What did he know and what did he know if that's always the question of measurement?
Cover up my ass.
Take a big blanket.
I'll get it.
Get it, Tarp.
Here's the pull from Friday, $290.
Hoats, and this was a horrible pull by our own admission.
It's stunk.
Who is your most trusted celebrity?
685 said none.
That's about 30%.
About 30, man.
percent.
None.
Don't press celebrities.
Okay, don't press Mark Foley either.
Don't press all these new bitters that are running out there trying to protect your children.
Just like I need a Bryant with that Save Our Children campaign,
I come to find out that her former husband, with all the homophobia that she and her ill-quared spreading,
former husband Bob Green, out the one that you know, was in a closet.
In other words, gay.
Let me tell you, Evan, I always said that the ones who are always pointing the finger at everybody
else, right?
They got those skeletons rattling around in their closet.
Man, lots of noise in there.
Lots of stuff going on.
George Carlin is their most trusted celebrity who is a late add-on and boy,
I don't know what I'd say.
Just like I predicted, he zoomed by a week competition.
It's $399 for George.
I hate this pull, $241.10.5%.
Well, we did, too, as a matter of fact.
George Clooney, oh my goodness, $151.
Time of Hank, $112.
Michael J. Fox, $107.
Morgan Freeman, $180. Morgan Fairchild didn't have any.
And J. P. Morgan didn't have any either. Henry Morgan didn't have any.
Ron Howard, $87. Little OP. Rachel Ray is $70.
Oh, now I know who Rachel Ray is, by the way.
Okay.
Well, though, over the weekend, I've seen her run her promo for her in Sympagio.
You saw her teeth.
Oprah's got $69.
Susan Sarandon's $60. Mel Gibson's $58.
Hey, Mel.
James Earl Jones, $56.
How do you like that?
Mel Gibson is the most trusted celebrity on young Kipper Nolas,
but we talk about anti-Somantic.
Shame on you people.
Tim Robbins, $36. Dan Marino, $36.
Jane Fonda, $28.
Denzel Washington, $23.
Sean In the Pen, $22.
Martin Machine, $18. Reese Witherspoon, $17.
And my boy James Franco had $5.
Have to split up five ways.
Like somebody told me on Friday, there's plenty to go around.
That's what I heard.
Speaking of playing to go around,
man wears cardboard box at Pennsylvania hearing.
This is in Greensboro, Pennsylvania, the home of the Mountain View Inn,
where they got really good liver and onions, man.
That's a good restaurant.
Mountain View Inn.
You remember me talking about that?
There's a go.
Sure.
Have you ever been there?
No.
A man accused of theft or rivalry,
a preliminary hearing wearing a cardboard box on his head,
in the effort to conceal his identity.
I bet it was Nick Saban, or I talk about thin skin.
That's what I love.
I always love when you get a thin skin coach,
or GM or something like that.
Really thin, hostile.
If you thought the one-stead arrow was a disaster and didn't last too long,
just wait till the Saban arrow comes to an end.
Soon.
How long do you think Wayne's going to put up with this crap?
Oh, yeah.
He'll give him another gear after this.
I mean, I smelled it yesterday.
I was sure that they were going to come back in time,
and I went in overtime against the little girls team.
And you know something.
You realize how close we came to having a total disgrace,
over the weekend?
The Hurray Kings just by the skin of their teeth,
being a little girls team on Saturday right there in the Orgbull,
behind a Paltry, in front of a Paltry crowd of 36,107.
I got to say, there are a lot more people there than I thought
they were going to be for Houston.
Yeah.
In other words, you think there was a good crowd of 36,000 in the Orgbull.
Well, the Orgbull is not, you know, a P.P. in a stadium.
It's not P.P.
It's all in stadium now.
But you may not have the P.P. in the Orgbull,
because you'll have to do in the Isles,
because there's no turlits at any rate.
Just in Michael Kailits, 26th Ward of Box,
the suggestion of his lawyer,
while waiting outside the judges office for an appointment Thursday morning.
I'm trying to think outside of the box,
so to speak Attorney Jeff Leonard said.
And Brad Pitt came by and said,
what's in the, by the way,
Michael Pitt is not related to Brad Pitt.
We already been through that before.
Right.
Mom, because I saw that movie, The Dreamers,
again, the Pranada Bertolucci movie,
over the weekend, The Dreamers.
Which the only reason anybody wants to see this,
because of all the nudity?
That is correct.
And the ending is unacceptable.
Now, did all they're all revolting in Paris?
Yeah, I've been there. They're revolting, all right.
Leonard said the movie was prompted by concerns
over whether witness could be able to identify his client
and connect it with a July theft of real wire.
Real wire.
Hmm.
The witness might see a photo line
before his client went into the courtroom for hearing yet.
And this was kind of a simple way
to force the Commonwealth to meet its burden,
without the defendant having to reveal his identity.
Kind of like Superman, you know,
he didn't want to take put the glasses on.
Charges were dropped at the hearing when Kailits reached an agreement
to pay for the wire,
valued less than 600 bucks.
That's the big news from Greensburg,
Pennsylvania, home of the Mountain View Inn,
where they have great, great food.
At least they used to.
I don't even know if it's still there.
That's like right outside Pittsburgh.
You know, Pittsburgh, Alabama,
Quippa, and McKee's Port, and McKee's Rocks,
and all those places.
You don't want to go there.
Anyway, we've got only about 500 stories on Mark Foley.
Bob Woodward's bookstated now comes out today.
Thank goodness that he's not pedantic, you know,
like Wolflet's Rig, Bob Woodward.
It's depending on which senator you talk to,
if he'll tell you a story.
I just don't understand how people,
why do people talk like that?
I don't know.
Very slow and pertinent, like Jacket.
Well, maybe the greatest book comes out today.
I'm going to go out and get it right away,
and now I'll read the whole book on here.
Excellent.
Starting tomorrow, fucking fine.
It's 756 votes on today's poll,
and of course, we don't want to kick it off,
and as well, they're down to it.
Oh yeah.
And Nick, save it.
Wait till the save an error comes to a screeching halt.
Well, soon, the media hates you, Nick, and the fans.
Oh, nice call on that two-pointer, man.
That was beauty.
There's downtown Ronnie Brown.
He's it, and it's still, that's all still flying.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
That was great.
Anyway, 756 votes.
How many games will the offense win this season?
Who cares?
235.
Shame on you people.
What is wrong with you?
Real men care about such crap.
235 say who cares?
Sixth.
That's what I voted that would make him 5 and 7 in their last 12 games.
I think that's very generous, don't you, Josh?
Yeah.
Six is optimistic.
97 people said to win six.
That would be 6 and 10.
That would be the end of the save an error.
Screw the fish, say 88, probably Jets fan.
And by the way, now, did you see the last play in that game, Josh?
Oh yeah, that was awesome.
I thought I loved those, man.
When they're even a ball laterally all around the field,
and the clock has run out, they got a score test done.
You know, talk about choking and gagging, man.
Every time they would take the lead,
the colts would come right back, and they couldn't stop them.
And then they'd say, it's 80-30.
I thought, for sure, the Jets were going to win that game, yeah.
Very bad.
Screw the fish, 88.
And how about those patriots kicking Cincinnati?
That's right there, in Cincinnati.
Even I was shocked at that.
I still can't believe it.
I'm with you.
That was bizarre.
Oh, they're going to win 5.
83 people said 5.
78 people said they're going to win 4.
39, delusional people said they'll win 7.
31 people said they'll win 2, which means there's another win coming.
So stay tuned.
30 people said.
But third, man.
They're going to win 8.
Yeah, likely story.
22 people said, so let me say trace.
19 people said Super Bowl.
I must have just read it and thought it said toilet bowl.
Super Bowl 19.
I hate this bowl 12 only 1.5%.
12 people said they're going to win 9.
Six people said they're going to win 10.
Five insane people said they're going to win 11.
And two people said playoffs.
Yeah, playoff my ass.
762 votes.
Yeah, they're hurricane.
Just 14 to 13 over a school of blind kids.
The biggest name.
So open first down here, man.
We'll watch that.
I said, aren't you winner?
I'm a D.
You am a winner.
Want a lollipop little boy?
No.
Oh yeah, I got that something.
I'm making it in my grand.
Yeah, you.
I'm your name.
I'm your name.
So sweet to me with the bird little can.
Right.
Little boys need to be with me.
Cause it's all my damn beloved.
Yeah, your my damn beloved.
Yeah, your my damn beloved.
I can't let you keep it.
I'll give you candy and a ride.
You can sit on my lap and I will.
Let you try.
Let you try.
Yeah, you shake your mouth in.
When you wear your little pants, don't tell a little secret.
Cause I'm your name.
I'm your name, the man.
Yeah, your name, the man.
And when I shower, I'll invite you inside.
And when I touch your little part, I get high.
I get high.
I get high.
Oh yeah, I got that something.
I'm making it in my grand.
You forgive me, I'll make it for you.
And I'm your name, the man.
Yeah, your name, the man.
Yeah, your name, the man.
Yeah, your name, the man.
Anyway, I said, I said Josh the transcriber.
You must not have known what the hell it was from that very tent room.
Yeah, I heard it just said it to you again.
Okay.
Well, I didn't have any headline on it, so I guess you were like kind of bewolded.
You talked about the Foley papers?
The Foley.
The Foley papers.
Mark Foley instant message chat with congressional page.
That's the headline and it's got the whole deal here, a ledge.
Is this something we could read on the air?
No, I didn't think so.
I mean, I could once twice.
Yeah, I mean, it's pretty obvious what this is all about.
Anybody's got an IQ larger than their thumbnail?
Slip off your shorts and all this other stuff.
Oh, that could have been through a whole bunch of ways.
Well, not when you read the rest of it, but anyway.
Former representative Mark Foley resigned for any of the allegations that he sent inappropriate emails to teenage pages.
Remember that the song by the birds on my back pages?
No.
Told a Florida TV station that he's in treatment facility for alcoholism.
It was the booze they've done it.
You're fairing.
A letter containing information was faxed by Foley to WPBF and West Palm Beach said David Roth.
Foley's attorney.
The fax apparently was sent from clear water, but Roth wouldn't say today if that's where Foley's being treated.
He's got a booze problem, baby.
He's got a stupid problem is what he's got.
That's his biggest crime being stupid.
A moron.
Not to mention a hypocrite course, but isn't that true with the right one here, generally?
All of them.
All those skeletons are rattling around in their closets, man.
He's out there to protect the children.
Just like Michael Jackson, he loves the children.
And certain other eluded takes on the far right.
We're always pointing the finger because they have this self-loathing.
That's what it's all about.
How Speaker Fatt Denny Has to Disass they just disdipermine to investigate how lawmakers handled allegations that Foley has changed sexual explicit message with teenage congressional pages.
These speakers orifice said.
And believe you me, if you're talking about Denny Has to, there must be a really big, vacuum orifice.
The rare move followed caused by Democratic leaders in the House and said it for a rapid inquiry earlier yesterday questioning whether the GOP leadership in the House had improperly squelted concerns about former representative Foley's contact with the pages.
I love if you look at the online comments and all these different chat rooms and so on.
Not all, but most of the right wingers, most of the Republicans.
Well, Bill Clinton did this and Monica Lewinsky did that.
And then of course comes the typical response as well.
She was legal age. She was 21 or whatever at a fat cow.
Right. And that's what she went there to do.
But the fact that this is this idiot puts this, you know, paper trail to all of us puts it out there online in the Internet.
Talk about a moron.
FBI spokesman Richard Colco said the Bureau was looking into whether any federal laws have been violated in that matter but had no further comment.
I wonder what Gay and Groover would think about all this.
Gay.
Sexually explicit messages from... I could read them all if you want, but that's... I'm not going to do it.
Just look on our website. I'm sure Josh, have you got it yet? Did you find it?
I haven't got it yet.
What do you mean you haven't got it yet? Just send it to you like five minutes ago.
Well, I wouldn't lie. I haven't got it yet.
You don't have it? Maybe I'll send it again.
Sexually explicit messages from former representative Mark Foley.
You're fair.
To one former congressional page might be just the tip of the iceberg.
Leader of an alumni association for former congressional page is said over the weekend.
Did you see this kid, this Matthew Louridich kid?
No.
Fat glasses. He looks like a fat Robert Grieper.
Pudgy. Looks like me. Gross.
While Foley was forced to resign this week after public reports are friendly emails to 160-year-old mail page and the pending broadcast of more sexually explicit instant messages,
similar graphic messages from him were received by at least three other teenage males who once worked in the page programs said Matthew Louridich.
Marilyn Colett, senior who runs the U.S. House Page Alumni Association's Internet Message Board.
Oh, the U.S. House Page Alumni Association's Internet Message Board. All the message boards all the time.
So you don't get bored?
Louridich who served in the page for a remin the 2001-2002 session in a guarantee and nobody tried to molest him, said he's reviewed graphic messages sent to Foley by three or four other males from his page class.
Did you get that yet? He's looking.
I've known about them for several years now, Louridich said Saturday.
It was more like, hey, look at this, said, Louridich, 21.
I don't think the people in question felt that uncomfortable. It was more like, oh, look at that creepy guy.
Look at that fag. It was definitely crossing the line stuff. The instant message stuff, I and stuff I've seen and heard about,
definitely couldn't be misconstrued, as merely a friendly aromason, he said.
I spoke to him for the FDLE. Confirm the agency was deciding whether or not to pursue charges again fully,
a Republican who's resignation is temporary, left the treasure coast without representation in Congress.
We will be discussing this matter with the FBI to determine if there are grounds for a criminal investigation.
And if so, who has jurisdiction said Tom Burlander achieved media spokesman for the FDLE?
The system was expected later this week, Burlander said, adding the agency hadn't yet contacted Foley,
FBI officials could be reached for comment.
I guess maybe I'll have to read the, you know, like, do I make you a little horny and there's a...
I can't read him on here. That's too tough we want.
Too graphic. Come on.
Okay, well, Josh can't find it anyway.
No, I got it. You want me to post it right now.
Post it right now would be a good idea if he can do that, if it's not too much of a hardship pun,
still want you to read it.
You can help me out with that.
You know what I'm saying? Self-sensor and all that.
Yeah, the appropriate parts.
All right, the inappropriate parts, I mean.
The whole thing is an inappropriate part.
God.
And of course, the obvious question is, you know, who is the...
We're never going to find out who this kid is, and we're never going to find out if he looked like that.
And I will say this.
And then also some of the responses and the chat rooms are, well, it sounds like the kid was a really into it and he was probably gay himself.
That makes it okay.
Yeah, I guess that would make it okay that a, you know, 52 year old member of Congress is sending these sexually suggested like, hey, you know,
what do you do with it?
How do you make it?
How do you make it?
Yeah, right.
But I like, and you saw that when they showed him again this morning that one day...
God Almighty.
Screamer is all I guess.
Yeah, so maybe there are like the gay youth, maybe that's one of the areas of endeavor that they like attracted to,
is being a page in Congress, huh?
Well, they have a lot of what do you do with pages in a book you turn them?
That's right.
Fold them.
Do not bend, staple, or mutilate.
Mark Foldey?
Yeah, Mark's folding it.
Oh, look at this. I'm printing it all out right now. Here it is.
So I guess we'll do the break.
And then thanks to George, I'm going to read all this pornographic stuff on here.
So you'll take the fall form.
The piece of the top best of the house.
The new story, you'll find the secret news story.
Oh, why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
Why are you so bored?
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
Oh my goodness!
I'm a kid.
NoC deseCer
Scrounding from Food!
Callie!
Oh my goodness!
Callie должны to leave the child here.
Callie let's racismgrow!
uh kid where'd you go this afternoon?
Foley I'm in Pensacola had a catch a plane.
Kid oh well that's fun.
Foley indeed.
Kid what are you doing in Pensacola?
Foley now in my hotel room.
Kid well like why did you go there?
Foley for the campaign.
Kid have you officially announced yet?
Foley not yet.
Kid cool cool.
Foley has my favorite young stud doing.
Kid tired and sore.
Kid I didn't I didn't know
Waltsing could make you sore.
Foley from what?
Kid what do you mean from what?
From Waltsing I'm sore from Waltsing.
Foley that's good you need a massage.
Foley signed off at 739.37pm.
Foley signed back out again 740.35.
Kid got kicked off.
Foley must have.
He got kicked off.
He got disconnect.
That's it.
Kid tomorrow I have the first day of the cross practice.
Foley love to watch that.
Those great legs running.
Kid ha they aren't great.
That's why we have conditioning.
Kid two days running three days lifting.
Every week until the end of March.
Foley well don't ruin my mental torture.
Kid oh laugh out loud.
Sorry.
Foley nice.
You'll be way hot then.
Kid ha ha hopefully.
Foley better be when I better let you go do your thing.
Kid okay okay have fun campaigning or harb you spell it.
Laugh out loud I'll see you in a couple of weeks.
Foley did a girl give you a I can't read this.
Did any girl give you a job this weekend?
Kid laugh out loud.
No I'm single right now.
My girlfriend and I broke up a few weeks ago.
Foley are you good so you're getting horny.
Kid laugh out loud a bit.
Foley did you spank it yourself this weekend?
Kid no been too tired and busy.
Foley wow I'm never too busy.
Ha ha.
Kid ha ha.
Foley or tired helps me sleep.
Kid that's true.
Kid haven't been having a problem with sleep though.
I just walk in the North Laft for at least this weekend.
Foley I'm sure.
Kid I don't do it very often normally though.
Foley why not?
Your age seems like it would be a daily.
Kid not me I'm not a horn dog.
Maybe two three times a week.
Foley that's a good number.
In the shower?
Kid no actually usually I don't do it in the shower.
Just because I shower in the morning and quickly.
Foley in the bed?
Kid I get up at 530 am at the hospital at 610.
Foley I'm not going to read all these details here but mine doesn't.
Oh geez you're sick.
I think you sent some of these.
Foley on your back?
Kid no face down.
Foley love details.
Kid laugh out loud I see that laugh out loud.
Foley really do a face down.
Kid yeah.
Foley kneeling.
Kid well I don't use my hand I use the bed itself.
Foley where do I'm not going to read these?
This is a sec.
I need closure.
Yeah you need closure.
Brain okay if you can find one.
Foley where do you unloaded?
Answer Kid towel.
Foley really completely naked.
Kid well yeah.
Foley very nice.
Foley says cute butt bouncing in the air.
Kid well I've never watched myself.
But I guess yeah.
Foley I'm sure not.
Great visual I may try that.
This goes on for pages and it gets too graphic.
I'm not going to read this.
Is your little guy a little guy a limp or growing?
Oh it's just too long.
What are you wearing?
Kid normal clothes, t-shirt and shorts.
Foley oh so a big bulls kid yeah.
Love the slip of the mouth you Foley says.
And grab the one I'd snake.
I'm not going to read any more of this.
I don't know why everybody's making a big deal out of that.
That's just a normal conversation between the congresses.
And a 16 year old kid right?
Sure.
That's right.
You're a little kind of conversation.
I have no doubt about that.
Anyway that's all you're getting.
Okay the whole thing is on our website any second now.
For those of you who haven't even been on there.
Oh it's been on.
Been on for a long.
So it's like the middle of the break.
Wow.
Well let me take a look at it.
I want to make sure I see where this is.
Oh there's that pig Nancy Grace.
I don't see where.
Oh Mark Foley instant message.
Chances with congressional pages.
It's the first story under news.
And you can get all the other parts.
I'm not going to read on the ears.
No way.
I'm going to get me to read the rest of that.
Sunday morning yesterday.
Bridge Hume compared Mark Foley's behavior to an underage voice.
Sophomores and juniors in high school.
The president Clinton's relationship with Monica Lewinsky.
It might be redundant to say that this legitimizes Fox's a serious news network.
But I'll say it anyway.
Where it's Steven Elliott on the smircling chimp.
The faulty logic is obvious.
There's no comparison between consensual legal sex between adults.
And the stalking and victimizing of children by an adult in position of authority over them.
But what's worse is that Fox News would choose out of loyalty to which party.
To de-legitimize and trivialize such a serious crime.
This is the same channel that makes so much out of child abuse and abductions when it doesn't hurt Republicans and boost their ratings.
This is the channel of Bill O'Rally, who frequently had Mark Foley as a guest.
And who's made your focus to supposedly prevent the exploitation of minors much as Foley's was in Congress.
To equate relationships between consenting adults with a Republican party that covers for a predator in its own ranks.
Is exactly what you'd expect from Fox News.
And that's the shame of it.
It's not even surprising.
The morality of the issue was an afterthought.
How do you like that?
Not that those good Republicans like that heavy breather Bill O'Rally, not necessarily don't remain these things.
They're not going, they're good Christians, maybe they're good at hosting immoral people.
Keep that in mind, and then on your own Kipper, he's got me reading pornography on here. That's bad.
It's a plot.
I know the way you guys are twisted plot.
How many gangs will the dolphins win this season?
We got 860 votes. We'll make the thousand easy.
Who cares? 263. Who gives a crap?
608 people said they win 6. Screw the fish 104.
Well, I think they're doing a good job of that themselves.
Nice call, Eric Nick. The next saven era coming to an end soon on a football field near you.
94 people said they win 5. 87 people said 4.
42 said 7. 34 people said Solomon, they dose 2.
33 said they're going to win 8.
Likely story. 30 people said they're going to win 3.
31 people now. See, 3. They're getting more optimistic by the second.
22 people said Super Bowl.
I hate this pool 15, only 1.7%.
13 people said they're going to win 9.
8 people said they'll win 10. 5 people said 11.
And 3 people said playoffs. Oh, there'll be playoffs. All right. Just ain't going to be in them.
That's the problem.
How many people said Super Bowl?
I put that on. There was a joke. There must be the joke vote.
23 sarcastic bastards said we're talking Super Bowl, baby. Super Bowl.
Boy, two minutes home, Kipper, man. We got Joe Zagaki.
Joe Zagaki.
And for the Humper this afternoon. I can't wait to hear that power hour. Can you?
What?
Oh, let me tell you again about your carpets, man.
If you don't keep them clean, there's all kinds of schmutz down there, especially on your own Kipper.
I've been using dry concepts for 21 a long years in my homes and believe you.
Me, I wouldn't call anybody else. You shouldn't either. Just because you can't see the dirt and mold in your carpets.
Doesn't mean it's not in there next to your sink like I always tell you.
Your carpets are the biggest collector of germs and crap in your entire house.
In South Florida, you tend to go a long period of time without opening windows which really can breed unhealthy conditions.
More reason to dry clean those carpets on a regular basis with dry concepts.
Your carpet last clean your last longer because it takes the dirt out of the fibers deep down in there and stays clean longer as well.
It comes out soft to the colors come out looking brighter and your house smells lemony fresh afterward too.
And don't forget, not dry concepts.
You've got to find them a frequent cleaning easy to save you a lot of cash.
It's just a fraction of the cost of regular cleaning.
Here on T.A., you'll never have a dirty carpet again if you use dry concepts.
In Broward Column at 9.5.4.930.7778.
That's 9.540.370.7778 in Broward or in Dayton Palm Beach, it's a toll-free call.
1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 to make a long story short to the best in the world dry concepts.
The biggest name, so best challenge in the business, Rio Rajaras, for 205-60 years in Florida.
You do not belong in here, damn Crackyhead. Go smoke it, crack-free.
I'll show you. I put a blow at all.
You're not gonna blow me up. I'm gonna blow you up.
I'm gonna blow you up.
Ah, that was a parody of 24, I believe.
Was that a good parody, Mr. Franken?
Yes, it was just like a chunk.
I'd like to thank all involved.
You can plainly see why.
Air America is doing so well.
Thank you, Mr. Franken.
Any chance we can start getting paid?
The last person to ask me that was Tathor and Lamford.
Ah, you're lucky to be in my presence at all.
And I might add that if you want to keep your intern job worshipping my greatness,
and don't wave or nod to me if you ever see me on a plane.
That would be Franken on a plane, John.
You well, Franken?
Yes, ah, Ty, ah, who are you?
Well, ah, you, and oh, how would it even it?
And you, ah, fire did it, did it.
Now, scrap, she's handed it.
Alright, let's get down to business here.
Who get more for the Democratic Party?
That's the honor.
Or Eugene LaRose.
Give me a call here.
Let's get this network back on the ground.
Who the hell are you?
I am Catherine Lamford.
Who's Roi?
Get you grueling little handle for me.
I ain't the one to rape you, mummy.
You can't rape me.
You were doing noial.
I don't know, you're right. It don't make sense. No. No.
Say it. You were. What? Has it like a national comedy bit? Oh, you mean like when that.
Yeah, like that. Just chop it off in the middle. It's 11 before 11 a.m.
Maydog at 2 o'clock to the next and that you know, no one to know.
Here's a fact a little caustic early in the morning on a Monday.
Must be that dolphin game in a hurry, King's just barely sweeping by because we're cursed in South Florida when it comes to football.
Fact is I can trust Carl in the Sid Mute while mancoater goes on and on spewing bottlenecks him on the tonight show.
So I guess the two of them are going to be back on with the Leno again.
Oh, I don't know. I don't I don't have any interest. I won't watch it and couldn't care less.
But I think the last time they had the two of them on the same show, he just kind of like said over in the edge of the couch.
And had to resist shooting an arrow through that. And I'm example, isn't that the way it works?
I'm supposed to put an arrow through the apple. That's a great idea.
This is dated September 12, 1998 to show the hypocrisy of these right wingers.
Always the same crap man. I mean, everybody's a pervert, but there's one group of people who just pretend that's all a rest of us that are perverts.
September 12, 98, St. Pete Times. For more than a week members of Congress said they would avoid partisan politics when they got Ken Stars report on President Clinton.
But when they finally saw it Friday, they split along party lines. Republicans were aghasted Clinton's behavior with many saying it's already in line and abused his power.
It's vile said representative Mark Foley Republican West Bomb Beach. It's more sad than anything else to see someone with such potential through it all down the drain because of a sexual addiction.
How do you like that? Hot-crawling-a-cowled pink. But of course, he's got a drinking problem.
Miss Foley, that's right. And once she gets out of that rehab man, she's going to be just as good as new.
I'll never cry. Richard Kim in the nation says, rest in peace, Bill of Rights. On February 19, 1942 President Roosevelt signed executive order 9-D66, which led to the internment of 120,000 Japanese civilians, two thirds of whom were US citizens and military camps across the western half of the country.
Effectively stripping Japanese Americans virtually all constitutional protections, including rights to property, crowd by jury and habeas corpus, 9-D66 is now widely decried as one of the darkest moments in US history.
In 1988 Congress passed public law 103-83, which apologized to Japanese internees, provided reparations and created a public education fund to inform the public about the internment of such individuals so as to prevent the recurrence of any similar event.
Congress should have enrolled in its own reeducation program. By passing the Military Commission's Act, aka the Torture Bill, Congress has granted the Bush Administration extraordinary powers to detain and interrogate and prosecute alleged terrorists and their supporters.
Anyone anywhere in the world at any time may be similarly classified as an unlawful enemy combatant by the executive branch, seasoned and detained in definitely a military presence.
As Bruce Akerman points out of the LA Times, the definition of unlawful enemy combatant includes those who purposefully and materially supported hostilities against the US by say writing a check to a Middle East tyranny and may extend the US citizens.
Thanks to these supreme courts' decision in Homme D. versus Rumsfeld, US citizens at least appear to retain habeas corpus rights a foundation of western jurisprudence.
For our nationals do not, the act explicitly denies them the rid of habeas corpus the right to be charged and tried and the right to appeal any convictions in accord of law.
These wartime powers rival and exceed those assumed by Roosevelt during WWII, even worse, unlike the case of executive order in 1960s, Congress has given President Bush the stamp of legislative authority.
In this context perhaps the most craven vote cast for the Torture Bill came from Senator Arlen's specter. Though he believes the bill to be patently unconstitutional on its face, he voted for it anyway because he hopes the court will claim the court will be a court of law.
He has seen it up, but there is no reason to believe the court will like it in any such manner.
As Akraman points out that the Koro-Matsu case which validated Japanese in term still stands as President, since 9-11 federal courts in the Bush administration have used Koro-Matsu-like language to define a state of emergency and justify racial profiling.
And wingnuts like Michelle Malkin have argued that racial profiling and the intention of Japanese during WWII was justified as his profiling and intention of Arabs in the war on terror.
As Akraman argues, Congressional support of presidential power will make it much easier to extend the Koro-Matsu decision to further mass seizures.
Moreover, Hamden vs. Rumsfeld, a Supreme Court case that temporarily jeopardized Bush's extra-judicial detention, specifically said it lacked a congressional approval, not Congress has given him this approval.
For those who believe that mass and term can ever happen again, the U.S. now holds 14,000 detainees in prisons in Iraq, Gitmo, Afghanistan and other undisclosed locations.
14,000 people who can be held indefinitely without a fair trial by secret evidence to which they have no accessor that may be obtained by what most considered torture.
14,000 in counting, never again, is now.
Now we would never do it in the right way to ban.
Of course not.
Until it became a sub-game.
I better go out and get that Bob Woodward book.
I can leave right now and be back in less than an hour.
I'll play some music.
I'll read that transcript.
Yeah, Bet you would.
912 votes.
11,000 before noon on those dolphins, man.
I still can't get over it.
As much as I was hoping that they would lose an idea, I just can't convince myself that they lost to an invisible team that was 0 and 3.
And you do realize, Josh, by any luck, with any luck except for one penalty, they'd be 0 and 4 now?
Yeah.
Pettily and that's an interesting game that...
And you do realize I did tell you there would be a really tough game for the dolphins and you didn't believe me?
Well, I couldn't believe it.
I saw it and I still couldn't believe it.
I mean, just like I saw a day of paper, it's kicked Cincinnati ass right there in Cincinnati and I still can't believe that.
It's amazing to me.
I thought I would be watching football on the tube, you do understand that.
Of course not.
I spent all day Sunday watching football on the...
Anyway, 925 votes.
And we got 25 people said super rule and 4 people said playoffs.
All right.
What is Miss Folly on there?
4 we fall out.
It's hours.
It is White House briefing.
You'll see a lot.
Oh yeah, Tony Snow and of course she's saying that but it'll be put it will put it up.
It's not a big deal.
He never stole a freight train.
The biggest name.
The best talent in this is the O'Rodgers.
4th radio 560.
UAM.
Football fans.
William and Burger King want you to have super mode 41 seconds.
Stop by any participating Burger King restaurant.
Each week I look for that week's special WQAM text message code.
Then text that keyword to 25430.
And you'll be automatically entered for a chance to win.
Tickets to a super ball 40 more than Dolphin Stadium.
But she lost a Pantor for a chance to win.
Seekest to see your favorite hometown team.
You were seen in Aqua N Orange.
Tell me your QAM and Burger King will be giving away 25 pairs of tickets to each home game at Dolphin Stadium.
How that you are wearing.
25 pairs of tickets to each regular season home game.
And a pair of tickets to Super Bowl 41.
From Burger King and 420560.
QAM.
Seekest to 10.
Super 31.
Seekest to lose.
We're just waiting for your game.
We're going to transfer complete details.
This is 420560.
WQAM Miami Fort Laudite.
This is your brain.
This is your brain on drugs.
This is your brain being chopped up by a finely honed meat keever.
This is your brain in a blender.
And this is your brain being stirred into a big pot of chili.
Mmm, brains.
Real food for real people.
You falsely accused me of giving aid and comfort to Ben Laden because of what happened at Somali.
No one knew Al Qaeda existed.
The end.
If you're wrong, then you know it, blame the sins.
Then the son of his go-and-place sins.
If you're wrong, then you know it, blame the sins.
Roar.
And his army is slow and no matter where you go with blame the sins.
If you're wrong, then you know it's plain place in.
It's corruption, it's still going plain place in.
If the man released his going,
with all the hell and the chill and temp,
there were reasons for plain place in.
Richard Clark and all the intelligence people said
that I ordered a vigorous attempt to get men locked in.
And staying close to repair, with anybody who has since.
And you guys try to create the opposite impression
when all you have to do is read Richard Clark's findings.
And you know it's not true.
It's just not true.
Love it on one at 560 WDQM.
Here's the facts that says if any has to in the Republicans
really had with the public's interest in mind,
oh yeah, they would have sent fully to one of those special defaging
cases when they first found out about his problem.
Yeah, they would have like made him a member of the ex-gays
and ex-peter files, whatever hell is problem.
They basically go with on hands.
Plus he's got a hand.
That's what he wanted to do, lay on hands, with that page.
And that goes into the thing.
Now guess how long has that story been under?
Josh, about a half an hour you put it on there?
Yeah, about there.
It's already number five on Hit Parade moving up the charts
like Crazy Honor or a website.
Well, that's because you didn't finish reading it.
Markful, I'm not going to finish reading or have you.
You go ahead and you finish reading it, okay?
See how long we leave your sorry ass on the ear.
God, 950 votes on the pool and by the way,
26 people say they're smell unsuperable.
Mmm, I smell something and play off five.
That's in last place.
That's holding up the rear only five.
The next statement error, rapidly going through a close.
Although I will say this, at least they scored a touchdown.
Right?
Yeah, for that.
They scored a top and a top.
They thought it'd off an off as they scored a touchdown again.
This is what it was down to.
A couple of field rules and then pretty much that's it.
And that two point conversion man, that was the thing of the beauty.
Speaking of Republicans, Republicans Charlie Kriss is taking a command
in 21-point lead over Democratic Jim Davis
and the race to be Florida's next governor according to a pool in the
herald.
21-point lead, 51-2.
BOT-3, man.
And the side will be international pool.
About 16% of voters are undecided and nobody has any idea who Jim
Davis is anyway.
The catch-up Davis would have to win over all of the fence
and peel away crisp supporters.
With the popular Republican governor,
Phantasia Bush leaving office and competitive races underway for
cabinet legislature, Florida Democrats had hoped to regain a
toehold in Tennessee this election, but the gaping margin between
Kristen Davis at the top of the ticket threatens to drag down other
Democratic candidates on the November 7th ballot.
If Jim loses by 15 points, other candidates could really suffer
instead state senator Steve Gellar of Hallendale Beach,
the Democratic Senate leader.
Kristen Trinnell polls have shown such a solid lead that some close
advisers as campaign team has already begun to discuss
plans for his administration.
He's locking up Republican voters, corralling more than half of the
independence even siphoning of Florida Democrats,
core of the herald pool.
How do you like that?
Lincoln voters, corralling more than half of the independence even siphoning of
Florida Democrats, core of the herald pool.
How do you like that?
Among Democratic voters, Davis gets only 65% in contrast.
Christ gets 85% of the Republican votes.
Nobody knows Jim James Jim Davis from Butch Davis.
Butch Davis, former Hurricanes coach, former Cleveland Browns coach,
a real Yahoo man, a really drooling Yahoo.
Which Davis?
Who can't even pronounce his name right?
Who can't even pull all the pools all the time?
That's what Mark Foley wants.
How's your poll doing?
My fault, thank you.
I'm asking that.
I was just quoting some more.
You wanted me to re-connect those emails.
Oh, I was under too.
Well, something like that.
Oh yeah.
You want to know whether it was turgid, whether it was...
It's a fridose.
Okay.
It's typical kind of thing you'd expect the congressman to write to a 60-year-old page.
Oh, he's moved into number four now.
Mark Foley instant message, message, chance with congressional page.
Move down into a tie for fourth.
And moving up the hit parade.
I bet you by the time we leave here at two o'clock it's going to be clips.
How Mark Foley represents Bridhuman Fox News, which is number one at the moment.
With over 200 reads.
There's my good friend, Susan Candy-Odi.
Originated in the state of Florida.
It is not clear where that investigation will lead, but the FBI is the lead on it.
Susan Candy-Odi.
I'm on the top.
Yeah, the FBI eye is in on it.
And like that, other articles said, just the tip of the iceberg.
That's what he wanted to see, just a tip.
I got it.
US Senator George Allen's Democratic opponent has closed the gap in the race, reflecting two
difficult weeks for the first time Republican battling claims of racial insensivity.
This is Senator McCoccawitz by the way for those who are uninitiated.
Allen and Jim Webb each had supported 43% of the response to the new MSNBC McClatsy poll,
conducted by Mason Dixon Pollion Research, Mason Dixon Line, baby.
I'm sure you'll love that whole idea of the Mason Dixon Line, sure.
12% were decided 2% backed into Pentech-Made, Gail Parker.
Allen, who was of course positioning himself for a 2008 presidential race disease-saught
in the United States.
Allen saw a support drop in a poll since he's single about 20-year-old Web campaign volunteer
of Indian Ascited nearly all by rally Augustine.
He called him a CACA.
A word considered a racial slur in some cultures.
And his mother was from Sudan.
Did you know that?
There were many CACAs.
I see.
And it only was a word that was used in the family.
Of course, he had the press had the audacity to say,
oh, he just made it up.
The latest poll was conducted amid new widely publicized claims by Allen's former University of Virginia football
teammates that in the early 70s,
Allen often used the N word to refer to black people.
Allen said in the Friday night interview on the Fox News Network that Web and the Hoisinette Oxymoron Fox News.
That Web and his Democratic allies were fanting the issues to confuse the voters.
Web campaign threat and just Steve Jarding said the poll show of Allen is in a tail spin.
He's named Maconco with tail spin.
Oh, school locked out in Vegas.
In on units arriving there.
Well, a day without a school shooter in our community,
this is like a day without sunshine.
We believe we have a perimeter around him out that house.
A student they brought a gun to school.
The idea of a student is you have to tell them that it was a former student.
That's what Mark Foley said.
That you might have some idea who this person is.
Maybe reports from other students or what are you getting?
Well, indications now are yes.
We do know who he is.
We believe he's a juvenile.
We just think he's a former student who had been trespassed from the school.
Is that what they said in Casanova,
he was constantly on Friday too.
He was a former student and later on it turned out it was a 50 year old student in the school.
You know, all the misinformation all the time.
We just make it up.
If you don't have the info, just make it up.
That's what we do.
We haven't got a clue what those going on.
So we just talk crap.
You know, make it up.
How about Catherine Harrison, that plane?
What about it?
When I do love the guy who was spot with many me.
That's just yeah.
That's all over the place now.
It's birthday.
Yeah.
He is the best.
He's great.
Yes he is.
Tells his name again.
Earn Troyer.
Travis Vickles, that is name?
Yes.
You talking to me?
Let's see.
We got 970 votes before 1130 will be passed at 1,000 mark easy.
No problem at all.
We're just rolling along.
We're doing it.
You know, and the fact that it all depends on this one and three start.
Easily easily could be 0 and 4.
That means they're going to lose even more millions across the city.
Get on another fastly dolphin season.
Is that going to be bad?
Hmm.
They're probably losing even more than we lost on the Marlins.
Anybody want those Marlins games next season?
No.
Come on, you can have them.
Wrap it up and put a nice bow on it for you.
British troops battling the Taliban are to withdraw from one of the most dangerous areas of Afghanistan.
This is from the Brit times online after green to a secret deal with local people, with the local Yokels.
Over the past two months British soldiers have come under sustained attack defending a remote mud wall government outpost in the town of Musa Kalai.
And southern Afghanistan eight have been killed there.
It's now been agreed the troops will quietly pull out of Musa Kalai and return for the Taliban doing the same.
The compound is one of four district governments offices in the Helm on Province being guarded by British troops.
Although soldiers on the ground may welcome the agreement it's likely to raise new questions about troop deployment.
Last month, Sir Richard did not, the new head of the British Army warned that soldiers in Afghanistan were fighting at the limit of their capacity and can only just cope with the demands.
When British troops were first sent to Afghanistan it was hoped they would help kickstart the country's reconstruction.
But under pressure from President Karzai, the Unicael Stouge, they were forced to defend Afghan government district centers at Musa Kalai, sang in Naazad and Kajaki.
And Kawasaki.
Remember Kawasaki being given by Kevin Wallace, the compound of part 158 and 2.
974 hosts on the poll and excuse me for continuing to go back to that stance page.
But isn't it curious that we've had that thing under for like about 35 minutes?
And that's what the public wants. You right I should read the whole thing.
Telling you.
I'm not going to read the whole thing.
You can see them instant message chat.
Oh yeah, they left the other one.
It's in a clear number four and moving toward the top.
A hundred people are right at her in just 35, 40 minutes.
They want it.
Wow, they're politically oriented. Don't you understand?
It's exactly.
They're activists. They're specifically minded.
Yeah, just like Mark Folio's.
Why he's got a booze problem, man. That's a catch-all, you know.
It's kind of like Mel Gibson.
He's not an anti-Semite. He's not a bigot.
He's not a Holocaust and I.
He's just got a little bit of a problem.
The booze made me do it.
By the way, all you pseudo intellectuals out there quit writing these movie reviews on IMDb.
You're not going to read it. That's a lot of stuff.
I'm going to read it on the end.
Who do you think writes those things?
Are you trying to say, hey, is that what you're trying to say?
Oh, this suits.
Well, that's what I love about the right to review.
That's what I just said.
If it were for them, there wouldn't be anybody writing reviews on it.
Oh, Bernalucci is such a genius.
Well, the movie The Dreamers was on again over the weekend.
Of course, you know, there was all that nudity in there, including Eva Green and Michael Pitt and her ugly brother.
But in any rate, you know, I was compelled to spirit a christ movie to watch it again.
And I know we talked about it before.
And then you go on IMDb and you read all these reviews.
And you wonder, were they watching the same flip that I was watching?
Yeah.
I mean, it was, it was okay.
There were a lot of suggestive stuff in there.
And then some that wasn't even suggested.
We were more explicit.
But he didn't really have the balls to carry out what the message he was trying to give whatever that was.
And then this business about, wow, you know, the three characters were a metaphorist for something.
They don't know for what.
Everything is a metaphor for something, right?
Yeah, well, I know that the Eva Green, she was a metaphor for a naked chick and I got it.
Yeah.
And Michael Pitt, he was a metaphor for a kid that kept getting up out of the bathtub stark naked with his, you know, the important part of the plot wasn't lost on me.
In fact, wasn't Mark Foley playing at Kingston Trio song for the 16 year old page hang down your head, Tom Dooley?
That's what Michael Pitt was doing in this movie a lot.
I think part of that part was filmed at the dragon inn, which I didn't know that that was in Paris.
And then of course, the rebelist you on, baby, in the streets of the end of the movie, which made no sense, let's hit the streets, you know, and all of a sudden they're activists.
The kid and his sister, they were active the whole movie.
Well, they were more like new activists.
And then of course, the scene I love is when the parents come in, you know, into places in the total turmoil.
And then they look under that make believe that, well, what would you call that thing a tent that they were sleeping in the sky?
Yeah, they pitched a tent.
Yeah, that's what it looked like when Michael got up out of the bathtub real fast.
But anyway, and so as a punishment for this kind of aberrant bizarre behavior, the father writes a check and leaves it on the counter to it.
Uh-huh.
But it's Colonel Lucey, he's a genius.
See, I'm just a dumb old slob, man. I never understand any of these things.
I'm not a great intellectual like the people who read these reviews. I'm not qualified to do that.
I don't want to say a lot of these suits have just happened to be gay, but it seems like anytime that there's any kind of faggery at all, all these suits just rave about it.
Yeah, but they were disappointed that we never actually saw anything explicit between the brother and Michael Pitt.
That happened. That's true.
A lot of suggestion there, but the bird Lucey didn't have the balls to show it.
Yeah, I suggest next time you use two girls.
Or maybe just get Mark only knew the cast.
The biggest name of the best Alex the business wheel Rogers for radio 560.
We share a M.
Okay.
The stench of power manure covers over this performance by the dolphin.
Now, inside addition, George, the new movie, Death of a President. Have you seen it?
I had to say it.
It's a fictitious movie about, um...
I haven't seen the movie.
About your death.
Uh-huh.
Do you know what the word fictitious means?
Not really.
It means not real.
Because you're not dead.
I know that.
Yeah.
Um, some people say that you're brain dead.
I simply do not agree.
What's your IQ?
300 billion.
Really?
What's your IQ?
13.5.
Whoa!
I don't have intelligence.
That's a problem.
Oh, we don't have a problem.
Let's ignore it.
Inside addition, we'll be right back.
Number 18 and 560 WQAM.
So anyway, Foley says at 80831, get a ruler and measure it for me.
Oh, see I got these back out again because you're so demanding.
Maybe he's talking about the window.
Kid says, I've already told you that.
Foley, tell me again.
Kid says 7.5.
Foley goes, mmmm, and the reason that it's like, uh, 20 m's.
20 m's after the U.
Mmmmmmmmmm.
Beautiful.
Kid, this is laugh out loud.
Foley, that's a great size.
Kid, thank you.
And then it goes on.
I can't, uh...
The word stiff is in there here and there.
But I'm just not going to read the rest of it.
Okay, just to drop in a few little bits and pieces and you can read it on our website.
Okay.
Okay.
Foley.
Foley is the term, old troll.
Mark Foley is a, a merry old troll who's got a booze problem, too.
He says, right.
He says, don't call him merry.
I eventually got a thousand votes.
I think we had 999 last time I checked.
Thousand and four.
Let's hear it.
How do you like that?
And 5 people say that often to make the playoffs.
And 26 people say they're going to make the Super Bowl,
which is one of the great jokes in the history of my country.
We're trying to civil war, but it smells more like septic tank to me.
The FBI's top counter-terrorism official harbors lots of concerns, weapons of mass destruction.
I detected homegrown terrorists and the possibility that old-fashioned mobsters will team up with a kind of for the right price.
Though there's no direct evidence yet of organized crime collaborating with terrorists,
the first hints of a connection surfaced in a recent undercover FBI operation.
Agent stuff, the man with legs mob ties from selling missiles to an informant,
posing as a terrorist middleman, a pimp.
In that case, another factor is our heightening concerns about a real life episode of these sopranos
teaming with those some of the lawdens followers.
We're continuing to look for a nexus said Joseph Billy Jr.,
the FBI's top counter-terrorism official,
we're looking at this very aggressively.
But the new strategy involves an analysis of nationwide criminal investigations,
especially white collar crime, side by side with intelligence and terrorist activity.
We've developed an ability to look harder and broader and greatly enhance way to see if there is any crossover,
Billy said, and interview with the A&P.
Organized crimes and against could facilitate money transfers or laundering,
humans smuggling, ID fraud or explosives and weapons acquisitions officials said.
The options are many for terrorist groups.
There are five repeated La Costa Nostra families in New York,
Russian criminal enterprises from Brighton Beach in New York,
Burow, Brooklyn, Damascus,
and the emerging aging crimes and against them operated in many Islamic countries without cattle offshoots.
A contract study produced recently for the Pentagon on a campaign by the A&P warned
that the potential for organized crime and assisting terrorists is growing.
Didn't know what it also said, those emails it's growing?
I think that's what it said.
Now, if you were 16 and you were getting emails like this from somebody who was supposed to be a reputable member of Congress,
it's a bundle of what you look like.
No, a guy?
Oh.
I mean, wouldn't your response be, what are you talking about?
I mean, wouldn't you be a little, I don't know.
You fag my neck's hot, be like to my lawyer, asking him how much can I get out of this?
Right, there you go.
That would be a good idea.
Blackmail sounds like a hell of an idea.
Thousands of women votes on the pool.
The conclusion is the saving era is rapidly drawing to a close.
Oh, speaking of those good religions, you're going to love this.
They cry, pray to Bush and wash out the devil.
Welcome to Jesus Camp.
Oh, it's been all over the place.
A documentary on evangelical Christian children's camps has caused an upper and a USA.
This is from the Guardian UK.
The children of kids on fire summer camp are intent as they pray over cardboard cut out of President George Bush.
They raise their hands in the air and sway eyes closes.
They join the chant for righteous judges.
Tears stream down their faces.
This is like a madrasas all over again, absolutely.
Tears stream down their faces as they're told that they are phonies and hypocrites
and must wash their hands and bottled water to drive out the devil.
Better not be the peri-a man at the French Fri, the freedom Fri, that French P in it.
The documentary film Jesus Camp follows three children of the kids on fire
pentacostle summer camp in the small city of Devils Lake, North Dakota.
I bet you that's a hop in town.
Tory aged ten tells the camera off.
She likes Christian heavy metal rock and roll rather than Britney Spears, that bitch.
When I dance, she says she can warts about her bedroom.
I have to make sure that that's God.
People will notice when I'm just dancing for the flesh.
Filmed over a year by a two-year-old base documentary maker,
is the film has caused a führer since it opened in the Midwest two weeks ago,
sending evangelical Christians against non-believers and separating pentacostle
from non-pennacostle evangelicals.
One group of gaskies against another.
By the way, a solemn young kipper, they don't say happy young kipper, it's the day of a torment.
When you have to tone for your sins, Miss Foley, have yourself a festive young killer.
Saddle, troll.
After a TV news report about the film became a hit on youdq.com.
It attracted media attention across the company and opens in LA today.
Let's see, is it stated today?
September 9th, the island opened this weekend, Saturday.
Some critics say that the often raw approach used by the camp's founder,
Pastor Becky Fisher, as she prepares the children for war, is too scary.
Other's accused of documentary makers have distorting pastor Fisher's message.
Jesus camped as a sarcastic documentary that paints evangelical fundamentalist charismatic
and politically-consuring Christians as very shrill, war-like and dangerous
aquatic road on the Christian website, movieguy.org.
Yeah, boy, we wouldn't want to do that.
At one point, Pastor Fisher equates the preparation she's giving children with a training of service in the Middle East.
I want to see young people who are committed to the cause of Jesus as the young people are
to the cause of Islam, she tells the camera.
What did I tell you?
Mm-hmm.
It's Madras' part two.
I want to see them radically laying down their lives for the gospel as they are over in Pakistan and Israel and Palestine.
Those comments, coffee, I have talking, head singer David Byrne, who saw the film of the festival in Washington, in June.
I kept saying to myself, okay, these are the Christian version of the Madras' he wrote on his blog.
So both sides are pretty much equally sick.
Sick!
The film garnered more publicity with Michael Morsecreen, it against the distributed wishes at his Traverse City Film Festival.
One member of the audience there said after seeing it, that people in the film were so bizarre, yet they were so sincere, they were like Leslie Neelson in their plane.
The film won the Festival's Ski-Riest Movie Award.
Extreme liberals who look at this should be quaking in their boots, Pastor Fisher says at one point in the film.
She goes out and tells the children, mostly aged 7-12, this is a sick old world, kids you got to change things, this means war.
You're part of it?
Despite her sometimes unsyphithetic portrayal in Jesus camp, she helped the makers hidey you and Rachel Grady promote the film.
They're out to tell us during they found ground and they found it with some of the political things she told the LA Times.
And they're out to show the most dramatic exotic extreme things they found in my ministry.
And I'm not ashamed of those things, but without context it's really difficult to defend what you're seeing on the screen.
The filmmakers say that they're set out to examine the two cultures in contemporary America.
Clearly there are two parallel Americas they say on the film's website.
One is a conservative counterculture comprised of tens of millions of evangelical Christians who feel engaged in a culture war with what they perceive as immorality and godless liberalism.
But they deny that they deliberately misinterpreted their subjects or even took sides in the debate.
We intentionally made a film that was the void of a point of view to say the co-director Rachel Grady.
We did expect different reactions, but how stark those differences are has been fascinating.
One camp watches it and want to send their kids to the camp. On the other end there are people who want to call the cops.
But the reaction from some evangelical groups has already harmed the film which opened to us in some Midwestern states.
The Reverend Ted Hagrid who runs the 30 million strong National Association of Evangelicals and appears in the film called him as followers to shun the film.
The box office in the Midwest did not meet the distributors' expectations.
The Reverend Hagrid said the film was too literal in its presentation of some of the opinions of Pastor Fisher.
My concern is that those on the far left will use it to reinforce their most negative stereotypes of Christian believers they told Christianity today.
The war talk he said was allegorical. It doesn't mean we're going to establish a Theocracy and force people to obey what they think is God's law.
Ms. Grady said she was disappointed by his reaction.
We're very disappointed that somebody with such clout has rejected the movie she said I think he doesn't like how he comes across in the movie.
Pastor Becky Fisher seems to be enjoying her momentous celebrity. I've gotten thousands of hits on my website each of the early times.
I'm wearing sunglasses in the airports that's really making me nervous.
According to the website, Pastor Fisher worked in business for 23 years, be taking it before taking it a full-time ministry.
She managed two family enterprises, a motel and an FM radio station for 10 years, and then a little custom science chef and work part time as a children's pastor at her local church in Bismarck, North Dakota.
Her kids ministry international states on its website. We believe that childhood is the time that God designed for people to receive the gospel.
And all the controversy is generated by the film. Pastor Fisher has defended herself. Excuse me, she says in the film, but we have the truth.
How do you like that? She's having the truth.
Maybe she's got a drinking problem. It's always a good excuse.
The biggest name of the best talent to the business is Leo Rogers.
Your Salesforce Radio 560 is UAM.
I heard it in the dark.
That's the movie.
You're fairy.
Oh, the heart is glad.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You're from your childhood in my bowling.
Oh, having too much fun with too much rolling.
Yeah, yeah.
You've got to be happy for the time being.
You've got to be happy for the time being.
You've got to be happy for the time being.
You've got to be happy for the time being.
You've got to be happy for the time being.
You've got to be happy for the time being.
You've got to be happy for the time being.
You've got to be happy for the time being.
You've got to be happy for the time being.
You've got to be happy for the time being.
You've got to be joy for the time being.
You've got to be happy for the time being.
You've got to be happy for the time being.
We started shampooing.
And we started...
Now you tell me that the intercom is going back on E,
we had that problem once before.
The only problem is that,
And then the only problem is that you don't give it enough time when you press the button.
You got to give it like a beat and then talk.
Well, what does that mean?
Press the button.
Otherwise it goes on the air.
Otherwise it goes on the air.
Just a pause, like a second.
The first word or syllable of everything.
What does that mean?
That means that there's a delay when you press that button.
Like a one second delay before it cuts off the program.
Full E says take it out.
Pause is.
I'm just reading selected parts here, okay?
I'm trying to do a lot of context so that not as a grant I see.
Kids as BRB, be right back.
My mom is yelling, fully okay.
Then like three minutes later, back, fully cool.
Hope she didn't see anything.
Kid, no, no, she's computer dumb though.
It makes me so mad, fully good.
Aha.
What the hell was that?
Oh, he was about it.
What?
That.
Oh, because you can't do anything.
I mean, a fully, oh well.
Kids says she couldn't figure out how to download a file from an email and open it.
Lucky for them, I guess, huh?
Yeah.
Folks, but on airs speaking of mock rakers, there's that Jack S. Tom Fiedler on CNN, no less.
That was all the other Jack S. Tom Fiedler.
Yes, that's right.
At least that's right.
Yes, that's right.
Usually email that went to the page.
You worked with him.
I hear he heard it down a rice doing Tom.
Where's the email?
We can't read code and messages.
Yeah, and at the time you decided, the paper decided not to write a piece.
Based on the email.
Yeah, the new one that I was talking about.
What your concerns were?
Several.
I think that we felt initially that the language, although I think it was probably inappropriate,
was also ambiguous in what it actually meant or what the...
Yeah, so what a draw you would diagram Tom.
A big question for us.
I think he was a real friend of mine who had been initiated by the page rather than
the backboard.
What's this guy's story?
Initiated by the graph.
Tom's only.
Yeah, because I mean, Mark Feeler, as being very in on, he was...
He's the big investigative hot chap from the Miami Herald.
Not you know, Dick, whatever the hell his name is.
He worked, Bradley, and it did.
Tom McInery.
Tom McInery is overly friendly as the speaker has said.
Hey, Tom, did you overly friendly, right?
Yeah, that's how I would describe that stuff.
I just read this a little bit overly friendly.
Certainly not sexual and certainly not true.
Really, of course, huh?
Can you only imagine that this was an isolated incident.
In fact, it was the only one that had come to our attention.
Obviously, in hindsight, when this resurface last Thursday on ABC's website, we went back
and looked at it to see if there was something that we may have missed.
And of course, along with much of the rest of the...
Yeah, how many times...
How many times in the last year or two have I told you that Mark Foley was gay?
About...
About 30,000 times.
About 30,000 times I told you that.
Just like Charlie Christie, next governor.
You know, not that there would be anything wrong with that necessarily.
You know, not that that would automatically make him some kind of a pedophile who was
trolling for underage pages on the internet.
But in this case, it didn't.
It was.
And Tom Peelus says, well, we didn't think it was...
And the prayer was vague and ambiguous, right?
If I read you the...
Well, any of this stuff, I already read you.
What kind of a moron would you have to be not to understand what the hell he's getting
at?
Right.
How big is it?
And boy, what I like to be there now and slip off those...
Well, whatever.
Yeah, you know.
It's a normal conversation that guys have with each other.
That's correct.
It's Guy Talk.
That's what Tom Peelus thinks.
Yeah.
Gay talk.
Exactly.
It's Troll Talk, TT.
Troll Talk.
A small town theater owner says he wasn't trying to send Hollywood a message when he shut down
for two weeks rather than show the box office leader, Jack S2, or other than he releases
that he calls the drivel.
He shut down rather than show Jack S2.
Yeah, well, I saw it and it's one of the funniest freaking movies I've ever seen.
Well, you're not going to be going to this theater then and hoopsed in Illinois.
But even if not purposeful, Greg Bordman's blank screen protest is getting a thumbs up
from moviegoers who are long for family fear and serious mothers who say his theaters are
one of the few diversions, especially for children in this farming town of about 6,000 people.
They ain't much going on there.
They're not appropriate for really anybody, but I'm sure when let my kids go to one of
them, these are his convictions he needs to stand by them.
Steve Lloyd, 59 of nearby Rossville Illinois, said of offering such as beer fest and the
Jack S2 will have briefly landed a closed sign on the marquee outside Bordman's Lorraine
Theater.
Jack S features Johnny Knoxville and his gang performing crazy stunt-soft involving
self-inflicted pain.
Beer fest revolves around fictional siblings who participate in an Olympic-style drinking
competition.
I wonder if Mark Follieson on that has got a drinking problem.
The 84-year-old 500-seat Lorraine Theater in downtown Hoops in Rio open Friday showing
Disney's football biopic Invincible.
Now we're talking while on 85-seat sister theater down the street, we lit a screen with
Sony's animated kids movie Open Season.
I guess the dreamers is not going to be shown soon in any of those theaters in Hoops
in Illinois.
Hoops in native PJ Klingon Peel said the project you should never been Klingon Peel.
I say I'll slip on it.
That's like Belch in the Fart Klingon Peel.
Said the project you should never have been turned off in the first place.
He said the two weeks shut down the only hurt children in this town where Boardman's
movie houses are an a skating rink about all he got to do outside of school and sports.
All he did was ruin a lot of kids' weekends.
That's why I think he's a crybaby.
He said Klingon Peel a 30-year-old welder.
BOT 3rd man.
Boardman says he's sorry that darkened screens cut him in the town's limited entertainment
options.
But he says he'll shut down again if faced with a similar batch of films, adding that
contractual issues with the studios such as guarantees on first week receipts sometimes
limit his options.
Yeah, the mommy Harold and Tom Feedler thought that it was just ambiguous wording there in
that exchange of e-mail.
Maybe some of you folks out of the same time are a couple of diagrams.
Okay, draw some pictures.
Oh, you do exactly what it was.
Explain what the hell they were talking about.
Politic partisan rags.
Yeah.
Piece of crap.
They don't want to ruffle any feathers there in a Harold.
But of course, when it was Gary Hart, when it was the Democratic Senate, it was running
for president.
And when he had to take him up on his challenge, you know, he had to put on that yellow trench
coat and go chase him, Gary and Donna Rice around and that boat, the boat of him.
That's the Harold for you, pandering to a group of people who hate them like poison, you
know what I mean?
That's the crowd.
They hate you.
They wish you would die, Tom.
Nineteen till noon, where we got a lot of votes on this pool about the dolphins and the
consensus is they suck thousand and sixty five votes.
And only five people say six people now play us.
And twenty seven people say we're smelling it, man.
We're thinking, I think I'm capable.
That's right.
I'm capable.
Why have you hit your toilet floor?
So what do you try to tell me that when I hit the, the, the, the intercom here, this
is, this is what we went through.
Yes.
Yeah.
You have to give it a pause before you start talking.
Why?
And then if I don't what happens, everything goes through.
Three years and the first syllable of everything you say goes up for a syllable.
Well, how about if I, uh, weren't like with F like forget about it, then that would be
choice.
I mean, that's not my choice.
Yeah, we'll try during the break.
Forget about it.
Say fire truck.
Crimes with.
And that's what it's like.
Okay.
Enough already with the filth today.
Okay.
It's only Monday now.
Ready?
You're starting out.
Not good enough.
Not good enough.
That's not pornographic.
And I've seen enough for you.
We got Joe Zagaki for the hopper.
Yeah, okay, because it's a young kippur.
Hey, listen, isn't it high time you took this dress and we're at a last minute hurricane
preparations?
Don't be a schmuck again.
A wait till the hurricane is just upon your neighborhood because then it's too late.
The hurricane shutters outlet manufactures easy to use accordion shutters and other provide
experience.
Two of you need to stick it in there for you.
Nine five four two three seven seven eighty three.
They feature rolled downs, accordions and panels.
Just let the hurricane shutters outlet custom make it even install shutters for you.
Call nine five four two three seven seventy eighty three right now.
Get on your way to top-knock protection.
The hurricane shutters outlet is family owned and operated.
Their license is insured and they brought and homage county approved.
They stuck all sizes of clear polycarbonate hurricane panels and aluminum panels cut
to your specifications.
They're ready for pickup delivery.
Or like I said, if you want to leave an install in for you too.
The public and all contractors are welcome major credit cards accepted.
And when you do call, be sure and tell them the old meals since you buy because they'll
give you a hundred bucks off a minimum order of 350 square feet just for mentioning my
name.
The hurricane shutters outlet call nine five four two three seven seven oh eight three
or log onto their website hurricane shutter outlet dot com.
The biggest name of the best talent to visit.
20560 to AM.
This station presents real American heroes.
Today we salute you, Mr. eBay captain of industry.
Whether it's grandma's prosthetic leg, a GI Joe with kung fu grip or a water pump from
us 79.
You smell money where others smell garbage.
One man's trash is another man's option.
Armed only with a digital camera of PC and a detailed knowledge of you, Guio cards.
You, Mr. eBay captain of industry have created an empire.
Your reserve is always low.
So the next time you purchase a set of vintage clown figures or a mama's family beta max
box set, be sure to use pay by and get positive feedback to Mr. eBay captain of industry.
A real American hero.
You made how much of that autograph Kevin federal line hat.
Mark Foley said that kid handled that package carefully.
I think he did say something like that.
That's up to number three by the way on our hit parade.
And by the end of the show, that's going to be the most red thing on our website.
Mark Foley's instant message chance with congressional page.
Maybe you know, since you want to have a lot of hits on the website, you should just
change the format to all the filthy Republican sex stories.
Oh, well, we don't have that much room though.
Josh gets tired after the first 4050 stories.
Yes, I do.
Hey, listen, there's only like about 17 of mine.
I heard somebody number three with a bullet.
Yeah, not about a week.
Hmm?
Not a bad weekend for still.
There you go.
I didn't want to overdo it.
Plus I didn't have much energy after it's a 12 hour marathon.
Lose my ass.
It would mind Saturday and give him back most of what I won last week.
I'll tell you one thing.
It's like they got a camera going there.
If you want a certain amount, they make them sure they get it back as fast as they can
because you might, you know, skip town or something with their money.
Spot.
Delray parishioners have mixed reaction in the wake of charges against priests.
Remember that story on Friday about those two priests that ripped off all of that cash?
Yeah.
The mercy of the St. Vincent Ferrer faithful was tested yesterday in the first full day
of mass and stoos two former priests were charged with steaming as much as $8.6 million
in church funds.
What's 9 million among friends?
Hundreds of tentative masses throughout the day at the Catholic church on George Bush Boulevard
in Delray Beach.
Services that on the surface seem like any other day.
But these are no ordinary times.
Bishop Gerald Barbary, the the Palm Beach stisies, told parishioners.
These are very serious allegations against the priestess sign here.
Barbary, the told the ADM comrade.
Barbary, wasn't he in like happy days?
Welcome back, Cata.
Welcome back, Cata.
That wasn't John Revolter, was it?
Barbary, no.
No, no.
Hey, Johnny.
You ferry.
There are feelings of hurt of betrayal.
The Lord holds high standards for all of us.
Most of all, those who take leadership positions in the church, he be saying.
Barbary, no.
Barbary, those remarks came at the end of an hour long service in which little was mentioned
of what the priests had been or what they've charged with.
The closest month senior Leonard Badea came, was an opening sermon on what happens to
those who sin.
A speech changed with sadness and frustration.
You know what happens to him, don't you?
No.
What?
Well, I'll find it here somewhere.
They all are.
That's right.
I see.
I hope we have a smile on our face this morning.
It's been a difficult week, you said.
But what would life be like without crisis?
But we're here because of Christ.
Well, maybe he's here because of the governor.
Then I've got a gift.
Christ following your long investigation in church finance.
I don't want to read that thing again about how much to 8.6, well, almost 8.7 million.
Yeah.
Inoffer to a cash and a scheme going back decades.
Yeah, the church is upset because only they're allowed to steal from the parishioners.
Police say, scheme and guin-an use some of their money to buy properties in Palm Beach
County and their native Ireland to pay for, oh, they must have a drinking problem.
Irish to pay for gambling trips to Vegas and the Bahamas and to support women that
the probable cause of David describes his girlfriends.
Well, at least they had girlfriends.
That's the step of the right direction.
A prize or something for them.
Yeah.
Makes the story very hard to believe.
Ski and surf, same Vincent for 40 years until his retirement in 2003, presiding over
the churches, a group from a few hundred to several thousand parishioners and the
secretary just keep coming back.
He was arrested Wednesday in the United Palm Beach International Airport after returning
from Ireland and posted bond on Friday.
Meanwhile, possibly police believe, guin-an-an-as-dakating in Australia, possibly on a cruise.
Oh, yeah.
I'm going to be the first proof we've seen cruising.
Guin-an was passed with St. Patrick's Church in Palm Beach Gardens before taking over for
skiing at St. Vincent, but left in 2005.
Maybe it was a ski trip.
Delray Beach police didn't return home calls and pages on Sunday.
Oh, no.
They don't have pages too now in the church.
Not enough for the altar boys they got to bring the pages in too.
So what did I tell you about that one page that keeps you on out of this morning?
My God.
Bye, man.
Dreamer.
Now that there's anything wrong with that, of course not.
1150s on the pool will make 1200 easy today.
How many games will the dolphins win this season?
Who cares?
334.
You know what percent that is?
530, man.
30 and a half percent say who the hell cares?
135 people say they're 1 6.
128 say they're 1 5.
Screw the fish.
125.
Screw the fish.
You first.
Thank you.
118 say they'll win 4.
54 say they'll win 7.
43 people say they'll win 8.
Which means they'll have to win 7 in their last 12 games.
And by the way, you don't know where they're playing next week, don't you, Josh?
No, where's that?
In New England?
Yeah.
What do you think the chances are dolphins win an egg game?
On a scale of 0.
Less than that?
34 people said 3.
29 people said Super Bowl.
They must have seen the word bowl and then immediately rushed to vote.
A premature evaluation.
I hate this pool of 22.
I know the interruption in that chat.
Let's see how long did that thing go on?
725 until 8.
What on then near an hour?
817.
817.
818.
So 53 minutes.
And there was a little interruption there.
I think one or both went out to get a towel.
I hate this pool of 22.
Only 1.9 percent they like it.
17 people said that dolphins will win 9.
12 people said they're going to win 10 games.
Which means they'd go 9 and 3.
Of course they did win those last 6 last year, right?
Is that going to happen again?
No.
No.
Play off state and the 8 people said they're going to win 11 games.
Get the butterfly net and run those bastards up.
Even George knows better than that.
So what do you do at the shower?
Getting back to sports.
Roger Clemens, Andy Pettit and Miguel Tejada were among the players that a former majorly
pitcher accused of using performance enhancing throes, according to a federal agent San
Fadeveteer, the LA Times reported Saturday on his website.
How come they didn't talk about burying here, John?
Is your buddy?
Buried there?
Buried leader.
What do you mean?
They can't stop talking about burying with that crap.
The agent for Cray is Cray.
Leave him alone.
Okay, leave Mateo and bury alone all those slime balls.
The agent for Clemens impeded denied the accusations.
Baltimore teammates Brian Roberts, Jay Givens and Tejada, also replicated in these sworn
statements at times and Oriol Spokesman said the team hadn't seen him before it had no comment.
I wonder if Rafael Promero was with the world's win this was going on.
But he was.
Ember Ozan, Rosetta Dana was going out about raffi, did this and raffi, such a great, uh,
yadi, yadi, yadi, uh.
Boy, she is such a bitch.
In June, federal agent search reliever Jason Grimsley's home in Arizona after the pitcher
admitted using the human growth hormone steroids and amphetamines.
Grimsley was later released by the Diamondbacks since benefit of games by Major League Baseball
hasn't played since then.
In a 20-page search warrant after David signed by IRS Special Agent Jeff.
Something, brother.
Novitsky.
The Times Report said Grimsley identified other players who had used drugs.
Those names were blocked out when the document was released.
The Times said anonymous source would access to the document minus the cross.
Outsloth the newspaper, see it, but kept the copy.
They let him see it.
That's all the Mark Foley one he wanted to see it.
The Times said a second source would identify the other players provided additional details
about the document.
According to the affidavit, the Times said Grimsley told investigators come in and pet it
used as letty performance enhancing drugs.
The affidavit also relays Grimsley told Federal agents that Roberts, given them TAHANA,
took anabolic steroids.
That's supposed to say TAHANA.
He's supposed to do it like what's his name does.
Macarver.
TAHANA, like he says, or hey, or hey, Posada.
Like a really literate jackass dumbass jerk.
God, I can't stand it.
Novitsky also is the lead investigator in the Bay Area lab cooperative probe.
Two BELKU officials and very bonds personal trainer Greg Anderson served jail time after
a goldie pleased that investigation.
How come Barry spat ass ain't the slamer?
Even Joshua Grease, he ought to be.
Grimsley complained to friends the Times said that Federal agents contributed statements
didn't they didn't make.
I'm told these denied saying all of this Randy Henryson represents Clemens and pet it
told the AP Saturday night.
It's an agents recollection about a conversation he had about conjecture.
I've grown weary of having to defend Clemens from in-new-winter when conjecture about every
six months for the last several years when he's complied with all the rules and regulations
and accept Andy is just a prize and stunned it and has no knowledge of any such activity.
Clemens impeded pitch for a Houston.
The Astros won Atlanta on Saturday night and five four.
Any interest in that?
No.
No, nobody cares about the Astros.
Tejada Gibbons and Roberts had left the club house in Boston after Baltimore's
five four victory Saturday night when the AP reported soft comment.
And but a beep, but a boop, but a bump.
All majorly players are tested at least twice a year for band drugs.
There's no test for HGH, but it is banned by baseball.
HGH.
Human growth, hola.
Yeah.
I'm sure that Barry Ponds will be there.
He just got a little bit of that drill cream and a little dabble.
Don't be smears it.
He smears it where the moon don't try.
The biggest names of those talents.
The basis of the O'Rodgers 4.2560.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M.
Chris is gay.
He's a flaming hole.
No, that's what part of Christian Rednex don't know.
Charlie, Chris is a screaming-weeping guy.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
Chris's a poop.
Ask him at the same note.
Just for proof, he'll bring his voice down real low.
Charlie, Chris is a boobernator.
He's a boobernator.
He's a boobernator.
He's a boobernator.
He's a boobernator.
He's a boobernator.
He's a boobernator.
He's a boobernator.
Charlie, Chris is a screaming-weeping guy.
Hey, you're a bad.
I missed that spot in last break and you didn't tell me.
Hey, you missed that spot.
Well, I'm not talking about you, but you don't have the log.
Josh has got the log.
Josh is bad.
I just, you know, you're going to get a spanky on the work bag.
I need you to send it on the work bag.
Work always going to stop buying.
Give you a spankin' pretty soon.
Well, I didn't know it was so rare though.
I see one of these on the log, but it's, you know, one of those things.
I guess I could do it right now, couldn't I?
That's what I'm talking about.
Well, I'm going to do it right now.
Experience the difference of Mercedes-Benz of Pompano.
Mercedes-Benz of Pompano is now at a new ownership and new management too.
And Mercedes-Benz of Pompano, it doesn't matter what time of month you buy your vehicle.
Whether it's the brand new 2007 E-Class, they're full on the convertibles
or they're humongous, unbeatable select and certified pre-owned cars.
When you choose Mercedes-Benz of Pompano,
you have over 200 employees dedicated to providing incomparable service for it too.
By complementing loader vehicles and complementing car washers.
Rowers during the RESTpo with over 150 new and used vehicles or a click on,
benzpompano.com.
Mercedes-Benz of Pompano open every day Monday through Friday 9-8.
Saturday 9-6 every Sunday noon to 5.
Experience the difference called 1-800-New Benz.
You'll find them at I-95 and Copen's Road.
That's 1-800-New Benz for Mercedes-Benz of Pompano.
When Mercedes-Benz digger like no other.
Oh man, I'm gagging on it.
I think that was in the email too.
1131 votes on a pool man, the doll fans are really down on the dumps.
30 pressed.
Like that.
Just like that.
Wait till you're Joseph Gackey, I can't wait till you're him in the mad dog in the power hour.
Between 4 and 5.
I don't have time for that.
I got a rush right out after the show and go buy the Bible or book.
Good.
It's kind of interesting though that the first two books he wrote about Bush at War were like ass-looking, you know,
tributes and the cover-ups.
And now all of a sudden, he got religion suddenly.
Well, he wants to sell books to everybody.
Oh, is that what it is?
In other words, to people who are in little honesty too.
Mm-hmm.
New scandal for Miss Michael, by the way, did you see this?
No.
Top star George Michael has been cautioned by police for carrying cannabis when found passed out in his car.
This is from Sky News.
It's a second time in eight months that the 43-year-old music legend's been found slumped over the wheel of his vehicle.
Michael was found by officers after worried motorists dialed 999.
How do you like that?
They don't do 911 whether they do.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
In Britain, I say.
To report his car was causing an obstruction of traffic lights in Cricklewood, North London.
Scotland yard confirmed that police arrested the driver on suspicion of being unfit to drive.
And for possession of what was believed to be cannabis.
Cannabis.
Oh my God.
It was taken to hospital before being cautioned for the drug offense and released on police veil, pending further inquiries on his fitness to drive.
The arrest raises fresh fears over the health of the singer who has just started a world tour.
His partner, Kenny Goss, told us on newspaper that Michael had nothing to say.
He said, he's fine.
Oh, where are you flying?
And I've got him in McDonald's.
Michael was cautioned by police.
Whatever that whole that means.
Michael was cautioned by police for possession of cannabis after being found in a similar state at Hyde Park Corner in February.
After Tommy issued a statement claiming it was my own stupid fault as usual and later penned a song inspired by the experience.
And April, the former whamstar was in the news again when he collided with three park cars near his North London home.
He's got look.
He's like Mark Foley in more ways than one.
Okay, he's got a little problem.
Hey, at least he don't deny some of them.
Well, that's for sure.
Not anymore anyway.
See, all you idiots out there that go on the internet.
Some maggot man.
It's a maggot magnet.
It's a good news chat rooms and God only knows who know maybe even Tom Fiedler if they hurled a sit in there with his big yellow trench coat on intercepting your emails and reading them and transcribing them and get ready for the front page of tomorrow's edition.
Wait until you hear this.
Pakistani rule in Mumbai attacks.
Remember, we talked about how Bombay is now Mumbai.
Yes.
I see.
Once again, it says this is from a prison planet.
Once again, governments and intelligence agencies revealed to be behind terror attacks and in control of the Islamist.
The ISI is basically an extension of the CIA in the Middle East.
Pakistan's intelligence agency was behind the trained blast in Mumbai in July the 186 people in the Indian police say.
The attacks were planned by the ISI and carried out by the Islamist militant group Laxia E. Touibah based in Pakistan.
Mumbai's police chief be saying.
A.N. Roy said the students to Islamic movement of India had also assisted.
Pakistan rejected the allegations and said India had given no evidence of Pakistani involvement in the attacks.
We have solved the July 11th bomb in case the whole attack was planned by Pakistan's ISI and carried out by Laxia E. Touibah in the upper of the India.
Bombay police commissioner A.N. Roy told a news conference.
Actually, it says here Mumbai and then in parentheses Bombay.
Okay.
Mr. Roy said 15 people have been arrested at some of the bombers that received training in Pakistan.
Pakistan's Minister of State for Information Regents of the allegations.
He told the BBC we're still studying the Indian statement.
Needless to say this is once again a baseless allegation yet another attempt by inded to malign Pakistan.
But all malign them just drop a man. They all got the nuxtus to start a big conflagration over there.
Unabomba Grande.
Pakistan denied any involvement in the blast and Laxia E. Touibah condemned the attacks.
India postponed talks with Pakistan after the bombs, but Indian Prime Minister Singh and Pakistan,
a president, preferred Musharrafat recently in Cuba, or this said they agreed to resume talks.
The Indians and the Pakistan babies, the North and the South Koreans.
The Irish and the Archelles in India, in Ireland, where but hell it is.
Ireland, the senior of the Washington, Ireland, India and England in that movie, what was that?
England, England, England.
What if you go get around to a jockey on his copy?
Yeah, I got it right here.
You're going to have a copy of something in the theater?
No, I sold it.
I sold it.
First I had a few bucks on that.
Well, I think it's probably the word after all he is 28, you know, to old from his foley, I guess.
Thine Old Discovery, this is from the California Academy of Sciences Publications Science now,
which I'm sure you read religiously every day, every day, pillowed a post.
Science has seen the softer side of Tyrannosaurus Rex.
Obviously you got a little T-Rex there and at the thing.
You got some T-Rex?
Yeah, I did.
When paleontologists find fossilized dinosaur bones during a dig, they usually do everything in the college protecting.
Oh, oh, not that kind.
Using tools like toothbrushes to carefully honor the bones without inflicting any damage.
However, when scientists found a massive Tyrannosaurus Rex thigh bone, and they were more
region of months, I'm 10 a few months ago, they were forced to break the bone in two order to fit into the transport helicopter.
The second necessity revealed a startling surprise, startling.
Oh, my God.
Soft tissue that had seemingly resisted fossilization still existed inside the bone.
This time we're waiting here, bad to the bone.
This tissue, including blood vessels, bone cells, and perhaps even blood cells, was so well preserved that it was still stretchy and flexible.
That's what that kid told Mark Foley, too.
He said it's still stretchy and flexible.
A scanning electron microscope revealed that the dinosaur blood vessels, which are 70 million years old,
are virtually identical to those recovered from modern ostrich bones.
The ostriches today's largest bird, and many paleontologists believe that the birds are living descendants of dinosaurs.
Ostrich.
Scientists may be able to confirm this evolution of relationship if they can isolate certain proteins from the recently discovered T-Rex tissue.
These proteins could also absorb some other puzzle, where the dinosaurs were cold-blooded like other repels or warm-blooded like mammals.
Does this discovery of soft dinosaur tissue mean that scientists will soon be able to clone a dinosaur's Rex?
Probably not.
Most scientists believe that DNA cannot survive for 70 million years.
Then again, before this discovery, most scientists believe that soft tissue couldn't survive for 70 million years, either.
Surprise you did.
Soft tissue, baby.
Yeah.
What about T-Rex about that?
Huh?
What about Mark Foley?
What about that?
No comment.
It's all you know now.
That's all you know.
You want me to go back and reread it and get the parts that I left out.
It's that's the more it's high-comedy.
And about to pull it out.
Uh-huh.
What's it talk about?
Let's see.
Number three, and almost number two.
Another hour it's going to be number one on our hit parade on the website.
Mark Foley instant message chat with congressional page.
They want to read a man.
It's an intellectual thing.
Don't you understand?
Just like that movie, the dreamers was intellectual.
Oh yeah.
That's right.
The pot was so soft.
It didn't actually just for all that nudity in there.
I did.
Well, so did I.
But the real pseudonym intellectuals out there, they were watching it to get the Bertolucci
feel man.
They wanted to feel it.
I was.
That's what it was all about.
They wanted to understand the metaphorical, uh, whatever they were.
It's just amazing to me how you can sit and watch a movie and just make all of the director
and the writer they had this in mind.
Yeah.
Right.
How do you know?
That's the criteria for suits.
If you can't tell what the plot is, then it's brilliant.
It's genius.
And it's something that's got a factory or a model.
That movie didn't have any plot.
That means it was a most ingenious.
There was the fact that the brother and the sister were like, incest is best.
There was a lot of dangerous relationship going on there.
Of course, they were twins.
So there's another aspect to it.
There's another aspect to it.
There is another aspect.
Well, there was a lot of ass in that movie.
What's the aspect?
Packed with ice.
Make the night the whole.
Yeah, make the swelling go down on that ice hole.
I'll tell you one thing.
There's a lot of optimism about those dolphins.
Although six continues to be the top number.
141 people including me, so they're going to win six.
Just trying to be generous, OK?
But I want to kick them wilder down after having lost to a little girl's team.
The Houston Texans, my ass.
What a joke.
What a disgrace.
What an embarrassment.
What a great opportunity for the sports nerds to season all week long.
The next statement, era, coming to a close very, very soon.
After the Patriots kicked their sorry ass next week, up in New England.
What are you think is going to happen now when they start the season one and four?
I think they're still going to be smelling super ball.
Spell something.
They're going to be smelling something, baby.
And it's going to be in the bowl too.
The biggest name, self-best talent.
This is Neil Rogers.
4.560.
And they look like women.
Did you see all ratings for the last book?
Yeah, I know it's for Saturdays.
Sure.
Good afternoon, yes.
What you're back to.
Actually, you won't wait for more.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
What you're back to.
Actually, you won't wait for more.
No more.
I got enough.
I got to think about it.
I got to get rid of it.
And I don't need a rating that's a minus eight.
Don't care what you do.
I'm going to send a stunt to get away the little hot of the guest you're ma.
A roasted guts to go.
There's a lot of pet producers, you know.
That's right, watch your back.
That's right.
When you won't wait for more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more.
Watch your back.
That's right.
When you won't wait for more.
No more.
Oh, brother, oh, that's love.
I don't understand.
You can eat from a drop while you're in bulk.
Get things back, catch them.
You made a rating slow.
You just might click in it.
Or you'll fall.
And it's straightening up.
Bad ass out.
That's cool.
I think you pulled out of your mouth.
That's right.
So, remember it's a very dope scene.
school in Pennsylvania even the Amish
World War II guns yeah all the school
shootings all the time as they say in
Ethiopia Zion America let's see if it
was an Amish person doing the shooting
that they're not supposed to have guns
right and they went to school either
or school multiple people shot at
Amish school in Pennsylvania courts
no more of the cities this again at an
Amish school and Lancaster County
Pennsylvania there are two schools near
the scene of the shooting we haven't
been able to pinpoint the exact
school once again this is the
squire there's a one-room school
house there may even be a hostage
situation unfolding right now we will
continue to follow the lead okay Tony
get lost you idiot set Stein is used
to jetting around the world to create
style of quality homes for wealthy
clients this means that this is in the
British independent by the way this
means the hip architect is familiar
with irritations of height and
airline security post 9-11 but not
even he could have imagined being
mistaken for an Islamic terrorist and
physically pinned to a seat while
aboard an American Airlines flight
especially as he has Jewish origins
all right well what's the difference
yet this is what happened when you
traveled back from business trip to the
Kirkson Kekos Islands by in New York on
May 22 still traumatized by his or
revealed the 47 year old is furious
that the airline failed to protect him
from the gun interactions of the
overzealous passenger who claimed to be
a police officer he's now instructed
a team of top US lawyers to back
for him the London based in tears
guru whose clients have included
Peter Manelson and husband and wife
designed teams Susan Clemens and
Ignacio Rivera or Barrow said he felt
compelled to speak out to protect
other innocent travelers from a similar
experience and he liked that this man
could have guarded me and what was
awful was that one or two of the
passengers went up afterward to thank
him said Mr. Stein he has since been
told by airline staff he was targeted
because he was using an iPod had used
the toilet when he got on the plane
and that his deep-pan made him look
like he was in Arab well I'm convinced
I was terrified but I'm lucky that I
was able to contact the lawyer he said
that someone else who's not assertive
could be left completely traumatized
that's traumatized with an S because
it's British see what's this in
Cippet Fax Hector says could you please
give out Mark Folley's email address
haha haha haha haha
wow I'm a 16 year old high school
student Miami I am a bottom cut and
a tube in the scent thanks to the
advanced Hector yeah what did you
want Mark yeah Mark will be right
over Hector okay he'll bring a towel
yeah he'll bring a towel made of some
very interesting material you'll say
can that be felt can I get back to my
story here about this poor slipper
on the plane all right I was terrified
but I'm fortunate that I was able to
contact the lawyer he said the
incident highlights the increased
likelihood of innocent passengers
being picked on because they're
perceived as suspicious or foreign
looking especially following the
list of blockable up airlineers
with liquid explosives earlier this
month of plane from London to walk in
DC made an emergency landing is
squirted by fighters after panties
alerted crew the behavior of a female
traveler later merchant suffered a
panic attack how about that guy that
lay down in the on port at last a water
on his head and then the sort of
spritzing stuff on the jockey
remember that oh yes last that was
last week in mr. Stein's case he was
poundstone is the crew and other
travelers looked on the drown on
photo less than an hour into the
flight all settled down with a book
in a ginger ale the father three was
grabbed from behind and held in a
headlock the guy just told me his
name was Michael Wilk that he was
with the new York police department
that I've been acting suspiciously
and I should stay calm I could barely
find my voice because I couldn't
believe what was happening said
mr. Stein he went into my pocket took
out my passport my iPod all the other
passengers were looking concerned
eventually cabin crews playing the
captain run a security check on
mr. Stein after being alerted by the
police that this that this had cleared
him or in other words when they did the
security check yet the passenger
been asked to go back to a CP4
he'd restrain mr. Stein when the
plane arrived in the New York Stein
was met by apologetic police
officers are offered to fast track
him out of the airport before you get
a hold of his learn file a quiz
soon right mr. Stein said the other
passengers looked at me and said what
did you do was so humiliating the fact
that he the police officer was
something I don't know this is chopped
off again the right hand right I think
I did very well as far as I went and
that's sure that's the end of that
we got this guy interrupted and I just
dropped my tell did mom came in the
room for what's the whole what is she
about computers 1181 votes will have
twelve hundred oil we're gonna do 13
today baby lucky 13 lucky 13 now
if Danny's got anything left in the
tank what do you think Josh bring him
back hey couldn't wouldn't be any
different couldn't be any worse man
not a people used to call him a statue
because he was rather immobile he'd get
rid of the ball instead of getting
stacked them he should have tried to
statue liberty play over the they got
the statue part down to a science nice
going donny he continues to be
undone and and spread the fact that
they keep losing and losing and in
the stick in the joint out man they
think well but you know what's going
to happen next year they're going to
have ricky back
the article about working the paper
that they they can't understand his
blase attitude that he just doesn't
give a crap that was the essence of
the article about the argos you know
ricky's plan for the Toronto Argos
you don't know that yeah he was
what would mean he was always that's
where seasons over now I don't know
you tell me yeah you know that crap
you've got to be kidding me man you got
hockey season coming up on Wednesday
we got hockey baby you better get
your party straight now back to the
goal finally is dangle heart find a
settle things down for the bathtub
so in one way here today doesn't
please have 19 shots in the first
day of the summer now have 11 in the
second the leads have had just two
yeah well they stink what can I tell
you hockey season starts Wednesday
okay and the panther season starts
Friday panthers and the Bruins baby
will have guilty right on the air
doing a hell of a job you're doing a
guilty that girl he's going to be on
tomorrow night between seven and
ten including the Florida Panthers
pre-season special between eight
night of our night right here on QAM
you want to know why why because the
Marlon seasons over we got no more
more marlin games to stick on it a
kill out of time so now we got like
Lynn and Curtis tonight we got guilty
tomorrow and Beast and Jesse on
Wednesday wow got a lot a lot of time
to be to fill in you know I'm saying
what he said your orthodox station
man we're laying to fill in on your
kipper no less and by the way you
orthodox out there what the only
doing listening to they've got a
burning hell turn off that radio
how about the thing with the Amish
would that be something if the kid
was Amish well if it was at an
other school and I can oh you know
about Tom Foley I'm talking about
Pennsylvania like as your county
the multiple shooting that's what
Tom Foley wanted to see you want to
see some shooting going on no
gun necessary 1185 what we got I'm
telling we got votes up the old uh
shoot speaking of a Lancaster County
school shootings every day and the
public is like oh jeez that again
right kids with guns and
got a story about crispy cream this
is so perfect man the police and
boi and beach got to do the
break first police and boi and
beach are like we're running out of
room with a head congested police
headquarters so they open up a new
extension of the headquarters at a
donut shop perfect and that perfect
crispy cream which you notice how
popular that was for a while
until people realized that all of
us and they were like dying from all
that heavily concentrated sugar sugar
and dough or maybe they realized
that the donuts was better
oh
oh man i'm getting marks holy your
home number and your email address
the biggest name subbest talent
here is the raw chest
for radio 560
you
a
damn
god
everybody knows one of the hippas
things to do these days is to open a
restaurant slash mini indoor theme park
in the heart of man happy
and that's why the high-powered folks at
the National Rifle Association
are pleased to announce cafe
n-r-a
at cafe n-r-a every food item is unique
that's because our chefs always cook
your food over an open fire
and speaking of food at cafe n-r-a
you'll find only the finest
gracious meats welcome to cafe n-r-a
you like to try our keel of the day
you mean
twice of the day
no my am keel
but cafe n-r-a is about more than just food
it's about guns and fun
for instance while you're dining
you should play a quick game of
find the crosshairs in your soup
find them and get a free clip of ammo
for the automatic of your choice
and before or after dinner
you'll find it's fun to get loaded in our bar
where every drink is served in shot glasses
and for those of you who want to enjoy the fun
of shooting something yourself
cafe n-r-a offers some of the most
realistic shooting games you've ever seen
place that shooting favorites as
I didn't know the gun was put
I thought grandpa was a burglar
and but officer the guy cut me off in practice
cafe n-r-a
we're boring the competition
when
let's see we got to lock down in north of
Vegas at some school there two schools
the uh... multiple people shot at
amish school in like has to county
principal mania just another a day in
paradise man crazy people with guns
with guns
stuff like that
point in the age major jury tender admits the place he's found a house police
officers who work out of the congested police headquarters
well is it chuckles
acting like uh... you know go fuzz
out belly last but
chuckles
you know we i think we left that out when we did our candy pull
chuckles
how could we do that
remember chuckles sounds like a doover
yet they still uh... they still make them
i don't know they were like uh... silver wrapper and like square right there
were like yeah
chunky squares
but good humor police are ready to brace themselves for the back to jokes in
fact very i'm on they say
bring on the christby creams i can't believe you actually said that
don't condone it's as better
other dot said
that's what i'm saying i can't believe he said that can you yeah i noticed that
you said that that christby cream come disappear in
don't condone it's not so much
yet because christby cream you can't eat only three
the red dictated a key blow up like a balloon and uh... they make a six-year
stomach because they're just the pure sugar
as opposed to the dr. don't it's a few one you say okay that's enough
pass them around to somebody else
tenor says the former christby cream donut shop on point and beach pull bar just
west of i-95 could be a perfect place for a police substation
he's proposing leasing space that would relieve the cramp police station
during two days commission meeting tomorrow
there's no room to turn around people work in the
type of environment you put them in Taylor said the current eighteen thousand plus
square foot location it's not conducive to the good performance if you cramp
people in like sardines oh what kind of people eat sardines by the way out of a
can i like i like that uh...
the big ones in tomato sauce oh the christby cream
side is spacious has plenty of parking said the donut shop which opened in
august of two thousand three
flofted it and that remains vacant up for lease
at the police station attention to the all-finger pretty must be done the
whole ways that are crowded with filing cabinets and other office supplies
recently a team of eighteen traffic unit offices worked out of a four hundred
square foot room with moldy carpets they moved out for twelve officers and
sergeants in the community action team are due to move in
after a few months the donuts also were often be happy to occupy the christby
cream place that major frank verganti
yeah i mean what how would anybody make jokes about cops and donuts uh...
haha
right
no doubt
anybody do that
what's this fast you just sent here
what's half of the four page facts somebody sent it to my god
but it's about our friends
our friends
it says the law of unintended and unexpected consequences about the sweep across
Florida politics like a category five hurricane
at the beginning of last week the question of which Florida republican was
gay
gay did not involve us representative mark fully
rather interest was focused on gubernatorial candidate charlie christ
who put the google google in gubernatorial
both mainstream media the herald and the alternative media will end
a weekly had alluded to a two thousand five controversy
in which christ was at point like if he was gay responded no
and later called a radio talk show to nibing a homosexual
christ stated no man no i love women i mean they're wonderful
but no woman has been visible in christ life for decades he denied fathering a
child by an emotionally disturbed woman in a mister good bar encounter in the
nineties
then the fully firestorm ensued
but folies now yesterday's news temporarily at least
he's resigned on his seclusion is probably on his way to prison was on his way
to rehab
for his now
charlie christ however still a candidate facing a formidable democratic party
challenger
rye
somebody that nobody ever heard of what's his name but stymist gymnators
christ may have expected that the gay issue would dissolve along with the
in the bizarre twist of fate folie gait is not like the focus of rapier sharp
attention
rapier
on christ peculiar lifestyle in particular on the absence of any significant
female figure in his life mom doesn't count
oh
christ was briefly married decades ago today this former wife has never been
quoted or even identified
i expect for the media will be making massive efforts to locate the former
spout
and to pose the question did you divorce charlie after seven months of marriage
because you discovered he was gay
what did cause the end of your seven month marriage
as i indicated my earlier calm whose column is this
bob hoffman political gateway
ever heard of this guy or this thing
nope
as i indicated my earlier calm on folie gait
i knew mark folie well in the nineties mark often at female arm candy on
display christ is peculiar in that he's not oh well i think that's interesting
because anybody who's supposed to know anything about florida politics
anybody for years is known that mark folie is gay you know
but evidently i bob didn't know that
christ is peculiar in that he's not even got to the extent of
vanishing a fully-style female companion
a beard in the wake of the explosive an embarrassing impact of folie's
resignation our florida voters more or less likely to support another
republican with a blind slate on human relationships the answer is obvious and
apodictic what is that apodictic never heard of that
you better google it a simple google search reflects that christ's
sexuality has been a matter of intense concern for both the right and the
left gay rights groups more over who were burned when
fully sexuality embarrassingly more from homosexuality and epitaphilia
may take preemptive action to force christ's hand to put another
fully surprised how do you like that so how do you spell that word
uh apodictic apodic ct ic
kept never heard of it makes me apoptic when i see apodictic i don't have any clue
what that means capable of demonstration the answer is obvious and
capable of demonstration apodictic i'll be there
well i don't know who that bob hoppin is but he sure likes to use some big words
charlie christ got a 21 point lead you think that's going to
it disappear because of your state i don't think so i mean everybody in the
state knows it and of course the people on the right they just they
just ignore it they deny it they're in denial
oh multiple people killed in amazschool shooting but yeah i am learning here uh
that uh according to associated press at the point uh
uh the corporell straight back was someone who is dealing with the
situation on the ground saying that the shooter is on the dead
this is nickle line central vania state's amazet country as we've been
talking about but the shooter himself apparently at this point
confirmed by the associated press uh is one of the people
among those dead in this situation that's probably what happened is they got
uh in contact with a tv set now they might write the amazure and it's
supposed to be watching no tv that is correct yeah well some of those
bearded goofballs evidently got a hold of tv somewhere and so all
look at that they're shooting people in school why do you know who might
be more like everybody else let's start assuming it was an amaz
person doing the shooting i don't have any idea who i was okay i'm just trying
to make a little bit lighter the situation even though it's a horrendous thing
and it's sick and disgusting but it's the american fn way because more important
than them not having tv's and not supposed to have any guns either
the amaz don't have guns correct well maybe they just don't know what to do
when they got him amazegon wild you know we'll see we'll
follow it we'll be all over it with uh with a blanket or a towel anyway i
mean other than for hunting that is i simply come up with a 33 vote all for a
hunt and i see well it's good thing you can't kill people with them shotguns
ain't it no you can't i bet you if we go to our stats thing here if i do it
that thing about markfold you know as i got another thing about markfold who
build his career as a protector of children hypocrite here it is it's number one
with a bullet markfold instant message chance with congressional pages
number one in the reads on our website came from nowhere came from oh came from
not even being on there this morning or time did we put that on there about
like ten uh thirty there about their about and just over two hours it passed all
the others like they were standing still even how markfold he represents
brit human fox news he even passed that five
couple of reads
thank you
this thing called electric city
l a where it's hot muggy ain't no place for a horse and buggy
they might go on a bender we're a big hats and funny suspenders
the backbone is a different world no folks on your can't call girls come on come on and raise that
barn they can't swear they can't stay found union if you miss it to do these truths
they can't stay the same because they're honest in the city because they're honest in the city
no more eating only mutton they can use zippers instead of buttons
first time seeing a computer going for lunch at a place called looters
far from never heard street noise and it's the first time they ever seen a homeboy
back home is a different thing no tattoos or belly rings come on come on and feel no guilt
when you get home you can finish that's where l a the place is so pretty if they say
how will they survive when they're honest in the city when they're honest in the city
by the way they were just talking about the omniscient about how they have a plentiful numbers
of guns because they're hunters so i just said well this very outweigh you just said after you
asked after having said they're not supposed to have guns yes a gunman killed a number of people
had won a one-room army schoolhouse today in Pennsylvania's Lancaster County in nickel mines
Pennsylvania the shooter is among the dead there are a number of people that the exact number they
don't know yet they're still counted the body i like that and josh's body may be strewn among
the litter because this factor is pretty peeled with you it says josh is nuts but we know that what
josh is nuts okay how can anyone say don't can donuts are better than crispy cream donuts his taste
must be in his tush as stuff he probably give you the load on on that
the duck and donuts does have the best coffee but their donuts are average at best it says here
well i'll tell you one thing they're sure better than entomans well don't get donuts as a variety of
stuff like those christen which isn't what not yeah what's that kind of do with donuts
all i know is the only donut that i can eat all you know don't make to me to eat is the glazed
donut at crispy cream that's it i can't even eat any other i don't know they had any other flavors
they do what i have i mean so i'm not any crispy cream in so long i can't even remember i know
that i had to have three though i ate one i would eat three that's nothing well how many would
you eat the rack oh yeah we know that we've heard about that we've heard those stories um
like you in the rack anyway can we get back to important stuff like mark full they i got about
a hundred stories on him now here the republican congressman resigned friday following the
discovery of sex life explicit and by the way it's number one on our hit parade aren't you proud
it's already reached the top i know it would be the republican congressman resigned following
the discovery of sexual explicit internet messages he sent to teenage boys was a gregarious
and charismatic lawmaker who built his political career in large measure on legislative proposals
meant to halt the sexual predation of children others beginning with his 90s
sponsorship of a measure in the florida state legislature decrees the cars of men who solicited
prostitutes former restaurant owner and real estate agent mark fully repeatedly attracted a
flattering political spotlight by invading against those involved in sexual crimes and presenting
himself as a protector of exploited children well more in other words if he stops other people
from doing it maybe there's more for him more for me a well-like member of the class of
conservative so it's a congress in ninety four fully was until two days ago deputy whip for the
house of publicans and coach him or the congressional missing and exploited children's caucus
a website for the bipartisan group states that it was formed to create a voice within congress
on that issue and to operate a hotline for tips about online checks a child sexual exploitation
that could be passed law enforcement agencies at a white house rose garden ceremony on july 27th
president bush hailed fully and some other house and sent lawmakers as member of a
swatting for kids bush spoke while signing in law broad child protection measures that included a
fully sponsored provision requiring sex offenders to register in every state where they live work or
attend school how do you like that always try to like if they get to get to spotlight out for
themselves all these closet people speak of that john nickel's rights on time pain dot com he says
marked holy sexuality was never much of a secret to those who served with him in the house the
new york times that every major newspaper and for the brighting articles on the congressman's
agonizingly inept attempts to remain closeted for years indeed was the embarrassing manner which
you attempted to focus sexuality that prevented fully from securing his party's nomination for the
u.s. sent in two thousand four and again this year tragically as a florida republican fully
felt that if he wanted to remain a political player he needed to live a lie when he wanted to be a
player all right he was probably wrong republicans who've come out of the closet such as
we're tearing her is on a congressman jim cold have often trapped politically openly gay men and
lesbians have been elected and elected the houses democrats and republicans and fully whose relatively
moderate voting record could have appealed to both mainstream republicans and democrats might
well have broken the barrier in the senate but fully didn't press for the republican voters to
accept him for who he was so this otherwise personal and capable congressman engaged in
increasingly challenging and ultimately unsuccessful attempt to hide a huge part of his identity
through fairy the pressures imposed by such secrecy appear to have been too much for foley
unlike the vast majority of homosexuals who as a group are less likely to be affected
in children and heterosexuals the congressman began to engage in activities that were inappropriate
and potentially illegal and absolutely unacceptable details that have surfaced in recent days
suggest that foley had made a mess of his life a mess that exploded on him in his party when
it was revealed that the co-chair of the congressional caucus for missing and exploited children had
sent do i make you a little horny emails to teenage boys foley's republican colleagues who are
champions when it comes to shooting the wounded immediately began trashing him this type of behaviors
what i try to protect my grandchildren from snarl phaysha the GOP representative from neighboring
Florida house district house speaker denny hasdard fat as denny house major leader john bainer and
house majority whip right blunt into the statement condemning foley's behavior as an obscene breach
of trust his immediate resignation must now be followed by the full way the criminal justice system
bainer and one set of foley watch it fair enough but what of these republican leaders think about
those who knew about foley's undue interest in male pages covered up the fact for months perhaps
years and in light about what they knew should they too face the full way to the criminal justice system
when the news of foley's email broke in the media has to declared i was surprised really that
strange congressman tom rattles and chairs the republican congressional campaign committee
revealed on saturday that he informed has to months ago about concerns regarding foley's
habit of sending sexually suggestive strip down a get naked emails and instant messages to male
congressional pages strip down a get naked congressman rodney aliexandard elusion republican of
ruthie's concerns to the attention party leaders after learning about foley's emails from the
family of a former page in two thousand five as confirmed that his office contacted hasters office
regarding the matter additionally aliexandard personally discussed the issue with rentals and bainer
another republican with close ties to the house leadership in little representative john shimkus
admits that he investigated the email issue in two thousand five apparently after was reviewed by
hasdard's office and the office of the clerk of the house and says he wanted foley to break off
contact with a particular teenager and in a more general sense to stop stalking male pages
then shimkus dropped the matter to different satisfaction of hasdard bainer blood rentals
another house republican leaders stop stalking male pages some readers may be surprised that these
type republicans who go on and on about the need to fend off supposed threats posed by loving
responsible gay and lesbian couples would be so accepting of foley the truth is that the hands
off approach to this whole scandal is entirely in character for the current crop of republican
leaders who couldn't care less about the sexuality of members of their caucus they only employ moral
values appeals to scare voters at election time it's never been something they believed in hasdard
is compared to its currently about winning elections and keeping power even when that involves
looking the other way after concerns have been raised about what good many americans see is the
stalking of children then he has to in the other republican leaders certainly were not surprised
to learn last week that mark for you and acted inappropriately with male pages they knew all about
foley's emails and all the issues raised by those communications hasdard is colleagues have
been caught in a lie and it's a big one what's the proper response hasdard bainer and blood have
got the right idea those who knew about foley's actions and failed to respond in any kind of
serious manner are guilty of no and a sub scene breach of trust since they control the machine
where the house ethics committee it's thoughtful that hasdard and his colleagues will face a
serious investigation let alone the full way to the criminal justice system but this is an election
year in political campaigns can also extract a measure of justice hasdard and bainer are scheduled
ten fundraising events on behalf of an federal Pennsylvania republican congressman don Sherwood
in coming weeks Sherwood's democratic challenger Chris Carney a lieutenant commander in the
west navy reserve who served as a senior advisor on the television and counterterrorism issues at
the Pentagon is asked to republican congressman to cancel the events holding happy our fund
raises with people to cover up these cyber model station of children should be below even the
questionable morals of don Sherwood explain Carney campaign manager Andrew L. Rich Martin
Sherwood's immediately canceled his upcoming fund raises with hasdard and bainer don Sherwood
is already brought Washington's values back to the district now he wants to bring you to pray
cover up home out there's a new twist on the old republican appeal the values voters that hasdard
was in county on these are the family values people just like those amish think of clothes
encourage humility and separation there's the horses that look at the buggy's done
like a costume but they really do be separated from the rest of the world and again as you mentioned
they don't use the like it's an homage trafficking whenever we're covering stories there when I
work in Philadelphia you really can't get them on the phone a lot of you have to go and actually
knock on their door to talk to them to find out about problem problem phone what the hell's that
be that a connection the neighbors would be interpreted linking the link like commonsense
the biggest name so that's the challenge to be a roger for you like yourself like that
you just hate people that use snappy openers for their show segments like that one to two
hour
tonight
intense living your Dutch country
what you gonna do when the carriage comes for you
hello there jibbidae
hello officer hezaka say what bring you up to my home all of
well we got us some reports of some fussing and effuting in these here far
ah yes as a guy my shame to admit that my wife Sarah exposed part of our ankle
why that no good hussy yeah and got me a good mind to put her in the stocks and give her 40 lashes
well that would be a good idea but then there wouldn't be anyone to milk the cow
yep women they're the reason we're all going to hill yep well I gotta get back to plow in the field
we'll get in I guess I'll be getting back to the barn raising his a cahier
honest cops honest cops what you gonna do what you gonna do when the shaft will you
that's tonight on cops in Pennsylvania Dutch country oh guess what's the number one brand selling
donuts in the US Josh what's that don't dream I gotta right here I googled it I gotta right
here with it make the best place zone of the world at times how come I don't see a dunking donuts
here at all because you got you got some false article there where I got news for a man this is the
AIB International donuts statistics and trends yeah well AI so move over donuts fresh bagels and
English muffins are back that's from baking management September 25 issue yeah it's probably
from like 2000 the bagel in English muffin markets have increased as the donut market has begun
to shrink includes statistical data on sales of donuts bagels English muffins other fresh
big goods with three tables with sales figures for fresh bakery products first and big
we products and yada yada yada I don't see a no dunking on here crispy cream now what's all
well this is for the 52 week period ending June 22nd 2003 so it's old stuff what I said you
said it's probably from 2000 well you know I'll figure out crispy cream was number one entomins
was number two private label was third post this don't matterson little Debbie marita fry
offer tasty cake and mess tasty cake my ass they're supposed to the flyers games it's probably
everybody but don't get donuts it's like a monopoly what what does that mean like there is
better than everybody else I'm gonna see anything about dunking donuts on here at all wait a minute
top retailers mentioned included crispy cream dunking donuts daylight donuts Lamar's donuts
winchels donuts winchels donuts cousins cousins dozen donut connection and Tim Horton's
Tim Horton's got donuts now I don't know this is this this goes on for about a hundred pages
wasted a lot of my paper with this trying to prove a point and now I don't even know what
that the point is I mean it's just a taste test anybody who's got taste buds knows that crispy
cream is foreign away the best that's because they put more sugar on it oh man
no it's okay oh your blusher goes up to like it's just that the meter goes chilled starts making
all kinds of beeping sounds and like I'll kind of I'm gonna start taking three or four of those
crispy creams could treat it van and hovel rides there's still a hot kid about that I'm
a shooting in Pennsylvania believe in conformity and conforming with the rest of the world
they don't believe in being part of the rest of the world at least the the horse of buggy
crab wants to live in the stone age and they're entitled to an age they aren't violent they
usually don't believe in running around killing people and when the power goes out they don't
notice and this guy who came in his name was yeah I started shooting people and including
himself I don't know whether he got shot treat children taking to one hospital I don't
remember to another patient on Jack Lewis of the Pennsylvania state police Jack can you bring
us up to date about I wonder what MSNBC is about they're probably like way ahead of CNN when you
think they're like right on top of this it took place but you know we I think back in
you know I'm here there was another reason and Pennsylvania were a young man was dating a girl
three or four years younger than him and parents had said that he could no longer date her and he
brought guns into the house and he shot and killed both of these girls parents I mean these
incidents uphaced by a young person in this case by someone older I mean if we don't have the
ability psychologically to accurately forecast the big challenge and indeed that when the case
to go well it wasn't Lancaster Penn's forvania and where this incident that everybody was watching
on the screen on the floor and nickel mines Pennsylvania just outside of Lancaster very close to
the case of the neighborhood that has wow that is scary anyway Katrina writes rigging the news in
Iraq he says you remember the Lincoln group the guys that depending on pay tens of millions of
dollars to pay off or Machia media and plants stories favorable to the U.S. the same guys the
New York Times revealed to have lied about partnerships with major media and advertising companies
former government officials with extensive Middle East experience and ex-military officers with
background and intelligence and psychological warfare in order to receive those hefty contracts
in short just the kind of guys bush chaining and company enjoy working with so it's hardly
surprising though completely outrageous to read Walter Pinkist's story yesterday as Washington
the Lincoln group has been handed a new two-year twelve point four million dollar contract to handle
strategic communications management Lincoln competed against seven other groups and was the lowest
bitter to help military commanders and bagged that get what they consider the positive side of
their operations in the news at least one competitor my challenge to contract decision based on
Lincoln's record the one one considers Kellogg Brown and Root blackwater carcer battles Debtel
and others one can't be too terribly optimistic about the outcome of any appeal Pinkist also
notes that one day after the state department pulled revealed that the Iraqi people want U.S.
forces to withdraw immediately and would feel safer if they did the military now aims to hire a
private firm to conduct polling and focus groups in Iraq to assess the effectiveness of operations
as they relate to gaining and maintaining popular support once again the motor software and
out of this administration is perfectly clear if you don't like the news delivered in this case
by the state department contract out to a hired gun or rummy and if you don't like the news reported
by Iraqis hire the Lincoln group and if you don't like the twisted thinking of this sick bunch
hope democratic november it's the only way we will achieve any oversight of this continuing
debacle in Iraq says Katrina their their jobs for the day i'm gonna have some of your
in Iraq because as most cases when we have a tragedy involving the omnis from the internet
community they all read it around together i wouldn't be surprised within another 30 minutes
is more words spread about us if we don't see hundreds of omnis people here you know there is
a wonderful support in fact stay with us for that i want to bring in west news wanger with the
news wanker what the hell is that all about boy this is getting really x rated today was bad
enough with those marked fully things that you forced me to read on here got anymore i got i
got a whole bunch of money i could have read it let let them look on our website okay or call
make a fortune today we'll have 80 million hits on the website or it might make about 30 cent
maybe about quarter let's take a look and see which story they're all over like stink on Greg
uh mark fully instant message chat with congressional pages number one and zooming away from the
rest pulling away from the pack like it's on fire whether without that uh
towel christopher epa right in the smirking chimped in media america's achilles heel
oh brother the freaking media you know the media is sick and you thought badly and how do
they rally together at this point we can see a lot of it there's the proof there's a little good
piece of proof right there christopher epa right's a toilet paper company that put bill around
his face on every square of its product would make millions remember journalists they were
unofficial fourth branch of government and the country's monster sizes hours we needed that
policing a government journalists more or less said it like it is and more or less kept us in
touch with reality and let's not patronize the more or less hey if you compare those news
professionals to the fascist babbers on fox news etc they look like veritable nights from camelot
how did this happen how do we lose our this is what really happening in american people
yes we have a few heroes out there and godspeed to them but they're so pitifully outnumbered
basically it's from god's mouth bushes mouth the 95% of the american media
alas another variable in this are the people who watch the nazi light propaganda with glazed eyes
kind of like glazed donuts let's face it propaganda works best on ding bets and is our
formerly literate country slides deeper and deeper in dogville we keep acquiring an ever widening
glutta-rosh stupidity this isn't happening in any other advanced technological country
in statistics make this clear justice will be coming fat physically will be coming fat intellectually
and culturally most young people think that being able to work up information on the internet is
the same thing as being educated dear god being educated is not having to look information
up on the internet so this electronic generation of teens is just more intellectual fat
thus the dialogue between the fascist media and the fat heads on profile and the fat heads
profoundly cripples our constitutional government which necessitated literal rational and factual
communication that is what our wise forebearers didn't anticipate they didn't anticipate that
america becomes so dependent on the media and they didn't anticipate this avalanche of intellectual
sloth that has taken over so much of our country intellectual sloth this is also tangled and
complicated that has to do with our insidious dependence on electronics it has to do with the
sad realization that no one sells his or her soul so cheaply as news people give him a few bucks
now lick the feet of the nearest republican and it has to do with becoming a mega-lapalist beyond
the wildest dreams of our founding fathers and those days communication was easy now it's a nearly
infinitely complicated matrix of several different forms of media nearly all now owned and controlled
by totalitarian fascists and it has to do with the millions of vacuum-headed monkey see monkey
do americans so what to do the only thing we can do those of us who aren't monkey brain have to
somehow initiate enough political muscle and insight to counter and go beyond this fascist fat head
symbiosis it's a hundred percent up to ethical literate rational patriotic americans to take our
country back in spite of the media lastly let's never forget how 95 percent of american media
tried to turn the american dream into a new third right these people are the collaborators just
as the mid-20th century collaborators trying to give europe to the Nazis so are the fox news
collaborators and thousands of like-minded traders trying to give our constitutional government
to the republican neo-nazis p.s the collaborators shouldn't forget how the french treated their
collaborators after ww2 sounds like a failed not to bail threat to me yeah how's those amish doing
different facts are six or six days at the scene if those bodies are on the process of being
transported by buggy no doubt thirteen hundred and twelve votes on the pool how many games will
be the dolphins win this season after yesterday's humiliating degrading loss to what everybody
what would you as i guess the three worst teams in the league are going to be san francisco
arizona and houston would anybody debate that shash no that's pretty accurate and then close to close
to fourth of fivvod tenisee which then you're beaten off in zlasway comedy games on the dolphins win
this season it's the same an era baby with his crappy attitude he's hostile thirteen every nineteen
votes who cares three eighty nine almost thirty percent come in sixty two people say no in six
screw the fish one fifty eight screw the fish hundred and forty five people say five hundred and
thirty seven say four sixty two foolish people say they're going to win seven what i would be like
that would be so much that would be like six and six in the last twelve games right yeah fifty four
said they're going to win only two in other words one more it can be a long season baby and the
people across the street are going to lose their ass again forty nine said they're going to win eight
forty five say three thirty five say super bold thirty say i hate this pool but thirty man twenty
said they're going to win nine games fourteen very foolish people said they're going to win ten
ten people say the playoffs and nine people say the dolphins will win eleven games that's ten and two
in their last dozen games that's one thing to get a dozen donuts but it doesn't work games like
they played so far i don't think so nick makes you almost long for the one-step era doesn't it
her almost talk about a harness one thirteen a q and don't forget the mad dog it's too
thanks offer young kipper today so we got jozy gaki
god it sucks hello no i want to take you a question my son was watching your program on
on where me on my m e the date was the um 15 and um i'd like to know if you're some kind of
anti-cry for something because now my son wants to worship the devil because he thinks he's cool
and he also wants to just as ladies and and solicit on now i don't know if the whole channel
69 is the anti-cry channel um please i'm really concerned and i would like to know if you're the
anti-cry thank you and please if i see you somewhere i wouldn't use something to be water
because now you turn my son into a bag it and you made my son serve the anti-cry thank you
and have a nice day no i knew too have a lovely day what was she trying to say i have no line
and no brain 117 here on the anti-crystals show the chupa coborra is here got some bad news for all
you online gaming freaks out there actually some good news online gaming firms face their biggest
ever crisis today after you ask congress passed legislation to end internet gaming threatening
jobs and wiping out six and a half billion dollars off share prices how do you like that
all jesus britain's party gaming plc operator of linear net poker site party poker.com and
rival sporting bet and eight eighty eight place said they would likely pull out of the west
the biggest source of revenue and warned on future profits the development is a significant setback
for our company our shareholders our players in our industry party gaming team executive
Mitch garborson the house and senate unexpectedly approved the bill early standard they would make
it illegal for banks and credit card companies to make payments to online gambling sites the
matter was said to president george w was to sign a law which most aimless he has a certainty
we believe that this will have a very material impact on long-term prospects of online gaming
and in particular poker said julienne analyst julienne east open ubs ubs in the network how
we deal with on yes it is was this will lead to a rapid decline in the use of online poker sites
party gaming generates about 78% of its revenue from the u.s. were sporting bet gets about 62%
there shares in party gaming which raised in nearly four million dollars a day from its 19 million
customers fell 58% sporting bet which own sports book dot com and purdice poker dot com lost 58%
and eight eighty eight was down thirty five percent online gaming exploded in london in 2005
in the world in two thousand five with a string of high profile company quotations in london
which has become the industry corporate center a bulk of revenue though has always come from the
u.s. but operators were located in october jurisdictions like coester weekend and tiga during
due to fears of prosecution in the u.s. were gaming and betting laws have been ambiguous
so i do people have been saying all your time playing online the crap forget about it
you're gonna come and drag your ass away and then you're gonna have to spend a couple of weeks with
this foley dead after she gets out of rehab she's got a drinking problem don't you understand
why is it their school shootings they're scared by the way in the omniscientry in south east
of the lancaster county a small place called nickel mine pennsylvania just outside of lancaster
one side of the screen you can see where it is on the map on the other side you can see what
looks like a lot of firefighters and also local community members who are looking at looks like
for other evidence on one side of the screen on the other side needless to say trying to make
sense of what it appears to be a horrible number you've heard the more i hear her the more i
start to doubt whether i'm awake or having a dream yeah if i'm on her you're gonna really like
what a body experience can this really be happening to us no no kind of like that feeling i
hadn't berlin only at least i was enjoyable as opposed to this was like misery agony like hearing
a fingernails on a blackboard those eight sounds so it marked fully of approved of that of what
berlin no uh... tooled legal age baby legal age stick with legal okay all right but must you must
then as well a president who got chavas said yesterday he's received warnings from within the
warehouse that the bush administration is planning to assassinate him or topple his left-winging
well they wouldn't do that would they
that he said the warnings from an alleged white house informant chavas told thousands of
supporters of the campaign rally in caracas that president bush has ordered him to be killed
before he leaves or office in two thousand eight bush has said that before he goes he wrote chavas
should not be president of ns well he told the crowd the president of the u.s. has said it
especially in recent days when he doesn't know is that i have friends in the white house the event
of the way the leader is claimed before that the u.s. government's out to kill him in allocations
that u.s. officials deny the latest accusation came with the after he leds that there had been
a recent attempt to assassinate him and said those responsible had since fled the neighboring
columbia and probably will be on al Radio suave pretty soon chavas appeared to link the alleged
plot to his main rival in upcoming presidential elections governor manual rozalas of
zulia state claiming that he is in constant danger from opponents seeking to get rid of him
he's not paranoid you understand he said a sniper had waited for the long range gun and planned
to shoot him after he debarked a helicopter didn't elaborate further on the alleged plot
he vowed to win the December 3rd vote and continued governing the south american nation until
2021 14 more years that's what's coming chavas said is floated the possibility of changing
Venezuela's constitution to allow indefinite re-election in other words like dictator president for
life kind of like what the republicans have in mind for the u.s.a we got control we're not going
to give it up no matter how many elections we have to fix no matter how many lies we have to know
no matter how many human lives we have to sacrifice learned in the sense column buying in the last
seven years that being that today and in an army school last week in a rural school in Colorado
small schools rural schools but also we see it in urban districts violence crosses all boundaries
urban suburban and rural it could be a one-room schoolhouse to a large urban school district and we
have to continue to keep schools based on the front burner rate of the thing that we say is
you know all of the technology and equipment in the world let's hear from Rita man
human effort and quentin i talked about this last week with you as was the first and best
line of defense there's a well-trained alert school staff and a student body we're going to try
to recognize strangers in the parking lot and that's what mark fully watch he wants that student body
we had almost 14 ever we're going to get 14 right there i think we might 1346 we got 37 minutes to
get 54 we should be able to do that i mean everybody in their brother even George is going to
pay how many games it often's a win his opinion is who gives a crap okay do it isn't that right
that's what i voted yeah they could lose like let's see they've won one so they could go like one
we didn't put one on the pool i thought do that that would be so that would be nasty it would be
ridiculous that would be like putting a 13 you're on there and we're putting it on now putting
what one one well i already won the one so that means they're going to lose all the rest of the
game is the rest of the season you know it's possible possible but the one's part of time they
want every game in the season so yeah that's true practice makes perfect baby they're striving for
perfection it's obviously it's the same in fn way baby nice nice call on that two-point conversion
he's actually hard as you know you people in the media who would have worked it would have
been a good play but it didn't work so it's a bad play yeah that's the criteria here yeah that's
generally the idea he calls the play and it turns out to be a turd then it's a bad play bad call
next that's the way it works you're the coach not anybody else don't blame the brains them he
had around no more face to face with an armed man's suspect they're killing a pool county sheriff
but definitely do you remember that last week yes swat officers riddled his body with 68 bullets coming
all together nine officers fired 110 times Friday in angelo frillin that was the
arosta guy that was the dreadlocks the pro county sheriff gradie a gradie judge that executed one
of his deputies that's all the bullets we had who would have shot a more dreads that after
autopsy results for the day that's all the bullets we had they unloaded them they had somebody
go into the store for more but he was already dead that's right why bother the sign deputy met
Williams 39 was shot eight times there's that we encountered the killer was fled in nearby woods
after routine traffic stuff one bullet was fired a close range behind the deputies right ear and
other was fired near his right temple with the muscle to go and pressing against his skin I'm
confident he was ambushed he was executed Judd said Creelin 27 was driving a reddle car when he
was pulled over deputy Doug spires asked for his driver's license but he was handed a fake ID
several shots were fired as far as as he ran after frillin and one bullet struck the deputies' leg
Williams and his German shepherd dog police dog doggie went to the wooded area looking for
the suspect after examining the shooting scene Judd said he thinks Creelin waited behind a
large uprooted tree where was virtually impossible to see him I suspect he shot the keen on first
Joe it said a single bullet killed the dog with a hit him in the chest bullets hit Williams in
the arm legs and buttocks and one lodged in his spine though the sequence of the shots hasn't been
determined slightly the final two shots were found the deputies and his the gunmen stood over him
Williams was armed with a 45 caliber semi-automatic handgun and extra magazines of ammunition on his
belt after he executed the deputy he took his firearm and the magazines Judd said and was
reading them in the woods as somebody was reading them to him two leglin police officers
have changed gunfire with frillin he apparently tried to reach nearby house I'm confident he was
going to go to that house he would have taken them hostage or maybe that he would have killed them
he said Judd said the leglin officers risked their lives when they turned him back into the woods
and then he shot him I make sure to say about 100 I think we're gonna have 500 bullets they
would have used them all just to make sure to which we say all right nice going
