Last time Mark Brunel started a game in a playoffs against the Florida team, they rang
up 62 points against the top and some of the guys in the field.
So they're starting to remind me.
Well against what, they're not playing the ball.
Now, they're playing the yuck in ears.
Yeah.
Well, what's the right, Washington is pretty hot right now.
Washington sucks.
One five straight games.
Let me say it again.
What ended off into one six great games?
Yeah.
What is that prove?
Nothing except Washington was playing for a playoffs spot.
They had to win all five of those games where they wouldn't be in the playoffs.
So let me ask you, Jim Sarni sleeping with the Evan Cohen.
I haven't read Jim Sarni today.
Huh?
I haven't read Jim Sarni today.
I'm just printing it out right now if I get this printing in extra time, which I'm trying to save my paper frantically back here.
Stop!
Come up!
Jesus.
I'm told by other people that that guy's pretty good.
Yeah.
I have never heard him.
Well, let me just read you what he says.
Sarni and then we'll get to very jackass since it is Friday.
I like to see one of these today.
This is one of the rare times that we ever found something out before the guys that write in the newspaper.
Very unusual at Q.A.M.
Yeah.
So your buddy Jim Sarni writes, by the way, Sarni ever had a good ball moment because he's got their really constipated look at his face in this picture.
Maybe that'll get a new picture.
You know what I'm saying?
He looks like he hasn't had a good B.M. in 20 years.
Joe Bell is the new general manager at W.D.
By the way, we hear Joe Bell is a great guy.
That's what everybody says.
We love you Joe.
Just leave you alone.
What?
Well, don't you be with that?
Good.
I like him a lot and he likes us and he leaves us alone.
That's all we ask.
And I didn't nobody bother telling me that the station is moving.
Yeah.
That would be great if I came back one day and I decided to go to the wrong place.
I'll do a couple of shows this week from the station.
I'll drive up to the studio.
Nothing there.
I mentioned it this morning.
Well, I, well, I don't have a chance to listen.
I didn't know you didn't know that.
I did not.
Nobody, nobody I guess felt it was important.
I'll tell you, I thought it was nice with Joe Bell said just so you know, in front of
everybody got up and he said that he thought that the three of us, you and me and Jim
Manage represented the strongest lineup and he's going to push sales.
Well, I'm going to tell you how to push some of them right out the door.
Starting with Todd Dreck by the way, I could tell you a story.
I'll tell you off the earth sometime.
It'll just make you flip your lid.
This guy, you know, one of their favorite tricks is to like you show up and there's something
on the log that you never agreed to do in the first place.
And he can't be bothered coming in saying, well, is this cool with you?
Is this you want to do this or you know, they just, they just put it on the log and hope
that you'll, you know, and then if you don't want to do something they'll say, well,
sure you're always preaching those those spots like today.
Today we have a going out of business log.
I've never seen anything like it in my life.
I'm still doing copy from November for one of my advertisers represents.
And they're always bitching in and you're turning stuff down.
Well, I almost never turned anything down, but one incident account that I absolutely despise
and hate, it would be like asking me to do a live spot for FP and L, you know, it just
isn't going to happen.
It's not going to happen, Todd.
You idiot.
You fairy.
Anyway, Joe Bell is new.
He am taking over for Greed Read and Starnie says, hopefully ending the mad circus at the
number one sports talk station, the mad circus.
What's the real putting it?
The way Stern was on, I watched four minutes of her last night, two minutes early and then
two minutes to her again, an hour of shameless self-promotion.
What do you mean by circus?
Huh?
What does that mean?
The mad circus.
It's a mad circus.
It's a mad mad circus.
Read will stay around us consultant.
Bell say mad circus or mad circus.
Bell, why is he Jewish, I'm sorry?
No.
No.
Well, what do you expect from a girl?
I should quote like him.
Bell, a former GM at Kiss, who described as someone with a passion for sports, he's not
a sports nerd though.
See, that's a difference from what I'm hearing.
It's not expected to mess with a solid lineup that includes Hank Goldberg, Neil Rogers,
and Jim Manis.
The only hole is a 2 p.m. or how are you davidated?
It's expected to leave when his contract expires, possible replacement.
Evan Cohen, the bright young voice at 760 ESPN radio, W E F L.
This guy, that's all he writes about is Evan Cohen, he's obsessed.
I think he's got the hots for him.
I don't know who Evan Cohen is.
What does he mean when he says the only hole is he talking about what we have on the
year now?
No, this hole.
Back to him.
That hole.
No, he says the only hole is a 2 p.m. or how are davidated?
It's expected to leave when his contract is in other words 2 to 4 is a hole.
I get it.
He didn't say what kind of hole.
You follow what I'm saying?
I follow.
Okay, now let's get to Barry.
Well you probably already read this, didn't you?
I read Barry.
On the year?
No.
Well, there you go.
Greg Reed, the general manager of WQ, now who you picking in the Patriots Jacksonville
game by the way?
Patriots.
Who you have in you picked him against the dolphins too, but this time they want to win.
Yeah, well this time they're going to play everybody.
Oh, that would be good.
That's a good idea.
Greg, all four of us.
You think that the Patriots would have lost to the dolphins if they would have played
They would have played the game.
At the end of a quarter, and the only reason that it was 7-7 is because of that flip-tipped
intersection, they were driving for a score there early in the game.
They would have wiped them off the field.
They would have wiped their butt with the dolphins in that game, but nevertheless.
Yeah.
I forgot to mention to you before I read this, and I do notice that Barry, one other thing
for Little Barry today, he rips Keith Jackson and Asim, deservedly said.
So just like he says, he says, hearing legendary Keith Jackson 77, work possibly as finally
I'm going to produce mixed feelings.
He says this viewer felt frustration and compassion because his eyes deceived him on
several.
He was lost, man.
He was pathetic.
He made a couple of mistakes.
No, no, he made a mistake.
I enjoyed listening to Keith Jackson.
I always have until that game.
The biggest mistake he made showing up.
You know what?
He's still better than most of them, even with the mistakes.
No, he was, he had a horrible night.
He was, he was bad.
But anyway, I know you work for ABC.
So you can't.
That doesn't matter.
I don't like everybody.
I know.
You work for ABC.
Greg Reed, the general manager of QM since 1996 in power since 85 said Thursday he's
given up his jobs, but will remain consultant for both their consultants.
Boy, he's going to, how to lose your license in five minutes or less.
He expects to help a group of LA inventors purchase and operate radio stations and then lose
their license.
Then a UK honest general manager Joe Bell will replace Reed at QIM.
I resolved as the future of afternoon host Howard David.
He did.
Whose contract expires March 10th.
I bet you didn't know that.
Did you have the date?
I just had March circle.
They know.
I was at that.
I'm sure for March 10th.
March 1st is my 30th anniversary and then March 10th is the, well, David reiterated it's
highly unlikely.
He'll remain a QA.
Now here's one of the great lines that very's ever written quoting Mo.
He says we had agreed Greg was going to give me a proposal to renew my contract or leave
early, but obviously his dog ate it.
David said that like that.
Its Howard.
Not about a Greg say you know, Greg talks a lot.
But I mean But I mean, and that was the end of that.
Well it was an interesting gathering yesterday, and I wanted to hear about it.
There not much happen.
Greg had very little to say just that he was moving on, and he was going to be around
for a while as a consultant. And I guess the other thing that happened yesterday was that
he's also now out or has left our other station, you know, the woman up the hall. Yeah. Power.
So he will no longer be anything but a consultant there too. Because at the meeting yesterday
he was going to be with power for a while. But that changed the other day. He didn't materialize. He did not.
You're out of Greg. Remember that line in the Godfather? Michael says you're out of town. Yeah. Maybe I can help. You're out of town.
You're out Greg. Well, it was a nice joke got up and talked and he was very gracious towards us. Yeah.
And I have a sense that the sales department is going to get a little bit of a key.
We'll shake up is that what you're trying to say? I don't know about shake up but it's a big shake up baby. There's going to be a big emphasis.
So we got a big blueberry animal back there in that sales office. I'd say that right now. There's some shenanigans going on back there
and some stuff not going on. It's just scandalous. But you know, when you come right down to it, like I said the other day,
I keep forgetting and you reminded me and you're right. You know, just to take my old advice, take the money to the bank
and then that's their problem. Yeah. As long as the text keep clearing, that's all we got to worry about.
Exactly. You were right. You were the one who said that to me. That is correct.
So they asked us all to stand up and introduce ourselves to Joe and or Joe asked for that and how long we'd been there.
Yeah. So I said I'd been there. He asked you all to stand up and introduce yourselves.
Yeah. So we could see you all here all our names and. Oh, you mean to him to him. Yeah. Oh, I see.
I thought you meant to each other.
That's a great. Yeah, that's true. And so I said to my name and said that I've been here 13 or 14 years. I've lost count.
Not counting suspensions. Right. So I've been to only about five years.
That's it. He's a very enthusiastic guy. I think you got a real passion for our business.
He's said he's not a guy who's going to interfere a lot. Good. We love you, Joe. Leave us alone.
Yep. So we'll see. Yeah, we'll see. I mean, I made general managers if you worked for.
Oh, I don't really want to count on you. I mean, like, all the years have been on the year in this town. Yeah.
Oh, in Miami, 30 years. And let's see. He started with Sid Levin, your close personal friend.
Yeah. Sid, Vic Casper, Luke Cron, disaster. I know his kid works in sales at power, but yeah, I hate to break the news.
But your father's an idiot. He was a disaster. Stanley Cohn. You know, his Cron and Cohn. Yeah.
In fact, look at that. Sid Levin, Vic Casper was really, I was Richard Rose. Right. Luke Cron.
I know where you're going. Cohn. I'll do this so far. Yeah.
Then Tim Williams, who was the son-in-law of the owner at the Wins and real idiot.
Oh, I have kids. Don't knock me on the year. Hey, by the way, all his kids are grown right now. So
that's no longer excuse you're a moron. Oh, he's an idiot. Let's see. Who'd I work for after that?
Oh, that was Mike Disney. Yeah. Hey, Mike.
He's the only guy I've worked for ahead of nose like WC fields. He used to glow in the dark.
And then, of course, Bob Green and IOD. Now, were you there when Bob Green came?
Or were you already going? I was actually, I was going about a month after Disney, what?
Oh, he didn't have too much to do with Bob Green. No.
Bob puts on a happy face to you, but he's a backstabber. We're very careful with him.
And then, and it feels like I'm leaving somebody out. Oh, and of course, the
a passion IOD, who was the GM there? O'R
Ronna Fink Wolf. Do you know Ronna Fink? Not very well.
Who was a sales bitch and then turned into just a real general bitch who were in PD
Boulder with the passion and then of course, a Greg Reed. Last and definitely at least.
I mean, last but not least. All I remember about her was that she dropped Sonny Hirsch.
Right. From doing the Keynes games and then all the way to the way they killed him.
And when the rights came over here, I sure hope that came back.
I came back and Ronna Fink Wolf rotting her grave for what they did to Sonny Sonny.
Sonny was a good guy. Yeah. He was a great guy. Yeah.
And he was to signal your voice at that program. Right.
No, he was no Joseph Yankee. Oh, I'm sorry.
So Sonny Sonny came back when the rights came over here.
And I think you're funny. Sonny was going to do the games here when the rights came back over here.
I mean, he didn't make it. Didn't know to live to do it.
Was he diabetic? No.
He had circulation problems. Like the Herald. Yeah, exactly.
You know who I was diabetic and I didn't know it and it was a very young guy.
And what a great guy to me, Bill Cosford, man.
What a just tremendous guy. He was a good guy.
And he was a what a tremendous critic.
He was. Yeah. And he would write about local stuff all the time.
He was written about 10 columns on my show, which is even where to call my,
you won't play by play, which is to this day, I remember that.
Yeah. What a guy. He wrote a nice column about me once when I went to do non sports.
Right. Did that show it? I'll tell you one thing.
Tom jickers, you're ain't no Bill Cosford. I'll tell you that right now.
And Cosford wasn't even like the radio TV guy. He was like an entertainment critic.
Yeah. Nevertheless, he at least he wrote about stuff that was going on in town.
Is it as opposed to all these puff pieces about the latest TV sitcom that sucks, you know?
He was great. He was great. And I see they even named the Bill Cosford theater.
Yes, they did. That was nice.
I think I got the University of Miami.
You stab him. In fact, I think back to all those guests that used to have on back in the days
when I was boring the audience. He was one of the few that I really miss. He was a good guy.
He was always entertaining. I like him. I like Carl Heisen.
You're not a Heisen guy? No, he writes two good columns a year.
I'll be honest with you. If I had, I like Fred Grimbett or the Carl Heisen.
At least Fred, about five, six times a year, writes something worth reading, you know?
I mean, Carl could be good. Once in a great while, he'll write a really sensational column and
say something for fond. In the rest of the time, he's writing about manatees and alligators.
He writes books. He's doing a lot of books. I think his deal there is he doesn't write that often.
Know is that it? Yeah. He's okay. He's no Tom Fiedler.
That's what Gary Hart told me. Well, listen on that note, tomorrow I'm sure, well, of course,
I mean, this weekend, is there any doubt? They'll be running a gall stream tomorrow.
Gall stream? You've got all these games coming up this weekend. Playoff.
Oh, yeah, I'm going to be in.
Yeah, we're having you'll have action in that and tomorrow morning, I'll be making my first return to
you know, we're early in the morning. Oh, good. Yeah. Sounds like a good weekend for us.
He spends a good but expensive weekend. Well, let's hope it's profitable.
I had a laugh. Did you ever get to read that column in a hero? I read it on the
Gullstream and about the old guy Irving Goldberg column. That one.
That person who wrote that article had no clue. That's why I said it's not a clue.
It's never been the track in a rely. He's talking about all these people.
They bet by the number not by the name of the horse. Wow, what a concept.
Well, I thought this one. The guy who covered the opening for Channel 10,
came out and at the end of the piece, he said, and of course, right now, it's,
you know, it looks great out there and then they'll run and then everybody will go home for the winter.
Right. Said that on Channel 10. They'll all go home for the winter.
Well, you know, not that Luther Revin's isn't around anymore. We don't have too many horse racing
experts in town. As you and Eddie Kay and that's about it.
And when it comes to harness racing, I'm hit. You are.
The harness racing and all that stuff.
Thank you very much.
Or all the marginal stuff that nobody cares about.
Okay. Well, we've beaten up a lot of time here.
I got nothing but time because I have to worry about getting behind on the spots today.
One of those days. Oh, man. I've never seen all these years.
We must begin ready for the near-rolds as much as I'm going to tell you some of this.
I'm going to tell you some of this. We're sure we're no spots.
It's going to change. Yeah. Oh, I know that.
I know that.
Yep. We'll be drowning in spots.
Yeah. Well, we had the previous general manager.
And I don't want to like leave any hostility in the ear.
And I'm not that he's leaving us.
And I had nice cordial farewell conversation.
But he reminds me a lot of how it's turned in this respect that with with stern.
See, he doesn't care about any other town or about anything else.
Sirius, this whole serious thing is all about howard.
And just like when we had the previous general manager,
it wasn't about us. It was all about him.
And the last time I checked, he didn't have a show on the station.
The only show we had was on the phone with Barry.
On that note, we went a lot of cash this weekend.
You too.
And go Patriots.
All right. Yes, go Patriots.
See, I say I brought him for the Patriots.
Okay. See you.
All right, you too.
But...
Why the...
You bastard.
Until next day, deadboard.
Stranger, hey, tell him.
That's a stranger to town.
What stranger?
You know it.
It's a weird family from Bearback Mountain.
That's a f***ing ear.
I'll handle this.
What do you have in the cowboy?
I'll have a frozen battery.
What is that?
Oh, it's a fruity delight with the paws that refreshes.
Huh?
Say, didn't you play Metaboy and thenway PD Blue?
Ah, yeah.
That was me.
He liked it.
I mean, never a f***ing part of it.
I don't mean to be too rude.
But you call this a fooloon?
Just what the f*** are you getting at?
Well, the drapes don't nudge.
And rustic America is so five minutes ago.
For f***ing s***.
Who wears your can-can dancers?
You can have a proper salute without any can-can dancers.
This year's I'll swear a lot.
You can ask you what this is going on, Daddy.
Oh, I'm from Bearback Mountain.
And I'd like to be your very first can-can dancer.
You're a woman.
Lost densely, perhaps.
After all, I'm from Bearback Mountain.
Freedom's in a pinch.
Sure thing now.
And for all of them.
Oh, we're flying.
10.16 a.m. So yesterday we had a sounded like a crank call to me
from some of Yahoo Sounding guys that,
oh, your handyman is the head of heart attack and died.
Click.
Remember that?
Yeah.
And then I found out later and talked into a home that, um,
is the wife called to house on to the here.
And then the head pain in the chest went to the hospital
at the quadruple bike pass.
So why don't we know if he's dead or alive?
I hope he's alive.
I was going to ask you how easy you do it.
But I don't know.
I sure hope he's alive because he hasn't finished defense yet.
No, but seriously, I mean, it's just he was in the house
over the weekend.
And then we get that thanks about somebody else dying,
which I'll talk about in a couple of minutes.
And they drop in like flies, man.
Hope you're okay.
Is he, and if not, our sympathies.
But I can't, I check the obituaries
in a sense, then, let's see what it's a pretty sad day
when you have to start checking obituaries, you know?
Yeah.
And, uh, Sheron, by the way, is like, uh,
actually, uh, Japanese say he's off tourists.
He's not a good shape.
And the media can't, I guess they can't figure it out
that it got to, like, 77 years old.
There was 14,000 pounds.
How come he's not a good shape?
They're a little bit slow.
Look at this.
It's 10, 17 already.
Wow.
Josh is probably getting real panicky
that we can't get them all the spots, aren't you?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, man.
It don't worry.
We'll be back at 10, 18.
No, I see.
No, I think it's 10, 19.
In fact, now it's 10, 18 already.
So we'll be back at 10, 20.
Oh, boy.
What a bunch back there.
You're going to see some real action
and Jackson back there in that sales room.
I'll tell you that some of you fakers back there.
Uh, we'll put a big X on the door where the exit is.
At dawn.
Resolve yourself to a better night's sleep in 2006
and maybe some better action too
by calling 1-800 mattress right now.
Nothing's got a bigger impact on your daily health,
well-being and productivity than a good night's sleep.
And you can get one starting as soon as tonight
with Dalmatian's by calling 1-800 mattress right now.
If your mattress is more than 10 years older,
it's noticeably sagging or lumpy.
It's time for a brand new one.
Choose from all the top names too.
No off-brand names
and nobody would dare put their ass on.
We're talking the best names like Celia and Certa,
Simmons, King Quill,
tempera-peetican, Steerings and Foster Huat.
Dalmatian's take same day orders all day long
from Kindle to Steward from Palm Beach to Ford Myers.
And like always,
you pick the two-hour delivery window
and date that you want your mattress delivered
and they show up on time 99.7%
of the time as close to perfect as anybody gets.
Lots of people are QA-mar-satisfied customers.
I've been using these folks for years.
This is one of the easiest pieces of shopping you'll ever do
instead of schlepping around town wasting a lot of money and gas
and the sweat and getting all sweated up.
Just make them one easy call.
Start off the new year right with a new mattress from Dalmatris.
Pick up that phone right now.
Call 1-800-MATRUS.
1-800-MATRUS are on the website mattress.com.
Dalmatris 1-800-MATRUS.
Leave off the last edge because it stands for sales holes.
This is new Rogers.
This is 5-6-Q-A-
The molly Christian, the broken smoke, oh why?
For vengeance, just for the choice, I put my tongue in military contracts.
Yes, I'm a fat, pure, pure, only hand.
And I just all I had in this world, my life was a ruin and shame, I'm heading for the truth.
Like all, to be your contrast, folks, for more than my Jesus, for more than my life.
So more than the shit, boyness in your heart, I guess I wasn't high that far,
I'm telling you, all I'm telling you is, you're the only one I can't believe it.
You're the only one I can believe it.
Keen Chandler, and immediately it was his, Dusha Viral.
By the way, he says, the fat fart or something in there.
It's almost sounded like something else, but it wasn't.
Okay, good.
What?
Why you thought it was something else?
No, I didn't think it at all.
Oh, well, that's good.
Don't think, not in this business.
Well, I've been thinking of the whole essence of that.
You know what we hear nothing more about Duke cutting him?
And Mark facts this morning, says, please look up and play in room five, harder to breathe,
and put it on an endless loop.
I love the way the today show has been 15 minutes on the damn minors and 30 seconds.
I mean, 11 U.S. servicemen killing separate attacks in Iraq.
Now here's Al with the weather.
Yeah, there's a moron fire.
We don't know what we're getting of it.
Pat Robertson gets more attention than 11 dead soldiers.
F this, says Mark, and love from the heart.
Well, I love you too much.
Good luck here.
So anyway, I guess I'm better than I got a lot of stuff.
Like Rick Riley used to say, I got a lot of stuff on him.
He never did.
Although the fair value today is minus infinity.
So I saw about four minutes of streams performance.
His hour of self-aggrandizement on King last night, his one hour commercial.
It was like an infomercial with no credits.
And I did this and I did that.
And I'm this and I'm that and Robin.
And you know, more power to a hard to make an $80 trillion.
And I still don't find anything on your show.
It's just not for me.
Why do you folks out there will be subscribing and Monday morning.
You'll be all whipped up into a frenzy and he'll be saying all kinds of crap again.
And you know what?
We just, I don't know.
I say we.
And none of the three of us have discovered anything funny on that show.
And the years it's over our head.
That must be it.
We just don't get it.
Maybe I'm sure Josh couldn't possibly understand it.
Yeah, not at all.
Way, way beyond our scope to get it.
But the three of us agree on anything.
That's the freaking very real.
Have you ever find out that the rescue house didn't close?
Josh just got to eat in there.
No, and I called them and they definitely didn't.
Somebody need calls up.
Oh, the rescue house just closed or something like that.
That's why I'm really dubious to that thing about it.
I'm going to get a spy report because if my handyman died, it's a very sad number one.
And number two leaves me in the lurch.
Be unhandy.
When you think he would at least finish my offense before he didn't die?
That would be the reason.
Maybe you could do it.
W-Q-I-M spy report.
Oh, one of this is your jealous.
W-Q-I-M, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
I like that commentary that they're having about that.
We've broken back pounds.
You know, people like it.
Some people hate it.
Yeah, it sounds to me like you like it.
Now, I want to get, I want to find out what's going on.
Forget about them.
Yeah, I'm really jealous of Howard.
Okay, I'm only jealous of the money that he's making.
That's the only part that I really want.
I don't want that knows.
In fact, he makes me look good.
Just like this guy with his fill Henry for today's pool.
The one thing I like best about fill Henry is he was a lot uglier than I am.
And that's saying a lot.
He could have been one of the ugliest people ever on the year.
You know, he definitely had a face for radio, right?
But nevertheless, once a part of time, he was pretty good.
Are you sure?
And now, WQAM, hello.
Good morning, Neil.
V. Rouser.
WQAM, hello.
They're morning.
I'm happy Friday.
Yeah, back to you.
The Rascal House in Boka is closed.
That's the Rascal House.
Well, we don't care about Boka.
F. Boka, man.
Who in hell cares about Boka?
You people, you know, one thing about you Boka people.
I don't want to mention any names.
The last time I was in Boka was the before Jesus was a baby.
Why did anybody want to go to Boka?
Can you figure that out?
Well, they got those big, wide swales, you know.
Is that what it is?
Yeah, wide swales.
It must be some reason for.
They got that Myzner Park, Mumserv Park.
Anyway, yesterday's poll, the most overdone news story of the past year.
We had 1497 votes, and I chapped it off around 5 o'clock.
Just so I could put today's poll on which to be very honest with you,
I thought Skipper Chuck had been just dying a couple days ago.
I thought he would kick every all of our ass.
And all of a sudden for whatever reason, the audience is just out there
licking all over my, I'm embarrassed by that.
I got to tell myself off.
Oh, go on.
Oh, Pasha.
Yeah.
Oh, by the way, speaking of that, a nice call from Bob Lasseter yesterday.
Good old blobbo.
We had a good chat for about a half an hour.
Wish I kept getting interrupted on the phone by clearance and this one and that one.
You know, when I tell you people, don't bother me at home.
Lasseter's call is the one that I wanted.
We had a good time.
I invited him to the volume of my number, and we had a good chat.
But Jesus, some of you people just don't get the message.
And by the way, you can tell Troy to die.
The most overdone news story the past year, the missing chicken, a robot, 513.
Terry and her cube, 379.
They run away, brides, 274.
Michael Jackson, trial, 129.
Herbert.
For Lauderdale, kid goes to a rack 82.
Hurricane Katrina, 26.
See the big drop off there?
In other words, the rest of these stories, we feel are worth.
Rosa Parks dies, 24.
Overdone.
Iraq War 17, Nunezzi Pope 13, coal miners 10.
Republican scandals 9, Supreme Court nomination 7, Iraq election 7,
Hurricane Wilma only 4.
Obviously just a screwed everybody up.
Asian earthquakes 2 and the London bombings in the...
Chew!
... but Solventa Uno.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
You bastard!
You have an elevator that goes up to this week and an elevator that goes down to the street.
It's funny she's on her hit show.
You're fired.
It's over.
Don't you think it's over?
Who chose this suit because of it?
And the money somewhere disappeared between the hand and the ass.
This is your 5 down a shrunk.
This is wings.
You're fired.
Up to the sweet down to the street.
Good luck, you're fired.
She wants one back to you.
I think you're concept of this tone.
At this age of your job interview, I am not impressed.
The wack you fell for what you were to do.
You're fired.
She wants you release.
Look it to start.
You're fired.
You're fired.
You're fired, you're fired.
You're fired.
You're fired.
Look it to start.
You're fired.
Guess it's fire.
I'll shoot you back at the door.
I made you aspire all of them.
33, well I said you're always afraid of those rich guys, you know, the guys with a lot
of money, always a butcher boss and everybody around.
Are you afraid of them people?
Afraid of them?
What do you mean now?
How is they can be a BLT?
That's a granola bar, but we're going to call Tony later.
And so what?
A granola bar.
Oh geez, fooey.
Let's go that close.
You know what that is?
It's just pure carbohydrates man.
I'm just here, blood sugar skyrocketing right now.
I was speaking to sky rockets, attacks by insurgents killed 11 members of the American
forces and as many as 130 Iraqis in Carbala and Ramadi yesterday.
The number kept going up.
First it was five, then it was seven and now 11.
Most of the deaths were caused by two huge suicide bombs.
They followed attacks on Wednesday that included suicide bombing at a Shiite funeral.
Posed as today death toll over 200.
Remember you said 200?
That's why they kept killing people.
I said, well little, that little spict there, that guava ovens right,
said over 200.
So we better like live up to it.
Didn't want to make a laugh out of it.
And there you go.
So the number just keeps, uh, Ariel Shuron is up to us.
That's what the headlabs on CNN.
Big tourists.
Now let's see, today's pool.
And then the stuff that's getting sent in, you know, I don't know that this pool needs
anymore building.
Did you add Alan Courtney and Rick Weaver?
Yes.
So we got Rick Weaver and Bob Weaver.
The only one we don't have is Earl Weaver.
In fact, Rick Weaver's got a couple of votes already.
I really thought, now people are going to say, well, it's your audience and you're a show.
And it's self-aggrandize.
You know what?
Who cares?
Big deal.
Never did I anticipate such a tremendous suction job.
Who is South Votus all-time broadcasting legend?
We have 994 votes.
Our goal is a thousand.
Why were you go on?
Yes.
He died.
Whoever keeps sending this facts that I've already sent to you with Big Al Wilson and Henry Barrow and all that.
I got it right here.
It was all it wasn't Big Al.
It was Big Wilson, not Big Al.
Everything that's on here is a mistake.
And it's also a mistake for them to fax it four times.
We've already got it.
We got it the first time.
Yeah, and I'm going to rip him and ask right now where were the idiots at the end of the census.
Big Al Wilson, the night owl.
Well, first of all, he was on radio when I was D and did the night owl thing on Channel 6.
And it was a good friend of mine and a good guy.
But hardly a legend.
He was only on the air in the market for what?
Three, four years.
Right.
It wasn't on very long.
See, when we're talking about broadcasting the legend, that isn't something that you liked.
Maybe we have to explain this to them.
Henry Barrow.
Oh.
No.
And again, we liked Henry before he got so fat.
But nevertheless, when you put him in, even in that category, most people would even know who the hell Henry Barrow is.
Who?
Mitch Lewis, they got them, they got it scratched out.
Oi!
Greg B. Dell.
This must be a joke thing.
That's why they keep passing it over and over again.
Radio Legend, Greg B. Dell.
Legend in his own mind.
By the way, Greg, the bad news is everybody in the market still hates you.
And speaking of getting it, not having any idea what you're writing about.
Five, the guy who was on Power 96 for so long, I think he's dead now.
He used to say, what?
Yeah, that's what they don't understand about Tanner and Don Cox confused.
Now Tanner has had some health problems, but he's still okay and he's alive.
He was the start kick of the Kendall Toyota guy on TV.
He's talking about Don Cox and he did not say, yeah, that's what he said.
Yeah, that's what he said.
That's what he said, not Cox.
No, that's Tanner.
Hey, Tanner.
You're fairy.
I think there was a bird Cox out there.
I think he qualifies.
Okay, Don Cox.
I listened to him when I was a child.
Well, put him on here.
All right.
He won't get upset about it.
He's still dead.
Do you already rentals?
Those ain't even going to my Toyota.
And then to show you what a total lack of knowledge they have, what radio legend is all about.
Chris Baker.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
I don't think so.
He used to do weekends on IOD.
He's definitely a radio legend.
I mean, get a life.
Rocco says, well, a lot of facts is coming in here.
Oh, and all of that.
Here's the one that says it really gets me.
No Phil Henry.
Phil was on in this market for what?
About three years.
Maybe talks.
Maybe.
Radio legend isn't something that like passed through the market on a way to like someplace else or on a way to like public.
That's not a radio legend.
Even as good as he was at IOD.
That's not my idea of a radio legend in South Florida.
Catch my drift.
Drifted?
In addition, which howard invented everything.
I'm not talking about the dark Howard.
Howard invented everything that's good on radio anyway.
Just ask him.
He'll tell you.
Electricity.
Electricity.
Electromagnetic.
Just a few minutes, our watch's last night.
everything was I I that's what is all about just an hour puffies and Larry said
they're that's that was enough for me. Rocco said did you see the NBC me
a found the NSA was spying on Christiana on poor from Seattle Blame him spying
on journalists where we heard that before I spy on that bitch I think she's
doing something with the Pope. Oh I'm sorry the Holy Father the Holy Father and
executive committee member of the Southern Baptist Convention was arrested on a
loodness charge for propositioning a plane course policemen outside a hotel. Oh no!
Lonnie Latham may senior pastor at South Tulsa Baptist Church was booked in
Oklahoma County jail Tuesday night and a Mr. Meener charge of offering to engage
in the act of loodness. Police Captain Jeffrey Becker said Latham was released on
$500 bail yesterday afternoon. Latham was spoken out against homosexuality
of course asked the officer to join him in his hotel room for oral sex. Latham
was arrested as 2005 Mercedes automobile was impounded. Coles the Latham in his
church were not immediately returned when he left the early said I was set up I
was an area pastoring to police. That's right. He would have done what lay on
hands. That's right when you're past your police you have to get on your knees and say
a little prayer like he on war with said. Sure. Or was it your retroid? We'd like
that version the best. Oh Sean's got some new full ideas. Well that's good maybe
I'm going to change the one for tomorrow. Now this this is good. He's good.
He's all good. Yeah. Thank you Sean. God bless Sean man. He's the one guy that
come he's the poor expert. That's what I hear. I think I might change one. I
don't like that. I was going to do that one about that he also said what smell
brings back the best memories. Right. But knowing this cry they're going to
put like a lot of sub-roser crap in there and a lot of filth and and since we're
not on satellite radio we can't afford to be doing the model of
welding the best we can. Right. How many Q. I. M. there won't be anybody in
this line's been ringing too long Q. I. M. Hello. Hello. I'm Camille. You're the best.
Yeah. You are the best. I love you. And at your poll I would say
what the guy or even how are we? How many Q. I. M. Hello.
Gleeneal happy Friday. Well same to you. I don't know about your handyman
whether he's in or alive but I have a celebrity death that I don't know if you
know about Barry Calcill. No. Yeah. He. We just we just got through playing
that at the end of the show. George played Harry. Do you yesterday the
evening before? The Georgia's fault again. Jesus you know you're killing
everybody. Sorry. I'm dying out of my hair. Wow. Katrina victim. They they just
found his body. He's been missing since September 1st and they just found
it I think yesterday. Yeah. I don't remember which one was which because it's
so many years ago. They all looked alike and they all had those teeth the day
the letter. Yeah. The he the bottom was kind of cute. Maybe that was the one.
Maybe. Oh I hate that one. Cute. By now he probably was older
not really anyway. Yeah. What would he want? Oh to help with it. Thanks. Thanks for the bad news.
Yeah. Sorry. Happy circus. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. The cow piles. Man.
They've made some fun. They're just fine. What is that? Is that the rain? The park
and other things? All of those things. I mean we don't want to hear that we're
going to hear hair again. A hair was their big hit. That's what made him
a flaming. That was famous. The cow piles. They went around too long.
I apologize. Yeah. I knew it was a long pause. You could
grab a Mac truck to it. Are you sure? Yes. Yes.
Oh if you're a hairy guy then get away from me.
I'm hairy new night. Nighty night. Night. All right.
My hair is a fry. This is the one Jeremy theme song.
I'm hairy high and low.
Back to him. But don't ask me why.
I don't have a bonspa. Oh. It's not for lack of bread.
Like the grateful. I don't even know what that line means. I just know he was dead.
Oh. Cut the crap while. Here we go. Finally.
Okay that's nothing that. So very cow piles dead. Oh,
it's you and I got another celebrity that's coming up after the break. After this very brief break.
They haven't died yet. They're going to die after the break.
If you keep talking about him, he will. This is me. Let's talk about hair operatives.
Good. Yeah. Lucky. Hi. I'm Joey D. Formerly of Joey D in the Starlighters.
I'm also founder of the Rock and Roll restaurant where we provide care and treatment for many
of the rock and roll stars. You love so much in the past. But whose lives have been destroyed
by crooked record companies stars like Mr. D. Clarke over here.
You can plainly see why we need your help over here. We have Daniel Lopetus
who's saying rhythm for the garbons every now and then I try to help them out. It's okay, Daniel.
Please show your support by sending your checks to 442 Glingwood Avenue in South City.
Our email address is brunswick.swine for more information just call
as a matter of fact. Got a very sad the fax this morning from Alicia who says
my brother used to work there and I was hoping there's no confundance way to kneel.
Says we've never met but I'm Danny Ray aka Dan Stewart. Now the over-knowing was Danny Ray.
I might have. I didn't. Dan Stewart's younger sister, Alicia. I recall that Dan worked with you
many years ago and Dan always talked about you and the terrific people at your station. That was
at IOD. After he left the station he was always a loyal listener and loved your show. I have some sad
sad news. Dan passed away last Thursday in the Holy Cross Hospital in Fort Lauderdale. He was ill
for some time. He was 45. 45 and he died. We're still in the process of making memorial arrangements.
My brother and my mother Philis was hoping I could reach you to share the news. Thanks for making
our brother laughs and silly Alicia Ray. Let's feel how do you like that? And here I thought oh we're
far. I saw that. Last time we saw Dan Stewart was writing that studio right across from where
your little ass is sitting right now. Remember that? Nope. Now how you don't. This studio here?
Yes. The day he came in and he tried to out Josh Moral on the air. Josh Moral
that plays a nick on the Armenian Horni. Remember that? Yeah but I thought that was at IOD.
No way. That was right there in that studio. All right. I'll take your word.
Josh Moral was gay and this one was gay and that one. But anyway. So our sympathies to the family
and I guess we're going to be passing a lot of sympathies along right? This is something to do with me.
I have a message them in a long time all right? Are you part of this one?
Have nothing to do with me. No just yesterday you said oh we're fine. I think that's one
put him over the edge. No I said that's fine. Well that's close enough. A lot of people dying all
over the place and just a couple days ago I thought I was going to be next boy I was not a good
shape any you know one thing about some of you clowns in that place there you just don't get it do
you including our good friend Muff that line this morning at it it's just about not you could
knock me over with a feather duster of course you cannot go over with a feather anytime but about
you want me to send Todd in here to a straight net out a little other one of our little sales
problems I mean this is a man crazy they just don't get it it's like I'm like I'm joking or
something like it's like a like a laugh riot to Laura you know what I'm saying how well they just
don't have any yeah of course salespeople are just a whores anyway even more than those of us
on the air they you know they they kill or grandma to sell a spot to put some crap on the air
although they're not doing very well maybe their grandma's already dead but boy they just they
have no no feeling for human beings they just know there's just no human component to it it's just
I want to get that commission and I'm of course at our place already get his commission so
what do you expect you at a bunch of and you would think that they'd be selling something that
that haven't been said but they're not all they do is cause a lot of grief so let me say this
we're pulling for you I'm off we hope they manage to salvage your career as fading as it is a
QA but nevertheless cut the crap no and I and I and then he says to me did you'll bell call you
no I'm I'm being delighted to talk to Joe Bell next week or the week after that there's no
emergency there's no like a major right yeah we're not going anywhere with I think I'm just going
to stop answering the phone for a few days just leave me alone okay call or idea up there
no way I can't get it in my uh because it's a this is a building wide system and I don't have like
my own individual thing or if I had caught a right either with another five years to my life
come any QA and hello hey you uh Ron hercy and Chuck zinc well Chuck zinc sound there
Ron hercy is a self-reliant broadcasting legend yeah why not yeah but sunny Fox I would say
the aerosonic fall yeah remember um no yeah now do you remember no whole morning show with uh
studs rick and suds honey in the morning honey in the evening was that them
honey in the morning honey in the evening yeah they would play that day yeah they would play
that bit honey I mean I'm remembering you know I was more freak out I listen to our love you
look me forever and if I went the other way I'd be your bitch any day okay pal you're not my type
tool okay and let's see I never even read the pool did I all I did see my own name that was
sad I was pretty good well no I got interrupted there by you with something right our goals a
thousand votes today to remitial we had a thousand thirty six now who is south florist all-time
broadcasting legend neo roger's five hundred and forty four yeah but that's what his own show
it is uh panning himself on the back and it's a okay whatever you say by the way he and on here
Ralph redneck one forty six a strong second for Ralph who was very ponderous and very
pedantic but nevertheless he was on a long time and that's what counts skipper truck's in 74 we just
passed to the other side uh 74 votes rickshaw 67 ricky tiki's been on here more than 40 years
in the market I'm kind of to thirty he has passed me a long time ago in fact it's probably like
forty five now if you ask me not amazing that's amazing rickshaw any and the best part of it
is in those forty five years he never watched that cap once 67 for rickety kielerick king forty five
that's shocking to me because I don't I don't you know you see what I'm saying I think I think
they're looking at what he accomplished afterward as opposed to whatever he did in south florida
which was just basically uh not too much and bishop forty four she's right on Larry's ass
Jim mad is thirty four micrinerary twenty seven bob we were twenty one hanggold verse seventeen
pony cigarette oh seven that's silly Craig wording four rick weaver three Arnie Warren three
and not yet for don't cox and I'm recording we need to add uh sunny fox okay right you don't think
sunny fox is a uh breyle he been well I don't care what like I said I don't care what you ask
although but now that you mentioned him he'll probably croak pretty soon and he survived
solve who's seeking to survive anything well that's bad I think saw the rickian off about six hundred
grand and that said I mean what would you do to somebody who ripped you off about six hundred
grand okay in the light of course so I told George and Josh before the show that our deal is
off what I'm sure they never brought you in like no to anyway right no they they threatened to
have it never didn't yeah well forget about it but I said it is right I'm not going to watch it
anyway but you know what what does that mean you know it's you know it's just not my kind of movie
oh in other words it's good is that what it is in other words I'm giving you a what you give me
with city of god so hey listen I made my second attempt last night this is even before you saw
Magnolia was on eight and hd no less city of god on my cable and I thought and I looked at it was
an hour into the movie and I thought well I never got past the first fifteen or twenty minutes so
this would be good now I can get into the movie five minutes and see what it's really look look
if there's a five minute can I just give my opinion without you always like interjecting can I just
give it and then you can like say all your crap I doubted I came to the part where you're like all
these kids first of all it's photographed and George says well it's supposed to be like a documentary
it's photographed in puke vision in other words the cameras jiggling around and all these little
kids are running all around and making noise and you know and then I get to the scene where it is
the guy with the the ring leader the gang leader one's got him like all under his thumb little
little Z yeah that's the guy little Z and he's got the two little kids there and backed up against
the wall and he says okay take your choice try to shoot you in the footer in the hand and they're
one little kids crying they're both crying and he shoots the kid in the foot and the blood spurting
out of his gym shoe and yeah and then he says to one the other kids he says okay now I want you
to shoot kill one of them you you pick whichever one you watch show me your real man and the kids
standing there holding the gun and I'm convinced at this point that he's gonna like you know take
the gun and give it back to him like and instead start up being and he kills the one the other
kid it didn't good I guess he wanted even it out because the first kid got shot in the foot
and the other one never got no shot at all so he didn't have no shot because he was dead right
and at that point I changed the channel it's just I mean it's just well what is the point well
if you finish if you actually watch the night I will not finish I will know watch it so you'll
never know the answer to that question oh she's you know something I don't know how I'll go on I know
but they're absolutely that I watched that movie love and hate with Kate Nelligan which was a
CBC TV movie but nevertheless I'd seen it before a true story about Colin Thatcher who was a
Saskatchewan cabinet member and who had his wife killed who's in jail right now they just last
year turned out as a appeal for early parole but nevertheless and that was pretty interesting movie
plus he had a hot sun in there too I beg your pardon I said I want to see it because I like that's
what hooked me on it well you know how that is I do we're all the same when we see somebody looks
pretty to us and all we get hooked and then find out pretty good entertaining show whatever it is
or or not but nevertheless well there you go love and hate it's the name of the movie
I'm sure it'll be on your cables sometimes soon can't wait for love and hate five six seven oh five
so did I ever read the list or not I never have nothing through it that's great
yeah I did I didn't just got through finally reading the whole thing Alan Courtney doesn't have any
that's because all his listeners are dead already boy never met the man but I in in
in uh posthumously I'd like to give him a great uh voter thanks because he he I got very
definitely ill he had been on the year at night he was the king of the nighttime
crusty old fart talking to ancient people for many many years and then I'm telling you
snooze when they put me on from eight to midnight I remember one of the sales people I wasn't supposed
to hear it but I remember overhearing the conversation oh who's gonna buy Neil Rogers when he's
on against Alan Courtney what chances he got I remember hearing that conversation and then I knew
that sales people mostly were idiots anyway but come to fight out then not only was he definitely
ill but he did die and he never came back on the year and so how kind of like inherited the
nighttime audience those people older than LaFusla so I owe him a big that's for you Alan
sweetheart and then his son Kevin Courtney remember he went on Iod very briefly into the talk show
and his whole thing was ripping me in there so many of these people I don't know what that maybe
I don't think I even met Kevin Courtney if he won't go you did but uh he was like a new slunky
there wasn't he that is correct he was a new slunky and then they give him like a weekend
talk show to fill up some dead time dead nobody to put on the ear and his idea of it like dicky
Farco all I'm gonna make a talk show on a rip and you'll Rogers that's that's a talk show okay
whatever you say and he always delivered the news in the same like upbeat way even if it was a
terrible tragedy five-footer people are killed in a bloody crater right well maybe he knew Angel
Array and I'm hearing some spy reports about one two using all of my drop-ins and about oh
having real I'm well it's way it goes a lot of want to be in this business that's why some of
my god this is far down oh my god oh my god this is the Neil Rogers show who's this is your brain
any questions are you tired of the same old same old what it comes to ice cream farmers yeah
well you're in luck from the company that brought you the successful ice cream chain fast
in robins thirty white flavors brings you the first ever inner city ice cream
pilot from public enemies number two rapper introducing basket robins thirty one flavor
flame yeah boy that's right at thirty one flavor flames we've put a little something
something in a ordinary ice cream instead of a boring old chocolate at thirty one flavor
flames it's called scoop a chocolate bitch yeah boy and let's not forget about the scrumptious
treat rocky road mother fuck up there's also neapolitan can kiss my black ass strawberry can
suck my ghetto and our brand new flavor mousse tracks up on your white ass yeah boy
thirty one flavor flames where our motto is stop in and grab a scoop bitch it's eleven
oh one at five sixty nobody q a.m. we got mohauer david in it too we got a pristine schedule today
well almost I guess it is mad log at four three solid hours Curtis Stevenson seven o'clock
they only Curtis in the building that we really like eddie can't ten o'clock tonight aren't you
excited about that well we're programming note for George you know that duke hunting him bit
which one the one that I just played a little while ago okay yeah that one duke that one
the vocal rhyme bit right uh it needs a bleep in there because even though he says a fat old fart
or whatever it is it sounds and it's a little uh you know it's up for a grab so I'm redo it
no you don't have to have me redo it well if you're that lazy I mean I can be do that
I'm that leaping myself I can put a little one of those in a bigger part I said I am that lazy but uh
you know or I can put a one of those loves do it he loves redoing bits does he really it
thrilled well yeah it takes up another one of the four or five on the a disped we didn't
charge for those he just he's always trying to charge for those well what does that mean it
doesn't charge hard he's done bits he's always looking to improve the bits well he needs to put
a little something in there on that one anyway Sherone rushed back to operating theater for emergency
surgery and of course now he's out of surgery already see the CFS these stories uh oh here we go
third surgeons uh can show improvement but conditions are critical when there is pedantic wolf
on blitzkrieg recover somewhat uh in west of virginia and uh vangia one is me but he just makes me
angry such a jackass oh but he's a great journalist wolf blitzkrieg and he likes talking to people
like their little kindergarten children in west virginia I think the only guy that's more pedantic
than him is Bob Woodward senator senator can I can't even do it the way he does he makes it like a
ten syllable word you know senator Kennedy uh oh he's just plus a jackass and ought to be in jail
but nevertheless every else you're on at eight hundred pounds slob was rushed back to the operating
room today and then now he's out I just gave it the latest a bulletin there he's gravely ill
a Davy gravy line ill he's been they medically induced coma after master stroke on Wednesday and
the new bleeding discovered in a can't scan this morning was creating more pressure inside his cranium
said dr. schlomo more yosef is now what we need more yosef more schlomo at least it was decided
to take the prime minister of the operating room to deal with these issues and now he's out of
there and they said you know good luck to you now here's the most important story of all let's
spend at least 20 30 hours on this on that jackass that lunatic pat robertson and you know the best
part of it is all those old shut-ins that watch that seven hundred club that this is and then
said all their money you know this is the sad part otherwise he'd be like you know like comedy
centrally he could be good for a laugh Christian broadcaster pat robertson suggested yesterday that
his really prime minister aerial charones stroke was divine punishment for dividing god's land
all the god considers this land to be his robertson said on his tv program the seven hundred
club you read the bible and he says this is my land and for any prime minister of israel who
decides he's going to carve it up and give it away god says no this is mine
so he's i guess he's exactly you know that's why the the finger of god sent out at lightning bolt
right in his rectum he had nice stroked him out shirol who ordered israel's withdrawal from
god's alas here several of the way know that and robertson's broadcast from his christian broadcasting
network in virginia beach isn't interesting where where's the a fall while one was in virginia
oh right berg this part appropriate yeah and this one's in virginia beach virginia in norfolk
the evangelist said he had personally prayed about a year ago with shirol whom he called a
very tenderhearted man and a good friend he said he was said to see shirol in this condition
he also said hi ever they didn't the bible the prophet johel is that johel fineberg
could be makes it very clear that god has enmity against those who divide my land when you got
god's enmity against you you got the real seris shirol was dividing god's land i would say
woe unto any prime minister of israel who takes a similar course to appease the eew of the ui
the aewen or the usa and discussing what he said was god's insistence that israel not be divided
robertson also referred to the 95 assassination prime minister yits khakrabin who would sought to achieve
peace by giving land to the palestinians it was a terrible thing that happened but nevertheless
he was dead he said people for the american wayfoundation which monitors the 700 club criticized
robertsons remarks calling them an implicit reference to recent steps the prime minister has
taken to advance the israeli palestinian peace process once again pat robertson leaves us speechless
with his insensitive arrogance the group's president Ralph needs to end the statement the
reverend very lind executive director americans united for separation of church and state said
a religious leader should be making countless political points while a man is struggling for his life
he's struggling he's struggling maybe the struggling lady will call in and say you're struggling
pat robertson has a political agenda for the entire world and he seems to think god is ready to take
out any worldly to a stand in the way of that agenda and then said the statement like four-year-old
chavez robertson spokeswoman angel watsett of critics who challenged his remarks what they're
basically saying is how dare pat robertson quote the bible this is what the word of god said what
said this is not nothing that would be christian community a bunch of crazy people in august robertson
suggests what we know about here with chavez right here we go call me when it out take them out
oh see you can add sunny her to the poll it says do you think sunny was a radio legend um no no
i mean we like to me i'm trying to be objective here and i knew all of these people and work with
most of these people but i mean sunny was a good guy we like him a lot but he was he was hardly a
radio legend but you want to put him on air and make can't feel better sure make me feel better
well really i like sunny i like sunny a lot but now i do you say it like i didn't well
you start with a rick riley stuff again you know i keep trying to tell me that you like rick riley
well let's not go that far yeah i know i'd be very honest with it i'm ambivalent about him i
love suds everybody loves suds cool me he's a great guy and a good friend and uh you know he's
not a phony uh rick i don't know rick is one of those guys he's hard to like is that a good way
to put it that's a very good way to put him he you know people like that they may you want to
like them that they make it difficult for you to do it they don't help themselves right you want
to like them a lot and in fact you know something lots upon a time i would put him in the same
category of course the weight passed that deal now but then there's another one my chum
i actually want yeah George bonded with moe yesterday there's a bulletin for you in
clearance his office and how to go uh it wasn't better than josh's last encounter with a
man did he talk to you about the facing the music yeah i didn't hear the Georgia so we weren't uh
he didn't sing and i didn't dance oh no maybe next time did you uh were you like uh stuttering
no i wasn't suffering we oh well i guess that's why you didn't have to face the music
we traded some jokes get out of here i love to know seriously what what was this all about i mean
i mean i mean i was hoping to meet uh in clearances office delivering a uh something
what you know a sheet pushing paper and he happened to be uh coming out of the studio walking
into clearances office at the time and uh i told you what he said he said uh you know
Jorge you little mf and i said right on all counts and then we started trading jokes he started
you started trading jokes this is for serious well no for comedy oh i thought maybe you're
Howard to be doing them on uh Monday morning on serious here's the fact this is speaking
of Phil Henry the phony new republican greedy turd on his website you have to pay an order to email him
since i got that bastard and keep getting him i paid a membership fee just to screw him up i got
his email address when i paid the fee and proceeded to go to about 50 different websites and give
out his email address for spam he said it changes website members email address three times now
to screw him are you sure yep also this fact she says was obviously just filled with uh hostility
and rightfully so it's just speaking of Dan Stewart i was working with him on christmas morning
oh i was working with him at one christmas morning at ww is a board op now there's no name on his
how come you know why can't they tell us who the hell is this i love we were there at that time
yeah probably nineteen ninety years as a board op after doing his news at the top of the hour he comes
in and starts talking to me i don't just do radio you know i also dance on the side you know stripping
the woman go crazy but i like dancing for men more he said and then it says oh boy gay well i
mean it's no secret i don't think no in fact in fact when he came on on i can't believe you can't
remember that conversation i remember the conversation he said after me and talking about Josh
moro he said yeah he's one of us i remember that conversation he's not i would he so i heard they
think that Dan was in a closet and at this point doesn't make a difference no maybe he thought maybe
he was talking about jewish and by the way then uh atom is still not interested just as a kind of
a parting on the way out i just passed that along i don't never told me any stories about him
you never did thought about him well i don't want to go into it oh that was about i'm sorry i got
that confused that was a brine andrews correct but he still lies that we've been about say that
miss andrews was i had the hot for animal anyway a lot of gay broadcasters
of fact the facet are just pouring in not only have built-in runners speaking of what he
definitely belongs on air sure what a more than sunny i mean you know i actually liked
tender once upon a time until he hung up the phone or did he hang up on me or i yeah he hung up
remember that though i don't i wasn't there when i was trying to get my money out of
Greg read in the beginning before when he or they were like yank him me around i was not good
what but now then we are kind of kissed and made up especially that day i came in and saw he
looked like death on two legs uh huh model i wouldn't need any of like uh
bypass he had something he had some serious issues and overpassed i believe built-in or
a ten in the morning famous banded to a list of this type his uh was the voice which introduced me
to the 70s music in south Florida market he was number one in local ratings for a long time
now here and and then see here's the facts from Keith that starts out right on and then
give me a break i would also include the much justifiably maligned Steve Kane
during his wild pre wabc days was one of the best-liked and most talented radio performers in south
Florida no absolutely incorrect uh he he's one of the few people who has been on the market that
long that on never he had one good book there was the first book after i went to iod and he was
doing afternoons and then the book after that uh all the people went away after they heard the
contract on perverse in the same guest for the 400s time uh that was the end of that this is a man
who's had no numbers he's on a state i told last year he asked me about Kane i said he's on a
station i said if you held a gun to my head i couldn't enter the colliders of the station he's on it
that he and and of course buying his way on the air so how could you say that's a radio
legend something that's like basically been invisible for years and years now and nobody even
knows what station he's on please Keith i mean you're a you Tanner you're right on there we got it
on her yet yes but mr. ego you've got to be schmitt and me man just a dismal failure
says p s i regret that wlac and national became a top show in the 80s it was one of the greatest
music uh stations prior to the 80s well i regretted too because i had to spend a month they're all
it was we hello fun it was okay for a month that was enough for me i remember that land lady
my oh you're just gonna love nashville is two kinds of people is nashville folks and then there's
people from New York which was her code for Jews little did she know that's it uh huh most
she didn't what uh what are yahu two kind of people you just gonna love nashville nash not
nashville nashville yeah huh so i hear these people like for color we had yesterday they got moved
to tenisee and he's real happy now that's that's the ultimate indictment against soft thought of when
people even go to tenisee and they're happy that should tell you a lot and especially when you
got like 175 oh look at this fact check michael jesson be brought a hyperbaric chamber for
aren't you excited about that thrilled can i go hold it i mean michael jesson did this and how
it's turned to that and uh parasilton does this and the howard did this and the michael did that
and parasol didn't do either one of them eleven thirteen and how holds the
miss is new Roger
five
miss is sixty two eight
it's Jebel
you don't remember at least you can.
you should say where did singer jesson
Where you think that's why they don't try me like a slab of bacon?
Who cares? Who cares?
Guys, who cares? Who cares? Who cares?
You know what I'm doing for K-Store Raps?
What's all an action? Those who are the Beatles?
He's been mad at me for what?
No, but you know what I'm saying.
No, but you know what I'm saying?
I don't know.
Maybe I could put you out of the line of rapping low in children's books.
I don't think so.
You're not.
Go duke duke, duke, try you be doke duke duke.
Speaking of dead, what?
I'm just gonna lay down in the floor and take a nap.
Hopefully not a dirt nap.
Because a lot of people are.
Here's another one. Just died.
Fresh?
This morning.
Fresh off the gurney.
Blue Rolls.
Get out.
Okay, I just made it up.
Would you believe Blue Cron?
Blue Rolls, whose Malifala was baritone, was featured on Hitsranging from his own.
He'll never find another love like mine.
The sandcooks bring it home. Bring it on home to me.
He has died.
He was 70.
He's died.
He's alive.
He had some hikes.
Let me say it again.
He died.
Blue.
Yeah, you can read a letter cast on the moon.
Rolls died this morning.
An LA hospital with Queen of a spokesperson.
That of lung cancer.
Oh no.
Looks baguette strike again.
I'm just gonna start singing.
Sometimes I ever buy.
The singer was also known.
He was as well known for his charitable activity.
This was for his foractive range.
He founded the Blue Rolls Parade Star's telephone, which raised millions of dollars to the United Negro College Fund.
He didn't raise any money for the United White College Fund, but he raised a lot of money for the United Negro College Fund.
Rolls was born December 1, 1935 in Chicago.
A childhood friend of sandcook and lightcook trained in gospel.
As a teenager, he took coasts place in Cooke's gospel group to highway QCs and later supported Cook on Tour and in the studio.
He nearly died in an auto accident while traveling with Cook in 1958, spending several days in a coma.
Did you know that?
No, I did.
Wow.
Rolls had his first big solo hit with 1966's Love is a Hurtin thing, which earned him mention Arthur Conley's sweet soul music.
He had his biggest hit in 1976 with the Oliver Fund and other Love like mine, which topped the R&B charts and hit number two on the pop charts.
Other hits include your good thing is about the Ant-Nackel Man and Lady Love.
Lady Love.
I don't have that.
What if you have a lady in love?
This is our Love is a Hurtin thing.
That'll have a hand.
Hurtin, thanks.
I'm dying out of here.
Lou Rawls is dead.
Skipper Chuck is dead.
Dan Stewart is dead.
Isn't we still can't find out about?
Ariel Shirol and Mike Cosswell.
Ariel Shirol is coming up blood.
What's going on?
Well, there it is.
Look at that.
Grammy's been telling over 40 million albums.
I'm saying it too.
Actually, I made some movies.
Real, you know, feature-built theaters.
The multi-talented musician had small parts in several big budget films including Blues Brothers 2000.
He even lent his voice talents to the Rugrats movie in 1998.
Rawls was also known for his tireless efforts to promote education.
Instead of talking about it, he did something.
In 1979, he began the annual telephone, the Lou Rawls' parade of stars,
now called an evening of stars.
The event has raised over $200 million for the United Kingdom.
No, those stars have like six points.
I say if they get to go to school and get an education, they'll learn.
They're set on the corner trying to think of things that are negative, but obsolete.
Because we're not living an architect society and knowledge is a key.
Well, you can see right there that he wasn't going to be around too long.
You know why purple lips?
Sue and O'San?
Maybe he liked grape juice.
Not a good sign.
Being a smoker, but quit 35 years ago.
Ah, too late.
Battling both long and brain cancer was renamed up feet.
Long and brain cancer.
Thank you, young man.
Back in 1994, we asked him how he would like to be remembered.
Somebody did.
Took the problem and tried to deal with it.
Somebody tried to help somebody else help themselves.
Doesn't help me ever try.
Well, there you go.
There's a good guy.
Lou Rawls and O'San, you see the Lord and the Lord's in the serious ways.
He was just talking about him yesterday, weren't you?
All day long.
Yeah, played his turns.
Who is South Florida's all-time broadcasting legend?
Lenny Martez hasn't started yet, but he'll pass to everybody.
Neil Rogers, 588.
How many votes we got?
Our goals are thousand.
We got 1127.
Neil Rogers, 588.
Ralph Rennik 166.
Skipper Chuck, 81.
When you thought he'd done better than that?
I would have, especially, you know, people.
I thought he was going to win it.
Everyone, I had to put this thing under.
What?
You knew you would.
Get out of here.
By Skipper Chuck?
My God.
You guys out of the scene for a while.
He's not even cold yet.
Richaw 75.
Larry King, 47.
We ought to put an asterisk next to that.
Because that's post-miami.
Fame.
There's only thing Amy did in Miami.
He worked on...
He worked on IOD before with IOD.
What's I want to call it?
We've got that one card with a jingle.
What it used to be?
I don't know.
Oh, geez.
I forget.
Or maybe he worked first on the KAT.
I don't know where he started.
And then he was on Nights at IOD for a couple of years.
And then he went to Mutual right after that.
So he...
But whatever.
Everybody knows Larry King.
And everybody...
He was of all money too.
And Bishop 47.
Well, that's scary.
You know, Ralph Redneck and Ann Bishop and Olim TV.
People are dead.
And probably Walter Cronice too with the bow tie.
Didn't he die not too long ago?
Totally.
Walter Cronice from Channel 10,
The Weatherman with the bow tie.
Don't remember him?
Nope.
Get out of here.
Adult.
Where am I?
King 48, Mad Dog 35.
Reniri.
Mike Reniri's got...
BOT 3rd man.
Great guy.
And on for a long time.
He was legendary in the name of Screwed and Big Time at IOD.
They really stuck it to him.
Like they do in this business man.
That's their speciality du jour.
It's called Talent on a Stick.
As they stick it to you.
Bob Lever 21.
Hank Oberg 19 for the Hopper.
Tony Cigarette 07, which is really kind of silly.
It's just he's been on a long time.
He's a silly sports guy being a news guy.
All right, Tony.
He's silly goose.
Craig Royling 4.
Rick Lever 3.
Solomon T. Trace.
Arnie Warren 3.
I'm amazed that he's got three votes.
How about you Ken Maldon vote at least once.
Arnie and Amos.
You hear the Arnie Warren show on GBS?
Is that help?
You missed nothing.
Boy, he was.
I'm sure Ken would take exception to that because he worked on GBS with Arnie for a long time.
So probably in the passage of time, kind of like twist your memory and nostalgia,
all that stuff.
Everything seems so much better.
Arnie Warren sucked.
Bill Tanner won.
What?
And none yet for Sunny.
Her Sunny Fox, Don Cox, or Out of the Courtney.
How do you know?
Sunny, her Sunny Fox, Don Cox, Alan Courtney.
Has a good sound to it.
1136 votes.
That business about Steve Kane, about how he was beloved.
Oh, I mean, it just makes me want to get on the floor and puke to listen to some of these top show groupies.
What are you talking about, man?
Jesus, talk about a phenomenal.
Remember when he was part of the, how many times did they try to do talk on INZ?
About 30, man.
Remember that after a passion got there and then their chief channel.
I think it was when passions still had it.
And they tried to make it there.
That was when Rick and Sudden had, before Rick and Sudden's.
They had Kane on in the morning.
Who were some of the other people?
They didn't have Karen Kay on also.
Right?
No, she was on Iwood D, but I think then she was on over there.
I don't remember her.
I don't remember her.
I paid her a lot of money.
Oh, they also had what's his name?
The one that hated me like Poison.
I thought was my good buddy from Zeta.
John from Texas.
What was his name?
Ford.
Oh, yeah.
Right.
I think he was came to Dan Ford Cooley.
Remember him?
Yes, I do.
I forget.
He was not with some broad there in the morning.
And boy, they did the, and anyway, with the bottom part to make is that those people had numbers that make even 790s numbers look good.
They had point, they had nothing.
On a 50,000 watt signal right there at 940 in the middle of dial, one of the great signals in Florida.
And they couldn't, they couldn't generate enough audience to fill a freaking teacup to fill a thimble.
Wow.
I ain't almost forgotten about that era.
Mr. Ego and John Ford and some binboy that was on it with him and oh, brother.
This desperate, just desperate.
But nevertheless, there have been a lot of real great towns coming through the market over the years.
Haven't they?
We haven't heard too many on the board.
I'm sure they were really good.
They were just so good they moved up until the big time.
Now, see, like if we put Randy on there, then she would probably get a lot of votes too because, in fact, now she's on scare America.
She's not my drop-ins and material, but she hasn't qualified.
How long was she on, like, two, three years?
Hmm.
What a try to think.
Well, it wasn't very long.
No, that at all.
And then, unless you count her, you're at a time of JNO, which, you know, you could put their signal also in the same teacup and West Palm.
Palm Beach crowd thinks that, and Palm Beach people probably want to put West's name on her, that they were Jack Cole.
Anybody in the data, Broward, know who Jack Cole was?
No.
Because he would see if the question was, Palm Beach County legendary broadcaster, and that would be Jack Cole.
And probably that would be the only one.
Wouldn't you think?
You don't even know who now that is, do you?
Old King Cole.
Or Dickie Farrell.
He's on that station, PBR.
And it's got like six watts in a night.
And night they crank it down with a minus in front of it.
I work with him at IOD.
Did you really?
Dickie Farrell?
And he was on the evening there.
To the Neil Bashy, there was another one.
He thought he was going to make a whole career out of just ripping me an ass.
And all your people would call him Crank Him.
Yeah.
And I just didn't understand what it was all about.
Now, here's one that might be legendary.
You know, it's kind of like on a borderline.
Okay.
I'll give you a clue.
Fine, he'll get into better now.
Right, she...
Yeah, he's legendary, all right.
Oh, yeah, he was...
I have to be something like kids, you know.
Get in.
Put on this gymnastics uniform.
You know?
Oh, man.
Oh, man is right.
Really?
And up till this moment, I never knew about that.
Well, I mean, I wasn't really all that gay and so now...
You're very...
Oh, you're very...
The chic.
How long was he out about two minutes?
At least, remember what Steve Nichols had about it.
Oh, yeah.
Neil was without the drops.
Right.
Isn't that the line?
That was the line.
Right.
That Steve Nichols.
He sure had his thumb on it.
Or maybe he didn't have his thumb on it.
Maybe he had his nose on it.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Because I always thought he'd blow...
28 past 11.
We got the molemyster speaking.
And that'd come up until this afternoon.
Mark's 10th, Mark that date on the counter.
That would be the mystery date.
Because that's supposedly the last date on Nemo's agenda.
That was a good line, yeah, though, for very jackass that was cute.
I got to read that again.
Okay, so everybody was...
What's it to you, actually?
Yeah.
Kiss General Manager Joe Bell replaces Greg Rita Q. M. Rice Berry.
I'm resolved as the future of afternoon host Howard David Edited,
whose contract is sparse, Mark's 10th.
David reiterated it's highly unlikely he'll remain a Q.A.M.
We had agreed Greg was going to give me a proposal to renew my contract or leave early,
but obviously his dog ate it, most said.
I mean, whatever his name is said.
Nicky, that's hysterical.
Maybe that's what.
Maybe he's in one of those great yuck and up mood.
Maybe that's always the stage in all of the dirty, uh, stories with the Esther.
This is the Neal Rogers.
This is the 16th Q.A.M.
In October, Jill Vester Stallone announced Rocky VI.
Then in early November, he announced Rambo IV.
Now the news to loan fans have been waiting decades for Sylvester Stallone.
Is Rocky Balboa?
Aidoon.
And John Ramboa?
Aidoon.
In Rocky VI, Rambo IV.
Rocky Vester's Rambo?
Ayo Ramboa.
Ayo Rocky.
Ayo Doo.
Ayo Doo.
I'm doing pretty good.
Ayo Doo.
Pretty good.
Ayo Pao.
Ayo Doo.
From producers of Freddie Versus Jason and Alien Vester's Predator.
Rocky VI, Rambo IV.
Rocky Versus Rambo.
Ayo Ramboa.
That's a mean La Tokigah.
Ayo Rocky.
Ayo What?
Rocky VI, Rambo IV.
Rocky Versus Rambo.
That's new.
That's new.
That's new.
That means something going away.
That's new.
27.0.0.
Now let's see.
Hank picks, uh, Washington in that game.
I can't believe that.
Can you believe that?
Can you believe that?
I can't believe that either, Hank.
Wow.
Washington sucks.
I mean, they were desperate just to win a last game.
I saw the end of it.
I mean, they've been playing well, but, you know, they won five in a row.
So the dolphins, like I told Hank, won six in a row.
What does that mean about the price of peas and peoria?
Huh?
It means nothing.
It means they're due to lose.
Well, I just, I think they're more marginal at best.
And Mark Brunel.
Oh, boy.
I mean, when you don't have like a top flight quarterback,
you're not going to go anywhere in the playoffs.
I'm sorry, Josh.
Hey.
What do you got?
You got Chris Sims.
Chris Sims.
Chris Sims.
And then got Brian Greasy too if he ever gets healed up.
No, he won't.
I know.
You got Chris Sims, whose daddy just won't shut up for a lover of money.
Pa, pa, pa, pa, pa, pa, pa, pa, pa, pa, pa, pa, pa, like that.
Got the Nees Pop Fan Syndrome.
Speaking of Nees Pop Fan, how about those Panthers?
Let's see, they're playing.
Oh, yeah.
Here's another scandal.
Oh, my God.
You see, when college sports takes precedence over a professional sporting event,
that's a, that's scandalous to me.
So obviously they got some, you know, real push contract there with the Hurricanes,
because Hurricanes basketball is on Amara on our station.
And the Panther game, which happens to be a day game, the Ranger Panther game is on KET.
Do you see what I'm saying?
I mean, the Panthers are on a, at least close to a professional sporting team as supposed to a college team,
a college basketball.
Maryland and the Hurricanes is supposed to the Panthers and the Rangers.
So they, a Panther game and rugby on KET.
I just, it's good thing I mentioned that, ain't it?
Yeah.
There's gonna be a humongous tune in the audience for that.
I just find that hard to it.
And Lenny Martez, after the Panther game, or after the, whatever it is.
Oh, I see.
So what's probably gonna happen is they'll, after the Hurricanes game, they'll like swap it back over.
I don't know what they're gonna do.
And they probably don't either.
Lenny Martez, four to seven.
I will say this about Joe Bell, our new GM.
Yeah.
He actually went around, huh?
Yeah, go ahead.
No, he actually came around and asked people about radio things, like how does this work and what is that?
You know, things about radio, which I find really refreshing and a breath or fresh air.
I was a little, yeah.
He was about sports.
No, I, there you go.
There you go.
What a refreshing thing.
By the way.
Yes.
Lacker.
WAC, W-A-K-R.
W-A-C-R.
W-C-K-R.
They see care.
Boker, Brian.
Oh, and by the way, I chicken that, clean up your act a little bit.
You can a little bit, clear, careless here, Lely.
He said he's a little bit more than happy to re-enunciate that bit in a, clear and clean
fact.
Did he tell you what the word was?
But a fat butt.
Oh, butt.
Oh, thank God.
I'm sure it wasn't the F word, but it sounded, it was just a little bit too fuzzy, you know?
It was a fuzzy butt.
Yeah, fuzzy butt.
Yeah, that's what it was.
Maybe it was Dan Stewart's.
Oh, sorry, Dan.
Here's the fact that, oh, come on, come on.
A radio legend can't be somebody that was on the ear who had never had any ratings.
I mean, how does that give you a radio legend or a broadcasting legend?
She never would be like saying that Angela Ray is a son photo broad, broad, broad, not
yet, but soon.
Oh, she will be.
She's the Kackling legend.
Facts is, oh, this is the university dodge.
Must be Kimba Bulkamper's boyfriend over there.
You know how many facts we get over there?
Boy, sell some cars and SUVs over there, guys.
Sell some trucks.
They're busy with facts in this morning, noon and night, but we sure like them a lot.
We like Kimba Bulkamper a lot, too, even though he is a dullard.
I didn't like her, but Sandy Payton Manning, then it says, oh, Sandy Payton Manning.
Yay.
We'll get some votes and don't forget, hello, big.
Big Wilson was not, he was on the ear for like two, three years.
Where do we go to this like at the beginning of this?
Right.
How long was the channel six thing on night owl movies, but the couple of years?
I don't know.
I used to watch it, but maybe see again, here's the question, who is South Florida's
all time broadcasting legend, not just somebody that you liked or was popular.
We could put Dave Dixon on there, too.
If you're going to put those like that movie things, Dave Dixon, I think, was equally
maybe even more popular than big when you say and empty graves.
Oh, please.
And jump in Jack O'Brien.
I mean, how about Russell Wases for Christ's sakes?
Sure.
I'll tell you one thing, boy, you got a hand into a guy that's got very little talent.
There's a guy that became a self-made multi-millionaire.
The first, this is a little piece of trivia that I'm sure blind Michael remember because
he actually called in, not that we were taking calls, but off the air.
I'm doing weekends.
I'm kind of like auditioning at IOD before I got my job at KAT.
And I'm just talking.
I'm playing music.
And guess who I followed?
A couple of weekends I worked there.
Russell Wases.
And I'm sitting there playing a record in the phone rings and I pick it up WIOD.
Oh, hi, you sound just like somebody.
I don't know who to hide.
It's not like Michael Russell Wases.
So from the very first day on a year and it wasn't even like a regular job to now, there
was Mike Lance all the way through.
He got to be like 98 now.
You know, I did that.
Take care of yourself, Mike.
We don't want to be announcing you're open on here.
Seems like everybody else is saying the same thing.
I'm dying out of here.
Jesus Christ, Lou Rawls and Skipper Chuck and Dan Stewart and maybe Izzy, but I can't
find out.
I was your hope not.
Hope Izzy is okay, folks.
My handyman's because I want to get that fence finished.
Well, I'll tell you, and I don't have to tell anybody, but I'll tell you anyway.
Trying to get something done.
Yeah.
Trying to get your roof fixed or anything.
It's just a man.
A hassle and a half.
A hassle hog.
Because everybody near brothers got damaged from Wilma and as a result, a lot of these
are fakeers that ordinarily they're just sitting on their ass.
They just overbrewed.
You understand?
What do you say?
Do you think?
Yes, I do.
Or maybe I should just have a lot more calls, man.
I don't know.
I sure like to find out about Izzy if he's okay.
You think Izzy?
Let's hope.
W. Killin, hello.
I'm Killin, how are you?
Okay.
I was, again, very sorry to hear about Skipper Chuck that I was on his show and I remember,
you know, I remember it vividly, you know, have sighting a time that was, you know,
not as a kid.
I don't know.
Do you remember?
I don't know.
George remembers I don't know how long ago he lived here.
But did he, do you remember a child, you know, show, Carl's, um, San Joe Billy?
Yes.
You do remember?
Okay.
So I could go.
Who show was that?
That was, it was a kid show.
Van Ducy.
Who did it?
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
It was really, I might have been the four Skipper Chuck.
If I'm not mistaken, but it was, you know, a kid, a local kid show that, you know, he
could go on and, you know, what was the show that Wayne Chandler was on?
The kid show.
Oh, he, he recently reached out to his money with Robbie the robot.
Oh, that's before my time.
Yeah.
And, um, I don't know if you spoke about it because I just tuned in, but the Pat Robertson
latest.
Yes.
Yeah.
I did a little while ago, yeah.
I cannot wait till that man croaks.
So that's all better, better be careful.
God's finger is going to come down and strike your ass.
Well, you know what?
It's going to strike his ass because if anyone ever deserves to be smooth, give it to him.
Yeah.
Let's crucify him.
What do you say?
I sound like an idea to me.
When Easter comes, let's plan on it.
I don't know.
I just don't know where he's coming from or what he's thinking, but he's got to be on
some heavy medication.
He's coming from the land of Babel, Babel in the Bible.
Have a great weekend, sweetheart.
I love you, Neil.
Say hi to a skipper Chuck.
Okay.
Bye.
Bye.
Poor Chuck's sink, man.
The good people are the dead people.
And then there's the rest of us.
Well, that's bad.
And then the Lou Rawls.
You don't even want to look at the wicked web anymore every time I go on air.
Oh, this one just died.
And that one just lung cancer, even though it had a quiz more than 35 years before.
And brain cancer is well, obviously it's scrupulous.
I won't say obviously, but it would appear to the layman.
Wouldn't it?
It would.
That the cancer is lung sprayed to the brain and like left foot connected to the left
cheek and whatever.
Good.
Don't be smoking and faggots all your kids out there.
Sandy Payton for crying out loud.
Who the hell are they?
Don't we have a Sandy Payton thing?
That's a six-time WIOD.
South Florida's information and sports authority.
And welcome back everybody.
I'm Sandy Payton and we are delighted to have in the studio this morning the number
one radio broadcaster in the country.
Oh, this is Neil Rush.
Neil God.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
There's a butt-eye smell.
I got absolutely.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
do not stand up, do not stand up, do not stand up, do not stand up- no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,zers, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no- no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, bad job, bad job, bad course, bad job, bad career, bad, bad purpose, bad career, bad career move once, bad job, big career- whether a teenager goes home 30, try because
Oh my God!
1147-13 will know in the painful Moe.
It is painful, believe me, hope you along it too.
At least until the 10th of March, is that the I, the Hives of March?
Just right there close to it.
Is that it?
The Hives of March.
Let's see how we're doing on this pool.
Our goal today is 600 votes.
We got 1189.
I think we're going to be like maybe 14 hundred a day during the show.
Of course I put it on here 5 o'clock last night.
We had like this is our new Head Start program.
Moe is like a little Head Start.
Who is South Florida's all-time broadcasting legend?
We got like I said about 1200 votes.
The Euronger is 16.
That's like 52% of all the votes.
Got him, I good.
I already told George and Josh I'm sharing the spoils with him from this pool.
I'll give you my best wishes.
Can you believe the sun is shining?
Man, it's beautiful.
I believe it.
This is the first time we've seen the sun in quite a while now.
Although it hasn't been that cool.
No, there's no snow.
All you people, oh geez, up there in the air.
No snow.
And it's a toasty minus 8 Celsius, which is about, I don't know what that is, about 20 degrees.
Ooh, like I said, this is the one cool day.
But it's sunny and beautiful.
Nice to sit inside, look out, have a nice big bowl of warm soup.
Maybe mushroom soup or a nice hot pizza from Tony's.
Or maybe you got pizza from Tony's.
It's a new year, but Brad continues coming through for us nicely.
Unlike our sales department, which continues aggravating.
Who tells that guy?
He is Google Y.
Software was near largest, 16, Ralph Rennie, 175, Skipper Chucksink, 88.
Rick Shaw, 76.
Happy new year, Ricky Tiki.
Good guy, Rick Shaw.
Little miss on this to it, never less.
And Bishop 51, Larry King, 49.
Jim Mantis, 39.
In fact, Larry King, one more vote in the line, is 50 votes.
Mike Winnery, 31, Bob Weaver, 24.
What, Aisha, screwed him over, bad over there, didn't they?
A TVJ?
Just a man that they stick at him for.
We still love you, Bob.
Hang on.
Hank Goldberg, 19.
Tony Cigarette, 07, Silly Goose, Rick Weaver, 4.
There was only one Mr. Weaver, I'll tell you that.
Mr. Weaver, don't make mistakes.
He smelled kind of bad, but never less.
Craig Worthing, 4.
Arnie Warren, 3.
Bill Tanner, 1.
Got one.
Sonny Fox's got one.
Alan Courtney, finally got one.
Somebody over the age of 100's got a computer.
Sonny Herschendon Cox.
So far, I've got the big one.
Oh!
Out of just under 1200 votes.
And that is, right?
Are you real?
Come into a frenzy?
I'm just whipped.
So anybody else, if you want to see City of God,
my suggestion is don't do it.
No.
Don't do it after you're on a full stomach.
I just keep waiting to find out what the big,
you have to stop watching only five minutes of it every time.
After that, I just wasn't, after the kid shot the other kid
for no reason at all.
There was no point to it.
Well, what is the point?
Let me say this and I'll say no more.
Yes, give me a few options.
Give me a thumbnail sketch of what this movie is really all about.
It's a story about several people.
It's a story about lovely lady.
Stay in their mind.
Don't go ahead and listen.
It's a sequence of events.
Like a train.
You're uptight today.
What's your story?
I just want to finish a sentence.
We're 10 to 20.
All right.
It's my hand.
It's like a chain.
If you miss a link, it's gone.
Forget about it.
No part of that movie will make sense if you didn't see the scene before it.
And no part of it will make sense if you didn't see two scenes before that.
Okay.
You have to watch an in sequence this this weekend.
I will watch the whole thing.
I don't believe it.
I don't believe it either.
I will.
Nope.
All right.
But you still got to watch Magnolia though.
I will.
As soon as I get it, I'll watch.
I'll strap him down with tape and the toothpicks in the eyes like clockwork orange.
Oh, geez.
And I'll make sure you write it.
Which by the way, John Cove producer of the Hank Goldberg show did say he did like it a lot.
What about the movie Magnolia?
Oh, Magnolia.
Yeah.
Well, how do you like that?
I'm Tony.
I think you would enjoy it.
I think there's no reason why you wouldn't like it.
I'm open.
I'm like anyone had a time.
It is very long, but it doesn't it doesn't drag.
There are no dragging moments in this movie.
No drag queens either.
You know, one of my favorite and a really sick movie that happiness movie.
The very opening scene where she's having she's got the was it a blind date or whatever.
Joy.
Yeah.
How could you forgive her name?
Joy.
It's great.
By the way, you know, she's a fantastic and she's having dinner with him and he gives her something and he takes it back.
And says, I'm not good enough for you.
You bitch.
You just skanky or whatever.
It just leaves her sitting there.
And it's just that movie is so great.
But very sick though.
Yeah.
I read Joshy that one.
I don't believe so.
No, I don't think I don't think you're ready for that.
You're not going to forget it if you see it.
Oh, brother.
But I would say that the opening scene and then the very last scene.
That's your dog sure got his legs, didn't he?
And I don't say this.
They do.
They do close that movie out.
Yes.
You don't have to worry.
There's no unfinished business there.
There's a little business.
Yeah.
It's finished all of this.
There might be a little business on her face after the dog, but nevertheless.
Yeah.
And everybody in that movie is so great.
Ben Gizarre and the old man.
What else her name again?
It plays his wife.
She's not.
Not.
I know.
Yeah.
It's not completely unknown.
The whole thing is good.
Anyway, here's a fact.
Another fact from one of the same people.
And on the end it says, who am I?
Oh, he just died by the way enough that long ago.
Also speaking of dying people.
Admiral Halsey.
Most of them.
Admiral Stockdale.
Who am I?
Remember that?
I'll go out for a grip.
Ross P. Rose running mate.
So speaking of my career, it's my biggest regret during the time I worked there at IOD.
Oh, here, this is again from the same anonymous person there.
Who am I?
This must be, is this, oh, you know who this probably is?
I got to wanted to move in with anybody that's probably him.
Who?
Whatever his name was.
I don't remember him.
I'm thinking I'm going to get away with that.
Or he should be a passing employee.
The person's talking like they were there at the same time as I was.
But I can't think of who I worked with.
Maybe it's an anim.
Maybe it's an anim.
It could be.
It says, I knew in advance from a little bride.
Jim, I love your show, the alertia.
Oh, little birdie.
It's a bride.
Well, bride would have been appropriate for Jim.
That Mr. Veneer was going to get smith, can't after a show on that Friday morning.
Yeah, I also knew the same thing because Bob Green called me and decided to let Mike go.
And I was, that was so sad sitting there in my chair again, ready to do my show and watch him when he would come in there.
I figured what they did there during the last part of his show was Roger doing something or whatever.
And he came in and he got his blue jacket and he took his little briefcase or whatever and he like walked out in the air.
I felt so bad.
It's sexual.
It's flat.
It says, I doubt that the radio business could be so cold just to call again the PD's office after a show he's been doing for years and years and years.
But this Jim birdie's premonitions were confirmed when I saw Andy Napoleon Cald talk about a closet homo.
Oh, I see, Jim.
And Chuck Meyer preparing for the new show in the small studio by the coast.
Andy, who I was bored offing the overnight that paid for morning at about 5.30 more and went into the producer's room where there were mailboxes and there was renewing sleeping in the dark on the couch.
I so much wanted to tell him that the show he was about to do was going to be his last, but I chickened him out.
The Jim birdie said it was a huge secret.
So Vinerie never got to tell his audience goodbye in the year and that sucks.
My biggest regret is because at 10 a.m. they told him to get the hell out and you came on the air pretending to be shocked if the birdie knew how you could not have known and I didn't know.
And you made the announcement that my greenery was a goner.
Speaking of Roger Vinerie's producer, that was weird.
The way Vinerie would work his own board and Roger would just cut out newspaper articles in the on the year room for hours and hours and got paid for that.
Didn't he want your job? Yes.
And then it says he was Mitch Wins friend.
How do you like that?
Oh, that's great.
Was he really?
Oh, Roger?
I don't know.
Well, that's what it says.
All right.
We don't know who this is.
It would be nice if you tell us that you want to keep playing game and sending us around as fast as that's okay too, because they're mildly amusing and entertaining.
WQYM, hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
Copy, sorry.
Back to you.
I just got to let you know they closed the Hollywood sportatorium and add Chris Moron to your poll.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Two quick things.
Very strong.
Very strong.
Yeah, but I think he used to say it was being very strong.
Remember that?
Yeah.
It was strong.
It was really strong.
In fact, I can smell it all the way up here.
Chris Moron.
Wow.
Actually, I have that somewhere on here.
I wanted these banks, but I'm not the...
I don't really keen on changing the banks.
Although.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Again, he bites his tongue really hard.
The blood is spurtin' all over the place.
Yeah, we got to find out who that mystery fact is.
It's also got to find out if Maya handyman Izzy is still alive.
I made it through his quadruple bypass.
Somebody will call it.
Well, that's why I keep taking all these calls that nobody seems to know.
You know, because that guy to call yesterday, we sounded like a cr...
Didn't it sound like a crank call to you?
It did.
Yeah, I see your handyman.
That heart attack and die.
Clicking out at the pictures.
Right.
Something like that.
Maybe there's a look at Brassie.
W-D-Q-I-M, hello.
Deathline.
Let's see how right.
I'm sick of these nut cases like Ty Robertson.
You know, I got...
We're trying to keep our time, but no one listens to them or...
Or listen to any words they say.
I don't know why anyone...
But you got to hand it to him, man.
He's got a nice, tax-free scam going there.
And this keeps scouting off a lot of crap.
Yeah, crap.
The Bible.
The Bible is a Google for Christians.
That's all that crap is.
There you go.
Yeah.
Brassie, you are, man.
I don't have to listen to Neil Tate's voice through the head.
You're not going to listen to Ty Robertson.
That's freaking fag.
Got you.
Hey, Pat.
You're fair.
What was he trying to say?
Talk about that.
Now, you're still eating there?
That's what you're doing.
You know it.
You're so uninhabited show today.
That's because you started out with Ed Greenola bar, which...
No.
There we find carbs in there, worked up an appetite.
Now, you're just sucking down the food from my tonis.
We're very happy.
We're open up.
We're open up.
By the way, right up the street from QAIM, at 190 second or third or whatever it is.
What is it?
Ninety-third?
I'll just put the pizza right here in front of me on the board.
193rd and 441.
Really?
I would say their pizza now is the best, wouldn't you?
It is.
It's an especially when it prices that good.
Now, listen, be sure to eat it all because...
Oh, don't, don't, don't, don't.
No, no.
Pizza burger is kind of extra one to make sure to have enough for him.
Have an extra slice for the mallman at two o'clock and see if he'll take it.
And by the way, let somebody come in here and do a little something special on it.
But this is Neil Rodger.
A delicious dish.
And don't say...
This is more how it is.
And this portion of the Neil Rodger's 12-to-1 hour is brought to you by the Lettend-12.
One two three four five six seven eight five eleven twelve.
It's a lysis of pizza.
Oh, for me.
near the L.A.
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
And no hope would be found.
Oh, that restaurant that's hiding up to rings of pizza's down.
Thank you, Walt Disney, oh, and with the whole party just fast.
Give me that pizza.
That's my pizza.
That's my pizza.
That's my pizza.
That's my pizza.
You're dirty little.
I don't care if it was your stuff.
You're death is no good sign of it.
I'll have you know it's more important for me to survive.
You grant me by so never attaining entitlement to be saved.
I only can't earn a living in a sliver of a slice of the pizza.
I watch a pizza.
That's my pizza.
That's my pizza.
That's my pizza.
From 01560 WQAM, the home of the mad circus is Jim Sarni called it.
The mad circus ends now that we got Joe Bell in the big room.
George said Joe Bell said, I skies about three feet tall comes up to George's hip.
Don't want to put you sign.
That what you said.
I said, he's exactly my height comes up to George's hip.
I see.
Anyway, delay ink lobbying firm has likes to three capital scandals.
How do you like that?
Oh my god.
Representative Tom Delay's campaign to get Republicans to dominate Washington lobbying may have worked too well for Alexander strategy group.
The firm has likes to know fewer than three of the scandals convulsing the West Capitol.
One partner from her delay, Tony Rudy, is now a focus of a federal investigation of lobby stack.
I wonder what he's going to Kelly Rudy, the old goalie.
The group's founder former delay chief of staff Ed Buckham set up a South Korea junket for his old boss that violated ethics rules.
And the firm represents a company whose owner prosecutors alleged bribe former representative Randy Cunningham.
Oh, not the Duke.
Duke.
Duke.
Now, what is he in a old fuzzy butt?
Fuzzy butt.
Alexander strategy's linked to, not that fuzzy.
No, it's whatever it is.
Whatever it is.
But it's a bug.
But Alexander strategies linked to lawmakers and outgrowth of a decade long effort by delay 58 to force lobbying firms to hire more Republicans who can direct corporate money to the party.
The system is known as delay ink or the case street project has fueled a surge of money in politics and critics also created the potential for greater corruption.
I got this for a Tom Delay and see nothing yet. His ass is in deep due to up to his earlobes.
Alexander strategy group has really part of delay ink and abermoth ink said Melanie Sloan, a former federal prosecutor now had citizens for responsibility in ethics in Washington.
In ethics Wachstall group, there have been some aggressive prosecutors trying to unravel those ties.
I'm sure that Alexander strategy is going to have more than Tony Rudy is a problem when this is over.
She'd be saying, how do you like that?
They got just like Ariel Sherone, baby.
They got real tourists.
Now, a short time ago we spoke with Ava Burak and he says the real legacy of Ariel Sherone is this pragmatism.
A gravely ill baby gravely ill.
God is punishing him for his illegal settlements and for his terrorist activities and things like that.
But other than that, he was a great prime minister.
Just ask the fanatico zoo, they'll tell you.
From 16 votes on the poll, I think we got a real good shot at 1400 today.
I think Josh will write that down as counter.
Be real feather in our crap, won't it?
Yeah, it'll be the first thing to write down on the next one.
And look at those phones, baby.
Just when we thought we were kicking some serious big ass and we get some real good information from this crowd today.
I guess, is he must still be alive because somebody would have called if he wasn't.
I think.
Sure, or facts or something.
Do you think so?
Yes.
I sure hope so.
I mean, he was just in my house over the weekend.
I'm sure that I mean, he drank his own beers.
So I, you know, I'm not one of those people who are not in buys beers.
What are you laughing about?
Well, it's good that he brought his own beers.
Well, he did.
We don't keep no beers in my house.
We do.
I'm sure you do.
I'm working in this place.
I can understand honestly why, especially the little kids probably are drinking him.
Craig.
Five.
Hi.
Oh, and here's Josh's favorite line.
WQAAM.
Hello.
Went over from yesterday and it was, it's the whisperer with a new, a routine this year.
Well, he's got some, see the gargourger could learn from him.
He's got a new routine this year and we, a tip, a tip of the old Ricky Tiki had to him.
Has faithful to sunrise.
Oh, yes.
Five, six, seven.
You know, it really is a hoot when you go, when you've got nine phone lines incoming and you,
you see one ringing and you know, you know, it's going to be, that's a give you a tip off on the South Florida
Tauk Show market.
WQAAM.
Hello.
Q.A.M.
Neil.
How are you doing, buddy?
All right, Pally.
Hey, I'm so glad you guys are talking about happiness.
That's one of my favorite movies as disturbing as it is.
Yeah, it's very disturbing, yes.
Yeah, I was going to suggest if you could like that movie, there's another movie by Todd Salon's title to welcome to the dollhouse.
Okay.
I don't know if you see it's a little bit, it's not quite as disturbing.
It's a little bit more, I guess slightly like a hearted, but it's equally funny.
That's right.
You might like Neil.
Yeah.
So yeah, it's definitely worth checking out.
Did you see City of God?
I saw City of God and I liked it, you know, personally I liked it.
Yeah.
You know, I actually just saw Magnolia for the first time after listening to the recommendations on your show.
Yeah.
And I enjoyed it as well.
I thought Tom Cruise was way over the top and just more showing to his, his closet, his closet fantasy.
Yeah.
So, all right, thank you.
Thanks, Paul.
I think you almost came out in that movie.
Don't you think he was the employee?
I don't know.
Oh, he could be the employee.
He could be the employee.
He could be the employee.
560, 560, 560, 560.
See, there's that, I don't know what period of time would be like 90.
What is it, 92 to 95?
Somewhere near.
Maybe a little beyond that.
That.
I'm talking about Requiem for Dream and Magnolia and Happiness.
No, no, no.
The whole series of those movies came out.
They were really sensational and really bizarre.
That was a great.
That was a great.
Yeah.
I mean, now we got Bearback Cowboy.
It's pretty much it.
Critically claimed.
Yeah.
There you go.
Right, leave a piece.
Dominic, QYM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you?
Pretty good.
Neil, you know, these Palestinians are the biggest pieces of garbage.
You're just going to have to not stick up for Israel and Sheroan and what he did against you.
What does that mean?
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
From me, not to stick up for Israel.
Well, what does that mean?
What does what mean?
I say a play got all their houses.
If they want to kill each other, let them have a good time.
Get out of here, okay?
Go eat some halivog and get out of my face.
From me, not to stick up to Israel.
It took me a long time before I finally got wise up with that whole deal.
You know, this business, they hit us, we hit them back.
You know, they're throwing rocks and we're like blowing it back away, you know.
And in addition to what's this thing with Iran, it really kind of disturbing to me.
I was just thinking about that during the break.
I was reading a story online here about how do we keep a bush out of going to Iran next.
The fact that they don't, is there a, is there a, is there written somewhere in the world constitution assuming there would be one that if you don't like Israel,
therefore you can't express that opinion if you hit them like poison.
Yeah, that's the whole business.
I don't know about you folks, but I'm not one of those people that thinks I want to hinge the future of my life based on how Israel is doing.
If I never heard about Israel again, it would be soon enough for me.
And by the way, I'd like to point out very rapidly that Israel has got nothing to do with being Jewish.
The majority of the Jews in the world are nine million of them.
And most of them don't live in Israel. Most of them live in New York.
And in Florida, Palm Beach is a matter of fact.
And in Toronto, here we got 200,000 Jews here.
I know the Arabs aren't too happy, but nevertheless, yeah, how for you not to support?
And yet lost, OK, this, here's a guy to give me a lecture.
What I should think, what I should say, you mama, little raspberry,
little special, although it was kosher.
WCOM, hello, not there on two in a loud dial tone, two, that's annoying.
567 05 60, Palm 5 60 into Verizon, singular wireless lines.
WCOM, hello.
WCOM, hello.
He was a fat guy.
He formed a Jerusalem.
He became later of Israel.
Israel.
Israel.
That was great.
Keep that one cute up, boy, because I think he could be done any second now.
And then of course that BB Netanyahu, BB Netanyahu is another good one for it.
Another good Jewish Nazi.
567, I don't think we're going to get any calls the rest of the day.
They must be taken off of the weekend or something like that.
Must be a bust of insolent, because it's looking really grim to me.
You know, looking grim and slim, slim, although now that our six-minute delay is caught up,
and they heard me give them the numbers out.
See, that's a real, a little problem for us, but you know what?
Like I said, we don't worry about problems.
That's our New Year's resolution.
We just want the paycheck.
That's all.
Joe Bell's a good guy.
He likes us. He's happy.
Everybody's moving into a new building except me.
I'm staying right here.
And they're good luck to you.
So that means you'll be down there with a ghost of Paxon hanging out.
Maybe that's right.
Maybe the Jews for Jesus Lady, the born again, whatever she was, can find out.
Yeah, be the travel agency.
The travel agency for union and we'll have to have an exorcism, of course.
Right, no question about it.
Somebody QYM, hello.
Yeah, I got one for your poll.
Yes.
Hands down. Gotta be Ralph Rennick.
He's the number two on the poll right now.
He's got 180 votes.
Oh, okay.
And I thought that's why I'm okay.
Great. Thanks.
Oh, God. You people are special.
There's no question about it.
Just I can deliver.
And so he says, at Cornshares Special, you are a trip.
WNQYM, hello.
Hey, Neil. How are you doing today?
Great. Sensational.
I just wanted to mention a couple of names for the South Florida broadcast in Legends.
I don't know if anybody had mentioned these two guys.
Bill Ross, of course, a channel seven, was a weatherman there from 1955.
Right. He was the voiceovers too on all the promos.
Exactly. He worked from 55 into the late 80s.
So nobody's going to know who that is though.
Of course not. He was the best weatherman we ever had down here.
And then, well, wait a minute.
Are you knocking Bob Weaver and the Wayne Chandler?
Well, Wayne Chandler was with Toby the rope, but I mean, he was like a weekend weather guy.
Yeah, but we were pretty good. I like Wayne Chandler. He was a good guy.
Yeah. No, I would never knock Bob Weaver.
Bob Weaver was great in his day. In fact, I was president of the Bob Weaver fan club.
Are you serious?
I'm serious. Even though we wore that to pay on the guy's face.
He was good in his day.
Yeah.
He did a good guy too. He raised a lot of money for charity.
He did a lot of good things and then he screwed him over something fierce there at TVJ.
You management people at TVJ should only croak, okay?
I don't want to take it personal, but they really screwed him bad.
They did. Even though he was getting a little seen aisle towards me.
Along the truth that they got little Bobby Mears still on the year sitting on 15th phone books looking about him 10 years old.
I'm like, I like little Bobby there, but for Christ's sake, he can't hang it on to him.
Why not? Weaver the weatherman.
I know Bob Mears and Ike Siemens are the two old ones. They're left at WCVJ.
Yeah. But I also wanted to mention Walter Cronice, who was a channel 10 from the meantime.
The whole time. There's again. Now, he died in the year or two ago.
No. No.
Walter Cronice is still alive as far as I know. He died.
I didn't read about it. I didn't hear about it.
But he was a channel 10, the PLG from the late 60s until 92.
And he does go down in my book as the worst weatherman that ever was down here because he didn't know what he was talking about.
I'll be damned.
But he was here for a long time.
And speaking of that, I almost forgot this before.
I didn't want to argue with Hank because I don't think he's on the payroll at ABC and ESPN.
But Keith Jackson, 70, 70 years old, he disgraced himself in the Rose Bullier.
I don't care what the Humper says. His performance was so embarrassing.
And he had no idea what that, not just a couple of mistakes.
He didn't have any idea what was going to hold game.
Yeah.
He was lost. I'm humiliated for him.
But there's no worse than going out like a clown, man.
You know what I'm saying?
You're going to go out on top, not like a clown.
Well, not like Bob Soap or right, exactly.
Oh, come on.
Everybody pay, Pally.
Oh, that's bad. That is really bad.
Bob Soap was a good friend of ours.
Then he got like a friend.
I don't think they kind of pushed him off the edge of their set is what happened.
The worst thing I ever saw in my life was not this last hurricane season, but the previous year.
I remember I got stuck down there next to it because of whichever hurricane it was.
Was it Charlie? Whatever it was.
And I'm watching Channel 4 and I got the Hurricanes, but the hysterical specialists buying it across on it.
And Soapur is sitting in a back and he's handing weather balloons to Brian.
You know, like a lackey, like a gofer.
Isn't that the meaning?
I would have been high five the screen if Soapur would have just sat on them.
Of course, Brian Pally had been delighted.
Brian Pally would have...
Braco!
Hey, Brian!
You fairy!
1213 at 560, QM Walter Krona.
I said, I can't believe you don't remember Walter with a bow tie.
You were there.
It was?
Yeah!
He said to the early 90s, Channel 10, Weather Guy.
Goofy looking guy with glasses in a silly bow tie.
Looks like a clown on stills.
Oh, more suicide bombers in Iraq.
Ah, just same old crap.
A lot of bodies, a lot of handi-dots.
A lot of human rights.
People screaming.
I'm dying out of here.
Nothing new.
Yes, there's no use in hanging around.
No.
Since everybody put three down.
Cause everybody in my school.
Always tries to play me for the food.
That gets you silly or a few slow.
No matter what I try to do.
Next time that I go to school.
I'm shooting you.
They call me names and say I flow around.
Absolutely.
Now I'm depressed and feeling low.
I'll get my dad in some warm day.
And I'm gonna blow them all away.
Can't get you to know the views no matter what I try to do.
Next time that I go to school.
I'm shooting you.
I can't get you to know the views no matter what I try to do.
Next time that I go to school.
I'm shooting you.
I'm dying out of here.
That's probably a few bits he ever did that fades out.
He didn't do too many of the faders.
You know that's a very good point.
He always, because you're one of those people who likes a climactic ending.
He doesn't just kind of fade out.
Handy Williams who appears to be fading out if you see them leaving.
By the way, we might want to tell Jeff Heistaber to stop again since he's been faxing stories all day long today.
I don't think you're gonna have that problem to worry about too much longer now.
Really?
No, I just have a feeling that no matter what happens with High Boy, we'll still be stuck.
Because he started again while you were on vacation.
Yeah.
As Lyle.
Yeah.
Because was it Miguel or was it you Josh that sent that to me on suspecting unaware?
Yeah.
Miguel, you know, he'll send me any faxes he get.
Or even one from Greg from Port St. Loosely.
You faxed to me.
Which of course got torn up immediately.
Just like that spot that Todd Drecka faxed me this morning that I'm not gonna do.
A torn up immediately in Shmitkhand.
You think you're playing really fast and loose, don't you Todd Sweeney?
I don't know what you little boiler room back there and forget about it.
Loser.
Absolute loser.
Has he still come up to your kneecap?
Well, me?
Yeah.
I'm kneecap height already, you know.
Matsushita shows 103-inch plasma.
Top cell or fat screen TV beats the Samsung record.
He has no indication when it will hit the shelves.
103 inches, man.
You gotta have a big living room.
Right?
Think with you.
I mean, I got a small living room and I got like a 46-inch Samsung.
And when I keep killed the other.
It was HD by the way.
You'll be pleased with that.
The blood was spurting out of the shoe after hitting the foot.
It was like all over my floor.
Matsushita Electric Industrial, the maker of Panasonic products,
and yesterday it's developed a prototype of a 103-inch plasma display model.
The world's largest touchscreen, man.
It's big.
It's huge.
Oh, God, have we only had that for the orange bowl?
Let's see, wait a minute.
I'm not getting confused.
Which was the orange bowl?
No, that wasn't it.
That was the fiesta bowl.
Noter-day.
Yes.
That was the Chick-fil-A, Chick-Gott-Lade.
The eight-up-yes-to-the-toastitos fiesta.
The Toastitos fiesta bowl.
If we'd have 103 ins, we're not going to reach in there like you're giving Brady Quinn
a little pet on the shoulder on the back.
Said, you go Brady, and I'd have put the note of name over the top.
The prototype, which would be on display at the Consumer Electronics Show in Vegas,
appears to put Matsushita slightly ahead of South Korea's Samsung Electronics for bragging rights,
over who can develop the biggest plant panel TV.
Mine is bigger than yours is, ha-ha-ha!
How do you like that?
That's the new thing over there with them, Jeffs.
Oh, I got a great, I have a Japanese story that'll send you into orbit.
Right.
Yeah.
Women are told to have a litter in the ear of the dog.
True story.
Okay.
I didn't know they suffered from underpopulation over there, but they are evidently having a real population problem.
Did you know that?
No, I didn't.
I think that Truman helped to start that.
Did he father something?
No, he just gave him a bomb and then another bomb or candy.
Samsung grabbed headlines as last year's CES,
consented at the Consumer Electronics Show,
but I'm paying a 102 inch plasma display prototype.
Neither companies make clear when or if these monster screens,
or lastly, each store shelves are at what price?
Samsung boasts the largest plasma TV now in the market,
having, oh, you're never going to guess what movie was on.
Oh, and another thing.
Speaking of Duke's a hazard.
On my trip back from, no, seriously, on a plane trip,
from hell, from four-letter to here,
the movie they showed was the Duke's a hazard,
which that hasn't been out that long ago.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, me too.
It was a long, but it needed to be.
But, and then, so I was channel surfing the other day,
and it was the Duke's a hazard episode,
and John Schneider was none of the head,
they had a backup guy with the blonde here.
Huh?
A sub-a-standard.
Yeah.
Who looked a lot like him?
With the same blonde here,
and he was driving the plim-in through the dog.
What kind of car was that?
The merger.
The dog's charger.
Right.
I told you, well, it's the plim-in dog thing stuff.
What was the other car that this soda,
that's before your time?
Now, there was a car with a big tail fins, you know,
in the triple lights.
Let's say, you knew when the new cars came out,
the Dodge Hand-like two lights on the taillight,
two little lights, and the V-soto had three.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, no more V-soto's.
That would be a good pull to take some.
They, what's your favorite car they don't make no more?
That's a good idea.
Now, is it Oldsmobile or Pondy, I think,
making no more?
Oldsmobile.
Well, I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I had an old ZD-8 once upon a time,
that Larry Kent sold me,
speaking of dead Dottakos,
so you're an old man.
And it had a little problem ahead.
You know, the water, the,
the water radiator.
So, when I'm not the radiator,
the little water thing for the radiator.
The gauge, the valve, the valve.
No, no, the little plastic box,
okay.
Anyway, that thing was boiling.
The water was boiling all the time.
You could boil us for getting it.
It was a beautiful looking car,
and then I broke down on the radiator,
a total of cause weight one time,
had to have it towed away,
and a way to work at KAT.
That Larry Kent, man, he was something.
I can't say the word on the ear.
He still did.
Samsung boasted the largest plasma TV
now in the market, having started sales
of an 80, 80-inch model in South Korea in October.
And you know how much that cost?
I get up.
Boy, you got to pay a lot per inch.
So, I heard 130 grand,
130 grand.
Oh.
Man, it's a sheet of re, I mean,
what kind of a millionaire you have to be to buy a TV like that?
Of course, I guess if you're going to have a big room to put it in,
if you got the kind of way to buy it, right?
Right.
Have we got about a $5 million house?
Man, it's a sheet of recently began selling a 65-inch plasma set
for about $86 million in Japan.
Man, it's a sheet of the world's top seller plasma TV,
said the bulk of demand for the 103 in South
would probably come from businesses, schools, and medical institutions,
but it also said a man from consumers looking to set up home theater, theaters.
The demand for large screen TVs expected to further increase
as digital high-definition broadcasting service continues to expand
throughout the world.
Man, it's a sheet of the prototype.
Man, full high-definition specs, meaning can produce images
of the highest standard of 1920 by 1080 pixels of resolution.
Oh boy, I sure like looking at them, little pixels.
Developing panels able to display a full high-definition picture has been a major challenge for plasma makers
because of numerous hurdles inherent in the technology.
So 100 pages coming out pretty soon to a home near you.
How do you like that?
I like to stand, Stuart picked the wrong time to check out, huh?
Mr. TV.
Boy.
Well, okay, let's see what we got on the pool.
Who is South Florida's all-time broadcasting legend?
200 boy, Dan Stewart was only 45, you know, scary, isn't it, George?
Well, not really.
Oh.
258 votes.
Now, you don't want to tell the story about that pink, no.
Sure.
I was using that.
No, no, that's bad.
I just died for Christ's face.
You are a bastard, man.
Yeah, that's a humor.
He did have a great sense of humor.
He was a very weird fine.
Nobody on the beach talking about pink dildos after the guy just died.
Come on.
Fill me in.
Well, maybe when we come back, fill me in.
You are, you are.
Yeah, don't worry.
Anybody who takes your advice on that vibrating shaving instrument of yours,
that you're so over with, type of, but you're not fooling me.
Yeah, how do you get that full workshop?
How do you get that great work out that we took?
You're a shave when you're asked with answer a lot of these other guys.
You're not fooling me.
This little fag.
I get such a great shave from my, whatever these damn gelette things are.
You've been getting a closer shave with a, with an operation.
Exactly.
You've been getting a broken glass of the day.
I'm trying to think of something.
You would anything.
That's how close of a shave I'll get this guy's giving me a son-ass with the vibrating.
You've got a vibrating pin in there to check the lawn.
I can't tell you why you're fighting it.
You're right, though, but nevertheless.
Okay, here's what we got on the pool so far.
Quit with this perversion.
Okay, we're burying people like crazy and you're starting with filth again.
This goes Howard's starting on Monday on the serious.
Who, you do realize he's the all-time human legend, not just broadcasting.
He's the legend of mankind.
And he's going to be the poster child for the history of the human race.
Good luck to us.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
He's looking kind of gone these days too.
It must be that $280 million that he and Don Buckwell just got to be a thwart him down.
Who is round floor is all-time broadcasting legend out of 1263.
We'll get to 1,400 if it's the last thing we do.
Neil Rogers 659, Ralph Redneck 182, Skipper Chuck's Inc. 94.
Rick Shaw, 77.
Sunset strip.
We were doing root 60s, 60s.
I get that confused.
Now George Maharis was on root 66.
Who and who's the other guy?
George, I remembered that from yesterday.
Oh, yeah.
What that was his name?
Because once you said it, the kind of like rang a bell.
Maybe you said it.
The 77 Sunset strip was, uh, who's that?
I have no idea.
I'm looking.
I do remember George Maharis.
You're fairy.
Uh, let's see.
Rick Shaw, 77.
And Bishop 53.
Larry King 51.
Mad Dog 44.
Mike Winnery 32.
Bobby Weaver 26.
We were the weatherman.
And if we're going to be driving night, drive carefully.
Remember he used to like, uh, kind of like point at the end of the weather.
And he'd like kind of like go step toward the camera.
Yes, he would.
He was, he was a, he was a hoot.
Stewart Bailey.
I'm a journalist.
I'm looking at 77 Sunset strip.
77.
And we remember the theme though.
I'm sure.
Yes, I said Sunset strip.
And then he used to do the weatherman.
For a journalist junior.
And for a single journalist junior was on that.
How do you like that?
Before we said, I'll give you a Bible on the Goishe channel.
Ed Burns.
Oh, Ed Burns.
And you're Ed Cookie Burns.
Daddy.
Ed Burns.
Hank Oberg 21, Tony cigarette, 08.
Uh, oh, this thing is just the hopper around on me now.
23, 09 like I just said.
Rick Weaver 5.
Craig Worthing 4.
Arnie Warren 3.
Arnie and Amos.
Was that famous, Amos?
Bill Tanner's got two.
What?
Sunny Fox 1.
Don Coswell, Alcourtney 1.
And Sunny Hirsch Reston piece.
Has so far got the video.
Oh, like I told you he was.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69 AM.
Randy West.
And as for our phone conversation, I talked to Peter North here today.
He tells me your real name is Neil Down.
And he's still ain't interested.
The most talked about film of the year is now the musical event of the year.
The broke back mountain soundtrack.
It's Rain Man.
It's Halloween.
It's Rain Man.
It's Rain Man.
The songs you love.
From the movie, you're afraid to admit you love.
Oh, no, no, no.
I will try.
It's long time no, I don't know.
I know I'll stay alive.
Strap on your leather chaps and yell, write them cowboy.
The broke back mountain soundtrack.
It's fun to stay at the YMCA.
It's fun to stay at the YMCA.
They have everything for young men who enjoy.
You can hang out with all the boys.
I'll be with more sans goodies.
From 34, 5.60 W.M. Happy Thursday.
I almost said Thursday.
Why?
Because I was sick that one day.
So it seems like a bonus, doesn't it?
Flex Monday was New Year's was that really exciting, thrilling, travel day I had.
Thank you so much for a lot of day of Hollywood International Airport for a second big time.
Boy, that place is a zoo.
Cowseills member dead.
Here's what that lady called about missing since Katrina.
Oh, very cowseiled photograph in 2004.
Like I said, old and ugly.
Well, I said, if there's a god, what does he do this to us?
What's it?
Very cowseiled member of the popular city, a 60-seeing family of the cow piles, was found dead on a wharf.
Nearly four months after we disappeared.
Maybe he was sitting on the dock of the bay.
Oh, that's bad.
When Hurricane Katrina flooded the city, he was only 51.
Oh, not poor, very cow pile.
Cowseills body discovered December 28th from the Charles Street Wharf was identified with devil records Tuesday.
The corner had determined the occursion, but believed it was related to the devastating hurricane, which struck the city of August 29.
Cowseill, who lived on and off into Orleans, hadn't been heard from since he left phone messages from his sister September 1.
Well, probably because he was dead.
Wouldn't you think?
How would it have been?
Now they tell us he's been dead for quite some time, said Richard cowseill his brother.
We love him and we're going to miss him, but he's much in a much better place and my mother's arm said Richard.
Don't you love when people say stupid things like that? He's in a better place.
Well, that sure sells hell of a lot of thing about this planet.
The cow piles inspiration for the TV series, The Partridge Family, and for, uh, huh?
I said, right.
Where would the cow with the eyes be without the Partridge family and David Cassidy?
In fact, he's probably hunting his David Cassidy blow up doll right now.
I wonder if he's got a pink one.
Pink what?
The cowseill is the inspiration for the TV series The Partridge Is a Gar, The Partridge Family recorded a series of songs between 67 and 70, including the reinde park and other things.
Indian Lake, Andy and Lake and here.
There were also, uh, supposed persons for the American Dairy Association appearing for merciless and prunettes for milk.
What kind of like Dale Murphy?
Boy, I sure was a big Dale Murphy fan. I'll say that. Could he play or watch, I?
Is that before you time, Dale Murphy?
A little bit, yeah, probably.
Oh boy.
He had only a complaint, but he sure, uh...
Oh, sorry.
What?
I didn't want David to step on you like that.
Look good.
Dale Murphy.
I'll hit that one little, hit that and reek a pimple on his twist.
What do you call that?
Like a, uh, thing.
A mole? A mole.
Where they always run into a building working for the mole?
I wondered before he actually, uh, cleans out his desk and exits the building the last time where the Greg will find a mole.
Maybe it was on SCRUAN's...
Back to my time.
Now that it's safe, maybe the mole will expose themselves.
Oh, that's hope not.
Oh, I figured that was the, uh, faster than the IOD Mr. Bordop.
Good question.
Maybe it stands steward faxing from the other side.
Hey, like you said, got a hell of a sense of humor.
Oh, we're flying.
You don't get any message about Izzy rest in, uh, hopefully okay.
I mean, am I supposed to be feeling guilty?
Because he was doing work all over the neighborhood.
I think he just, he just cut off more than he could chew, man.
You could think he was so much.
Oh, good question.
He could only do so much.
He worked like a horse.
And then a lot of sudden, I don't know what the outcome would be.
Senate Democrats began building a case yesterday against the Supreme Court nomination of Samuel A. Alito, Jr.
Senator, we got his deference to executive power, setting the stage for next week's confirmation hearings to become a battle over President Bush's contentions that he can bypass torture and surveillance laws.
See, we don't have a president, no, more we got a dictator.
We got Dick Cheney, and we got a dictator.
And several appearances yesterday, three key Democrats on the Jus-Jus-Jitter, whatever committee said they planted Alito's past writings about executive power to an escalating dispute over Bush's expansive view of his constitutional power as Commander-in-Chief.
Senator Patrick Leahy of Vermont said Alito had argued for greater presidential powers as a young lawyer in the Reagan administration had pushed for one of the legal mechanisms used by Bush last week to assert the power to bypass Congress, Congress, and approved the legal limits on torture.
Chuck Schumer of New York said he plans to quiz Alito about a speech that nominate deliberately conservative federalist society in 2000.
I wonder if he had a swastika on his head.
In his speech, Alito endorsed a legal theory that caused for stronger presidential control of government operations and a reduced rule for Congress.
Dick Cheney, Senator Ted Kennedy said he said today an 84-member will either rotate them to Attorney General should be immune from a lawsuit over illegal wiretapping.
Alito supports for circumventing wiretapping laws as significant in order to disclose that Bush has authorized wiretapping of Americans' international calls in spite of the 78 law that required warrants for such surveillance.
Kennedy said is there any limit to executive power and authority that this nominee will recognize?
No.
The executive power issue is front and center now. The American people are very sensitive to where this is all going and whether there's going to be accountability.
They want to do what's right in terms of their security.
But they want oversight, baby.
Safety, safety, safety.
Boy, I sure would like to find that old bag.
I will get to that woman I told her to have a litter in the year of the dawn.
Yeah, I want to know more about that.
I'll get to it.
I'll ask some questions.
Once you finish with that pink pantisserie or pink cigar.
I don't think I would be invariably even for you.
I don't even know how we could tell that story on the air.
Well, you're considering these circumstances.
Oh, that's right.
Well, I mean, you don't have to tell anybody why you were danced towards the parliament.
No, that's not what I'm worried about.
Just the nature of the beast there.
The color of the instrument.
Is that what you're saying?
The various colors of it.
I said the pink pantor.
Well, it wasn't all pink, you know.
Oh, and I see that.
Let me give you folks a little tip.
That's exactly right.
Yeah.
You're doing a heck of a job, Brownie.
Just stop.
Quit while you're behind.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516-Q-A-S.
Now, if you're going to tell me that's the rejoin again.
I'm not buying that.
You tell them, Josh.
I ain't that.
Listen, I don't make the rejoin.
That doesn't even come close to being a rejoin, okay?
And it's not even in the ballpark with being a rejoin.
Hey, Clarence, you idiot.
Want a lot of top little boy?
And now, the show is the antidote to those liberal media distortions of our government.
It's the West Texas Wing.
Excuse me, Mr. President, but I...
Why are you wearing headphones, sir?
Oh, hey, Dick.
A monitor and some illegal wire taps.
Mr. President, don't we have people to do that?
Yes, but I have the really important call sit right here to the oval office.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, hang on.
Something big is coming over.
Oh, what is it, sir?
Weird of a terrorist attack?
No.
Brittany has kicked Kevin out of the house again.
And he just set up a date with Lindsey Lohan.
Oh, that no.
Come back next time for a fair imbalance.
I'm the passionately conservative view of our government and action.
Only on the West Texas Wing.
Well, that's disgusting.
I just got like a bloody night.
A nostril chunk caught on my upper back.
Oh, nice.
243.
There's your president, by the way.
He choppered in.
Speaker said...
Oh, he'll...
There's a home of the cops.
So, do you tell a joke?
I say, well, Mr. Speaker?
Maybe next year.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Florida Man, Hurricane Generator Reimbursement Program.
Florida officials are considering ending a popular program that reimburses residents
regardless of income for generators.
The response to concerns that the aid has evolved into a large government giveaway
that doesn't reach the state's neediest.
In other words, if you a poor post and you ain't going to get one,
if you got plenty of cash, hey, here's a couple of generators.
The intent of the program was not to provide you a generator for free, Craig Fugan.
Director of Florida, Director of FEMA, said an interview on Thursday.
We don't want fraud and waste in our programs.
We know a lot of our dollars not going to be intended victims with the intended purposes.
The program, which reimburses Floridian's her generators,
chain saws, and other items as a hurricane, is approaching or when the immediate aftermath,
rewards the...
Whoa, the way this is written is so good.
We've rewards those unprepared for storms.
Instead, Fugan said Florida should be encouraging people to be prepared ahead of time
through, instead, as such as a sales tax exemption on generators,
the state offered a sales tax holiday last year for hurricane preparedness.
Florida's also exploring whether local governments using federal money
could alone generators to poor residents with a medical and easy disabilities.
Fugan says it seems to me, if we're really looking at how to meet the needs of disaster victims,
getting power back to the people at the greatest risk is certainly good policy.
The Sun settled before it last month, and more than 300,000 Floridian's got generators,
and the other cleanup items paid for by taxpayers the past two hurricane seasons,
the cost is now $344 million.
FEMA runs the reimbursement program with a state-paced 25%.
As of yesterday, FEMA had distributed $102 million in reimbursements for just for Wilma.
Most reimbursement money went to middle and upper income areas of Florida,
while poor residents, including some with life-threatening ailments,
went without power because they couldn't afford generators.
These are probably the same people aren't allowed to vote.
In response, some software,
members of Congress denounced the program calling in a waste of money,
and your fat ass governor says the program is flawed.
How do you like that?
A lot.
56670560,
pound 560 in the Verizon and Singular,
but the family is still making arrangements for poor Dan Stewart.
Oh, we're fine.
You're like talking about pink dildos and stuff.
I think that's the most tasteless crap it probably was.
That I've ever heard in my life.
That is just so, you're just heartless.
You just wait, man.
If God forbid, if...
You should be walking out to your car, get struck by lightning,
or get run over by a Mack truck.
We're just going to take your remains and show them in a dumpster
by over there next door.
Have a good time.
Behind that old folks building.
Stick in a umbrella in my ass and have a party.
Now, let me ask you something.
Since the radio station is moving,
which was certainly a well-kept secret from me for until yesterday,
which you told me is kind of an afterthought.
Yes, so many times.
Yeah, well nobody bothered telling me nothing to see.
And is that supposed to be like a big secret from the world or something?
No, no.
I mean, I realize that we're kind of like slippery
and try to avoid and evade everybody.
Probably avoiding bill collectors.
But now that's the taxing building, right?
That the kisses in down the street, the former taxing building.
Well, the one that I used to have to go to and pick up the checkered
day on the boardboard,
or the rear channel building, correct?
Right.
Because the hall of radio.
Well, that's an ice building.
It used to be, they trashed it up a little bit,
but I'm sure we're going to fix it up a little bit.
Who's they, Paxon, clear channel?
Oh, clear channel.
Oh, God.
Man, that thing's going to have to be fumigated
if PD Border was in there.
And Ronner will think.
Yeah, I went and doubt cleaned that place out.
See, the taxing building, the clear channel building,
the B'sly building.
Then this bit is like,
like I told you before, it's like creating baseball cards.
Oh, let's flip for that license, okay?
Let's flip for that building.
Let's flip for the format, okay?
Let's get flipped.
We'll say the B are spokesman for B'sly.
What a joke.
Oh, your friend is back in line nine.
QAM, heavy reading line.
Hey, what's going on, Neil?
Not as somebody different, yes, sir.
Hey, what's going on, man?
Paulie from Bomb Springs.
All right, Paulie.
Hey, Paso.
You would love it out here, buddy.
No thanks.
I dreamed I died and went to home of heaven.
Really?
I'm in Toronto already in home of heaven.
Trust me.
Hey, man, your webpage is looking good.
I got one complaint, though.
What is that?
You need more pictures.
Of what?
I don't know.
You guys are...
You don't want to see us believe you, me.
Oh, come on, Neil.
You're the one from the best side.
Yours looks great, man.
He looks exactly like he looks on the air.
Exactly.
I'm holding you here.
I agree here.
Right, right, Tom.
You know something.
I think I just was inspired.
We have a guest, the ass contest.
I don't have a picture of everybody's ass.
And every month we'll put a different ass on there.
And you can...
That's right.
Like a contest.
It's not who you get.
They get asked.
I'll subscribe.
Okay.
I'll subscribe.
Neil, you got my vote for the broadcast legend, buddy.
Well, thanks, palie.
I appreciate it.
Have a good time out there and put you up.
Oh, we'll do.
Okay, see you.
See you, buddy.
He's probably got a pink one, too.
56670560, pound 560 in the Verizon Singular Rental Slime on a great Friday.
January the 6th, we're going to the new year and things are really looking up at QA and
boy.
And across the street they're really looking down.
I wouldn't be surprised if one of these days, soon, why might calls back in with this fiery
port on 790 Bean Soul.
He called in there.
You run a vacation, Ed.
But he called.
I remember Josh.
He called in to give us that report.
Yeah, he did.
But we don't know if it's true.
We can broadcast thing.
He said we can block it.
They got some good jingles, but he don't know more about the man.
There will really be a sad situation because Joel Feinberg doesn't own anything.
You know, maybe owns a car or probably a trade-out.
Maybe owns a Jaguar.
But they're just leasing that thing from Jefferson Pilot.
If Jefferson Pilot really sold it to somebody else, they might just say, hey, this leased deal sucks.
We don't want that crap on here.
That juice guy and that toast and hot tamale, you know, that other garbage you got on here.
And maybe then we can get Joel Rose back to fill 2 to 4.
I mean, I can't believe that.
It's probably not that loud.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How come no one's mentioned Wayne Ferris?
Well, they sure as hell ought to.
He was out there for a hundred years.
Yeah.
I can name him.
I can name him.
Dave and they've invited the circus after him.
Remember?
See you, Pauli.
Oh, that's bad.
Wayne Ferris.
I don't want to go through this again because it's my all-timers when he gets old.
Even when I was young, I can't keep it straight between Wayne Ferris and Wayne Chamber.
They both were in real bad car crashes.
One of them lived and one of them died.
I don't know which one it is.
Right?
Right.
You remember we've had that conversation in Zillion Times.
Maybe not in Zillion, but at least we heard him.
Right.
So which Wayne is, now I tell you which Wayne I'd like to see pushing up days.
These but, you know, that would be bad.
Wouldn't it?
Yeah, don't say it.
To wish that on our buddy.
Wayne I think I know.
You fairy.
5, 6, 7.
Oh, and area is back again.
I knew he'd be back.
QA and breathing line.
Hello.
He's not there or nothing happened to it.
There he is.
Hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's another or somebody.
Yes.
Oh, so great to get through.
This is Andy from St. Louis, Missouri.
Oh, my God.
Holy Toledo.
I know.
I sure am.
I hope you're Catholic.
Andy.
Otherwise they'll kick your ass out of St. Louis.
Oh, they ought to.
They ought to kick my ass solid.
But I escaped, but for the wrong reasons.
Yes.
I probably don't remember me.
I'm kind of a panic.
But I was fit on the Leonardo DiCaprio on crack-looking kid.
And I was the dreadlock hippie-looking kid that brought you.
The madness and bill ticks were lentilist, CD.
I'll be back in a day.
Uh-huh.
I do remember that.
I still have that bill hit CD.
And I still haven't listened to it.
Gosh, darn it.
I tell you.
That's a great one.
I'll wait.
Next time I'm home, I'll listen to it.
I just saw it the other day when I was down on Florida getting bored for three days.
Oh, my word.
Yes.
It's amazing to hear.
Well, the other reason I guess I called, and I know it's old news, of course.
Yes, Andy.
But Harry and her cube was the reason.
Cube.
Yes, cube.
And the reason I had you or was allowed to escape from my Annie.
I was a university of my Annie student.
Oh, I was so sorry.
To a girl named Farah.
And she threw whatever reasons I won't bore you to hell.
She went into a coma.
And I'm actually now a disabled individual.
I'm a quadriplegic for some whole other near reason that I won't bore you with.
Andy, have you had any more good news for us?
I know.
I'm just like a fresh air.
Wow.
It's great to be here and being so fresh and full and loving.
Anyway, she was in a coma from April 17th until May 30th when she died.
Oh, Jesus.
God, this story just keeps getting better and better.
Oh, get better.
Oh, I guarantee you I'm going to take it up a whole rebel here, Neil.
I had to be the most evil and terrible person on earth to literally tear my wife.
I had to escape.
This was like about, if you remember, I mean those dates are obviously not perfect.
But this was fairly close to the Terry issue.
The one of the people who had been in the room with your wife had a cute, what would you say?
Exactly.
Wow.
And you had a young.
She had her own tube.
And I, of course, as a husband, was supposed to have medical rights inside.
But her mother got very involved.
And the only reason that my life was not turned into what happened with the whole Terry and the tube system,
is because her mother was from Singapore and didn't understand our media and how to ruin my life directly.
So I was capable of being an evil, evil bastard and literally snuck in there in the middle of the night with a bunch of allies that I had.
I remember kind of like Teresa on Passons, the key to men as well.
Make it in, right?
I've got literally another mother that is in there literally distracting Nicole, which is far as mother.
Right.
And while she's being distracted, I heard.
And while I can hear the sound of people like blowing their brains out while we listen to Ms. Calli Andy,
but it's here on the upper side.
I'm really quick-ending, right?
In closing, yes.
In closing, literally.
With all of these allies and all of this bullshit, I literally push it out.
Okay, listen, good luck to Andy.
Wow.
I want to do a coma there.
Oh, wow.
I mean, could it get any better than that?
I was going to ask him how he had the misfortune of being progrip-lead-jig,
but we never got to that point because I had to dump a little something he said there.
Maybe she would have lived just a sleep.
Oh, and that, see what I mean about you?
That's brutal.
That is just, oh.
Now, what do you like that movie, a city of God?
They probably start chopping people up like an amete grinder in there, too, by the end.
They just want to chop that one guy.
What's his name?
JZLV.
Lill Z.
Yeah.
They chop his ass off everybody would have been alive with him.
Oh, don't worry.
Just wait.
Oh, good.
And then he gets his.
He gets his.
Oh, well, if he gets his, I'll watch the movie.
Okay.
Now I feel better.
It's a great way.
It's very satisfying.
How's that?
Well, maybe somebody found a good machine gunman.
Fuck your hands.
It's better than anything you've ever had.
Well, good.
I'm going to watch it this weekend.
Now, you got Magnolia to watch.
If somebody isn't, we got to find it out.
And then don't buy all that George.
You'll be any son of an aunt about the bad ending.
There's not a damn thing wrong with that movie.
Listen, Emily, I've heard, I've heard both reviews.
I've heard good and I've heard bad.
Well, who told you bad?
George.
No, George doesn't think the movie is bad.
He just doesn't like the ending.
The ending he was wanting.
Yeah.
Well, I saw it maybe when he didn't get a sequel.
Magnolia too, okay?
Okay.
Maybe when you see a William H. Macy, you ever got the braces?
Paul Harvey can narrate it.
The rest of the story.
Or maybe Paul Harvey Jr.
Ooh, speaking of somebody we haven't heard from in the New Year.
Thank God.
No wonder we're so in such a good mood.
So there's a guy with a dead wife and he's a quadriplegic.
But other than that, things are going very well.
He's said in St. Louis.
1333 votes on the poll.
I mean, was that for real or was that a comedy routine?
I mean, that was something.
It was surreal.
Who is South Florida's all-time broadcasting legend?
Oh, I feel so freaking legendary.
You know what?
Neo Roger's 704.
Woof!
Man.
I got to, I'm holding on to both sides of this chair.
It's kind of like when Greg called me a couple days ago.
I was holding on to the phone with both hands because the suction was so great
it was trying to fly out of my hands.
And the phone too.
Round for Rennac 183.
Skipper Chuck's in 100.
For good old Skipper Chuck, he'll be missed at Cemetery Village.
Rick Shaw 78 and Bishop 56 as in Q 56.
Boy, she hated me.
Oh, she hated me.
Like, wasn't.
I wonder if that's a true story that she used to have.
We heard that from several people who worked at Channel 10.
That's used to play.
She posted on the bulletin board there in the newsroom.
Anybody caught listening to the Roger Show will be dismissed immediately.
Whatever, you know.
She was a real Nazi.
Like Larry King 53, Jim Mandage 48,
Micronary 34, Bob Weaver 27, Hank Goldberg 21 for Henry,
Tony Cigarette only nine.
And I'm sure that he most of those votes are his.
Rick Weaver 5, Craig Worthing stuck on four there, Craig O.
Arnie Warren 3, Bill Tanner has got a pair.
What?
Sonny Hershtoo, finally Sonny moved up into World East Iowa Tanner.
Alan Courtney 2.
Hello, what do you want?
And the Sonny Fox and Don Cox.
Fox and Cox won a piece.
Alan Courtney, wait.
You talk about it.
But you know something?
What?
I remember saying this long time ago and I'll say it again.
Because he was a miserable crusty old, uh, curmudgeon on here.
But anybody who had been talking to the old Farts of South Florida for like about 50 years,
could you blame him?
No.
You know, it's like one of those chicken in the head questions.
It's like, was George really this early before he got married?
No.
This was a meal Roger.
No.
This is 5.62 am.
It's not just the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
I'm dying out of here.
Absolutely.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
Anything else?
Game going right to the end of this matter.
Game going right for the end of this matter.
Game going right to the end.
Game going right to the end.
Don't take advantage of that.
I thought that, you know,
There are somees in here,
I had a client who called yesterday and was like sucking a rubber.
Nice, nice call, Clarence.
Don't call me too much more.
But Clarence and I have no problem.
What do you want on the same page?
He knows all I care about is getting that paycheck and that's it.
Just leave me alone and give me the check.
That's how we care about it.
Just give us our money and let's make sure we get a raise for Josh Cortes.
And by the way, you have nothing to worry about Josh as far as your position when he
gets a new building.
Josh was very up here and worried about that.
I thought we were going to try to find some way to squeeze his ass out the door.
You know to save money.
No points.
Save money.
The big bucks.
He makes money.
Well, I mean, what other reason would they do it?
Oh, you know, he's a valuable part of this team between the website and between working
with you on the 80th, 500 days a year I'm not on and all these other things, right?
Plus, who's going to help me out with these things?
I mean, to find out if I'm really right, plus $1.00 a piece of burglar.
It's better.
All these things.
Because if they screw with him, man, if they screw with anybody on the show, bye-bye.
I'm just saying that just because it's true, but I just don't want to see that.
And they're not going to do it.
No, I don't think so.
Clarence has spoke to Joe Bell.
Is he?
I wonder if he's came to my bill.
He would love to touch base.
We'll make arrangements for some time next week.
See, Clarence, I understand.
Believe me alone today.
I'm feeling really good.
My brains are unscramble.
My pressure is fine.
I'm actually going to live at least two to weekend.
So there you go.
Clarence gets it.
Some other people in my building don't get it.
That's what I'm hearing.
I don't want to say what.
We work to keep taxes low and we're spring spending.
We've also got other challenges.
Yeah, oh, yeah.
I'm looking at one.
A gay kiss in a swimming pool, which two men say got them thrown out of a luxury hotel
that's caused this stir in traditionally macho, Mexico, where open displays of homosexuality
are frowned upon.
Madacone.
Gerardo Elliott, and his partner, Samir Hadoo.
Towel police in Los Cabos, a plus beach resort city popular with US tourists, Therese
Des, that security guards beat them up and threw them into the street with their luggage
after spotted and kissing in the hotel pool in December.
Too fairy.
But when left this deputies demanded investigation of the incident in Congress this week, they
were angrily shouted down by legislators from other parties who argued that the subject
was unfit for discussion in the chamber.
The ruckus highlights they discovered about soul-mov sexuality in this predominantly Catholic
country, is by recent openness toward gays in some areas.
You know, it's really interesting about the Latin American countries, but they're also
different because like Spain, which is overwhelmingly Catholic, they thumb their nose at the
Pope and they have the gay marriage thing there now and all of these things.
They only think they thumb what I heard.
Are you starting with that pink thing again?
It's a question of...
I think that's what they're starting with.
It's a question of profound conservatism in tolerance and backwardness, part of the
Democratic Revolution deputies, in Timunio's, said of the deputies' reactions.
He's probably came to Manimunio's.
I sure hope not for his sake.
Congress voted that the issue was not urgent and shoved in the commission for amalization.
So who do you like better?
Manimunio's or Marvin Rawman?
Marvin.
That's your buddy.
My best close personal friend.
Yeah, I bet.
Thanks a lot for whammy by the way, Marvin, you idiot.
In the U of the 2070 old public relations officer, who lives with his 24-year-old
heirstuward, Havdu, in Mexico City with his buddy, said he and his partner only shared
a discreet peck.
Oh boy.
Excuse me?
It was just a two-second kiss.
We didn't even touch lips, he said.
Adding the couple chose the hotel president, Intercontinental, because of the stated gay
friendly policy of his parent company.
A spokesman for the hotel said it had documents and witness statements proving the couple's
version of the events was false.
He insisted the hotel was gay friendly and said the pair was thrown out for making inappropriate
advances at other guests.
Oh no, they were cruising for and got a bruising.
The hotel in Los Cabos, a maggot for four and yodders and golfers, pays British group
Intercontinental hotels to use its brand.
All you might have caught is a stat of a manco.
In fact, anybody with a brand stat of Mexico, unless you're a crazy person.
Because what happens a lot of tourists who go to Mexico is they like to roast motel
they chicken and they never check out.
Come in to QAM, hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay, pal.
Hey, I didn't hear you talk about it, but you got to the jet through that they shot down
that mountain system in the court, huh?
They shot down what?
Yeah, he was always petitionant for the school vouchers for the private schools.
Oh, yeah, but he's got his devious plans.
He wants to bring it back.
You know, he says, oh, he's going to bring it back.
Bring him back alive.
Well, he's a very popular guy, man.
People like fascists.
Yeah, fascists, anyway, I've shown you.
Do you like to us, pal?
I'm fine.
I'll vouch reform.
And his brother, his dumb ass brother, filled the job which will actually exist.
He's right up there, slurring his words and talking like a mole wrong right there on TV.
And what they should give it up time.
They're not talking too much about Jack Abramoff or about Tom DeLay or Bob Ney or any of
these things.
God forbid, or even do cutting him.
I'm going to play that duke bit again.
You can listen very well.
OK, I will.
No, I don't.
I want to.
What is the word again?
But, but.
OK, I knew it wasn't what I thought it was, but boy, it was just something.
A little bit fuzzy for me.
Somebody Q.A.M.
Hello?
Neil, I got something for your poll.
OK.
Only all people like us will remember this guy.
Big Wilson.
Yeah, well, several people have mentioned that.
But, OK, we'll put him on there to make you happy.
OK.
Thank you, bye.
Put Big Wilson on there so these people could bug me.
I would hardly say that Big Wilson was legendary because he had a cult following on the
night out movies on Channel 6.
And the radio audience he had on IOD is one of the great entertainers.
I mean, if we're going to put him on there, we'll put Bill Calderon there too.
And I think, huh?
We could.
Neither one of them was in the market that long.
I'm trying to tell you that.
Look, they'll answer the question they want to answer, Mr.
Calderon.
Yeah.
Who do you like?
We've already done that eight million times.
Who's your favorite?
Who do you like?
Who did you hate?
But that's not the question today.
In addition, which, who cares?
Let's get Big Wilson and Hello, Big.
And our guarantee now, he's going to get some votes because people will rip this up.
They're whipping it.
Hello?
Q.A.M.
Hello?
Hey, I don't think there's ever been a poll before to sweep this much as this one.
Yeah.
What is that?
Yeah, I freaked this.
W.A.M.
Hello?
They need to go on to the poll.
Yeah.
Big Wilson.
Great idea.
All right.
Excellent choice.
Five, six, seven to cause this keep getting better and better if they're good all through this new year, man.
We're going to kick some serious ass with without that pink instrument.
W.A.M.
Hello?
Yeah, I got one for you, Paul.
Okay.
I think you called himself the Great Warrior.
Okay.
Yeah, huh?
W.A.M.
Hello?
Alkalino.
How's it going?
Yes, sir.
We can't wait to let you call himself the late one.
Yes.
How's everything going, Neil?
Excellent.
Very good.
I'm always sick of self-floor to, but even more self.
After coming back from Chicago from the holidays, everybody I look at down here.
I want to kill.
I can't handle it.
That's my whole college call.
It's unbelievable how you could be somewhere where
a good percentage of the other people kind of concerned about you or at least ask a little concerned about you.
Right.
And it's so much easier to get things done with someone.
Why do you think I like it here so much?
People are friendly, they're cooperative, they're helpful, they're polite, they're just, you know, I mean, 99% of the people here are agreeable.
Just the opposite of self-floor to, we're like 99% of the people are like, like that.
Exactly.
I mean, people don't realize it here.
What it's like in other places.
This is the place where I live.
One of the quislings over there, QAM, living the same development.
I'm not sure who it is, but I see the band fill out of here.
It's less time.
Yeah.
And they just got a new homeowner's association because they wanted to improve this place.
And it's unbelievable, but they just changed hands a few months ago.
It's worse than it was.
You can't get a response from anybody no matter what it is.
And every time everybody's pointing the finger and go, you go to this person, go to this person.
Every person you go to to get help.
Nobody knows about what the other person was just talking about.
Now you're talking.
Now that's the self-floor to ask him, way, man.
And then you go back to the first person you fought to.
And that's why I think this look at you with like a blank work on a 35-hour.
Yeah.
Well, thanks a lot, Uncle Meal.
I love the show.
Good luck to you, Palio.
Pack your bags, baby.
Yeah.
Okay.
Maddie Bell Rodriguez.
There she is.
Maddie Bell Rodriguez.
Maddie Bell.
What's it on him?
If?
Maddie Bell.
Well, Maddie Bell.
Well, I'm not saying it away.
Maybe it was me or something.
There she is.
Maddie Bell Rodriguez.
It says, oh, this is a long facts.
It says, speaking of pink torpedo.
Oh, see the end of that?
Oh, this is from, I'm looking at the head around.
This is from the same anonymous ward off.
Long hair at Alex was good friends with Dan.
The rain actually hurts a steward.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
I tried to prove for you that before I was there.
Oh, we're fine.
He likes the Steelers.
You liked him.
I don't know what that means.
The greatest contribution from Steve Nichole was that the new traffic
outfit that was supposed to replace Metro traffic.
The Spanish girl was unintelligible.
Oh, he's knocking for Maddie Bell.
Well, you liked her.
She had big hooters, man.
Bigger off.
She was fine.
By the way, her English was much better these days.
And she's on Channel 4 News now.
And she's a lot better now.
It's part of the cult.
It said, man, old Steve Nichole wandered her real bad.
Just like he said about Aaron Summers.
I don't know if her show's going to be any good, but she's got a great ass.
Oh, what a kidder.
Anyway, it says he wanted to do to her what Phil Henry did.
Oh, I see.
Oh, no.
This is just too much inside stuff on here.
And that worked with Lisa.
It says, man, Lisa was beautiful.
Wasn't she?
It was Lisa.
Lisa Mercy, I would imagine.
You used to talk to her on the air when she changed life copy.
That's right.
Lisa from Frathe.
Not from, not the one that was not married to a, what's his name?
A sales guy.
No.
What that was his name?
Short Steve Schwartz.
Right.
You think it Laura?
Oh, Laura.
Laura, Lisa, Lisa, and Laura, Danny and Jimmy.
And?
That says he's back in Denver, too bad.
That is one random thought about Rick Riley.
Man, did he breathe loud?
You know, one of those guys can actually, you can hear breathe.
We're on the boardroom for some time producer meeting.
And while Bob Green was talking, all I could, it was Rick Riley breathing.
I became transfixed.
I never heard Rick breathing hard, but I remember this board up.
You think this is Alex?
It could very well be.
Because he mentions long here at Alex.
Tom Hopkins, great news, man, as he's still alive.
Yeah, last time we heard he was in Costa Rica somewhere, right?
Uh, okay.
Or did he die?
No, he didn't die.
No, thank you.
That's a good, good guy.
One at the clock, workers come for having Tourette's syndrome.
Remember Randy dropped the guitar man is against, because Rick Riley stole him that day.
Well, this is, this stuff is just, it says, I'm not the Fatsow board off,
who spilled this, uh, sold on the board and ruined it that time.
Well, what is it?
It was, it was finest hour.
I hear his Dave Graveline's private engineer.
Oh, boy, oh, boy, I'm not touching that.
And the best thing about her in summer show was the visit from that info mania,
Kathy Willis.
I squeezed her breasts for free, but they were fake.
Oh, this is Adam.
Gotta be Adam, maybe.
No.
Oh, man.
He changed the complexion of the prostitute, the business, I'll tell you that.
I heard she was a professional model.
One 14 at QAM, happy new year from our friends at Armstrong Photo Homestead.
2005 was a great year and thousands of new customers took advantage of the neildial
and bought their new Ford from Armstrong Ford.
Why do people shop there?
It's easy, man, because Armstrong Ford guarantees you a great price, great service after the sale,
and that personal touch that comes from a local family owner dealership.
Pick up that phone right now called David Rich to the GM at 305, 247, 512.
When you buy a new Ford from Armstrong Photo Homestead, you're also on top of their fantastic,
unbeatable prices get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program.
That's right.
When you buy from Armstrong Ford, you get free tires and batteries for life of your car.
That could save you thousands of dollars.
David Rich in the staff guarantee you won't find a better price any place being locally owned and offered.
You know they're going to treat you great because they want to make you a customer for life.
No bait and switch, no phone, you sales.
So start the year off with a great new Ford from our friend David Rich in the staff at Armstrong Photo Homestead.
You'll find them at 307, 25 South-Tixie highway just 20 minutes south of the 836.
Check them on the web, armstrongcars.com.
Drive a few miles extra and save thousands at Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5162.8X.
After don't rip.
Your Federal Emergency Management Agency of an epin and you name pieces of filthy white bush loyalist criminal crap.
This means to inform all victims of Katrina, we now care about you.
To show how much we value human life.
We now offer you...
The FEMA card.
Each FEMA card has a pretty term in spending limit of 300 to $2,000.
And you can withdraw the cash at any operable ATM if you can find one.
While Halliburton Upcars is $59 billion gift on the promise of rebuilding your city.
Your FEMA card will give you more loot to boot.
Each card will get a stamp with every purchase made.
Ten stamps will get you a free cup of coffee and stew goodness.
So what's in your wallet?
Get in line now.
All cards available on a first come first.
They're based on...
Wait a minute.
What was that?
Oh.
And we're not offering them anymore.
So if you can hear this, never mind.
Just float away.
Got a bulletin from Israel.
Okay.
They're feeding Shiro and intravenously chopped livers so we can't be that bad.
Yeah.
Well, of course they're...
I guess they're straining at first.
Or maybe he's straining.
I hope.
There's your president, man.
But a beep.
Put a bomb on the one here about it.
I don't want to hear him.
Okay.
Here's that stir.
I keep trending.
I keep teasing it.
I've been waiting.
In a sign of rising the sphere over the country's dwindling birth raid.
I thought that Tokyo was just teeming with people.
Right?
I thought that Japan had an overpopulation problem, didn't I?
That's what I thought.
Well, they don't.
They have a dwindling birth raid.
The Prime Minister of Japan has suggested that his people should take their kids.
They should take their kids.
They should take their kids.
They should take their kids.
They should take their kids.
They should take their kids.
They should take their kids.
They should take their kids.
They should take their kids.
They should take their kids.
They should take their kids.
They should take their kids.
They should take their kids.
They should take their kids.
They should take their kids.
They should take their kids.
They should take their kids.
They should take their kids.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
I thought that was only a Chinese thing.
Although Mr. Klee Zoomys
pushed through a string of difficult reforms in Japan
as they did in the rest of the birth issue was striking.
He has repeatedly been asked whether he has a strategy
and plays him repeatedly said he don't.
The arrival of Japan's first year
of natural population decline has been vaguely predicted,
but has actually come far sooner than expected.
Even the Prime Minister's jovial dog litter remarks
says political enlist have the clear ring of panic about them.
Oh, in the last session of 2005,
the Cabinet and Mount State gender equality initiative
that was widely interpreted as a last-ditch attempt
to stay off the country's looming demographic catastrophe.
The seemingly impossible plan was to design a great condition
in which the nation's women will both stay at home
to have more children and work harder.
They're working on it.
At its core, the new drive is a package of improvements
to working in addition to which it is hoped to remove
some of the obstacles preventing women from having larger families.
Mergers include the introduction to flexible working hours,
and he proposed that hundreds of shops
left vacant by the recession be converted into child care facilities.
But the scheme also attempts to address other
other sides of the demographic problem as the population contracts
so does the workforce with potentially dire economic effects.
The government's solution is to casual more women
to coming back to work after their child-bearing days are done,
moral bags, and he liked that.
About 70% of Japanese mothers don't return to work after childbirth.
Part of that pattern is cultural,
but much has to do with practical difficulties of returning to work.
Women find it nearly impossible to return to good jobs they've left
in order to have children.
This forces Japanese women to make a stark choice between career and maternity
and the current generation's increasingly interested in pursuing a career.
Now, let me ask you.
When I called you the other day yesterday,
was that Crystal or your daughter answered the phone?
One or the other, they sound nothing to me.
What do you mean? Who told you it was me on a phone?
I think it was Crystal.
And that's why I didn't talk to her.
Why? Why? Why? I don't want to start.
I don't want to get involved, you know?
I want to say like, hey, how are you doing, honey?
I want to do that.
I hear all these great things.
I want to get involved.
Just giving you words and that's it.
Nothing can be done about it.
Okay.
Oh yeah, I saw that movie last night.
Who is South Florida's all-time broadcasting legend?
Well, when we get to 1400, I'll read it.
We got 1394.
Wow, if I don't know now, we think that's a 1500.
You know what? If I give him a big push, right?
We can have made 1500 during the show.
Josh would be doing cartwheels right now, right in the dust or office.
What a thought that is.
Set line nine.
You know, like Greg would say, it's really intriguing that line nine
keeps ringing today more than ever.
QAAM, hello.
Yes, I'd like to talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Yes, hi.
I'm calling from Japan, actually.
I just heard your report.
You're calling from Japan?
Mushamujia.
Yeah, I think that's the dinner, right?
Wow.
Where in Japan?
Yeah, what city?
Kyoto.
What is it?
Kyoto.
Kyoto.
It's a cultural capital of Japan.
That's what they want to know about your own.
What do you get killed of?
They're probably poisoned in his monsoble, just like they did to a...
I...
I...
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
So how is it over there?
Yeah, I'm not too bad.
It's a little cold.
But I just wanted to tell you that.
That's what I had to have to have WDW2 as a Truman said.
I have to population got killed off.
But anyway.
Yeah.
So I was...
I wasn't sure if it was important.
I wanted to tell you a few things about it.
First of all.
Japan is a really big bar or culture.
They basically take parts of things and turn it into something Japanese.
So they...
They're Chinese Japanese, yeah.
Got to hope not.
And, yeah, so the zodiac thing, that's borrowed from the Chinese.
And...
In other words, there is no original Japanese culture.
It's all ripped off from the chinks.
Is that what you're saying?
A lot of it is, yeah.
That's actually the Chinese and the Americans, Germans.
And the other thing is that actually the young Japanese people are the same height as us.
Because now they're eating meat and they're drinking milk.
And so only the older ones are...
They're eating in all the fast food joints.
And probably I'll be dead in about six months.
You're not kidding.
It's because there's a lot of big problems.
The U.S. is doing really the best man no matter where you go in the world.
You can't get away from all the fast food joints anywhere, everywhere.
They are there.
And there is a McDonald's on every corner here.
Every corner here.
I'll be going.
What we sure love Mickey D's though.
And 7-Eveen.
Really?
I like...
It must be like Copenhagen, 7-Eveen's on every street corner in Copenhagen.
Whether it used to be Pornoshoffs, now there is 7-Eveen's.
Yeah, so I just wanted to check in and say hi man.
I'm really curious.
We are forever from Kilt-Off, maybe from Japan in general.
It's our first ever going to market down man.
What do we have to start the new year?
What are you doing there?
Do you work there?
Yeah, I'm actually an English conversation teacher.
I'm getting ready to transition into teaching at a Japanese elementary school, actually.
I'll be there.
Melissa, never great life, Pellie.
Hey man, thanks so much.
And listen to you about for about 15 years.
Alright, thanks.
Have a great...
I've been on one.
Yeah.
Hung...
Hung low.
How do you like that?
Yeah, in Copenhagen, they got a 7-Eveen on every street corner where there used to be all that...
...or that Pornos crap, you know.
I mean, who wants to see that?
Oh, I do remember one of the 7-Eveen's where I got a slice of pizza.
I was practicing to be a pizza burglar, but I actually paid for it.
Oh, for me!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh.
There is something about those great things, man.
They sure look good, but what's the use?
27 after 1 at 560 WQAM when you're shopping for shoes.
Here's a place you ought to head for right away.
Immediately, if not sooner, brandy shoes in Pompano Beach, where they got the unbeatable combination over there.
All the top brand names.
They got people to know how to fit you perfectly and they give you prices that nobody can come close to.
Brandy's carries the biggest selection anywhere, just about all the top brands.
You like them? They got them. Rockport, Echo, Forsheim, SAS, Mephisto, New Balance, all the other top names in the shoe binnest.
And the professional shoe fitters like I said, I'll make sure you have a customized fit or your favorite comfort shoe every time.
This as per Arnie, he'll take good care of you.
And Brandy's even specializing wide wits for those of you people out there with big wide fat ones.
Brandy's worth the trip from any place in South Florida to take really good care of them, tootsies.
For comfort style, fit value, win selection, always think brandy shoes at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach open daily, Monday through Friday till 9.
And every Sunday even until 5.
And this week is his due pendant time to buy S. Oh, by the way, speaking of Izzy, he was in, oh, who else he did work for?
Berkeley. He didn't work at Berkeley South. Boy did he ever trash her the other day.
And in a rate, huh? Maybe that's what happened. Right.
It's a great time this week to buy SAS at Brandy's. Take 20% off all great men's and women's styles.
And be sure to get into Brandy's this week or do your shoe shopping by sitting right on your ass there on the internet at BrandySews.com.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16 Q.A.S.
Either you're bastard.
Deep in the jungles of the Amazon. Live something so large, so amazing, so wasted.
It can't be held captive in a ziploc sandwich bag.
Cheach and Chong star in King Ball.
Hey, this is great.
Join the expedition team as they venture deep into the weeds to wrestle the hay from the cannabis dry.
Hey, hang on you guys. I'll be right back and bring it to New York City for distribution by Dave.
Dave's right here.
Hebert and Vopersay. Just to be blunt about it, King Ball is some killer.
Cheach and Chong star in King Ball.
Radio Finch is at least a quarterback and join every afternoon at you know it for 20.
Okay, man. Start it up.
Okay, we got big bullet in here. Radio bulletin.
Okay, nobody's going to care about this. I just reading radio records to see if there's anything about Greg Reed's exiting his GM and Joe Bell coming in.
Anyway, Joe Bell is a great guy and he loves us and he's going to talk to him next week and it's great.
But I will say this.
You know the old thing about how we get addicted to pain?
And if you like to have a painful, huh? No.
Oh yeah.
If you have like a painful shoulder or a spot and after a while you become, when the pain goes away,
if you're looking after it does, you're kind of miss it. You know what I'm saying?
Nope.
Oh.
Oh.
Cox Radio Miami OM Operations Manager Tony Fields has added day-to-day PD duties for the Cluster's Heritage Urban WEDR.
He takes duties previously held by C. Rick Hollywood, who's probably kin to 24, 24 Lauderdale, who exited late last year.
Not exciting? Anybody care about that? Nope.
No.
I just had a mention it.
Hey Mike.
Have another pop, Mike.
That Disney boy. He sure liked his booze.
And anyway, that's what Cheryl said.
How sure of doing? She called up to wish you a happy birthday and said,
That's the one that I love.
Good.
Good. I think we finally got rid of her.
I mean, she's probably moved on to bigger and better things.
Mary that rich too. I mean, whatever.
And anyway, I feel sorry for the kids.
How we got 14 evidence of votes on here, 1412, who is South Florida's all-time broadcasting legend.
I feel a little bit relieved because I think that if Izzy really had died from the operation,
that somebody would have called.
Wouldn't you think?
I would have met him.
And I looked at the orbits this morning.
I mean, I'm really concerned about that.
He was just sitting in my living room on Sunday and out there working his ass off on Monday.
And then of course, probably doing somebody else's job on the same day.
And that's probably what put him over the edge.
Too much.
Needed a little assistance out there, Izzy.
Trying to do too damn much.
A little cute tip.
Who is South Florida's all-time broadcasting legend?
1412 votes.
Nearogra 753.
Thank you so much.
Even if you don't mean it.
Ralph Rennick 186.
Skipper Chusnik 105.
Rich Shaw 82.
And Bishop 57.
Larry King 55.
Jim Mandes got 50.
The mad dog.
Mike Winner 38.
Bob Weaver 28.
Hank Goldberg 23.
Tony Cigaretto was stuck on Yine.
Craig Worthings 7.
Rick Weaver 5.
Arnie Warren 4.
Arnie just moved up a notch.
Ken Baldwin voted again.
By the way, what's the story with Ken?
I haven't heard his Ken doing updates today.
I don't know.
Oh, between five and seven.
I saw him earlier.
He's here.
Between four and seven.
All the best, Ken.
Happy New Year.
Give him a big hiss for me.
I miss Ken.
I miss too many other people there.
But I miss Ken.
He's a great guy.
He'll let me tell you Arnie Warren's stories, I'm sure.
Sunny Hersh III.
Viltanner II.
Alan Courtney II.
And one a piece for Big Wilson.
Sunny Fox and Don Cox.
Fox and Cox.
One a piece.
Five six seven O five 60 pound five 60
and a Verizon singular wireless line.
The MoMise you're coming along at two o'clock.
He'll give you the inside scoop.
He'll tell you he's going to win the big games this weekend.
Well, I know.
WDQ way in.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
Earlier today, you struck a nerve in me when you were talking
about the pastors and how they got the college games going on.
Isn't that pathetic?
Why is that?
The other night when I turned on the TV to steal the game,
I'm watching a college basketball game.
I'm why?
Oh, you know something that I know which game you're talking about.
That was the Buffalo game.
It was the Islander game.
Oh, the Islander game.
And I don't know.
What do you mean we had a college basketball game on this stage?
Well, that's what we got tomorrow.
Actually last Sunday when they played in Buffalo,
I'm trying to watch the game and it was blacked out on direct TV
because it was supposed to be broadcast locally
and the pastors didn't telecast it.
So until late in the third period when they finally put
the Buffalo telecast on it, the game was not.
I don't get it.
Two years in a row, every game was on.
Last year, before that, every game was televised.
Right.
And now are these tickets in choosing which games are going to televised
and which ones are not?
Yeah, I think they're cheaping it down as what they're doing.
That ain't right.
So tomorrow, if I want to watch that big game,
I got to go see the ranger's feed on a satellite.
Well, no, but this is not new with it.
What does this have to do with the telecast?
They're not telecasting tomorrow.
It's just one o'clock game.
Why don't they didn't telecast the ranger on the islander game?
No, they didn't.
No.
Well, that's right.
Well, I watched it on my package here with the islander telecast.
You're right.
Well, I call them up and bitch about, man.
I tried, but they didn't answer the phone.
Yeah, well, they probably cut that off too.
They're like to us.
Well, Alan Coney, you know, had that day at the track with Hank,
anybody to beat, but a boop, but a bop,
and they're going to make money this year.
Well, if you're going to make money, Alan,
like start being a little more fan-friendly, okay?
And then I read that I read actually that Dave Strader is going to be doing some of those Olympic games
and as a result that jugs McDonald is going to be rolling out of mothballs to do some Panther games on TV
while Strader is away, which I don't understand that because there's not going to be any in jail,
while the whatever day Strader is going to be doing.
Dave Strader is pretty good.
Not great.
Now what are the great broadcasts?
But he's good.
I'm sure that Josh likes his work.
Yeah, he's fantastic.
And then jugs McDonald let old, the toad, man.
He just said, you know, just enough already, you know, a hollow flame or all of that stuff
with your co-pilot glasses.
It's just don't go out like Keith Jackson, man, like a clown.
Go out on top or at least in the middle.
Not like a clown.
Well, he sure hated me like poison jugs.
You know, in the beginning, you liked me, and then when I started ripping him and asked,
very thin skin.
Plus, it's tired of you saying how good gold he is.
The gold he is not good.
I said that in the beginning when I hadn't heard him.
I heard like about 30 seconds, you know.
But third, man.
And then when I heard him calling the goals for the opposing teams like Anascar, you know,
like that.
Going to pull the other guy up for you again.
Huh?
Going to pull the other guy up for you.
I don't want to do that.
No, that's so, yeah, go ahead.
No, I don't want to hear it.
Don't do it.
Let's see what you really are.
You behind the veneer of being Mr. Anascar.
You really can be a bastard.
I think you got it from this show.
Yes.
I think you're being associated with this program.
Me and Joe.
I blame you.
Well, well, okay, fine.
And I'll take full credit for it.
We don't want you to be an Anascar.
Anis is boring.
There are a lot of nice people in business.
Look what it got them.
They're probably working on stations that nobody even knows the call letters of.
And he's not even an Anis guy either, Mr. Rigo.
He's an idiot.
But when I throw a last-year about his, you know, can become like a born-again Christian
and adopting 16 black children and all the homophobic right-wing, abortion-hugging,
free-dishugging, all that stuff, he just couldn't believe it.
Nice talking to Blaboy yesterday.
It was good.
It was a nice time either that.
You know, somebody who actually understands the business and got out of it, even though
as current circumstances could be a hell of a lot better.
But nevertheless, you know, he's keeping his chin up.
I like that.
You know what I'm saying?
What he says?
I'm saying he sounds for all the problems he's got and been through physically.
He's a pretty decent frame of mind.
Always doing that.
Always doing that along with Karen's.
Karen's pushes it up the wall.
Hugs her on the right side.
Takes a shot to flick it on Gold by York, LaWongo, the pad saved.
They throw it out in front again and LaWongo's slid over to make the stop.
Loose now in the circle.
Another shot.
I'm gonna say by Roberto and he gloved this one out.
Hang on with Teno, two to go in the second.
LaWongo comes up big.
No, what's wrong with that?
That was a good one.
That was excellent.
No, he's capable of being good.
He just needs a little assistance.
You need some of his steerman in the right direction about not being sounded like a spoiled child when the team is losing or they lose
on one of those late goals like they usually do and whatever.
And she just when we thought they had turned it around again and they went on a road and they just, even as good as they were playing,
they go on a road and all of a sudden they start tanking it.
I don't know what that's all about.
Maybe they like that home cooking.
You think?
Who the hell knows?
U.S. Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, no relation to Greg, called for the resignation of Homeland Security Department Secretary,
Mickey Chudoff on Wednesday.
And they answered the government dropped Las Vegas from a list of cities.
This goes to show you how ridiculous it is.
What was the number one target beside New York and Washington?
What was the number one target they were screaming about for since 2001, since 9-11?
I don't know the states.
Vegas.
Oh yeah.
And the 9-11 terrorists, they spent time in Vegas and there were rumors, they had intercepted rumors of a planned attack in Vegas on the 4th of July or whatever.
That never materialized, but nevertheless.
And now they've dropped them from the list.
Considered potential high risk targets eligible for a special anti-terrorism grants and the people in Vegas are foaming at the mouth.
And rightfully so.
Reid of Nevada joins Park County Sheriff Bill Young and calling for Chudoff to step down as a result of the decision jeopardizing millions of additional federal funding,
then Nevada currently receives as a result of being considered a potential terrorist target.
Anyone who can't see that Las Vegas is a high risk area doesn't deserve to serve in a position like that Reid sending happens to be.
Absolutely correct.
We had more visitors on New Year's Eve than they had in Times Square and we're not a high risk area for heaven's sakes, he said.
For Pete's sakes, Jesus, freaking Christ.
Las Vegas and 10 other cities previously categorized as high threat fell behind 35 areas.
It's eligible this year for special grants earmarked by the Department of Homeland and Security.
And it goes on about a bit of boot put them up on Tuesday.
Young called Chudoff impossible deal with regarding the needs of a major tourist destination.
One advice to your plate, hostedly 40 median visitors.
And that's because they got those evil one eye bandits.
They got the slosh.
They got the gambling, baby.
You talk about being in a dark age, you don't wonder 72% of people on out of Florida.
Now what are we doing on these last two embarrassing breaks here?
We're actually doing a one minute break.
Well, you know, I filled it with another spot.
Oh, you're not going to play that risk or montaespot again, are you?
Well, yeah, probably.
Oh.
141 a QIM.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 560 QA.
Back in.
Oh.
We got the money from a daddy.
And as I said, my little daddy.
Yeah.
Oh, with the agenda that's grabbed me.
Oh, well, he's a teller.
Happy night.
Come on, they're failing.
Well, he's a president.
No, no, no.
Who doesn't have to run.
How one else is on a wedding?
I just want to just move right in.
She's hired.
She hired.
She hired.
She hired.
She hired.
He has a golden spoon.
He was born with up his ass.
So look out on you, Jews.
Get ready for the dad.
He's a teller.
Happy dad's seen.
Oh, he'll give our people rights to Wanny.
Oh, I need to tell a happy dad.
He's a love of FLA.
Wanny is a very, well-led Jew.
With very, very bad disputes.
Who never paid a Jew.
By the skin we'll all be screwed.
She hired.
She hired.
She hired.
Any smart food in that race?
Against buddy, but hey, why do you think they call it?
Cuba.
Victoria, land in race.
He's a teller, how's the nasty?
Oh, he'll make the cake a cake.
Happy.
Oh, daddy's a teller.
Happy dad's seen.
Don't move, daddy's a teller.
Hey, baby.
You're a bad, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid.
Oh, but he's wildly popular.
You're a bad ass, come at him.
Hey, baby, we can actually have a Christian wrestling
and league in Florida.
You sure they're really good?
What an ass, come at him.
We got Christian prisons.
We got Christian, maybe we have Christian slot machines.
That's a good idea.
Yeah.
You know, you pull a handle or you're hit the button
and it goes, oh Jesus Christ, do you want to get in?
Jesus Christ.
Yeah.
Jesus Christ.
Like that.
Just like that.
Speaking of that, singer Barry Gibb.
Oh, let's do some more BG's music.
Come on right up.
Oh, I get what do you mean?
I get all my, didn't I buy a whole bunch of BG stuff
that time?
Yeah, dude.
Why didn't I do that?
Oh, I was inspired because I saw the biography thing
in the BG's.
That's how does that?
I got a sentence to what I see.
I could barely hear it.
Legendary BG singer Barry Gibb would call South Florida home long
before Lysa Madonna and Stallone has found a new heaven on earth.
Blame it on Katrina, Rita and Wilma.
Gibb who turned 60 on Monday.
Oh, happy birthday Barry.
And his wife Linda, residents of Miami Beach,
his posh North Bay Roads in 77,
had purchased the rustic Tennessee home,
see even their bailin' out.
Where the late singer Johnny Cash is wife June Carter lived for 35 years.
June Carter Cash.
More significantly, Gibb's also just sold his middle east
middle of Middle East.
Middle-earth studio at the foot of the Venetian Causeway,
the male cow where he produced Barbara Streisand's guilty album,
Mensuyotovie, is the oldest BG brother taking flight.
According to his public system close friend, the answer is,
No.
Very low stuff for the spokesman Paul Bloxin.
He's just gonna split his time between both places,
but we don't know what the time is for a little bit.
Probably like me, you know.
I spend about, what, 15 days here in Florida
and the other 350 someplace else.
The close friend who now want to be identified
as if Gibb had a rough hurricane season,
that was looking for another place to hang his hat
if only during the threat of storms.
Why can't imagine anyone who, well, of course,
threat of storms is like made early in the November, right?
Right.
Well, like I said.
Cash fans, and those who saw the recent hit movie
I Walked The Line, know the old Hickory Lake Home
outside Nashville, is where Carter Cash fan went
to write men broken hearts.
The old Hickory Lake home.
Remember all Hickory?
I do.
Our son, president.
He's still walking that line.
He's walking a fine line between some variety and,
uh, in coherence, but nevertheless,
that's good enough aerial charotas, good enough for the old Johnny
Cash.
And it goes, um, um, but it beat, but it will, it will, it will.
It will, it will.
Yeah.
I keep the close watch on the third.
The 3880 square foot home on the 4.6 acre property
was sold for, I'm just going to slow it down.
A lawyer for the Cash family said,
now it's been on the market for 2.9 minutes,
and then reduced to a real bargain, 2.5 million.
What a, what a steal.
Cash and Carter died within months of each other in 2003.
The same year as 53-year-old Maurice Gibb.
How do you like that?
Now, what's the name of that bit?
Please.
Oh, uh, impacted part.
Yeah, impacted.
Oh, very good.
And there's no fart sound.
I don't even see it.
Wow.
Maybe Joe Gibb, or Joe, uh, or whatever thing.
Is Joe Blas, would give us our fart sounds back.
What do you think?
Oh, my name was Blas.
I was standing there one day.
Not thinking I would die.
From being able to make do do do.
I should never eat things.
Oh, no.
A big, natural sweet trap is tied.
My bowels.
I'm a little, little, little, little.
How can you die from impacted parts?
You're the least but your doctor's in.
Now, my heart stops.
You shrugged inside my, or my intestines out.
I guess I should have known what to expect, living in Miami.
With the kind of service you can understand.
I would act in name too.
Wow.
Yes, I'd even eat that crap.
I swallow.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Why can't you let me so do you come out?
Why can't you lose us, get it right?
My bowels look like, inside my hearty.
Can't make my head go out.
It's good, bad, it's good, bad.
It's good, bad, it's good, bad, it's good, bad, it's good, bad, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Well, there you are.
I won't hear him no more.
I never teach you to go to Mount Sinai.
I'll tell you that right now.
That's too bad.
I'm just finishing off sending a story about my Molly Ivans.
Here's the facts from Joey.
Now, is the guy from Japan really saying Kyoto?
Saying Kyoto.
Is that what he was saying?
Yes.
Oh, well, how come he didn't tell me that?
He said Kyoto.
I thought he was saying Kyloba.
Kyl, Kyl, then he said Kyloba.
No, I wasn't a Kyoto.
Trust me.
It was Kylpa over there or something.
It says, when Moly, do you think the mobs will be greater?
Will they go away?
Well, they're never going to go away.
And who says Mo is leaving, huh?
I wouldn't be surprised.
That Mo was in with Joe right now getting their Mojo streamed out.
Also, the New Japan city was in Kyoto and love you a long time.
We had about 30,000.
About 30,000.
Thank you, Joey.
Thanks a lot, Joey.
Thanks for the memories.
So let's see.
The BG's very good as well as Tennessee.
He wants out.
Everybody wants out.
I also want to remind you of a very public service
which we've very seldom moved.
Something actually useful from this show.
Which I had Jonathan told me about this, but I forgot all about it.
And he probably will too.
Your two cents will cover a new stamp rate.
Height that starts on Sunday.
Did you remember that?
Nope.
Well, there you go.
Thanks for the money.
Starting Sunday, posted joins the long list of things that will cost you more in the new year.
The price to mail a first price.
The stamp here is 50 cents.
And it's going to 51 pretty soon, right before the end of the month.
Fitty.
See, so that guy was in Oakville.
Oh, by the way, there was a shooting at Oakville.
There was a story about something at the Oakville mall.
I thought it would have really loved it.
Shooting at Oakville, although it was only in the kneecap.
And it's so expensive here in a price of gas.
You know what, there's all this violence and crime in Mayhem.
The price to mail a first price letter bumps up to 39 cents.
And two cents increased from the 37.
It's been the price since June 2002.
It just came.
I, to show you how well I am.
And this will really shock the living day like I saw to you.
When I was a kid, it was three cents to mail letter.
How do I sound like an old foggy or what?
Well, a little bit.
Oh, here's one that says, why not Bob Soaper for the poll?
Yeah, put old Bob O'Hannan, we like Soaper a lot.
He's a good guy.
I never saw a freight train.
He did feel like, God, I would nevertheless, hey, what?
He had a good one.
He likes Soaper a lot.
That's what we do.
Not knocking him while he's the guys down.
Postal officials say the price hike to cover the rising fuel cost
and the budget $3.1 billion to deal with the problem
in the postal services retirement fund.
Oh, boy.
What are my old friend Rick, the mailman is doing.
Well, we were just about to turn you off.
Okay, Rick.
Remember that?
Yes, like, dude.
We were reaching for the dial and all of a sudden our flight is in our arm.
We couldn't quite reach for the get to the dial.
Well, I remember what that was all about.
He's okay, though.
Every time I'm home for those two to five minutes,
I always seem to pass him in that little mail truck.
I always gives me a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
I always give him a wave.
