The music platform preview programs are those of the host guests and collars.
See a Buffalo Gelling.
The music broadcast group.
Gelling.
Analyzer for agencies.
Sports Act Radio.
WQL.
Yes, that's so s**t.
You, I'll be McDonald's baby.
Now, I traveled back from the future.
You did my Sam some time machine to tell you how to leave my mama alone.
She may have stole me away from my daddy, but she don't be taking good care of me for the last 30 years.
I got this here, solid gold, dagmar, brought a fruit.
And don't you be making fun of the plates in my lips.
I got me two separate ones because I Jewish too.
Now you listen to me.
I had it up the peak with your old saying, West is spoiled and why it's 11 is.
And God, no business raising a child.
Oh, he's your 11th W.
He's still the end of February of Fet.
Now he may be old, but the stem cell treatments keep his old ass alive.
And be given stem cells, Russ, he don't die as hopeless.
Too many tricks to the dominect republic.
Come on, man, let's get going.
And now I've finished here.
That's a young bell.
The nation is pregnant, baby.
You have to tell him that.
Okay.
Let's go.
I got to get mom's medication or alcohol or the smell of it.
I hate being around your mom.
That's that.
It smells like lucatino.
Well, she liked that macaroni and cheese.
Okay, let me tell you something.
You know, listen to what I'm saying now.
See, in about 30 years, El Cabo, Cabo.
I bet she smells like hell again, right?
I'm saying whatever hell smells like.
I bet you that's what went down.
It smells like.
You just tell me, looking at her.
That's pretty accurate.
Yeah.
Don't tell me George is out for a third episode.
Yeah, well, obviously the bathroom's open now.
Oh, that's right.
He said that he was sitting normally.
I'll be damned.
Well, anyway, George has got some bowel issues this morning.
Not that we have to tell you that, but of course it's more fun to do that.
We'd like to share with the audience.
In fact, maybe George will bring you a sack right to your house.
Say, hey, take a look at this.
See how you think I'm doing.
Anyways, 1003.
That was sure a real fly open.
You're hearing Geldie there on the morning show this morning.
In fact, every time I heard a little bit of it, he was on it.
What was that all about?
Maybe they're trying to resurrect that show again.
Maybe it's the worst team.
What do you think?
Huh?
I said, what the hell was Geldie doing?
So, how was it open in there?
Well, it must have really smelled bad in that joint this morning.
Did they have the crowd that you were reporting before?
Oh, and there, yeah.
It was brutal.
I thought you made it into the studio.
Woo!
Bomb attacks on Baghdad.
Markets kill 16.
I don't know.
I feel like a little bit of a left hand.
I knew this.
This is like, you know, after having sex, you know?
No.
Yeah, it is.
I mean, the election's over and the excellent results in all of this and Democrats won a house
and the Senate and Bush is fired to Rumsfeld and all this other stuff and they're eating
crow with little mustard on it.
And now, what?
You know, now we've got to live where I've won limbo.
Mm-hmm.
Bomb attacks on markets in the predominantly Shia neighborhoods of Baghdad killed at least 16 people among
38 Iraqis killed or found dead across the country today.
And the latest outbreak of sectarian violence.
Only 38.
Wow, that's great.
This is just a, it's just astonishing.
Seven of those were killed when a car bomb detonated outside Chomsen, Northern Baghdad's
Cahira district.
As new-time shoppers were gathering.
Twenty-seven others were injured.
Seven cars were destroyed.
Around that same time a suicide bomber that says here, suicide boomer.
Maybe he's like a baby boomer, suicide bomber.
So they're like kind of combined, combined at all in a one-like expression.
A suicide boomer.
Ploughed his explosives very vehicular to the crowds gathered in Mission Commercial Complex for
spare parts in Baghdad's a downtown carade the district.
At least now we're killed 27 wounded in that attack.
And it just goes on and on and on and on.
So now the ball is in the Democrats' courts in their hands.
And where are the answers?
That's the question.
They got any answers?
What do you think?
No.
But a boop.
Now here's something I'm going to pass along that you ought to be listening to very, very closely.
Because we don't want any dead listeners.
We can't afford to be losing any of you guys.
A major manufacturer of store.
Well, I won't see we don't want any dead listeners.
There are probably a few people listening to that we just assume.
But I'm generally speaking.
A major manufacturer of store brand of Cedar Manifin recalled 11 million bottles of the pain-relieving pills today after discovering that some are contended with metal fragments.
Oh my God.
There were no immediate reports of injuries or illness or ripped kishis yet.
But Perigo Company said to discover the metal bits during quality control checks.
I never heard of that company.
P-E-R-R-I-G-O.
Perigo.
No.
The recall affects bottles containing various amounts of 500 milligram capelets.
Perigo builds itself as the world's largest manufacturer of store brand non-prescription drugs.
The elegant Michigan company didn't disclose the chains for which it manufactures the store brand of Cedar Manifin.
However, Walmart stores, CVS, Walgreens and Costco wholesale are among the companies it supplies with healthcare products according to the SEC filings.
So, if they're... and again, it's like a store brand non-prescription painkiller.
Yeah.
Well, that's not very helpful in telling us what... you know, in some other words, like Walgreens has its own store brand of vitamins.
Yeah, all these places do.
So I'm just passing that along.
I'm going to put it over here on the side and we'll read it again in like 50 or 100 times just to make sure you don't want to burp in your guts out.
Right.
Well, I'm glad I'm stocked up.
You stocked up on painkillers?
Yes, I am.
Well, what about the aspirin anyway?
Asperin.
Mm-hmm.
Well, that's painful, man.
Which of these you care about most?
We had 1773 votes in a poll yesterday.
Well, why didn't you put your family or your children or your dog?
Because we didn't feel like it. That's why.
Because it didn't... that would be, you know, too obvious.
It wouldn't make the point that we were trying to make.
What was the point we were trying to make?
I forget.
To get a poll on that day.
That's right. To find some crap to put on there and say, hey, here's another poll.
We didn't do this one before.
In fact, we can do that poll every day.
Which of these you care about most and just put like six different things on there, you know,
like the weather, your ass, your mama?
Anyway, which you care about most?
My income is 779.
But this is a money grab in my crowd.
They ought to have a take a page from your guy's book.
You guys don't care most about money because you don't have any.
Right.
Like that.
So, by the way, did not win the Canadian in the 649 L last night.
There were four winners.
Each one just under 10 million.
It was almost 40 million total pot.
And if I would have been, you see, I'd have been pissed off.
I mean, I would have been very happy to take the 10 million.
Don't get me wrong.
I sure wouldn't be here today.
I've been taking several days off, like for years.
But if you're expecting to win 40 million, I mean, I could, you know, like if there were two,
okay, two winners.
So 20 million a piece.
20 million tax free isn't a bad number.
Even Canadian funds, right?
Right.
But you're expecting, oh, yeah, I think I just won a 40 million.
And then you find out a couple hours later that there's like three other winners.
And you're going to like a little under 10 million.
I throw it back.
Sure. I don't want it now.
I throw it back like a fish.
That's too small.
Here, take it back, stick it.
Anyway, my income is 779.
It's 44 percent, almost half.
My sex life is 360.
My health is 285.
I hate this full.
It's just 122.
A mere 6.8 percent.
Politics is Chris Matthews would say politics is 69.
He's just, he and always the hell out of me.
I don't know about you, but I just dislike him intense.
Chris Matthews?
Yes.
Yeah.
It bugs me.
Politics is 69.
The National Football League 65.
My faith 58.
The NFL even transcends this.
He then crowds faith.
What does that tell you?
The National Football League.
Don't forget the dolphins host Kansas City this week and then they'll show you the true colors.
Are they?
Kansas City's not really that good anyway.
Are they judged?
They're like, they're in and out.
They're pretty good, buddy.
Well, like, skew is made.
I thought that what's the quarterback that he was pointing to the points on the dolphins?
Trent, the green is net the quarterback?
Well, now it's Damon Heward.
You can go ask him.
Damon Heward from Notre Dame?
I don't know about that.
Am I thinking of John Heward from 80 years ago?
See there, I go with that old stuff again.
I don't know.
My faith 58.
In Iraq, only 35.
Iraq is at the bottom of the pile.
They're just, they're burnt out on Iraq.
You know, a lot of dead people, a lot of insanity, a lot of lies.
35 is all they got on Iraq.
That's why we got all of them soldiers still over there.
It is because not enough of you people are pissed off and fired up about Iraq.
I'll tell you somebody who's pissed off and fired up about it in the rest of the game.
That's Cindy Sheehan.
Well, as she can't catch a break that poor lady, you go, girl.
Activist Cindy Sheehan was arrested yesterday as she led about 50 protesters to a White House gate
to deliver anti-war petition she said were signed by 80,000 Americans, the birthday California woman,
whose son was killed in Iraq more than two years ago, was arrested along with three other women on the sidewalk outside the White House gate,
said Lieutenant Scott Fear, a U.S. park police spokesman.
The only thing we have to fear is Scott.
They were charged with interfering with the government function.
He said the function at the junction.
Before she was arrested, she joined the protesters and hailing the outcome of the elections and chanting,
stop the war outside the gate.
Stop the war.
Stop the war.
What do we want?
It was taking too long for them to decide whether to accept or not.
So we just delivered them to them and said she waited about 15 minutes with other protesters before tossing the petitions over the fence.
Oh, you can't be doing that.
Don't be tossing over the fence.
The petitions opposed you some military force to resolve the dispute over Iran's nuclear program.
She and 49 other grieving families met with Bush about two months after her son died before we forced a faulty people or intelligence surface to cause her to speak out.
She's tried repeatedly to speak with the president again, including that 26-day vigilist year outside Bush's ranch in Crawford, Texas.
You know Crawford, Texas?
You know that clan that hangs out there that clan with the Kay.
Wednesday's protest came as your Republicans lost control of the House and the White House and the Senate and the White House announced resignation of Air Monk during Rumsfeld.
He's being offered as a sacrificial lamb, she and said, big fat lamb if he asked me.
Oh, I thought he was a Rumsfeld.
Fat pony lamb, but nevertheless, she's got a good point.
When you go, you keep hanging it, honey.
You keep hanging in there.
She's got a big pair.
I'll tell you who else has got a big pair that the bull-dike counter shall alien with the U.M.
She's apologizing again.
You see that?
She's apologizing for the U.M. fans' behavior.
Why don't they just stop at that whole wall of university?
Shut it down.
Shut that baby down.
Not just the football program.
Shut the whole campus down.
Stop at all the pre-tension, serving an institute of any kind of learning much was higher.
George says the only kind of higher is when he drops off some goods.
Sorry?
I'm just tired of that whole thing.
The whole deal over there.
Just the mix being nauseous.
988 votes on today's pool.
How satisfied are you with the election results?
Another election poll, Jesus, Kate Christ.
When are you going to get over that?
What I'm good and ready?
How's that?
What I'm ready?
You know, we got to like bask in the sunshine and the glory of it, man.
Is that what they say?
After you win an election, you're back in the glory of it for a little while.
Baskin' Rodin.
You're looking for glory holes.
988 votes already.
That means by the time we come back from the break, we're going to be over 1,000 already.
Aren't you pleased as punch?
I'm ecstatic 315.
I'm happy 295.
I'm squeezing myself 232.
I still don't care 74.
Not happy 47.
Suicidal 16.
Oh, don't let us stop you, okay?
Have a good time.
And I hit this poll only 9.
So let me maintain a way of it.
0.9%.
The biggest name.
So best talent for the business.
What a good idea on it today for a price of 16.
What do you aim at?
They're hopping in the time machine.
What's come on and gain?
No, here's the golden vector from WQKM.
Right now.
Coming listen to a story about a preacher named Ted, the cues got taken
that then have engaged sex.
And just when you thought he was a super-registered, out came some stories that sounded pretty crude.
Bad things, that is.
Gay escort.
Sorting death.
Well, the first thing you know, old Ted's a hypocrite.
Then and gay love.
Well, he was loving it.
He said big forgiveness and dropped to you knees.
Then Christ, they ascend and ignore your hypocrisy.
It's a 1018 at 5.50.
So Joe Bell and the, what's his name, George?
Gorgelle.
Gorgelle.
Gorgelle.
Gorgelle.
Gorgelle.
Gorgelle.
Gorgelle.
Gorgelle.
I know that they're trying to kill off that show.
And doing a hell of a job of guess me.
Why in God's name?
And you say, well, it's hockey season, isn't it?
Yeah, that's the point.
That's exactly the point.
Nobody cares in South Florida about the Panthers, about hockey in general.
They wouldn't have, they couldn't name you like five players on the team if you stuck a gun up there.
Don't butt.
Ask.
But ask.
So, you know, I just, you know, again, I'm just thinking out loud.
It's not my purview.
It's not for me to say, remember, Johnny Mantris, the African Queen.
It's not for me to say, I bet you don't have that.
Let's see.
And Columbia Records, baby, it's not for me to say,
Chance is our, Johnny Mantris, the African Queen.
But nevertheless, she could really belt out 18th of an ounce of sound after all.
I got to have that.
What is it?
I don't have to solve your target about it, unfortunately.
I don't know what this is.
We got a thousand twenty people to the pool.
And here's Miss Mantris right now.
I must be drooling.
Yeah, get her off my show.
Put her around with Yoldie and Zahin.
In the wake of last month's UNFIU brawl, another embarrassing situation writes
Barry Jack, as at the Orange Bowl, has prompted another apology from
U of N president that diked Donish Laley.
Quaterback Kyle writes father Ken, said Laley called the Monday to apologize after he was
subjected to obscenity-leased insults directed toward Kyle and other players after Saturday's
lost of Virginia Tech.
Kyle revealed yesterday that fans actually spat on many players as they walked through
the end zone, tunnel acted again, which right said was prompted as father to yell at
the perpetrators, Kyle said he wasn't spat on.
How do you like that?
They were spitting on their own players because they had the audacity to lose another game.
You see, what did I tell you about that whole UN program?
And it is the biggest bunch of derelicts and slime balls in the history of Ken's skull
scum without UN.
Bag.
No matter what happens on the field, I don't think that Warren's fans spitting on your
cowl writes it, getting spit on having recruits having beer spilled on them is not acceptable.
I think true Keynes fans will absolutely agree.
Of course, we know how many true Keynes fans there really are.
Fuck third, man.
Ken writes, speaking from his California home yesterday, said she'll lately called him an
express to read red and apologize for the actions of a small percentage of Miami fans, real
A-holes.
He added he was disappointed in the Orange Bull Security business.
Didn't this necessarily like how you am handled the incident?
Orange Bull State, he managed your Greg Wright, said yesterday he was unaware of anything
happened.
Greg Wright, he was probably busy driving at Western Fair, Greg Wright Jr.
Who sure works better than the old man.
I'm not going to stand for it, Ken Wright, set out of Outerline fans.
I don't go there to protect my son.
I've been to many, many college games.
I've never seen or heard anything like that.
Well, I guess he's never been to the old B before then.
It's a toilet.
And what are you doing?
A toilet is spitting it, right?
Well, that's what he goes on.
But hanging over a rail spewing of Senates of kids pouring beer and spitting on them when
their family is there.
I'll quote President Chalayla, he said it's not acceptable.
It's unacceptable.
Said Senator Anthony Walsh, lawyer.
It's disheartening to see some of your home fans doing that for the most part, they're good
fans, but a few bad apples spoil the bunch.
A few bad apples, my ass.
The fans who yell go back to California, miss with the Senates don't even deserve to be
committed on Cal writes it.
How do you like that?
More crap at UM.
I'm counting that.
I'll shut that baby down.
Shut it down right now.
I can beat voice.
Remember, shut it down.
Shut down.
Is that the name of the song?
Shut it down or shut down?
Shut it down.
Shut down.
See, I'm still in for it.
So I'm Capitol Records, beat boys.
Shut it down.
Shut it down.
Nice job, Chalayla.
You never know.
Shut down.
Shut down is a...
I know what it's called.
Just just relax.
I know my beats boys craft, mister.
You're talking to a beat boys expert in spite of the fact that you want to get to that whole
Marvin Gay thing again.
Now that we got...
Now that we got Ben Harper, who'd help me to get Marvin's gay anyway.
That's right.
He's a bad guy.
He won't see him no more.
That's right, who needs Marvin Gaye.
Anyhow, that we got Ben Harper around.
Anyway, here's their added again and we're passing this along as another public service
to your close personal friends at QAM.
I'm going to fart so loud here in a second that it's going to blow the whole window out.
Oh, that's right.
We're going to turn around.
Too late.
Too late.
I very didn't the seat.
I very...
Who better is no charcoal in the seat?
Like kind of plain.
Chalayla, don't we say.
A ripper from the Grim, ripper.
Grim, ripper.
B.S.O. deputies will conduct DUI saturation patrols tomorrow, Friday, November 10th.
I don't say we didn't warn you from approximately 8.30 at night till 5am in the following morning,
Saturday morning.
In the areas of Dearfield Beach, Pompedo Beach in Oakland Park, and then on Saturday, November 11th,
from approximately 8.30pm to 5am in the following morning, areas of unaccompanied central
brow, county Pompedo Beach and Oakland Park.
Impaired drivers will be identified and DUI laws will be actively enforced.
This information is published and compliance with a Supreme Court ruling mandate.
The Empire announcement is selective enforcement activities.
Got it?
Tonight?
I mean, tomorrow night and then Friday night.
Saturday, whatever it is.
8.30 at night till 5am.
I'll put that over here in my pile and read it 50 million times.
We have 754 friends on our Myspace page.
Well, I'm proud of that.
And Josh is, that's a miracle.
Josh gave me some very enlightening and encouraging news this morning.
Can we put that on the ear?
Would that be bad for the sports people?
Why not?
What's wrong with that?
Josh said that there's a big spike in listenership.
I know a lot of people listen online on the orange.com, which of course is a why not.
But evidently, there are many many, well, what about 10?
There's a big spike.
There's a big spike in there.
He didn't want it to give me a number because it would be embarrassing compared to how many listeners on the oranges.com.
But nevertheless, on QM.com, there's a lot of big spike in midday.
So even though it's a sports station and a sports website, how do you like that, Clare?
Let's put that in your pipe and smoke it.
You little quizzling, you little simple, then.
You fair.
Yeah.
So anyway, what led me to that?
What did I mention that?
Oh, the fact that I got that 754 on my friends.
My space, my space friends.
We had a lot of space friends.
1940 votes on the pool.
How do you like that, Mr. Robert?
Because of course, that's because George Estadied did not screw up.
And he thought he'd better, he'd better do that again.
He changed that pool religiously, man.
Like it was something important.
Like I really cared about it.
What about it?
So I thought it was a self-reduced.
I do three grand on the line of woodbind, which I did not.
But I got most of my money back.
Left there almost even yesterday.
It's pretty good.
Not too bad.
Didn't win a lot or less.
Now I'm pretty, I'm down to the dumps about that.
Well, that would have been nice to win.
Of course, if I had a one, there would have been five winners.
Only about a little over eight million apiece.
Who the hell wants a lousy eight million, huh?
I'd have been gone so fast.
You can tell Joe that by the way, that I do play the lotto twice a week here, the 649.
I also tell him he can divest himself of these fantasies he's having about my stopping and visiting the station.
And next time I'll down it.
Forget about it, Joe.
In the words of a very, very famous philosopher.
But God about it.
Right.
Russian authorities have refused to license the Borat comedy film that's taking you as box office by storm.
And George says it's just as funny as getting hit in the head with an apple pie.
Maybe even more so.
By storm, over fear would offend audiences here at the Moscow Times.
Data reported meaning here, meaning there.
The film contains material that some viewers may consider offensive to certain nationalities and religions.
The paper quoted you.
Yeah, all you're e.
Veushkoff had a agency that licenses films for theater distribution in the Russian whatever in Russia.
If the band is upheld the movie Borat Cultural Leaning of America to make for make benefit glories nation of Kazakhstan.
Would be one of the first non-photographic films band in Russia since the break up of the Soviet Union.
The films during English, comedian Sasha Burin Cohen is about a fictional misogynistic white-feeding Kazakh journalist who depicts Kazakhstan as a country.
I think Nick Antropov of the Leafs is from Kazakhstan.
Who depicts Kazakhstan as a country where people are addicted to horse urine and are found to rape incest and shooting dogs.
They were doing okay to get to the dog part.
The movie had been scheduled to open in 300 theaters nation-might in Russia on November 30th.
About 30 men.
And the distributed 20th century Fox and Russia can still appeal against the federal culture and cinematography agencies.
Refuel the grant the license.
How do you like that? A bunch of uptight Ruskies.
I bet you Josh is a girlfriend.
Is Russian girlfriend not too happy about that either?
I'll have to talk to her about it.
Now have you seen the movie Edward what?
No, I'm dying to see it.
Well, if you don't, you will be.
And I'm really very about to apologize publicly to George for the fact that Amazon.com is so slow.
Because if you would have just reminded me you should order the extra.
You'd have it already. You'd have it now.
It's all right.
You would have already seen it two or three times there.
Those sweat.
Match point. Don't even worry about it.
Starring Jonathan Reese Myers and of course the lovely whatever name is. Scarlet Johansson.
I'll just savor the moments.
I guarantee you will.
1027, a Q&A. What's that schedule look like?
It looks like the Mad Dog at 2. The power hour with Hank and the Mad Dog together.
If we can squeeze in both in the studio, Humper 5 to 7 solo.
Panthers lost in the shootout last night.
I saw that.
Not too good.
7 o'clock we got Hurricane Hotline at Gameworks at the shops in sunset place.
College tailgate presented by FedEx Orange Bowl 9 to 10.
Wow.
And then it decay at 10 tonight.
The biggest building.
The way that I'm going to show.
How the popping was going with your time.
The way that sound like the play.
But.
Welcome.
Galby.
Galby.
Talking on a sports show.
Trying to be my show.
Your voice sounds just like a sad thing here old girl.
A little sports host.
Absolutely.
What else are you there?
No. Galby.
Galby.
Talking like a baby.
We need a little draining.
Like that you understand.
You don't sound like a man.
We move the rubber bands.
That joke.
Your throat's not perfect.
Galby.
Galby.
Galby.
Your lucky management of hair.
Cause Galby.
You don't belong there on the air.
And Galby.
The sports can wait till your voice cracks.
Cause anyone who sounds like that should find another job.
And they should only chase you back when both your baby's dropped.
Galby.
Galby.
You make that you want to throw up.
You silly, squeaky, boo.
Go to broadcasting school.
Your fridge, you bastard.
Voice makes you sound like the fuss.
Your heart.
Your heart.
Your heart.
Galby.
You was on the morning show.
Much too long as we were.
I don't have a idea when he came in there.
What was all about him?
Must be another clearance man did a thing.
Because we were told by a little bird on the wall yesterday.
The clearance is the one pulling all the strings out of the morning show.
Which is why they had a point nine in September.
You better have a little chat with Kenny Walker again and tell him if he wants any chances to succeed in there.
He better butch up a lot.
You know what I mean?
He better come in with an oozy.
What other Monday?
I said what I had to say about it.
And he, well he can't do nothing anyway.
I mean, no point me talking to him anymore.
Well look, he's a good guy and he's got a wife and a family.
And apparently he's the 4thâ€“ esimerkikow, you ought to like go in there, and say, listen.
Listen to me.
It's all of that vote camper, that big toad.
And certainly they'll listen to clearance,
that little weezelict sports nerd who sits home sniffing Christopher Strap vonhoewitt all night.
God.
Democratic Iowa Governor Tom Willseck is expected to officially launch their 2008 presidential campaign today
by finding documents with the fec, the federal election's commission?
Tom Willseck, what do you think he's got a chat?
Hahaha.
Has the decision come down after months of speculation,
and he would run?
and two days after his fellow number one,
crant score those overwhelming victories in state and national elections.
Bill Sack is the first Democrat to make a formal declaration for the presidency, although
a number of veteran-owned candidates are presumed to be running.
We can only pray, thanks God.
Likewise, Republican Duncan-Hunterware, California is the only announced candidate on the Republican
side.
There you go.
Duncan-Hunterware against Tom Bill Sack.
Wow.
Can you see it from inside pouring for that?
Okay.
American said a clear message on Tuesday, Bill Sack said in the statement obtained by the
AP.
It's been released today.
They want leaders who share their value, understand their needs, and respect their intelligence.
That's what I've done as Governor of Iowa, and that's why I attended to his president.
Bill Sack said he's filing documents with the FEC, establishing the Tom Bill Sack for
president committee.
You know what it sounds like to me?
A sack of crap.
A Bill Sack of crap.
He plans a multi-state tour on November 30th to formal announces intentions.
The first stop will be in this hometown of Mount Pleasant where he served as mayor, which
he represented in the Iowa Senate before being elected governor of 1998.
Iowa.
I don't know.
I always just not one of those states that really crosses my mind, but I don't know why.
I know it's right next to Nebraska there, right across Omaha.
Yep.
I like Omaha.
I've put it that many times.
Yes, you have.
Nothing wrong with it.
I don't think much about Iowa either.
Never even crosses my mind.
Doesn't count.
Once in a while I think of Tom Harkin, the outspoken file mouth, the Democratic Senator
from Iowa is a good guy.
Bill Sack said he would also announce his candidacy in New Hampshire, Pennsylvania, Nevada,
and South Carolina.
He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and the other states have all important early
tests of strength in the nominee process.
I couldn't be more honored that my wife, Kristian, our son's Duggan Jess, are committed to
doing my effort.
What kind of a name is that for a guy?
Jess.
You got two sons?
Jess.
Are committed to doing my effort to offer the people of America and the Democratic?
Well, okay.
You gave us an offer that we could refuse.
No thanks, Tom.
Have a good luck.
Good luck, Jesweet Art.
Just go back to Iowa and stay there.
Get out in the cornfields.
Okay.
Get out of our face.
You know, we're going to have over 1100 votes by 11 o'clock.
11 at 11, man.
That is a real natural.
It's enough to make you want to take the rest of the day off.
Play music all day.
Play Johnny Mathis tunes.
Oh boy.
One of University of Central Florida's oldest fraternities has been disbanded by its national
headquartered.
I am sorry about you, but I am so sick and tired of this so-called a hazing crap.
What is it all about?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
What's it all about, Alfie?
What's your overgrown children?
One university of Central Florida's oldest fraternities has been disbanded by its national
headquartered following the occasions of hazing involving heavy drinking and pledges
wearing women's underwear.
See their jersey hat is, he had a summer.
He always follows all, all hanky spanky.
Get your hands off somehow, get the naked, get your hands off, get your hands off.
Get the final win, yeah.
The Sigma Alpha Episodon chapter will be closed immediately, said Brandon Weighhorst
spoke to him for the Evanston & Illinois vates fraternity.
Sigma Alpha Episodon.
Our board does not feel it's worth the effort to rehabilitate the group, like Horst said yesterday.
He said as many as two thirds of the chapters approximately 90 members may have been involved.
Two thirds.
Campus police administrators are investigating the October 26th incident as possible hazing.
The caller notified police of screaming, sobbing, and moaning coming from the house.
Maybe early in the morning, according to police reports, moaning.
Police said they found pledges crawling on their hands and knees, wearing items such as diapers and women's underwear.
Two men were taken to a hospital and the house smelled a beer, urine, and vomit. Vomit!
The chapter after school since the University opened in 1968 with previously suspended for a year in 2003 for suspected hazing.
Telephone messages left this morning for chapter present due to the adult and the University officials were not immediately returned to the A&P.
How do you like that, huh? At the University of Central Florida, UCF.
Screaming, sobbing, and moaning. Maybe Miss Folia was knocking on the door, huh?
Maybe she had warmed her way in her soda speak.
That could be it.
That could be a little bit of screaming, mashing, and moaning, mostly the moaning part.
Maybe you're in, well he's a real peer.
It can't say the other word anymore.
No, we sure can't.
We're at that place if we say the other one.
By the way, when you have lunch with Joe today, Tom was sick and tired of that crap.
Oh yeah. In fact, I would just stand up at the table and just kind of bend over and, like right there, like that.
You don't have to say anything about it, just as they said.
That's right, just do it.
I'm going to play that clip from the number two.
We got $10.89 on the pool, baby.
$1089 votes. How satisfied.
How ecstatic. How pleased are you with the election results from whatever it was Tuesday?
I'm ecstatic. $354. Happy, $327.
I'm squeezing myself $251.
You better stop right now.
I still don't care $79. Not happy $48. Suicidal $18.
So that's like almost 6% of our audience must be a bunch of closet right-wing pansies.
And I hate this pool only 12.1%.
Wait, a 1.1.
Well, I sure hope that Geltie can push some of our day parts up to a 1.1 again.
He's specialized in those small numbers when he was doing that 2-to-4 slot.
He talked to me with the game, but he sure, in fact, Mo got it down to a 1.0.
Oh!
And then Geltie kind of like held Mo's number right there.
You know, he held it.
Experience the difference in Mercedes-Benz and Pompo.
And don't forget that Mercedes-Benz and Pompo.
It doesn't matter what time of the month you purchase a vehicle,
because at the beginning of the month, the middle of the month, the end of the month,
whenever it is, you always get to best deal.
Whether it's one of the brand new 2007 Mercedes-Benz luxury sedans, the 2007 Gelt class,
the first Mercedes-Benz full-size SUV, or they're large selection of certified pre-owned cars,
they give you a spectacular deal.
And when you choose Mercedes-Benz and Pompo, you'll have over 200 employees dedicated to providing
a comfortable service for you to offer you express lube, courtesy vehicles and complimentary car wash,
making employment through the business development center, and don't forget you can even earn
dinner miles just like frequent fire air miles.
For our most Mercedes-Benz and Pompo, you'll find over 150 great new and pre-owned vehicles
or go to their website, benzpompo.com, B-E-N-Z, benzpompo.com.
Experience the difference at Mercedes-Benz and Pompo, you'll find them at i95 and Copens Road,
give them a call at 1-800-New Benz, any W-B-E-N-Z, just like deep knee bends,
1-800-New Benz from Mercedes-Benz and Pompo, and Mercedes-Benz dealer like no other you have ever seen.
The biggest name, so best talent, the best is Neil Rogers, 4-2-0-5-60.
Remember this golden gasser,
wonderful, W-Q-R-M.
Now all us red, mixture of in cells,
this ex-pilates day is good unless it's family,
because all us red next practice in cells.
Now I'm my only uncle and the worries mean,
my head has dirt took me with her,
that dirt of a wide,
what a deal,
ain't got no wheels,
an inside smell like something died,
because my cheek can't wink her eyes,
it's all alone in the house,
but I got a sick wish to give me a kiss,
due until back in her mouth,
all us red next, her love incest.
All right, this ex-pilates day is good unless it's family,
because all us red next practice in cells.
So come meet my new wife, she's my niece.
I just got me a farm with horses,
chickens, cows and pigs,
a four-by-four that I adore,
with tires and a two-dambit.
The rear window it has a gun rack,
has where I keep my gun,
a ramble flag and the wife in the back,
my neck is red from two mother's son,
all us red next, her love incest.
This ex-pilates day is good unless it's family,
because all us red next practice in cells.
My sister is the one over there with the dirty knees,
every human's is hard to chew,
whose got the nicest chew.
You're fairly and I don't like the way my daddy is watching me.
1048.
El Presidente is going to be making an announcement in the Rose Garden
in front of his entire cabin,
and maybe they're all going to resign this morning.
Yesterday, Rummy and today all the rest of more like we've all declared martial law or something.
So that could be it.
Speaking of that, the evangelical camp featured in the documentary Jesus Camp
has been discontinued due to vandalism
and other negative reactions sparked by the film,
a coronary report in the yesterday's Houston Chronicle.
Somehow I missed Jesus Camp, did you?
Well, I saw the reports on it,
but I'll be sure to watch it when it comes like,
we've decided to hold different activities in the future
from the coastal past to a camp organizer Becky Fisher said.
The film gained attention when the trailers
were in public showing the children who are sent to camp to pray
before an effigy of George Bush
and trained to protest abortion at very early ages,
kind of like those madrasses over there in Pakistan and Saudi Arabia.
Same deal.
The film gained further notoriety when it was noted
that the film featured former evangelical leader Ted Hagrid.
The former pastor of the New Life Church in Colorado Springs
and former advisor to George Bush.
Come and listen to his story,
but after admonishing homosexuals in the documentary
was involved in the gay sex and drug scandal.
In the following video clip,
and here is a look at it.
See that?
This is Hagrid's scene condemning homosexuality
immediately blows the film's trailer.
How do you like that?
I'm looking at it right now.
Oh, gee, there's, there's Pastor Ted.
And anyway, no more Jesus can.
That thing with Redneck clothes,
Redneck's love, and says,
that's basically, you know,
that's what America's all about.
Democrats in Rednecks.
I'm sure that there's some Democratic Rednecks.
A few.
Oh, yeah.
Republican Joe Negron had a lot to overcome as replacement candidate
for this race former representative Miss Mark Foley
for starters, Foley's name remained on the ballot in Palm Beach County.
I'll be dang.
Negron, who was just more than a month of campaign
trying to make the best of the situation,
he even came up with a catchy campaign slogan
hoping to get his message out,
punch Foley for Negron.
Give him a big punch,
a Hawaiian punch,
or whatever kind you like.
But it wasn't enough.
Democrats Timahoney ultimately edged him out
by Niro Margin.
I'm proud I stepped in and ran a five-way campaign
for a congressman who stepped down in disgrace, Negron said.
Foley's out for a seat.
Oh, yeah, he's got a very famous seat, Foley.
In other words,
What's he abandoned in medacitations?
He sent a lurid message to teenage boys,
pages on Capitol Hill,
was one of several around the country
that were left open after congressional scandals.
In Texas,
Democratic Nick Lampson won the seat left open
when a former House Majority Leader Tom Delay resigned from Congress.
The hammer.
The hammer.
And so he decided to resolve a fundraising scandal.
That was funny.
The court refused to allow Republicans to replace Delay on the ballot.
The victory was sweet revenge for Lampson.
The former congressman lost his house seat in 2004,
as he's otherwise a devious plan orchestrated by Delay
to redraw congressional voting districts in Texas.
The Eastern Ohio District of this great former representative Bob Nay,
traditionally Republican stronghold,
was also turned over to Democrats.
The voters said nay to the Republicans.
Democrats, Zach Space, watch your back, Zach.
The Fidget Republican State Senator Joy Pange,
taking seats at GOP and held for 30 years.
How do you like that?
So there's a couple of good points, good thing.
Of course, the thing in Palm Beach was much too close,
but nevertheless,
close-down, cowardly, and horseshoes and quits.
And I don't even know what else quits is.
What is quits?
I don't know.
I'm going to have to look that up.
Who, like, clothes?
Get out of here.
Close my ass.
Please.
Don't let the show in short, it's all the time.
Let's see.
Detail history of the game.
It's a game, quits.
Okay.
Food?
Quits is related to another early pub game,
throwing a horseshoes at a pin in the ground.
See?
That's the old saying.
Close only counts in horseshoes and quits.
Some theories have it that quits develop from horseshoe pitching
as a formalized version of the sport.
Horseshoe pitching is still played today,
and especially popular in certain regions of the U.S.
The rules being considered that of a Northern quits game,
and it's got the rules in the whole deal.
The long game, the short game, the early game, and, you know, and like that.
Remember that golf spot, which I think was, and, uh...
John Holmes.
So that's what it says.
Let me show you the short game, and John Holmes says.
Anyway, they have to Britney Spears asked for a divorce Kevin Federline,
K-Fed.
One of the smartest, most objectionable pieces of dirt ever to crawl out of a slime
in the Louisiana.
Is that where they're from Louisiana?
I don't know.
I think he put the loose in Louisiana.
But they have to, or she asked for a divorce, Kevin K-Fed filed court paper seeking
sole custody of the couples to children.
The former backup dancer in the firing of rapper is also seeking
the spousal support.
He says the couples go, I mean, that's just so sad, you know, so sad.
Like she was doing him a...
He was doing her a favor by servicing her, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
He says the couples community assets are uncertain, those spear-setting divorce papers
that were none to speak of.
All right.
I like her better right now.
Yeah, nice shit.
You go, bitch.
Kevin is prepared to go to the distance in order to do what he feels is necessary
to protect and safeguard the children, and will not be intimidated or dissuaded
from pursuit of those goals.
Michael Sann, spokesman for Fideline's Attorney, Mark Vincent Kappens of Wednesday,
spokesman for his attorney, wow, the spokesman, citing irreconcilable differences
in spurious file for divorce on Tuesday, which we're supposed to care about this,
even though I couldn't care less, but nevertheless, you've got to be on top of this crap,
man, this is where America's head is at.
Spirits 24 and K-Fed 28 have a one-year-old son, Sean Preston, and an infant son,
Jaden James, who is born September 12th.
Spirits, of course, is seeking custody of both childrens.
Spirits, wed Fideline, in the fall of 2004, they had a ceremony in September,
but corp paper states a couple were officially married October 6th.
It was the first marriage for a federal family, but he was still dating his pregnant girlfriend,
Charles Jackson, when he met the pop star, his pregnant girlfriend.
Well, I've said to one thing, he sure got away with pregnanting his girlfriends.
Jackson gave birth to Fideline's second child this month before he married Spirits.
It was the second wedding in a year for Spirits, who was 55-hour marriage to childhood friend,
Jason Alexander, ended in an element.
Remember those days, of course.
Well, I'm going to tell you.
All this tabloid turbulence is just more than most of us can handle.
That's what it is.
Tabloid turbulence.
Speaking of turbulence, we're going to have a turbulence stomachle weekend
because they've brought in some heavy duty stuff tomorrow.
Jackson's ice cream from Vania is coming in with more tubs of ice cream for the guys,
and premium-y along with national Delia, all-beef hot dogs, big dogs.
Not just regular, but foot longs.
Where the hell was it with these half-foot longs?
Where the hell was that?
Was all I get to fear?
It's to stay fair stuff like that?
I don't know, Cody Island.
Never was that Cody Island.
Do you think I'm like some kind of a New York Jew or something like that?
I don't know.
Anyway, national Delia proudly presents the first annual Big Dog eating contest at Jackson's
ice cream November 18th at 8 p.m. featuring foot long premium-y along with beef big dogs.
So they bring it in a bunch of weenies and ice cream tomorrow for our two weenies,
Dursan and Josh.
Weenies for the weenies.
11.45 on a pool.
I'll tell you one thing, man.
We are really kicking some big fat-grotesque ass today.
Even Donna Shalately, don't have an ass that big.
I don't think.
All the maybe.
How do you like that thing?
Some of the so-called fans spitting on their own players because they had the audacity to
lose another game as if they didn't go out there and play their guts out, right?
Am I right, Josh?
Yeah, they just, you know, don't have talent.
They just suck.
Hey, so they're not so all that great.
Oh, could big deal.
So they lost some games.
Tough crap.
Just like that, Michael Irvin is bad mouthing poor Larry, that old, the Larry co-cocave guy.
And Larry ain't too happy about it either.
What is the eighth man that this one pays out?
Sorry, we couldn't do that face sooner.
Yeah, that's right.
But again, it's the wheel and the standing upright sooner.
God, get him out of our face.
Anyway, 10.56 EQM.
We got a lot of heavy duty sports stuff.
The dolphins play this weekend.
Who, what girls team do the hurricanes plan on beating up this weekend?
Oh, actually, they have another top 25 team in Maryland.
Oh, they're going to get whipped again.
Hopefully, that's an away game.
Let me take a look at it.
Because you're going to have to hit it.
Well, I'm not going to trust you because you told me that they're the first ones in a way again.
Oh, it's you and Matt Maryland.
Well, thank God for that.
Hopefully, the Maryland fans won't be spitting on a hurricane players or anybody else.
We're at each other.
Maryland, another ranked theme, huh?
So let's see, five and five.
That sounds like Larry's last game to me.
The biggest names.
Hi, guys.
Hello, I'm Alex.
This is Neil Rogers.
Force Radio 560.
QAM.
For a guy's f***ing blow.
Hello, Canada.
A land that's produced rock and roll's greatest performers.
And now, these legendary conucks pay tribute to one another on this new CD.
The best of Canadians, singing other Canadians.
Featuring Anne Murray's version of this rush classic.
A modern day warrior me means trying to date time for you.
Me means ride.
Anne brushes take on this Anne Murray standard.
Yeah, baby.
Yeah, baby.
The best of Canadians singing other Canadians has all your favorite singers from Z2.
A.
Like Celine Dion's rendition of this new young number.
Oh, man, look at my dad.
You're a lot like my old son, right?
No.
Neil Young singing Celine Dion's biggest yet.
I know that my heart will go.
But that's not all.
There's Shania Twain singing Brian Adams.
Crash Chess Dummies doing a lot of more stuff.
Snow wrapping the guest who, and Gordon Whitefoot performing this,
bear naked ladies smash it.
It's been one of my children's love made me.
I've heard it through the side of the time.
I am my name.
Think of your copy of the best of Canadians and other Canadians.
The great white North has never been so great.
Or for that matter, so white.
It's 11.02 at 5.60 WQAM.
Happy Thursday to you.
November 9.
Honor Robert Creepers.
November 9.
Uh-huh.
Now see the one that told you that spelled the beans about that whole thing with a morning show?
No.
Representative, uh, don't tell me it was the beast he wasn't even there.
Maybe it was the host.
You're toast, toast.
Okay.
Yeah.
Representative Charlie.
Here's such a puss.
It's just pathetic.
Stop giving it up my sources, man.
Representative Charlie Wrangled, incoming chairman of the Ways and Means Committee,
revealed yesterday that he's got his eye on Capitol office space now held by the man.
He recently called a son of a bitch, vice president Dick Cheney.
Mr. Cheney enjoys an office on the second floor of the House of Representatives
and historically has been designated for the Ways and Means Committee chairman explained Wrangled,
who've altered the top slot of the tax writing panel, all in most powerful in Congress,
when Democrats rolled over the GOP to take control of the House today.
I talked to a future House Speaker Pelosi about it this morning, a giddy Wrangled told a crowd
crowed during a news conference at his Harlem office yesterday morning.
I'm trying to find some way to be as general as I can to restore the dignity of an office circle rather,
the dignity of that office.
You've got to go, you've got to go, meaning vice president day.
Wrangled's debut news conference as Ways and Means chairman and waiting,
he dismissed GOP claims that he's been tinkering with Bush's tax cuts before they expire in 2010,
or said I'm letting them relax in four years.
At my age, 76, I don't buy green bananas, he said, Bush won't be around in 2010.
We don't know what the economy is going to look like in 2010,
so let's get on and see what we can do, he said.
And he dismissed the Republican's campaign talking point that he would suspend military funding
to halt the war in Iraq.
I want to make it clear that no member of Congress has prepared to cut funds
that would put our brave men and women in jeopardy,
what stops the war are the American people he said.
Despite his jab with Cheney, Wrangled vowed to work across party lines,
to take a leash as such as social security.
The president's going to have to decide what they want to be a lame duck president,
he said if he wants to reach across the aisle,
we too would like to show that the country wants bipartisan to be wrangled at.
Still, they couldn't take resist taking out,
it couldn't resist taking the shot of Bush's immigration reform plan,
calling a guest worker program as close to slavery as you can legal the law.
We'll really get.
Wrangles getting the last laugh in an SD War Awards with Cheney,
down the closing campaign thread, Cheney ridiculed Wrangles,
an irresponsible tax lover who wouldn't extend a single one of the tax cuts.
Wrangled blew his stack when Cheney fooled Fox News Channel,
Charlie doesn't understand how the economy works.
He's such a real son of a bitch, he just enjoys confrontation of Wrangles snap
to the post, talking about your Vice President, Dick.
A lot of 170 votes on the poll,
we had Geldey on it who missed our morning show,
Cheney go morning show, hopefully it won't happen again anytime soon.
Well, he's off to Buffalo with the team, good place for him,
maybe they'll leave him there, maybe they'll even mend the pew.
They'll hear that voice, and all they go, oh, it's just amazing isn't it?
Just mind boggling.
Sorry.
What?
Exactly.
Enjoy your lunch today, you find out where you're going yet or is this going to be a big surprise?
No, it'll be a surprise, we'll probably go to Tutsi's, get some life dances.
Hmm, for lunch.
Walmart has told its employees that it's okay to once again greet shoppers
by saying, Mary Christmas this holiday season instead of the generic happy holidays.
How do you like that?
Of course, it kind of fits in because Walmart deserves it for goyem, Yehoo's.
CNN confirmed that Walmart will announce today that it plans to use the phrase,
Merry Christmas in products and around its stores this holiday season.
Another reason I'm not going to shout out there.
The announcement comes here after religious groups such as the American Family Association
and the Catholic League, boy-cutted retailers including Walmart last holiday season
for excluding the word Christmas from product sold in stores.
We quite frankly have learned a lesson from my steer Walmart spokesman Linda Blakely
told the USA the name of severed report.
We're not afraid to use the term Merry Christmas when used it early and when used it often.
We want those goyem back, she said.
Besides resurrecting its Christmas, Christmas and retailers also determined to be the leader.
In this year's holiday price wars, the November December holiday shopping period is a critical time for merchants
because it can account for as much as 50% of their profits and sales, 50%.
To that end, Walmart was the first out of the gate to the top prices on toys and electronics
much ahead of its competitors like Target, Toys, or Ruff's Costco and others.
For supported Christmas deals and reports said Walmart will launch TV ads next week that
Trump and Christmas were for goyem.
It's changing the name of its seasonal decoration department to the Christmas shop from the holiday shop.
In other words, if you're celebrating Hanukkah, I'll hubb their injury.
Moreover, Walmart stores will play Christmas Carol's throught holiday period.
In about 60% more merchandise will be labeled as Christmas rather than holiday items of paper.
How do you like that? How about those Chanukah Carol's?
When are they going to start at Walmart?
Absolutely, I'm going to start singing some of the part in line.
The holiday season, everyone loves Christmas Carol's, but until now, no one has ever written holiday songs about that other being holiday this time of year.
That's right, I said until now, introducing Hanukkah Carol's on CD.
Hanukkah is always my necklace, they say something new.
If you did it, it's now it's been your last one of you.
I can't care about CDs.
Things like a cradle as it gives you hours and hours of holiday music to get you into the other spirit of the season.
On the high, may of Hanukkah, my mama gave away.
Eight pound chakriva, seven slabs of corn, please say, but take a lot of swine.
It is a gift.
If you're tired of the old traditional songs of the Hall of Bays, where's the whole new tradition you'll get tired of almost before you know it?
You better buy gifts, again of our sale. You know how we hate to pay return.
Caracas coming to town.
Hanukkah Carol's on CD. It's the holiday collection. You just can't pass over.
If you want to be here in all Hanukkah Carol's at the Walmart, I'll tell you that.
Because they decided to really pander to the go.
Well, that's okay. There's a lot more go in than there are due.
So I guess it just fits in with their business practices anyway, right?
So put your trailer right up there to the side of Walmart and have yourself a gay old time.
Love 180 votes in the pool. We're going to be way over 12 at 12.
And we're on a way to like a spectacular unbelievable number today.
And Josh says we're kicking serious ass. We got at least five people listening online on QAM.com.
Wait till that website really gets put into shape, right?
That's right. Of course you had a long wait.
No, not really. Republicans had opened a midterm election with brand 2006's
the year of the Black Republican. Guess what? Didn't happen.
Didn't happen with high profile losses in Maryland,
Senate race and the contest for governor and Ohio and Pennsylvania.
Prospects for Republican games among black owners turned up short this year
and gave it a scan hope for 2008.
One thing about the dark folks, man, they know which side their jam is buttered on.
Republican Michael Stia, Maryland's lieutenant governor lost to a Democrat represented
been card by nearly 10%. Ken Blackwell and obnoxious conservative darling would have been
Ohio's first black governor who went up to a fix Ohio for a bush in 2004 lost by nearly 24%.
And Lynn Swan, not a dumb jock, failed by 21% to secure the Pennsylvania governor's office.
Lynn Swan.
Yeah. They three black Republicans were touted as a new face for the party which has been perceived as predominantly white for years.
But Republicans have vowed and continue to vow to change that. Good luck to them. They'll need it.
History will show these candidates represent a new breed of Republican leaders said,
Terral Wall of the Republican National Committee. This is just the beginning.
Uh-huh. Wall insisted that the Republican sweeping defeats the reaffination to the day
would not enter the party's future efforts to recruit black candidates.
Well, they certainly got enough gay candidates.
The RNC at Skidz will more than a hundred outreach events to mobilize black voters
and more anticipated during the 2008 election.
Ron Walters, former campaign official with Reverend Jesse Jackson,
and now a professor of government in politics at the University of Maryland,
said Republicans have to identify candidates based on issues not just on skin color.
What are concept? They have to have positions that are in line with the black community
said if they can't attract the black voter won't pay off.
Exit poll showed 88% of black supported Democrats about the same level of support in the last few elections.
88%. We should only say that of all ethnic and minority groups.
Shouldn't we be able to say that 88% of Jews 88% of Hispanics like especially in Dave County, huh?
Great.
But that'd be something. Wouldn't that be a major real reason to accomplish that?
I'll tell you one thing, all those old green teeth, man, they're going to be dead one of these days.
Not soon enough, but I mean they'll be dead.
You know what I'm talking about? The old green teeth? Oh yeah.
The alien crowd. They're crowd. Ah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Yeah, well, they're alien. They'll be dead. And then the new breed of young Julio's man,
then they're going to take over people like Miguel, for example.
Yeah, and him too. He's going to take over. He's going to be headed to DEA.
That's the drug and drug in agency. The drug and drug in agency.
Aslan, 1187 votes on the poll. We're waiting for President Bush to speak.
And he said, I never promised you a rose garden. And there's Nancy Pelosi in a very boring hairy read.
You think he really is a liar as he just like a mannequin?
Man, there's so many of these guys talking about stiff.
Like I said, thank you, partner.
Who was that Lynn Anderson? Yes.
I thank your partner.
How did she did? I think so.
Oh, not Lynn Anderson for crying out loud.
Not lovely Lynn who had so many big hit like that when I was a medley of my thing.
I never promised you a rose garden.
Well anyway, he's going to be making another speech and hopefully the whole bunch of wool resigns.
The biggest names of best talent.
This is a law of Rogers.
Forged radio 560.
You A.M.
Sports, queer radio is like a huge war in U.A.
Absorbing.
First, it was Raiders of the Lost Ark, the Temple of Doom and the last Crusade.
Now, nearly two decades later, he's back.
Hey, hey, snakes!
I can't remember why, but I...
Hey, hey!
Hey, what? Hey!
Hey, don't let music know!
Harrison Ford returns in Indiana Jones and like, he's a Doom.
I'm going to hit you with my whip.
Stand still and now.
That didn't hurt.
Oh yeah! How about this?
It's nothing.
AARP Pictures presents Harrison Ford in the fourth installment of an ancient movie franchise.
Indiana Jones and the Geezers of Doom.
No, no! That James Bond and Rowling Ray Spies!
Everybody runs for your life!
Out!
Indiana Jones and the Geezers of Doom.
This one was not recommended for actors over 64 years of age.
1118 at 56, WQAM.
We have 105 votes on the poll.
We are smoking on it, man.
It is just smoking and two big lunches taking place today.
Your presence having lunch with Nancy Pelosi.
Would you like to be a fly on that table?
Oh, not a fly.
And George is having lunch with Joe Bell, a general man, this afternoon.
He doesn't know where yet and doesn't know what kind of a jello you're going to be eating for dessert.
Probably it's got some of that present any freezing.
I hope it's red.
Come on to jello.
That too.
As the cantoncine continues in Virginia, Senator George McCocca, which Alan,
is the question in his home, Michelle Shockling going through a nightmare during this period of limbo,
a senior Alan Stafford tells CNN,
Alan is making a speech that treats us after the home for the to concede.
In a conference called with the Senate Staff and Regional Representatives yesterday afternoon,
the Virginia Senator didn't concede yet, but was clearly not emboldened to fight this.
According to the Stafford's spoken condition of anonymity, he don't want to be called McCocca,
by some half-wits.
And Alan lost to his Democratic calendar, James Webb gives Democrats a once-year majority in the Senate.
I think he's going to concede a three this afternoon, being the real fine gentleman that he is.
Be in the jueling redneck that he is.
Wow.
At any rate.
So that's, you got 4-shade 1135 and you got McCocca with the three.
I think your day is all set now.
And of course, there was big lunches in between.
If George is going to be, he's got to hit on microphone.
He's going to be broadcasting lunch with Joe Bell.
Tell him that the Kenny Walker is a good guy and he should stop trying to sandbag his show.
I will.
That would be something good to say.
I mean, you know, I don't want to get involved though.
Don't go drag in my name through it.
Don't be like, well, Neil says that's exactly what I'm going to say.
Yeah, I'm sure you're going to say that.
Neil says that.
Right.
I'm positive that's what it's going to be.
Well, because otherwise they'll say, you know, he don't care.
Exactly. He doesn't care what you have to say.
Right. And he's just using you to try to get tried.
Right. I'm going to tell him.
Well, Neil says that.
This is what Neil wants.
Doug Thompson, Capitol Hill Blue, Georgia's very favorite website says,
Memo to Democrats.
Don't buy into Bush's act.
That's what cynical Doug says.
He says, President George W. Bush decided before Tuesday's midterm elections to fight
defense secretary Rumsfeld, but lied once again to the press and the American people
about his intentions.
Bush admitted yesterday that the interviewed former CIA director Robert Gates over the weekend
for Rumsfeld's job and said he intentionally misled reporters last week about
the defense secretary's future to avoid making the Iraq war more of an issue in the election.
More of an issue?
The Iraq war and Bush's misunderstanding of it was the issue in Tuesday's route that swept
him across back into power both the House and the Senate.
Once again, Bush proved himself unaware of the obvious and oblivious to the voter anger
that sent Republicans packing.
He blamed GOP losses on voter ignorance, saying Americans didn't understand the war in Iraq.
He chashed eyes political guru Carl Rowe saying, I obviously was working harder in the
campaign than he was.
He later would claim the line was a joke, but it wasn't.
Bush was clearly pissed off and everyone involved in Tuesday's election debacle.
Everyone but himself.
Wednesday's press conference was classic Bush.
Offer up Rumsfeld is the first of what some respect will be a number of scapegoats for the Tuesday
massacre, avoid accepting responsibility for his own culpability, and talk about how he hopes
to work with Democrats after six years of writing roughshout over them.
When asked about the outrageous claims he made about incoming speaker Nancy Pelosi and
other Democrats during the election, saying they favored victory by a terrorist, Bush dismissed
his inflammatory rhetoric as just politics.
The election is over, Bush said it's time to move on.
Yet it's hard to move on with the president who openly admits lie and then rationalize
that is just politics.
Bush is disregard for the truth is just one of his many ethical problems in moral life,
since he lives in a delusional world of his own making a political allegory that maximizes
morality, ethics and the law.
In his work mind, all his fear and politics, he and his party proved that over and over again
this past election using fear, racism, bigotry, homophobia and outright lies to try and hold
on to power.
Now that he's lost, he wants to make nice and demands that the opposition forgiven forget.
A recommendation for incoming Democratic leaders Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid, don't
fall for W. Zach.
He's a venomous political snake who will turn and bite at the first opportunity because
that's what snakes do.
Don't turn your back on him.
Don't trust him for a nanosecond and don't believe for an instant that he serves any interest
but his own.
George W. Bush proved this past week that he'll sell out anyone, including his own
administration and his party's leaders in Congress.
If last week he had announced his decision to replace Donald Rumshell, it might have swayed
enough voters to keep at least a Senate in GOP hands.
But Bush for reasons lost somewhere in his deranged mind decided a lot of the American
people again.
It wasn't the end, another desperate, unexplainable act by a madman.
A madman.
Like that.
That's your president, baby.
That's what Doug Thompson said.
You know what he's still, I wonder if Doug's coming out of hiding now.
I don't think the coast is clear.
I don't know if the coast is queer or not.
From 118 votes on the pool, Bill Cosby sells suit alleging sexual assault.
Remember that?
I do.
You know, the good thing, I just don't.
I mean, we don't hear anything about him anymore.
Thank God.
Well, you talk about somebody who really wore out his welcome.
Not that I ever liked him in the first place.
Everybody was funny or entertaining or anything, you know.
Just too much to jello putting.
Bill Cosby settled the lawsuit yesterday with a woman who said the entertainer drug
and sexually assaulted her at his home outside Philadelphia.
Terms of the settlement remain confidential, according to one paragraph statement released
jointly by both sides.
Cosby's publicist, David Broca said there'd be no further comment.
And speaking of Broca, you know, so NBC tried it all time out there.
Wow.
A telephone number for the plaintiff couldn't be determined yesterday.
She could not be reached for comment for a lawyer Dolores M. Troeni declined for the comment.
The woman claimed that Cosby 69 has assaulted her at his mansion in Chaltonham in early
2004 after giving her peels.
The attorney for Cosby says the comedian gave the woman Ben and Dural allergy tablet after
she complained of stress and sleeping problems.
It was just a Ben and Dural or two or three.
Right.
That's illegal though.
Well, if he gave like 10, the federal judge presiding over the case earlier than
that Cosby's request for a gag order and the plaintiff's request to shield the names
of another woman who say Cosby assaulted them.
Some of the accusations raised by the other woman go back for decades and non-appending
lawsuits filed against him.
The native of a plaintiff, a native of Ontario, Canada, was in her 30s, previously worked
in Teppi.
See, I don't, I just don't understand that.
That's right.
I mean, Ontario is a province.
It's like, that would be like saying a native of Pennsylvania.
I mean, like, is there a city where she's from or she just from the province she has
around a lot?
The Boondock, Southern Corporated.
Anyway, she's in her 30s, previously worked in Temple University in Philadelphia, which
tells Cosby is a trustee in one of its most famous alumni.
Real service, real saving.
She then filed a lawsuit.
Wait a minute, I skipped over something.
She went to police about a year after it encountered my county prosecutor's decline to file
criminal charges.
She then filed lawsuit.
Cosby best known as the warm puny TV down in the Cosby show, which really sucked and
sparked debate with blood remarks on personal responsibility aimed at the black community.
In 1997, the year his son, NS, was murdered.
The long married Cosby calls to brief affair with the mother of Autumn Jackson, a young woman
convicted of extorting him.
The woman said Cosby had given her three blue pills that read it to her semi-conscious,
then molesteter.
He's a big pill guy, like you, I guess.
She said she evoked to find her bra on done and her clothes in this array.
That's usually a sign of something.
Cosby and his legal filings denied the ass, all in the city made the woman breakfast
the next morning.
He described them as social friends who sometimes had dinner together, alone or with others.
They have sometimes had dinner together, alone or with others.
That is that me.
Licy.
Neither would just the two of them or with a bunch.
Like you'll see in that point, if that DVD ever shows up, I am so frosted about that.
You know me being the big spender I was only like 12 dollars and 42 cents with the, you know,
a don't even sweat it.
You've already gone above and beyond.
No, I have not.
You need to see that.
You're loving it.
I will.
I'll let you know.
I look today to see these status in my order.
It says delivery expected between November 14th and 28th.
What kind of services that Amazon.com?
That's my own fault.
Planet fan he discussed many topics.
No, he basketball, planet square and personal development job opportunities and plan
of spiritual beliefs.
Cosby sent his answer to the lawsuit.
The accused are also saw damages for defamation after Cosby's representative's allegiances
suggested her family had asked him for money before going to the police.
Little black man, little bribery there.
The more they said, we don't believe that for a second.
Do we?
I don't know.
I don't care.
Who cares about yellow putting in the bill?
Yellow putting.
What kind of people do you know putting?
I don't know.
Go ahead.
Lots.
Okay.
Come under 29 votes.
How satisfied are we with the election results?
And the majority of this product, of course, are squeezing themselves and each other.
The biggest name of the best talent in this is Neil Rogers for 20560.
George Bush doesn't care about black people.
I want to be a Latino.
I want to be a Latino and say, hey, my, no, and we're not on my head now.
I want to wear a slick 50 in my hair and dark sunglasses to cover my face.
I want to drive in a big car with left-foot skin, interior with loud ass hair.
I want a girl named Juanita.
With a spark like air, fake blue, high and big gold chains.
I want a Latino.
I want a Latino.
I want a Latino.
I want a Latino.
I want a Latino and an actor.
He wore a blue banana down to his eyes.
He had a black hair.
He had a white muffle shirt that was way too tight.
I want a Latino.
I want a Latino.
I want a Latino.
I want a Latino.
I have to be a little scared.
So, I'll present that to you.
A very short speech is over.
How many words he spoke.
I heard his party the lack of it with service surveillance.
You guys are going to be Democrats on the victory, both the election that we made this and our behind.
And we're going to work together and all this other crap.
And then he turned around and chained he followed him very closely by the way.
And they went inside the door back in the White House and by-bought.
Now, is it?
No questions asked.
Pro-139 votes.
I just mentioned that because it made me feel like he had something cat-explosed, mixed something really important.
Did he?
No.
He says the American people expect us to rise above politics.
Well, when did that start?
What did that start?
That's funny coming from here.
That's just probably like a throwing a fig leaf to the Democrat party as he calls it.
The Vatican is condemned to gay pride parade.
Do the B. Hilton Jerusalem tof tomorrow?
I can't be the gay pride parade where the far-bisoned those orthodox Jews in Israel were saying that they were offering a reward to kill any fangs.
That must be the one.
The Vatican is condemned to gay pride parade.
Do the B. Hilton Jerusalem tof tomorrow is offensive to religious believers and urged Israeli authorities to stop it taking place.
How do you like that?
Talk about here's the in Nazi Pope who's now giving dictates to Israel.
Parade does he have a lot of clips about?
Yeah.
Pope Oratsi.
It is with bitterness that we've learned that the day after tomorrow in November 10th 2006, there was scheduled in Jerusalem a so-called gay pride parade.
The Vatican said in the same issue yesterday.
In London, Israel's foreign minister, the Vatican urged authorities to withdraw permission for the parade, which is expected to attract up to 8,000 people.
The Holy See has reiterated on many occasions that the right to freedom of expression sanctioned by the universal declaration of human rights is subject to just limits.
In particular, when the exercise of this right would offend the religious sentiments of believers, the letter said.
It is clear that the gay pride parade schedule of take place in Jerusalem will prove offensive to the great majority of Jews, Muslims, and Christians given the sacred character of the city of Jerusalem.
Gay pride for festivals have been held each year in Jerusalem since 2001, but this year's bigger and within the international participation has caused greater outrage than before.
Altra Orthodox Jews, resting black suits and hats have protested in the city, burning tires and pelting police with stones.
Organizers say the parade will promote understanding tolerance and open mindedness.
Right!
The Vatican has often criticized the rise of gay rights as a potential threat to the traditional model of the family.
That's right, because they want them all to themselves. That's what it's all about. They don't like to share.
That's one thing about this Pope, man. He wants every...
Raccoon himself, especially that swish guard.
In June, the Vatican said gay marriage abortion lesbian is inviting the marriage children in a host of other practices it's all as threats to the traditional family and were signs of the...
Eclipse of God!
Oh my God!
Pardon me, expression.
How do you like that?
Does the Eoser mind me of all over again?
Come and listen to us all about a preacher named...
Yeah, same old crap.
Popcorn kettle pink.
I mean, the world's biggest closet, the Catholic Church.
Anybody out there ever meet a straight priest?
Oh!
I've been asking that for 30 years in this market, man.
Never had one name delivered me out.
No straight man would willingly put himself in a position where he couldn't get any of that.
Yeah. So any of that?
Yeah, you know that.
You know that.
You know that.
I see.
It's a Brooklyn train.
Right.
It keeps you regular.
It's 345 votes on a pool.
We're going to have like over 1,300 by noon and God only knows.
Now we did 15 yesterday right at the end of the show right about 15, 17, something like that.
I don't think we're going to duplicate that again.
Don't set the bar to high, you know?
Because then burn Troyer can't get up there and get a nice stiff drink.
Yeah.
He is just...he's a doggo.
I'm not the check.
Yeah, he's the best.
At any rate, Robert Cores is the drama of empty numbers as the Bush administration really gotten its comeuppance.
Now the real comeuppance should be impeachment.
And now let's see if they were just blowing smoke when Pelosi and all these others were saying,
oh well that's not on a agenda and if we...
Let's hope they were just making nice, you know?
Because now it's time not to make nice no more.
And let's have a lot of hearings, you know, and the energy policy and into the holy rack business.
All of this stuff.
The so-called PPDAC my ass.
And the voters went, ahem, is the first sentence in this story.
Ahem.
Even with 40% national turnout, which I know is good for a midterm election in the world's oldest and most complacent democracy,
I find myself battling doubt Robert Coder rights and skepticism in a day later that the criminally incumbent Bush administration is actually gotten its comeuppance.
At the very least, I know that those of us who want to reclaim the country still have a lot of work to do.
Our celebration and resting back to the House and maybe even the Senate will have to be a brief one, not maybe, and the House and the Senate.
See when he wrote this, it was still up in the air, but it's not up in the air anymore.
I think the Alan McCocoist will concede it through this afternoon.
A White House spokesman commenting on the president's reactions to withdraw of his mandate to dig the holes into which he has thrust the country still deeper during the remainder of his term set,
but he's eager to work with both parties on his priorities over the next two years.
He albed.
What I wonder is have we elected bipartisan appeasers who want to work with W.D.A.
or will the newly powerful congressional Democrats reflect the outrage and horror of their constituents and begin shining a moral spotlight on this criminal regime?
Will they tell the president where to stick his priorities?
Welcome.
I skip this as a means partly based on exposure to the Boob Tube, the Boob Jew last night, for longer interval than I'm accustomed to it at one time, as I watched the election returns with friends.
I keep forgetting the depth of American no-nothing is a means pervade especially by the electronic media.
The hollermist of the democracy that mainstream pundits spill into our living rooms was driven home from him by a CNN commentator waxing wise on the Senate horse race in Virginia.
Referring to W.D.P. polls that showed a majority of males catching their votes for Republican Senator George McCockel with talent, some of the former Republicans coaxed the same name, and a majority of women voting for the Democratic Chum to Jim Webb, he said,
the men voting for Alan and Virginia, that's football, the women voting for Webb, that's Iraq.
If he's right it's time for a male anti-sufferage movement, me thinks, but there was no moral awareness behind the Civil Observation only in indulgent glee in the spirit of the old R-linkletters show kids say the darnedest things.
Americans cast their ballots for the darnedest reasons apparently, the gals are riled over Iraq, tortured 650,000 dead, while their husbands are dreaming superbowl in the skin glory days.
Let's wait and see which candidate wins, and we'll see which concern resonates more with the American people, ain't democracy grand?
If you actually believe the state's in this election had life and death significance, such jockularity might barely be tolerable, but here in America where 40% is a darn good turnout for midterm election, such folks are in the minority, I guess.
A few other matters were lost in the drama, the numbers have flashed across our TV screens. For instance, to media continue not to care that electronic voting machines are unreliable, hackable enormously costly, and undermine the integrity of our elections.
Machine now functions, wooden star failed to display candidates name, flip-boats, occurred in precincts throughout the country, and convene in seeing some voters just in franchising others.
And most such machines, they've no verifiable paper trail, making recounts and many such races such as Virginia's Iraq football set to, all but impossible.
Also beyond the scope of the drama of empty numbers, we're accustomed to calling democracy, there were some overlooked results that hinted at the true national mood.
One was the surprising success of a number of alternative candidates, including Rich Whitney, the Green Party's nominee for Governor Illinois, who got a whopping 11% of the vote in that state.
Another was the Fator Resolutions from coast to coast colony for US troop withdrawal from Iraq, a total of 8.7 million voters cash ballots and such resolutions, according to the National Organization Liberty Tree.
Most of these referendum passed by White margins, and Cook County, Illinois, where I voted for example, the vote was 456,000 in favor to 167,000 against Alva drawing troops from Iraq.
And in San Francisco, nearly 60% voted yes on a resolution calling for Bush's impeachment, and across the Bay in Berkeley more than 68% voted yes on impeachment.
Oh well, Ho-Hum, this is a footnote of the mainstream media, which Excel are bringing us to Super Bowl, but haven't quite figured out how to cover elections, which are more complex and just possibly more important.
More important than the Super Bowl, how dare he? Let's find Robert Coler and string up his ass.
The biggest name of the best talent to the best is Neil Rogers, 420560SUAM.
Look, crap, you can unwrap all the slime all the time.
Your first and third time is beautiful, and you know, it'll take time to restore chaos, but we think we will.
747-13-11 are great Thursday, man. It's a wonderful day for the Irish to choose the Goyam everybody else, and even the Muslim's man, even the Radhids.
I don't know why, but I just can feel it. Can't you? Can you smell it? It smells something.
How guarantee you, what you smell is probably Georgian real nervous. You know, how many people to get nervous? They fart a lot.
Because at lunch, he's got coming up with Joe Bell. A lot of pressure, no, why should I be nervous?
There will be prayer and perhaps the laying on of hands. So this is the story. This is going to be not about your lunch. All of it could be prayer and laying on of hands during your lunch.
Yeah, I hope not.
There will be counseling and a confession, and there will be advice. See this all sounds just like, you know, like your lunch coming up.
There will be advice, confrontation and a rebuke from godly men appointed to oversee these spiritual restoration of the Reverend Ted Haggard is what this is.
Come and listen to the story about the preacher named Ted.
After coming from the pittigarth, fumbling and tumbling from the Pinnacle of American Evangelical movement of the Malacatians, he stewarded, met and converted with a male prostitute.
Isn't that an interesting choice of words? I love that word. The associated person, converted my ass. I'll bet.
Haggard is agreed to a rehabilitation process that could last three to five years. Oh my goodness. Maybe they'll throw him in there with what's his name?
With Mark Foley, because he certainly much to all from his foley. Although Ted might like Mark because he seems to be enamored with ugly old guys.
I see six and a lot of the guy guy was no old. He was 30. One thing, the 30 men.
It's Doug Mey. Greater face. Grotesque. I see success of approximately 50% of the times at H.B. London.
Vice President for Church and clergy at focus, focus focus focus on the family. The conservative Christian ministry in Colorado Springs.
Guys just wear out and they can all get to subject themselves to the process. Those who fail end up selling cars or shoes or something and being miserable and angry the rest of their lives on it.
So now that's if any of you guys out there sell cars or shoes or our sales holes, then you're going to wind up angry and miserable the rest of your life.
If you believe this is Schmendrick, this huckster of craft. Haggard was president when we knew what he was.
President of the National Association of Evangelicals and senior pastor of the 14,000-member New Life Church in Colorado Springs, he was last week.
When a Denver man said Haggard paid him for sex nearly every month for three years and sometimes took meth and meth and fed him during the encounters.
Oh, he bought the meth but he didn't use it except when he was having sex with this grotesque guy. Haggard first denied having sex with a man.
He admitted buying meth but said he threw it away unused. He resigned like what George does with all that potty buys. He throws it away.
Yeah, he thinks about lighting up and I'm like, ah, that, that guilt, pangs of guilt get to him. He just, this shmid can't burn it.
He resigned from the NE and days later was fired from his church after confessing to unspecified sexual immorality. He's a prevert. He's a homo.
London, who's not a Bob and Haggard's restoration, said the process will demand honesty from Haggard and determination from his overseers.
It can not just be a matter of friendship. It'll have to become almost a confrontational relationship.
He said you've got to confess your scenes and you've got to have a group of people around you who will not let you whitewash the issue.
You better wash it before somebody gets some disease from it. From the Christian perspective we think in terms of prayer, we think in terms of what we call godly counsel,
where godly men who are clean themselves and certain themselves in life want to a struggling one and said, I think he was in certain lot of stuff.
Correct them. The symbolic laying out of hands may also be part of the recovered one and said, you think he's going to get the message?
I'm sure there'll be those who lay their hands on Pastor Haggard as an act of faith calling on the act of god that we store in healing said the prayer can be therapeutic.
The laying out of hands can be ceremonial. That's what he likes to lay in on a hands. Maybe this group can get him out of his mouth.
One of them agreed to oversee the restoration. The most anxious focus on the family founder James Dobson has already withdrawn citing a lack of time.
He doesn't have time for small potatoes like Ted. The other two passed through Jack Hayford of the church on the way in Van Nijs, California,
and Tommy Barnett of the first of somebody of God and Phoenix declined to come out in these specifics of Haggard's program.
It isn't clear whether Haggard will try to return to the ministry a new life or elsewhere. He said that he's committed his life to God,
and he's looking for directness to where God can best use him, said Leonard Chessler, Haggard's lawyer and friend.
The Reverend Sean Spirre, a brethren in Christ pastor in Holidays, heard Pennsylvania knows at least part of what lives ahead for Haggard.
After admitting he had an affair with a woman, Spirre endured a painful year-long separation from the ministry,
went to counseling six times a month and worked to earn back the trust of his wife and his church.
It was a brutal day. It was brutal for his wife to do it as well. She said she suffered nightmares, had trouble sleeping in a time she wanted to die.
If God could have taken me at that point, I would have been pleased because you just don't feel like you could take another day.
She said now they feel blessed that it is. They say they may survive even more than their church accepted Sean Spirre back as minister.
There is hope he said there is grace, there is restoration, but a beep but a boop but about all of a sudden a holy moly crap.
There is a lot of tax free dollars to be made in that freaking business. Let me tell you that right now. Speaking of dreams, you know what I dreamed about last night?
Maybe last night early this morning before the alarm on a food. Yeah, Chinese food.
Okay, sliced beef with all kinds of shrooms. I'm not talking about magic mushrooms. I'm not talking about magic mushrooms.
I'm not talking about like shrooms and onions. I've probably done that before. If I were so lazy, maybe I need to get the vegematic.
You know, slicing the onions is a pain in the grass. Oh, well they have little cheap slices out there.
Slicing the garlic. Right, I'm trying to do it. Slices it all up. Really? Oh, yeah.
Oh, man. Shrooms and onions. I can eat that. That and that only for the rest of my life. I know it sounds ridiculous because after the first one I like both of them also.
I like them a lot. And of course I would like to maybe on the side like a little macaroni and cheese. Craft.
Just a joke. It's just a joke. I don't eat no craft macaroni and cheese. Okay.
Although if the upstairs at the track it would buy and they have like a little cafeteria and they have fairly decent outside of where they got the best I used to.
I've been there in years at Calder, Calderaster. I kind of the best macaroni and cheese in the cafeteria.
It's got to be like, you know, it's always better like the second day. You know what I mean? Oh, yeah.
And if it's like, if it's almost burned a little bit, you know, like a little, you know what I mean? Like crispy on the outside.
Like a casserole, right? What do you ever bake it? You ever make macaroni and cheese and then bake it?
Mmm. We shut all bubbling and pop.
Set up. 1200.
Yeah, exactly. I hope you eat 15 times the ice cream tomorrow and you're slowed right there.
Probably. I need to bring a pillow. I need to cut the crap. Just to clean your ass up there tomorrow.
He says he ain't going to do it either by the way. You don't want to touch the best part of it. You can find it.
Now what you said, Josh? Right. Plus I'll be eating a tub of my own. He's got his own tub.
Oh, for me. And he said he don't want you getting in there with him just like in the town that Mr. Ripley. Remember that?
Yeah. He had a tub with you long. Well, why not?
How sad? I wouldn't mind getting up in the tub with Matt Damon. Not with you law, though. He's, you know, he's not bad, but not even more your type.
Headed or sexual? How satisfied are you with the election results? 1280 votes. I'm ecstatic. 413 ecstatic.
They're dancing a kazaski, baby. Happy 393. Happy. Not ecstatic, but happy. I'm squeezing myself to 90,
which is I think even beyond ecstatic, isn't it? The work depends on how long they squeeze themselves. I still care 92.
Not happy 56. Suicidal 22. And I hate this full 14. 1%. Only I hate this.
Bull. Not happy 56. Wouldn't that be a great slogan for QA in? Okay. When the numbers come out. Like when Clarence goes runner,
my old G Roger's is number one again. Even that little crap had George, but our sports numbers suck.
You know, maybe there's a message in there for your Clarence. Too much freaking sports. Too much repetition.
Too much narrow casting man. Narrow casting. It's like that story about the U.M., you know, the guys spitting on a poor player's.
These are like overgrown children. Haven't I talked about this about a billion times over the years about these guys?
You know, it's one thing if you go to a game like when I go to a hockey game, I wear my at least jacket, which you know, what?
How not? You know, it's colder and healthier than me. We need to wear jacket anyway. So why not wear my make believe jacket, right?
Because that's my team. But I mean guys who like in their regular lives, I'm not talking about a sporting event, but just day to day.
They walk around and they got their hurricane jacket on and a cap and at least an overgrown children who refuse to give it up.
Give it up for Jesus for Christ's sake. Isn't that what Grady Quincy's in order to give it up for Jesus?
Uh huh. Give it up for Brady.
I wouldn't mind giving it up for Brady, although not what you might have in mind. No, I don't give that up for anyone.
Not no more. Wouldn't do that again, especially on an old guy like me. Oh man.
Woo! I'm not one of those guys that wants to rock him on like side-set all the time. That's bad.
Mm-hmm. Bulldog? 1283 all over. You know, if he was here, I'd have to probably consider it.
The biggest name. So best talent for this is Neil Rogers.
All the words of what he'll find is a nice UAM.
This is Jennifer Lopez. I have to take my hormones every day to keep the hair from growing back on my nipples. And that's when I listen to the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour.
So Brad, one step closer to being with that.
Maddox and babies are now having his name.
But this is the first step to miss when this is Smith becoming Mr. Witnesses.
How long will it take till we get a break?
Yeah, break.
From the coverage of Brad and the mother to be.
They are too new to get the Hollywood here in the foreground.
Brad and you have their baby.
Hunch is bored today.
Is it really a kid's?
The hardest people make for now are physically.
A lot of people are judged today, granted the name change.
Woohoo!
It's a brand and an Angelina Hassan.
But our Mr. Knitt and Smith all ready living happily ever after.
They are faces all over.
And I know.
It's a sad blow.
But we got more gradually to this.
Brad, one time, that's the kind of mouthful of pile of high with toys.
Yeah, there's some auditioning and cheese.
How's that sound?
Like you said, baked macaroni and cheese.
And a casserole.
Real crisp.
Right, brown on top.
Some Canadians will see lower life.
I got something that's brown on top.
Some Canadians will see lower electric bills next year.
Thanks to lower cost for some types of fuel, such as natural gas.
Speaking of that.
But many others will see their rates increase as other fuels get more expensive.
Customers of the state's largest electric utility, Florida,
will benefit from the company's new natural gas power plant,
which will cut fuel costs because it's more efficient.
The company also projects it will see lower fuel costs overall
and is cutting a storm surge charge that will further renew its customers' monthly payments.
Oh, don't we just love FBNL?
No.
The new charges were approved yesterday by the State Public Service Commission.
We're really pleased to be able to renew our customers' electric bills,
especially at times when a lot of the value-tilties are finding
a necessary to increase their rates at FPL spokesman Jim Davidson.
We don't like him either.
The company's customers will see their rates go from $108.61 for a thousand kilowatt hours
to $151, a 4.7 percent drop.
God, all might have it sounds like $5.10.
The average customer uses slightly more electricity than that per month,
but it's the standard industry benchmark for usage.
Customers of other utilities will see higher rates, however.
St. Petersburg-based progress energy flow to the state's second largest electric company,
one approval for a fuel charge will mean increases of about 80 cents a month
of the average consumer, 80 cents a month, even George Hanna for that.
And Josh forget about that altogether.
It's going to start living like an omniscience.
And Gealth Power, which serves customers in the Panhandle,
is said rising a coal cost or a driving its rates up about 10 percent
starting to January 1.
Its customers will pay $101.87 for a thousand kilowatt hours,
up now from $92.34.
Just like many other businesses, our prices have been impacted
by rising fuel costs, so Gealth Power spokesman John Hutchinson,
that's in the Panhandle.
We don't care about that.
We have kind of a little bit of a listen in the Panhandle.
Do we?
I hope not.
You think?
No, we got to.
Get out of here in the Panhandle.
I can maybe until a Hassee, maybe Fatass outgoing governor,
Fatass Jeb Bush, maybe him and his cronies are listening there during the lunch hour now.
They're all gathered around their computer, listening online.
Oh, and there's that crazy thing, Neil, yeah.
Customers of Tampa Electrical Pay 101, 87 for a thousand kilowatt hours,
up about 5%.
You tell these have a lot of recover only the cost of buying fuel and power
from other customers, and their forecast for those costs must be approved by the PSC.
The companies aren't allowed to make a profit on the fuel charges.
And the idea out here.
Speaking of the Tampa area, I was checking some things online,
and then I went to our website, and I saw that nice tribute that you put on
or somebody put on there to last dinner.
Eric had on with my help.
And I clicked that thing to the blog, which is still up there,
and thanks to last year's wife Mary.
And it's kind of surreal, you know what I mean?
And there was like, I don't know how to describe it.
But when you get in the habit of reading when somebody's got a blog,
and they have entries all of them,
even when you know that they're not going to be around much longer,
you get the feeling it's always going to be there.
You know what I mean?
I'm expressing myself well, they're not.
Probably not.
Sure, good enough.
And just ain't there no more.
It's kind of hard to describe.
It's hard to say.
Like Johnny Mattress would say, it's not for me to say that what he said,
you don't have that.
I don't hear any of the two votes on the poll.
Conservative activist Richard Vigory has released a statement
that blasts the GOP's congressional leadership,
and they'll make it a loss in both the House and the Senate.
By the way, MSNBC is reporting that, like I told you,
Senator Makaka, which will concede a three this afternoon,
the Senate race and Virginia and the UNIS web,
Democrats have the Senate 51 to 49.
Of course, that's a little bit on the shaky side,
because one of those two that put him over to 49 was an independent,
by the name of Julie Lieberman.
Bernie Sanders, we can count on from Vermont.
Julie Lieberman, who knows?
Depending on which way the wind is blowing,
and which way his tallest is blowing in a wind.
He holds his tallest up in the air.
You know what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
And whichever way the wind is blowing,
that's the way he blows.
Every single member of the Republican leadership
in the House should be replaced at Vigory.
They fail to conservators who put them in an office,
and they fail to people of this country.
Vigory attacks when he described as the big business wing
of the Republican Party,
and urges GOP leaders to get out of the way,
and let a new generation of young principal conservatives
take their place according to the release.
So where do we find them?
Young principal conservatives.
Congressional Republicans can move as fast as they can
to distance themselves from the Bush White House Vigory,
said that's the only way to come back from this disaster.
He said yesterday his midterm elections,
meaning Tuesday, were referendum on Bush and his war in Iraq,
voters couldn't vote to fire Bush,
so they did the next best,
and they fired this party in the House in the Senate,
and in state houses all around the nation.
This election, that we said, was also referendum
on the so-called neo-conservatives,
the big government Republicans who took us into a nation-building war
while they busted the budget in rich big business
and its case-reel obvious.
Vigory said the only thing Benny Hashtard and company
cared about was holding on to power.
That's what led them to become kings of pork.
That's what led them to protect the likes of Mark Foley.
Pork, which it looks, if he look at Hashtard,
that seems to me that that's one thing he had in common
with Mark Foley, they both were really big on pork.
One thing this election was not Vigory rights as a
repeatation of conservatism,
the twin pillars of conservatism,
smaller government and traditional values,
had the support of the same voters who threw out
the Republican Congress he said.
That's Richard Vigory who used to be my alarmist
or a big wigger in the Republican Party,
and now he's pissed off and fired up.
He's had it.
He's had it.
Got it.
Got it.
Good.
13th ever six votes on the poll.
I just mention those numbers every now and then because
there are a lot of people out there like sitting on the edge of their seat
or sliced beef with nice Chinese mushroom sounds off.
Good.
And like a nice beef gravy.
Giveo manga.
I beg your pardon?
Do you have a walk?
You know, like Christopher?
I walk a lot.
I don't have a walk.
Why?
We don't either, but it just sounds like something that would be good to make that what you're talking about.
Or I could just call in order to take out sounds like my good and good.
And I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
You crazy person.
The family looks like he just stepped off the spaceship.
If there's anybody out there wondering if the ship is landed.
Just take a look at Santorum's family.
The best talent today is Neil Rogers for Chorä¸.
The best talent is the canyon for the morning show.
Chuck North doing this.
Chuck, when you watch some of these Hollywood guys doing this,
doing this, you know,
do you as the real deal?
Do you see that stuff in your head?
Is it make you crazy?
Well, I don't know who you're talking to.
Yeah!
I don't know who you're talking to.
You know, I mean a lot of Jackie Chan's a good friend of mine.
You know, Jet Lee and a lot of Marloujette guys, you know.
Yeah, and a lot of Martin, aren't they?
Well, I'm not going to bring that up.
We gave 7 to 10.
4-3-0-5-16.
Q-A-M.
Tonight on Fox.
Lock up the bagels and cream cheese and prepare for a wild ride
when Fox presents When Juze Attack.
Sponsored by the committee to elect George W. Bush and by KFC,
where you can get the new GOP bucket.
The GOP bucket is all white meat, right wings, and only 29.95.
When Juze Attack.
Tonight on Fox.
Making peace, hard to grow, don't take jail rules.
So I'm from me.
How about two counts up a gallery of meat?
We were the phrase that you still need to choose,
cause making peace is hard to grow.
I know that we used to fight.
My little gunman, the memorial of Dite,
what you are worth is just what you do.
How about the waste bank and God's help?
It's through your nose and we don't want more budget.
My only people is to address my head.
Here, this is all that you've got.
I will play that my dentist and once and that.
I will never die, do we forget this bond?
Both I was shaking hands with lame goons down.
Let's get up baby, get out of the body with you.
Cause making peace is hard to grow.
I can't beat Polk your schmuck.
But it's on sale.
Twenty past noon at 560 W.D.Q.
I'm happy Thursday to your mad dog at two,
then the big power hour of four to five.
Everybody in town is talking about that power hour
with the water cooler, aren't they?
Humper and a mad dog between four and five together in stereo,
then the Humper solo between five and seven.
And then you have that hurricane crap.
Any 10 o'clock tonight.
Campbell News Network MSNBC is reporting
the senator George McCockelwith Allen is set to concede his race
for re-election at three o'clock this afternoon.
And we would give Democrats official controllability a Senate.
And come and Republican Senator Conrad Burns is likely barred
by my candle law from requesting a week on.
But he has yet to concede because he's a hard ass.
Never lose.
He's out.
He's out.
McCockelwith is out.
It's an undil.
Oh no.
Conrad CBS Newsman Ed Bradley is out of leukemia.
Oh no.
How do you like that?
Watching that, no?
For quite some time.
And Ed Bradley, though, such a dedicated journalist,
a started his career in radio,
made a name for himself in Vietnam as so many
this early generation of journalists really has won a lifetime
achievement.
Emmy did a report for 60 minutes on on brain cancer patients
called a new lease on life.
He did another hour on 60 minutes two about the sexual abuse
in the Catholic Church.
There was not a story that Ed Bradley would not pursue with
with with with with.
With the figure why he's dead now, Ed Bradley,
from a 60 minutes and CBS news.
Good.
The journalist John Bolton's troubled nomination
in the US ambassador to the UN is going nowhere.
A key Democratic senator said today after the party scored
those big-term victories in middle elections,
whatever I just said.
She'll buy the Delaware's expected to share the
Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
And I never saw any real enthusiasm for Bolton's nomination
on the Republican side to begin with said what's his name?
Biden.
There's none on our side and I think John Bolton is going nowhere.
He said maybe back home for a little trim of his mustache.
Mr. Bolton, the controversial former Undersecretary of
the Charger of Non-Proliferation was nominated by President
George W. Bush to be UN envoy March 2005.
But after his confirmation was blocked in the Republican
law Senate, Bush made a recess appointment which will last
until the new Congress convenes in January.
After Tuesday's election's Democrats not control the House
and the Senate, before voters cast their ballots that was
talk about the recent meeting bolded nomination,
guess what?
It's dead as a door now.
Another piece of good news.
What's this fact?
It says, spent part of the summer at the Jersey Shore and
heard Johnny Dark on WJRC, 100.1 in Times River, New
Jersey.
How do you like that?
Johnny Dark, our good old buddy is back in Jersey, a
Max Maiden Heaven.
You know Johnny Dark?
Johnny Dark!
All right, could play the other one.
Johnny Dark, yes.
Yeah, whole.
But anyway, let's see.
Here are some other names from Trenton.
Very Cohn.
What does this mean?
Oh, I see a case here on a quiz show.
Some other names from Trenton.
Oh, people from Trenton, Judith Light, Richie Kohl,
John Stewart, Ernie Kovacs, Tom Hivone, owner of the
Apparitan for Lauderdale.
So, it's in back and it's Shulas on the Beach and for Lauderdale.
What does this mean?
I'm back at Shulas on the Beach and for Lauderdale.
Friday and Saturday, 7-1, Billy Frederick.
Oh, Billy, that's the piano man.
He's plugging himself.
Well, that was obvious.
That became, I thought this was somebody who was like a buddy of ours
that you know him.
I don't know if I've met him and I'd come to an appearance.
He's the piano man.
And as he know Billy Joel, I hope not to be a year.
If he knows Billy Joel, I'll tell you what that is.
I can't remember my hair.
And that's something.
I'm back.
Like, who cares?
Okay, go get a billboard.
We don't get any promotion here on this radio stage.
We don't even have any guy out there with a sandwich board.
I'm linking to Old Mall.
Much less anything important, you know.
Any real promotion?
A known on-sense Cape Cod judge through the book of the college
kid for wearing shirts in his courtroom during the high-profile
Worthington murder trial.
Look, locking the sloppy student up with the accused killer.
This is from the Aboston Herald.
Just in case you were writing it down on your wrist.
The Cape Cod's committee college student whose name has not been
released was tossed into a cell with Christopher McCallan.
A garbage collector on trial for the 2002 slaying a fashion writer
Chris the Worthington.
Barnes to Bill, Superior Court Judge Gary.
Don't you love those new England names?
Barnes to Bill.
I'll take one.
Superior Court Judge Gary Nickerson had court officers lock up the student
after he was told to leave the courtroom for wearing shirts
that he wouldn't leave.
Kind of a punk was in a courtroom where there were shorts on.
Stupid punk.
A co-in-a report in the Massachusetts Lawyers' Wicked
of the Student of Place into a holding area with McCallan,
which charged with stabbing Worthington and her true role home.
The student reportedly was at the court house on a class assignment
to watch the explosive throng which is prompted by the immediate circus.
Barnes to Bill Superior Court clerk Scott Nickerson was not related
with the judge.
Confirm the student was detained but said he wasn't formally charged
with contempt.
Scott Nickerson to climb count.
I'm not going to comment.
I'm why the individual was said.
He said, Judge Nickerson could be reached for comment.
One court outsourced that Nickerson as a reputation as a tough but fair judge
who demands the proper retirement court room.
He'll tell people, this isn't Fenway Park.
Go tuck in your shirt.
He's also been known to chance-times people for public displays of affection
in the court house.
Especially if they get a little bit too carried away.
Maybe he needs that pump from that other judge.
You know what I'm talking about?
Old, old, damn leka.
I do.
Right up in the room there.
So Ed Bradley is there.
There's some bad news for us.
Good news.
The election's over and we got the Makako is going to concede
the three of the bad news.
And he attended those interests just as diligently as he did is
or at least for 60 minutes.
Ed Bradley said, what?
That's going to be bad.
Somebody got some!
Oh jeez, that would have been really bad.
Yeah.
That would have been a mistake on your part.
The biggest name.
Some best talents to this is real Rochester's 4th radio 560.
The issue 8M.
They're beautiful.
Mel Gibson surrounded by questions about alcohol and anger.
But also questions about anti-symmetism and the words that
incited outrage after an explosive public drama.
We interviewed Mel Gibson at his office.
Tell me back to that moment as you remember it.
Okay.
Were you drinking from the open bottle of tequila in the car?
Yes.
I had a couple of slugs.
Do you know how many?
Twenty.
I read to him the officers account.
Are the words he used that night?
Explicit Jews.
And the Jews are responsible for all the wars in the world.
Yeah.
I do not believe tequila can turn an unbiased person into a raging anti-symmet.
Look, let me be real clear here in sobriety sitting here in front of you national television.
That I believe that Jews are responsible for all the wars in the world.
He's still blaming the Jews.
Absolutely.
I hate you and I want you to die.
Coming up.
Couple of friends.
What was the matter?
Alcohol.
Oh yeah.
I have to get loaded again.
Well, 32 Israel credits the human race that Mel Gibson.
Governor of a Charlie Christ, yay.
A poll today transition team yesterday to pay the wait toward a genuine
where the second inauguration and the dozens of key appointments will have to make as the new governor.
I can't wait to see the follow-up article in the Abraward to Palm Beach New Times about Charlie Christ.
Can you wait?
I can't wait, but we will.
We're going to be my partisan said Charlie.
We're going to do what is right.
Chris said it is first news conference since the pink Democrats him day was on Tuesday.
Maybe we can't get him Davis to win, but how about if we bring back Bush Davis?
I am so sick and tired of the sports nerds in our station,
including my good coach, personal friends, with his obsession with Bush Davis.
Bring back Bush Davis.
What a Yahoo! He is, man.
I don't care. He won 85 of a bull games.
Okay.
He sends me right to the bull, Bush Davis.
You know what I'm saying, Josh?
I know what you're saying.
That's all they talk about in this station.
You know, you got to bring back Bush Davis.
Get rid of that old Larry co-cad.
He's an old funny, don't he?
They lost three games this weekend.
They'll be four already.
Or they lose four.
Yeah, they lost four.
They are five and four?
That's correct.
The Mimey Hurricane football team has lost four games.
How do you like that?
Anyway, it's just so pathetic.
It's important that we have a bipartisan Chris said,
Floor needs to come together.
Oh, I got a line for that.
I'll do everything to work for all parties.
All of theologies.
We're going to work hard and we started already, said.
Members of the transition team will have to meet strict ethical guidelines
and appointments to the administration will be based on integrity, diversity,
perversity, competence, and a shared vision.
Said, Roberto Martinez was named Chairman of the team.
Another guy who's named with a name ends in Z.
Martinez, a cruel giver's lawyer, headed Chris transition team.
When Chris was elected Attorney General in 2002,
Kathleen Shanahan, a veteran of national and state politics,
including the name Stint as Governor Jeb Bush's chief of staff,
was named Vice Chairman.
She's in charge of vice.
George Lemieux, described by Chris as the maestro of his campaign,
was named Executive Director of the transition.
Chris Keiss, Chris former sole solicitor general,
is the Deputy Executive Director,
I wonder who he'll be soliciting.
While Chris was naming his transition team,
Davis was closing his campaign.
That's sad.
Oh.
Davis spoke to reporters Wednesday outside his campaign,
headquarters of one story building in a rundown,
Tampa neighborhood, as some of his campaign staff exchange,
Mel and Colley Huggs.
I'm very proud of the race we ran.
He said we overcame an insurmountable odds in this race.
We were outspent by over $30 million.
$30 million?
Despite that, we finished with just a seven point margin.
We won the Hispanic vote here in Florida.
The first time a statewide Democratic candidate
had done that since Bill Clinton.
I didn't know that to you.
They won the Hispanic vote.
How do you like that?
I do.
There's hope.
Davis did not rule out a future run for office.
After I get things settled at home,
I'll have some time to think about my future recent.
There'll be another day for the state
and maybe another day for me too.
Meanwhile, Chris was deep into meetings yesterday,
planning his move into the governor's office.
I wonder if he's going to move his boyfriends in there.
He had telephone conversations with that ass governor Bush
and Senate President Desinay Ken Pruitt
and was expecting to talk to us because he does
against Marco Rubio later in the day.
Oh boy.
What a...
So they're making quite a few here, but Ed Bradley done it.
He really has accomplished a lot.
And, you know, he could be controversial
and he could be difficult as a television star, as it tend to be,
and he could be confrontational when he needed to be
but what a body of work.
It is remarkable.
And then how a trick said, Ed Bradley, what a body.
Oh boy.
That's how he curts.
What a check-ass.
Ian Williams writes, Bush Crowney,
they had UN food program.
How do you like that?
It's the Vicozon, gee.
What a shock.
As Americans voted Tuesday,
and what made well have been a referendum
on Bush administration policies in the home
and abroad, US ambassador John Bolton once again
reached UN Protocol in New York this time.
I prematurely announced the appointment
of former Washington Times editor Joseph Scheiner
to head the world food program.
I wonder if she's kind of like her Herb Schreiner or Scheiner.
Scheiner currently undersecretary state-free economic business
and agricultural affairs is tasked with pushing American business interests
to broad.
A long time member of the Washington Times owner,
Sunmeer Moon's Unification Church,
Scheiner left the paper in 97 on the Church in 96,
a moonie.
The Bush administration's practice
of favoring of ideological and dynastic loyalty
over competence was responsible for femus ofism
and performance during Hurricane Katrina,
with Scheiner's appointment to make well-contributed
to similar debacles worldwide.
Scheiner's main qualification for the Bush Appoint was the many years she spent
ensuring that Moon's Washington Times
flew the flag for the most edivistic brands
that conserved as the Mennonations Capital,
the other main candidate for the position
of another American,
the experienced and competent Tony Bambury,
head of WFP and Asia.
Well, experience and competent don't cut it with this crowd.
Americans have long regard to the world food program as their own
and with some justification,
it was conceptualized by the Eisenhower administration in 1960,
and lost in 1962 as a means of recycling American agricultural surpluses,
and because the Kennedy administration was at loggerheads with Dr. Vene Ranjan Sen,
then director of the Food and Agricultural Organization.
The WFP has done some good work regardless of the myriad altruism of its origins,
but I'll expand another critics of a very serious questions about the economic effects
on local agricultural viability of throwing free subsidized U.S. food surpluses
into countries.
Those questions are likely to remain unanswered as Scheiner advances the interest of U.S. Agribusiness.
I think she ought to get a Scheiner.
Anyway, Warcrony is the more the same BS, as if.
He's going to change something,
going to change with this crowd.
They're a bunch of crooks, man.
Now they realize the clock is running.
They've got only two years left to grab as much as they can.
They're going to be gravitate and grubbing it and squeezing it.
You know what I'm saying? That's right.
1360 votes on the poll.
I think we had a real heavy shot at 14 today.
I'm not going through that 1,500 crap again.
It's just too much stress, too much pressure.
Don't you think? Absolutely.
Too much stress. Absolutely.
And too much freaking pressure.
That's the last thing an old daughter in fact, like me,
especially when her blood sugar is too high.
Anyone who knows why it's too high?
I'm not going to tell you.
Not that ice cream.
I didn't have any ice cream, my eyes.
I didn't have some of that at the low carb pasta though.
And then I had, you see, what I've discovered is that stuff is very good
and it's not really, really bad on your blood sugar.
It's not good, but it's not that bad.
But then what it does is stimulates my appetite for candy.
Oh boy. For sugar.
What? Candy.
Candy one.
Candy kills.
I just had two Hershey's bars with nuts, too.
Yeah.
Those real skinny ones.
You know those real skin type rappers that ran into wins, you know?
It wasn't a good idea. Not a good idea.
I need to add better stuff there.
If you're going to cheat, don't be doing it like close to bedtime.
Like a couple hours before you go to sleep.
Because then your blood sugar is, what?
Sky rock is making its way up there zooming up there.
And then you wake up in the morning and you're like, you're like that other time, remember that?
No, it wasn't working then back then.
It's during a stroke day?
Yeah.
No. I mean, I was at the station, but I was not working out with you on the show.
I'm sitting there and I'm doing my show. I did a four hour show after I'd had a stroke in my sleep.
And leave it to I.O.D. man. Leave it to these grave robbers and these stations.
They don't care.
It's in there slurring my words, you're a moron.
Usually I'm like, my jaw is where my ass is supposed to be.
And like, hey, they are. They're gone.
Ah, he's really funny.
Like that.
And then probably your buddy Marvin was working back in that day.
When you think?
Either he or Nick?
Well, either one of them is, well, just the aroma from Nick would be enough to make me swoon.
I'll tell you that right now.
He did not even pleasant aroma.
In fact, could put you in a coma or a coma or a coma or a coma or a coma.
Until one at QIM.
The biggest name, so best talent for this is Neil Rogers, 4th radio 560.
Kicking his ass and then I'll steal his two-pie.
Did you see all ratings for the last book?
Yeah, I know it's more stunning.
Sure, good afternoon, yes.
What you're back?
Well, you won't wait for no more.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
What you're back?
Well, you won't wait for no more.
I got it, I got it.
I got to think about it.
I got it right there.
And I don't need a rating that's a minus eight.
Don't care what you do, I'm gonna understand.
You got to wait a little harder on the guest you love.
A roasted custer goat.
There's a lot of fat producers you know.
That's right, watch your back.
That's right.
Well, you won't wait for no more.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
What you're back?
That's right.
Well, you won't wait for no more.
Oh, brother, oh, that's brother, I don't understand.
Now you can meet from a drop while you're in both ends.
That's it, that's what you made a rating score.
You just clicked in it all your fault.
And it's written your badass out.
You're going to meet the food out of your mouth.
That's right, watch your back.
That's right, watch your back.
Okay, watch your back, watch your back.
Oh, you won't wait for theKA Heè¢« you.
Does it what we said?
Yes, it does, Exact, of course.
Go, go, go, go.
Oh, watch your back.
Watch your back.
You won't wait forÐšE
L MsE
Come for 46 at 5.60.
By the way, if you missed our morning show Wasser then your.
morning we're sorry that you missed it although the good news for you is you missed that.
Did we ever find out why he was on there this morning?
No.
Why don't you say it that way?
You're supposed to be on top of these things.
Especially if you're going to be having lunch with Joe Bell today and be jumping up and
down on the table in the restaurant and carrying a grumpy skillskin and demanding all sorts
of things like a lot more money for you and Josh.
Right.
And those of you anyway.
He ain't going to demand any more money for you Josh don't expect him to go to bed for
you.
Right.
I give you a good example.
10 times I've asked this man 10 times if I've asked you once I've asked you 100 and of
course you're on vacation now we see you don't care about Thanksgiving.
I have to ask Christmas that's what the conversation that we had the last time we talked about
Thanksgiving.
Well we didn't talk about Christmas we got taken care of we got that late something I
hope we do because I'm not going to be there.
It's not going to be here.
But Thanksgiving you know in current minds we're like to know what the idea was that day we
have a ball game of some kind we have some craft that going to put on what is going to
happen on this air between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. on Thursday, December 20th, November,
whatever it is 23rd to weeks from today.
Okay.
Is that Thanksgiving?
What kind of calendar make sure it's the right thing?
It's your week from today.
Okay.
I mean I think probably Josh would like to know if he's supposed to report for duty that
day when you like to know Josh.
Well I'm not coming in but yeah.
There you have it.
Well guess what neither of mine.
I'll be like that.
I'll be a little punk.
Like a little punk like you can say that then I'm sure it's not going to be here but
George is on vacation.
So in other words just just make sure you pass that along.
I will Thursday November 23rd is Thanksgiving and then make sure they put some crap on
there like the best of a guilty would be.
So anyway here's a more of the story that's really not that much more to say.
Ed Bradley, the veteran 60 minutes course fun and one of the pioneering Black Journalist
of his generation died of leukemia the day he was 65.
Bradley would one 19 Emmy Awards covered an incredible array of stories after joining
the CBS News Magazine in 1981 from brain cancer to sexual abuse and the Catholic Church
to the high school shootings at Columbine.
He also reported a number of award winning documentaries covered political conventions
and filled in on the CBS evening news other programs.
Bradley remained active on 60 minutes but he had been ill for some time and underwent
heart surgery about a year ago.
He was this general giant said Bob she for CBS's old funny and cheap Washington correspondent
and close friend he just did so much for many of so many African American kids he was
a great role model.
Ed Bradley's dead at 65 leukemia okay.
Rumsfeld's out.
Now why couldn't Rumsfeld be dead and Bradley still alive see if there was a God that's
the way it would work.
No you think?
Well he's a cruel God you know.
Yeah and he works in mysterious ways.
1379 votes on that pool.
I guarantee if Josh would have really gotten behind us today really giving the big push
we made 15 again but we don't want to do that.
Do we?
Well whatever we get we get you know we'll be very happy we're easy to please today right
that's true.
Especially when you got a lot ice cream and weavers coming in tomorrow those four longs
those big giant weavers.
One of the main architect of the Israeli weapons industry last night called on this
government to end the tactic of our Tilbury bombardment of the Gaza strip after a volley
of Aaron shells rain on civilian homes killing 19 Palestinians oops oops arms experts
Bonan Zeeve called the weapon systems too inaccurate to expect no civilian casualties.
The 15 minute Israeli cannon barrage over the heart hit northern Gaza town of Bait
Hanun killed 16 members of a single Palestinian family including eight children ages four
to 17 and seven women.
Several of the victims were killed in their sleep in the first of these shells blasted
into two houses belonging to the same family.
The rest were cut down by Schrapnell from 11 additional shell strikes after rushing outside
to escape the early morning bombardment which gave up just hours after the Israeli defense
force announced it was withdrawing from the B.C. town after a week long hunt for Palestinian
rocket launch crews oops oops Israeli leaders expressed regret and lost an immediate investigation
in the circumstances of the attack which injured 53 Palestinians making it the worst single
day tragedy of its kind in four years.
Palestinian leaders declared a three day strike of mourning amid a rise of revenge for militant
leaders in Gaza the West Bank and Damascus.
The bloody scene at Bait Hanun was the early reminiscent of the explosion last June that
killed eight members of a Palestinian family enjoying a picnic on a Gaza beach and
event that soon spiraled into tit for tat kidnapings and cattle attacks that culminated eventually
in Israel's war with the lesbianies militant group has been lost.
Tit for tat.
A probe of the beach blast here the Israeli army of any wrong doing including a Palestinian
plan that explosive was the likely cause.
A mid-wide spread international condemnation yesterday military officials appeared to acknowledge
responsibility for the showing which they described as preventive fire intended to strike
a suspected Palestinian rocket launch some 500 meters from the town oops bad aim.
Anyway it goes on alive not out of one it's just too depressing.
HS goes on on how's that piece process going by the way there's another tremendous accomplishment
of the Bush administration these almost six years now what a tremendous job they're
doing pieces in our hand and then of course when we fought out that Henry Kissinger and his
fat nose stuck in the middle of all this that was enough to really give her the gas.
Triumph and U.S. congressional democratically this began to flex their new political muscle
yesterday by urging president Bush to host a bipartisan summit on the Iraq war and find
common ground with them on such domestic issues as education and health care.
House democratically to Nancy Pelosi and Senate democratically to the KOMA-TOS-HEN-HERRY
Reed said the American people voted for change in Tuesday's elections.
I hope that he will listen to Pelosi Senate news conference after receiving a congratulatory
telephone call from Bush he there haven't launched right now as a matter of fact.
I mentioned their lunch is more exquisite more expensive and more delicious than yours is
going to be.
Probably.
I told him last night when I said that I look forward to working in a bipartisan way
with him said Nancy that the success of the president's always good for the country
often we could work together for the American people.
Reed said it's time to put partisanship aside and find a new way forward at home and
in Iraq.
And they talk all this crap about partisanship putting it aside but it'll be put it
all the other crap.
But in the meantime we got the presidential election on everybody's mind right now even though
we just finished up with the other one.
In case you join us late, Makako is going to concede a three this afternoon.
1390 man I don't know any station 1390 I'm but I remember 1360 WKAT and I wonder how
my old buddy Sid Levin's doing.
Happy Isha' Ruiz said whatever it's coming up happy self-hustura 1392 100 years before
Chris Columbus said sale.
I mean into the Pintan the Sinta Marinta.
Speaking of that the San Francisco 49ers ended negotiations with the city about building
a new stadium and planned to move.
If you had a team like that you probably invite them to move.
Wouldn't you, Josh?
They stink.
Either the Santa Clara or somewhere else in California the AP were in last night.
Owner John New York notified Mayor Gavin Newsom of the team's decision earlier in the
day.
Team Spurlsman Aaron Salkin declined to comment last night.
Messages he can comment were left on the office and cell phone of Lisa Lang.
The 49ers vice president for communications.
I wonder if Lisa's came to Mike Lang.
Besides it's been talking over the last few months about building a privately financed
stadium at Candlestick Point.
It was going to be part of the city's bid for the 2016 Summer Olympics.
We're going to not know how the 49ers decision would impact the Olympic bid.
San Francisco LA and Chicago are the three cities competing to be the US Olympic Committee
choice to bid on the 2016 games.
But the 49ers going to be moving up the road down the road out in the ocean somewhere.
Nobody wants no part of them no more and who can blame them or how the mighty have fallen
since those glory days of Joe Montana and Steve Young.
Right?
Bill Walsh?
How the mighty have fallen.
Take a look at this radio station for example.
I'm talking about George.
No.
How the once mighty have fallen.
You might tell that to Joe Bell in the middle of your lunch.
He'll probably slap you in the face and walk out.
Well what was it when the station was mighty?
How long ago was that?
Was what?
My team.
Once upon a time in America.
Oh yeah.
It had the little dog on the morning.
We had the mo on in the early morning.
We were still sleeping.
And then we had little dog.
I think back in the spring of like what two and a half years ago.
Spring to an half years ago.
We were still mighty.
And now we're like more like mighty mouse.
Did any other kids read mighty mouse?
It was that the only one.
Everybody liked Mickey Mouse.
So I checked it out.
I like mighty mouse.
Mickey Mouse sucked.
Well I don't want a good personal now.
Mickey Mouse was never thought.
That sounds like something that has to do with like Disney World.
Oh I sure.
You know?
Because I'm sure there's plenty of that going on now.
I'm sure there's plenty of that going on now.
I wasn't mighty mouse yellow.
His outfit was but he was black.
Well I don't want to give it to his racial background.
I'm talking about his outfit.
More yellow outfit might be as he did.
And what do you do?
Do you like a crime fighting mouse?
I don't remember.
All the time.
Fighting crime.
Like I don't know.
How do I spread her man?
Only like, you know.
13 every 96.
We're going to have 14 hundred votes
by the top of the air by one o'clock in the morning.
Boy are we proud of that.
I think we ought to go from 15.
What do you say boys?
Not.
Why the hell not?
No comment.
Just mom.
Whatever.
Dumb and mum and clumb.
Well maybe we could have lunch at Lums.
Hey, there you go.
Those hot dogs soaked in beer.
And that one he used to cook that out of the weeners in beer at Lums.
I remember the Lums burgers.
No the Ali burgers.
Whatever they were.
You better get it right.
You know, sure don't know your Lums.
It was a long time ago.
It was.
I like wags.
I know there's more of that old stuff.
See these talks today they're thinking, what's all of these guys talking about?
I bet your adults hasn't been around for many years now either.
Hasn't.
No.
I like dolls.
I'll say it again.
They even used to not only they put cheese on every item on the menu, on the food items,
there was cheese on your seat and cheese on the check and cheese on your.
Backed out when you walked out.
That's because it was on the seat again.
Dolls.
Those are the days baby.
Lots and lots of good places.
And not that there aren't a few good places now.
But 12.56 at 5.60 W.N.C.Y.
And if you're expecting guests this holiday season, then it's a great and a smart time
to call dial on my first.
Just make them one easy call.
They'll take care of your problems.
1-800 Mac for us.
Plus, it's dial on Mac for us is 30th birthday.
And the celebrate dial on Mac for us and Simmons are offering you the lowest price of the
year on the best selling Simmons VD Rest Pillow Top.
You can choose from South Florida's biggest selection of Simmons VD Rest with same-day delivery
like always.
I've been using dial on Mac for years and I would never ever recommend buying them
at any other way.
Just make them one easy call.
I have 1-800 Mac for us and get yourself factory direct prices in the world winning
service with no nonsense.
And an unbeatable delivery deal and nobody in the world will think of matching.
With dial on Mac for us, you just choose the date and time for delivery and they show
up when you want them to.
Any day of the week, seven days from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.
Even the same day that you call, just give them to our window so you don't have to sit
on your ass all day long hoping somebody might show up.
Dial on Mac for us reading the livers.
That's why they rank number one of the world's customer satisfaction and why everybody
at QM uses dial on Mac for us.
On the web, give them a look at macrars.com or make that one easy call.
1-800 Mac for us.
1-800 MATTRES.
Leave off that last S because it stands for sensational stew pendants saving.
The biggest name of the best talent in this is wheel roger sports radio 560.
Not just the 1-2 hour, it's a phenomenon for its radio 560 QAO.
Oh, that was quite a game last weekend.
No, we are given 100 percent and we are a steeper momentum fast when they even win the
next one.
That would be nice to win a game once in a while.
Then we'll be blessed down here, right?
You know, there was a time in radio and sports was relegated to just a minute or so to
5 or 6 o'clock news.
You know, like the weather report.
Yeah, we're out of the company to use the idle radio.
Well, that was back in the day.
Radio stations were format as to entertain an audience.
I would know about that.
Yeah, and neither do we.
But in terms of sports, I mean, now we're blessed.
Yes, very blessed.
So that was the kids.
I got the kids that are where else.
Oh, that's right.
Sorry.
If I do, the business haven't told me.
Hey, listen, I got to use this oil for a minute.
You mind holding on?
No, not at all.
Thanks.
You're what we call in the business, a hold-over.
Yeah, I guess hold-over.
So you won't mind if I answer.
Okay, I'll be right back.
We'll be back with more of the Neil Roger Show after part two of our sport homo rejoin
on 560 to 8 o'clock.
Still there?
You know, outside of sports, there's really nothing else going on.
Yeah, I mean, no.
Nothing else exists outside of sports.
I mean, nothing.
Nothing else should be of any concern.
Yeah.
Could come be here inside our little box.
Yeah, but I have to repeat.
I still have my terrible supporters.
Well, that's just a girl.
Actually, she's a white lady now.
We really can't talk about that.
But I can have the same stuff.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So what do you eat this morning?
How does that feel from a coffee?
Oh, how do you like your coffee?
Little show, little cream.
You know, I got a little cream in your coffee, huh?
Tea.
That's a sports lab.
Oh, that's the way we done.
So the hall.
Yeah.
Oh, I should get this.
Show for a minute.
Hold on a second, okay?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Let me back with more of the non-radiation after part three of our sport homo knee joint.
On sport-ho-radio, 560.
You ate it.
Okay.
No problem, folks.
Okay.
No problem, folks.
Yeah.
When you say the word coach, you just can't say coach, right?
Yeah.
We say coach.
That's dignity and reference.
Good.
Cool.
Cool.
Cool.
Cool.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I like some gay coach, be a fire the physician.
Yes, it's right.
Cause lights are all about the games, right?
It's all in the game.
I want to kiss.
Yes.
Your lips.
No.
And I want to caress your fingertips.
Yeah.
You fail.
And our hearts will fly away.
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la.
Okay.
So that's just a pleasure reminder for Georgia when he has his lunch with Joe Bell today.
Tom, I cut the crap, but he's long ridiculous rejoins.
It's the first item on the agenda.
Good.
Not just shorten them, just get rid of them.
You know?
Do like a three-second like any real radio station.
Catch the mad dogs, your mad is two to four this afternoon.
A weekdays, you know, QM.
That's it.
Five seconds plan cause all we need.
Right.
Anyway, getting back to Ed Bradley, which by the way, CNN is just like,
foaming at the mouth of his, Ed Bradley died.
He was 65 year leukemia, doubted my sign in New York.
And I hope at the end he knows that.
I really hope he knew that.
He knew that.
And anyway, let's see.
He covered the Paris peace talks for CBS News in 72 transfer to Sargada,
cover the word Vietnam.
He spent time in Phnom Penh covering the war in Cambodia.
You know, there was always quite a kind of reason about that,
about how you pronounce that, non-pan or Phnom Penh.
But anyway, it was Phnom Penh.
Just a P-P-P-P-P-P.
While covering the war, he was injured by a mortar round.
He had trapped no wounds to his back and arm.
I bet you know that.
I didn't.
In 1974, Bradley moved to Washington, D.C.
He covered the Carter campaign in 76.
Where's the important part here?
Oh, here it is.
In 81 he joined the staff in 60 minutes when Dan Radho left
to replace Walter Cronkite as the anchor of the CBS News.
He was the first and today only male correspondent to regularly
wear an earring on the 60-minute show.
He had his left ear, there were a lot of rumors about it.
He left his left ear, pierced in 1986,
and says he was inspired to do it after receiving encouragement
from somebody following an interview.
I don't want to tell you her name right now,
but I'll give you some clues, okay?
Narotic, can't sing.
Barbarino.
Narotic.
Barbarino.
Barbarino.
Barbarino.
Barbarino.
Could sing.
Oh, Judy Garland.
Liza Manon.
Very good.
See, it didn't take too many hints there.
Too many clues.
Just a bag hack, I would have got it right away.
Now you would have said, the list there is.
There you are.
Or Lynn Samuels.
1415 votes on the pool.
I think we got a real serious heavy duty shot of 15 hundred votes.
Two days in a row on a show.
That would be unbelievable, man.
That would be something you can talk to Joe about.
And be sure and tell him that,
just so that we're getting a real spike on there in the midday
on the QA website.
A lot of people listening online, even on that website.
Forget about the zidians who are listening on theoragers.com.
Or at least over a thousand every day.
You know we had over 13 hundred yesterday?
That may not sound like all that much,
especially when you consider that some of the people
even in South Florida listen online,
because their radio reception inside,
like if they were in a building, it sucks.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
So thank God that we're streamin' it.
That's what I'm saying.
Keep streamin' it.
And of course every time I say that,
then within minutes we have technical problems
and the thing goes down.
You know, that's the way it works.
That's the way it is when the engineering department hates your show.
You know, and other people in the building.
So I looked at the CVS website figure and I would get,
yeah, I wanted to see what they were sayin' about it.
Bradley Dineson, he worked for them for about a hundred years.
And I found nothing.
I found something but not connected with Bradley.
Don't you find that a little bit unacceptable?
Okay.
Well, let me just do CVS news.
One moment please.
I mean, I just, I can't believe that.
I just find it for an interesting story about CBS
is hunting for the next U.
That's kind of an interesting story which I'll get to in a minute.
But let me just see.
CBS News, Breaking News headlines from my video,
from CBS News, I'm clicking on it.
Oh, server couldn't be found. Try again.
I don't wanna try again.
I want it now.
You idiots.
Jesus.
God almighty.
You and you want it in a wide, don't you?
Why?
Probably everybody in the world is looking at that.
Look at it.
Oh, here it is.
Finally, the second story.
New CVS Doctor show, three pounds weighs in.
That's their lead story.
That goes to show you.
After all those years of working us ass off on all those stories
and risking his life in Vietnam and Iraq and everywhere.
And this is what Bradley gets is like a,
the second story underneath some stupid ass show.
And it's like about, it's a short story.
Oh, there's Jim Webb, the next descendant of from Virginia.
34 love talent, each and reported back to the States.
The results of their cameras.
And Jim Webb's lead in this race has grown to 8,805.
So because the margin is so wide,
Republican source is close to Georgia.
I think it will Republican leaders in the campaign in the EU Congress
have recommended to him that perhaps this is the time to concede.
You're on the Tom McCockelwoods.
Okay, you're done.
You're finished.
You've had it.
Okay, go ahead and screen the N word all up and down the hood.
CBS is looking to buy the next EU.
Just where it's sight that'll be is the billion dollar question
the frontrunners could be blinks,
which those six million hours of video,
blipTV, blip.tv, or VHO.
Also there's a startup called the Venice Project,
which could launch before the end of this year.
Do you realize we've only, well, I'm sure you do,
but I mean the average person out there doesn't stop and think about it.
We've only scratched the tip of the iceberg on the internet.
That's right.
Leslie Moon does some CBS chief executives says they have plans
to buy the next video sharing site.
They have hired investment banker Quincy Smith to find the next EU.
In an LA Times article, Smith said,
I appreciate the pressure the company's named in president
of their new interactive division.
And now that we have Josh's mother was head of the Beasley
interactive division, wow, God only knows what kind of crap we're going to come up with.
According to Times article CBS has three billion dollars to burn
to try to make a move on the digital media front.
They have three billion dollars to burn.
We like to burn some of that.
Georgia like to burn some of it is bomb, right?
Right now.
The bus surrounding the next trend in digital media is sites that will
team with legitimate media to create the next big video giant.
That making sense.
There's like a word missing and they're already expect from these people.
The days of video piracy are on their way out.
This commercialization of web video will be great for big business
but may not be so great for reviewers who don't want to watch more at ads.
Media companies like CBS are going to find internet assets that will be good for them
in long term as more and more advertising dollars are moving away from TV
and radio to the internet world.
The more valuable video sites will become.
And an interview with my kudak from blip.tv told web pro news that he saw video content
changing from what you do to more sites offering episodic original content
which is what blip.tv does now.
He didn't think any company out there want to go through the legal issue of copyright
infringement like Google's encountered with their purchase of you.
You know the reason I read that story is so I can play a lot because I saw that was in there.
Sure.
It was moderately interesting but it had a lot and the audience likes here in.
Tube.
I'm sure they do.
It's right up there now.
I like it.
1425 votes on the poll.
I think we got a real serious shot at the 1500 number today.
1427 and it's not really a very exciting poll.
How satisfied are you with the election results?
I'm ecstatic for it in 51.
I'm happy for 37.
I'm squeezing myself 326.
I don't care 105.
They still refuse to care.
I'm not happy 63.
I'm suicidal 29 and they're still voting on that.
Too bad they haven't blown their brains out yet.
That's why they don't have any.
And I hate this poll.
Only 16 only 1.1%.
Boy a 1.1 or some people will be dying to get to a 1.1.
You know what?
You're a bad.
I am so bad.
You know you're going to spare me to do that to say that.
You know when you're really hurt and when you're really trolling for an audience out there
and you want to build up some listenership and get some more to mouth promotion going and say,
hey that was really a great show.
You hear us so and so to and then you put it.
It was like shooting yourself in the foot and the ass.
Speaking of feet.
Treat your feet like they're a part of your body.
They're actually your feet are probably one of the most important parts of your body.
And Brandy's will take good care of your tussies.
They carry all the top brands in the shoe business.
For Shreim, Echo, Mephisto, Rockport, Hush, Poppies, new balance which I absolutely love.
Let me sit again.
Absolutely.
I love.
And tons of other name brands and all sizes for man and women.
And at Brandy's they even carry your wide wits and hard to find sizes if you've got really very bizarre feet.
And believe me, I'm sure a lot of you do.
Brandy's shoes is the largest independent shoe retailer in South Florida.
And when you see the selection and value you get at Brandy's and the great personal service they give you,
you'll understand why I've raved about them for years.
Go see our good buddy Arnie.
He'll make sure you get the right shoes for your feet at the right price every time.
Brandy's shoes are located at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pombo.
And we try between Atlantic and Copen's roads on the east side.
Can't miss it.
Open Monday through Saturday till 9 and even every Sunday till 5.
And this week is a stupendous a smart time to buy four shines at Brandy's.
Save 10 to 20 bucks a pair.
So be sure to get your butt into Brandy's this week or just do your shoe shopping right there on their website at Brandy's shoes.com.
The biggest name of best talent for the business real Rochester's 4th radio 560 UAM.
Only in the Banana Republic baby only in Miami.
Yes, but I'll come from all over you.
Are you sure you can use your new?
You want to have one clean on your way.
Every man is the right thing you.
That's just what I can't do.
And there is everything we do.
They only feel a little bit better that's good.
And there's the deal that's in the mall.
And it's got a nice of a way.
If you're out for all my dreams, there's a shot that's over there.
Welcome.
You want to have one clean on your way.
You think I'm the kind of one.
And you love what you're on your way.
You want to have one clean on your way.
If you're so far away from me,
Or break your neck and dream,
Be changed by a rabbit's gym that's made.
Be only good with that village there.
And maybe I'll have one.
Let me ask you this question.
Maybe I'm stupid.
I keep thinking of February,
dying at the track at Pompano Park.
What was that about a year ago?
They're about.
But when you die, and I've heard this,
and I really don't know,
I don't want to think too much about it.
Because it's not very serious.
I've heard the same thing.
Your body releases all of it.
You relax.
As they say.
So how can you have clean underwears?
That's a good point.
It's a good thing.
It's exactly what you'd expect.
20 past 1 at 560 WQAM,
1447 most.
We're going to make 15-hundred two days in a row.
How do you like that?
I've actually a people in a radio business from coast to coast
and pillar to coast all the way out to Hawaiian.
As far north as Alaska and the Ships and Sea
are going to be talking about this.
We'll be on the front page of the Washington Post
and the New York Times, the Accounting Table Daily Messenger.
You'll see.
And we've got more good news for a Conrad Burns has conceded.
It burns.
John Tessu, the Democratic Senator,
Relec claimed victory yesterday.
And now, I stand ready to help his Montana transitions
to a new U.S. Senator Burns,
and the state released to the Associated Press just short time ago.
We fought a good fight, and we just came up with it short.
Kind of like, well, how I was born.
We've had good 18 years, and I'm proud of my record this statement continued.
Burns isn't sure what his future plans are,
but the Aby ports that he and the Kidney
was looking forward to taking some time off.
I hope there's still a good-sized buck out there,
because I'm going hunting, Burns statement said.
Maybe you can go hunting with Dick Cheney.
That may be an idea.
You know what they say?
Turn around his spare plate.
That's what Peter Marshall uses to say in the Hollywood squares.
You still don't know who Peter Marshall is doing.
Yeah, maybe.
Well, there's John Bolton with that grotesque mustache.
The Democrat's in a bipartisan fashion.
He was insisting on...
Oh, look at that.
One house sends Bolton nomination to Senator Kimmy.
They're trying to jam it through there now, I guess, huh?
Wow.
At any rate.
1450, where we need 46 votes in...
What do we got?
28, 38 minutes.
That says there's barely more than one a minute.
Even some kind of a candy I show could do that.
Even a show that's got...
That on is a guess.
Get him out of there.
Get him out of there, man.
Well, he's off to Buffalo now.
The Panthers are going to get killed by the Sabers tomorrow night.
I need to say that, but just the Sabers are free-dem good team.
They're on fire.
Panthers, on the other hand, are like...
Hard to put a finger on it.
They are India's new tax collectors dancing and singing to the beat of drums about 20
unix in bright sorries begin going from a shop to shop, asking the owners to pay over
to municipal taxes in Patna, the capital of Bihar, one of India's most impoverished and
lawless states.
20 unix in bright sorries.
I'm sorry to hear that.
They were hired by Patna's municipal corporation yesterday after the disease, tax
arrears ran into the millions, said the municipal administrator, out to a prosad.
Revenue officials accompanied the unix with tax records to settle the outstanding arrears
on the spot.
Indian rulers once castrated boys to create unix to work in their heroms, but unix to
their generally males with partial generals or who up for castration because of strong
female feelings.
They often make a living on tips for dancing at weddings and blessing newborn babies, and
are believed to be stubborn and not take no for an answer.
Unix.
The new tax collector is met with the considerable success on the first day of the new job.
They collected 9,240 bucks a west from shop owners, sent Barat Sharma, a revenue officer.
We're confident that the reputation and persuasive skills will come in handy for the municipal
authorities to collect taxes from defaulters.
You go to the door and who's standing outside, a little door.
The unix are not given a salary and said we see 4% of the amount they collect from
defaulters.
Only 2,000 Patna nearly half-man in residence regularly paid property taxes and water
charges per side said.
Taxicalization has slept to 200 million rupees, 4.34 million a year from the anticipated
15.2 million.
The unix will be asked to collect outstanding taxes from private homes soon, and of
course if they fail to comply, somebody will probably finish the job on the partial unix.
What is the pissed off caveman?
He should have a rough life man, a caveman, he's always p.o. pissed off and turned up.
Too bad.
He's got a crappy altitude.
Although he did, you know, learn to stand upright in the Inventor wheel.
Was that good?
Sorry I couldn't get that to you.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
Exploding bomb.
Exploding bomb.
Exploding bomb.
zeigt
Here are the dozen tones of the men who brought you crunchic Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
