Why the youth first did?
I dreamy evening news, I do. On CBS most every night, but now they're striped because of a report I read.
The other night, my name is Dan Rather.
Somebody called me up and took my time. He said I've got some bird on my face.
And I said, finally, imagine how it's trying to change things in this fine way, because I'm Dan Rather.
I don't think that George was just telling the truth about his life.
When you watch me, I'll be providing the proof. He's telling the lies.
He invoices shit and what should be. No matter if those dark people are the reason.
Get one of us and gotta go. He didn't mean to me.
Because I'm Dan Rather. But some B.S. and Dan Rather.
Yes, I am Dan Rather.
The right way is in Rather. Because I'm Dan Rather.
Just ignore all their lies.
Because I'm Dan Rather.
What are you doing?
I know that 10.02.560 WDQM Happy Friday.
Last show in September.
That's exciting. It is.
You're just flying by before you know it's going to be election day.
Five and a half weeks.
You're excited about that?
You're going to have our first gay governor at least out of the closet.
How about that Mark Foley story?
We'll get to that in a little bit.
Good. That suspicious email.
There was 16 year old boy. Hey Mark, you know we're going to have problems already. Cut the crap.
You know you're right about this.
But it's a decent poll suggestion which I'm very profusely grateful.
But at the end of it it says for today's poll I nominate Walter Cronkite.
Walter is not a celebrity. He was a news guy.
We're trying not to go there.
Right. Well we already did that.
We've already been there. We already agreed that if you're a from Zionist then we'll split.
We're the most trusted.
Right?
Right.
Keep over met and Jack Cafferty I would say probably right.
Our most trusted news.
People time on the board.
I mean Walter is not working anymore last time I checked and he's making a lot of guest appearances with Larry.
Larry was non-last night. He had Brian C. Crest on there posting.
And the guest was Ashton Kuchikuchi Koo.
I guess it's just a coincidence that new movies coming out with very boring and terminally a ponderous Kevin Costner and Ashton Kuchikoo.
What's it called?
The Guardian.
Oh I got to miss that.
As far as today's poll is concerned I see there's one other vote for James Franco.
Leave him alone.
Okay. You got dibs. He's on the bottom.
I'm not sure what we could first have.
I got dibs right. Is that like fruit on the bottom yogurt?
Just relax. Are you starting in with him again?
Now you even see Tristan and Azul. You saw flybul.
Oh I think you wrote it down there. I'm going to get it.
I'll download it or something.
What? You'll steal it from an Isle D.
It's worth watching. You would like it. It's good.
It's got a sword in it right?
Yeah it's got a few swords. He had a sword.
I can't figure out though who the hell the actor was that played his step brother.
Who looked damn near as good as he did. I can't find a...
I'm looking at the cast there on IMDB and I just... I can't figure it out.
And the problem being who knows the names of all those medieval brits and Irishmen who can figure out those names.
I mean like how many people do you know named Tristan? I mean Tristan.
Right?
None. Anymore.
And Azul?
Yeah. He used to hear it a lot but not anymore.
What is old?
Yeah when I was in Florida he used to hear that all the time.
Anyway here's our poll from yesterday.
1848 people checked in on this deal. Have you ever had a homosexual experience?
Now let's see the first time we did this we had 900 in some odd.
So we had like twice the votes.
Twice the people check in.
Which means we've got double the audience Joel.
Anybody believe in that?
No.
Oh sounds good though, doesn't it?
Where the hell is it?
Right here. Where do you get most of your news?
I shouldn't be saving these old polls should I?
Oh here it is.
The first time we did this home of poll.
We had 947 votes system. We got 1848.
Damn near double.
How do you like that?
Absolutely not. 591.
Now the first time we did this, 548.
But the interesting thing is, well the first time we didn't have no...
You failed.
...that on there.
So if you put those two together in our current poll you got about 63%
57.8% the first time said absolutely not.
You faggot, you muddy cone, you bullock on you.
So that's not that far apart the percentages.
Now the current poll a few.
Done it a few times, 201. Still practice makes perfect.
Yes, once, 182. The first time, yes, once 105.
Huh. Of course I'm Hispanic, 144.
That's 32 more than the first time we done it only percentages way down.
Almost 12% of the audience said that in the first poll this time only 7.7%.
Either because we lost a lot of our Hispanic listeners because you keep picking on...
...merriss recipes or because of the fact that they just aren't doing this much.
It's not as PC anymore.
Yes, I'm gay 81. We had 77 the first time but out of half the votes.
So the percentage the first time we done the poll about three four years ago was 8.1%.
That's only 4.3%, which means we're branching out which is good.
We don't just want to have that gay audience.
We like everybody to be listening but that's like when I was a KAT.
Bob Allen, Reston Piste, the sales manager used to just get hysterical.
Where in the jewelry station?
Everybody, you try to sell where in the jewelry station?
What is a lot of old Jews out there and believe me if we have a sale on the Zoos'
...probably be doing a land off his business.
The Jewish station KAT.
Of course, who else was listening?
Back in that day the beach was totally different than it is now.
Your people hadn't invaded yet or my people.
Well some of my people, the old Jews.
Anyway, yes I'm gay 81.
I hate this poll 41. I'm by.
We added these two categories at the very end. I'm by 15.
Which I'm sure in one of those upper categories would like yes once, more than once, whatever.
15 said they're by. In other words if they wanted they got to buy it.
And I'm a screamer.
BYE NAME!
Six, we got six claimers out there. Screamers. Can you hear them scream me?
Can you hear them scream in all over town?
That's it.
Yeah.
Another echo.
Was that?
Yeah.
Good echo.
Now let's see what about the poll today. It's a very lame poll and you can see by the result.
Now I agree with that but you know what? Like you said it's a poll.
Who cares?
And we got 888.
That's great 888.
But the reasons keep changing.
I know. Are we talking about the reasons for that illegal invasion of Iraq?
They keep making it up as they go along. It's the war on terror.
888.
Who was your most trusted celebrity?
The reason I did this is because of that.
Look if it's good enough for Forbes magazine man, it should be good enough of this audience.
They don't like it though. It's still their polls.
None. 283.
None. And that's good. That's a very good answer.
That wasn't my answer. I was tempted to vote for that because.
And it's the premise is stupid. Why should we trust celebrities?
What do they know? It's what I voted for.
What a stupid-ass question.
But like I said, if it's good enough for a prestigious Forbes magazine, it's good enough for our crowd.
None. 283. Good for you. 32% of this crowd says we don't trust celebrities just because they can act or they can, you know, get naked or whatever it is they do.
We don't trust them.
I hate this poll. 160 and 13%.
I don't know if they're playing me. I think the poll sucks.
But it's a poll. I know guys like that. They're not that choosy man.
Any polls are good poll.
George Clooney 70.
Oh boy.
No comment. I've already said enough about him. Have I?
Yes.
Michael Z. Fox 55.
Ron Howard 49.
Opie. Morgan Freeman 48. Tom Hanks 48.
Susan Sarandon 36.
George Carlin. We added him on late. We apologize for that 34.
But he's zooming up the list.
Rachel Ray 32. James Earl Jones 27.
We trust him because he's got a big deep voice.
That a good reason to trust somebody?
Sure.
Oprah 27. Mel Gibson 21.
Oh my god.
Practically on the eve of your own kipper 21.
21 people said their most trusted celebrity is Mel Gibson.
Man, they left you all drinking with him and here and share some anti-semitic jokes.
Jane Fonda 15.
Denzel Washington 13.
Reese Witherspoon 7.
I trust her if I get to know her husband a little bit.
Sean Penn, late edition, he's got five.
And James Franco has only got a peer out of 903 votes.
But we already got 903.
We just came on here.
How do you like that?
He's only got two. Me and some other fool out there.
Some other queen.
James Franco.
Tristan and his old fly boys.
That horrible TV show Freaks and Geeks.
Boy, oh boy, I haven't got to burn that.
You'll like this.
Right?
This is so typical.
Lawrence Kansas.
There's this something.
You know, when you think of Yahoo places, we always think of like the Carolinas and the
Codas.
I don't, but Kansas, man.
They're like, uh, that's in my stone day.
Yeah, they are.
A judge who struck down a Dover Pennsylvania school board's decision to teach intelligence
design in public school said he was stunned by the reaction which included death threats
and a week of protection by federal marshals.
Pennsylvania, U.S. District judge John E. Jones, the turd, told an audience in Lawrence
Tuesday that the case illustrated by judges must issue ruling, spree of political whims,
or hopes of receiving a favor.
And as 139 pages decision last year, Jones ruled that the Dover School Board intended to
promote religion when an institute of policy requiring students to hear a statement about
intelligence design before a ninth grade policy lessons on evolution, intelligent design.
That's great.
Say, and we see him, we know that there's no intelligent design.
He ruled that it's unconstitutional to teach intelligence design as an alternative to evolution.
And if you would have told me when I got to the bench four years ago that I would have
death threats in a case like this as opposed to, for example, a crack cocaine case where
I meet out a heavy sentence, I would told you you were crazy, he said, but I did get
him and that's a sad statement.
Jones is ruling through attention in Kansas, which was involved in the controversy over
evolution last year after the Kansas State Board of Education inserted criticisms of evolution
in the state's science standards.
The judge spoke at the University of Kansas' difficult dialogues at the commons series,
which include several speakers, who will discuss the evolution and intelligence design debate.
On Tuesday, Jones didn't focus on that debate, but instead discussed the fallout, including
the death threats and a verbal lashing from conservative pundits around the country.
He said much of the criticism showed a lack of understanding about the role of judges
who said the rules should be based on the constitution and legal press and not on personal whims
or political favors or religious fanatics, too.
We might add that in there.
This is my own additional comment.
Religious fanatics.
Crazy people.
You see, religious nut run like a son of a bitch in Caldia police, okay?
Call anybody.
Call for help.
Call for Philip Morris.
Don't forget LSMFT.
Lucky Strike means fine to back off.
Is that what it means?
That's what it means to tell us on TV before they banned those faggot ads.
Didn't cartoons do cigarette ads in those days?
Like it?
Fred and Barney.
Did cigarette ads, Fred and Barney?
When I was at before I was born.
It's all videos of that.
Get out of here.
Or you were born.
I doubt that.
No.
Fred and Barney, cigarette spots?
Yeah.
Not to get you a copy.
I'll be damned.
From minutes after 10 to 5.60 WQM it's a Friday.
We got Mad Dog at the Hooters in Cumber Pines at 2.
And then the Power Hour with Hank and the Mad Dog between 4 and 5.
The Humber in New York from 5 to 7.
Marlins on Deck at 7.
Marlins in the Phillies at 7.35 are totally meaningless last three games in the season
here.
But it's a home game, right, Johnny?
It's this.
That's none guarantee you.
There will be a tremendous crowd there.
Panthers kicked Chicago's ass last night in the exhibition game at the Emancipation Arena.
I think 6 to 3 was the final score I do believe.
How many people were attendance to that game?
3rd man.
We're pretty slim and grim.
Well, you know, you got to put on a good act and then maybe they'll come out and see
us.
Especially if you give the tickets all the way for free.
The audio horse racing fans and poker players, Poppato Park racing and poker's got all
the plunging action you could ever want.
Just a half mile from both I-95 and the turnpike so it's easy to get to.
Poppato Park features free admission and free general parking every single day.
Live harness racing in the poker room open every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday including
today.
Poker gets in the way from noon, goes on to midnight and live racing gets in the way
at 7.25 in the p.m.
Every live racing day like today, the smoke free poker room at Poppato Park features
terminate action all day and all night.
Come and enjoy a great 9.95.
You can eat prime rib buffet on the fourth floor in the player's room.
Why do you have to do a show your power player reward card to get this special offer or sign
up for a free card?
It's a free membership and every time you make a wager on the races or play poker and show
your card, you'll be earning points for free items like betting vouchers, programs,
valet parking and lots of other things.
And don't forget, Saturday night every Wednesday when Brampery, Sotos Hotdogs, Popcorn
and large pretzels just to buck a piece at Poppato Park.
And coming off Saturday, October 7, that's a week from tomorrow.
It's think pink night with special fundraising events, self-raised money for the American
Cancer Society for breast cancer awareness month.
Poppato Park, a black South Atlantic voter run on power line, road for the current racing
schedule, go on the web at Poppato Park dot com or give them a call at 9.5.4.
9.7.2.2000.
The biggest name of the best talent to the best is Neil Rogers, 4.2560.
It's Friday, you bastard.
The other new Christian energy.
George Bush is our Christend King.
We are end up in the Rhythm of Lux.
For instance, the Elegrance of Darkness.
The exact reply we must ingest.
The body and blood of full will slash.
Bush is Lord and different of life, both on and in the highest.
Bush is Lord and different of life, both on and in the highest.
Bush is the worship of the worship, for sure died.
Bush is the worship of the worship of God.
4.2560.
1018.
So that we can target at 5.60 WQAM.
930 votes on today's poll, aren't you impressed?
James Franco is still on the bottom there.
Franco-American trout with the yogurt on the bottom.
He's got a pair.
Police find meth in man's prosthetic leg.
Where would you keep it?
J. Oklahoma.
J. Everman and J.
No, have you?
No J.
All right.
J. Oklahoma shares deputies of a rest of the grove man on drug charges
after finding crystal meth amphetamine inside his prosthetic leg.
Larry Clinton Harper's 60-foot was arrested as business harpers,
used cars in body shop last week.
During a search deputies found drugs inside a sock-like covering
inside Harper's prosthetic leg said Eleanor County Sheriff's Captain Larry Barnett.
They just tumbled out and he just laughed Barnett said he thought he was pulling the wool over our eyes,
but we had the last laugh.
The rest followed successful drug buys from Harper's business Barnett said.
Stalking in the side of his prosthetic leg.
Pretty creative though, wouldn't you say?
I would.
I bet you said, Gwony Weaver would have been impressed by that.
Let's see, how did Dan Marino get MIA status from your pull?
The man is endorsing land sales, cars, rate loss, he played football,
so it must be trustworthy.
Right? PSI voted none.
There's celebrities in Argentina says, excellent.
I mean, are we going to put like, uh, jocks on here?
Why not? I think he makes a good point.
He's on TV all the time, pushing stuff.
And he's on for that, uh, neutral system all the time.
Sure.
Danny Boyce, he might 80 times a day.
He lost 22 pounds.
And I say, get out of here.
Danny, every time I see him on it, go away, Danny.
We like it, but just go away already.
Go away, wait.
So we put another?
Sure, Dan Marino.
Oh, Danny Boyce.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
And he's endorsing all these things.
Yeah, none is the correct vote.
Thank you, excellent facts.
Good point.
And leave, uh, James Franco alone.
He's already got a lot of company.
I'm sure.
Oh, I don't want to read this whole thing.
It's too long.
Okay, it's too long and ponderous.
I don't want to get involved in that.
Especially on a Friday.
Never on a Friday.
But can I read just a couple of paragraphs that see this will inspire them to read the rest
of the story on our website.
Did they freedom died in the USA from Capitol Hill, blue?
And it's not even a Doug Thompson one.
In fact, does it have a name on it?
No.
He's probably behind it.
You're what a, uh, Schmitt's distributor he is.
Mm-hmm.
Freedom died in the halls of the US Congress yesterday as the US Senate passed White House sponsored
legislation.
The case president, Bush virtually unlimited power to approve torture of detainees and
laws the US military to hold without due course or constitutional protections.
Anybody can sue a terrorist or threat to this country.
That is wrong.
It's unconstitutional.
It is un-American said, Patrick Lee, he of Ramadi said it is un-American.
This legislation will normally choke off freedom.
But we'll ensure that the Bush Cheney administration will never again be embarrassed by US Supreme
Court decision reviewing its unlawful abuses of power.
Thursday may be long remembered as the day the government of the US approved torture, brutality,
and barbarism as business as usual and Bush's politically manufactured so-called war
on terror.
It could well stand as the death knell for liberties and freedoms that have defined this
country for more than 200 years.
Addico Zana, AP report.
Zana, pop, pop, pop on this one said this and this one said that and you can read about
it on neo-rages.com.
When Josh gets around and putting it on there probably tomorrow morning we can read about
it, right?
Or late tonight?
Whatever he feels like.
Whenever the mood strikes.
Whenever he's done.
Whenever he's done doing whatever.
Oh Danny Moreno's done the poll.
I haven't even votes yet.
I have no 43 Danny but I haven't got any yet.
We just put you on there Danny's just relaxed.
Okay, Eddie's.
Like he released the money, you know what?
Just like when I was saying yesterday about that lucky machine I had a woodbine and I'm
thinking to myself some of those people out there thinking, oh yeah he really needs that
money, you know he's getting a thousand twice and fifteen.
All right, he really needs, well you know something.
He can always use a few extra bucks, right?
Right.
Especially when you've been making such heavy donations there for two years.
Believe me, I can use some of the bags just a little piece.
About the compassion of the...
Oh yeah, out of here.
Go away already.
Okay, leave us alone please.
He's going to keep talking and pounding on that whole thing.
I'll be with him.
Yeah, hold your breath.
And what did I tell you about Miss Mark Foley in Palm Beach County?
Yeah.
Put you said, I'm telling you that for a long, long time.
Just like Charlie Chris, yeah.
But then that's, you know anybody should care about that.
A congressman has been accused of sending questionable emails to a sixteen year old Capitol Hill
page, Ross Story says.
Reports circulated on the internet earlier this week indicating that in private emails,
congressman Mark Foley, Republican of Florida, had requested photographs of the page, the
sixteen year old boy, asked what he wanted for his birthday and inquired about his age
and then they got the emails on the story.
A subsequent investigation by Ross Story discovered that the addresses on the emails were indeed
those of Foley and now a seventeen year old boy, so he's getting older by the minute who
forwarded them to a fellow staffer.
There is no overtly sexual communication in Foley's emails and the age of consent and
Washington DC is only sixteen anyway.
See?
Our investigation also won coverage in my space profile attached to the congressman's personal
address containing very little information.
Foley's office is told ABC News that it's their policy to keep pictures of former interns
so they could be remembered by anyone looking to recommend one.
Sure.
We do that too.
Oh, here's a hot number.
Yeah, he's going to recognize some of his friends.
We keep them on a site called hotinterns.com.
Right.
However, ABC also reports that the page didn't even work in Foley's office.
Ross Story spoke with several sources who confirmed that they felt Foley was unusually
friendly with young hill pages, but failed to uncover anything of a more serious nature.
Foley's office contends that the congressman is only guilty of being overly friendly and
has categorized the story as part of an opponent's Schmir campaign.
Foley has long marketed himself as a protectorate children from sexual predation.
In 2003, he became an outspoken critic with a summer nudist camp for children and
amendment by Foley to change federal sex offender laws became partly Adam Wall's child safety
and protection act in 2006.
He's part of a Schmir campaign, Schmir and Schmir, you know.
What's wrong with getting pictures of 16 and 17 year old kids, huh?
Huh?
If they're yours.
That's your boy, Mark Foley, of a Palm Beach County, Republican.
Of course.
How are you doing on that pool?
We got a thousand yet?
Nine fifty nine.
Oh, I think it's going to be 11 o'clock before we even get close to a thousand.
So it just eased off a little bit.
Just relax.
Well, it's Friday for Christ's Day.
What do you expect?
Plus we got you.
I'm Kipper coming up on Sunday at sundown and we still don't have next week schedule.
How can that be?
It's Friday already.
How can we not have the schedule for next week?
I want to see how many people turned Jewish on Monday.
When I was at KT, boy, a hundred years ago, air,
redoed each holiday, the whole step, even the dark,
complex of folks became Jewish.
Everybody was like a ghost town, but you can kind of relate to that.
Oh, yeah.
QAM where every day is a busman's holiday.
960 votes.
Danny Moreno's got a pair.
He just tied James Franco as a matter of fact.
Who'd you rather have dinner with?
Dan Moreno or James Franco?
I don't know who's buying.
How much of Danny Boy is going to bring you some Nutri system?
Okay.
I'll choose him.
Some of the good stuff in a box.
It is the Elishman.
The biggest news of the best talent in this is the O'Rodgers 4th Radio 560.
The U.A.
And Marina.
Where's the God?
O!
Martha, this is going to be a wonderful meal.
I, Purpose I, yeah.
Oh, hold on.
All right, well, we're going to make salad.
Be delicious.
You're using spinach.
And I want to focus on my salad.
Did you hear it?
They found a coli in spinach?
Really?
That gives a little bit of chip to this delicious salad.
Oh, Martha, you know where a coli?
My phone's from?
Oh, um, yeah.
And I don't.
I'm sure that that looks beautiful.
It looks good, but a delicious, you don't eat food, do you?
Not normally, sometimes.
But not always.
Oh, we got some good news for you.
And there was a student candy auntie who was just there on CNN, our good friend's student.
I knew there was somebody we liked at CNN.
The police said today they've shot and killed an accused cop killer after that massive
two-day manhunt in Lakeland.
They killed him.
All right.
Probably saw his dreadlocks.
Is that what it is?
Well, another deadlock.
Told him to shave him.
Ladies and gentlemen, God will be the judge injury this time, said Pope County Sheriff
Brady Judd.
Swat team members found the suspect in the brush.
Asked to see his hands saw a gun and shot and killed the suspect, killed our deputies.
They saw a gun.
It's all they needed to see.
Judd said police still have not been able to establish the identity of the man who was
shot but expressed confidence that he was their suspect in Thursday's trash.
They expressed confidence.
They're pretty sure there are suspects in Thursday's trash that resulted in the death
of deputy Vernon Matthew Matt Williams and his police dog, D.O.
Me.
Hundreds of police were swarming through every square wrench of thick overgrown Florida
Woods Friday before the announcement.
Police and boy, they were all over this like stink on Greg yesterday.
My goodness.
I think they still are right now.
Over 200 officers all night long kept his perimeter excellent discipline.
They went through and they told him to show his hands.
He didn't show his hands.
They did what they had to do.
Not a bing, that's it, did.
Police insisted they wouldn't rest until they kept to the man whom they suspected killing
that sheriff deputy wounding another during a routine traffic stop.
They thought he was involved in our narcotics ring.
Williams was a 12 year veteran of the department.
Deputy Doug Spires was shot and leg expected to make a full recovery.
Treated and released at the hospital.
We've run dozens of leads through the night.
Judd said he's armed.
We know he's very dangerous and yoddy yoddy.
Now he's beside that.
He's also not quite so dangerous anymore because he's dead.
I like that.
A vote county.
Yesterday we were playing poke salad Annie and I turned on the TV after the show and
they were all over this thing man on and on and on and thank God there's nothing else
important going on in the world.
You know what?
That's what I thought.
This must be extremely important in Lakeland no less.
Well, I'm not saying the rule.
But we're talking bubble heads were going on about.
Oh, you ever been in Lakeland?
Yeah, I've been there.
Yeah.
Well, they're talking about the kind of town it is.
They said that Josh Scherckortis used to live very close to there.
It's like, you know, close to Tampa.
Now I'm sure you were familiar with Lakeland haven't lived in.
I've actually been there.
I played there Lakeland high school when I was going to high school.
I played with what?
I played their team in sports.
Wow.
Lakeland high.
Yeah.
Anyway, getting out of that.
I don't want to talk about Lakeland anymore.
I said what I had to say yesterday about it and I rest my case, man.
It's like an outdoor trailer park.
The whole town is just Yahoo's.
In fact, I think Lakeland is kind of like the epitome as Edward Murrow would say of what
Florida is all about.
Lakeland, two egg.
You want to know what Florida is really all about?
Outside, of course, it's outside Florida.
We're the odd people out.
We don't hear where we're odd.
We're the odd peoples.
Speaking of odd, Democratic Senator Bill Nelson leads odd challenger, Cancer and Harris,
by 18 points in the new pool.
She hasn't got a Chinaman's chance in hell.
Nelson leads Harris, 53 to 35% according to the Mason, Dixon polling, research, Inc.
pool, 10% on the site, 2% wanted to vote for other candidates.
Harris's long trail, Nelson, her campaign been played by initial lactose support from
party leaders and staff, defections, but she's cut Nelson's lead by 10 points.
He was ahead by about 100 points, not only 18.
Her boost likely came from a decisive primary victory over three relatively unknown political
newcomers, Yadi, Yadi.
But his lead hasn't dip below 15 points.
She hasn't got any chance.
Even a dead person could do better than Catherine Harris.
And by the way, speaking of that, don't get on that plane, sweetheart.
995 votes, we're going to have 1,000 any second now.
Any second.
And James Franco is still only got two.
Thank the Lord.
Even Danny Merino passed Jimmy up.
Jimmy Franco might be close to Jewish buddy.
And speaking of polls, I don't want to like get too politically or it's only the twine
after September.
You don't want to get too old.
Medical.
The latest zombie pool, I'd like to say that we had yesterday, which evidently was well,
you know, see when it's human nature.
You believe whatever polls tend to bear out what you hope happens.
You know what I'm saying?
In other words, if you want to leave them in the loose, you believe this poll today.
If you want them to win, you believe the one yesterday.
The latest zombie poll shows Connecticut Senator Jew,
leave them in leading Democratic primary winner, Nettle Mont by only two points.
What within the margin of error coined a raw story and the zombie people?
Jew, leave them in lead over Democrat and that lead them on never again in the latest poll is now.
What within the margin of error reports the Wall Street Journal and its website,
the anxious right-wing Wall Street Journal.
Leave them in running as independence, losing the Democratic primary was 10 points ahead of
Lamont in August immediately after the primary.
Now is the latest fall into two points while Republican Arthur Schlesinger,
that's the gambling government, is in third.
According to the Wall Street Journal, leave them in as angry as party for his support of the Iraq war,
so as stepped up as criticism of the war strategy and execution while attacking the notion that the US should set a timeline for a pull out.
When in doubt pulled it out, Lamont leads among Connecticut's women voters,
though he trails leave them in badly among men.
The report continues.
Earlier today, well, that's that macho thing, you know,
yeah, I'm never saying but any more macho than Jew, leave them in for Kranala.
I don't know who to walk macho, him or Susan Collins.
I'm a baby, his neck can hold his head.
Do you ever see her speak, Susan Collins?
Not that I recall.
It seems like a parody of herself,
whiny and wimpy and silly, just a silly person.
Anyway, earlier yesterday the poll conducted by Quinnipi Axib,
a leave them in was ahead by 10 points over Lamont, so he's either ahead by 10 points or two points or maybe by no points,
but he don't know.
God.
God knows.
God only knows.
Police say, oh, one's didn't attempt suicide.
What do you think?
He didn't.
Josh?
No, definitely not.
He told you that.
He just wanted some attention.
Is that what it was?
That's it.
He's a balanced police of class.
If a, well, when you listen, you might learn something, okay?
You might be dangerous.
You might be dangerous.
All the way down to that.
You know, everything I want to know about him.
And what is that?
That he's black?
I know more.
He's a racial thing.
More than I want to know about him.
He's going to start with that macho, that he exists.
How Senator Makaka would steal him, by the way?
You know, I said, here yesterday,
pouring over the stories on a hundred different websites.
And I said, I had it written down here.
Senator Makaka would, I just said here,
roaring out loud.
Good thing nobody saw him all alone.
Yeah, like that.
Just laughing my ass off.
Senator Makaka would.
It's got a good ring to it, doesn't it?
I don't know.
I guess I'm the only one that's tickled by that.
Senator Makaka would.
Anyway, Dallas police have classified Tervo in cases
and accidental overdose, not an attempted suicide,
closing their investigation yesterday of the cub
or receiving his hospitalization.
He's going to play this weekend, I believe.
How can he play?
He's got that broken hand.
Well, whatever he's going to do.
He'll do whatever he wants to do.
How's that?
Dallas police chief David Kunkel said he's got great
competence in the original office of report,
which said rescue workers were called on the scene
because of an attempted suicide by prescription
pain medication.
The police document also said a friend described.
Owens is being depressed and that Owens said,
yes, when asked whether he was trying to harm himself.
Yes, the report in my opinion reflects what the officers
were told represents their best interpretation
of what happened.
Kunkel said at that big news conference yesterday,
but that doesn't mean it's the definitive account.
Like all these situations, we're dealing with incomplete
information and facts that change.
Owens said Wednesday he mistakenly mixed the pain killers
for broken hand with supplements he ordinarily takes,
causing him to become groggy while at home Tuesday evening.
His publicist, Kim Etheridge, was with him
and didn't like what she saw, especially when she also discovered
an empty bottle of peels.
She called 911 and Owens was taken by ambulance
to an emergency room.
Within two hours of the hospital release Wednesday morning,
Owens was catching passes of team headquarters.
He went through a full practice Thursday.
His first since breaking his right hand September 17th
and might play against the Tennessee Titans on Sunday.
If the thing heals in time, in time,
his Phil Simms would say, heals in time.
Oh, man.
Between Phil Simms and Tim McArvard,
God, can we fight an old twin whore
and just put him both on the seat and fry their ass together?
Concord said it was news conference that Owens and Etheridge
were welcome to file a report against the officers
if they believe anyone acted inappropriately.
There's no reason for the officers to do anything inappropriate he said.
Etheridge could not immediately be reached for response
to the voicemail on her cell phone with school
and she didn't respond to emails from the A&P.
There are, you know, story changes every five minutes.
And you know the bottom line to the whole thing?
What's that?
Who gives a fly in?
The biggest name of the best talents in the business,
real retracts for 3DO-56BQAM.
All the crap you can unwrap, all the slime all the time.
Can you just got back to this?
That's your deal, who used to play?
Like nobody else mattered anyway.
But man, that still seems Jerry Jones is crazy.
The boys are back to town, the boys are going down.
I said the boys are back to town, there's noise in Dallas now.
You know that jerk who used to dance a lot?
Every time they got the eggs on with a sharpie and his heart.
Man, he thought he was cool but he was really not.
What a joke that terrible Owens.
And that time at the Cowboys place went to your dance
on the logo with a disgrace.
Then Emma Grand over and down in his face.
And now he thinks they won't forget it.
The boys are back to town, the boys are going down.
I said the boys are back to town, there's noise in Dallas now.
I said, you know what's been hanging around?
This ain't always been down.
The boys are back to town, the boys are going down.
To be our worst problem, 14-11-560 WDQM, we had a thousand
and some odd votes on the pool, they're out all right, a thousand, twenty-seven.
I apologize for the fact that this pool is going to be on there all weekend long.
It's not one of our favorites, but too bad.
It's a pool and it was good enough for Forbes Magazine, it's good enough for us.
Who is your most trusted celebrity?
None, 327.
I hate this pool, 132, almost 13% hated like poison.
Easy to understand.
George Clooney, 76, Michael J. Fox, 63.
George Carlton, 57, he wasn't even on there yesterday, we put him on there this morning.
Look at that.
He is zooming up there, I told you.
Can I tell you?
The old philosopher.
Tom Hanks, 56, Ron Howard, 55.
I thought, A. Lawrence was the old philosopher.
Who?
Chicken echo, tell you.
Morgan Freeman, 53, Susan Sarandon, 39.
What about Tim Robbins, we don't want to put him on there?
Okay, remember that show where you started?
Bobbin was Robin.
Absolutely.
Bobbin on Robbins.
Susan Sarandon, 39.
Rachel Ray, 35.
Oprah, 29.
Oh, she is so trusted.
James Earl Jones, 28.
Who's got balls of size of an elephant.
Mel Gibson, 22.
Well, there's only one reason for that.
Oi!
Jane Fonda, 18.
16.
Denzel Watson, 16.
Reese Witherspoon, 9.
How about high school with a kid named Bob with this one?
Ed.
And what?
Nothing happened.
Oh, okay.
What should we do?
Dan Marino, 6 Sean Penn, 5, 6, whatever it holds.
James Franco is still got two, me and some other Queen.
And Tim Robbins just went on.
They don't have any boy.
You're quick with that.
Wow.
Out of a thousand, 31 votes.
We are quick over here.
Just mentioned Tim Robbins.
He went under factored in basketball.
1047, a QM.
We got Mad Dog.
Until we got the Hurricanes with a big game this weekend
against the girls team.
And the dolphins got a big game.
Although we are carrying it, of course.
We don't want to lose all that money.
They got a big game against Houston as well.
All the Houston girls teams all the time.
Wouldn't that be something if the Hurricanes lost tomorrow?
Oh my goodness.
That would be I think the end of the world as we know it.
Now let's see.
Why does it say the game is on power 96?
Oh, I see because we got the Marlin game on QIM.
That's right.
Wow.
So we had you and Houston on power 96 tomorrow afternoon.
Although we have all the festivities earlier right here on QM.
Make no mistake about that.
There'll be Joe Zagaki and all those other great broadcasters
behind it.
I'm sure even Clarence will probably be on air in the beast.
All those other UM silly people.
Molly Ivens writes,
habeas corpus RIP,
1215-2006.
She said with a smug stroke of his pen,
President Bush has said to wipe out a safeguard against the legal imprisonment
that's endured as a cornerstone of legal justice since the Magna Carta.
She says, oh dear, I'm sure he didn't mean it.
In Illinois Sixth Congressional District long represented by Henry Hyde,
Republican candidate Peter Roskamp accused his Democratic opponent
Tammy Duckworth of planning to cut and run on Iraq.
Duckworth is a former Army major in chopper pilot who lost both legs in Iraq
after a helicopter got hit by an RPG.
I just couldn't believe he would say that to me said Duckworth
who walks on artificial legs and uses a cane.
Every election cycle produces some wincers,
but how do you apologize for that one?
Cut and run my ass.
The legislative equivalent of that remark is the detainee bill not being passed
by Congress.
We love it.
This is so much worse than even that pathetic view reached last Thursday
between the White House and Republican Senators John Warner,
Ken Lundy Graham.
The White House has since reinserted a number of technical fixes that were the point of punitive compromise.
It leaves the president with the power to decide who is an enemy combatant.
This bill is not a national security issue.
This is about torturing helpless human beings without any proof that they are our enemies.
For access could be considered if we knew the administration would use the power
with enormous care and thoughtfulness, but of the over 700 prisoners sent to Gitmo,
only ten have ever been formally charged with anything.
Among other things, the bill is a CYA cover your ass for torture of the innocent that's already taken place.
Death by torture by Americans was first reported in 2003 in the New York Times article by Carlotta Gaul.
The military had announced the prisoner died about heart attack,
but when Gaul saw the death certificate, written in English,
issued by the military, it said the cause of death was homicide.
The so-called heart attack came after he had been beaten so often on the legs
that he had basically been purplified according to the coroner.
The story of why and how it took the time so long to print this information
is in a current edition of the Columbia Journalism Review.
The press in general has been late and slow in reporting torture,
so very few Americans have any idea of how far it's spread.
As is often true in hierarchical top-down institutions,
the orders get passed on in what I call the Downward Communications Exaggerations spiral.
For example, on a newspaper a top editor may remark,
casually, let's give the new mayor a chance to see what it can do before we start attacking him.
This gets passed on as, don't touch the mayor unless he really screws up,
and it ultimately arrives at the reporter level as,
we can't see anything negative about the mayor.
The version of the detainee bill now in the Senate not only undoes much of the McCain-Warner grey and work,
but is actually much worse than the administration's first proposal.
In one change, the original compromise line would say the suspect had the right to examine
and respond to all evidence used against him.
The three senators said the clause was necessary to avoid secret trials.
The bill now has dropped the word exam and left only respond to.
In another change, the clause said that evidence obtained outside the U.S. could be admitted in court
even if it had been gathered without a search warrant.
But the bill now drafts the words outside the U.S. which means prosecutor is going to ignore
a merc and legal standards on warrants.
The bill also expands the definition of an onlawful enemy combat and to cover anyone who's purposely
and materially supported hostilities against the U.S., quick to find purposely and materially.
One person's already been charged with aiding terrorists because he sold a satellite TV package
that includes the Hezbollah network.
The bill simply removes the suspects right to challenge his attention in court.
This is a rule of law that goes back to the Magna Carta in 1215.
That pretty much leaves the bar under open.
As Vladimir Bukhowski is the Soviet-assisted and intelligent service-free to torture soon,
he generates into a playground for sadists.
But not on bridal sadism, you'll be relieved that the compromise took the out-the-words
permitting interrogation involving severe pain and substituted serious pain,
which is to find his bodily injury that involves extreme physical pain.
In July 2003, George Borset in a speech, the U.S. is committed a worldwide elimination of torture
and we are leading this fight by example.
Freedom from torture is an inalienable human right, yet torture continues to be practiced
around the world by rogue regimes whose cruel methods match their determination
to crush the human spirit, said Bush.
Fellow citizens, this bill throws out legal and moral restraints as the present deems it necessary.
These are fundamental principles of basic decency as well as law.
I like those supporting this evil bill to spare me one affliction.
Do not please pretend to be shocked by the consequences of this legislation
and do not pretend to be shocked when the world begins comparing us to the Nazis, says Maliya.
The Nazis, how do you like that?
Uh-huh.
What we've heard that before.
Greg says, that's not Greg Reed, thank God.
No, here's the facts.
Would you please let me know if you guys are still impressed with your flavor wave ovens?
And the answer is?
Absolutely.
Yes.
It's twice a week at least night before last.
I use it almost every day.
Chicken, steak, rye, etc.
Since I'm considering ordering one upon your recommendation, absolutely do it.
How about adding Ty Do Me for today's poll?
Oh yeah, I'm sure it's wife would vote for him, yeah.
Ty Do Me.
Greg, you're so much great.
You yourself have flavor wave.
It's outstanding and mine just keeps puking right along.
I mean, sooner or later, I don't know.
I probably have to replace that bulb.
Yeah, I remember that you were going to do that.
Why?
I'll just let you know when it goes out.
Why is that I was going to do it for you?
You were always going to get you the new bulb?
Yeah, you offered.
No problem.
I can handle it.
Had a big day at Woodbying on Wednesday, man.
Of course, I could have a bad day there tomorrow and give it all back, but I could have done that.
It's a great oven.
It comes with free bulbs for life.
Yeah, right.
If Josh gets it.
Well, seriously, we all have one and we all love it and what's not to like.
I mean, it's just, you know, I use it every day.
And how can you take like a frozen steak and cook it in the microwave?
Can't do it.
Right, you can't cook a steak in a microwave anyway.
I mean, you could, but you have to be a moron.
But you can take something from frozen.
That's the most amazing thing about the flavor wave.
See, you got me into doing a commercial for it now.
The flavor wave deluxe.
Just Google it, man.
You can get a good deal on it on the internet, Josh, especially for the replacement bulbs.
I think.
Memory like a steel trap when it comes to freebies.
He's in the right business.
I'll tell you that.
Because that's all we're all about is getting all the freebies we can.
Creamy, old, free, whatever.
Although we did not get the flavor wave for free or my deboles tossed either, my low-car pasta.
Did I?
No, didn't get any free.
Spend a lot of money on it.
Yeah.
I got tons of it.
Me too.
About a thousand and fifty six and good stuff too.
Yeah.
Thousand fifty six votes and Tim Rogers and Robbins doesn't have any.
How do you like that?
Even Danny Moreno's got eight.
It's good things James Franco is still only got a pair.
Of course people will say, oh, that's so you all faggot he voted for James Franco because, well, I don't trust any celebrities anyway.
So I trust him as much as any of the rest of him.
Sure.
Right?
Plus at least he looks good.
You know, right?
I would say this list of people, he's the only one on this whole list that I covered.
You know what I mean by that?
I know what you mean by cover.
I covered the Bible.
There's nobody else on this in this crowd that I even dream of coveting.
Except maybe the lovely James Earl Jones, but I don't think so.
Right.
Isn't that something because he's got a big ball.
He was and if you missed yesterday, we had the results of the that's what inspired me to do this stupid ass poll.
The Forbes magazine pool.
They had a list of fifteen hundred celebrities.
I would like to get that whole list to you who's on the bottom.
James Franco is on the bottom of Arla so far.
He's on the bottom of the pool.
But anyway, their number one was Tom Hanks, followed by Rachel Ray, Michael J. Fox, Oprah, James Earl Jones,
Denzel Washington, Morgan Freeman, Reese Witherspoon, Ron Howard, Little Opie.
They trust him a lot.
Why would you trust his ass?
He's got a red head.
And so it never trust a red head.
The biggest name of the best talent ever.
Wrong like crazy, man.
Your Rochester's 4th radio 560.
You A.M.
This is the Neil Wonser Show.
What solid.
This is your brain.
What?
Any questions?
Tonight on ABC's Spying Time Live.
First, we broke a bombshell that Paula Abdul had an affair with a former contestant on American Idol.
Now comes the really bizarre truth.
Cory wasn't the only one.
That's right.
Paula Abdul had an affair with William Hong.
Honey, Paula, is this true?
Yes, I said it in 206.
Why?
I didn't tell you the same thing, though.
Well, how did it start?
What did he say?
Hi, I'm William Hong.
I'm Hong.
And how did he come on to you?
Dan James Brown, and he did it for him in James Brown.
Really?
James Brown.
And what did you think?
I don't know that in itself.
But I'm not sure what it is.
Dude, and how was the sex?
It was so hard.
I haven't understood anything.
You look amazing, huh?
Really?
Well, William, what did you think of Paula?
Super, super.
Wow.
I like that.
I like that.
Okay, all right.
We'll leave you two alone to get back to you whatever disgusting thing you were doing.
Get the full story tonight on Time Time Live on ABC.
I think about him.
And he may not look very good, but he shares how can't sing.
It's the 11.02 at 5.60.
But here's Kira Phillips.
Oh, no, that's not Kira Phillips.
It's another bubble hint.
Principal of Tessin, over at Wisconsin School, shot by a former student.
Shot this morning by a former student who came into the school, had all kinds of weapons,
not sure the nature of the...
All kinds of weapons.
That's the American FN way, baby, isn't it?
Crazy people with guns and machetes and all kinds of things.
AK-47s, right?
AKs?
Altacocker-47s?
That's right.
Like the ones they got in sunrise lakes.
Oh, wait.
1076 votes on a pool.
We'll be over another hundred percent pretty soon.
And this pool's weak.
But it makes a point.
People trust the celebrities because they are celebrities.
That's the bottom line.
Sure, they see them.
They think they know them like a thing you said.
Right.
That's correct.
Because you see somebody in there for you assume that, oh yeah, we know what kind of person.
No, you don't.
No, you don't.
They also believe that they're like a...
I'm very important.
They think they're that character.
Like, man.
Whatever character they have.
They're like Robin, you know?
Robin?
In Batman.
Oh, that Robin.
That Robin.
Now, what that was his last name, Robin?
Did he have a last name?
The character or the actor?
Oh, come on.
Gracie.
You think I don't know.
Berrward, Dick Grayson.
And I know that.
And Bruce Wayne.
What kind of a guy's name?
Bruce anyway.
I wonder what the sleeping arrangements were in Wayne Manor.
I wonder in what manner they had anyway.
I'm sure Dr. is concerned about that because he was a big, big mansion, you know?
And you know, damn well that their bedrooms were very far apart.
I wonder where Alfred slept at the foot of the bed.
Oh.
A congressional report to about today is going to show now convicted lobbyist Jack Abramoff
and his associates had far more extensive contacts with the White House than President
Bush has ever acknowledged.
He was a bunk blood buddy, kind of like Batman and Robin.
And they did a lot of bobbin.
Isn't that a thing like on a sewing machine that bobbin?
There is a bobbin.
There is a machine.
Sure.
It bobbin.
That's really.
Sure.
There's a lot of other parts that we probably can't say on the area.
No.
The report from the Republican-led House government affairs committee will state that Abramoff
had as many as 450 contacts with the White House and prime among his lobbying targets was
former White House political director Ken Melman and Bush's advisor Carl Rove.
But they didn't know him at all.
But you know, kind of like Jack Ruby and Dallas, they didn't know him.
Melman is not chairman of the Republican National Committee which issued this statement
in response to the report.
In his capacity as political director of the White House, it is not unusual that Mr. Melman
would be in contact with supporters who had interest in administration policy to which
we say, right.
The investigation is based on a detailed examination of the billing records and the emails
the committee received from Abraham and his associates which indicated far more extensive
contacts than the investigators who were led to believe in the past between the lobbyists
and both the White House and the Republican National Committee.
It also presents circumstantial evidence that Abramoff was able to have some action taken
on behalf of his clients and details offers from Abramoff and his associates of dinners,
concert tickets and other meals and drinks to White House officials.
After Abramoff played guilty to illegal lobbying, officials of the White House said they barely
knew him.
Hey, Jack, we barely knew you.
And all they knew was what they read in the newspapers.
This report finds 450 contacts with White House officials including nine with the president's
chief political adviser, the anxious Carl Rove.
It also shows that Abramoff tried to give 20 people hired in the administration but only
successfully once.
The White House says what this demonstrates is that Abramoff was singularly unsuccessful
as the lobbyists even though he was trying very, very hard.
But it remains to be seen if there were any instances of illegal lobbying and if the alleged
is offered to White House officials of concerts and tickets meals, etc.
were violated the gift ban.
Abramoff and his business partner Adam Kadan both played guilty to conspiracy and wire
fraud in March.
Each sentence to five years and ten months in federal prison, Abramoff sentence will
begin November 15.
Eight days after the election they have either one.
I just mentioned that in that.
All right.
So anyway, the guy in Lakeland is dead.
They shot his ass dead.
The evil doer, the dreadlock guy, Thouhmeet-E-6 on a pool.
Tim Robbins has got.
Oh, man.
He's old news, man.
Who doesn't know even knows about him anymore, right?
I mean, he's sure ain't one of my favorite Robbins.
What?
We're just talking about Robbins so it's fresh in my mind, man.
Always fresh in my mind.
I'll bet.
Especially with those green tights.
Good God.
Terrorist, fear, LDablo.
All right.
There's something for you.
Bink, Bink.
How about the Chupa Cabra, do they fear him too?
They do.
Maybe George Bush is the Chupa Cabra.
George's W. Bush allegedly served in the Texas Air National Guard
during Vietnam War rights theory vans on the smircling chimp.
And once again, we notice because Commander-in-Chief Bush,
AKA LDablo, is doing a fine job of protecting the borders of America
while striking fear into the hearts of those wannabe terrorists.
We're fighting them in Iraq so we don't have to fight them here.
Meanwhile, they're bidding and biting their time.
I'll hoping for the Wimpy Cut and Run Democrats
to take back the federal government.
Islamo fascists don't mind waiting.
A man was recently spotted in Arizona City Park
flapping his arms wildly, hopping around
and more leg while screeching at the top of his lungs.
A policeman interrupted the other
to the fact that he realized the man what he was doing.
This obviously, the rain fell a month
of something about his ritual keeping wild elephants at bay.
The policeman informed the man that there were no wild elephants
within thousands of miles of Arizona.
The man said, see, it's working.
Then determined to stay the chorus, he resumed his ritual.
What does he try to say?
I'm not sure, let's say later.
There's how he deems.
We want peace and democracy.
The problem is that this administration
and the Republican Party, generally,
has not been truthful about what's going on.
How so?
Well, the U.N. will announce the election,
which is the 16 major intelligence agents
in the United States government came out last week
with a report that said Iraq, the Iraq war,
has made terrorism worse around the country.
First, when the government denies it,
then they leaked their own version of it.
The truth is, the president has never been truthful about Iraq.
About anything, right?
The police is consistent anyway.
Oh, here's some bad news from Baghdad,
and this isn't just about all these bodies
that they keep finding every day either.
A $75 million project to build the largest
police academy in Iraq has been so grossly mismanaged
that the campus, not the campus,
now poses health risks to recruits
and might need to be partially demolished
as investigators are found.
How's that school coming, by the way?
Finally, the children around.
Oh, they never had the school.
They never had the school.
They never had any good medical attention before.
The government has to be more than ever
because it's blown them up every day.
The Baghdad Police College held his crucial U.S. efforts
to very racking to take control of the country's security
was so poorly constructed that feces and urine
rained from the ceilings in student barracks.
Oh, it's not raining men, it's raining well.
Flores heat and water,
and the schools out the ground and cracked apart
water dripped so profusely in one room
that it was called the Rainforest.
This is the most essential civil security project
in the country, and it's a failure
since Stuart W. Bowen, Jr., in a relation to Joe Bowen,
the Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction
and independent office created by Congress.
He said the Baghdad Police Academy is a disaster.
The master of disaster driven by Bud Gilmore
and the fourth race at Yonkers.
Bowen's office plans to release a 21-page report
next Thursday, detailing the most alarming problems
with the facility.
Even in a 21-billion-dollar reconstruction effort
that's been marred by cases of corruption and fraud,
failures in training and housing and lack security forces
are especially significant because of their effect
on what U.S. military has called its primary mission here
to prepare Iraqi police and soldiers
so that Americans can be part.
Someday, some year, some century, some decade.
Federal investigators said the Inspector General's
findings raised serious questions
about whether the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
has failed to exercise the effective oversight
over the Baghdad Police College
or Reconstruction programs across Iraq,
despite charging taxpayers' management fees
of at least 4.5% of the total project cost.
The Corps of Engineers said Wednesday that it's initiated
a wide-ranging investigation of the police academy project.
Feces in you are now reigning from the ceilings.
The report services the latest indictment
of Parsons Corp. U.S. Construction Giant
that was awarded a billion dollars
for a variety of Reconstruction projects across Iraq.
After chronicling previous Parsons failures
to properly build health clinics, prisons, and hospitals,
Bowen said he now plans to connect an audit
of every Parsons project.
Oh, the Allen Parsons project.
The truth needs to be told about it.
Now you're going to play.
I know you're going to play it.
There's no question in my mind.
I could play a lot of it, but I'll play your song.
Oh, I love that.
You'll fly in the sky.
The truth needs to be told about what we did
for our dollar from Parsons, Bowen said.
A spokesman for Parsons of the Company
hadn't seen the Inspector General's report.
Right, and it goes on a great length about
what a bunch of gypsies, stamps, and thieves there.
Kind of like Halibur.
All these billions of dollars that are being said
are not your pocket.
But hey, that's why that poll is a good idea,
the one I was sending this morning,
above the if you could keep your federal tank
dollars for being spent on any, whatever it is.
It is a good idea.
And it is a great poll.
In fact, maybe that'll be a good one on Monday.
You never know.
I wonder what Halibur's doing things.
And the Republicans have taken this country,
and I think they've really heard us.
But I do admire the way they know how to win elections,
and we need to get our cells.
See, he must spoke to everybody.
He meant to say, he's the Mars, the way they know
how to steal elections.
And they've never crossed use to know how to do that,
and they forgot.
And the Republicans said, oh, we got a better idea.
1100 votes even right on the poll,
and Tim Robbins still has got the big nothing.
Zippity Duda.
That's bad.
Anybody remember Tim Robbins?
Who?
Get out of here.
He's just lying.
Yeah, he has a good name.
What's all this that movie he was in that we liked so much?
Which one?
He's been in a few of like, huh?
The player?
Was that it?
Well, I don't know if you saw that one.
You didn't know it.
As a matter of fact, I know you didn't see that one,
because that has a whoopee goldberg in mind.
The one where he faked getting shot
and a whole deal earthy end,
and he got elected.
And well, that was the name of life again.
What's Susan's reminding?
I believe you're right.
What you got to Google Tim Robbins.
I'm going to Google it.
I mean, the great cutting like that.
Hold on.
The biggest name is the balance.
The biggest is Neil Rogers,
the fourth radio 560.
The first, you falsely accused me of giving aid and comfort
to Ben Laden because of what happened this time early.
No one knew how tragic existed then.
If you're wrong, then you know it.
Plaint Clinton.
Richard Clark and all the intelligence people said
that I ordered a vigorous attempt to get Ben Laden
and came closer, apparently, to anybody who has sense.
And you guys try to create the opposite impression
when all you have to do is read Richard Clark's findings
and you know it's not true.
It's just not true.
That's not true.
1118 at 560.
He did not have sex with that woman.
Ms. Lewinsky, whatever hell her name was, that cow.
Now listen, Bob Roberts was a good movie too
with Tim Robbins and Groove It All was in.
Don't take a shot.
He played past.
He's a little pasty, old and pasty.
Also, you know, for the poll, I think I'm fading
into this region back.
How about Martin Sheen?
Okay.
From the Sheenie Alps, sir.
When you say?
Absolutely.
You're any Martin Sheenie.
Those are a poll literal kind of guy.
1118 at 560.
That's the funny part about this poll is that somebody like Michael J. Fox.
You consider him, I mean, maybe I'm missing something somewhere
but you consider him like in any way political or like, you know.
He made those speeches about stem cell research, remember?
Because he's got the Parkinson's.
Right.
Yeah, that's right.
Yeah.
You know, whatever.
He went up, you know, in front of Congress and shook at them.
That's bad.
Oliver Stone says, I'm ashamed for my country.
You ought to be ashamed about some of those bad movies you've made, all right?
I agree.
Filmmaker Oliver Stone blasted President George W. Bush yesterday saying
he has set America back 10 years.
Solamente de Ace?
Sol tanto de Eici.
What are you talking about, senior?
Stone edit that he's ashamed for my country over the war in Iraq
and the US policies in response to the attacks of September 11.
We've destroyed the world and the name of security stolen toward journalist epi.
San Sebastian International Film Festival.
Prior to a screening of his latest movie, World Trade Center.
The film tells the true story of the survival and rescue of two policemen
who were trapped in the Rubble World Trade Center and I'd love it after they went to help people escape.
From September 12th on, the attacks were politicized as polarizing entire world said stone.
It's a shame because it's a waste of energy to see that the entire world five years later
is still convulsed in the grip of 9-11.
Well, whatever that means, are we convulsed?
I'm convulsing right now, kind of like Michael J. Fox.
When you quit picking on him for crying out loud, it's bad.
It's in bad taste.
This should be picking on a poor Janet Reno who would do something right for takeout at shaky's pizza.
It's a waste of energy away from things that do matter which is poverty, death, disease, the planet itself
and fixing things in their own home as rather than fighting wars with others.
Mr. Bush has said America back 10 years maybe more said stone.
The director of Blockbuster said such as platoon and JFK said the US reaction to the attacks was out of proportion.
If they're better sense of proportion, if we had a leadership that was more mature, he said,
we didn't fight back in the same way the British fought the IRA or the Spanish government fought the Basques.
Terrorism is a manageable action that can be lived with said stone.
Stone rejected allegations that US authorities may have known about the attacks in advance
and said the real conspiracy came afterward.
I think that conspiracy, Mongolia and I love it as a waste of time.
He said the far greater conspiracy occurred after 9-11 when basically a neo-Kabal inside our government hijack policy and went to war.
That was his broad conspiracies we can get into about 20 or 30 people.
That's all they took over and all these books are coming out and they're pointing it out to its stone.
All these books are coming out.
The war on Iraq is a disaster.
I'm disgraced. I'm ashamed from my country.
I'm also ashamed that America has attacked itself with its constitutional breakdowns.
I'm deeply ashamed.
Not just ashamed, I kind of like pedestrian, ordinary ashamed, but deeply ashamed.
All the way down to his bowels.
In US favor, Stone positive that it's not responsible for all the world's problems.
You can't see that the US is responsible for all the evil in the world because you can see so many dictators and so many beast you like so over the world now.
There's something in the human heart, the international human heart that is evil said stone.
There we go with those evil doers again.
That's the evil that turns its mind and ears on humanity and is able to say,
I can kill a person in the name of God or religion.
This is not a human being. This is a fanatic.
And I fear that fanaticism is the result of our overreaction in 9-11 said stone.
Yeah, before 9-11 we never had any religious fanaticism and we never had anybody killing other people in the name of religion, did we?
Nope, Jackass. You fairly person.
1127 votes on the pool.
Martin Sheen went on there and immediately got nothing.
Tim Robbins finally got a vote after you mentioned Bull, what did you say, Bolshemit?
Older, Bob Roberts, Bolshemit. Tim Roberts has won. James Franco's got three now.
Well, I guess we'll have to split him. I'll take from the armpits up Josep to be on the safe side.
He's got a good head on his shoulders.
Sean Penn's got seven. I'm going from the bottom up. Reese Witherspoon's got nine.
Is she like political? I know she's married to what's his name?
What's his name? Ryan Philippe.
Okay.
You know who she's married to.
You know it's jealous.
I'm a jealous.
Yeah.
No, you're not. You can't stand her.
Either one of the voices.
He's like your cheer on both of them.
Now what is it to you? Oh, and by the way Al Pacino is the one who spoke like you're always making fun of.
The way Ryan went to talk like that when he was auditioning for the Godfather.
I saw his bio on black.
I'm so glad I thought.
He was good in crash.
I will bring that.
He was good in crash and he did not talk like that.
What do I have to do?
No, we did not.
He didn't talk like that.
I thought that was not the real one.
Well, maybe he'll bring it back for his next flick.
Smash.
Dan Marino 10.
They love you, Danny Boy.
Just stay the hell away.
Dan's a Washington 17.
Jane Fonda's got 18.
Hanoi Jane.
How do you like that?
Mel Gibson 25.
That's the anti-Semitic crowd.
Or maybe just a bunch of drunken.
Or maybe the Jesus crowd never thought about that.
That could be it.
What do you think?
Maybe.
As the Pope says.
It is as it was.
Right.
Who did that Pope think he was anyway?
You know what?
The Pope.
James Earl Jones 32.
Oprah's got 35.
How is that?
Now, we don't have any women listening.
Maybe we've got 35.
You think there isn't any man in the world, any man, real or otherwise, they trust Oprah.
Right?
Yeah.
You're not going to find one.
Now who admitted?
Rachel Ray 37.
Susan Sarandon 41.
Ron Howard 56.
I wonder if Anthony trusts OP.
Morgan Freeman 59.
Tom Hanks 61.
He won the Forbes pool.
But he's down in a little bit of an hour.
He's down.
Michael Z. Fox 64.
George Carlin from nowhere is moving toward the top.
75.
He's going to pass George Clooney like he's laying prone.
Any ought to be.
George Clooney, what's he got?
85.
I hate this pool 144.
12.6% and none way up ahead.
354.
31% he is saying we don't trust any celebrity.
Good for you.
Good thinking.
What thought you know about these people?
Maybe they stink.
Maybe they have bad hygiene.
What do you know?
Right?
But like you said, everybody thinks they know them because of a role they played in a movie or a role they play on a television.
They think they're that kind of character.
That's right.
Or like a role they play on a soap opera.
That's the worst part.
When he's soap opera people come on these different shows and they talk about their experiences like out in shopping malls, out in public.
And people call them by the name of the character.
And if they play an evil person on the soap opera, they're like, oh, how come you're such a nasty, whatever bitch like that?
They don't know.
Nobody said when he went through that ramble.
He just said that.
He just said that.
Yeah.
And that video was just after Josh fell asleep.
Shame about that.
I think everybody ought to be forced to watch this.
I'm a mad ass hell.
Or I don't think I can take that anymore.
Oh!
Listen to me.
Television is not the truth.
So turn off your television sets.
Turn them off right in the middle of the set.
The biggest name of the best television is Leo Rogers.
Force Radio 560.
You A.M.
Leo.
God.
I'm running the job.
I'm running the job.
He's so cookin'.
I'm running the job.
He's really cookin'.
He's really cookin'.
I'm a dean of jobs.
He's a huge, I'm a dean of jobs.
And he's kinda like, no, give you a different script and beer anywhere.
He's a brown jacket that looks like he bought it at Banana Wave Public.
Off the dish, come back.
I'm running the job.
I'm running the job.
He's so cookin'.
I'm running the job.
He's so cookin'.
He's really cookin'.
I got that badwill.
Not goodwill, but in a random got badwill.
Because they're evildoers, you don't understand that.
Love and 31 of Q and A.
How old do you both think of it?
James Franco's got four now.
I don't know how we divided him up in four pieces.
1157.
Well, I mean, it's gettin' out of control now.
And why are they going for James Franco?
They wouldn't know James Franco from French War.
Because I said it, because I wrote it for him.
You know, monkey see monkey do.
Okay, do.
He'll be around if you want.
Believe him alone.
I'm takin' the head from the shoulders up.
Okay.
The White House ignored an urgent warning in September 2003
from a top-of-a-rac advisor who said that thousands of additional American troops were desperately needed.
The quality and surgeons to do there.
In that new book by Bob Woodward is what it says.
The Washington Post reported an author.
The book is coming out Monday, by the way.
State of denial.
The book describes a White House driven by this function and division over the war.
The warning is described in state-of-nose schedule for publication Monday by Simon and Schuster.
The book says President Bush's top advisors were often at odds among themselves.
And sometimes were barely on speaking terms, but shared a tendency to dismiss as too pessimistic assessments from American commanders and others about the situation in Iraq.
As late as November 2003, Mr. Bush's quoted a saying in the situation in Iraq,
I don't want anybody in the cabinet to say it's an insurgency.
I don't think we are there yet.
I love this line in this story from the Times.
It says the book bought by a reporter for the New York Times at retail price and advance of its official release.
I was supposed to be proud of them.
They actually went out and paid retail for it.
And I was supposed to get a free-be-review copy.
Isn't that great? Aren't we proud?
Mm-hmm.
You think they can handle it?
Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld is described as disengaged from the nuts and bolts of occupying and reconstructing Iraq.
A text that was initially supposed to be under the direction of the Pentagon,
and being so hostile toward Condoleezza rights than the National Security Adviser,
that President Bush had to tell him to return her phone calls.
Well, the hostility there between Hermann Gehring and Rumsfeld and Condoleezza.
The American commander for the Middle East, General John Abbasade,
has reported a total of visitors to his headquarters in Qatar in the fall of 2005,
that Rumsfeld doesn't have any credibility anymore to make a public case for the American strategy for victory in Iraq.
Mr. Woodward writes that his book is based on an abuse of President Bush's national security team,
their deputies, and other senior and key players in the administration responsible for the military,
the diplomacy and the intelligence on Iraq.
Robert D. Blackwell, then top-of-racadvisor of the National Security Council,
has said to have issued this warning about the need for more troops in a lengthy memorandum, sent to Ms. Rice.
The book says Mr. Blackwell's memorandum concluded that more ground troops for ever as many as 40,000 more were desperately needed.
It says that Mr. Blackwell and Paul Bremmer the turd, than the top American official in Iraq,
later brief Ms. Rice and Stephen Hadley, who are deput about the pressing need for more troops during his secure teleconference from Iraq,
it says the White House did nothing in response.
The book describes a deep fisher between Colin Powell, Mr. Bush's first secretary,
when Paul was eased out after the 2004 elections he told Andrew Card, the White House chief of staff,
that if I go Don should go referring to Mr. Rumsfeld.
Mr. Card, they made a concerted effort to outstripe the in 2005, according to the book,
but was overruled by President Bush, who feared it would disrupt the coming Iraqi elections and the operations of the Pentagon.
Cheney is described as a man, so determined to find proof of his claim about weapons and mass destruction in Iraq,
that in the summer of 2003 as aides were calling the chief weapons inspector David Kay,
with specific satellite coordinates as the sites of possible weapons, none resulted in any fines.
And it goes on at length.
I've got to get that book on Monday, and of course I'm going to go on and buy it in this retail price in the bookstore.
I'll say to my wife, Bob Woodward, are you pardon?
That's mighty white of you.
Well, I mean, who the hell's going to send me a free copy of it?
Nobody.
You think Bob Woodward's going to stop buying, draping off at the doorstep here, I kind of doubt it.
He could stop buying, draping off James Franco's head from the shoulders up.
1164 votes, Martin Cheney finally got a vote.
And Mel Gibson's got 25.
Isn't that something?
Wouldn't you like to be a fly on the wall and see where those 25 votes are coming from?
Who is her most trusted celebrity?
It is a stupid pull.
And that's why none is what hands down.
None and I hate this pull between the two of them got like 43%.
That good?
It's great.
Well, I mean, it's not really good from the standpoint of boy, this is a really crappy pull.
But at least they're given the right answers in some cases.
Like George Clooney, I mean my God, what's not to like with George Clooney in those great movies he made?
Like that Syrian piece of crap.
And then of course, good night and good luck.
Oh, my God, you were so right about that.
I was going to save an hour and a half of my eyesight.
And it's tragic because it should have been entertaining so that people would know.
Well, no, he always entertaining and not so much entertaining, but educational information was that I'm not going to say that.
On the biography channel, they had moral biography, which was like, you know, for real.
As they say, and then that network is real.
It's supposed to have crap movie.
George Clooney, man, he's just, I don't know what the big deal is with him.
Does he look good?
No.
Does he boring?
He's almost as boring as Kevin Costner.
Not, now that's a real shot.
Nobody's that boring, but he's close.
He's certainly in the league.
He's in the top 10 of boringness.
That's a good pull for a row one day next week.
The most boring celebrities.
Are we done that?
I don't think so.
Well, Kevin Costner sure is how belong to me.
Oh, yeah.
And George Clooney, who are some other ones?
It's Colin Farrell.
Ooh.
Anybody from American Idol?
Right in Seacrest.
Ooh.
Over a hundred laptops missing from Department of Homeland Security.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Just the headline is amusing, isn't it?
Is there a little bit of irony in that headline?
A little bit.
According to the website, Fcw.com, the government accountability or office has found that over a hundred
decades, Department of Homeland Security laptops are missing and thought to have been stolen.
The computers worth more than 300 grand were purchased by FEMA and the wake of Hurricane Katrina.
The three computers purchased by the Coast Guard are also missing and presumed stolen, by the way.
And like that, a weak control environment and breakdowns in key controls left the Department of Homeland Security vulnerable to fraud and abuse states to report prepared with the participation of the DHS's Office of Inspector General.
Missing and presumed stolen.
A hundred Department of Homeland Security laptops.
I mean, just just think about how amusing that is.
How secure we are.
Oh, yeah.
What a big fat joke, a big fat freaking joke the whole thing is.
But nevertheless, very important stuff.
You do know that, though.
It's a good.
Got mad dogs coming up at two o'clock from the hooters in the pines.
Go over there and get smashed.
It's the weekend for crying out loud, right?
Power hour with Hank in a mad dog, four to five.
And then it says, Hank is in the orcity between five and seven.
Man, he must be going to make one hell of a fast trip.
Some of the ways they're going to do it by long distance.
Now, how does that work when there are like two people on together?
One of them is like 1,200 miles away from the other one.
I don't know.
Like magic, I did magic.
No.
You're going to try that someday.
Hank's on between five and seven from New York.
Now, what's the deal in New York?
What's going on there?
Do we know anything about why he's there?
I don't just going to OPTB to plunge his guts out.
I don't know what that's all about.
Oh, find out for you.
Then we got, well, it's not important.
Okay, it's not important.
Why is that?
I don't know.
I just found it.
Marlins on decades, seven o'clock.
Marlins in the Phillies at 735.
Would you say that game is important?
No.
But it's a game.
It's on the schedule.
We got three luck with the Phillies this weekend.
And then that's it.
And then the Georgia Rarty gets fired.
And everybody says, oh my God, we didn't know he was going to get fired.
What's that all about?
They did so well, you know.
And then we got any camp for the Marlins Phillies game tonight.
Get out to the ballgame, man.
Now, the Hurricanes, their game is at Houston, right?
Yeah, it's here.
Like I said, the Marlins of Dolphins, whoever they are, they're games in Houston.
That's right.
Oh, sorry.
So we're the gummy bear in are others.
So that's their own.
That's why I heard Kenny and Bohr were talking about
how they're going to be like 20,000 people there?
Maybe.
I wanted to be embarrassing just because they're playing a little
girl team, plus of course, they started at one and two,
so who the hell wants to see the Evlorcy Cains anyway?
The propice games.
The Bethlehem roots,xa feecity cards.
Dan Wagner maybe?
The humble now, you degraders off the base
Voritate 6EN's rock.
The magnesium chips are fr summers Today a dijo Blinds
I am your heart, came from asking for your support.
I wish you had never attended a tent that we still want you to see.
Even if you never been at third grade for your favorite part of team.
I'm flaking, playing green, making sure you're single.
And it's generally great for your support.
For green, green, and all basketball players are your bread.
Because you have to have to view, you do it.
But you're by any other game.
You're taking photos.
Now, now watch out, we're going to keep you alive.
We're all going to do this radio.
They thought using a gift over a second.
We're going to come to your center, guys.
I have a center, I have a center, I have a center, I have a center.
I'm going to give you a big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big,
big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big
big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big
big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big
big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big
big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big
big, ate and be done by the state of J sandy, to handlar, a
liberal students and youth.
are inend FinancialTH.
very proud, positive andronting.
cultural district had achieved seven notoriety, for meeting with PLO
chairman Yasser Erafart, and urging the White House to recognize the right for a
Palestinian state. That generated a lot of opposition from the Jewish lobby, and
Finley barely survived a tough election in 80. I covered that racist and
reporter-mapted and left me off from me a job. But the stifling, structured style of
Finley's office didn't hit with my more free-willing persona as a former reporter
in columnist. I clashed off with the Congress and's bureaucratic chief of staff.
Within a few months I was talking to newspapers again about returning to my chosen
profession earlier than planned. Then Chris Hursty, incumbent directly
national Republican congressional committee, asked me to meet with Eddie Mayhe, the
legendary GOP political consultant who many in town felt led the parties
rebuilding effort after the debacles of Richard Nixon and Watergate. May he
ask me to join the campaign of Congressman Manny Luhan of New Mexico, a five-term
Republican who barely survived a strong election challenge in 80. My job,
interview with Luhan took place over several glasses of scotch at the Capitol
Hill Club. Somewhere during the course of the evening he offered and I accepted
a job. In January of 82 I was in New Mexico finding that Luhan's more relaxed
style and the no-holds barred politics of the state provided just a kind of a
adrenaline rush that makes politics so addictive. I quickly mastered the skills
of a political operative willing to bend the rules because winning was the only
measure of success. I want to discover that Luhan was ancestors emigrated in New
Mexico from Spain had never carried the Spanish-speaking South Valley of
Albuquerque because I voted most of her Democrats. I engineered an independent
expenditure campaign by a local card dealer that flooded the South Valley with
door cards a weekend before the election. The cards carried a photo of Luhan's
opponent blonde hair Blue Eye Jan Hartke and Austin Spanish. How do you
pronounce Hartke in Spanish? The answer at Gringo, Luhan carried the South
Valley in the election. During 82 I met Chuck Bailey then deputy chairman of the
Republican National Committee. I wonder if he was related to Jack Bailey from
Hurtin Downs and he signed me on for contract work writing campaign
with Richard for GOP races. By the time the 82 elections ended and Luhan won
I was hip-deep in politics. The NRCC recruited me to serve as CIFIVA
staff for a freshman GOP congressman. Also asked me to work for the orientation
for Ramps for New Members of Congress. In the 84 elections I served as a
contract field consultant for the NRCC and wrote the daily voices for
victory report for the Reagan Bush campaign under a contract with the
Republican National Committee. My reputation as a cultural operative willing to
take chances grew. In one race I set out a campaign brochure with the
unlisted home phone number of an incumbent Democrat and asked voters to call
him and complain about his votes. I told another candidate that his speaking
performance was so weak that if you've been up there masturbating your hand
would be asleep. So naturally I was invited to join the faculty of the American
campaign academy a shadow Republican operation to train campaign managers
and press secretaries. And lectures to aspiring campaign managers and press
secretaries I taught students to do anything to protect their candidate to lie
if necessary and find ways to circumvent the rules.
Winning I taught them was the only separable outcome. That was the attitude and
style that made me successful in the political arena. In 85 I've returned to
Capitol Hill this time a special assistant to the ranking Republican
member Lu Han on the House Science and Technology Committee. For the next two
years I travel extensively both domestically and internationally on
committee business and enjoy the good life as a senior level house staffer.
But the itch of politics remained and may he recouped me to work for return
corning CEO Armory Houtons first run for Congress 86. Houton won and the thought of
returning to the interesting but mostly ZD life of a committee staffer
didn't hold much appeal. After the election the
National Association of Realtors came calling with an offer to run their independent
expenditures campaign. Shortly after joining the Realtors the
trade association of 800,000 members we organized and I became vice president
political programs with overall responsibility for their political funding
operation including what was then the largest P.A.PAC
political action committee in the country. Running a pack that matches out
in contributions in virtually every house and center race and buys entire
tables at major fundraising events is a heavy experience.
Newspapers and journalists became a distant memory lost in lifestyle of six
figure-ranking comes large expense accounts and the power to influence
elections with your checkbook. My willingness to bend the rules carried over
into the work with the Realtors are willing me promoted the organization's myth
that most people buy their homes because they can deduct mortgage interest
on the income taxes. A fact competition by the reality that the U.S.
at the time ranked third in per capita home ownership
training to other countries that did not allow mortgage interest deductibility.
I would spend millions on ad campaigns that promoted Realtors issues that were
self-serving even if opposed to the threat to the economy of others.
The only thing that mattered were gains for the special interest group that
employed me. Yet some shreds of the journalist remained and I began to question
why I had become. I drank to bury the doubts but it wasn't enough.
After five years the Realtors reorganized and they used the opportunity to walk
away with a nice severance package. Still I wasn't mean from politics.
I spent 92 raising pack funds for GOPAC, the political organization of Newt
Gingrich. I also worked the GOP Convention in Houston that year.
The drinking in doubts about what I was doing for living increased and I finally
crashed under the load 94. During my recovery my old political guru Eddie
Maye came calling again his political consulting firm had by that time
morphed into a more strategic business communications operation that
handled crisis situations other matters for companies.
In the summer of 94 I was on a plane to Montana to help echo
Bay minds of Denver with a due diligence study on a prospective gold mining
operation. I would spend much of the next few years traveling around the world
for echo by another clients. I also returned part-time to journalism
starting Capitol Hill Blue in October of 94 and taking freelance writing and
photo assignments from our services national publications.
My last brush with political work came in 1999 when the Eddie Maye company signed
on to help the Vermont Republicans try and regain control of the state
legislature. The campaign centered on GOP opposition to civil unions.
When I saw the homophobic material the Republicans planned to use the
campaign it sickened me. I opted out of the campaign and with it
the beginning of was the beginning of the end of my involvement with Eddie and his
partner LaDonna Lee. The Eddie Maye company later merged with law firm in
Washington. I re-proved a re-turtained full-time to journalism.
My wife and I began to spend more and more time at a farmland in south
western Virginia mountains. In 2004 we bought additional property in a home
there sold our home in the Washington suburb of Arlington, Virginia and left
Washington for good. I returned now once a year to speak to the Washington
Center for Politics and Journalism. The plan two years sabbatical from journalism
turned into more than a decade and we spent 23 years in Washington.
The money the adrenaline rush into power politics seduced me without question.
I made a lot of money and the money gives us a good quality of life now.
I love the action that I regret made the things I did while working inside
the political system. The self-loathing contributed I'm sure to my alcoholism
but it was easy to find prevalent in political circles.
With 12 years, three months and 23 days of sobriety under my belt,
I can look back at my years in politics and be truly ashamed of what I did
and the name of a political party in its self-serving causes.
The irony is that while it worked for Republicans and ever was one,
I wasn't in still and not anything. I've been independent all my life and have
never registered for any party or voted a straight ticket.
Those years in politics allowed me to better understand why things happen in
politics and the government that the political system controls.
It's a corrupt system driven by greed and a lust for power.
It's a system that must be changed if America is to survive.
I'm ashamed of me the things I did as a political operative and will do anything
to help bring about the change that's needed.
I was part of the problem now. I hope to be part of the solution.
That's your boy Doug Thompson.
Great. I'd like that. I was rich and know all those things about Dirty.
I did not.
Especially working for all those Republicans.
But nevertheless, never too late to start learning.
I'm saying.
Right.
Like you said, three power.
They're all about your course.
Sure.
Because what he's trying to say.
And we've got a hundred and one vote.
How do you like that?
The biggest name.
So best.
We're telling you this.
The Unrotors.
Forth Radio 560.
The UAM.
That's the same called theme.
But you can call me Chelsea.
Whenever I'm in town, I listen to...
Wait a minute. I am in town.
It's the 12th of one hour.
That.
You can work for my internship at the Uhrigings and Giant.
Oh.
Well, I don't want to show you what a fake ass said.
I was. So you're a hand-hop.
You're done. You're going to fight somebody good enough.
But don't my baking pants?
It ain't easy.
Right now, cheers. I love it.
Be coming back.
Outside of you, I'm going to look for it in the encounter.
If you want to know what I'm saying,
if I'm shutting that transmitter to the outer end.
Why, that's easy.
You.
Oh, you need his bow.
Oh, you need his bow.
Oh, you need his bow.
You don't blow.
I'm going to look for it in the distance.
Key 2015
I'm going to go fight him.
I'm going to fight him.
12-1-560, everybody come in.
It'll never be like old times again.
You can be sure of that.
You know what?
Thank the Lord.
It's all I can say for that.
Wow.
So here's a little bit more.
Not much more.
And of course, just another shooting, another school in America.
Cass and Oby Wisconsin, a principal was shot today in a role Wisconsin school.
A suspect was taken into custody.
I didn't say before that it was a former student at the school.
It doesn't even say that here now.
Since all the children at Western school were reported safe, the principal was apparently shot several times,
but his condition was not immediate.
But if he was shot several times, he'd probably be ill and wouldn't think.
Right.
Come out of 19 votes on the pool, man.
We're going to make something in the day before two o'clock.
We're going to really do.
We're going to make like a chop liver.
Just in time for young Kipper, baby.
Don't forget, eat some good troughs Sunday night after Sunday.
I will.
Who won when truly eat at a burn in a hell with B.L. Zabab.
And of course, don't forget to Il Diablo and the Chupacabra.
All of these things.
When you hear this, I mean, not that I really care, but it just, I just become overwhelmed with this crap, with this swill.
Maybe you can explain this to me.
All right.
Reality TV star, Anna Nicole Smith, exchange vows with boyfriend Howard Case Stern on a boat near Nassau,
but there was no formal marriage in the ceremony.
He's not legally binding her attorney Michael Scott said today.
All right.
Then her kid just died.
Yeah.
You'll find this a little bit of timing to be a little bit peculiar.
Sure.
Oh, I thought maybe it was just me.
No.
The exchange of us to play some board at Katamaran yesterday, 18 days after Smith's 20 year old son, Daniel,
that as he was visiting her at an ASA hospital, where she'd given birth to a baby girl.
The couple exchanged vows before God.
That's still God.
But did not obtain a marriage license, God told the Associated Press.
Stern said he's the father of the baby of the 38 year old former playboy playmate.
And next boyfriend is disagreed.
Everybody wants to be that kid's daddy.
The 38 year old former playboy playmate, it says again for the second sentence in a row, has been mourning the death of her son.
Well, obviously she's in deep mourning.
She sold the pictures.
It was pictures for what?
About $8,600,000 to the tabloids.
Right.
And now she's getting married.
Three days earlier, her daughter was born to the same hospital where he died.
She married Bill Smith in 1985, giving birth to Daniel before divorcing two years later.
She went to Texas, oil tycoon, J. Howard Marshall, the second in 94.
When she was 26, he was a mere 89.
He died the following year.
She has since been involved in legal disputes over the estate.
There is absolutely no question in my mind it was true love.
Authorities in the Bahamas were waiting their own toxicology results.
And the police report on Daniel Smith's death to determine whether a jury in quest is necessary.
So he hasn't even been buried yet.
And so you exchange vows with Howard Stern.
Anybody really, should we really care about this story?
No, not really.
Just play the slot.
Right.
Once a slot always a slot.
Right.
And who the hell cares about that bitch anyway?
Not me.
Two votes for Martin Machine, he's in last place.
And Jimmy Franco's got four.
Wow.
Get that pizza proctuary.
You know it's got like four different things on it.
Speaking of that, speaking of food, this story is, well I can vouch for this.
It's enough to make me crazy.
What do you want to look like that?
If you wonder why my mental state is the way it is.
Why?
Oslo teens who drank the most sugary soft drinks.
Why don't you drink sugary soft drinks by a sure consume plenty of sugar?
Sure.
Who drank the most sugary soft drinks also had more mental health problems such as hyperactivity and
distress, according to Norwegian report yesterday, region.
The study of more than 5,000 Norwegian 15 and 16 year olds onontalmarked fully, he'll want their pictures.
Showed a clear and direct association between soft drink intake and hyperactivity and a more
complex link with other mental and behavioral disorders.
They surveyed the students asking them how many fizzy soft drinks with sugar they had a day and then questions from a standard
questionnaire used to assess mental health.
The teens who reported skipping breakfast and lunch were among the heaviest soft drink consumers,
Dr. Lars Leyen and colleagues at the University of Oslo found.
There was a strong association between soft drink consumption and mental health problems among
Oslo 10th graders they wrote in their report, published in the American Urinal of Public Health.
The association remains significant after adjustment for social behavioral and food related disorders.
Most of the students said they drank anywhere between 1 and 6 servings of soft drinks per week.
Oh yeah, right.
One can per week, even duck can do better than that.
Those who drank no soft drinks at all were more likely than moderate drinkers that have mental health problems of a searcher said,
but those who drank the most more than 6 servings a week had the highest scores.
They were doing the red routine, a red routine walking around going,
for hyperactivity there was a direct linear relationship.
The more so does the team drink, the more the most systems of hyperactivity here she had.
He she.
So quick drink and I'm sugar-weighed soft drinks baby.
Sugar will drive me nuts, it'll kill you.
I mean that's why people like it like it says get so hyper that's why all those little kids are like bouncing off the wall
because of all those damn sugar-weighed and breakfast series you people are feeding your little kids.
That's poison.
There's absolutely poison and I'll tell you what I love the most is frosted flakes.
Oh yeah, I could eat a whole not just a whole regular little box,
but you know those family style boxes like the one our Goldstein brought out at that day remember that?
Mm-hmm, right in one box like for a family of 10 and was eaten in the cereal right out of the box.
See is this water cow.
I could do the same frosted flakes.
In fact it's a damn good thing for him it wasn't frosted place he brought in because I'm gonna grab that box right out of his hand and store it and steal it.
Man, and you talk about addictive.
Woof, you can't eat only one box.
Just keep shoving it down you know.
And it's just it's pure sugar.
Not so much sugar, that's why if you feed your kids all those sugar-weighed cereals man they're gonna go nuts.
They're gonna bounce off the walls they're gonna do horrible things and they're gonna one day go to school and shoot the principal.
Stuff like that.
When you think?
Or grow dreadlocks and shoot cops.
There you go.
Or just eat a lot of locks and bagels on your own kipper right after sundown.
That whole business man is just all the religious, all the trappings and all the crappings and all the pomp and ceremony and circumsurfing.
It's part of the whole indoctrination process.
Like the people crossing themselves.
Where did I just see was it a jockey?
I just saw was it a ball player.
I don't know somebody just saw it.
Yes, it was a TV and this made me wonder vomit.
Huh?
Yeah.
What is that supposed to do?
In other words, the jockey who the jockeys that don't cross themselves they have a less chance of winning because if you cross yourself guys
God has got to put you across the finish line.
God's placing bets on the most from them.
Now I see.
David from.
Well there's a real piece of turd.
Speaking of turds, art will limitate celebrity life on NBC's law and order.
In an episode that begins filming this week, Chevy Chase guest stars as the TV celebrity whose views religious effethens after being pulled over by police for drunk driving.
The episode titled In Vino Veritas has scheduled an November 3rd.
Although there are similarities between the episode and Gibson's recent legal troubles, a spokesman friend BC noted that the long-running law of the drama series is completely fiction.
Chase 62 is a member when we know about that and we know about this candy shack and we remember him when he used to be very funny.
Long ago, Gibson's latest film Apocalypse was slated for release in December.
This is a crazy person.
Yep, yep, too much booze and too much hate.
Congratulations.
That's right.
Speaking of that, speaking of good old hate, a quarter of a million Iraqis have said their homes and registered as refugees in the past seven months that have released yesterday shows.
A minute of upsurge in violence that has accompanied the Ramadan Holy Month.
Oh it's a Holy Month, let's go about, you know what?
This is the best idea.
Of course, young kippers come up Sunday at Sunday.
So all of the different religions have their holidays, their holy months.
Any time it's a holy month, the best thing to do is go out and kill some people.
That's right.
Gotta like you better.
The sectarian killing continued in Baghdad where police said they found the body of 40 victims bound tortured and murdered in the last 24 hours.
Killsle people.
The US's violence in Iraq has surged in the last two weeks, whether this week counted the most suicide bombs of any week since the war began in 2003.
When a counter says it's Ramadan, it's time to kill some people.
That's it.
The US forces predicted a surge in violence with Ramadan and have proven right so far with bombings and clashes, mountains and Sunni Muslims began observing the Holy Month on Saturday.
On Shabbos, the registered refugee figure showed 40,000 families, 240,000 people claiming assistance up from 27,000 families in July.
The figures did not include an uncounted number of Iraqis who moved home without claiming aid.
The reason for this increase is that the security situation in some provinces has deteriorated considerably, forcing people to leave their homes in fear for their lives and migration ministry spokesmen, Sattar, and no rules.
The US is a country of war, and the US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war, and the US is a country of war, and the US is a country of war, and the US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war, and the US is a country of war, and the US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war, and the US is a country of war, and the US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war, and the US is a country of war, and the US is a country of war, and the US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war, and the US is a country of war, and the US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war, and the US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war, and the US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war, and the US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war, and the US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war, and the US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war, and the US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war.
The US is a country of war.
Who has been working hard to get?
The
ted
way to go season. Call 954-237-7083 or just log on to their website, hurricaneshutteroutlet.com.
The biggest name of the best health care system, real rogers, 4th radio 560-SUAM.
WIOD. I hate that station. Attention single sports fans. Are you lonely? Do you long for a companion that's only interested in sports just like you? Well by now you should know any chances of dating women are out. So how about a man friend? Sports date. The date.
Stating service for men who are only comfortable with other men who talk about and can keep their eyes off other men but insist they are straight can help bring together sport whole fanatics that have the same fetishes you.
Kenny is my friend. We listen to all sports radio all day and go to college basketball game to share for somebody else's kids.
Yeah we do. And I dress them up like the football player and pour a bucket of water on them like a golden shower to make them sweaty.
Oh yeah! Oh yeah!
Thank you sports date. Let's sports date help you find your dream date. Call now!
What 800 women are far into me. That's 1-800. Look my arm did. Hey guess what George Carlin zoomed ahead of a George Clooney thank God. How do I like that?
103 for George Carlin and 91 for the very boring George Clooney. What are great facts from our good friend Kathy from Detroit Dick Pertons friend although I notice Kathy writes facts to George Perez and the rogers.
Yeah George Perez. Hey what are you saying? He's in Z and in Z anyway that's close enough. Do you know they actually say Z here? Yeah that's funny. No it's not it's hysterical. Come on.
Bearing. It's embarrassing. It's sure it's hysterical. Anyway Kathy says I was thinking he will last night while sitting in Norma Kent's traffic were waiting to throw myself at his mercy.
They were proceeding to the wrong list as funny as your show and he dismissed both my tickets. By the way I did not mention the name till after he did that.
Well Kathy you can always hold it reserve you know what I'm saying. He says I was supposed to fly to Michigan in August with stops in Detroit and beaver island but health concerns kept me here in South Florida.
Hope you're well don't get listen to the show to off these days but think of you fondly best you both Kathy and PS how about them Panthers. Yeah that looked like I was one hell of a crowd for that.
Trashing his Chicago last night kind of a bad start there were down to nothing and the Panthers just kicked their ass man the pathetic black hawks. 6-3 I saw a little bit of that.
I was looking for some fans in the stands didn't see too many hope be negative now.
Hope be negative you get Alan what's his name all of a set again Alan Cohen and his brother Marty.
Now this talk about idiots man I'm not necessarily saying Alan Cohen necessarily Mark Cuban even Josh would know who that is it's an idiot.
Okay you like him sometimes I do when you all like him now you're right.
Vigilator investor and dot com veteran Mark Cuban at harsh words for you.
Cube the online set that loves people share video clips saying only a moron would purchase the wildly popular startup.
How do you like that we love you.
Cube right.
For the time being.
What do you mean by that?
Who knows what it's going to be you know everything changes.
No.
Cube and co-founder of eights Dean at an owner of NBA's Dallas Mavericks and got a mouth like a toilet also said yesterday that you.
Cube would eventually be sued into oblivion because of copyright violations.
They're just breaking the law of Cuban told the group of advertisers in New York the only reason it hasn't been sued yet is because there's nobody with big money to sue you.
Cube based in San Mateo California specializes in serving up short videos created by everyday people like a slide of family stone would say everyday people you got that I don't know it you got it.
It's popular with more than a hundred million video showing daily has spread speculation the firm will be sold or taken public.
There you go.
Slide the family stone baby and you you do this and I do that.
What the hell is James right here.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it right.
I'm going to do it right.
I'm going to do it right.
I'm going to do it right.
I'm going to do it right.
I'm going to do it right.
I'm going to do it right.
He's got four.
He's got four.
Well the reason I was a little suspicious about him is in that movie you know he gets it in the end.
I'm in the end of the movie even Josh saw that he died in the end.
I shouldn't say that the runes it for you but I mean it's obvious he's the label time they're all dead.
That's right everybody died and there was slashing and heaving and just all kinds of crack going on.
They were heaving.
Well you'd be heaving too.
A lot of blood and guts around you.
But anyway it says you come under scrutiny because users often post copyrighted material including music videos produced by well established artists.
You.
Cube.
Representative is not immediately available to respond to Cubans comments.
Cubans said anyone who buys that is a moron because of potential lawsuits from copyright violations.
Yeah.
There's a reason they haven't gone public they haven't sold it because they're going to be toasted.
He said he assaults Stratif's to Yahoo Inc. and Compusur.
You.
Cube.
Which has nearly a third of the US web video audience three times that of Google and twice that of News Corp's charts my space is they're working on signing licensing deals with music companies and TV networks to ensure they're paid when users view their content.
This month you cube unveiled its first deal to distribute music videos legally from a major music company by agreeing to a deal with Warner music group home to pop stars James Bluff and much done.
In other remarks being well the often controversial Mark Cuban also told advertisers that the reach of you cube is limited.
Dispressive when it comes to user generated videos.
Users generated content not going away.
He said but you want your advertising dollar spent on the video of Antjene.
Lachia and her niece tap dance.
I said depends on what Antjene and her niece are wearing in the video.
Somebody put up something really good and you get what 60,000 USE added during the event of advertising week in New York.
You.
Cube.
Now offers ads through banner ads promotions and sponsorships.
It says it's got plans to roll out a range of different advertising options over the coming year.
Cuban cars and advertisers against investing heavily in so-called viral campaigns that are spread by users beyond their initial point distribution on you.
Cube.
Another video sharing sites.
But it's how the opportunities to run commercials on high definition TV such as his HD net TV network.
Oh what a surprise.
What makes viral so special is it's hard to do with so hard to plan.
It's hard to stand out.
He said describing 99% of money advertisers spending on viral campaigns is being wasted.
You guys love to be the trailing edge he said.
Got a big big mouth okay.
Why do you mind his own business you know what I mean?
I don't know.
Because I have it like you.
You.
You say excellent resource.
And we have some of that stuff on our website.
Not that we put it there you do understand.
Of course.
It's just some we do.
Well we don't have it on our website we have it on our my space page.
Correct.
Some of you all can go to jail for that.
But everyone else.
That's right.
So does everybody in their brother-in-law's got that crap.
So what's the big simous mark okay.
If you pipe down you big mouth.
It's goof bag ball whatever he is.
Goof bag.
What are so limited words we can say.
1257 votes on a poll today we apologize for not being one of those real really neat polls like yesterday.
Oh that's baggery you know.
Who is your most trusted celebrity?
None 383 we don't trust celebrities good for you.
I hate this poll another 150 12%.
George Carlton has come from nowhere.
Thank God.
I thought of that this morning.
How did he come up we were talking about something.
I think you said we were.
I think I said hey better get him on the poll you said not a bad idea.
And now he's got a hundred and sixty leads the pack.
Because he used to be really have you know great years ago used to be sure.
George Fuling 91.
Michael's a Fox 70 Tom Hanks 64 Morgan Freeman 63 great actor.
But what are we trust about Morgan Freeman?
Ron Howard.
I guess if he were taken money out of the ATM Morgan Freeman was standing behind you.
At least he wouldn't be nervous.
So what I'm saying.
I see if it was that guy with dreadlocks from from from Lakeland you see the difference.
Ron Howard 60 Susan surrounding 45 Oprah's got 40 that's all the women in our crowd Rachel raised got 40.
So there's 80 right there we had 80 women James Rose owns 35 Mel Gibson's got 29.
Jane Ponda 18 then's a Washington 18 Dan Marina's got 13 honey like that.
Is that just a coincidence you think Josh is that like a symbolic they love daddy.
All number 13's got 13 wow man let's put Matt Sundey on there and see if he can get 13.
Just kidding don't put him on it.
Reese with a spoon 11 Tim Robbins eight Sean Penn seven James Franco's got four and Martin she's got two Franco American man.
I've eaten plenty of that.
You know what's really good I don't want to go through it again because you get you get nauseous every time I say it.
What? Oh yeah.
He just can't do just in the right.
I know and I'm hungry thanks you're killing my appetite right to American spaghetti man get a can of that.
Put in the bowl you take a couple pieces of Swiss cheese and you like you know take a fork and.
Shoot it all together on and you put that in the microwave until the cheese all melts into the pasta you know I have a better idea.
Take the Swiss cheese eat it take the can of Frank will American and throw it at a cat.
Man you are so negative it's just it's terrifying.
Oh there's a speaking of a negative and terrifying me that man hunt suspect is over where he's dead.
Yeah poke county.
Folks all that Annie are men like women woods and cotton peeve.
He didn't look like enough standing citizen to me I don't know that's probably a racial thing with me.
Maybe it's the dreadlocks.
I really wonder about people with dreadlocks you know they like worship every now and then like people with turbines like he keeps saying about some of these.
Inge of camera I asked they do take their turbine off and they watch it and they rerap really.
Or the dreadlocks go that is another question I'd like to have the answer to because I've seen seven and dreadlocks and they look awfully smudged to me.
I don't think you wash your hair with dreadlocks I think that's how you get them to dreadlocks if I'm not mistaken.
But you mean the schmutz life I'm not washing comes together with so in other words if you get enough filth in there enough.
What was that movie with all the ashes falling remember we were talking about that I lay Hill silent Hill now I would imagine that if you see.
You started out with like a good long head of hair after about half an hour in silent Hill you have dreadlocks word when you think absolutely I mean absolutely I'm not paying any attention to him word word my ass.
No seriously the big word because I always see that gray schmutz there and people I have dreadlocks and I wonder is that is that like dust and stuff in there is it accumulated over a long period of time.
Then they walk through silent Hill get all those ashes what is that dust in the wind oh that what it is 28 past noon 2001.
At 560.
Talk about living in the past.
Experience the difference in Mercedes-Benz of Pomano Mercedes-Benz of Pomano is now under new ownership and brand new management too.
And Mercedes-Benz of Pomano does matter what time of month you buy the vehicle whether it's the brand new 2007 E class they're full on convertibles or they're large selection certified free owned cars.
When you choose Mercedes-Benz of Pomano you've got over 200 employees dedicated to providing new within comparable service like complimentary load of vehicles and complimentary car washes and lots lots more to be sure to browse their indoor expo with over 150 new and used vehicles or click on Benz Pomano dot com on the wicked web.
Mercedes-Benz of Pomano they're open every day for you Monday through Friday 9 to 8 Saturday's 9 to 6 and of course on Sunday noon to 5.
Experience the difference call 1 800 new bans you'll find about I 95 and Copen's Road 1 800 new bans for Mercedes-Benz of Pomano a Mercedes-Benz dealer like no other in the world.
The biggest name so best talent to visit real rockers of the course radio 560.
The best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best
Yeah, I'd like to see some jihad nut job try to sneak a stick a dynamite on a move west flight. Nobody's that committed. So sit back relax and enjoy the safest flames in the sky and the sexiest. I love the flirty tinnitus. I love the flirty tinnitus. I love the flirty tinnitus. I love the flirty tinnitus. I love the flirty tinnitus. I love the flirty tinnitus. I love the flirty tinnitus. I love the flirty tinnitus. I love the flirty tinnitus. I love the flirty tinnitus. I love the flirty tinnitus. I love the flirty tinnitus. I love the flirty tinnitus. I love the flirty tinnitus. I love the flirty tinnitus. I love the flirty tinnitus. I love the flirty tinnitus. I love the flirty tinnitus. I love the flirty tinnitus. I love
flirty tinnitus. I love the flirty tinnitus. I love the flirty tinnitus.
what's wrong with these people he said why do they kill people of other religions
because of religion why do they hate these religions as fine as they're right to
exist why do they hate each other why does Sunni's kill she writes how do they
tell the difference here comes the picker they all look the same to me oh yeah
you so much sure do by the head year can you tell them apart speaking surely
after meeting with president Bush and vice president Jenny well right in
line with our pool today here's another one another survey and guess what magazine
it is I'll give you 85 guesses begins with F for dwarves Forbes ranks
celebrity power this isn't the who do you trust that was yesterday in one of
her first interview since giving birth may 27 to daughter Shrivel Angelina
Jolie says the more children I have the more I feel it's my duty to advocate for
women and children in developing countries Jolie who also has a son
Maddox for the daughter's a hero one graces the cover for the annual power
list of their hundred hottest movie stars musicians and athletes on the
stands today but she's not number one in fact you've tied number 35 was
Jennifer Amiston the ex-wife of Charlotte was daddy Brad Pitt oh here we go
with grand jolena again oh oh look at that it's a useful strategy because then
everything is working in the expectation of a of a fixed deadline in which the
insertions it's just a little way it's made up it's Kissinger's head in a box
that looks like one of those things you see if I could be you know at the circus
cardable at the carnival right like you know he's stick your head like you put
on a stunt body that's what that was man if he isn't dead yet he sure ought to be
anyway this list Tom Cruise takes the list top on her oh my god the reason
his look at it now this was dated June 16 okay his look at it sixty seven million
dollar back in deal for world the world Pitt is the only other solar
like from the top 20 you want to hear some of these on the list she won't have
only got like 87 all right Tom Cruise number one and then they show you the
paying million sixty seven rolling stones 90 million I wonder what period of
time that's for Oprah 225 million oh you two 110 million Tiger Woods 90
million athlete it says I thought he played golf athlete my ass number six is
Stephen Steele's fieldwork 332 million Howard Stern 3rd and 2 million what does
it say about Howard talking head 50 cent 41 million the cast is a pranos 52 how
can they have like a cast of a whole cast of a show hey the end ground 88
Bruce Brainstee in 55 million number 12 is Donald Trump 44 million Piker
Muhammad Ali in 55 million Paul McCartney 40 million George Lucas Elton John
David Letterman first Lucas by the way 235 million list for him Phil Nicholson
athlete it says but he plays golf JK Rowling that's that crap 75 million Brad
Pitt 25 million well he's a real Piker you know only 25 Tom Cruise 67 and Brad
Pitt 25 Peter Jackson director producer Dr. Phil McGraw 2245 million he's
number 22 on the list Jay Leno Celine Dion 40 million that bitch made Kobe Bryant
Michael Jordan Johnny Depp 29 million always like Johnny lot you know hey Johnny how
about a lone sweetheart Jerry Seinfeld a hundred million no that's got to be
based on on rerun rights or something in it I beg you Simon Cowell 43
million Michael Schumacher 58 million doesn't he isn't he a race car driver Josh
who Michael Schumacher yeah Tom Hanks 29 million so he's number one on the
head parade and the other one on the celebrity they trust the most but as
far as earnings he's and the power in only 31 Rush Limbaugh you know how much
he's made last year 30 million Denzel Washington desperate housewives they
had the whole list on their 14 million I sure hope they're giving it all of my
boy there Miguel whatever his name was what's his name Jesse McCamp Jennifer
Aniston Angelina Jolie the Olsen twins made 40 million there's hope for
everybody Nicole Kidman the Eagles Eagles made 70 million Rod Stewart you know
how much money Rod made about 30 man I don't know of paying millions I don't know
what that means is that like last year can't what he's gonna ask you out over what
I'm not gonna say hey he's number 41 shack with 30
about 30 man and then you got Jessica Simpson by the way 14 million of which
Nick Scott most of it now he's got his hands on it and the money too Neal
Diamond oh he's number 47 Dave Matthews band number 51 Tom Brady number 5229
million Hey Tommy Ray Romano 34 million Paris Hilton 7 million Ray Romano Adam
Sandler 29 million oh my god JLo 10 million all your kids out there because to
sure you don't have to have any talent whatsoever man Maria Sharapova 19
million how he buries is number 65 Leo de Caprio is number 60 70 made 25
million keeper Sutherland that gives me spilkeys he's number 60 made 23
million wow Reese with this boom 75 she made a
Puffer nine million Bill O'Reilly made nine million he's number 76 did he
home is number 79 made 16 million did he Rachel huh did he did he didn't
Rachel Ray is 6 million chef it says for her but she's so trusted though Dave
should have held 22 million he ain't even working anymore Larry the cable guy 19
million Regis is number 86 with 21 million boy he's way down there
considering works like a hundred jobs wow and for us her way to William she's
number 87 she only made a Puffer 10 million so there you go those are the most
I guess it's not right in terms of how much they made obviously celebrity power
rhymes with shower that'd be a good question what's the liberty would you like to
take a shower with besides James Franco how does Jimmy do them by the way he's got
four votes we're gonna divide them up just like a pizza pie get out one of them
pie cars get out one of them bus covers like they had a plane you know Martin
Sheenie's got a couple of votes we got almost 13th already we got 1298 that's
kind of great
thank you
good morning Americans it's Paul Harvey stand by for news Adam Miller of
Utica New York was showing off his new sports car to his girlfriend Cindy
McGillen Cindy was thrilled at the speed of the new car Adam said if I do a
hundred will you take your clothes off sure said Cindy well as Adam got it
up to a hundred sure enough Cindy peeled off all her clothes unable to keep his
eyes on the road Adam skidded off the road and flipped the car over the naked
girl was thrown clear but Adam was jam beneath the steering wheel going and
help he played it but I can't say Cindy I'm I make it in my clothes are gone take
my shoe said Adam and cover yourself holding the shoe up her into
medaria Cindy ran down the road and found a service station still holding the
shoe between her legs she pleaded to the service station proprietor please help
me my boyfriend Adam is stuck the proprietor looked at the shoe and said there's
nothing I can do he's in too far Paul Harvey good day good day call 4614 to 1
a Q a m here's a fact that says if you like Franco American would melt its
whist cheese try some shipway already mini-rappy only with some melted mozzarella
cheese says let's get yours he won't like it he eats everything to try it
it's just like Mikey in reverse it's just to try it he eats everything yeah I don't
know what I like lunch and cove yeah me too I don't know what's not to like yeah
let's have some lunch and cove for young people what do you say something after
sundown god all the gaskies all the time all the silly all the bubble my
seas speaker that Saudi authorities you know those real civilized Saudi
Arabians are good democratic friends are buddy Saudi authorities arrested 20
young men after rating a suspected gay wedding in the southern town of
jazan a newspaper reported yesterday Wednesday the detainees were among some
four hundred men attending the wedding party of two men on Tuesday had been
emulating women the all what on newspaper set in all some 250 people were
detained in the police raid on the party but the rest related released police
had arrested the one and people in release those who have nothing to do with
the matter the paper code they police commander saying some guess we're also
seen chewing q a t caught okay what and illegal narcotic widely used in
neighboring Yemen it said yeah man oh Yemen on a hill above the square where the
party was being held all what's on set homosexuality is illegal in conservative
Saudi Arabia which meets out strict punishments based on shrewiya or Islamic
law he found guilty the men will be executed at shop shop square out for their head
another fact for a lot of factors today it says don't you like the pope's new
lovely red wide brimmed head he just needs to borrow some tangerine lip gloss
from Peter Gravesily right to go I'm sure he better don't make up yet I'm sure
there I'm sure he's got them lovely gloss yeah now have you seen that spot with
Peter Graves the a guy-core spot no that yet heaven no where he says he put on
some tangerine lip gloss and open the door and realize it was the luckiest
woman in the world the one I was it's kind of cute oh my god speaking of
celebrities earning money you're gonna puke your guts out when you find this
when you hear this well although I'm not so sure if you can't stand this one I
know you hate Robert Downey Jr. like poison yeah although this one reminds me of
him a little bit after too much of negotiations two and a half men star
Charlie Sheen is close to finalizing a new salary pack will make him the
highest-paid comedy star in television today oh my god I love the Charlie oh
no sources that she learned about 350 grand per episode this season from the
producer of CBS Powerhouse Warner Brothers TV this represents a hefty
increase from his previous payday in the low six figures oh sources that CBS
is kicking in some money for the pay raise for Sheen as it's become common
practice for never some high-level actor renegotiation deals Sheen is also
known to have a significant profit participation stake in the series now in his
fourth season two and a half men never seen it you seen it no Josh never
never heard of it the top of the sitcom actor pay scale remains the nearly two
million dollars per episode Ray Romano pulled in for the final season of CBS's
everyone loves Raymond Raymond in 2004 and five I see a little bit of that I
hated it I give him two million just to shut it off she began when he
got sheing his deal in July shortly after Warner Brothers entered lucrative
deals to sell the syndication rights to the Tribune broadcasting stations and to
effects for cable effective 2010 for two and a half men speaking of that
story from Saudi Arabia American Airlines flight 45 departing Charles
de Gaulle 1040 AM arriving at JFK at one each afternoon is a tourist delight
time just right to avoid late checkout leaving in time for one last drink it
says they do may Joe whatever who knows this French crap right I'm not reading
that on August 22nd the coach cabin was packed with vacationing New Yorkers
Ralph Jackson and David Lysner and seats 21 a and V were returning from two
weeks in France while Huffa Forbes crossed 21 F had stopped over in Paris on
his way back from South Africa Huffa assigned to seats 20 a and V were George
Tick's health Tick a celly that's it Tick a celly it's television journalist and
his writer Boyfriends Stephen Varnier we've been together only four months
Tick a celly said last week so it felt like a honeymoon
probably earlier British police had for the terrorist plot to blow up airliners
heightened security and delayed the flight by about two hours and past years by
the time they boarded we're ready to relax I had a Jose Cereau Mago book I was
looking forward to reading Lysner said and then I was going to take some
melatonin and have a little nap surely after takeoff Varnier nodded off leaning
his head on Tick a celly a stewardess came over to their row they
presser wants you to stop that she said I open my eyes and was like stop what
Varnier recalled the other day the touching in the kissing Mr. were to
said before walking away just like that scene where they're on the train in
tell the mr. Ripley and Matt Damon keeps putting his head on Zoodle Law
shorter you know you remember that I do Tick a celly and Varnier were taken
a back he could rest his head on my shoulder or the other way around we kiss
not kiss just muah he recalled making a smacking sound muah in the row behind
them were Lysner and Jackson they were like two loved words at Lysner who's a
classical guitarist for ob's cross a Columbia grad student was sitting across
the aisle had overheard the stewardess a decree too first thing I catch is you
have to stop touching each other he said and I'm like wow that's really weird
Lysner and Jackson were astounded lean forward to ask if they've heard
correctly when Tick a celly and Varnier confirmed that they had the four men
some of the stewardess has to speak with the persever a little bit later the
persever appeared at road 20 she was by all accounts common professional to
the men surprise you said she knew nothing about the incident had not instructed
the stewardess to tell Tick a celly and Varnier to stop touching each other which
stewardess was it she has one of the men put it out these stewardess a woman with
that Jackson put a Texas here like from the 1960s according to Lysner the
person wrote a rise and said oh say no more I know the persever asked the men to
describe what they've been doing in check knowledge that the behavior had
not been inappropriate Tick a celly and asked the stewardess if the stewardess would
have made the request that the kisses had been a man and a woman suddenly Lysner
said the persever became very rigid contradict him what she told them before
she stifly said kissing his inappropriate behavior on an airplane she then said
that she was busy with the meal service and promised to come back half an hour
later the persever be sure this time saying that some passengers had complained
about Tick a celly and Varnier's behavior earlier the men asked more questions
who had complained she couldn't say could they have the stewardess's name or
employee number no would the persever range for an American Airlines
representative to meet them upon landing at JFK not possible finally the
persever said that if they didn't drop them out in a flight would be
diverted after that Lysner said everyone shut up for a while maybe an hour
later the persever approach to Kassali and said that the captain wanted to
talk to him he went up to the gallium gave the captain his vines card the captain
told Tick a celly that if they didn't stop arguing with the crew he would
indeed divert the plane I'll actually go back to your seat and behave the rest
of the flight and we'll see you in the York he said Tick a celly returned to
coach Tim Wagner spokesman for American said that the stewardess's injunction
to the to the men was reasonable and would have been made whether the couple was
gay or straight our passengers need to recognize that they're an
environment with all ages backgrounds creeds and races we have an obligation
to make as many of them feel as comfortable as possibly said he had an
understanding is that the level of affection was more than a quick peck on the
cheek it was a quick peck on that while anyway but a customer service
representative named Terry reached last week on the telephone offered the
opinion that kissing on airplanes is indeed permissible oh yeah sure I've
seen couples who are on honeymoon she said they just don't want you to go into
the bathroom together well that's why they have a little tiny bathroom kind of
talk to do anything in there not really now one of those pink pantheon movies
remember when Peter Sellers had the broken leg yeah and was sitting with his
one of them like a broken everything like an arm up on us yeah his body was in
a cancini was trying to do his number in the airplane T-room that was beautiful
1213 125 votes holy moly rat man how do you like that and George Carlin is just
pulling away the biggest name so best talent for radio 560
so run to two hour morning America faces a great threat stability and security
and our government is doing everything in its power to confront and defeat
that threat we are expanding and strengthening terrorism these efforts are
paying off we have established the terrorists from the mountains of Central Asia
to the deserts of the Middle East and from the Horn of Africa to the Philippines
there is more to do and the next several months suicide bombings the headings
and other horrific acts can and should be accelerated and we're working toward
that goal we're doing everything in our power to invite disaster and by staying
focused and determined we will prevail thank you for listening
all right
let's abuse some more Christmas make them scream nice and loud get me some
was an about to be happy I don't care if they from my right to use you to the
torture because they're just playing their game in the past it had to be worse
with the dumb who say one o'clock at five sixty WQM Mr. Mad Dog will be here at
two o'clock and then the Humper from New York I once that race I forgot to
google it maybe it's the Metropolitan handicap maybe it's the Woodward stakes
maybe it's the I don't know what the hell it is roll the dice yeah whatever it
holds something host race in New York and hangs gonna be there this weekend to
a cover it with a blanket but he's big enough to cover it unless there's a few
of more than like 18 story speaking of horse racing Louisville Kentucky I
like that was that a pretty accidental segue or what that was miracle pretty
weak just like my psychic thing in woodbond on Wednesday otherwise thank you
I think she sent me a fax apologizing for getting my name wrong nobody did
hey listen Mr. Perez maybe she thought you were keen to pervert with sheriff
or at least they preferred part now she just pissed off because you want to try
the Franco-Mercans spaghetti with a Swiss season she's right you like it I'm
sorry right now Franco much it is mochi there's no question about that it's real
mooshy why would I eat that when I could have some good dream field firm pasta
mm-hmm that's where she's melted on it that's a good idea I think yesterday is
a matter of fact for launch can I get back to Louisville please
you asked army officials are taking a close look at whether a women in a
Kentucky National Guard unit posed nude for pictures with their M16s and
other military equipment authorities said a local newspaper reported that
it had a discontinuing 232 of the photos which they did not publish and did not
plan to publish editor and publisher is learned damn it yeah and everybody said
where now that we find them Andrew Wilson this low I've actually there gonna be
on you you before long each your hard-out mark Cuban and we're Wilson
disclosed the existence of this can be Louisville career journal they told
editor and publisher came from an anonymous source always not always the way
it is it was fine any more about this principle or what stay with San
animal keep you updated okay thanks this is not the kind of activity can
done by the command leadership of the Kentucky National Guard Lieutenant
Colonel Phil Miller a spokesman for the Connecticut Art School of
the told the newspaper but why not the allegations were reported the commander
the 410th quartermaster unit a week or so before the company shipped out for
rack august 26th from Camp Shelby Miss the newspaper reported a compact
disc contained 232 photos of at least a half of us new than semi-newed women
in various poses with military rifles and covering their breasts with American
flag decals any male said the women photograph were from the Kentucky Guard
Miller said 11 of the hundred and seven soldiers who deployed with a
landfill based unit are women the CD containing the photos was sent to the
paper via mail from an anonymous source after doing background checks and
some investigating the source was deemed credible when questioned about the
photos Wilson added military officials did not ask to see them or get papers
copy he assumes therefore that the military has its own copy several TV outlets
have asked the paper to release the photos but Wilson says we've been asked
for it by several TV outlets but obviously haven't given it well when when
they're gonna be on get a 90 share easy though see the batter back I just
could spill keys looking at that bitch it's unclear whether they were the
photographs were taken but some of the women are shown wearing dog tags and in
many photos and probably some of them deservedly in many photos reason in
inoculations like those given in preparation for service abroad are visible
one woman's photograph partially tied in the military in a former last name
is visible on the blouse site said the Kentucky Guard wouldn't confirm whether
a woman with that name works in the unit but Lieutenant Colonel Rich
see like spokesman for the first army of Ford Gillam Georgia said the at the
allegations are approved punishment could range from informal
reprimands to courts martial he said the investigation has been conducted in a
rack major Dylan sites a staff lawyer for the Kentucky Guard and Frank Ritz at
commanders there don't know how many soldiers allegedly were involved who took
the pictures of where how they were distributed Marsha Weinstein former executive
directed the Kentucky Commission on Women said there will be hypocritical the
punish women involved when there's a long history of male soldiers posting
penups in their lockers and of the US military flying in female sex symbols
to entertain mostly male troops I don't think these women should be court
marshals she told the career general and they ought to get like a some kind of
a metal absolutely quartermaster units provide logistics and supply support for
other troops and say I know just word of pen it to yeah I know where you can
come back home this is kind of interesting I thought movie rental show
our tastes are similar the problem is that the right hand margin this is
chopped off bad so I'm gonna like comfy and fun that's okay because it's not like a
real serious story it says movie rental show our tastes are similar you believe
that I guess I got no choice that story says does it sometimes seems like
Netflix knows you taste better than your friends your spouse even you would
ask you love it the DVD rental several more you offering a movie for sale that
yes by God you did love now they can tell you what everyone else loves to a
new feature lets you pop in a zip code to find out what's popular anywhere from
Anchorage to Kalamazoo to Tennessee to anywhere else recognized by the post
office you have to take the Netflix folks at their word a lost got us
California based company doesn't give out specific numbers but it's an
entertaining look at taste across the country New Yorkers perhaps not surprising
we seem to like French films about what a lot but not as much as films about
New York well I'm trying to read the in Miami Cuban films I'm like not
a listen so on and yet an important caveat the geographical location gives
you not the top one isn't a particular area only gives it as high as
people they're ordered much more than other Netflix members and so we
wanted if I would a straight top rentals list what would a straight top
rentals list look like a various areas with the same interesting with the same
interesting regional qualities player rule the answer not so much turns out we
all pretty much like the same things and it's what you think crash for
example the surprise ask winner about racial straffin LA was number one not only
in LA but also one of the list we asked Netflix for Boston New York City
buildings Montana Albany and in Miami and Mobile Alabama came in number two
crash mobile's first choice mr. and Mrs. Smith the film that spawned
bran jolena was in the top three on all lists except for Boston were came in
number five and so on the Johnny Cash biopic walk I walked walked the line was in
the top ten everywhere except Miami yeah hotel Rwanda about the 1994 genocide
in Rondo was on the top ten everywhere except Mobile clenese was million dollar
baby and events won oh and Wilson buddy comedy wedding crashes were universally
popular this is marginally interesting you don't think it is largely power to
the Caribbean is gonna work everywhere says John fifthian president of the
National Association of Theater Owners of the Johnny Depp vehicle that's the
year's biggest hit but there are no differences to be statistically relevant
family pictures for example rate a few percentage points better in the middle
of the country our rated fair plays better on the coast foreign films play
better in big cities but are spreading somewhat foreign films those furaners
the new Netflix features them from internet and journal research the company
was already doing he wouldn't give out the numbers Steve Swassi spoke from
Netflix but said the weekly list are tabulated using a complex
analization of how members add and subtract from their cues scientific enough
to results are often intriguing and show that in many but not all areas we like
to watch well ourselves to with this week in Alaska northern exposure tops
to listen to fair banks in Juneau that's the TV series about quirky
cicely Alaska Sicily cicely and the city Sicily yes I thought that was
by Italy in the Phoenix people of Kevin Costner and Wyatt Earp Specialist in
which featured tombstone Arizona and Washington DC documentary on local drug
dealer top stylist in Hawaii it's a film about surfing staged in Hawaii in
Savannah Joja number two was eastwards mid-med in the garden of Bonneville
about the city's infamous murder case in New York City Rick Burns
historical series New York topstall is New York stories is up there and it goes
on it's kind of interesting but nobody at Miami walked the line was not
nothing that's because they don't have that many Yahoo's redness in Miami right
who speak English we don't have a lot of redness for most of the most big English
that's what you're always saying right this quoting you that's correct oh the
shooter is a student at the school but this must be a Wisconsin has an
obvious the students from grades students from in the grades pre K through eight
didn't they say before was a former student at the school they lied through the
police arrived and and scared the building they were sent home on school buses the
nine through twelve students were taken to fifteen-year-old students out the
principles in custody fifteen-year-old kid with a gun okay
consul guns crazy people with guns that's the American way who is your most
trusted celebrity that's our dumbass poll question today and in spite of being
dumbass we're gonna have fourteen ever votes by the time we get down out of here
two o'clock aren't you impressed I am medium for piece of crap poll like this
well none four hundred sixteen mister thirty point seven percent I hate this
poll another hundred and fifty seven there's another eleven point six percent
so there's over forty two percent right there between none and I hate this
poll George Carl and who came out of nowhere hundred and twenty four votes that's
because we have a good memory George clueless ninety six Michael J Fox seventy
one Tom Hanks seventy Morgan Freeman sixty six Ron Howard sixty two Susan
surrounding forty five Rachel Ray forty four Oprah forty three well but she's
not going to be too happy Rachel's engine her ass out James Rose owns thirty five
Mel Gibson thirty two Jane Fonda eighteen guys I watched in the eighteen Dan
marino sixteen Tim Robbins thirteen Reese with his spoons got lucky thirteen and
she sure got lucky when she married to what's his name Ryan Philippe who's much
prettier in shoe well he's actually Sean Penn's got eight James Franco still four
we still got him divided up into quarters and Martin Sheen's got only three out of
thirteen fifty six I thought you had a problem with Martin Sheen no that may just
Robert Downey Jr who you hate like poison which yeah Croco wicked death yes I'd
like to help him even worse than Ken who reads yes hey Kenno you ferry he's from
Toronto by the way you know that Kenner reads what it done well it goes to
sure that no place in the world is perfect the biggest name so best talent
the best is the Roger sports radio five sixty you
Five
fired
about the Muslims and what they've done.
Are you sure a set fire to some churches?
They shot the children on.
They say they're not really violent.
They say they're not really mean.
All those Muslims are men and men and it's 16.
Then it's 16.
You're ferret.
What did he say?
They make those Muslims so angry and act that way.
Maybe it's because he's from Germany.
He dies of shoes and little Nazis.
Then it's 16.
Now they're protesting in cashmere.
They're all going insane.
It's the proper snow homies.
They say the most defame.
All over the Middle East.
They're burning up with cheese.
Almost no time man and men and it's 16.
Almost no time man and boy and it's 16.
Rob Hutziliol Kui would mess the red shoes.
Speaking of that, the Vatican's foreign minister said this week that misunderstandings between cultures is greeting a new barbarism.
Expressed after reason and that reason and dialogue with Staphozoos are used to their faces of pretext for attacks.
Well, better be a late learner than never learned at all.
In his speech on the closing day of the UN General Assembly's ministerial meeting,
Giovanni La Holo said,
Experiments are far from devout and undermine the very religion they claim to defend.
Violent reactions are always a falsification of true religion La Holo said,
and the passage devoted to the Pope's September 12th speech in Regensburg University in Germany
that got the Muslims all whipped up into a frenzy.
La Holo suggested the anger may also lie in the lack of understanding between religions and a schism between reason and faith.
Oh yeah.
How do you just start spiritual?
Well, that's why you don't understand any of this stuff.
You just have to have a little more on the spiritual side.
If you're going to be a little more Jewish and kissy kissy to Israel and all those butchers over there,
then we'd like you a lot more. Too bad.
Wait till you hear this. This is really, this is the most bizarre, really bizarre.
Color experts.
Now what paper is this in? This is over the Seattle Times. Well, I figure.
Color experts. Can you know that there was such a thing as color experts?
Yeah, I guess there are.
Including a Bainbridge Island woman looked into their cups and saw the future.
It says Seattle clearly has credibility when it comes to coffee,
which you might not realize is that coffee rather coffee giant Starbucks can claim partial credit for another cultural trend.
The rich, deep brown, likely cluttering your claws, covering your sofa, even sitting in your flower vase.
Is that that brindle brown they're talking about?
I don't know. In the mid 1990s, when Starbucks was popping up everywhere, most people found themselves buying,
gland up coffee, but color forecaster and Bainbridge Island resident,
Leifris Eismann spotted something else going on. She's a color forecaster.
Eismann executive director of Pantone Color Institute noticed a change in public's attitude,
especially among the younger generation, toward the color dark brown,
which previously had an earthy utilitarian reputation as in a dark brown splot on your pants like that story yesterday.
Now in word association studies people describe brown as rich and robust as opposed to dirt or earth,
or schmutz. Eismann thought this was no coincidence.
Brown coming in a more elegant kind of way can truly be attributed to Starbucks, she said.
What are they going to put this woman in a padded cell? You really believe this crap?
No. She says they literally invented this whole new concept of it's not a cup of coffee, it's espresso.
Eismann is part of a specialized group of professional forecasts,
who are the invisible force, influencing what colors walk down the runway,
and the shade of paint on your living room walls.
They spot concrete phenomena such as Starbucks that power a trend and come and put the forecast.
Listen, this is important for us right now.
Oh god, I'm going to put that story up. Put it in my pocket.
It's got even a timeline here.
1995 to today, Brown shows up in interiors early and is still strong today,
as in this dark brown sectional sofa from ABC Home Meta shows,
then 2005 to 2007, Rich Brown says in these hot chocolate callus, what's the ALLS?
Callus? Are getting attention at nurse-reason supermarkets.
Are you callus? Are you talking about callus?
Four casters, once handed down color predictions that were treated like edicts,
homeowners are still suffering the after effects of the 1970s era avocado,
but there's more to which trend than declaring your color is if and expecting consumers to follow.
Avocado, ooops. I don't want to eat it, I don't want to look at it.
The environmental movement, for example, is fueling green's popularity.
Forecasters noted the public's tolerance for the shade rose in the 1990s post-avocado,
people had little patience for green, and the growing popularity of environmentalism
has made a symbolic, a green symbolic and more acceptable color.
Likewise, the Starbucks inspired deep-rich Brown has cycled through clothes and the home,
although if there's brown cycling through your clothes you better get a bag.
Now cosmetic lines such as Bobby Brown have chocolate collections.
Bobby Brown?
You have got to be kidding. That's what it says.
Hey there, people I'm Bobby Brown.
The sea on the queue is boiling down. My car is fast. My teeth are shining.
I tell all the girls they can kiss my hiding.
Here I am, I'm at a famous school. I'm bread and sharp and I'm acting cool.
I got a cheer of eating here once they help with my faith, but they'll do all the work and maybe later I'll meet them.
Now cosmetic lines such as Bobby Brown have chocolate collections.
All of this is, I'm in the forecasting business for 25 years.
What do you do for living? I'm a color forecaster.
Demonstrates the color trend with stain power.
What's astounding to me, she says it keeps getting more and more momentum.
It's getting the big mold.
The building blocks the color forecasting, which includes pop culture, economics and technology.
The ones you are available, visible everywhere, but you have to know where to look.
It's not mysterious, it's Deborah de Bolsham, a fashion marketing professor at the Art Institute of Seattle.
It's an awareness of the mood of the times, the essence of the times, the zeitgeist of the times.
They're trying to figure out where these colors are moving from and where they're moving toward.
Color prediction as a separate industry took root in this country during WW1.
Milleners once said the color trends based on the Strauss emerging from Paris in Germany.
But with the war, they lost their pipeline of latest trends and wool and silk manufacturers decided to release their own color forecasts.
This is a whole world that we don't know anything about.
How depressing.
That led to the creation of what became the color association of the US.
Now one of three main color forecasting groups along with pan tone color institute and the color marketing group.
The groups are made up of professionals for industries including automotive, home fashion and others who regularly develop predictions and choose colors and palettes a year or two in advance.
The main difference among the three is their forecasting methods and different industries depend on different groups.
But their influence is un-un-deniable.
Their handy work keeps color modern and streamlines the shopping experience at the mall at the auto dealership and at the big box stores.
Oh yeah, who doesn't want a nice dark brown car, right?
Right.
They call the colors of the world of Worshams said you see the pipeline working that way.
You see colors happening to high end manufacturers.
You're going to see it in target unless the year and continuing to Walmart and Kmart.
I was living through a variety of magazines several years ago when a vivid yellow green popped out at her for an ad from the night.
The 2000 and made a movie Shrek still in production at the time.
I looked at the color of Shrek and I thought whoa, that's amazing.
She said the color had been on a circulation for years, but I's menu that the environmental the environmental movement may green more acceptable and that children are more open to whimsical colors.
Other factors see that for her that this was a color to watch.
Children watch below the films endlessly on video.
Shrek probably would have a sequel in fact number three is coming out the next year.
Another movie monster is in catacircure, sporting the same green.
Eisenman felt she had plenty of reason to believe that the movie would be a phenomenon and it would take the color along with it.
The bright yellow green color could hold into the adult market too as parents were influenced by what their kids watched and started to accept it their own wardrobes.
In fact, George and Joshua both rest up on yellow green today, I wouldn't be surprised.
Forecasts are quick enough that their projections are simply guidelines which consumers and manufacturers will modify.
The color association of the West comes up with 24 colors in a fashion forecast,
send director Margaret Walsh only a few will turn out to be being sellers, but all the colors will be used in some way.
But obviously the big one now is dark brown.
So if you have like an acid in your pants you say hey I'm a fashion plate.
I'm making a fashion statement right?
Huh? You call it runway mark.
Yeah right.
Of course maybe your fashion statement stinks but that's beside the point.
We're going to make 1400 votes to there.
Are you impressed or what?
On a poll that they obviously have nothing but this discussed and this taste for 1384,
1384 and James Franco is still back there on the bottom.
Boy he's spending a lot of time down there you know.
I know what you're thinking.
You're so thinking anything of this sort.
Anybody I like immediately is acid.
No, that's not my switchful thinking.
Yeah.
I could really give a crap less.
There you go and I'm sure Sokan either could he.
So what's the big deal?
Okay that's the big deal.
Remember that song?
I can dream can I?
Who did that?
The Quardettes?
We'll find out.
And wire sisters, you aren't going to have that.
I can dream can I?
Before you were away before you were born.
I think they were singing that on the hit parades.
Snooky Lansing and Jazzom McKenzie.
You don't have to do it.
Well that's the Carpenter's.
Yeah.
Obviously that'd be a little...
No.
I care and have a little piece of lettuce.
Have some gotter criss-weat.
No.
No.
Anyway that's as much as that.
Have a little hot air on rice.
No.
What a shame about her.
And actually on this show we admit that we like the Carpenter's.
Even though most of you do like the Carpenter's and are too much of a bunch of worstest to admit it.
I've been in the biggest name.
So even if you like the Carpenter's.
You'll watch for all 420560s.
See you 8AM.
