Alright, he goes back.
Feeling better?
No, a little bit.
What's up with you?
Blood pressure, high blood pressure, bad headaches.
I was doing a lot better when I got up this morning but then the last hour and a half.
A lot of idiots coming in there.
Yeah.
Yeah, Troy Stradford, Clarence.
Oh.
And so now by the time I'm here with him, I'm ready to go back to bed.
Don't let it get you.
Yeah, alright.
What you told me, just think about that check.
Yeah.
If you'd have been in the same position as I was Friday night at Pompoon O'Park,
finding out that they're trying to like, extort money from your clients,
you would have been too happy about it either.
You would have been too tough.
Oh, Pompoon O'Hide a problem with us?
Oh no, they're going to come with us.
They have a problem that I didn't know about.
That's okay, at least they called on them.
Goal streamer called her last week, closing weekend.
Yeah.
Nobody called them to get copy.
Well, that's because the place is in total state of disarray.
I hate to sound negative but the place is in case you haven't noticed is in total state of disarray.
And no matter what the question is, like, well, who's the general manager this week?
I don't know.
I don't know.
No matter what day of the week is it?
I don't know.
You know, so.
Yeah, they were trying to squeeze five grand out of Pompoon O'Hide like fund this best of Neil 30th anniversary CD,
which we're not going to have one by the way.
It wasn't my, the in the first place.
But nobody ever bothered to tell me about that.
And I told Steve Wolf, I said, if you people pay that money, I'm going to be so pissed off.
I said, don't do it.
Cancel it.
And they did.
Can you imagine that with a millions of dollars in damage that they just had there and just, you know,
a minute, missed a month of racing and they're trying to like put their whole program back together again?
And, you know, and just go and put the full court press.
Let's blow them off here.
I've only had them on for 30 years.
They, you know, to the light spots go away.
Yeah, it's not like we were oversold here.
And that's, you know, you just don't get that money back.
It was stiffer again.
You were right.
Like I told you last week, you sure had your thumb on it about him.
Yeah, boy.
No question.
So, yeah.
Ghostbite opens today.
Well, I hope you'll be, you know, called or betting it.
I will not be there.
Oh, no, I said it called or.
I know I'm done.
I'm opening day card is brutal.
Eight races.
In fact, I noticed I read in the paper because I was there for the three days over the weekend and believe you me,
I don't want to come back there anytime soon.
But they're encouraging people.
Go to call or invent the upstream because they don't want you to see the places and finish yet.
And we want you to be disappointed.
Well, they're very smart that way.
I took a tour on Saturday and it's going to be a, you know, it's going to be a,
the slot in podium is going to be incredible.
There are not a lot of seats facing the racetrack.
That's probably a good idea.
Yeah, right.
Why would you want to see the race?
They'd be up or right.
So, you know, they've got this big centerpiece walking circle that's behind a building that is spectacular looking.
But it's, you know, they're going to, you sit there and watch races on big monitors.
And, you know, these simulcast rooms, it's all about that.
They are, I think they're going to have about three or four thousand seats that actually face the racetrack.
That's enough.
Yeah.
Well, some days.
But it'll be nice.
I'm not going to judge it.
Let people, let the other people do that.
See how they like it.
That's right. Go out there and punch your guts out.
Yeah.
And please go to Pompadot Park because they got to be afraid of cost of that five grand that they're not going to pay, but they might have had to pay.
I wonder how many, I got the literature because Steve Wolf gave it to me.
So, I have the evidence.
It's really scary.
I'm going to talk about this on the show today.
It's just, it's frightening to me.
And I have nothing about this.
Absolutely nothing.
I didn't either.
So, is that Troyes Academy?
Yes.
Oh.
Oh, he was in there for at 50 minutes this morning trying to give me a stroke.
But I've got to be, but I'm, you know.
So, I take back what I've already said, well, Troyes transferred nice guy just another sales guy.
Not a nice guy.
He's just a self-serving.
He's just a regular sales hole.
Cycling the commission off a lot of accounts that we've had on for years.
It's a really sad.
So, I think like Gulfstream, what we ought to do is say, hey, all you radio people out there, all you listeners go over to $7.90 and try them.
We'll let you know.
We'll start running maybe an av campaign.
We'll run a sandwich board.
Maybe we'll get one of those planes that flies the message like Jeff Cohen does, you know.
Those banner planes.
Okay.
And the coast is clear.
You can come back now.
We got our act back together again.
We know what we think we know what we're doing.
It's amazing to me.
It's astonishing.
I went and saw an advertiser of mine on Sunday.
I'm beginning to feel like, you know, the people I'm endorsing.
I want to go see them to make sure everything's okay.
Yeah.
Well, no, what I started to say is I have no idea how many more of these things have been passed out and how much more money they're trying to extort from sponsors, you know.
I get the feeling that the company is trying to make it into a money grab for themselves.
Like they do.
Remember that online auction they had that embarrassment?
I remember that.
This is your time, we're on right now.
I said, the clearance.
I said, what the hell is that all?
He said, oh, well, it's another revenue stream for the company.
I said, stream on this.
Yeah.
Stream my ass.
Mr. Company man.
Oh, by the way, the accolminer's, they're all still alive.
It was a mistake.
First they were alive.
Yeah, not about that.
Now we're now we're going to sit here alive again.
Oh, they are?
They told us.
Let's just say it.
Oh, yeah, they told the families now that, oh, we made a mistake.
Yeah, they're dead.
Yeah, they died.
They died.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's not funny.
And we're supposed to be whipped up into a frenzy about that.
There's people dying all over the place every day.
But this is the TV event due to you, you know?
Like the other day it was the fires in Oklahoma.
Hour after hour after hour.
Thank God there was a lot of football games on it.
That's all I can tell you.
Lots of games to bet on.
Yeah.
Not a good pick on a dolphin patriotic game, by the way.
No, well, I didn't know the patriotic game.
Sorry, sorry, I saw any SPN Saturday morning or was it Sunday?
Yeah, I had a bad day.
Well, you know something that I didn't know that Brady was going to play a quarter.
And then Billetrix got the nerve to get as much as I love him.
He's got the nerve to come on and say, well, we didn't think that game.
How could anybody say that?
They told me they played the starters for one quarter.
Yeah.
And the fact that they had flutty do that drop kick.
That's a tell you how seriously they didn't want to see Pittsburgh in the first round.
That's what that was all about.
I will guarantee you.
I'll guarantee you that when that kid came off from a day after they scored the last touchdown
and were like a couple of seconds left.
Yeah.
And that kid Matt Castle, whatever his name he reported back.
He went over to the sideline and he actually a bell, it's like told him,
if you complete this pass, don't ever show up here again.
The guy was open.
Yeah.
He was wide open and he overthrew him by like 10 yards.
And what ball wasn't close to him.
Now, who would you rather play Pittsburgh, which is what I'm saying.
I would rather play Jacksonville, which is like, you know, got a good record.
But they're basically a girls team.
Well, we'll see.
But they, you know, they definitely didn't want to see Pittsburgh.
There was no question about that.
And now they take it.
They won't see Pittsburgh either because.
And you notice in the second quarter after they took Brady out in the starters,
the crowd started getting really pissed off and I don't blame them, you know.
If you're going to tank a game and not play the starters, don't, don't, don't,
you're going to give people a rebate.
You don't give them their money back.
Those people have been loyal for a long time.
Give them their money back.
Right.
Good luck with that.
Yeah.
So anyway, I pick up the paper today and lead on the Penn State game is in Florida State.
Two old men share it a late night out.
And I'm thinking it's me and Eddie Kaplan.
Yeah.
So big and a old man.
I'm so glad you brought that up.
Now, this Joe Pa, which I've never liked him in the first place, he just, I just,
I'm, something about him annoys me.
But his behavior on the sideline, if it was any other coach anywhere in the US,
he would have gotten kicked out in the first quarter that he kicked his ass off the field.
He's, he's like a half a step away from what he hates.
He behaves like a, a crazy person.
He's been like that for a couple of years.
Ernie, single play.
He's swearing and screaming in the, the veins are popping out of his forehead.
He's a crazy person.
I mean, I, I really don't give a damn what you guys think.
That's it.
That's him.
Crazy person.
Oh, and I learned something the other day when I was watching the, the Notre Dame game in a high definition.
I kept reaching the near patent Brady Quinn on a shoulder trying to give him some encouragement,
but they were, they were outman.
Yeah.
But I learned something that Woody Hayes claimed that he never played Notre Dame, never put him on the schedule
because he didn't want to divide the Ohio Catholics or royalties.
What's up about that is that's such a freaking lie.
Right.
Man, you know, these, these empire building coaches, you know, the bear Bryant and Bobby Bowman,
all these other guys, get a life already.
Will you please, what is that?
What is that all about?
That is their life.
That's pretty sad.
Very sad.
Well, I'm glad you're, I hope you're feeling better.
No, I'm, I, I was, I was feeling pretty good this morning and now my head is, I might just go back to bed.
I mean, I did the crossover.
We had a pretty good time here this morning.
I might just go back to bed.
Yeah, I'll do the rest of the show until they stop bugging the crap.
George is here.
Yeah, George is there.
Thank God for him being there yesterday because there's no way I could have done that show.
Yeah.
I had a trip back here from, from Hill.
Oh, that's another thing.
I don't know if you fly for Lauderdale or Miami Airport.
Uh, for Lauderdale.
That was my first experience there in years.
Now coming in, it was okay on Friday.
It was fine.
But I came back.
It's my bad.
Although, maybe it's like this every day, but I came back, um, what the hell did I come back?
Monday.
Monday, which was a big holiday.
Busiest day of the year.
Oh, my God.
That place was a man house.
Yeah.
And then you go through security and they had this zigzag line.
It's just zigz and zigz and it goes on forever.
And you think, is there ever any like security checker?
Or is this just a joke?
Man, that place was just, they have too many flights.
I was in terminal four air Canada.
And they have too many damn flights.
Like every five feet, there's another flight.
They got like four seats, you know.
And everybody's standing and milling around.
My flight was an hour late because of incoming was an hour delayed because of mechanical.
And I'm like wandering around and wondering like, here's San Juan and here's Montego Bay and here's Jamaica Mon and, uh, et cetera.
It's figured that Jamaica Mon...
One.
It's figured that Jamaica, do you know that there's a population of Jamaica, two million people,
and how many murders they had last year?
How many?
1,630.
Ooh.
The bees in the population.
The bees in the house down there.
Huh?
Did you know the beesleads have a house there?
Well, that's a good place for them.
I finally figured out what did Jamaicans like the best.
A good machine gun.
Man.
They've always had high crime rate.
A good machine gun.
Yeah, they like killing each other.
At any rate, have a great day.
They don't lose too much in their opening day card.
You know, you got to like see them.
I will not be. I'm not gambling today.
Come on.
I'm not.
What kind of spirit does that thing need your money?
That's a...
Those horses are hungry, man.
They're having a soft opening like they call it.
Yeah.
No, I know some people like that.
But I'll be outside today.
That's what I heard about Scoran.
I wouldn't know, but I'm saving myself for Saturday.
Okay.
What's Saturday?
That's when I'll be going back to the not racing
Gental Saturday after today.
Oh, I see.
No, we're going to have a spot sign promoting this or not.
I don't think they're advertising.
No, I call stream.
I call stream is not running a lot of advertising.
Oh, I see.
They don't want people there until they get their eye together.
Hey, listen, all you people out there,
go see Mofen's today, but don't go there, whatever you do.
And back to last year, they gave the other station the budget,
which makes me think they didn't want people there last year either.
Yeah.
And I'm sure they succeeded very well.
Have a great day.
Hey, you too.
And I'll call you from bed.
Hope you're feeling better.
See you.
Oh, God, your breasts are beautiful.
They try to get actors still on loud.
The government is still in your face.
They both bend, nose, where it don't belong.
So they can't ease drop on you.
All these civil rights are gone away.
They can put a camera in your room.
Our four farmers weren't these proud.
We're going in the graves now.
Now you'll know what's exactly what it's like.
To lose your pillow bright,
with the free and bolded white behind me.
Back to home.
The panchart to her stuff.
The white grandma's not a now kind up.
My goal calls can be tough,
but my poor Foxy may continue that.
Different realistic moves around.
And during the things she can't do.
To find out what it's like.
To have no pride in life.
Arbugar, 1013-560-W.
Wednesday, January 4th.
My first show of the New Year.
You said it about that or what?
Well, I'm a little scared actually.
Why is that?
Because I'm afraid that you might fall over any minute.
I just might actually.
If those people, I'm going to make the bodyguard of the audio from now on.
If Doug comes in, that's okay.
Because he's supposedly selling the show,
which is about the time somebody does.
But if those other people come in like the sales holes or clerics,
especially, just tell them, get out.
I just leave the old man.
That's right.
When you were your witness to it,
about an hour nonstop aggravation this morning.
I put all my fingernails off the whole while.
Were you really?
Especially with that toy thing.
I could just hear your blood pressure.
I'm trying to get it wrong.
I went and made my vacate.
I microwave vacate.
I just couldn't take no more.
You're not full of anybody.
All you are, just another saleshold.
I want to take them on the end stuff at your pocket,
which we all got to eat.
That's fine.
But that's it.
Everything I have to do is for him.
What am I going to drive a corvette?
You're an idiot, Troy.
You're just a skin-headed idiot.
I hope you and the salesmanager have a great life together.
Maybe he and the Curtis can allope.
That's Curtis Raymond Burr, by the way.
I don't want anybody to think we're talking about Curtis Stevenson,
who we like a lot.
Who's a good guy?
Who's on the ear?
This is our salesman, Librector,
who's a very thin skinned and very uptight,
and doesn't communicate with the talent,
because he can't handle it,
because he's drowning in a sea of incompetence.
But nevertheless, ten-fourteen,
we hope he had a great new year.
We hope that the year brings us all wonderful nachos
as somebody would say.
To do do do do.
And it is that time of the year, again,
for those New Year's resolutions.
This year, you have the best chance to lose weight
and get healthy again, balance for life.
And this year, we're going to help the beast up,
get him ready for his wedding day,
by providing him and his lovely bride,
by the way, with gourmet meals from Balance for Life.
Little spy told me his bride to lose an answer, too.
That's just what I'm hearing.
Anyway, what could be easier than getting three gourmet meals,
and two delicious snacks delivered right to your doorstep,
every day at your home, your work, your pup tent,
and still lose the weight?
Why would you want to join a gym, fight the traffic,
fight the crowds in the gym, follow somebody on a sweaty machine,
wait for the cardio equipment, and then quit after just a few weeks
out of frustration, and worse yet, still a big fat tub.
So, relax this year, sign up for the easy way to do it,
balance for life, get a weekly menu of menu selections,
and let them do all the work for you.
The meals come right to your doorstep, and you will lose weight.
They bring you that magic sack.
And in that sack is your food for the entire day.
Sit back and eat gourmet meals as your friends and coworkers
are rushing off in the dead of winter to the gym,
snacking on carrots, sticks, and rice cakes,
and we know how bad the dead of winter isn't so far to draw.
So, get in the zone with balance for life,
call them now tool free, 1-866-225-4543.
Aren't you considered about the dead of winter?
Yes.
I'm being considered about being dead in winter.
Call balance for life, tool free, 1-866-225-4543,
or check them on the web, balanceforlife.com.
Don't wait, make that new year's resolution and reality this year,
finally, for real, call balanceforlife today, 1-866-225-4543.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516-Q-A-F.
Who's gonna get a breaky of hope?
In an isolated region of the West,
comes the heartwarming story everyone is talking about.
What started as a fishing trip,
became something much more.
Jake Jillin-Holano, it stars in,
broke back mountains.
Oh, the brook lay back.
I can't move.
Hello?
The critics are raving about broke back mountains.
It's about a man with a broken back on a mountain.
I think that was a wolf.
That was a grizzly.
Oh my, I'm lost.
Now where am I?
That sounded like a homosexual.
Oh my goodness, you're hurt.
Definitely a homosexual.
Broke back a mountain.
Rated ass for extreme stupidity.
Now I'm sure neither one of you has seen that.
Yeah.
That's good.
Come on.
We have a little bit too late.
I think Jai saw it twice.
He liked it so much.
Anyway, here's your poll from,
here's my poll from yesterday.
I don't want you taking credit for it.
Because I was all set to come in yesterday,
but boy, so sick for that.
And it would long overdue for a few sick days.
Like today sounds good.
Wasn't I just talking not too long ago,
but it's been at least a couple of years since I had even one sick day?
That's right.
Oh, just wait a minute for the end.
I feel like it might be the end.
That's why I felt, let's see, two last night.
Oh please, don't let these people maybe run doing it.
That's true.
I'll be there for a few voting for Stale on the pool.
I like that.
That's why I put it on there.
I see Moan's wife have voted nine times a piece.
Why is America so much into guns?
Why is it the American?
Well, that's why I made 1426 votes.
They love my pool, man.
I may be old and fat and a faggy and stale, but they love my pool.
Why is America so much into guns?
It's the American F and W maybe 622.
I'll ride and you'll ride it is.
And they're exporting it up here too.
It's part of our culture, 191,
because they're basically violent, 146.
They don't trust each other, 138.
Americans are just scared, Schmittlers, 109.
Where would that one come from?
Was that one of my choices?
Some were called in.
Some were called in.
So I get out of here.
Because they can be 89.
They don't trust the government 72.
They should be bozen arrows, 48.
Yeah, I'll take my gun.
Yes, you're bozen arrows.
Most of the days of the week.
They love Chuck Heston movies, 11.
How do you like that?
Well, he had a tremendous impact.
He was one of America's best.
His best of it was nice spandex pants.
And he goes waddling away.
Oh, you know, it was on again the other night, fair night 911.
Cool.
And everybody ought to be forced to watch it.
They ought to be forced with toothpicks in their eyes to sit back in.
But they won't, and they don't care.
And they're all worried about the coal miners in West Virginia,
who were alive and then they were dead.
Now they're still dead, but who knows?
Maybe next time they'll be alive again.
It's like magic.
Oh, it's speaking of magic.
Oh, my God.
You know, Bob Hamilton, you want the Antichrist?
That mistake.
Wow.
I was there those three days.
So, you know, I get in the car and drive up to Pompa and the park.
And I'll get to that.
I got the two pages of evidence here, Troy.
I'm going to rip you and ask in your buddy Curtis Raymond,
whatever his name is, Bert.
He's going to have burrs in his saddle by the time I get to your wife.
What a scam.
Even no matter what you're involved in with this company, it terms into a scam.
In addition to which a bad scam.
You know, it's one thing to be a good scam artist like Jack Abramoff,
at least for a while anyway.
Oh, very good.
Yeah.
What they say, isn't it, isn't it convenient?
Isn't it convenient for these talking head channels that we got the coal mine disaster now?
That's right.
That's like a 95% of the time, as opposed to talk about Jack Abramoff,
all the time delay.
And what's the other guy's name from Ohio?
Bob, but me.
Just take up all the time talking about the coal mining disaster.
And last couple days ago, it was the fire, the wildfires in Oklahoma and Texas
and the plane with the emergency landing at Logan and Boston.
It's always something that we get out in for hour after hour.
So we don't have to talk about this other stuff, all these crooks in Washington.
And this latest business, they're saying,
might actually go back to the executive branch.
What did I say?
Up to 200 people might be tainted by the...
Right.
Taint the lie, either, man.
Bad news.
So here's today's poll that we're doing.
I'm starting to feel like my left hand is a young saffron.
I just said that for your honor.
No, it's true, a little bit just a little touch.
No, it'll have it a heart attack.
Since Claret's was in there, I was well-died on here and there, my phone was ringing out of it.
Is the bulk of this probably just showed up downstairs?
I might just go and get it, you know, or not.
I'm not going to sample it on here because...
Yeah, I'm not going to go into it.
There are so many loose ends, you know, just hanging all over the place.
And it's like, oh, we don't know nothing.
We don't know.
And nobody tells us anything.
You know, Claret's one thing to go through life is a total quizzling.
It's another thing to open up a mouth, have a little pair of balls and say, you know, what's the story here?
What's going on?
Greg.
But evidently, we don't have anybody in the building that's got the co-homes to do that.
Here's today's poll.
We did this long time ago and years ago as a matter of fact.
But back then, we only left couple of choices, you know, like three choices.
And I thought, well, let's give them a lot more bad choices.
Give them a chance for a cheap shot, even though they're all listening, of course, or they wouldn't be on our website.
The O'Rodgers is very entertaining, 170 out of 408, 405, whatever the hell it is.
A voice of reason, 85.
A genius, 55.
Yeah, can't you tell?
A freaking genius.
A fat old fag, 42, well, there's no debating that.
Right, that's why I voted that.
A panic, 27.
That's what I voted because I find myself more amusing.
A panic, 27.
A laugh riot.
Still, 18.
So that's more than as why voting nine times each.
Device of five.
Boring for, and a bigot one.
Yeah, there you go.
There's a little sum for everybody on there, right?
The people that voted boring, man.
Yeah.
It's boring, but they're listening.
No matter what choice you put on there, you're going to get something.
That's why I put them on there.
I'm thanking Adam, not as exciting as most of the people at Colorado talk shows, like the ones you had on Monday.
Oh, it's you told me about that.
I was in transit.
No, anyway, that thing would be for Lauderdale Airport.
I'm kind of debating whether I ever want to fly out of there again.
Hank is right.
That is the busiest, probably, that, and thanks to you, the two busiest days of the years for us flying.
Yeah.
But that place was a zoo, just insane.
And they got like 7,000 different flights all departing from the same terminal here, and they're all like about 10 feet apart.
And they got all these long lines, and everybody's in a total state of panic.
And seriously, they got about 15 seats for, well, my flight was sold out, so there was like 170 people on my flight.
Well, how can 170 people stick their fat ass in, you know, 15, 20, 30 seats?
About 30, man.
Huh?
Yeah.
Can't do it.
Well, he's in.
And everybody's milling all around.
So finally, you know, the plane's an hour coming in, an hour late leaving.
And they finally start boarding the flight, and they put the Gibson.
Of course, it's for Lauderdale, so there's got to be at least two few wheelchairs.
And they start to let them out.
Well, you know, once they put the Gibson, it means they're going to have pre-boarding, and momentarily.
Right.
So unlike air-candidate, my international, which is always very orderly and very calm and very, you know, or in person, the same way.
No chaos.
And all of a sudden, here come all these idiots pushing forward line.
I thought, oh, she's, I mean, Europe again.
This is like KLM Part 2.
Or you weren't, you weren't, when I came back from Amsterdam, you didn't hear about my KLM dealings in 1947.
No.
That means you might have to repeat it all over again.
And about getting on a plane after this chaotic insane boarding.
And, oh, well, ladies and gentlemen, they go on to the, one of the, uh, uh, carts.
What do they call is the catering trucks?
One of the catering trucks hit the plane this morning, and maintenance failed to notice that there was a damage to the aircraft.
So we're all going to have to offload the plane.
Get your luggage.
And we got another 747 at the gate next door.
And that was, that was that.
Traveling is becoming a real pain in the grass, you know what?
Yeah, no.
And then we're going to have to tell you history.
And that was just, that was just by car.
Yeah.
What do you thought was about, I guess you talked about it in the length yesterday?
Uh, on, uh, whatever it was Friday, I think.
Or I guess I came back on the air, uh, what was the thing?
It's a bit of blur.
Uh, whatever, whatever, whatever it was.
Yeah.
Well, we're still in the middle of the holidays, the QA'am, so far they're also okay.
We're still on busman vacations.
They're going to show tomorrow.
That's right. Well, let's you know what we're going to do, a real show on a real station with a real sales manager and a real general manager and a real, uh, whatever.
And a real bunch of scam going on back there with promotions.
By the way, how to get me to go in there and give him a spanking while he's at it?
Well, I know he did say something to me about, I wouldn't have to put the seed money up this year.
and they were going to go out and get, uh, you know, but even he never gave me any specifics
about that.
And he certainly didn't let me know they were going to try to rate my good sponsors
for $5,000.
Huh?
Yeah.
I mean, to see money I put up and I wouldn't have bothered, I wouldn't have bothered
me to put up the 10 grand.
That's what I give to the charity every year anyway.
When we do this thing, wouldn't have bothered me.
But no, let's go out there and try to screw up some accounts.
Let's try to, you know, we don't have that many left.
So let's try to screw over the few that Neils got left.
28 past 10 at QIM, they're still time to get the best prices on 2005 and 6 forwards
from the folks at Armstrong Ford or Homestead.
It's forward.
Keep it simple pricing.
The price you see is the price you get.
No tags to look for.
They'll hassle to get tangled up in and they'll gimmick to steer clear of.
The price you see is the price you get.
Keep it simple pricing.
Simple and straight forward.
That's the Armstrong family guarantee.
Keep it simple pricing.
It extends to 2005 and 2006 model forward cars, SUVs and trucks through the F-350.
Any series through E-350.
So now's the smart time to get down, Sierra Friend David Rich.
And let it put you behind the wheel of the new Armstrong Ford.
You'll get the exclusive tires and batteries for life program.
That's correct when you buy an Armstrong Ford from a Homestead.
You get tires and batteries for life of your car.
That could save you thousands of dollars.
David Rich in the staff guarantee you that you won't find a better price anywhere.
And with Armstrong Ford or Homestead being locally owned and operated,
they'll treat you like I always tell you like family because they want to make you a customer for life.
No bait and switch, no BS.
Call David Rich 305-247-51.
12 and ask for the Neal deal.
You'll save like never before, but you need to get an Armstrong Ford today.
Armstrong Ford or Homestead 307-25 South Fixie Highway.
Just 20 minutes south of the 836.
Keep it simple pricing ends.
January 3rd, 2006.
That was yesterday.
Ring in the new year.
Make sure you keep it simple.
Keep it simple pricing offer.
Excludes Ford Fusion, Ford GT, Ford Mustang, and 2006 F-150 Harley Davidson.
Ends January 3rd, 2006.
That was yesterday.
Check them on the web at armthroncars.com.
Then travel the extra to save thousands at Armstrong Ford or Homestead.
And be sure and tell them that Jeff Hayaya Hayaya sent you by.
This is Neal Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
In October, Sylvester Stallone announced Rocky VI.
Then in early November, he announced Rambo IV.
Now, the news to loan fans have been waiting decades for.
Sylvester Stallone is Rocky Balboa.
Aidoor and John Rambo.
Aidoor and Rocky VI.
Rambo IV.
Rocky Vrouss Rambo.
Ayo Rambo.
Ayo Rocky.
Ayo Door.
Ayo Door.
Ayo Door.
Ayo Door.
Ayo Door.
Ayo Door.
Ayo Door.
From the producers of Freddie Versus Jason and Alien Versus Predator.
Rocky VI Rambo IV.
Rocky Vrouss Rambo.
Ayo Rambo.
That's a mean that cookie guy.
Oh.
Ayo Rocky.
Ayo What?
Rocky VI Rambo IV.
Rocky Vrouss Rambo.
That's really, really.
That's really.
At least I'm going away even sooner.
At the moon.
10.33.27.11 o'clock.
Let's take a look at that award winning Christine lineup.
This is the first day we've had in a long, long time with the whole family.
They got some mishpulles here today.
I don't like that.
All right.
We had the big old this morning followed by the thumper.
I'm here at least for the time being.
Matt Dogg at Fortle 630.
Tough as he's back after a long, high-eat-us-road.
Panther preview.
Panthers were to come last night in Jersey.
If there were 1500 people there for that game that was a lot.
I have never seen a place that empty.
It was like the inside of an oxygen tank.
I mean it was just sterile.
And there was a game that was about the same.
Anyway, Panther preview at 630.
They play at the Islander 7 o'clock tonight who are right for the picking the Outlander's suck.
And Eddie K. after the hockey game.
Pretty pristine line of it, yes, me.
I'm waiting for my first call of the year of 2006.
By the way, how do you like that coffee on that Armstrong Ford sale ended yesterday?
Whatever.
Exactly.
We love David Rich and all our friends down there.
And maybe we'll get a real piece of coffee.
We'll find out what the real deal is starting today.
Because that was a coffee that evidently ended yesterday.
That's the only thing I got on my tax machine.
But nevertheless, but a beep, but a boop, but a bump.
We got a little chaos back there.
We've got a crisis in sales at QAM.
How do you like that?
Oh, my God.
Exactly.
Well, they can't be bothered so in sponsor servicing the account because they're too busy
or going out there trying to try to tighten money out of my, the few sponsors we got left on the station.
Like, Pomp and O'Pork.
I got that thing in my hand right now and the brochure too.
Are you got it there, right?
Yeah.
You got to admit that's a nice cover for the CD that's not going to happen.
You got it?
WQAM.
Hello.
Happy New Year.
72 WAM.
See, I pressed the button and it's a very slow.
It just takes forever here.
A little while.
Dobbing through, take your seats.
Yeah.
Cabin crew take a dump.
Wow.
That was not good.
That was not good.
My last K-Lum experience.
They just don't know how to board a flight.
They just don't know how to do it.
It's just chaos.
I know why.
I already went to this store.
I don't want to go through it again.
But traveling is a pain in the ass.
I mean, yeah, in addition to which I will let you go.
You guys can go to Amsterdam next time.
Right.
And maybe walking is the best way to travel anymore.
Well, that's what I do here.
Of course, the three days I was there, I laid on the couch and watched the TV in 8 all day,
which is I think I'm a virgin.
I'm a virgin, you know, a death.
Right.
Now, that place is hazardous to your health.
And I'm serious.
If I had stayed there, I'd have been dead a long time ago.
If I wouldn't be here.
It's just, it's scary.
How the people stay alive.
In addition to which, let me also say this.
To talk about it is one thing, but to be there and look around in terms of the devastation
from the hurricane.
Yeah.
To see all the trees, the millions, the only good, a good in the bad.
The good thing is that most of the malalook has gotten knocked down.
The bad part of that is that all I crap from the malalook is in here.
Right?
Yeah.
So it turned all of that, the allergens loosen here, which is why everybody is weezing and sick
and puking their guts.
So anybody puts up a malalooka tree ought to be shot.
No more malalookas makes you want a puko.
Okay, no more.
But you drive around here and then, of course, all the tarps on the roofs and then everybody,
including me, is preoccupied with trying to put their property back together again.
That place is years away from being backed in normally.
Not months, years.
Am I right?
Yeah, you're right.
It's a disaster zone.
It looks like a war zone.
It looks like they were dropping bombs there with a bomb agrande man in every hood.
W-Q-I-M, Happy New Year.
What's wrong with magic?
W-Q-I-M, Happy New Year.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Hey, bud, how you doing?
Happy New Year.
Back to you.
So what was your take?
Were you watching the tentative, the tentative, this thing with Dick Clark?
Wasn't that a, wasn't that unbelievable?
I didn't see it alive.
I saw the call and actually, you know, she left him out there and everybody screaming about
how grotesque it was to put him on the air and they were, I didn't expect the guy's like once.
I can't believe he did that.
Yeah, well, because he was showing his PR people, all I care about, like somebody said,
I think it was Keith Oberman last time, all I care about is Dick Clark productions
and all his business enterprises, they don't give a crap about him.
Shoot.
Yeah.
Yeah, anyway, all right, listen, Happy New Year, guys.
Say I had that thought that you'd better like.
The Lord got even with Dick, I'll tell you that.
Did you see it?
No, I like you.
I saw the clip afterwards.
No, I went to bed early.
I got new years, even fact starting at about 7 o'clock, all the Yahoo's in my neighborhood started with a fireworks.
And then the next morning, whatever they had left over, they were shooting those off the next day.
Nice.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, we got some fireworks.
Let's blow off some fireworks, there you go.
Yeah.
And, something to do, I guess.
Yeah.
Coming to QAM, hello.
Yeah, I just speak to me.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil.
Happy New Year, the gun control.
You should hold the gun with your hands.
Okay.
Dominic QAM, hello.
Hey, good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Do Mo have a girl, because you were in the guy that Mo and you do the crossover with?
Yes.
Dominic QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, happy New Year for you.
Happy New Year, man.
I'm on the same year of short with some talent.
I got a good machine gun.
Good machine gun, man.
I'll do you know it with a pretty good phrase.
Two million people, I got 1639 people murdered last year.
That's kind of scary.
That would be like in, I guess here, we got about double that population here, so I mean four, four,
but we like 3,000, 3,200 murders a year.
And you know, Ben, out of shape, about 78 here last year and 52 with guns, man.
And then you're right, I want to get into this thing about the Pompoon Park and then not so much, you know,
all our work and my free spot, I guess they deserve it.
But about the NC, keep in mind, okay, this is something I found out by accident just having to be there.
And the fact that they brought this up.
And I said, well, and Steve will say to me, oh, I've got the presentation downstairs.
I've got, I said, bring it up here, please.
I want to see that.
So I got it in my hand right now and the presentation as well.
About this so-called best of needle CD, which is not going to happen, by the way.
No.
It's just, that was the beginning of my blood pressure just zooming up there and I'm thinking to myself, you know,
why would you do that to me?
Why would you do that to find people who are so supportive and one of our fine?
I did have a good time with Dick Feinberg.
We sat together in the dinner and yucked it up about the reminiscing about old drivers and tracks and all this other stuff.
And we had a good time and Derek, my friend Derek was there making everybody an offer that couldn't refuse.
But other than that.
And by the way, Steve Wolf, lose an answer to Fennelier.
Will you please, if you want to make it to 2007, like, God.
No free spaghetti dinner, I guess you knew that.
Right.
They had me read the spot that they couldn't be eating.
Steve Wolf ate all the spaghetti.
That's what happened.
Yeah, I guess so.
I do there was more to eat.
My God.
Talk about a pupic from hell.
But anyway, they were very nice to me and they're great and I love them like crazy and I had a pretty good time.
I only made a couple of bets and lost them both.
But we just yucked it up all night, which is a good way to do it.
Twenty before 11 at 5, 60 WQA.
And when you're shopping for shoes, I've been telling you for a very long time.
There's an unbeatable combination waiting for you at Brandys.
Because comfort, fit and value is what it's all about.
And what comes to those three ingredients.
Brandys is absolutely unbeatable.
That's correct.
Brandys here is a humongous selection of all the top brands that they got rock-port, Floreshime, Echo, Mofisto, New Balance, SAS, and all of the big names in the shoe business as well.
And the professional shoe fitters of Brandys will make damn sure you got to customize fit of your favorite comfort shoe every time.
Just as for Arnie, he'll take Dan Goodkirer you and your feet.
The pros of Brandys really understand fit and comfort they even specialize in wide wits as well.
So Brandys is well worth the trip from just about anywhere in town because you really want to take care of those feet.
For comfort style, fit value when selection always think Brandys shoes and you'll find Brandys at 12, 90, North Federal Highway in Poppano Beach, open daily to line every Sunday till 5.
And it's a great time to buy SAS at Brandys this week.
Take an extra 20% off on all great men and women's SAS styles this week.
So be sure to get your ass in the Brandys this week or do your shoe shopping on their most prestigious website, brandyshoes.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 A.S.
I'm following as a real conversation between celebrity on-star operator Ron Jeremy and on-star customer Susie Jenkins.
Okay, I've never been here before and I need to get home. Let me turn on my on-star.
Hi, I'm Prince Farad Jeremy. Where do you need to go today?
I need to go home, please.
All right, turn left.
Okay.
Go straight for 20 feet and go right.
Okay, all right.
Make a left.
And turning.
Now, turn into the driveway.
Okay, the driveway.
Hey, this isn't my house.
I know it's not your house.
It's my house.
Come on in, baby.
What?
You need to do this.
Oh, thank you, sweet Jesus for saving all of our kin.
Oh, wait a minute, damn you Jesus. They're all dead.
Yeah.
And that's something.
Well, not all of them.
Well, one guy, well, he's close.
Although they said they, uh, they checked for brain damage and they couldn't find one.
One day.
485 votes.
Neil Rogers is very entertaining.
198.
Oh, yeah.
A voice of reason 107.
A genius.
66.
Too bad mom is in the ground.
You know, it wouldn't she be proud of genius.
A fatal fag 50.
A panic 32.
Stale 20.
Oh, Moan is wife keep voting and voting.
You keep your honor without that golf course anyway, Mo.
Devices of six, boring five and a big and one.
And all those four and a five people, by the way, keep in mind.
They're all listening, whether they like it or not.
Keep that in mind.
And that's why I put all those negative choices on there because I find it most amusing.
Oh, they show us.
Oh, stay on it.
We were all this stuff before.
And I, oh, Jane, can't what you're here to get it.
I'll tell you what's really still.
In fact, I'm going to start dumping him as a gargler guy.
He just, you know, he doesn't get it.
He'd be funny like once a week.
And I already passed him along the mold.
We passed it towards him.
Mo finds him most amusing.
I like that guy.
I like that.
Great.
The two of them can make sweet music together.
And you think?
Yeah, right.
So once a week would be fine.
But I'm just going to start dumping him all the time because he just out of control.
I guess he has something to the show.
Yeah, like Ron.
When I'll run, we're going to see him where I disagree with him.
I mean, he's annoying.
But once in a great while, he'd burst out something amazing.
Well, it's a great while, but he calls it all the time today.
Right.
Well, I mean, it goes to show you.
But the other guy, it's never going to be anything different.
It's always the same crap.
That's all he's got.
Anyway, so I'm at Pomfino Park on Friday night.
I'd have it a good time there.
And I'd find out that this radio station, and Troy Stradford, who inherited that again,
had a lot of accounts.
He inherited a lot of accounts and just keeps siphoning off the commission
and shoveling it in this pocket.
He had passed along this scan to them.
I'm going to read this to you.
Okay.
It's got a picture of the cover of the supposed 30-year anniversary.
But third, man.
Well, that's the name of it.
Neil Rogers presents.
But third, man.
And it's got the epi.
And there's a character of me stopping on the bridge tender's grave.
And with a hand sticking up out of the ground, you better know your laws, mister.
That's kind of SQ, right?
That's cute.
Although unless it's people that go away back with a bridge tender, they haven't got any idea what that's all about.
But nevertheless, it says WQA and Neil Rogers will be celebrating 30 years.
And South Florida market in March 2006.
Doesn't say March 1st, it just is in March.
That's probably because the people who put this together don't realize when it is.
Just like you realize that we just had our eighth anniversary on QIM on December 30th.
No, I don't realize that.
December 5th, man.
You know that?
And you were on the air that day.
Did they come in and say, did they have balloons floating all around?
Say happy anniversary, George.
Pass along all our best and Neil and you two, John.
Did they do that?
No.
No.
Because we were only at IOD 7 years.
Right.
So eight years, December 30th, in fact, that was the day I told them in LaWay.
Either when they went gray head, duff call me and say, well, the studio is not going to be ready.
And I said, either that studio is going to be ready.
Or I'll be in one someplace other station.
Remember that?
And all of a sudden we had that last minute, oh, brother.
Running around and scrambling to put together a makeshift studio.
Because they lie a lot, you know.
Anyway, it goes on to say in recent years the best of Neil Rogers charity drive has raised nearly $100,000 in donations to a band and fair rescue.
Why don't they point out the fact we raised probably close to a million dollars altogether for all these other charities.
But they don't want to do that.
And you want to know why?
Because they probably don't know.
Right.
Kamala Soundsteader won all the probably over a million.
Who knows how much?
They will be our charity tie-in again this year.
This year's compilation CD, Neil Rogers presents about 30 men.
About 30 men.
We'll have cherished memories from as many years on the way.
You're retailing a 20 bucks each.
As the loyal Neil Rogers advertises,
we want to give Pomfano Park racing the opportunity to be part of this great charitable cause.
Your sponsorship helps to defray the cost of production of the CD guaranteeing that 100% of all funds raised from the sale go to charity.
As a present, here's the second page.
As a presenting sponsor, Pomfano Park Racing receives the Pomfano Park logo and phone number on the CD cover.
Wow!
I'm just breathless.
Inclusion on 13-week promotional campaign February to April included our minimum of 35 recorded mentions per week.
Not exciting?
Hmm-hmm.
Campaign could be shortened if we saw the CD's it says.
And inclusion as a sponsor on the Internet.
Total investment, $5,000.
And they agreed to this.
They said, oh, I mean they had no choice.
They felt like, you know, they owe it to me.
And it was obviously presented them in a way like, you know, do this.
And they said, well, we don't want to, but okay.
And I told them, don't.
Don't do it.
You got a long life ahead of you.
Unlike me, you got a long life.
Don't do it.
Don't just give away five grand like charity because like it or something.
I rather have them, you know, run the regular spots, promoting the alacopry racing,
and all the other racing stuff they got coming up.
The fact that the track is coming back into one piece.
We got slots coming in the spring.
All of these things.
As opposed to just giving away five grand to make Curtis Raymond Burr happy and Troy Stratford.
And Miguel Escobar and all these other goyems.
See what I'm saying?
What do you say?
I'm saying that I knew nothing about this.
And that's, I had never heard one word about the fact that they were going to go to people like
Poppano Park and try to extort, I mean, squeeze $5,000 out of them.
Yeah.
Was it ever suggested to me, well, you know, we're going to do it again and you can put up the 10 grand seed money
like you do every year as your contribution to the to the charity.
And then we'll just go from there.
Have I ever objected to that before?
Ever?
No.
And would it end again this year?
Now you see, if I'm working for a company that appreciates my efforts of this radio show,
well, I know it's such an amusing, it's hysterical.
They eat any company would put up the 10 grand and say, well, it's our way of thanking you
and helping celebrate this 30th anniversary.
We're going to under write to cross the $10,000 to start the production of the CDs,
to get this thing going, and we want to be going home behind it.
Right?
Right.
Like the old place used to do.
Right.
Not here.
That's not the beastly effing way, baby.
$10,000, you think money grows on trees or what, mister?
They got to pay that $6,000 dividend, all their shareholders.
Banzos growing trees though.
Banzos do grow on trees and so do hillbillies.
I bet you some of these these will wipe up in hillbilly heaven.
Wouldn't surprise me.
Or maybe hillbilly hills.
Yeah.
They're picking it right now, and I'm chewing it.
So there you go.
That's the deal with the pomp and apartment.
That's what really set me off and got me really just, and I'm still highly upset.
My pressure is just soaring right now.
I can't wait to throw it right on the ear.
Be sure and tape it, you know what I'm saying?
For point parity.
Yeah, right.
In a heartbreaking turn around, officials this morning first and all, yeah, and this is
really amusing because this is from the New York Times.
Now, the reason it's amusing is that most of the news, this is like doing beats Truman.
Right.
Most of the newspapers that went to bed before 11.30 last night, on a front page, their banner
headline this morning is, Miracle Rescue.
12, Survivor, you know, and of course, well, guess what?
I'm surprised.
Psych.
In a heartbreaking turn around, officials this morning first announced that 12 or 13 miners
trapped in the West Virginia Cool Mine had been found alive, and then three hours later,
surprised, disclosed that all but one of them in fact had died.
The reversal left for all those who would gather at the mine in Segal, West Virginia,
stunned and furious.
One miner was rescued.
A doctor told the AP that the survivor Randall McCloy, Jr. 27, was hospitalized in critical
condition.
We believe there were 12 survivors that had been at Hanfield, the Oh and this guy, oh,
brother, this is the one that was on all weekend and all day yesterday.
We believe there were 12 survivors that had been at Hanfield, chief executive officer of
International Cool Group, the mine's owner.
That was the initial communication from the command center, but it was wrong.
I mean, it's kind of hard to tell if people are dead or alive, you know?
Sometimes, here's the person south Florida.
Mr. Hanfield told the AP that the mistake in report spread when people misunderstood
a cell phone conversation he had overheard and reality he said the call was reporting
with 12 miners had been found without information about their condition.
Well, that sounds like nitpicking to me.
Praise Jesus.
Thank you, sweet Jesus.
Oh, then you sweet Jesus.
Never mind.
Oh, I've amused sour Jesus.
I'm sorry.
Maybe Jesus is a sweet and sour pork these days.
Pork.
I doubt it.
He was kosher.
No, but he's a going now.
Mr. Hanfield told the AP they waited to correct the false impression until they knew
more about the miners' condition.
Let's put this in perspective.
He said, who do I tell not to celebrate?
What?
What does that mean?
Who do I tell?
Not to celebrate.
They didn't know who it was that had the, you know, the survivor's family.
Yeah, I can't say that they're all dead.
So let's just say they're all alive.
Okay.
Governor Joe mentioned the third was it lost this morning displaying how the false report
of a rescue would come about.
There was clearly said and then this is going on now, hour after hour.
Oh, yes.
CNN is immersed in this.
There was nothing else going on in the world that they hand down 85,000 indictments
against every member of Congress and all the ships that see.
It's not going to make any difference at all because they're in this up to their
earlobes.
And by the way, they also have the wrong information now.
Anderson, you know, that Anderson with the loose pooper, Cooper.
Yeah, what about him?
He's the one.
Anyway, Manson said he had been in the room next to the one in which family member.
Oh, and I guess who was right there last night?
I saw her.
I was channel surfing.
We'd have crossed the bridge there.
Thank you for sharing.
Some of the others just punch her right in that nose and that big nose.
I'll do it.
I love to see her right on the ear.
You see, if they find a way, go get a vocal, go get a vocal box.
Yeah.
Anyway, he was there.
All of there was a royal duvelation.
Manson was told that all the miners have been found alive.
We swept along and see if people, everyone was so euphoric, they were like high
five in and low five in, gravonant and everything else.
But several family members told MSNBC that officials from the mining company were the source of the false report.
Mr. Manson said he repeatedly asked the official he was with whether the information had been confirmed and said that he went to the
command center where the rescue was being overseen to seek more information.
When we got to the command center, they were static too.
They were high five in and duke and in jivin.
He said the mistake might have been the result of different teams going out of the mines since their
stints were limited for safety reasons.
We knew from the first the odds were against this mansion, said we were hoping for 13 miracles and our still cling to one.
He acknowledged there was a lot of anger among family members as a result of false survivor reports.
How do you like that?
Survivor West Virginia.
You can't see that coming on the check.
I'm pretty similar on a comedy bit near you.
I wouldn't be surprised if that shows up on my cable system down there one of these days.
But at any rate, oh boy, I'm biting my tongue.
It's like, you're hard to just blood just spurt out of it.
You ever bite it so hard it's starting spurting out?
Some times, yeah.
NeoRage is 524 votes.
That's not too shabby.
524, we got a shot of what?
600?
528.
NeoRage is very entertaining.
223.
Those are all my votes.
A voice of reason 112.
A genius 69.
Babu, babu, babu.
Not as smart as any though, but babu.
No, no, what it is.
A federal fact 53.
A panic 35.
Still 21.
A stale is last year's MOTSA man.
Devisevate, boring six and a bigot one.
You backstarts os you.
This is the NeoRage.
This is the NeoRage show.
This is your blame.
Go go go go go go go go go go.
And questions.
Deep in the jungles of the Amazon.
Live something so large.
So amazing.
So wasted.
It can't be held captive in a ziploc sandwich bag.
Chief and Chong star in team ball.
It is great.
Join the expedition team as they venture deep into the weeds
to wrestle the hay from the cannabis truck.
Hey hang on you guys I'll be right back and bring it to New York City for distribution by Dave
Beaverton, Wopersay
Just to be blunt about it King Bong is some killer
Jeet and John star in King ball
Waited in jim must be at least a quarterback to end
Join every afternoon at you know it for 20
Okay, man
14th body recover from the German skating rink how come they're not making a big simmiss about that
Oh, they were supposed to be a lot more worried about the cool minors nothing could be finer than to find a bunch of minors alive
but they didn't and we don't care about the poor people that were skating on thin ice
All right, look at this. There's your favorite Darren Kagan. No, thank you. I'm Darren Kagan
I guess what's going on?
What's for duty mighty disaster
Tragedy at segole mine. It's got its own big headline now
Not just a story in the news anymore. It's its own in fact pretty soon that I have a show on it
I understand the bg's are working on a song on it. Yeah, the West Virginia mining disaster
Now I give remember you were asking me before the show if I have one of these handheld devices the blood pressure tester
Because we got a little beep. I did do you know me?
What what oh that's exactly the sound art makes yeah only minds of brown
Brown
Josh will be proud brown. Yeah, we take your blood pressure than you shave with it. You clean it off afterwards. You would know that problem
Huh? Huh
It's getting there. All right, we bet wait
Actually know what mine is now
Wow, yeah, come on share it
Not done yet. Oh
Whoa stroke
Stroke time
How do you like that and thanks a lot of clearest and you idiot to a stripper there are ones that pull me over the edge
I think I should probably go back to bed my pulsing dead bads 89. That's not good. It's about ten points higher and usually is
You want to know what the numbers are yeah, wait
178
Over 102 oh my god. Oh my god
For us, oh my god. I check my yesterday. Yeah, 120 over 70
Now you want to know what mine was this morning before when I got up and before I even took my peels
Yeah, give us the one thirty nine over eighty five. That's not bad not bad for a period. I don't know my bedic right?
No, I mean after a whole night's sleep when you have a blood pressure. That's not a bad number at all
And now I come in here and I take it a couple hours later two and a half hours later
178 over 102 after all the stress. I think a lawsuit is in order. Okay. I think those people in their place are trying to kill me
They're trying to lay it kill the goose to lay the golden big fat one is what I'm thinking
So during next break I'm gonna take another peel
The what I'm just gonna keep popping peels
Like rush look what it did for him
George and Miami Jorge says last year you picked USC over Oklahoma
I followed your advice and made some cash. What do you have tonight? Probably a stroke?
What do you have tonight USC or Texas
Or I like USC. Don't you Josh? No, well you take Texas all you want you can take the long horns
I'll take USC. I'll take the Trojans. Okay from my name here and you probably ought to have some
But nevertheless
So Josh picks the long horns and I'm picking the Trojans. How do you like that being the old pervert that I'm I don't remember what their quarterback looks like
See I like to pick the teams that have the hot quarterback like Brady Quinn
I didn't really care the Notre Dame God being fact I had to best of it all the way around
Well, I was they kicked their ass and I saw the game on my big HD TV big beautiful picture there and Brady Quinn
That looked really good better than ever as a matter of fact. I just go on Brady too bad you lost the game
But you're still okay with my book
I reached right in the screen game a little pat on the back shoulder a little higher up shoulder
So I think like how about every half hour I'll take the pressure because if you take it a lot of keeps going up. Oh,
doesn't
You didn't know that no I didn't oh yeah
Well, if you don't stress as you are if you keep to huh, remember I told you I was all stressed out when I got home and then like an hour later
It was down
Well, you don't take it when you're all stressed out like no I should have done that right now
I should just sit back and take a chill and appeal man
And maybe a few people I'd like to keel like in
Sheld back there starting at the top
I mean what kind of an outfit does this to their you know
And this goes to show it once again the tremendous disrespect that this company has for this show and for all of us who work on it
absolute
contempt
Now I'm just just to try to lighten things up a little bit remember after that spot
Which was obviously the wrong copy by the way written in in lower case small type way too long about a five minute spot
You'll be happy to know you copy is on its way to oh I see
And what was said nothing
It gave it to you it just showed up off actually
So just have to be walking this way so he brought with a shuffle it over
Yeah, definitely is gonna be the liaison between sales and us because nobody back there wants to deal with us except Troy
And I don't want to deal with him. He just about got one foot in my grave. Okay, Troy you idiot you quizzling you fairly simple then
Anyway, here's the story that the auto voters at Ben Hatfield guy again
Better buddy Hatfield Bobby Hatfield or Ben Hatfield
I don't know his Bobby Hatfield the one that died or is it Bill Medley?
All I thought it was the Hatfield guy was it Bobby Hatfield he died or writes his death is what I'm here brother
I sure hope he got things right with Lord old. There's the right copy. Okay. I think maybe I ought to do this spot
Should I that'd be the white thing to do. I mean the right thing to do. I mean no because we had the wrong copy for me
That's not really very nice since this is one of our fine sponsors and we can't afford to be dealing with our sponsors
Happy new year from the fine folks at Armstrong Ford a home said
2005 was a great year and thousands of new customers took advantage of the Neil deal and bought their new Ford's at Armstrong Ford
Why do people shop there? It's easy, baby because Armstrong Ford guarantees you a great price great service after the sale and
That personal touch that comes from a local family owned dealership. So pick up that phone right now called general man
David Rich at 305
247 5112 when you buy a new Ford at Armstrong Ford home city
You'll also get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program
I've been telling you about that for a long time. No place else would dream and doing that
But when you buy Armstrong Ford home city you get free tires and batteries for life of your car
That could save you thousands of dollars too
David Rich and the staff at Armstrong Ford guarantee you won't find a better price any place with Armstrong for a local joint
They'll treat you great because they want to see you over and over again make your customer for life
So start off the year with a great new Ford from our good friend David Rich and the staff at Armstrong Ford a home state
307 25 South Dixie highway 20 minutes south of the 836 check it on the web arms strong cars dot com
Drive a few miles extra and save only at Armstrong Ford of homestead. See there. You go. There's the a make good
Feels better
Well, I feel better. I don't want to like be I mean I get to that point in a copy
And it says sale ends January 3rd and today is January 4th
And I'm thinking my God you a hold you you jackass you
exactly
But this is the kind of shenanigans we got going back there because any audience I'm sure think some exaggerating
You know that Neal he's a real panic
This and even even the program director miss he doesn't know where to stick his ass
And nobody said this morning
He goes to the key room. He doesn't know where to stick it. I told him to stick it
He's lost he is lost and I've turned that
That Curtis Raymond Burr back there in the sales you fair wow
This guy he's got more different shenanigans going on and all of them are all screwed up. That's about at least he's consistent
the lunatic
Well, let's let's start off with a new year's resolution, huh?
Okay, well, that's not
560 votes near Rogers is gonna die from a stroke within the hour 600
Very entertaining 233 a voice of reason 119 a genius 75 a
Fat old bag 57 we better add a dad fat a dead fat old bag and a little while. Oh
Keep it ready a panic 37 still 23. Oh, he's so stale a
Device of 9 boring six and a big at one
See I feel better if they there were more votes for bigger than like some of the other ones there
Because I am right and I'm honest about it. I have prejudice isn't like everybody else only most people lie about it
Oh, not me. I think that everybody people are people. Yeah, right. Okay. Whatever you say gypsies
I hate gypsies. Do you really I do?
Tramps and thieves just they are
How about that gypsy that comes and does my driveway?
We're good. Well, he keeps showing up every six months, but every year and a half or two years
I'll have him out and you're pissed off. I mean for the nose on him
He has his own hose does he they travel in packs
Six packs. Yeah, no two pack
Let's take my blood pressure again. What do you say?
WQ a.m. Hello
Okay, good that's central
See and you see you knocking him but he was the only car we had right there. You think oh, hey
I'd love to be a whole he called five times and that's well five out of eight calls
That's at least you had him at least you had him oh, I had the guard for her. How could be now he's done today?
You're out gargler you gargle your last time on a show
Go gargle razor blades. Okay, you idiot you slime ball. Yeah, yeah, you don't need him to do that
No, we can do it ourselves by now. In fact, we got him a tag rather have imitation garglers. I'd rather have gargler junior
Because he's just pathetic just tragic
5 6 7 0 5 60 better get on these phones
I might be dead before we get finished dialing
Tom 5 60 and even rising in singular wireless line. That's a scary blood pressure. You know what?
There's a lot of working on the year
Because they're nearly about now during the show my blood pressure probably be like about 130 over 78 something like that
You know be common cool, but it's bad
spoke of sleep. Oh, yeah, that would do it
How about a big fat story that would I think put me over the edge?
Former high-powered lobbyist Jack Abramoff played a guilty yesterday
This ought to be the biggest story, but of course they got too many other face to fry in a very this story
And how'd you like the way he walked in the court there looking like John Gotti junior? Yeah, he's a celebrity
You know conspiracy fraud and tax evasion charges agreeing to cooperate and then they said
The aim list on here the talking heads were saying oh, he dressed like that because he wanted to send a message
You know like Joey Zaza seven in a message and that is that he was taken he would take no prisoners
Everybody was going down with him good
Oh, yeah, I agree delighted him rubbing myself wrong. Abraham
Abraham off 46 a minute. He didn't disclose receiving cave banks on payments from Native American tribes
To partners public relations term firm. We're talking five million no a 50 million dollars on that 50 million
Five million to be peanuts 50 million starting in
201 he persuaded Louisiana tribe pain nearly 30 and a half million for grassroots work to a Scanlon company
Which in turn take back nearly 11 and a half million back to Abramoff
I'll go through the whole list eventually
And of course all on that goody two shoes that the one from Ohio tells his name again
I
Know me may they Bob may
He's one of those religions right goody two-shoe religion just like Ralph Reed who's also ended up to his earlobes
Remember Ralph Reed the Christian coalition all over the crack that way all these good Christians man praise Jesus and give me some money
WQ I am happy new year happy new year. No. Yes, sir
I spent last week in Oakville
Ontario
Really was it was very nice
Right down the road for next to mississauga
Right where we went to the mall there and we spent the day in Toronto which was pretty cool also
But you like to complain about the gas prices in our president
I would like to thank the Canadian government for three hours and 70 cents a gallon more or less and the fantastic
15% sales tax along with the surchats and the liquor tax. Yeah, but you know something. It's well worth it
And you know I was watching that the TV watching all the news and the crime up there isn't too
Significantly different than the crime down here wrong
Why because they have the shootings on the boxing base at emig the crime that here is not even the same league is the crime right there
If it's totally I'm true. Yeah, it's okay
Well, then they blow it on a proportion was early
proportion because we had seven people shot on boxing day in one day
Which is very rare in the and the big deal they made about it should tell you that it is very rare for things like that to happen here
There were 78 people murdered here all year long in the city of four to five million people
78 you can do that in a good month down there
Yeah, well, I saw that I saw the four quarter pass shot and somebody else got held up and then yeah, and you know
It took to the other crime up there is still pretty good
Yeah, it's it's pretty good. Yeah
Okay, well that's all right. You had a good time, palmy. Oh, thank you. Okay
See tibby stay right there. Okay, don't come on up here because all you want to is
Typical South already and belly a bitch and moan
We don't want no bitch and belly-eaked Americans coming in here
You know what I'm saying? It will look up seen through in the pod you can smoke the pod if you want and we'll throw your ass in jail
That guy you know talk about talk about a guy that was here for a couple of days and right away
He's an expert and the crime is just as bad and he's right about the gas prices. They're outrageous
But they've been that way for a long time. That's nothing new
So
See if that's the most important part of your quality of life is what the price of gas is well good luck here
The difference being that before Bush came in and started robin from a doom the
Robin Hood and reverse routine robin from the poor given to the rich before that it was like, you know
What was it two bucks a gallon 179198 and now it's like three
Well, it was up over three bucks a gallon
See, that's the difference when it changes, uh, you know when people have to budge it out just to pay for gas. That's a difference
In addition to which I have a feeling and I really don't know but I have a feeling of the average wage here is probably a lot higher
I'm sure that the minimum wage here is much higher
Yeah, but I'm sure that there aren't too many sluppers here in fact if you look at the way probably you think you got a
A property boom in South Florida
Here they you can't they can't build them fast enough
But nevertheless, I'm not here to be the chamber commerce, okay?
You like it where you are have a great time. I was there for three days
Friday Saturday and Sunday. It seemed like only 10 years
WQAM. Hello
Keter of South Florida. So do you
Okay, great. Oh, by the way, look at what time it is. It's way past the time for the break as they tell their spot right
1116 a QAM if you're looking in a mirror wondering where their hair went which is probably on the flow and down the drain
Chuck Alphieri's been helping famous and not so famous people look their best for over 30
30 men in years
But you wouldn't recognize his work when you see it because Charlie's created the best the most natural looking piece in the university
New skin-like natural hairline system. It looks like real hair growing out of your scalp as opposed to a barnyard animal
That roosting on your head never have anything roost on your head. Not lately
Charlie's work is completely guaranteed you have nothing to lose
But that ugly shiny bald spot that makes you look about 20 years older it try and Charlie's system for 30 days
But 30 men after a month of you don't love the way listen feels and smells if you're not getting action up the yin yang
We turn it for a full refund make the call today
1 800 3 to 124 13 tell Charlie heard about it here on the near-order show get your special 200 dollar discount off the regular
800 dollar price of the natural hairline system no dangerous pills
No nasty looking animal on your head no holes in the head just a great looking head of hair pick up that phone today
And Charlie no obligation will show you just how much younger and better he can make you look
1 800 3 to 124 13
That's 1 800 3 to 124 13 around the wicked web. It's Charles Alphieri dot com
This is Neil Rogers
This is 516 2
If he came back or Christmas what would Jesus do?
Help raise kids to kids is
If he came back or Christmas what would Jesus do?
Remove their bumper stickers at your crates kids to kids is
If he came back or Christmas what would Jesus do?
Find a pair of pants remove their bumper stickers and tell Chris kids to kids is
If he came back or Christmas what would Jesus do?
Slap pillow while we find a pair of pants remove their bumper stickers and tell Chris kids to kids is
If he came back or Christmas what would Jesus do?
Oh
Yeah, feel oh by the find a pair of pants remove their bumper stickers and tell Chris kids to kids is
Like oh, all right. Okay, 1121 169 over 96. See how that's coming down nicely now good
Good what riddance? Yeah
It's a bad rubbish. No, come on
It's I'll just calm down a little bit here in fact it would be normal
I'm pleased to see that would be nice and low if I'm probably about I would say about 30
Lower on both ends chance of mantra if words for that crap. I'll tell you one thing
I'm not I don't mind coming in early and confabulating with you guys in the morning
But before the show but now what these other people are just well not next time that they come in with this crap
I'm gonna get up and walk out like I did this morning
Well, what did I do it? I would got up and I went and made my bacon for breakfast and I just looked in
Sitting there. Bye bye bye. You know, it just shows you what a bunch of a holes we got and there were morons you got
Well, he was out sick for the first time in a long time
He was there was a story really bad high blood pressure blood pressure headaches
Which you've ever had one of those it feels like your head's gonna like
Explode you know
It's bad and even every time they like move your head a little bit like oh man like that's sick
I can't even describe it to you. It's like a hundred times worse than a migraine
And there you go
So let's go in here and see if we can agitate. I don't mind duck coming in. Duff is our old and duck is our only hope
I never thought I would say that you're fair, but he's the only liaison we had with reality
And I tell that the clearance is more because he got all bent out of shape. What do you mean by that?
I just what I said
Quisling
Little clearance there, you know, you see it goes to show you and it's had up somebody's butt for a long time there
Got himself advanced from being a sports flucky to be in the program director and now
Nobody's telling him nothing or Lisa. We tell us then you hear him say that this morning
He's sworn a stack of rivals. I kind of tune it out like I was tuning out the whole Troy thing
So when you weren't making any sounds? Yeah, if I didn't hear you like fixing bacon in the background
I was gonna call 911 in how could you hear me fixing bacon in the background? I got good ears
It's much to have you don't want to be up here with these expensive gas prices and all the vial and crime
All the
T in the PST and the AST and the
ASS I'll be fine up before I go up there right
Gorb a bank first
I mean here's a guy like I said he's there a couple days right away. He's an expert
He's giving me a song and a dance done how bad it is here. It's bad
Believe you me. You don't want to be here
I mean, it's like 40 degrees and murky there's no one to ground, but if I bet you there's some coming one of these days
It's murky looking
The weather was good while I was there. It's about the only good thing I can say the weather was sensational
That great. That's great. It was beautiful
WCYM hello. Hey Neil. How are you? Okay? Hey listen. I just wanted to ask you a question
Did you happen to see Dick Clark on the year of the year? Now somebody already asked and the answer is still no
No, well the reason I'm asking is what was the difference between like what kind of stroke he had and what you had because you obviously didn't have any you know
Fums with your speech or
I had the for a few days
But he had he had two strokes. He had the second one was a massive stroke
Don't you understand there's like a little stroke and there's a big stroke. You can relate to that
So he had a he had a one you had a little one now have a little one. That's correct. Got you now
You got your thumb on it. I'm glad you're all right man. Thanks, pali
At least I'm sorry checking again next year happy new year to you
Checking again next hour see if he's still alive. That could be a scam for the whole year
Let's let's have a remember how it used to be where we're right to come in there and do a few shows there
And they would all line up all the sale people line up at the door. Oh, yeah, let's go in there and I you know put on a phony
I don't fake yeah
And ensuing would be out there although I think she was even more legitimate. I think she actually I think a part of her actually liked me a little bit
Let's go with the other part. Okay
Seriously
Well, she knew that I was the cash cow
Yeah, underlined the dog part, huh? Huh?
Oh, yeah, no thanks
So how are we doing on that pole so far? Okay, here's a chance to take a good cheap shot early in the new year
Near Rogers is six hundred eight votes
What do we got a shot at 800
Okay, let's not start too high. I notice that nice pull. I gave you yesterday. You had a you had a resounding number on it
You had a lot of voters, huh? It was great. Especially since I kept forgetting to talk about it. Well, you're welcome
Near Rogers is very entertaining 251 even always a piece of crap. We hit him like poison. I hope he dies before the end of the show
Very entertaining 251 a
Voice of reason 129
Agenius 79 a genius who goes
And can't make fart sounds no more, but we'd like to oh
And speaking I don't want to go into it. Wow
You went there when I talked about the guinea fall that I had on a plane on KLM. You have some foul guinea. Oh my god
If they didn't have charcoal in the seats, it would have been people swimming
I think even a pilot would have liked passed out. Just remember your seat does double as a flotation device
Holy cow holy moly
I have never passed such a mal-orderous gas in my life. It was foul
Agenius 79 a fat old fag 67 a panic 38 a laugh riot
Stale 26 the stale Rogers show
And I urge you to listen to the show that follows mine
device of 10
Boring five and a bigot
Five that's good. See I I asked for them to like goose that up a little on the bigot side
This will be it, huh?
And they and they did it. There you go. I got my Jamaican problem on
Yeah, that guy thinks there's a lot of crime here. I'm not going to Jamaican on
Go to Jamaica with a beastly's hangout
1639 murders last year and a company that's got two million people in it
Two million people let's see there's 30 million people in Canada. So multiply 15 times 16 hundred is what
Oh, here I see me a math question. No, I'll do it. Let me get my advocates
That's like 24,000
24,000 murders a year
See that another simple math. How come I how can I actually did that long math?
I heard it 16 hundred times 10, 16,000 and half again is a this 24,000 you a math and we have medical genius like me can do it
I am a genius, you know, that's what they say on the poll there 79 people said I'm a genius which goes to show their IQ
24,000 murders a year if we had the same rate as Jamaican on because the Jamaican's like a good machine gunman
Yeah, a good machine gun
I don't know what what would be the reason for it
I don't know poverty. I mean I can oh that's always a good excuse poverty
You need a 27 after 11 at 5 60 W.A.M. resolve yourself to a better night's sleep in 2006 by calling 1 800 mattress right now
Nothing's got a bigger impact on your daily health well being in productivity than a good night's sleep
And you can get one tonight from dial amatris by calling 1 800 mattress right now
If your mattress is more than 10 years old or it's noticeably sagging or lumpy time for a new one folks
Choose in the complete line of seely and sir as Simmons King Quill
Temporary to concerns and foster a hewitt
dial amatris takes same day orders all day long from Kendall Stewart from Palm Beach to Ford Myers
And like always you still pick the two-hour window for delivery when you want it delivered once convenient for you when your ass is
Got to be home. They're proud of their delivery record on time deliveries 99.7% of the time
Lots of folks if you aim are satisfied dial amatris customers including me and you will be too
So start off the new year started off right with a great new mattress from dial amatris
Don't put off getting a better night's sleep any longer pick up that phone right now and give them a call at 1 800 mattress
That's 1 800 MATT RES on the web at mattress.com by the way
1 800 MATT RES leave off the last S because it stands for sales holes
This is Neil Rogers
This is 516 Q8
Stay if I am in town
As 560 WQK
wood
Smoke
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm
sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm
sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
have assigned ridge, assigned ridge, vertus  Lukare, French aluminium and gull from law tax nuys
  kianie sucks quim Chicie va Tech Sed va T
c'est slut reported
ne bougez pas enproof
c'est  lui
je vais au Sun
What is it with this wrong guy?
Is he real or what's the job there?
He's real. He's real. He's a real person.
It is a crazy person.
Well, I think maybe you need to give him a job.
He sounds like he just needs to go to work.
No thanks. That's his girlfriend.
Yeah, her is head.
W-Q-Y-M, hello.
W-Q-Y-M, hello.
Fake Gardener Week.
Q-Y-M.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I was wondering, have you given up totally on going to set up
that lighter? Is that still a possibility?
There is no possibility.
No. Nobody's interested in bringing you to that light.
Let me say it again. It's not going to happen.
Well, you know, I, first I was skeptical,
but I really think that's the way it's going to go.
I think it's going to be really big in the next couple of years.
I don't.
Well, you know, I, people said that about cable too.
That nobody would pay for something that you can get over.
There was a pool in a sunscent that let the less stuff
for about over the weekend for two or three days.
And 60-some percent said, they're not going to pay less
in the radio when I agree.
Well, yeah, but like I said,
there's something, if there's something that's going to be on there,
it's going to be that civilating and that fantastic.
Maybe I might pay for it, but I don't know what that would be.
Well, you know, when we had Howard on the air for free,
I didn't listen to him.
So why would I pay to listen to his show?
Well, no, not just him, but I mean,
even if you want to listen to Hungarian polka music,
there's a channel there for that 24 hours a day.
Well, I'm sure if I went into my local record store
or in my CD store, I could find lots of Hungarian polka music.
Okay, we're elected, pal.
We're still fumbling.
No, we're not giving up.
We're still fumbling our way along.
I love that.
Don't give up.
Yeah, oh, satellite radio is on.
Now we all better go home.
I'm going back to bed.
How can we survive?
Just keep the paychecks coming.
Okay, so your Hank is right.
I should stick to that.
This business, you know what?
You can take the sales department there
and stick them into damn ocean for my part.
I don't really care.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, the Indian Ocean.
For the new year, this is all of our resolution
on this show, whatever it is, we don't care, you know?
Programming, sales, engineering, hubbler, and drear.
Okay, we don't care.
We've done our best eight years, eight long,
excruciating years, trying desperately to find
some semblance of a radio station.
We can't find it.
We can't find it.
See, the question shouldn't be,
are you really going to go to serious radio to satellite radio?
The question should be,
would you ever get back into real radio?
This is Neil Roger.
Unlikely, this is 516-2.
Two K-10.
Sports green radio is working to foreign you in.
Absolutely.
Two K-10, not three days!
Two K-10, two K-10, two K-10.
Perhaps, when you shoot them, you're staying.
Where are the options? How bad are you? Are you a children's book?
Because you are a little girl who you shot at the same time.
That means a bad thing.
Where do you think that's why they don't prop me like a slab of bacon?
Two days, two days, thousand people.
You can't do it. You can't do it.
You know what? Well I know it's okay for us. What's y'all to mess with?
You know it's for the people.
You can't help it, dude.
No, but you know what I've never had a man, she didn't know that.
Maybe I've put down a rhino rather low children's books.
I don't think so.
What are you?
Go stupid, stupid, as you be bailed.
Go stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid.
Six, six, six, baby. See how many votes we got in that poll?
Six, six, six.
Yes.
Now you think that's an old man?
Are you feeling six, six, six?
You know something we ought to add that to the poll.
Neo-Rage has this, the Antichrist.
Well we know that.
Well it's good on there.
We got that voice mail, the Antichrist leading.
Right. That's all the balls, but you see the numbers right there.
Neo-Rage is very, well about about those numbers by the way.
Now that we have enough no more, we've got to rely on parents who don't care.
I had them here and then I went out and they said,
It's not that important. You said we were flat.
We were.
Yeah, well that's not bad.
Considering the number was the will of the month.
And also considering the fact that it's like, it's just bizarre.
You do want a market round.
I don't want them.
Okay.
All that's going to, by the way, 145 over 91.
Ooh.
That's better.
That's better, but not as good as it could be.
Well I got news for you who is dropping as fast as you would like to see it obviously drop.
I'll be on the floor.
Okay.
I was blood pressure 60 over 30.
And it's coming down because I'm relaxing now because I'm enjoying all these great calls.
Have a cocktail.
All these Ojohn provocateurum goyum.
We're going to really get to him.
Yeah, sure you are.
Wait until you see my paycheck on next Tuesday.
Near Rogers is very entertaining 274.
Voice of reason 142.
A genius 85.
A freaking genius.
Not just a regular genius, but as Randy would say, a freaking genius.
I wonder where she got that.
A federal Fag 75.
A panic 42.
Stale 27.
Uh oh.
Mom must have the odd vote.
A divisive 10, boring 6 and a bigot 5.
So I'm going to think coaching way whatever out of 666, but I bet you have a refresher.
Maybe what you put on a new one.
The Antichrist.
That's right.
There it is.
Not yet, but it'll it'll go zooming up there.
You'll see I am the Antichrist.
Okay.
I do I do like a good steak.
Not necessarily through the heart, but I like a good steak.
Why?
Don't you like a good steak?
I do.
I love it.
I'm not going to be eating no more man.
I'm off the food.
Food will kill you.
I sat there.
That's all I did for three days.
You know, you know, it's very interesting that every time I come there, I have a stroke.
Yeah.
Coz it is.
I don't know.
Seriously, that last, that time a couple of sub-royes ago, remember that?
Right.
And I told you, I predicted it because you sit and you sit and you eat, you know.
And by the way, Dick, I don't want dessert at Pompidle Park anymore.
Thank you very much, but don't anybody be giving me any desserts?
Although they will send me flowers.
Maybe like Jeff Cohen with sending me flowers.
Oh, it's a decal of that.
He had in my mother's funeral and said, this funeral catered by the pizza lot.
I like that.
You know what I had someone else check your packages for you because I heard a rumour that somebody sent you some chocolate.
What does that mean?
Chocolate.
Are you serious or are you just...
No, well, yeah, no, I just made that up.
Someone here in it.
John Jaros came back from Germany and I think he sent you some chocolate.
Well, that's what he wanted the address for was to send me chocolate.
He was in there one day and I thought he was a good guy.
We were having our usual nice friendly chat and he was stomping around in those big hit boots he wears.
Right.
Well, sitting in Deutschland, Uber, Alice.
He's a little too nice.
Yeah, exactly.
Just like Albert Speer.
So he, remember, he wanted the address.
Remember that, John?
It's going to talk to the dipping dog.
And Miguel gave it to him so he sent me a bunch of chocolates.
I thought he was sending me like some literature or something.
That's the last thing I need is chocolates.
Okay, John Jaros, you lunatic.
You're not seeing, man.
Oh my God.
How, how, how I'm not going to go into it with the audience is bored with that already.
How many times have I talked about, screamed about it?
People killing you with kindness.
And he could have saved it for me.
Right.
That's right.
Give it to George.
He and his poor family need the damn chocolate.
Oh, geez.
That's right.
Give me his poor desperate family after all the car problems over the weekend and I screwed up Christmas.
Man.
Could have given you done something nice for it.
No, he sends me a bunch of chocolates.
This fat old diabetic bag.
He's got blood sugar of like 900 over 800 and on the verge of death on his last legs on the way out.
When it doubt, he's on the way out.
That's what you think.
I'm going to live to 100 just out of spite just being a mean bastard.
Just out live.
Some people.
WQIM.
Hello.
Condolise.
WQIM.
Hello.
Hello, ragheads.
How are you?
Okay.
All right.
Listen.
I want to add to your poll there.
If I may.
Yeah.
The, let's see.
I was thinking escape from chaos.
To listen to you.
Is escape from chaos of this?
You're out.
He's the escape from chaos.
There you go.
No.
We passed it by the judges and the judge said.
WQIM.
Hello.
Hey.
What's up, Neil?
Yes, sir.
When Felizza, you're really.
I'm back to you.
Hey, let me ask you, man.
Speaking English, man.
Speaking English.
For sure, man.
You know, it's time that he's down here is the first time we've broken.
I know that.
Hey, is the chocolate poisonous for dogs?
Yes.
You know, it's interesting now.
Now, George right away jumps right in there.
No, it is not.
Dark chocolate is poisonous.
If it's a little dog, he needs too much, it can be.
But the dark chocolate is what's really bad.
Because I just happen to see a show on that just a few days ago.
On city, Paulson, they were talking about dogs in chocolate.
And one guy talked about how his big, great day and get into a whole big tin of chocolates.
And open it up and ate the whole thing.
Yes, because I heard, I got to, like some people told me, yes, some people told me, no.
But I heard a story that a little dog, they gave him a chocolate birthday cake.
So, he ate like a slice and then he, they, he's idiot, let him sleep with the cake.
You know, like as a birthday present and he woke up dead.
I mean, he never actually woke up.
So, wake up dead.
Now, in that interesting way you said that he woke up dead.
Oh, it's low.
You know, it's low.
It's low once the dog he has.
You know, they must be like all those minors.
They must be like all those coal miners in West Virginia.
They were alive, but then they woke up dead.
Hey, man.
Sometimes when you're reborn, you actually die.
No chocolate, baby.
No chocolates for the dogs, please.
Hey, let me ask you for the poll.
Do they have a, do someone mention Neorodgers is God or not?
No, that would be good.
Because you know what I'm saying?
I used to go to Catholic school, unfortunately.
And the one thing they told me is if you keep faith, you'll one day talk to speak to God.
And I'm speaking to him right now.
And this is your chance.
I'm your knees, pal.
Okay, have a great day.
You too, but I'm here.
Okay.
Kiss my ring or something around with a ring.
Okay, let's put that on a ring put God.
Oh, God.
I'll put some self-serving crap on here.
Got enough chief shots.
You know, I'm one of those people who are words about chief shots.
All I were, you know, when my pressure came back down so fast, I give up.
Because I started that routine again about thinking about the paycheck.
Oh, yeah, that's good playing.
I see.
I went off.
Just like I went off, my Bob Lasseter induced very, very strict, you know,
don't need any crap.
And I did that for quite a while.
And then I was home.
And I'm not blaming anybody by myself.
I had cold stone ice cream crap.
Oh, query.
Great.
A lot of it.
God, is that good?
I'd go by one.
I mean, for me, that's the kind of stuff once a year is enough.
I just, I don't know, it's not the kind of stuff you want like all the time.
I can't just write it.
Why?
But it's just, it's very unusual.
Very, very, very, okay.
Yeah.
It's very fat rich.
Oh, and I had quite a conversation with my friends at the track about that night.
I was, I don't know.
I was, I don't know.
Good thing I wasn't there.
Yeah.
Because if you haven't experienced like that, it lasts with you forever.
It's one of those things you can't get out of your mind, you know.
And he had the silver.
He had the super.
That's the best part.
Or the salad.
Oh, he had the crudeite dip.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Now, let's see.
Let's get this Iraq stuff out of the way, okay?
A suicide bomber set off as explosive the middle of a funeral Wednesday.
That sounds like today.
Killing at least 30 people.
I'm third, man.
And wounding 36 police hospital officials said, this is in Bakuba.
For all you kubans out there, it was in Bakuba.
For us flights in for a lot of time.
And they're going to Montego Bay in Kingston and San Juan.
And it's a zoo in there.
But I guess, I guess you're right.
It must be because it was New Year's.
Yeah.
I haven't heard from one person.
It's going to give me the low down on that four-letter.
If it's always that chaotic, because if it is, I would never fly there again.
You know, last couple of times I was there, it was not chaotic.
Oh.
Because Miami is farther away.
But at least it's, you know, I mean, American Airlines is chaos at my MIA.
But I never fly American.
But Miami is way worse.
You know, it is not.
Yes, it is.
You see, you know, you've been hanging around with George too long.
You say things as though it's a matter of fact.
Miami is way worse in terms of certain airlines like American is just total chaos.
It's way more people.
But I don't find, no, you're wrong.
Like, terminal G wherever our Canada is is nice.
And I mean, there are some days obviously when it's heavy duty is packed.
But most of the time it's very orderly and very like one of the middle notes.
It's not chaos.
Okay, and the two times I've been to the Miami airport.
Oh, two times.
Wow.
Yeah, well, it's taken about two hours to get through the terminal.
Yeah.
Well, why do you think they call it terminal?
That doesn't happen if we're allowed to.
If you could have seen this scene, but again, it was in the celebration.
It wasn't the year's day, but it was the day we were celebrated the holiday.
Monday.
You thought they were given away free time tickets and $1,000 cash to everybody.
It was just madness.
Last year I had to go twice because of the whole exchange student thing and it was a breeze each time.
For a lot of them.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'll try it again once.
But I'm not saying anything bad about Miami International and I've never had a problem there either to speak of.
No, it all depends on what terminal you're in.
And of course Josh doesn't fly or candidate because he doesn't come here because he's in a legal alien.
Oh, another bad.
By G Iraq.
By G. By G.
I know how you said.
And who cares?
A US Airist write killed several members of a family in the early finding time of by G in northern Iraq.
What?
Several members.
The US military said aircraft had targeted the house after three minutes to spread their planet across our bomb.
Some were seen entering the building late on Monday.
The military statement made no mention of casualties and said Iraqi police had handled a scene after the attack.
Local people at the scene of the blast said seven bodies were recovered from the rubble including at least two children.
That'll teach him to be there.
A police official in the regional capital to create said six people were killed in three wounded, although an official at the joint coordination center where they handled the joints, which are liaises between US and Iraqi forces said 14 died.
14 died.
Oh, wrong.
How sorry.
Sorry, mister.
What?
I have.
I've got a lot of good stories.
They're not a lot, but I got a few that are pretty good.
Like the swing or party under soccer parents at Orlando Hotel.
Oh, right.
By the way, swing clubs are legal in Canada now.
Well, they got a really.
They got a big one in Montreal.
So next time you want to go somewhere and go swing in it.
Okay.
I'll find someone to go with you.
I'm serious.
There was a big article about that just the other day.
Or was it the uterus day?
I get my uterus and my uterus mixed up.
Don't you?
I'll tell it.
I say a good bomb.
But it's tough to take the day off.
A good bomb back there in sales couldn't hurt when a bomb agrande would be good.
Starting right under Curtis's leg.
That's Curtis Raymond Burr.
Yeah, but I'm not going to get it.
Like I said, no more case or ross or rob, baby.
Go out and sell a bunch of crap or not.
Whatever you want to do.
It's got to be in effect.
My income, any any of our income on the show.
As far as the beesleaves are concerned, any bunch of Yahoo's that are too cheap to put up the 10 grand.
Even see they could have taken it back.
That's the best part to see money for the CD.
Right?
Right?
That would work for me.
No problem.
But they're too cheap to even do that.
They can take it back out of the proceeds.
Oh no, we want to make sure that all the revenue.
So basically what they accomplish is making sure that animal pet rescue doesn't get anything.
So I'll be sure and send them a nice check like I do.
Like I used to do with a chair.
I'll be sure and send them my own check.
Without the CD and all the hassle and migration that goes along with it.
In addition to what you know as well as I do, that with the last several years, as soon as that CD comes out,
it's online.
They're downloading it for free.
They're burning their own copies and they're going to stealthen, man.
It's a waste of time.
Right?
I got one of the key.
I got one of the key.
Now I don't dare.
Let's see.
I don't know which one is going to come up and might have to dump it.
This is better.
Let's see.
There's a little Howard David teaching.
Right?
And of course the mad dog ones were like hotcakes.
Oops.
Did you have to dump that one?
Yeah.
Oh.
That was the one I was hoping mad dog.
He's such a potty man.
Oh yeah.
157 at QAM.
We got the molemyster, the mad dog, Panther, hockey, Eddie, Kate.
What's not to like?
And it's all for free.
No subscription radio baby.
You don't have to pay for it.
Stir and start smut.
I'm sorry for the hour.
For the hour.
Stir and we'll let Requeen them.
Of course you probably won't be on it.
Anyway, because Requeen gets interrupted and preempted every night for the crazy story.
Do you know whether it's the miners, the fires in Oklahoma?
Are you in a dead end job underpaid?
If your new year's resolution is a high-paying career, you better act now.
Pick up the phone and call fast train right now at 1-866-fast train.
Fast train will get you trained ready for your new high-paying career in just a few short months.
That's right.
Obtain your new high-paying career in just a few short months.
The demand for medical coding specialists in computer professionals is right now at an all-time high.
Fast train offers convenient day-evening weekend classes, job placement assistance and financial aid for those people to qualify.
So pick up that phone and call fast train at 1-866-fast train.
Fast train is placed over 100 individuals just like you in 2005.
Fast train?
Check fast train out on the web at fast train.com.
You must act now in order to obtain your new high-paying career classes are quickly filling.
Don't miss the opportunity this year called tool free 1-866-fast train.
This year make you need a resolution of reality.
A real life and a real drive that goes along with it.
Fast train.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f
There's nothing to worry about. You can eat fordude chicken all day long and never have to worry. That's because we thoroughly inspect every chicken on our produce farm
So you can be sure that chicken you're eating is safe. This is my farm. Let me show you some of my pride and joy. All of them have names. This one over here is sleep in his birthday. That other one's sleeping over there is Henrietta. That one's Doris, Amy, Abby, Barbie, Cynthia, Candy, Dalai, Ernestine, Katie, Lorine, Monica, Martha. Well, they're all sleepin' too. They must have been up all night long
Think it about their trip to the market. This is my friend Jill over here. It takes candy.
Yeah, yeah, chickens.
Let's chicken some.
I got the what?
Yeah, I got the food.
You're playing sleepin' like I'm the chef.
All right, my friend Jill tells me it's time to wait the birds up and feed them some bird food, right Jill?
Right Jill!
You're saying right to me? I'll fire you ass.
Don't stand rotten.
It's time to free the Barbie side.
So don't forget head on down to your local grocery and ask for my special,
inspected extra-site chicken. I know your family will feel a whole lot better.
No one, it's Purdue.
Looking for a value meal that's positively infectious?
Hand down to KFC. Killer, blue chicken,
for the bird, blue family pack.
Free extra crispy legs, two thighs, and four contaminated beaks.
All for only $9.99.
Hey, who?
It's...
Finger, slick, and good.
It's a killer meal.
Not a killer meal.
Um, uh, uh, hey, you!
KFC, killer, blue chicken.
I think that kid in Fort Lauderdale, I went to Baghdad, came back with a contaminated beak.
Let's say you did.
I'll get to that store in a minute.
Oh, I got the marine down column.
She says it's not personal jacket, it's strictly business.
Jack Abramoth, who ought to be all over the newsman, but instead, we're like back on a
coal mine, or something.
False report blamed on miscommunication.
They're alive, oh, they're dead, they're well, we don't know.
Oh, we said?
Yeah, what are they, Jackass?
Through...
Stray, cell phone, conversation.
You know what he reminds me of?
Remember after the TWA 747 crash several years ago?
Forever in New York?
And then Bob Francis came on there, from the NTSB,
and him and the guy from the FBI, and they lied, and they lied, and oh, brother.
Remember that?
I do.
They lied.
Anyway, you're loved this story, this is amusing.
I love, we need a lot more of this.
Proof Christ exists, Judge Order's priest.
We love that.
Where is this going on, and how can I watch?
Oh, well, you have to go to Italy.
Okay.
And Italian Judge, is ordered a priest to appear in court this month to prove that Jesus Christ existed.
Oh, I'm excited.
What?
Tickling myself.
What are you really?
The case against Father Enrico Wiggy has been brought in the town of Iterabone,
north of Rome, by Luigi Castigoli.
It retired agronomist to one study for the priest of the later, later became a militant atheist.
You go, Luigi.
Senior Castigoli, author of a book called The Fable of Christ, began legal proceedings against
Father Wiggy.
Three years ago, after the priest announced Senior Castigoli in the Paris newsletter,
for questioning Christ's historical existence, or is that hysterical?
Oh, sweet Jesus, they're all alive.
That was just so beautiful, you know.
They're all running around high-five and then jiving and everything.
Oh, they're alive.
It's in Miracle.
They were raised and then praying.
They're all praying to God and Jesus to save them all.
And then OG, they're dead.
Well, Jesus must have been busy.
Here we got all these college football games.
He's probably betting on Texas.
When you think he'd bet on Texas, Judge, there are a lot more religious,
at least allegedly, than USC.
I'll imperverts in California.
That's right.
Yesterday, God,
Tano Mitoni, a Judge Inviterable,
a Guitano Mitoni.
I just love Italian man.
So schmaltz there.
I just can't get over it.
It's just so wonderful.
Although some of those people do smell bad.
A Judge Inviterable said,
if preliminary hearing for the end of this month,
and ordered Father Wiggy to appear,
maybe he ought to order Jesus to appear.
The Judge had earlier refused to take up the case,
but was overruled last month by the Court of Appeal,
which agreed that Senior Castigoli had a reasonable case for his accusation
that Father Wiggy was abusing popular credulity.
Did you ever abuse popular credulity?
But later than every day.
I'm sure about it.
Yeah, abuse it.
Senior Castigoli's contention echoed in numerous atheists.
And by the way, can I interrupt myself for one second?
If you must.
See, the purpose of this show,
I know this comes as a great shock to you.
I'm not here peddling Toronto or Canada
or upstate New York or any other place on our role or Berlin,
wherever you like it,
as the Chinese say,
Gage is under hate.
Gage, that's it.
Have a good time.
If you like it in Fayetteville or Carolina,
y'all have a good time.
You like it in the entry.
You have a swinging time.
So I love these people are trying to convince me,
like it's there.
Everything in Florida has got to be a big argument.
Oh no, this is better than where you are.
It's not where you are.
Whatever.
Believe me, I've been there recently.
Ooh.
Senior Castigoli's contention echoed in numerous atheist books and
internet sites is that there was no reliable evidence
that Jesus lived and died in 1st century Palestine
apart from the Gospel accounts,
which Christians took on faith.
There was therefore no basis for Christianity claims.
I would suggest that
absolutely could represent
a lot of wine-obbingly militant,
bastard atheist that I am.
Senior Castigoli's one-man campaign came to a head
at a court hearing last April when he lodged his accusations
of abuse of popular quadrupley and impersonation,
both offenses under the attack in penal code.
He argued that all claims with existence of Jesus
from sources other than the Bible
stem from authors who lived after the time of hypothetical Jesus
and were therefore not reliable witnesses.
I don't want to have a wonderful year at Paul in mind,
you know?
Saul Paul, whatever column this week.
Senior Castigoli maintains that early Christian writers
confused Jesus with John of Gamma Gamala
and anti-Roman, Jewish, Insurgent, and 1st century Palestine.
In 3rd, Church of Therodys were therefore guilty
of substitution of persons.
Kind of like an illegal substitution in a football game.
So all your Christians out there, 15 yards,
and the downsides are the same.
The Roman historians, Tastidus and Soutonius
mentioned a Christus or Crestus,
but were writing well after the life of the purported Jesus
and relying on hearsay.
Oh, no.
Didn't they have no printing press
or they read in the good books?
No, here they are.
Father,
now see here.
Father Rigi said there was overwhelming testimony
to Christ's existence and religious and secular text.
Millions had in any case believed in Christ
as both man and son of God for 2,000 years.
What a good scam.
If Castigoli does not see the Son of the Nescoid midday,
he cannot sue me because I see and he does not, Father Rigi said.
Senior Castigoli said that the Gospels themselves were full of inconsistencies
and didn't agree on the names of the 12 apostles even.
He said that he would withdraw his legal action
if Father Rigi came up with an irrefutable proof of Christ's existence
by the end of the month.
The Vatican is so far to climb to comment.
And then of course this story, now what website are there?
Oh, the Times, the Brit paper Times Online in the UK.
Now we have to have the evidence.
Ready for the evidence?
I'm hanging on.
The Gospels say that Jesus was born to the Virgin Mary and Bethlehem,
grew up in Nazareth, preached and performed miracles and gallantly
and died in the cross in Jerusalem.
But what kind of evidence is that?
The Gospels say the Gospels were written long after he allegedly died.
Right.
In his antiquities of the Jews at the end of the first century,
Josephus, the Jewish historian, refers to Jesus as a wise man,
a doer of wonderful works, who drew over to him many of both the Jews
and many of the Gentiles.
Goyem.
Muslims believed Jesus was a great prophet.
Many Jewish theologians regard Jesus as an itinerant rabbi
who popularized many beliefs of liberal Jews.
Oh, Jesus was a liberal.
Oh, we knew that.
Neither Muslims or Jews believed he was the Messiah and Son of God,
which we also know that.
That's a bulletin.
Let's ask of this, the Roman historian who lived from 55 to 120.
mentions Christus in his anal, Iannals.
In about 120, Sutonius Arthur, the lives of the Caesar,
says, since the Jews constantly made disturbances at the instigation of Christus,
emperor Claudius expelled them from Rome.
Others Jews were always making trouble.
You know what?
Always looking for wholesale.
That's right.
They can go.
God, not to be the most famous man.
Oh, man.
Oh, I didn't tell you because you weren't there about the...
Well, I mean, it's not a big deal.
It's not like a story.
But when I was in the Amsterdam, it skipped whole waiting to come back
from my Amsterdam to Toronto.
And the two Orthodox Jews, the Getskies with the big hats and the whole...
The whole...
I don't know.
It just affected me in a way that never has before.
What can I get out of my sets?
Huh?
What can I get one of those big hats?
Oh, brother.
Do you want to look like a hockey puck?
Well, you're old account.
He had to be able to hook you up.
He got those to fill in and all that other stuff.
Oh, I got to return your voicemail, David.
Sorry.
What the hell does he want?
He was wishing me happy holidays over the holidays.
And I was just too wrapped up to return any body skulls.
Boy, talk about a Getskie.
Oh, it's too wrapped up.
Get it?
Yeah, I just stood on fire.
I stood on it.
Speaking of that, speaking of a sliding on it,
let's see how that pole is coming.
Neo Rogers is...
What do we got?
744 votes.
We might have an outside shout out to the thousands during the show,
but I don't want to like, now, do you think?
No.
Maybe?
Don't even know it.
Why, why, why?
Why should we go there?
Too much pressure, too much stress.
We don't want to get stressed out.
We don't want to get that pressure back up.
Take a little bit.
Take it light.
Take it light, Neo.
Keep it light.
Neo Rogers is very entertaining 303.
A voice of reason 163.
A genius 95.
And you should live so long.
A fat old fag 80.
Now you're getting close.
A panic 43.
Stale 28.
That means a 14 votes each for Moe and Mrs. Moe.
Device of 11.
God, 7.
Boring 6.
Well, God can be boring.
He ain't doing much.
Obviously, he's not responding to anybody's prayers.
Boring 6.
A big of 5.
And the Antichrist.
So went a trace out of 743.
Only 3 Antichrist.
When you double that multiplied times, uh, whatever.
Right?
Right?
111.
Soccer families and swingers do not mix.
Especially when the parents of Adless and Soccer players
checked their daughters into a hotel
that was hosting a New Year's Eve party
for more than 200 self-described swingers
who'd reserved a downstairs ballroom
along with rooms on the night flow.
Parents who traveled from South Carolina
and Clearwater
to bring their 11 to 13-year-old daughters
to a five-day soccer tournament said they were shocked.
Oh my God.
By the parade of sexually adventurous partygoers
who satiate to the glass enclosed atrium,
sometimes flashing breast and bare buttocks
in front of their children.
Welcome.
How do you like that?
A lot.
I like it a lot.
I bet you did.
I knew you would.
They described the dress as some of the swingers
that they crowned plus a hotel airport in Orlando.
Let's see if you didn't know that when you broke down.
You'd have stayed there.
No question.
They described the dress as raunchy,
despicable and worse than prostitutes.
Lost prostitute us.
We thought we were coming to Orlando,
not the Las Vegas strips at Mark Gilbert.
Father of a 13-year-old replace on the Clearwater Chargers
of Rupa 13 and Under Players.
The team's booked the 92-dollar night rooms
for a Disney Soccer Showcase
sponsored by DisneyWide World of Sports
through the internet from Anthony Travel.
They said hotel management didn't tell them about the swingers party
or trying to keep the uninhibited adults away from their children.
Hotel managers wouldn't comment.
However, however, several hotel employees who spoke on the condition
of course of anonymity,
like just about everybody else,
said about 200 swingers attended the New Year's Eve party,
Saturday night about half the number that attended
a similar of any year earlier.
One employee said the party was advertised on the swing or website
and participants, some of whom engage in partner swapping
and voyeurism, came from across the USA.
All of the swingers,
all of the swingers had checked out of the hotel by late Sunday
and could be reached for comment.
We're not pruded by any means that Rob Young,
a Greenville South Carolina,
who said his two daughters, Leah 13 and Lauren 11,
were asking questions that were difficult to answer.
Like what are the big book, what it's all about?
We would have liked to have been informed when we checked
at the hotel so we could have made other arrangements,
he said.
Young said a hotel manager,
one point told the children from Carolina elite soccer academy
to move out of the lobby into the swimming pool area.
The kids could see through the glass,
ate them into the ballroom
where naked people were dancing, young said.
There were exposed breasts,
thongs, that's with a TH,
thongs and see-through dresses on women
who weren't in the underwear.
Huh.
Young said he complained of hotel management
and a John Hollis and off to the Orlando police officer,
asking if the swingers could be kept out of the hallways in lobby,
he said neither the officer nor the manager acted on his complaints.
He said, you mama.
Thomas was hired by the hotel for New Year's Eve security detail,
did not witness any violations of the law.
Lieutenant John Mayna,
I was commander for the Orlando police said Sunday night.
Officials at Anthony Travel could be reached
where he had already said that, didn't it?
Yes.
Walker Downs 15 and then a racetrack that like Northville.
I know I'm way over, but I gotta finish this.
Sorry.
Walker Downs 15 City was walking through the lobby
about 8 p.m.
Saturday with the sister Molly 13
and two of her friends when he saw something he'll never forget.
Some lady pulled her skirt down in the show,
a black thong with diamonds and Walker,
a 10th grader in Walden High School in Walden, South Carolina.
It made me uncomfortable because that was there with my family.
You found it.
Yeah, they weren't there.
I had to jump out of there.
He liked it a lot.
Walker is another Julie Downs, a 43-year-old registered nurse at her children's
house,
whether restricted their rooms could party on New Year's Eve.
Paul Camparini brought his wife's seventh grade daughter
and eighth grade son from safety harbor,
said he had a delicately explained to my Catholic school children
that swingers change partners during the evening.
Camparini 49 is that his son initially didn't want to travel to watch his sister play soccer,
but thought the swingers party was down right hilarious.
You go, boy.
Trust me, sometimes they do it during the day too.
My biggest gripper is that though, tell I do distinctly different groups
under the same roof, a soccer team in middle-aged swingers should not have been booked together.
Oh, maybe the, you know,
maybe the soccer team would like to participate, you never know.
Or at least swim naked a little while in practice makes perfect.
1215 to QAM.
She looked like a pretty young creature.
She sat on the grass.
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ruffles and laces and white plopped
beat dark.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin.
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling reputed,
later from yesterday's hunt,
while the girl in the meadow was rubbing her eye, let the fellow down by the dock.
It looked like a man with a sigh of a home in the country with a big fence out front.
If he asked her for lightly, she'd show him her little pet dog who was subject to this.
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender and with a movement so quick,
and then she'd bend over and suck on his candy so tasty made of butter,
scotch, and then he spread wood cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shell.
If you think this is dirty, you can go and f*** yourself.
All right.
1219, 136 over 90.
Yeah, in the right direction at least.
What's wrong with that in the middle of the show?
Right.
That's not that bad.
I'm going to wear mine next time I do a show to see what happens.
Yeah, wear it.
Don't bring it.
Just wear it.
Yeah.
Don't wear it out.
So marine doubt or all breaking news, the way he remarks from the mine company,
the E.
Oh, yeah.
The one.
It's a good distraction for you.
20 minutes.
We sure want to talk about Jack Abramoff and all those big Republican scandals coming up.
With their sand is going to make watergate look like a Sunday walk in the park.
Oh, I can't wait.
And that's something.
And it's like a game.
How's that going?
Huh?
How's that spying investigate?
That's small potatoes.
Well, I just, in fact, funny you should mention that I just sent it along a story to Josh there
about the the NSA were the ones who initiated the whole spy program in the first place.
Right.
So all this crap about well, he's got to protect Americans.
That's all a bunch of baloney.
Of course it is.
Right.
Well, everything, oh, you know, it's national security.
And it's shameful that anybody let that out.
And it's a system with a catalyst for them to spy and he violated it.
Right.
That is correct.
That's why they have the emergency courts.
Right.
The secret court.
The secret court.
So we can go there.
They don't even have to get a warrant.
All I have to do is just we want to do this.
Okay, go ahead.
They can do it.
They can do it.
They can do it.
And they can actually they can they can apply for the warrant three days.
Well, later retroactive like you said.
But no, not that because in fact, not are saying that they're they're
you drive their wiretapping and you dropping over 500 people a year.
And of course, who knows who those people might be?
And what are the stories that I posted you might have read it or not?
The NSA were also sharing the information that they gather with other agents.
Like the CIA and the other night.
So even if you're you're not involved in spying or terrorism or anything like that,
they're going to get you on something.
That's right.
When you hear that little knock on the door about two o'clock in the morning,
won't be Xavier Swarzen as bathroom.
Okay, or maybe we'll be marine downrights.
It's not personal jacket strictly business.
How do you like that?
That marine man.
She just continues to astonish and astound.
I think what she's trying to say is you're thinking of spending first.
Like that.
This is early long.
So bear with me.
Okay?
Oh, it's okay.
And it's not as good as all those great calls we've had so far.
But they have really just awakened my, uh, but the side of Jack Abramoff
stride out a federal court here yesterday looking like a stocky gangster from a 40s movie
in Black Fedora and trench coat.
May seem like the strongest evidence so far of how graphed and hubris have overwhelmed the
capital.
It could have been a scene from the godfather, a favorite film of the philonia is lobbyist.
The Washington Post reported that he did business with people linked to the underworld,
built Indian trams of tens of millions, and then lavished a bundle and traveled gambling
profits on greedy members of Congress.
The post-administer Abramoff loved to amuse colleagues by meditating Michael Corleone
as he rejected a corrupt politicians for demand for a share of mafia gambling money.
Senator, you can add my answer now if you like.
My offer is this.
Nothing.
Yep, but just, I don't you love that?
I do.
Which is because this is a scale of immorality and blatant sale of government that
astonishes even Washington's cynics by looking on the dark side.
The Abramoff plea bargain may have left his former business partners and political pals
panicking wondering if the rat will rat them out.
The Republican congressman Tom DeLay and Bob Nay are among these sleazy so-ons caught up in
his scandal, and House Speaker Dennis Hasterot scrambled yesterday to launder $69,000 in dirty
Abramoff contributions donating the wild to charity.
And then there's Ralph Reed, the choir boy Bible thumper, who uses links to Christian groups to
immorally apply Indian, or play Indian tribes off against each other.
But looking at the big picture in some ways the imperial presidency is working out quite well
for everyone. Think about it. All those congressmen don't really need to do their jobs anymore,
with the president able to make more or less more as he chooses, treat the enemy as he sees fit
in snoop on Americans at will. Our representatives have more time for the duty many are clearly
best suited to, playing golf, gratis, and Scotland. Remember how the White House press used to
give poor Bill Clinton such a hard time about mere Mulligans? Now that Dick Cheney is freed
Congress from the bother of advising and or consenting, lawmakers can work on new ways to
game the system and wallow in the GOP's culture of corruption, while tough-tutting about the
decline in the American moral values. Since the Republican-run Capitol doesn't have to worry about
holding the Bush White House accountable for excesses in torture and spying, and the other
mereed ways it's placed itself above the law, congressmen have more leisure hours for Abramoff
successors to treat them to some redskins games and stake dinners.
Checks and balances are now as quite as they Geneva conventions, congress is complicit in putting
its thumb on the scale for the executive branch. The post reported W taken advantage of an
event that innovation started years ago by Samuel Alito Jr. to shore off executive privilege.
As the Young Justice Department lawyer in the Reagan administration, Mr. Alito created a strategy
that has the president declare what law means when he signs them. Mr. Alito wanted the courts to
focus as much on the president's interpretation of the law is on what he called a legislative intent.
W has issued at least 108 such statements. The post said rejecting provisions and bills that
the White House regarded as interfering with its powers national security and intelligence
policy and law enforcement. And since the imperial presidency is run by the vice president,
W has a lot of free time to do the things he likes to do, confined with his wife and mother-in-law
to Crawford Ranch. He spent his Christmas vacation mountain biking and clearing brush.
He left the ranch for a brief visited Brook Army Medical Center in San Antonio,
where he kidded in a way that again showed his jarring lack of empathy with the amputees from
Iraq and Afghanistan. As you can probably see, I have an injury myself, not here at the hospital
that in combat with a cedar. I eventually won. The cedar gave me a little scratch. As a matter of
fact, the colonized if I needed first aid when she first saw me, I was able to avoid any major surgical
operations here, but thanks for your compassion, colonel. To see that little scratch on his forehand,
look, maybe they're doing a lobotomy. W also used the occasion to defend the Smithsonian Eve
dropping program that made even John Ashcroft and his deputy James Komi's skittish as the times
reported, Andy Cardin, Alberto Gonzalez had to make an emergency trip to see the reluctant Mr.
Ashcroft in the hospital in March 2004 to get the program recertified because Mr. Komi had
blocked. You know you're in trouble when John Ashcroft is worried about overreaching.
Cismarine Dodd, that's today's compliment, New York Times.
I want to know who that information is. The same New York Times that had the big headline on
the front page this morning has been so many other American newspapers. Miracle rescue, all 12,
a 12 live got in Komi. Oops. How do you like that? I guess I don't know. That's one reason that
newspaper sucks is this going to bed early, Cranp, you know? I wonder how many newspapers had
to final the orange bull last night? Josh. What? Well what time did that came in? They went in three
over times. I don't know. I didn't watch the end of the game. Well neither died. It had been up
till 2.30 in the morning. Who down those what time that came in? I'm sure somebody would know.
That important stuff. Come on baby Penn State State's family. It's crazy to your paternal.
Now might be the only one who thinks that his behavior is outrageous or what Josh? No he's lost it
over the top baby. Like a lunatic like a madman. Bitching out the referee swearing and cursing and
yelling and just spitting blood. Well they won the game though and that's good point. If you weren't
like 92 and you know. Yeah. That's his legacy man. That's his legacy. Bad uniforms by the way.
I don't care if they won their uniforms suck. And how about those hurricanes? 40 to 3 against LSU?
Not exactly. I mean you know. Was that embarrassing or what? And then they could fire like three or
four coaches? Yeah. Not coach. Coco but full coaches had to go because at UM it's just like
Notre Dame. If you don't win every game you're out. And Notre Dame won't have losing that game
to the day and the hurricanes. LSU 40 UM 3 they didn't get the first three points at the game but
something to be said. Something. Yeah. Now what was that? Was that the Cracker Bill Fiesta taco
Schmacko. What was that? That was the Chick-fil-A. Oh the Chick-fil-A bowl. Right. Even coach
Coco was saying well yeah we're honored to be in the Chick-fil-A a piece bowl. Whatever he's talking
about. 28 well it's not much honor anymore when you lose 40 to 3 to a girl school. 28 pass
noon at 560 WDQYM if you're in a dead end job and underpaid if you're new years resolutions
and get you a high-paying career in a life you better act now. Pick up the photo call fast train
right now at 1-866 fast train. Fast train will get you trained ready for a new high-paying career
just a few short months. That's correct. You can obtain that new high-paying career in just a few
short months. The demand for medical coding specialists and computer professionals right now is
at an all-time high. Fast train offers convenient day evening weekend classes too. Job placement
assistance financially for people to qualify. So pick up that photo call fast train tool 3-1-866
fast train. Fast train is placed over 100 individuals just like you in 2005. So check fast train
out on the web at fast train.com. Act now in order to obtain your new high-paying career classes are
quickly filling. Don't miss the train of opportunity this year call 1-866 fast train. There is
absolutely no obligation. Tell me Todd Dreck told you to call the big chuckle out of that. This
year make your news resolution reality. Get yourself a job and a real life by calling fast train
to name. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62 AF. Are you tired of the same old same old what it
comes to ice cream parlors? Yeah, boy. Well, you're in luck. From a company that brought you the
successful ice cream chain, Fast Get Robbins 31 flavors. Please you the first ever inner city ice
cream parlors from public enemies number two rapper introducing Fast Get Robbins 31 flavor
flames. Yeah, boy. That's right. At 31 flavor flames we've put a little sultan sultan in a
ordinary ice cream. Instead of a boring old chocolate at 31 flavor flames it's called scoop
with chocolate bitch. Yeah, boy. Let's not forget about the scrumptious tree Rocky Roadmother
there's also Neapolitan can kiss my black ass. Strawberry can suck my ghetto and our brand new
flavor. Moose tracks up on your white ass. Yeah, boy. 31 flavor flames where our motto is stop
in and grab a scoop. Let's play that a hundred times what do you say? Do it. Good bleep to it.
You know what we got? What? We're going to do a thousand votes today. What a good way for me to
break in the new year. I can't believe you did a show on Monday and either can you. Oh,
no, I was shocked and amazed that nobody else was working either. Well, see, so it's a good thing
you got to do the money yesterday because Monday was just like a walkover. It was like a yes. Yeah,
you stole my material on Monday so I'd nuttin for yesterday. Well, you should just done it again
because nobody obviously was listening Monday anyway. Oh, we did. Now this show is very
stale is no question about that and boring but we do have 799 which means by the top of the hour
we'll have like probably eight twenty eight thirty. We got a shot of a thousand a day which
would be a fine way to start the new year. Even Josh should be impressed by that. I would be.
I'm out of way. Josh was really bitching you off bad when you were on vacation about sending him
eight million stories every day. Well, you know, I mean, I know you're conscientious and you want to
do a good job on that but like, you know, I have to get through the first 60 stories you got to
realize that this young man has got others don't you. They weren't redundant. I made sure that each
one was unique and different and important. Yeah, there you go, Josh. Okay. See that. I don't think
he sold. I think you'll have to try a little harder than that. Oh, he said he didn't want to do
them anyway. I sure hope we don't say that. Okay. Another another look. Good boy, that's going to save me a
lot of cash. I can't keep waiting for that thing to cross over to eight hundred and something.
Eight hundred. Oh, you got it. Yeah. Oh, they're coming in by the ones now. Suza said we're going
for a thousand a stop. Eight hundred votes on our very scientific pool. And I take it very personal
by the way. Well, my blood pressure has come back down and let me say this. We went through this once
before. Remember, a couple of years ago, and I said I wouldn't talk to those people when it came in
there. I went through the whole thing. And my problem is that I backslide, so to speak.
And I'm just not doing it no more. I mean, you want to come in and aggravate me in the morning
on that end. I'm just going to get him walk out. In fact, I can just hit the button here and just
show off that return part. I don't know. You could be going, but I don't even hear it. I like that.
That's probably the best idea. Do you know something? Yes, it is. So people like twice
record. Okay, stick all our crap on here that you want, baby. Whatever you like, but just stay out of
my face and you're not driving my Corvette. And I don't want anything to do with you and just go away.
And as far as fat boys concerned, are you still alive? Yeah, I found this. Maybe the rumors on him are
odd. Damn it. I was thinking maybe here's like those cool miners. Maybe it was a false report.
Dominic QYM, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir.
Hey, I wanted to know something. Don't we all? How do you think the American people feel about
the United States being the only country to invade another country that has weapons of mass
destruction? And then that used it on us. They actually go and hide their weapons.
Huh? Huh? Well, they didn't have any. They don't have any, my friend. They weren't hiding them.
Yeah, they don't have any. Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. Oh, boy. See, people are trying to be clever when
they call their bodies clever as a fart, you know? Oh, man, I seriously, that, that, that guinea
foul. Yeah, that made me cut the foulest cheese. I think in my, even I was getting grossed out.
And I went, oh, boy, good thing there was like all that big space in the upper deck there in first class.
Man, five six seven, oh, five 60 pound five 60 in a Verizon singular, because you know,
when it makes you swoon, if anybody else walks by and catches wind of it, you're gonna look at
you like, oh my God, what died and crawled inside your back, right? Right. Right. Right.
WNQAM. Hello. Oh, thank God. You're back. WNQAM. Hello.
Neil, how's it going? Okay, pal, I just want to wish you a happy, happy, happy birthday, happy
anniversary and happy, happy Shavuah. Okay. And happy tissue above too. And how about those panthers?
WNQAM. Hello. Yes. How did that game last night? It got over quarter after one.
Quarter after one. Okay. Thanks so much. I want them into the Megalisa. You know what time the game was over.
And that sounds about right to me. So the newspapers all went to bed before the game was over.
And before they found out that those cool miners, daughters and all that other stuff, they were all dead.
See, if you're wondering about politics in America and why things are the way they are, and I,
you know, I don't want to like trample on people when they're, when they're down and they got all like grief and stuff.
But have you noticed? I mean, you really can't help it.
Because even the food channel has got the cool miners story on 24 or 7 now.
Have you noticed those people that I use that term very loosely? Oh, yeah. Yeah.
At this Virginia, West Virginia, don't know about you. And I'm kind of surprised because West Virginia is very
often the votes Democratic. Isn't Jay Rockefeller from West Virginia? Yes, he is. Democrat. Huh?
I guess maybe the Democrats are in the cool mine.
Maybe they're party. Oh, working in the cool mine. Bye.
Don't know. We do our seat. Very good. Is it really? Yes it is. Wow.
See, it took me about three seconds while I haven't heard that song in a long, long time.
Lee Dorsey. No relation. No kind of Tommy Dorsey or Jimmy Dorsey.
Oh, I can't believe it. What was the quarterback for the Hurricanes? There was named Dorsey Ken Dorsey?
Is that it? That's it. Kenny. Wow. Do I know my Dorsees or what? Huh?
I know what I mean. I do. I do. Now, my, my pressure is coming on down. Very nice. I hate to break the news.
You had your chance. You could have got me when it was like 172 over 1.0 whatever was.
You had your chance. You could have started getting me all. And now it's like no problem. No
Sretzky, man. That's back to like abnormal. Oh, why are they doing this?
Stop acting stories. You maniac. Yeah, you idiots. You know the other story that a song
you should have played? What? Tennessee or any Ford? I don't think we have that in here.
You load 16 tons. You don't have 16 tons? Look into. Come on. That's what that was number one
for about 400 weeks. I bet you I bet you're snooky Lansing saying that on your hit parade.
I bet you're both a brand man. We do when we hit close we have the Johnny Cash version.
No, hey, that's it. Stop it. If it's on here, that means it was a hit and kind of sees wasn't.
Are you crazy? That was not a hit. Well, killing. That was not a hit. Let me get the book.
Oh, I just have like top five. So if it didn't make it into the top. When you want to start giving
me a solid a dance about, oh, let's see. Fifty five percent. I like the tenest and only Ford version
much better for what it's worth. Let me get again. And remember this only have from 1960 up.
It was probably a good piece. Yeah. Let's see. You know what would that be under Ford?
And here's your old Ford. He's still alive too, man. They keep trying to take him out
of the way. He's still alive. I wonder what the squeaky from thinks about that.
Remember squeaky from? Yeah, sorry, just the other day.
Tennessee Ernie Ford. It was number one for eight weeks, 16 tons, 11, 12, 55 November, 55.
Yeah. I got that. Well, how do you like that? Number one for eight weeks, baby.
It was huge. It was gigantic. It's soft. It was on capital records. Yellow. I used to snap the
fingers. You know, one thing I really am not really good at. I don't know about you. How do you
do it? I'm not a good finger snapper. Oh, there you go. You got to practice. I'm going to finger
cracker. Ooh, like that. I'll snap all the time. A knuckle cracker, huh? I'm snapping all the time.
And I'll tell you, Pat Boone, probably also a little piece of trivia that you're dying to know.
Pat Boone, the movie song Love Letter is in the sand. I'm not records member on a day. He couldn't
sing a lick. He could lick it, but he couldn't sing a lick. Although he did have a cute boon in the box.
But he did the whistling on it. So I remember they in the middle of the bridge. You got it?
Love Letter is in the sand. Pat Boone. You don't? I thought you had the ultimate collection in
there. Man, you better get with those time life people and start sparing your collection.
I got that. Woody River. See? I know my Pat Boone. It's your trust me. What about this one?
If I could hear it, I could probably know it better. It was a moon that night. Oh, yeah.
It was a caacamole. It was a night. I walked alone. It was a moon. A dobi husse.
So how was that? I heard the place. I heard it. It was a hit. No, it was a hit, but it just
doesn't ring any bells at the moment. Well, it's a million. It's a million. It's a
it's a speedy ride. Speedy or Gonzalez? There you go. It's speedy or alien Gonzalez.
Radegaard, whatever. What are you doing, alien? You better come home speedy, gone.
Enough with him. I'm already okay. I'd rather hear 2D fruity. That's a lot for a lifetime.
And if you ask me, Inspector Gonzalez protests station. You're free. I always looked
a little 2D fruity to me. 19 to 1. Dan May, I'm mommies. You're coming along at two o'clock
and want a way to start the new year. This is me. It's $5.16. She's a good girl.
I'm going to vote. The John Lennon files. This day, the government refuses to release them.
Tonight on the History Channel, you'll find out why. Only the History Channel has
uncovered never heard before tapes of Lennon's rehearsal sessions recorded under their constant
surveillance of the FBI.
I'm not your dad's new victim. No spirit I knew too.
I'm not your dad's new playdogs.
Or bullet bills of scuby guilt.
I'm not your dad's new home.
Now March, we're back to the next.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Arjun, enough trouble to impact that age.
This place should be fucked right now.
Don't worry about it.
Answer what's for the little buffers.
Around the town of the San Chirvig, we've had the kids who get your world to agree.
When the party is broken in tact, you get a fact while you're making the right.
And I can pack the fellow moose.
Believe all the news you hear.
Sergeant Children's country of the Dan.
They weren't.
Oh no.
This is a good house.
Yes sir. Do you want to go to jail?
Right. I need that bag of bloody hell in the head.
Get on with the car.
I have a little boy.
He's called a little bit of the AI brothers.
He's out there.
Jay and Gifford are dreams about the little buff in this pretty dress.
Yes, sweet now he likes best or a day like told.
A salsa.
Both the winking diamonds on paints and bits of grey below by pink,
wine and dried.
First name, all the fads, not his type of hell.
But the flow.
There you are.
And we're all going to get frustrated.
I'm just having a bit of a load of.
H R all different.
H R when things get rough.
H R all different.
Well, see John Feens wife.
Food the ball.
1248 at 560 W to Q. I am happy new year.
Happy Wednesday, January 4.
844.
We need 156 hosts between now and soon to get that thousand.
I think we'll do it.
Can't you smell it?
I smell something.
Could be the smell.
That must be fat boy being in the building.
I beg your pardon.
I'm slipping the smatch marker.
Former Washington lobbyist, Jack Abramoff,
completed guilty to federal corruption charges in Washington yesterday.
Plants today.
In just a few minutes,
to plead guilty in a separate case in Miami.
Involving the purchase of Rourabay's son,
Cruz Casino is a fleet of gambling ships.
He skids a repearing federal court at 1 p.m. today.
12 minutes from now.
Abramoff and his vendous partner, Adam Kadan 41.
We're in debt at last summer in charges of defrauding lenders.
In their 147.5 million dollar purchase
of the floating gambling operation they bought the company in 2000.
South Florida prosecutors charged the pair with lined lenders
about putting down 23 million to qualify for a $60 million loan.
They never made the down payment.
Ah, details, you know.
They should have called Ditec.
Kadan 41, pleaded guilty last month to conspire with Abramoff and the son, Cruz Casino.
And as if that isn't enough.
Governor Jeb Boish, your fat ass governor,
signed it a lot today, a bill that allows four-brow repair mutuals
to begin offering slot machines.
Looking for that good machine mine.
Oh, right.
As opposed to the good machine gunman.
That means that as soon as this summer,
three race tracks and a front-on can offer slot machines
in addition to the dog and horse racing and highlight machines
they already offer, matches, whatever.
Horse racing and highlight matches.
They ever go to a horse racing match?
No, lately.
They must wait high, everyone, until the state Department of Business
and Professional Regulation draws up day-to-day guidelines for operating slots.
Those rules would also include the way the slots work and guidelines that ensure
the fairness of the machine's mine.
Oh, everybody wants to get the hot machine mine.
They would also include rules on what kind of background tracks employees would undergo
and how the proceeds from the slot machines will be audited.
Proceeds from the machines will be taxed 50% a ridiculous rate.
Money that will go to an education in Florida.
Lawmakers have to determine how they'll spend them.
I mean, that's made $100 million in the first year of operation.
Lawmakers pad well, we know about that.
But it'll be put in a drag their feet.
We can already be a P-1, have people plunge in their guts out.
Wouldn't that be great, but they're not.
But this spring, I'm thinking by El Sincro de Mayo.
That's what I'm thinking.
Okay.
If you're thinking you're sticking.
5670560, did we get any calls about that four-loader daily report?
No.
I mean, I'm sure that the majority of the people isn't a visual.
Are you users of four-loader daily, Hollywood, or National?
No, we'll say that.
Probably most of them don't use terminal four.
Right.
Like how do we wear Canada?
Everything I can't have an opinion since 9-11,
because it used to be in a higher in both parties.
Right.
And there was nobody there.
Right.
And now you can't, they don't let you in past like just inside the sliding doors.
That's about as far as you can go unless you're a ticketed passenger.
Right.
So I had to be the adult escorting the, you know,
teenagers back in there.
So I got to go back in there and it was just fine.
But I don't, you know, out front before they let you in.
It's like standing room only because it's so crowded.
You know what I mean?
Because they don't let anybody pass that point.
Right.
Well, did they have, did you go through the security or not?
I did.
Yeah, I did.
They have that zigzag security where you go through that,
I mean, like a maze, like a Sanadon,
no, I didn't go into that during a rush time.
Huh?
I didn't go during a busy time.
Oh, maybe that's why they had that maze because it was so busy.
Probably amazing.
Crazy people.
Nobody Q I am.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, what they're not talking about with the mining accident on the news is the most
important thing.
That place had 205 violations last month for health and safety.
Yeah, we know that.
That's, that's, they must be talking about otherwise we wouldn't know that.
When I saw it on TV, nobody's ever talked about it.
Sure, but where did you find out about it?
Another radio station.
Yeah.
And that's what it was on a radio station is full of crap because I've seen that on the
TV coverage a million times already.
Well, I didn't mean that.
What show did you hear that on?
On Square America.
Oh, well, Square America is full of crap.
Okay, we get like it's a big exclusive.
Okay, it's been on their eights and a times already and they've shown the chart how many
they had last year and year.
Uh, they're in the Finiapala crap, you know what I'm saying?
Okay.
Yeah.
Also, the people who the guy that runs the agency used to be a coal mine executive.
Yeah.
Does that really supply you?
I mean, the way this president's doing this.
Let me ask you a question.
Let me ask you a question.
Why are you so worried about that?
Because the media tells you to be worried about it.
And now because that's the way this administration runs itself.
No, that's the way the, the people around themselves, okay?
Is they let the media tell them what they ought to be all whipped up into a frenzy about?
That's why I couldn't give a flying crap land,
a crop or crap less about this so coal mine thing.
And guess what's on CNN right now?
Live on the air right after it happened.
There was just so much.
Do you mean 80,000 guesses, okay?
Again, if the risk is sounding insensitive,
there's people dying all over the place all the time.
And especially the 2200 who died in Iraq based on a bunch of lies.
But the media doesn't want to cover that very much because it's bad for business.
So let's zero in on the, the hysterical story du jour,
which we've seen 80 billion hours of coverage on.
Well listen, you stick with Air America, man.
You get some exclusive crap that nobody else will know, won't you?
Sure, yeah, why don't you bet?
I got two stories by Doug Thompson, your favorite.
Yes he is.
I got all his stories on there.
I don't know if you know this.
Good for you.
Bush's drinking and drug use must be investigated.
Anti-gay group disrupts funerals of slain soldiers.
But first speaking of stories that we have to be really whipped up into a frenzy about.
So one of the first things George said to me this morning,
he said, why should we care about that pun from four long day who went to Iraq?
And I thought to myself for a second, I said,
good question.
Because I don't, I mean he's got a bad nose.
And then come to find out that after, see it's like this story that we're supposed to be
whipped up with the coal miners, they give you the false information like all of his kids
sneaked out of the house and he somehow he managed to get.
Colonie, daddy was the one who said it all up for him.
How do you like that?
You didn't see that, didn't you, the follow up?
No, I didn't. I've been ignoring it. His diagnosis comes on the TV, I've changed the channel.
An American teen who cut class to make a solo trip to Iraq return to his exclusive private school
where officials said they weren't sure how to punish him.
Fair, how about sending him to Abu Gharr?
Fair as Hasan will not be expelled from Pinecrest, but the 16-year-old junior could lose his
honorable status face requiring him into the service or have points deducted from his
brain point average for skipping class said, Lord is cowgill.
President of the Prep Academy, we've got some of our students in Fort Lauderdale.
I wonder if Lord is cowgills came to the cow seals.
Remember the cow seals?
Yep, and here.
Right, and everything.
Here, you got here?
Oh, not much.
Not on the top of my head.
It's all gray, I know.
Still she seemed amazed by the voice Odyssey.
This is probably the most egregiously interesting, as compared to the students of
the head of Pinecrest, I hope it doesn't get any better than she said.
What who is through the mind of a 16-year-old?
Who knows?
It's face.
Hasan, who, oh my god.
Now, maybe this one doesn't have the story that I, because I saw the update on it.
Daddy comes to find out where's the one that set up the flight and they're arranged for
the hotel for him to stay.
And then of course the kid won't want to ring out in the street.
So when everybody started looking at him funny, I'll have better go home.
Like, who the hell are you and what are you doing here?
And when you like to live another day, stuff like that.
You know?
Yes.
We're supposed to care about this.
You know what reminds me of the ranzia that punched the illegal aliens that
get stuck in the wheel well of airplanes.
You know what I'm talking about?
Right, that one is the smuggler.
Right.
In the wheel well of airplanes.
Oh, we're supposed to be really whipped up about that.
You know, there's too many important things going on.
Like Howard Stern to be on that on Larry King for the hour.
Oh my, nice to hear it.
There you go.
For the hour.
Pouring some more publicity.
That's going how he.
So let me ask a new, do you think that traditional forestry or radio will be able to continue after,
I don't know somehow we all seem to be still on the air and collecting a big fat one every two weeks.
While everybody and their brothers trying to pedal a song and dance.
The last time I checked, they still got three million subscribers and an XM has got five million
and it ain't going up all that much.
See what I'm saying?
What do you say?
I mean, what's three million subscribers?
In fact, the other thing I read was that Oprah and Anthony are not used to not like not getting any calls.
Can anyone know why that is?
Because they're on XM and does anybody listen to?
No.
No.
Nobody's listening to Oprah and Anthony.
So I do like that.
Although it would be nice to have like a whole new, you know, a new horizon,
a new bunch of fruit cakes out there as opposed to the usual fruit cakes.
But nevertheless, we'll just have to make do if we ever decide we get like a
I love to see we need a station manager, a sales manager,
a operations manager, some salespeople.
What have I even out?
Oh, please.
All of these things.
What is it?
We'll work on it.
Yeah.
A sports lay, I ease the liaison guy.
See what they're doing is they're like eliminating positions.
And what I heard, and it could be just a rumor, but I heard that they eliminated
a dust favorite position.
You barely face the meal Roger.
Ratsom.
But it's the one to do our
I saw Jesus
Oh,
think of
all the
God
I saw him
Oh,
I pop up
So there is
He's
He's
I'm
I
I
I
Oh,
my
friends
Think of
the
and
let the red neck bar
Oh,
my
soul takes
a
brown
The stick
of
our
Lord
our
I saw him
in
my shaving
cream
So I left
in
all my face
When I went to work
I looked like a church
and I was fired
in the spring
Driving
whole
I was all alone
Thinking someone's way
and tricks on me
But in the rear view mirror
I could see
Jesus
staring
back at me
I saw Jesus
I'm
only
in
all my
love
I saw him
long
in my
pop up
So
there is
He's
He's
my
God
All my friends
Think of
the
and
the red neck bar
Lord
our
soul
thinks
the
and
the stick
of
our
Lord
our
He's
God
the soul
thinks
the
and
the stick
of
our
love
He's
so
him
on
the side
of the
top
the
wind
of the
top
of
my
car
I saw him
in
a
bowl
is
me
in
the
side
of the
sluggish
car
He's
God
the
and
the stick
of
our
love
He's
God
the
and
the stick
of
our
love
You're
fairly
I saw him
on
my
pop up
So
there is
He's
He's
the
and
the
all my friends
Think of
much
down
in the red neck
fall
on
the
top
of
the
and
and
oh my god
There
is a gear
He's all over the
place man
102 at
560 WNQM
He was
they just showed the
USA today
headline
Miracle
12 miners
saved yadda yadda
How do you like that
talk about
having
egg on your
wheel?
Wow
I still don't care about it
872 votes on the pool
and we've got a shot of the
thousands that's what we care
about
TheaRodges is very
entertaining
Do you believe us?
No
Well, somebody thinks so
343
Voice of Reason 195
Oh and I read in the weekly
reader that they had all
those violations
of the
cool miners you know
Yeah, it's a bulletin
Genius 109
like that
In fact, I got my
dentist right now
I'm picking
picking bacon bits out of my
teeth
A Fatal Fag 87
A Panic 48
He's a real panic
Stale 32
Most of those are Mo
God 24 audio like that
divisive 13
The Antichrist 8
Boring 7 and a bigot 6
See a little bit of bigot
in everybody
Like Timothy Dean
So we move that one up a little bit
See if we get to 900
Then it's 875
Once we get those other 25
We get down 100
It's downhill right
We roll right to that
Thousand man
What a good way
He'd be leaving with a good feeling
As I lay stoke out on the floor
With my head off to one side
Actually my pressure is down very
Nice thing
I'm ready to do another 3
4 hours
Told you that joint would help
Tomorrow
Oh, speak of that
Good segue for Doug Thompson
The Capital Hill Blue
The rant
Bush's drive and drinking
And drug use must be investigated
He says
This is kind of a long one
Usually it doesn't write the long stuff
Is it a little bit long
It's long
It's real long
Good
I think I got time to do it too
It's real long
He says it's my belief
That President Bush is drinking again
Even worse he made me mixing alcohol
And anti-depressants
A dangerous combination
For anyone
Let alone the so-called leader of the free world
No, I don't have any proof of this
Just random events
And comments from those who work
In and around the
Bush administration
And who tell me that Bush is acted
In ways that suggest the use of alcohol and drugs
I'm recovering alcohol
Sober 11 years six months and 24 days
And I've run across a lot of relab drinkers
Who show the same symptoms as the president
Including
Blacking out while watching television alone
Slurred speech and stammering responses
To simple questions
Anger and hostility in front of staff members
I'm explained bruises on his face
And trouble remembering recent events or comments
And what about that scratch on his forehead
It was a brush
During his trip to Mongolia last November
Where he was evidently seeking out
Other Mongolian idiots
Bush openly sampled local drink air ag
Which is fermented milk with an alcohol
Contemporaging from 3 to 12%
In other words, booze
This was the same trip where
Bush tried to evade reporter's question
By attempting to walk out a lock door
And then turned sheepersly to the cameras
And said he was jet lagged
Some of the events that his stride
Was on steady as speech was slurred
Uh oh
According to reports, President Bush
Maybe drinking again
David Letterman said in late night monologue
And I thought, well, why not?
He's got everybody else drinking
Rumors that Bush was hitting the bottle
Surface and washed in two years ago
Sources told us the president was using
Anti-depressions in 2004
We reported the story
The same sources told us last year
He was drinking again and we reported in August
National inquire also ran a front page
Story on it but no mainstream media
Let's pick up on the story
On August 27th of last year
The Houston Chronicle reported on a party
At Bush's ranch noting that
Nothing the president said could be quoted
But it's rare that reporters get
Uninterrupted access to him for 90 minutes
Especially when Beerus served
Bush who gave up drinking years ago
Drink a non-alcoholic buckler
An alcoholics anonymous
We were warned to stay away from
So-called non-alcoholic beers or
Near-beer as it's called
The brew does in fact contain some alcohol
Confrigerate renewed desire for mole
The November issue with the journal
Alcoholism, Clinical and Experimental
Research sites and study by a team of
California scientists report that
Just the smell of non-alcoholic beer
Maybe an up to trigger cravings
And a subsequent relapse among certain alcoholics
In my original articles about Bush's
Bounce with anger in the press
And I quoted Dr. Gerald Frank
A George Washington University
Psychiatrist author of the book
Bush on the couch inside the mind of the president
Two questions that the press seems
Especially determined to ignore
Have hung silently in the ear since
Before Bush took office Dr. Frank says
Is he still drinking
And if not as he impaired by all the years
He did spend drinking
Both questions need to be addressed
In any serious assessment of his psychological state
Dr. Frank's analysis of the president
Which is based on watching and reading
And not actual treatment of Bush
agrees with those who told me the president
Also taking antidepressants
In writing about Bush's
In the press conference
Just before the start of the Iraq war
Washington post-media critic Tom Schell
Speculated that the president may have
Ever been so slightly medicated
Dr. Frank explains Bush's behavior
Is all too typical of an alcoholic
Who is still in denial
The pattern of blame in denial
Which recovering alcoholics
Work so hard to break
Seems to be ingrained in the alcoholic
Personality
It's rarely limited to his or her drinking he has
The habit of placing blame in denying
Responsibility is so prevalent
In George Bush's personal history
That's apparently triggered by
Even the mildest threat
None of this of course proves that Bush is drinking again
Or taking antidepressants
The only evidence we have of Bush drinking
Is the sampling of a local alcohol-based drink in Mongolia
And it's conception of a so-called
Non-Affolic beard and party in Crawford, Texas
But
But my instincts tell me
He's doing both booze and drugs
And I believe as both a journalist
And recovering alcoholic
That he needs to prove to Americans
That he's not attempting to govern
While under the influence
Blogger Mark Kleiman
Writing in the reality-based community notes
More over with rare exceptions
The press seems very reluctant to mention
Heavy drinking by officials
Even when it's widely known
Ted Kennedy's drinking gets an occasional mention
But I bet that most of Pat Moynihan's constituents
Never knew their brilliant senator face
They permanent battle with the bottle
If Gary Hart's drinking problem has ever made the news papers
I've missed it
There was behavior in the dining rice
Affair made it pretty obvious
Those in the no one to student
That the frequent media references
To Bill Weld's lazyness
As Governor Massachusetts
Referred to his persistent difficulty
In keeping himself vertical after lunch
But again the voters didn't
Even formerly just get the same delicate treatment
Boris Yeltsin's the erratic behavior
Was in fact quite regular and predictable
Once vodka was entered into the equation
Kleiman is right about Moynihan's drinking
You can find the senator at Capitol Hill
Watering holes almost any night
Lunching in many different
Lunching in many different directions
At once while stirping down his drinks
A number of members of Congress
Are notorious drunks
But their annex are almost never reported by the press
Unless they get nailed for DUI
Or caught forolicking nude in the title basin
As a journalist it's my duty to raise questions about the fitness of any elected leader
One may argue over whether or not it's proper to print speculation
But in this case I believe it's justified
I'm doing my job
I just wish the so-called mainstream media would do there as he writes
How do you like that?
You go Doug
Huh?
All right
Good work
As always
One take a few calls
Do I want to?
No I want you to them
No I want you to take a few
You might get some good ones today
567
0560
You might get the guard over back for an encore
All right
Yeah
Or Ron
Now listen we're not going to make that thousand votes the way this thing is going man
What do we got? 8
Something
897
We get to about 925 by the bottom of the air off fuel
Like that take a deep breath
Relax
See here goes that pressure again
Lots of pressure
Don't you feel the pressure?
Yeah a little bit different
I'm feeling like a cutting a big one
So break since I'll go relieve it
Really
You have to be joking I hope
I just got a peanut
Oh maybe just just an onesay
See I mean yeah yeah in 11
Georgia's going to do in 11
That's a one in a two and a one in a two and a one in a two over and over again
Like a Lawrence Welk would say
567 all of that
WKYM hello
I resemble that last story there my friend
Yeah but WKYM hello
Hey Neil how you doing?
Pretty good paly
Hey um you know
That headmistress or whatever there a fine crest
She said that kid was the most interesting thing they
Yeah he's fascinated by it
Yeah I know but didn't Mary Carey go there too
The porn star the Randford governor and California
Beats the hell out of me
I think she graduated from fine crest
Yeah I think that's a whole lot more interesting the most of the boys there
I would agree with that
Yeah well I'm a good one guy
Okay you too see if he to he to run off to Orlando and go to that swingers hotel and people say
I'll ride Tessa Luebman
He got a badge nods a really badge nods you know
That's probably whether we're looking them
What probably white blended in
Well I will say this the Iraqi people how do I say delicately are not among the most um
That they are a how I'll try to put it delicately they were appearance challenged
Maybe it's just our perception you know no we're we're jaded by those your
No no no
That is not correct
I could have been supposed to like
For example the Palestinian people of whom I would say yeah
Oh yeah I haven't taken a consensus I guess
Oh man you got to be kidding me
And in addition to that the Palestinians like to Jews are circumspect
That's right well I assume the Iraqis are also
And even the women
The Iraqis are also circumspect
Well they're a-rad Muslim
Not when they're voting for all the Jews as Shmata Hids man all those rag-hids Shi'is
See this is another thing that the mainstream media doesn't want to tell you too much about they tell you while the Sunnis are pissed off and are demonstrate
Well that's only a part of the civil war that's going on there
Plus of course the Kurds are all are racing toward those or gas oil pipelines
Then that's only a part of it part of the chaos
But to fact that the most of the winners were the Shi'i clerics who are just like the Iatola
That's not exactly what anybody had in mind when they started making up stories
Well there's the Virginia governor who says but I mean but I'm hoping I didn't make it
Is it possible that we have one or two or three more
But does anyone really know and we're talking the opposite question is other than there are families and relatives is anybody really care
Do you care? Do you really care about that story? Oh what story
How about you Josh you all what about that coal mining story definitely not
Damn it
See this is your insensitive show man. We just don't care. We're supposed to care because the media tells us
Oh you've got to be worried about this. I'm not I care about spigate in April month
And all those people dying in Iraq including Americans who ought to be alive and ought to be a family that look blowing up right
That's a great. Those are good family values. How about that innocent family where it's like now
It's maybe 14 innocent members got killed because it was the wrong house oops. They weren't innocent
That's one of our favorite words oops that purge on the march
113 man you sweet till his jack april see they're not going to be able to
Cover up with all these other side stories forever
I mean there's always something going on
But you'll see the day of reckoning is coming baby the day of reckoning becoming
And Tom delay and Bob nay and
Woody haze and all these other people
What do you say say he will he maize you'll see the crap's gonna hit the fan
If the crap hit the fan in your house and is all over the floor call our good friends
You drive concepts because they are simply the best carpet cleaning company in the world
And they want to make your life a lot easier
During this month during January
Drive concepts encourages everybody to take advantage of their outstanding maintenance contract
Now drive concepts maintenance contractor of his use savings and real piece of mind
Enjoy the benefits of their plant carpet drive thinning service
Not only will you save 50% off their regular prices
But you'll also enjoy the added benefit of knowing that drive concepts will be there when you need them
Drive concepts is dedicated to the clean carpet approach rather than the
Common clean dirty carpet approach. Don't be fooled by those
1995 specials that leave your carpet soak for days without treating the real problems
You've made a big investment those carpets of poultry and grapeberry so that drive concepts protect your investment
Drive concepts for professional staff fully certified their service and standard is unmatched
That's why I used them in my homes for over 20 long years now
So take the worry about having your home to sanitize out all year long with drive concepts maintenance program
Call them today and they'd rather than the Palm beaches. It's a tool for you call believe you mean
Nobody does a better job and they'll give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing their
Spectacular job call drive concepts in 1 800 248 5071. That's 1 800 248 5071
Run the web it's drive concepts.com and be sure and tell them when you call the choice track we're told you to call
This is meal Rogers
This is 5 16 Q
And done as dirt coming up tonight uninside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
In the superficial world of a music business where only attractive people make it big day where we're fresh and we repulsive
They were blues traveler
Hey, this is a top business. John poppa was a fat guy. No getting around it. Blues travelers manager sloppy gold
If you're Britney Spears, they make funny you because you're breasts of fake. I told popper
Hey, at least you're breasts are real. Be proud of your man boobs. But there was more to blues traveler than just John popper's weight problem
For example, he was an accomplished romantic player
Yeah, and only a fat bastard like him could work up a sweat playing the damn mouth organ still
Inside the behind is about the artist not just the superficial aspects of their outward appearance
What I can't make fun of fat people now. I know it just seems like a pretty easy target
Oh, excuse me. It's a high in mighty. I suppose we should stop insulting gay people now too, huh? An Asians?
Don't tell me I got to lay off Asians. I mean the accent alone is a guaranteed laugh
Well, this wasn't supposed to turn into a debate about your type won't be happy until everybody thinks we're all human beings and who we sleep with
The color of our skin or where we go to church doesn't even matter. That's pretty good to me. You're sick. You hear me sick
lose traveler
Pretty heavy stuff. It's a big juicy something what look at show business tonight
Uninside the behind what 18 at 560 WQM the mole myster coming along at two o'clock to dazzle you with his
Analyzation of the football all the stuff
Including my snitch ornable game. I heard it ended one 15 in the morning. That's popular rumor triple overtime
state pen and
Stay on the play oh fs you I forgot about them Bobby Bowden
Even George knows that who old Bobby Bowden man
He's got some issues him and all these other
Empire abilities oh the tragedy it's say go mine. It just goes on and on and thank god there's nothing else going on in the world
Okay, have no fear everything good although I will say this suicide bomber kill 32 little more. That story we started with
A suicide bomber kill 32 mourners and wounded dozens at a funeral for the nephew of a Shiite politician
Wanted several attacks today across the rack and kill the total of 53 people
Now how many people died in that accident the cool mine 12
12 right
Well 53 people died in Iraq. Yeah, but they shouldn't have attacked us on 911
That's true
And they shouldn't have been making all end weapons. That's right
The sudden surge in the violence followed and they shouldn't have been making them long distance phone calls to al-Qaeda
The sudden surge in violence followed three weeks of relative com after Max landmark parliamentary elections on December 15
And came as its three major political parties near to Deion forming a coalition government that a Shiite politician
Said what it would Shiite Sunni Arabs incurs
The Kurds in ways
In the worst attack of the day more than 100 mourners were walking alongside the coffin of 14 year old boy in the cemetery
In the northern town of mouk dadi and mouk dadiya that's right mouk dadiya when the funeral procession was joined by a stranger carrying hidden explosives
Suddenly there was a strong sound and we were turned upside down
So Amir Kaizim 37 I saw many legs and hands flying all over the place
The cemetery's concrete tombs were stained with blood and body parts were strewn on the bare earth
At least 32 people were killed in 42 wounded said dr. Furious al-Nida of the hospital in mouk dadiya and died whatever
That is 60 miles north of Baghdad it's said and so on
Good place to send your kid by the way for on a lark. Don't you think?
Sure, see they're all worried about that kid. They had to be worried about the father
There is the one they got to be taken a long look at what kind of a nut job
Sends his kid over and puts him in a harm's way like that. Maybe just try to get rid of them
I could be
Maybe just don't like what kind of a nut job puts it on the news day after day after day like was supposed to care
The american media I see oh
5 6 7 0 5 60 we got 9 17 old bean which means we got 83 votes to get to that the thousand in 49 minutes
Should be able to do it, but if we don't I'm gonna be really proked up
My blood pressure is gonna go skyrocketing again. That's to be my last show for a long time
Put your words back on put your words. We're sick of that
right
By the way if you're not sick of that
We'll be on it too the moment
922 votes the arises is very entertained 355 avoid some reason 206 a genius 114 you should only live so long a
Fat old fag 98 now we're getting to the meat of the matter a panic 49 still 35
Stay or last like last year's much a bribe
God 31 divisive 13 the anti christ 8 boring seven and a bigot
So lamentace only six so do you do it on say or what?
I did a do say and you do a do say no I do she
70 Q a m hello
70 Q a m hello
I
Yeah, you had got a multi-line phone before oh has you really well?
I'll start hopping around
Wow
I'm gonna go yes sir
How are you?
I just got a couple quick things
If that guy if that guy's kid when I got killed he probably wouldn't blame the government yeah
Yeah, I blame somebody else beside himself he can be damn sure that exactly and
Another thing is the energy guy I don't want him to go out of his mind as dying but
They interviewed one of the friends who was in the
The the chapel there at the church and he sent
You know one one minute we were praising God and the next minute we were cousin him
Is that in gravel yeah when they got the bad way news?
I mean the other thing is they're the senator calls that Alex develop fortilla here in Miami
Who sent out Christmas cards
With when appears to be to send capital on it on the front of it on the inside
When you look at it closely read underneath it it's the capital of Cuba. Have you been I can you believe that?
I'll be damn
He's a little baby in the hostel away go
Are we for their five six seven oh five sixty
Like I said the things that people get all whipped up into a frenzy about just like that one woman a call last week
God I was speaking here. I don't think speak English you know start with that crap again the bilingual bitches
You know they're back on a rampage again
Yeah, what and we've asked that question many many times. What is it about women? Oh?
You're gonna get me started are you no seriously?
But what is it that makes them so bigoted? It's just uh, I mean we're all bigoted by I mean just like an obsession
They're all bitter about a whole bunch of things so they're seeing that bilingual thing yeah
Wtq.y.m. Hello
line one
Glish q.a.m. Hello
Q.a.m. Hey
Wtq.y.m. Hello
Q.a.m
And we're just gonna wish this guy a real happy new year too Wtq.y.m. Hello
Neil buddy
Wtq.y.m. Hello
Hello Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing buddy?
I'm Kelly. Let me ask your question since when when was the first time that you knew that you were actually gay
About five minutes ago right before you called
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and the Verizon singular wireless line mighty cone. We'll got our own area. Make you happy. Okay. I'll ride
Yeah, I'm obsessed gay probably seen at the beer back mountain movie about 50 times. Oh, yeah
Wtq.y.m. Hello, I am the oil stoppering man. This show sucks
Okay Wtq.y.m. Hello, hello Neil. Yes, I changed my mind put George back on and you blow. Okay, thanks
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 see at least he's all over the place he's consistent Wtq.y.m. Hello
Hello Neil. Yes, welcome back. I appreciate that George did a good job. Listen I have to
Disguise my voice for protection but I work for a very big company and they treat us like crap
And I went online to check online
And like inside a trading and guess who's one of the Simon partners
O'Donnell they Trump's felt themselves and he treats us like crap and I just you know, it's not that interesting
But I just you know it answers a lot of questions. Why do you treat us like that?
70 Q.Y.M. Hello. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Okay. Listen, I just want to let you know man
What I have a bone to pick with this uh, where these people on channel seven and all these other new shows
What's the deal with this kid this rich kid going to a rack
Coming back like we give a damn. I mean what's the deal with that? Now what I just said who cares who cares man
We wasting our time with some dude who's got money in the bank and no one gives a crap
Because it has nothing to do with your federal government being a bunch of Nazis and all these innocent people dying
That's why also listen. I'm one of those people that started listening to you
Right, you know when stirring went over to your channel there right and I'm one of those people that stayed with you
Well, thank god keep up the good work now. Thanks, pali
See that guy's not going to serious. He might listen to Howard on serious, but then after that
He's right over here, baby. We twin 10 and two men and probably be gone right away
It's gonna be very too soon to watch that all play out. What do you mean? You know the serious thing and if they make their money back and all these things
Oh, I know they're pushing it so hard. I don't care
It's a yeah, I feel the same way about that as I do about the Sego mind tragedy with all their respect
It's a whole world
Yeah, it's a different ball game. There's a lot of similarity that the media is inundating us with this stuff to him
He's everywhere how the media is in all the editing because of the fact that they figure that he's gonna
You know attract a young male audience
Which is what they're all desperate for and therefore and him being the biggest media how in the king of all publicity
It works out just fine. That's why he's going on Larry king for that young male audience
Which is which is most of me well that king hoping to get to us be people under 100
Which is most amusing because it's against me and I'm positive that I'm correct is that king is always always been trash
And oh a shock radio and all this stuff in a language
You know, he's always been so negative about that, but it just goes to shudder and this business were all a bunch of hoors
That's all we're all about your hoors
And so he's hooring all immediate time and they're hooring his hair and big nose and everybody's really happy
And quite frankly on the show we don't give a flying crap just give us the check
This is Neil Rogers
This is 560
Hey boy, how are you?
With this week's installment of
Now see here
I'll see here pants are essential to a man's entire now
I got all kinds of things of my pants in a Martians and
Dingo berries and who knows what I'll find it in that you know many things have been said about my pants
I may not be wearing any now, but that's only cause in a flurry of excitement. I sold them
Big boy for pants red moids a James cocoa
Ta man and another thing
Who did more for hygiene summer's eve or mr. Whipple and I think you know the answer to that one
And while I'm on the subject of sports
Who did more for the golfing's offense slow-mo rose into all one Mr. Kittle
Then let me give you something else to put in your pink pipe to smoke who did more for glad missed bathroom spray
Who hey back at the one Rodriguez?
Buy him then he
Damn
You know where you can insert this under the fix here if Joyce will only die
Well, there you go
You can't go nowhere. I'm not how about if we just insert
132 a QAM speaking of him he'll be along at two o'clock ready or not
944 for what we need 56 and 20 minutes. It's two a minute nice math
I'll take it pretty easy. We ought to be able to do it to a two to two two two in a minute
Two to in a minute. I can do it. I'll say one thing while you were out Josh Cortis did a douce in about two and a half minutes
Yeah, you're less picking up for a right out of my song book. Yeah
First thing you need to warning that what you better be ready because then he was back before the break in problem is
You know, I just never know you know sometimes it's short and something I don't want to go into a whole little song in
Let's not get to excretory. Okay
947 we need 53 more votes to get to a thousand and then we can then we can like put everything aside and say
Now we've done a good job, right?
When you think yeah, I think something plus we want to take a whole bunch of calls this last half hour because there
This has been really something special today five six seven oh five sixty. It's been real
Yeah, that and pound five sixty on the Verizon singular modest line. That's because it's not one of those building polls
You know, we added one or two adjectives or whatever
But that's about it and so these people are really and especially after having been there for three days and looked around and said oh geez
It's really scary being there, you know, it's really very scary. I know
Many Q a.m. Hello
I'm calling for Neil God. Yeah, I get my mother in my car. So I can do it on the computer
The news is not how we're going to serious the news is how bad day we rock funds
Oh, that's right this week. Yeah. Well, yeah, I was surprised that is huh? Yeah, well, that's it
You know, I mean proving once again that
That's turned maybe distance, you know people may disrespect it, but the fact is it's hard to do what he does
And the fact is that the reason just isn't that much talent available anymore because for years now they've been you know
They've been discouraging any any talent in his business and there isn't any what's the available talent pool out there
Yeah, you're right
I'm just reading right now that Sean Hannity I just read a minute ago during the break Sean Hannity just signed up his
500th affiliate for syndicated radio show
Now where Sean Hannity is found 500 stations in this freaking country. What does that tell you? Oh?
They're good worse worse than that
Bill Bennett
Bill Bennett's got a lot of affiliates now signing and then what's that?
I mean, he's it's it's tough to do this and be entertaining
And so that's why you're a new god
Okay, thanks, but have a nice day. Of course who else besides Bill Bennett would say you could have born every black baby in this country in your
Crime rate would go down. Yes, he that's his punishment man
Just like Carlo remember his punishment was no more in the family business
That's right and now Bill Bennett is punishment is he's on eight million radio stations
Okay, that's that's a good punishment. I would say for the audience
Wow
You think your show's gonna last long don't bet on it
He's five six seven oh five six he's in all the hypocrisy. I'm so tired of it man
I'm so tired of people with bull crap just wait till this jack Abramoff thing really comes down
Would start spinning around man
At all the names that are gonna come out Republicans Democrats wigs. I mean do you name it? I was speaking away
Don't don't don't have any Q a.m. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going all right all right? You're back in town
No, oh, I was back in town for three days. That was long enough for me. Oh, okay
No, I was gonna say because it in the old man threatened you that he was gonna kick your butt and that was put
Yeah, that's why I wouldn't come to that station. I'm terrified man. I'm afraid of a punch in the nose. Oh, yeah
Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, but yeah, uh happy new year and that's all I'm saying. I just wanted for you to be careful
Doesn't case we're back in town. Okay, thanks, pal. Yeah, I'll be careful watch out for the old
He's got a punch me in the nose. He's he's punching the world in the nose. He's punching the universe in the nose from Mercury to Uranus
5 6 7 0 5 60 it's uh, you know, and in fact who was saying this morning who couldn't have been clearance could it?
No, I don't want to get him in hot water
There was somebody saying to me this morning about being in that place is just uh in sanity
And nobody knows any of and the audience
I probably and maybe you don't care, but that's we do care a little bit
We don't have any idea who the general mangrove is or is gonna be or who's staying and who's leaving and who's on first and what
And what else going on? I mean, it's really it's a really tell you something when I get a piece of copy for one of our best clients
This is oh, I'm be sure and don't miss this sale it ended yesterday
How do you like that? Yeah, I got to that and I just thought to myself. What's the use? You know
I think that was about the time I pressure was 600 over 500
Gordish-Telfin
Wow
And no excuses because you saw that tub of garbage in a building right you saw him lying around this morning before the show
Yeah, and what about it?
I was in the doorway and I don't know if he didn't get make it all the time
I was talking but I got the feeling that he was gonna come in here and say something to you or something. Oh, yeah
And I told him uh, don't do it just
Right just waddle away in his case
WQ a n hello
WQ a n hello
5 6 7 0 5 6 the you know the rest
WQ a n hello. Oh, yeah, you were talking about the hippocryst earlier and
a couple of months ago
If you and I snuck in something I said Kevin you're whizzling at the end of the conversation. Why?
I said Kevin you whizzling. Yeah, and my friend Kevin who supposedly never listens to AM radio. Yeah, help me back
I said hey, I heard you say that on the air. Well, I'll be damned Kevin. You are a quizzling. Okay nice job, paly
And you know what else? Yeah, you know what else?
Thank you fairy
That's a good test, you know
About somebody that you'll find out oh they claim they don't let's say we'd listen to that bag on a radio
He's stay early is boring. Yeah
How do you got to his blood out there name and of course? So once a quizzling always a quizzling. What was his name again Kevin?
Kevin you're a quizzling and Frank you fair right. Oh, speaking of that speaking of you fairy
Doug Thompson also writes ain't this America
An anti-gay group that spews Hayden homophobic propaganda is taken protest to a new low
staging photo op demonstrations of funerals for soldiers killed in a rack
Waving signs with slogans like thank God for dead soldiers and God hates fags
The group from Westboro Baptist Church in Topeka, Kansas is apparently
As appeared at funerals for slain soldiers in Missouri and Illinois recently spotting their homophobic
Bial and disrupting what should be a solemn moment for grieving families
Led by the lunatic Reverend Fred Phelps say hate spotting firebrand
The group is protested funerals are homo sucks those for the past 15 years
But have expanded their activities in recent months to these services of fallen soldiers
Appearing at some 70 ceremonies in recent months even though there's no indication of soldiers being buried our gay
Our view of the situation is that God Almighty blew these kids to smithereens and sent them to hell
Fend the 76 year old Phelps says that God is punishing a fag army. Don't ask don't tell
For a fag loving agenda of a fag loving nation
What do you think he's trying to say he's gay the protest is sparked proposals of legislation to limit such protest
And a backlash from some who confuse the actions of the anti-way group anti-war group with those who protest
The Iraq war a lot of typos in dark Thompson's that they need a proofreader on this website
Missouri Senate and maturity leader Charles Shields of St. Joseph has proposed legislation
They would ban protesting in front of or in front of or near any church cemetery or funeral establishments
In Illinois lieutenant governor Pat Quinn is proposed prohibiting such ticketing from within 300 feet a half-arby
Before to a half-hour after any funeral
The last moments of family has with their son these ought to be opportunities that aren't
Interfeared with that aren't harassed that aren't destroyed and disrupted by a group that's seeking to do exactly that to be cruel
Says Quinn who attends funerals for Illinois soldiers
In November just the Alchazir of Elmer, Illinois buried his son Christopher Alchazir a 21-year-old army infantryman
While a half a dozen of Phelps protesters chanted across the street and waved their son assigned only
Wasn't that enough that I got harassed after I got off of you out of Vietnam Alchazir said but after 37 years of trying to get rid of this wound
They're doing this to my son. I don't like that much of our vision
And don't forget baby. We got that video on sale forget about that vest and the opening we're gonna raise millions
Goyim gone wild starts February 1
This is new
This is
The most
The broke back mountain soundtrack is rain man
The songs you learn from the movie you're afraid to admit you know
Strap on your leather chaps and yell riding cowboy the broke back mountain soundtrack
The
They
On 45 years ago it was a song I think was Buck Owens one of them country songs called Hillbilly heaven
Yeah, I dreamed I died and went to Hillbilly heaven. Well, I'm thinking that's what the US is nine it the USA
It's Hillbilly heaven a tale billy hail if he has it well
It's one of them things and you're got to play a joint up there in North Carolina say like I've got to explain
There ain't no one around see I don't go there for people but for the absence of them
There's no way on anywhere like a drive the town and they're all bunch of hat tippen gentlemen
That's what you can't complain about the people you're cuz ain't no that's right. That's good. I like that
974 votes are we gonna make it or what?
Like what like bacon?
Where's sneeze oh?
You say no no didn't happen. Don't you hate that I do?
Sneeze a center up just a lot of be oh god. I hate that 976. We need 24 and 14 minutes. That's less than two a minute
We better get to that thousander. I'm not coming back tomorrow. We'll put George back on
In hurricane all right and they chick-fil-a church is chicken
Peaceful whatever the hell I was
40 to three and four coaches get fired in
Put out of you people kidding over there, huh? You think they're pulling somebody down a shaleili and that whole bunch
What else you guys name the all time the 10 the foot is that the guy was in their different
Who's the athletic director over there now Josh at at UM? Yeah Paul B. Oh Paul D. That's right
Paul D is opposed to like Lee Roy P
5 6 7 0 5 60 every see Lee Roy P
I did
Tom 5 60 the Verizon singular wireless line w. Q. A. M. Hello
four second
W Q. A. M. Hello, it's uncaring a matter of what George says it always comes out
Good
All right gargling junior let's see that I respect that's a hell of a lot better than that same boring guy
Because at least you know it's somebody different
Was that a gargler was that like a girl? No, that was a a warbler
And I think we ought to have like a new promotional campaign will the old man forget about that CD
Will the old man make it to his 30th anniversary on March 1st? Well listen for neo-rodgers to die on the air
Wouldn't that be great? Right any minute? You see the billboards right now and we're like a tombstone on it
Yeah
W. Q. A. M. Hello
W. Q. A. M. Hello
Oh, yeah, yes sir
I'm well. It's nothing to kneel
Yeah, he said that all those miners died
All except one he said 12 of them. Yes. Oh, you know the Miami Harrel said this morning that one died in the red and 12 survived
Yeah, so did all the other newspapers and if you were listening to the show you'd realize that's because they went to bed before the story of the truth came out
Now they're saying that the company knew nothing I want to give that story because I don't care about it
But you can't help you can't get away from it
20 minutes after the initial
False reports they said that the the company knew about it, but they didn't bother telling anybody about it for three hours
You think they were worried about how to cover their arse
It seems to me the whole during the whole time that was their number one priority was worried about covering their arse
Not that I really care, but there's like the when even the comedy channels got an on what are you gonna do?
No, right
When showtime and the HBO and other food channel and the a and e and the a and couldn't get away from it
They MTV didn't have it on
Still can't get away from it. Oh, yeah, those they're singing in West Virginia cool minds songs
Dominic you I am hello
Neil got it. Yes, sir
Neil I would I would love to be applying the wall right when you do the crossover to
To mo how a david especially when you play those very cross over
I don't know about so I do a crossover with Hank. I do not do a crossover with mo how a david did it
Well, I know but it's as usually when you finish up about one fifty nine you've been playing these mobs
And I would just love to be in the studio to watch mo's heads spinner out. Yeah, I'd like to see that myself
Thanks a lot palmy love your show. Maybe we can do a mo
What are little modals for the marlin games this season you want to think that maybe we're kind of dry okay
Yeah, with the revenue that we raise some selling them little modals we can build a new stadium
Don't you think a lot of modals
Get a lot of dough from those mo
Dolls molding you think
Don't forget speaking a mo who's everybody's favorite topic conversation. You'll be along in two o'clock
It's not just me everybody's obsessed you hear about mo mo it is my everybody is including that pizza thing
See, I'm I got that about eighth eighth hand that pizza story. I got it firsthand
Did you really right from the horses right from the horses ass over there power 96
And not that he ain't no pizza burger or nothing like that
But it was kind of most amusing to all of us. Yes, it was w.w.m. Hello
Yeah, you were talking about people dying on the air. Yes. I mean we're watching I'm in dying the air
We're watching the car dying the air
Right, why the hell should I be any different? That's right you're not gonna be the first
You've got the two grandpas that were dying on the air last night. Good. They could have good a bit in time
Yeah, you're not gonna be the first hopefully we can see the old man after you bad on the air before before you
That's all right. That's why I'm that's why I'm breathing that taking one breath at a time. I just took my pressure one day. It was okay
Thank me we can have a segment every day like about 11 30 niels blood pressure
Yeah, yeah, and we can give a sponsor for now you're talking now you're talking sponsored by proveno park
Right sponsored by dry concepts
For $50,000 a day. Let's get niels blood pressure on here
Seriously that don't if I ever say to you anything about that sales department just tell me shut up all right
I'm serious
If I if I let those people get to me they they're just they're just killers and it doesn't make any oh and guess who inherited
Brandies bread
Okay
Girl bread. What was the other one he inherited a road coast see these losers come in there and right away
Oh, well, what do you have in this one? How come deaf doesn't get a few good accounts?
Apasha counts at all. I asked to do a sit back and take the commission, huh?
I don't know these guys like Troy Stratford just sit back and suck up the commission. I bet you're deaf good well
Just 70 Q.A.M. Hello
Yeah, still now see
I wonder still pizza. I'll hear pizza
There's a
W. Who I am hello
I need a lot of girls about the timing at that day with that girl Michigan state and you got drunk. Yeah, no thanks
W.A.M. Subanxi tell us about it. Even though he already heard it. It's cute. Hello. Q.A.M. Yes
Yeah, I've been here and back to you. Felicia. Hey, baby. Thank you
They'll um, I don't mind it was the official holiday for New Year's and you're sure you were sick, but right
um
I think you didn't come in because you didn't want to face the fact that the Miami dolphins beat your New England Patriots
That was a real tough game. Yeah, that's why it's the big day. I often speak my team. Yeah, the dolphins
Beat a forfeit that the Patriots shouldn't have risked any more injuries. They just said okay. We'll forfeit the game
Didn't want to come in because the dolphins beat my Patriots. How did often playoffs? Oh, I hope it's coming up, huh?
How they prepare for them playoffs
You're gonna play at the ass, huh? The training hard is what I heard. Yeah, they're training it
If ever there was a strong game man, I don't want to like questions. They'll be able to check integrity
But who would you rather play Jacksonville or Pittsburgh Josh? Who would you rather play in the first round?
Characters, though, they man even Joshua hates the Patriots like poison. Are you sick or something that you don't sound good? No, he was just a stretch and right
Straighten there. Sorry about that. You're stretching it. Yeah. Oh god. I don't want to hear about it
No, sir, even Joshua despises the Patriots realizes that the I don't even advise the page
They didn't even do a good job of going through the motions in that game
I just don't want them to win the same thing. I guarantee you that that kid at eight string quarterback that ten-year-old quarterback when they were going for the two-quarter to send the game at an overtime
Don't check told him if you complete this pass
Don't expect to walk off this field alive sweetheart. They said okay
Something like that. But then again, keep in mind they wanted to win that game real bad
This is new Roger
This is five sixteen Q A four
Hey, all of the playoff this
Oh
Oh
Oh
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
hoje will go, Anders.
What happen when the door dolemotent sounds?
zeggen du labeling es wie ill einige .
Bye bye bye bye.
no sensing is cute, mishappling Silence!
I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I
'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I won't die, I won't die I'll say, I won't die, I won't die I won't die, I won't die, I won't die! I won't die, I won't die! I won't die, I won't die, I don't die! I'm going to die I'm going to die. I'm going to die, I'm going to die. I'm going to die, I am going to die! I'm going to die. You're going to die. I'm going to die! I'm going to die now. I am going to die, I'm going to die! I'm going to die.
You know that old saying go cut your chickens until they, uh, whatever, totally an egg.
It's 9.96.
We need four votes in a minute on it, pulling it to 1,000.
You think we have to hold it over?
We have to run over a little bit.
9.96.
I mean, that's a week is what that is.
Week.
Neo-Rodgim is very entertaining.
3.82.
A voice of region 2.22.
A genius 120.
Ride.
A fatal 5.107.
A panic 52.
God 41.
Stale.
Stale.
Moe 37.
Device of 13.
The Antichrist aid.
Boring 8.
In a bigot 6.
9.96.
Are you refreshing it?
And is it still mild?
It is still mild.
It's refreshing and it is mild.
That would be really bad to go out of here on a 9.90.
7.
Both are pouring it by the ones.
9.97.
Are you refreshing it?
As often as it will.
Oh my God.
9.97.
What do you got?
9.97.
Oh geez.
9.98.
9.98.
We're going to run over a few seconds, too.
That's a way to go.
Sorry, Moe.
We're going to run over maybe five seconds.
That's OK.
A thousand.
How do you like that?
Bye, bye, bye.
