So what do you say, show or no show?
Huh?
How about if we flip the coin?
Show or no show?
There it is 10-01 at 560 WDQM
and what a job George did this summer!
That's your little George, okay?
You sweet.
Oh yeah, that's true.
Like sugar.
But you know what they say?
You Rogers!
Goooood!
George Rodriguez!
No good!
That's what they say of the course come to find out.
I think you still were number one in the summer book,
which is mostly you.
And the rest of the station was in the crapper, baby.
We got walloped in the morning by those idiots across the street.
We got walloped.
I threw the numbers away, I don't want to look at them anymore.
We're number 18 in the morning and an afternoon drive.
And number one in midday.
How do you like that?
Wow.
What do you think the reason is for that?
Just luck.
The fact that we don't talk sports enough,
maybe that's what it is.
Oh, can't be that.
That news, we got a celebrity death.
Oh, and another one of those old trolls you're always talking about.
Yep.
Tastes an old troll that no one.
Jane Wyatt is dead.
See how it was thought she died 100 years ago.
By the way, you already talked about Bob Lasseter passing away.
So, yes, there's not much point in my repeating it.
Actress Jane Wyatt, the prototypical housewife and mother in the television series,
father and those best of his died.
She was only 96.
Oh, a hurtable child.
White died Friday of natural causes and her sleep.
Oh, she was 96.
What did she die of?
Old age, okay?
Jesus, God.
A died of natural causes and her sleep at her house in Bellar, California,
her goddaughter and publicist Meg McDonald said,
for goddaughter.
I didn't know the research to think it's a goddaughter,
but I guess if there's a good father,
it would be a good son of a goddaughter and a godmother.
So enough.
Yeah.
I'm gonna tell you something.
Deal, God!
Mother.
Before taking your role in the TV series,
Wyatt had already established yourself as a television pioneer,
serving as host of the Bell Telephone Hour,
even I don't remember that.
Maybe chicken neck design should know.
Probably.
It's probably got it on tape.
Oh, and by the way, we've ever seen chicken neck and Bobby Rydell together.
Same person.
Who?
Bobby has a comb over.
I don't think I've ever seen Bobby Rydell.
Well, recently, he's doing an infomercial for the time life.
What do they call it?
The mall shop.
There's something shop.
Not the mall shop.
Anyway, whatever the hell it is.
No one has time life series.
You have in bottom yet?
No.
But it was her co-starring role with Robert Young,
and father knows best that kind of folded her to start him and let her
become the first consecutive winner of the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences Emmy Award.
How do you like that little piece of trivia?
Uh-huh.
When you go on a Mike Spindell show to do some trivia?
Oh, yeah.
In the late 60s, she appeared in an episode of Star Trek as Spock's Mother,
a role she reprieved in 86 in the Voyage Homo Star Trek movie.
How do you like that as Spock's Mother?
I don't know.
She had the ears for it.
Doesn't Spock's Mother the Humanity?
I see.
She acted in great expectations in 1934,
lost to Ryzen 37,
non-bath-lowly-heart in 1944,
gentlemen's agreement in 47 task force in the Voyage Homo 86.
And it goes on.
And nobody cares about Jane,
she's 96, she was,
and she's dead now.
Who?
What about Robert Young, when he went out of the heatcroak?
He's been dead a long time ago.
Should be.
Here's George's pull from Friday.
What a job George did.
Let's put him on again right now.
Show him no shot.
What do you mean by that?
It's your turn, baby.
No way.
Wife is enough.
I'm stepping aside.
Yeah.
And by the way,
you get to hear the show for free today and tomorrow.
And then what?
We'll start charging.
We're streaming on the internet for free today and tomorrow.
And Wednesday and Thursday and Friday too.
I do like that.
Oh, right.
Yeah.
How about those things?
The next statement error is rapidly drawing to a close.
I'm actually giving faceless in the locker room.
Try to tear up the complexion of the team.
Want to get a little zip problem there, in order to say it?
Got a bunch of zip heads.
Boy, they really suck.
For just a second there,
the last couple of months of the game, they gave that little,
and I noticed there was an awful lot of people in the crowd disguised as orange seats.
Yeah, I saw that too.
Wow.
A sea of orange, not just in the upper deck, which is, you know,
to be figured the nosebleed seats, but I saw a lot of orange.
I draw the nosebleed seats.
I thought the paper game, I didn't have to watch too much of that,
because they beat little girls team that bills.
And how about those hurry, Kate?
Of course they had.
Of course, now let's see.
Did you talk about that at all?
Because you're a non-sports person.
That's what Voguehamber says.
You're the anti-sports guy.
Are you talking to me?
Yeah.
Did I talk about what?
The dolphin flu?
Then embarrassing, no.
Then embarrassing Brawl with the last weekend with the UMNFIU.
No, we played a comedy bit about it.
Well, come on.
What that was funny about that?
That was a disgrace.
Hey, Donna Shalely, you're a disgrace, honey.
You can't spell scum without UM.
Man, that was a piece of crap is what that was.
But anyway, they're just squeezed by Duke, and of course Duke is 0 and 7.
They then they're lost that game.
Well, we had 18 starters suspended.
They had 18 players suspended.
How do you have 18 starters?
Well, it could be not an offense.
And I have pretty offensive, if you ask me.
Here's George's pool, 16, I written 35 votes.
What's story did you never believe?
Oh, there's all kinds of stories after industry.
It looked a lot out too, but those are the big ones.
The one about OJ being innocent, 630, you'll be pleased to know since I'm not going to pander to these people
that only care about celebrities like Madonna.
You'll be pleased to know I have the new inquirer in my hand right now.
Oh, good.
And guess what the top story is, and here besides Brad is called with a hooker,
OJ confesses in a tell-all book and gets $3.5 million in the name of his accomplice.
Well, the book is called If I Did It.
Yeah.
If, and that's subtle.
Yeah, If I Did It.
Anyway, nobody believes you're innocent.
638, 39% of the audience said they didn't never believe that.
The one about the WMD is 309.
The one about Bush being a Christian 200.
The one about Husha Kennedy, 139, and that magic bullet that Arlen's Spectre is always a reigning about.
The one about God, 86, the God Bolshemit.
The one about the Easter Bunny, 66, what about the Tooth Fairy?
Oh, damn it.
I forgot.
The one about the plane hitting the Pentagon, 64.
The one about Jesus, 46, the one about Flight 93, 34.
The one about Jessica Lins, 29, and the one about Sandy Claus, 24.
See, that's in last place because there's a little kid you're gullible.
And your parents lie to you like crazy.
And they give you all the God Bolshemit and the Jesus Bolshemit and the Santa Claus Bolshemit,
and by the time you're old enough to try to figure out what the hell is going on,
your brain is overloaded with Bolshemit.
Man.
Oh, man, I can smell the poison.
Where is the Georgia's pool?
The thing that amazes me, and I don't want to, you know, what's the point?
There's a nice bonus coming in, I respect it.
I was sitting there plunging my lungs at Woodbun on Saturday morning
and all of a sudden I get a message on my blackberry.
And it's from Clarence, and he's got the numbers for me there.
We're trying to forget all about it.
You know, the number of people.
Me too.
They came in like what was Friday morning or something.
Hey, you got the book today.
I'm expectedly.
And that's because he never comes in and says, oh, by the way, we got the numbers coming in on Friday or whatever, you know.
It's because he sucks.
By the way, nice job, Clarence, with that sports thing.
And also to Joe Bell, man, I'll tell you, you guys would have waited any longer.
We could have owed, had a minus in part of the numbers during those sports segments.
Oh, seriously?
And the guys across the street thanks to that Phantom August, man.
They spanked our ass in the morning, big time.
No, they excuse me in that we were making the big transition during last month, weren't we?
That's right.
When did the Akine and Bo Show and Mad Dog go to two in a humber back in the afternoon in the power hour and the big shower when it started?
Was it the beginning of September?
No, I think it was the end of August.
August 28, I believe.
That's what I'm trying.
So that's the initial openness.
Oh, yeah, it did show up at only a month of it.
Whatever that means.
That means that the experience is the monthlies will be coming in like he can't extrapolate that himself.
This is a program director.
This is a simpleton man.
This is an idiot.
He can't extrapolate it himself.
He's got a way for it to come in on the computer.
If you're keeping track of these things month by month, you can an idiot.
A monkey could do it.
A chimpanzee or just a regular pan-z.
Clarence said, that should cover your territory.
God.
Oh, seriously, what kind of crap is that?
He's got a way to, who wants to know, you know?
So anyway, you warned, I think you warned him a little bit late though.
I warned him like the second day they were on the air.
George Ward, Kennedy, the other day about, don't let them destroy your show with sports crap.
And there was Volcanper, evidently, did you have some kind of a mole out there in the hallway over listening?
Or did you have anything to roll milling about out there in the hallway?
By the way, I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
That's the guy sports crowd in there.
They're going to listen to anything they say, Kenny.
You see, they got to get Volcanper up there to show.
He's the one that's killing him.
He's the excuse for turning it into another damn sports show.
We don't want to hear a sports show.
We don't want to understand how mad dog we want to hear and hangp we want to hear.
Not because they're talking about sports because it's them.
Okay?
What kind of a simple thing wants to hear the same people talking about the same stupid ass games day after day, hour after hour?
I'm telling you, you've got to be a crazy person, don't you?
All of Josh's all with no Christmas team.
Just when it looked, I turned that game off.
I thought you guys blew it again.
And actually you did, but then bailed out with a 62 yard fuel rule.
I couldn't believe it when I saw the final score.
I thought he had no chance to make that.
And I missed it. I would have enjoyed seeing that.
Because I was rooting for it. I figured, well, maybe they're actually going to win a game.
And then again, again, again, again, they blowed a game there with the seconds.
What was it? You were on seconds left?
Yeah, they're infamous for that.
What kind of a crappy kickoff was it by the Eagles anyway?
You must have had a pretty good run back.
No?
Well, I couldn't get the game, but they switched to it at the end to show us the field game.
You didn't get the game?
No.
It wasn't on TV.
I don't have the package.
You don't have a package?
Well, that explains a lot.
How you gonna get me thinking about that feral thing that I read on there last year?
Yeah.
About stuffing his f***ing bag anyway.
You're right.
And just turkey on Thanksgiving. That's what that was about.
Just don't start. Would you please?
You don't start.
You don't start.
Man.
Facialed my ass.
Can that actually be done?
October has become the deadliest month this year for US troops fighting in Iraq.
What I was going to say, and you interrupted me, is I...
It's just amazing to me.
I don't have a stuffy, stupid old turd, and nobody cares about anything except dealer, no deal.
And who's stuck out there and survived Ireland?
But how can this continue going on?
And the public is like, eh, like that.
How's that Madonna baby thing coming?
What are you talking about the war of the Dalton?
I'm talking about all these dead people, man.
All the people die in base debt of pack of lies.
And Nancy Pelosi says, oh well, if the Democrats went into a Congress impeachment,
it's not on their agenda.
Right.
As far as the reasons maybe the Democrats are a full of crap, much a weak need jellyfish, man.
October has become the deadliest month this year for US troops fighting in Iraq.
And there's also been a reported spike in the number of killings of Iraq's civilians.
I wonder if that's the same spike is on passions, which I don't watch anymore.
US military yesterday announced the deaths of US marine and the soldier in Iraq on Saturday bringing the...
The monthly military death toll to 80.
And today's only the 23rd.
Three other Marines died Saturday in Ann Bar, private.
It goes on and on.
There just isn't numbers on a page.
That's all.
There just numbers on a piece of paper somewhere.
And nobody really is all whipped up about it.
Based on a pack of lies, weapons of mass destruction and regime change all this other crap.
When we're going to start having the first elections in Saudi Arabia and Jordan, huh?
Right.
We're going to have elections in Kuwait.
And speaking of the packies, but I got a story about them that's going to like sit you free.
They're making all kinds of deals with the Taliban and Al Qaeda.
They never had a bunch of terrorists they didn't like.
And of course, remember that packy scientist who was busy dispensing nuclear secrets to North Korea and Iran?
Yeah, everybody who had the right amount of cash, right?
And they spank him a little bit and now he's under house arrest and live in the life of Riley.
10-14, what's that schedule look like today?
Man, I see once that new schedule starts, then we're going to turn the corner.
Oh, it already did.
The biggest name, the best talent for the biggest number of all-
A-Journey men with a record of what is that?
What kind of a number is that?
Oh, no.
And when...
D-A-Y...
As you see, K-S...
The people.
Oh!
Hi, I'm Florida Congressman Mark Foley.
A few young men between the ages of 15 and 18, I'd like to talk to you about Foley's friends congressional outreach program.
Foley's friends is a program that gives teenage boys a hands-on approach to learning about government.
They'll learn the nuts and the bolts of working intimately with a congressman staff, followed by a thorough debriefing.
Successful candidates will learn about politics, like running a campaign that's down in the polls.
Imagine the thrill of bringing that pole back up again.
So apply today and using one hand out email you all the details.
Foley's friends congressional youth outreach program.
I promise to leave no teenagers behind.
See, that's the kind of crap that everybody gets whipped up about is, you know, Mark Foley is...
Yeah, yeah.
...and the priest, the Catholic priest, who mysteriously went up in Malta over there in the Mediterranean.
Wonder how the hell he got over there, you know?
They weren't moving him around, you think?
Anyway, he says he thought Mark Foley enjoyed it.
He liked it. So what's the prayer? What's the like?
Anyway, here's the pole today. I got a Charlie Christor here from the New York Blade as in the Gale.
When I tell you that somebody is...
Gale.
...trust me, okay, it takes one to no one.
Someone or something you would never listen to on radio that's their pole today.
We got 913 votes. We'll have 1,000 by the end of the hour or maybe.
And then I can go home.
Look at that.
College students gain up to 8 pounds in the first year.
Well, there's some of them I'd like to help them work that way to off, you know?
See, one thing, one thing good piece of news for you, for all your young punks like you guys.
Well, you know it, but Joshua discovered and that is...
See, some people think that as you get older, you lose your libido and you become less based over.
Yeah. The fact of the matter is, as you get older, you get worse.
Sure.
You get hornyer and hornyer and like you.
You see people that really look good, you just want to reach out and grab them.
Which is probably not a good idea, but boy, just see some people like, oh man.
I got to have that.
Anyway, what's that all about?
913 votes out of a poll.
Someone or something you would never listen to on radio.
Religious program 320.
What do you expect from our human crowd?
And that's good.
Rush Limbaugh 206, which is kind of religion in itself, isn't it?
Uh-oh.
Coral Spring School and lockdown over suspicious devices.
For school, they have been placed in a precautionary lockdown.
A suspicious device has been found there.
And as you can see, there appears to be a robot-like device that is approaching what we assume to be.
This is a suspicious device that's small item.
Oh yeah.
Some sort of cartridge that's there on the school playground.
Now according to police.
The cartridge is a suspicious package.
Looks like a tube with some great duct tape.
It's like a tube.
See that just to the right of the robot and just to the left of that white paint mark there.
It was found on this playground with their calling a basketball court area at the Ramblewood Elementary School.
Oh, it's pretty suspicious.
And they must have made a Ramblewood Elementary School.
I went to Ramblewood Middle School.
Did you really?
I did.
Well, there's your package.
You were just seeing a little while ago, you were looking for one.
Did you get an idea of exactly what this device is?
I know I sure was L.A.
Not evacuated the school as of yet.
Again, this breaking news coming into us just now.
Breaking news.
Oh, Lord.
We're in elementary school.
The Ramblewood L.A.
Okay, we'll keep our flag on that.
Right to the bottom.
Two of us.
Hip-hop music.
Who now would listen to that?
I sure wouldn't.
You couldn't pay me enough to listen to that crap.
Bill O'Reilly, 82.
And you had a lot of company because nobody else has listened to his radio show either.
At least not in South Florida.
In fact, most people don't even know what's on.
George Rodriguez, 55.
How can you say that?
He kicked ass this summer, man.
And this last week, I'm sure he was like kicking big fat smelly ass.
Deal with Rogers.
Goose!
George Rodriguez.
No, goose.
55 said they would never listen to you.
Well, screw that.
Sports talk, 44.
I've listened to you before I would listen to Sports talk, which isn't saying much.
Country music, 43.
I hate this poll only 23.
Air America 20.
What do you make your wish?
You know, Al Franken is making $2 million a year to hear him if you want to cry.
I am South Bonnie.
Jazz 10, classical music 9, public radio 2.
And then you're Roger so far.
I guess even for this guy to be too embarrassing to vote for me since it's my show and my poll.
And your website.
Be a little dishonest, maybe.
No, not necessarily.
I'm sure we got people trolling on our website who hit me and all of us like poison.
And they're probably doing like a stickin' pins in a voodoo doll right now.
Oh, man.
Opponent out GOP candidate for Florida Governor.
Everybody knows it's like Miss Foley.
Everybody who knew anybody knew that Miss Foley was a queen.
We didn't know about those emails and about that stuff.
Oh, Daniel Smith's funeral, by the way, was held six weeks after he died.
Anybody care about Anne Nicole?
No.
Good.
In 1985, Max Lynn participated in a three month program called Leadership St. Pete.
That focuses on grooming future leaders in business and politics.
One of his classmates in the program was Charlie Christ, who is now float as attorney general
and the Republican nominee for governor.
And he's going to be your next governor by the way.
That's the bad news.
Lynn was running against Christ on the reform party ticket, said there were only about 20 people in that 1985 class.
So you got to know everybody said, class rhymes with ass.
You can't spell class without ass.
According to Lynn during the course of conversations with Christ,
he learned that the future attorney general was gay.
The two talked about what would happen if Christ's sexual orientation comes out
during a political campaign, Lynn said.
Lynn kept quiet about Christ's supposed gay secret for more than 20 years until he launched his third party bid for governor.
Then on October 11th National coming out, they Lynn outed Christ on WFTL, a South Florida radio show.
Whoo!
Charlie, come out, come out for wherever you are, Lynn said on the radio show.
Christ is repeatedly denied rumors that he is gay.
When Miami radio host the grotesque Jim DeFetus asked Christ if he was gay in July,
Christ responded, the point is I'm not.
There is the answer. How do you like it?
Not that there's anything wrong with that as they say on Seinfeld, but it just happened not to be said.
Guess what?
In January 2005, Christ denied rumors that he's gatering interview on WQYK, a country music radio station in Tampa.
I bet you they were referring to Lynch Mob in lutes.
And what's the other place temple terrace?
During the interview Dave McKay co-host of WQYK's Randy and Dave show asked,
are you a home all?
Christ responded, no man, no I love women, I mean they're wonderful.
Chris 49 was merged for seven months in 1979, but otherwise it has lived a single life.
Repeat it called to Chris campaign in kid quarters last two weeks, we're not returned.
In the interview last week, Lynn stood by the statements he made about Christ on the radio show.
He said he was a registered Republican for 20 years before recently switching to becoming independent.
He said he contributed money and did volunteer fundraising for two of Christ's past campaigns,
including his unsuccessful bid for the US Senate in 1998.
Lynn claimed the Christ's sexual orientation is an open secret in Tallahassee,
much like Foley's was.
In my opinion, it's widely known throughout the Republican Party that Christ is gay.
It's widely known throughout this audience, too, because I've been telling you that for a long time.
Haven't I been telling you that? Just like I did about Ms. Foley?
100 years.
And they don't listen to me.
You know, no matter what the law says, like oh yeah, that year was really funny.
I'm gonna say, hey, Homer, I think everybody is gay.
You're the one that says that.
You're the one always saying that.
Right.
933 votes.
Who have ever accused of being gay who's a hetero?
No, I need anyone.
Huh?
Gay people think that everybody's gay, and they just won't admit it.
Maybe it's switchful thinking.
From talking about it.
And I never did watch this speaking of that.
I never watched either one of these Spider-Man that you saw.
I'd rather you that you watch what's it called?
That movie that I keep trying to get you to watch that Shindler's List of Mice and Men?
Is James Franco in it?
No.
No.
Oh, just good actors.
26th Avenue.
Are you saying he's not a good actor now just because he looks pretty good?
He's a fine actor, but that's all of Mice and Men.
I'm gonna watch the other one.
Good story and good actors.
Just to piss you off, I'm gonna watch Spider-Man.
All right.
I'm not gonna watch it of Mice and Men.
I'm not gonna watch Shindler's List.
I'm not gonna definitely watch what's that prison movie?
Shocking.
You sure?
You sure?
No, it's good.
I'm not gonna watch it.
I'm not gonna watch it.
I'm not gonna watch it.
I'm not gonna watch it.
I'm not gonna watch it.
I'm not gonna watch it.
I'm not gonna watch it.
I'm not gonna watch it.
I'm not gonna watch it.
I'm not gonna watch it.
I'm not gonna watch it.
I'm not gonna watch it.
I'm not gonna watch it.
I'm not gonna watch it.
I'm not gonna watch it.
I'm not gonna watch it.
I'm not gonna watch it.
And right now, if Blue Back Road Chevrolet is raised to a thousand for the first time in its history,
they have the largest selection of new and used cars including the hot new Corvettes,
the ultimate sports car, trade, take it from me, trucks, SUVs, and minivans anywhere around.
They've also got used cars starting at $39.95, everyone backed by a car-fax guarantee, too.
Blue Back Road is out to sell a thousand cars this month and they're still staying open until midnight,
every night, to get to that thousand number.
Forget the price, make them an offer and they'll beat any deal.
More money for your trade, zero percent financing, rebates up to six grand,
whatever it takes, they'll make you a deal and offer you can't refuse.
Only at Blue Back Road Chevrolet with two great locations for you,
they're in Pompano Beach, a quarter mile west of $95, not far from Pompano Park, by the way,
and they're coaking a creek on $441 just out to the soil, grass, expressway.
Don't forget, Blue Back Road staying open until midnight, every night,
so get your ass over to Blue Back Road right now, get the best deal you ever heard of in your life on a new Chevy,
you can't beat it anywhere.
Or check them out on the wicked web at BlueBackRoad.com and of course you're wondering,
how do you spell that?
B-A-C-H-R-O-D-T, got it?
Got it?
BlueBackRoad.com.
The biggest name, so best talent, if it is this real Rochester,
sports radio 560 to AM.
Oh, in OM, B-A-Y, S-U-C-A-S.
Here's George.
Huh?
Oh, it's you.
Oh, it's you.
Huh?
Oh, the Tigers for that matter.
Holy, I want you, that's the question.
Remember, Rambling Woy driven by the Great Bob Farron, I'm sure you don't.
Nope.
1033, 27 before the hour 560 WDQA, and here's those numbers again.
I'm sure George went into a great length on these on Friday night.
Spend at least five minutes on it.
Oh, men 25 to 54 are most coveted demographic.
6 a.m. the midnight, overall.
Look at that, QM was 13th, we dropped from, look at that, to 10th.
And Waxi, the ticket, went from 25th to 20th.
If they're on the move, thanks to that bogus August.
I mean, they're really doing it.
In the morning, oh, Jesus, God Almighty.
QM went from a 2.6.
Now, these previous numbers are those in the spring book.
Is that what that means to the summer book?
Is that what we're, that is correct.
Oh, in the spring QM had a 2.6 in the, and men in the, and then do a 2.1 in the summertime.
From number 15 to number 18.
It's a spline shell.
Oh, my God.
Waxi, on the other hand, the ticket went from a 105, that's your rose little dog,
to a 26, 26 to a 2.1, they kicked our ass.
11th, we were 18, they were tied for 11th in the morning.
Mid days, thanks mostly to George.
Oh!
We went from a 6.9 in the spring, with 6.4 in the summer book.
Again, from number one to number one, and clearance rights on here can grasp,
with several exclamation points, as if, you know, like he really feels that way.
He's pissed off because the sports segments were like, in a toilet.
Last time in the day, making a real move from a 1-1 to a 1.8.
From 24th to time for 17th.
Yeah, we think we're making some inroads in my day.
A 3-7 in the afternoon QM dropped from a 2.8 to a 2.3.
16th tied to 18th tied.
Number 18, just like in the morning, 18th.
We're number 18, David, and men.
How can you be doing a sports station to your number 18?
Sorry, if I could, you know something I just noticed?
What?
Neither one of the two stations in any day part except us being number one in midday.
Neither one of the two stations cracked the top 10 in men any day part.
How do you like that?
Oh my God!
But it's sports talk radio, baby, and now we got that new station coming on to your station for men.
What is that, 6.200 on the dial?
What?
Yeah, there's a new station, it's man talk.
You ever read about that?
You'll be able to start keeping up on your radio stuff, Mr.
You've been on your business too long.
Nah, not a little bit.
3-7, QM, 2.8 dropped to a 2.3.
16th tied to 18th tied.
And Waxi, 17th to a 1.9, always still adds them up.
Five for 20 seconds, all the way up to number 20 that Daniela Bastard.
And then at night thanks to the Martin's, we have gooseed up a little bit.
We've pushed up.
And you're always knocking on my man day.
He sucks.
One, five, two, three, point, oh, it's coming under the new with your man day.
If Mickey Mouse was doing the games, they were made a nice run there.
Okay, at the end, as you know, they then made the wild car.
Well, not, they gave it a shot.
From number 22 at night to number 13.
This way till you see those Panther numbers.
Oh, oh, oh, Waxi on the other hand went from 8.9 at night to 8.
Oh, 0.6, 25th to 27th.
They're falling off the map.
I thought that Rogers guy they had on night.
You know what their problem is?
They got the wrong Rogers guy on the year.
That's their problem.
Do we have any ID who that guy's they got on?
Does anybody else have any ID?
Does anybody care?
Does anybody know what time it is?
Okay, so that's the numbers.
There's nothing more to be said.
Okay, we're number one in midday again.
Thank you very much by the way.
Everybody who's putting up a lot.
Very, very.
And morning and afternoon time, we're number 18 in men.
What did I tell you about these people?
They sat around like they were paralyzed month after month after month.
And I kept saying, what are they going to do something?
What are they going to do?
We're going to wait for the whole audience to disappear.
And I think the answer was clearly.
Yes.
That's on job by the way, Joe.
Hell of a job.
They got, they got other things to worry about.
Okay, they got to goose up that billing for the bees.
They can't worry about like numbers and stuff like that.
Speaking of numbers, Cheryl Kagan, a former Maryland Democratic legislature,
or legislator, whatever it is, was shocked once she opened her mail Wednesday morning.
Inside, she discovered three computer disks.
With them, was an anonymous letter saying the disk contained the secret source code
for a vote counting that could be used to alter the votes cast in Maryland's new electronic voting machines, Mon.
They're bad machines, Mon.
My understanding is that with these disks, a malicious person could skew the outcome of an election kick
and setters that screw or skew same difference.
Diabol, the company that makes the voting machines told ABC News these disks do not all
have the security of the Diabol, touch screen system in any way,
because election workers can set their own passwords.
But ABC News has obtained independent report commissioned by the state of Maryland
and conducted by science applications at an national court revealing that the
original Diabol factory passwords are still being used on many voting machines, Mon.
The study also shows mirrored other security flaws, including administrative override passwords
that cannot be changed by local officials, but can be used by hackers or those who've seen the disks.
How do you like that?
Computer experts and government officials have voiced serious concerns that if these machines
malfunction, no paper record will exist for a recap.
Even worse is the fear that an election could be hacked, certainly just tweaking a few votes
in a couple of states could radically change the outcome of our policies for the coming years.
They'd be saying.
I just mentioned that in passing, okay, for those of you who are a little bit cynical
and don't trust your freaking crooked ass government, and there's nothing worse than a crooked ass.
How we doing on that poll, we got two thousand yet?
I think so.
No we don't.
972, though close.
I think we'll get there by the top of the hour, it's 22 before 11.
Allison, I want you to write this down and you're a wrist.
I want you to put it on bulletin boards. I want you to write in T-Room walls all over town.
Now what's the worst getting, because obviously the morning guys Kenny Walker got sandbagged.
So we're getting sandbagged at it or a T-bagged at it.
Oh that's the question.
I hit the sandbag, thank you.
No.
By the way, I still don't have any votes. 972.
Oh I guess what arrived at on Friday at Gulfstream?
It's pretty much what machines find.
Yeah, you know about that.
You talk about that?
No.
You've been over there yet?
No.
Far as you, I'd be standing there knocking on the door waiting for the fistful of nickels.
That's about all you can handle.
I'll bring a rule.
Yeah, bring a couple of rules of toilet paper.
Hey, here's some good news for you. It's Dalai mattress is birthday.
Guess which birthday it is?
But third man.
That's it.
And a celebrate Dalai mattress and Simmons are offering the lowest price of the year on the best selling Simmons beauty rest pillow top.
You can choose from soft photos, biggest selection of Simmons beauty rest, and you get same day delivery too.
If you're finally ready to forget a good night's sleep for months and years to come, do this marketing like I've been doing for years called Dalai mattress at 1-800-Metrus.
For factory direct prices in a wood-witting service, no nonsense, no BS, no commands, no gimmicks.
Dalai mattress gives you a 12-month financing with Dalai mattress.
You just choose the date and time you watch your new mattress delivered.
Now, tour our window seven days a week from 8 in the morning till 10-night and guess what they show up.
Even on the very same day that you call.
And Dalai mattress delivers every time.
That's why Dalai mattress continues to be ranked number one in the world of customer satisfaction.
And why all of us have QA'm used Dalai mattress on the web, Dalai mattress.com, or make that one easy call.
There'll be there knock it on your door in no time at all.
1-800-Metrus, 1-800-MATTRES, leave off the last is because it stands for STU-PENDISABING.
The biggest name, so best tell I saw this is Wheel Rogers, 4-20560.
QA Am.
The most important is our homeowner, 4-205.
Absolutely.
Now, I taste my truck, I served it a month, can't believe it.
You stand up to win, fly, I drink, sleep a time, can't believe it.
You always drink that, you drink it in the cute.
Let it stay, let it stay, let it stay.
Let it stay, let it stay, let it stay.
Let it stay, let it stay, let it stay.
I got a vote, that's a good note, I finally got one vote on there, never listen to me.
Definitely, of course they couldn't possibly be listening to me.
They certainly won't respond to anything that you said by 998, I got one vote.
You by the way got 61.
It's my fan club weighing in.
Is there what is there?
Over, over again, I can smell it, you know.
Wheel Rogers, goood.
George Rodriguez, no good.
But George still gets number one in the summer book and the rest of the station is in the toilet.
Speaking of the toilet, the store that you just faxed me on this very primitive fax machine I got
So that I have something this morning, your brother.
I guess I can make do well, the other one was a brother too, but it was like a real machine machine.
This one is like Edison's first.
And each page very slay, we ever seen one like this?
It's not a laser printer, it's just not a little fashion.
Dot, matrix, baby, or whatever.
Is that what it is?
A couple jargon, who knows?
Who knows what it is?
Piece of crap.
I want to speak out of that.
Humboldt Dawn gets its day in the sun of Miami's Metro Zoo.
I don't even know if we can read this story, although it's in USA today.
There's another page that I hung on.
No thanks.
This is an off-crap.
It says cranes use it for courtship, hippos to mark territory, and frogs for camouflage.
Humans mostly flush it as fast as they can.
A new exhibit at the Miami Metro Zoo is set to open minds about this omnipresent versatile,
little of yet practical byproduct of life on earth.
It's called the scoop on poop.
Caca, it's based on a book, Canadian author and photographer Wayne Lynch wrote about the way animals in humans use fecal matter.
Didn't he used to be on a show on the worst team?
Fiko?
A fecal.
In a series of interactive exhibits, kids in adulthood, more than they ever dreamed there was to know about poop.
The Masal of Kenya and the Kenya, believe it, and northern Tanzania, used it to cover up their houses.
I see.
I'll stay away from here.
People in parts of Asians, that explains how a boy is similar to people smell like that.
People in parts of Asian South America use it as fuel or fertilizer.
Animals have infinite uses for it.
You can even find out how long it would take an African elephant, one of the animal kingdom's most prolific poopers, to excrete the equivalent of your body weight.
The average time for these recent, for a three recent visitors, 10 hours.
This is a cool message.
We're talking about something that everybody does, but nobody talks about it.
Since we spoke to Ron McGill, hopefully the focus on feces will have health benefits.
Let's have a show like that.
Better we all need some special issues on the weekend.
How about focus on feces?
Let's talk about it.
Some of us talk about it all the time.
There you go.
In other words, we really know that.
That's it.
It says, we shouldn't be so afraid of it.
That's what Ron McGill said.
It was a real kinky, he's a pervert.
If it wasn't for our version of poop, we wouldn't have so many people dying from colon cancer.
People are afraid to do a colorectal exam.
We said a species of Nepholi's crane impresses its mate by pitching buffalo chips in the air.
Tosses them right up in the air.
A type of front camera flies itself by changing colors.
It looks like poop.
Let's make sure nobody steps on it.
I guess.
Oh, look at this.
Howard Stern worldwide free trial two days only.
His desperate to try to sign up for more people on a serious.
Yeah.
How about if they paid me to listen to it when I listened to it?
No.
How much?
Yeah.
We got a thousand eight votes.
It's not even a little bit of clock here.
We got 12 minutes ago.
We got a thousand eight votes.
We are kicking big fat.
Speaking of that story in Ron McGill, big fat smelly ass.
How do you like that?
Wow.
Welcome.
Speaking of that, you can say that to Trump it again.
Fan favorite company slots arrival at Gulfstream.
Florida's first slot machines arrived at Gulfstream Park racing casino in Hellendale Beach on Friday.
The venue expects to open in mid-November.
And it's got a tutorial here with this story in the hero.
Showgirl Susan Porter stands next to five of the first gambling slot machines being delivered to a Gulfstream Park in Hellendale.
And there are like machines, Mon.
They're not Wheel of Fortune, which is just as well.
I don't know what they are.
I can't really see.
Did you see the picture?
They were on the news, but I couldn't make out what they were.
They had like plastic over them.
Slot machines made a splashy South Florida debut Friday flanked by two tail showgirls, a tall tail.
Tall tail and clear heels and feathered headresses.
The gleaming one-arm bandits.
I just love that one-arm bandits.
Begin arriving at Gulfstream and racing and the casino in Hellendale Beach Friday.
And official celebrated with a media feast that included really a honeydumel and shaped like a horse's head.
Honeydumel.
The class three slot machines, just like the ones in Vegas, in other words, real ones.
Honest to God, not fake make-believe ones, you know.
Are expected to open for gambling by mid-November.
We are weeks and days away since the Gulfstream Park president Paul McCucci,
that print of pins for absolute, they say McCucci-Cucci, where very excited as you can see the games are here.
Moments earlier, McCucci slid the Steelers open up a semi-tripper and answer the crowd.
The first real slots to Florida.
I bet you jet bushes having wild diarrhea speaking of that of this story.
I bet you he's doing the green apple quich step.
Machines with names such as Double Easy Money and Golden Chariots rolled into the renovated facility
and worked off the blue plastic wrapping, preparing them for their publicity shots.
Publicity shots for the slots.
Ready for that?
The first machines crossed the state line at 125 Friday morning and nearly 400 slots arrived before the end of the day,
marking the start of a new era in Florida gambling.
Gaming experts claim the class three machines in which players compete against individual machines
offer better odds than the class two machines available for play at Seminole and Mitsusuki Casinos,
where players compete against each other in a collective bingo system and I still don't understand it.
Gulfstream eventually will have 1500 slots, but only 560 will be installed by January.
The start of the horse racing season.
More than a year after Broward voters agreed to allow slot machines at Permute's will venues,
Friday shipment was the first to arrive.
Each spot they any highlight Gulfstream park,
I'll compare Racino at Pomato Park,
Harness and Pomato Beach, and Marty Gras-Race Racken Gaming Center in Hellenbeer.
They'll manage to give half their slots revenue to benefit education in Florida.
Marty Gras expects this first machines today, mine.
I keep my, I keep, I keep period off the window for some hot machines.
Broward County Hellenbeer Beach today, and you've each and Pomato Beach also will receive a portion of the profits.
The showgirls were there to increase the odds of big media play they were happy to do it.
Showgirl Teresa Castler plantation said it was an honor to be part of Friday's event.
For adults to get out and go play and benefit our children,
I think that's ideal, she said, mother of five year old Brennan Black.
Fell our showgirl Susan Portisant, thoughts of being more jobs interest in the area.
I think it's going to be a good thing for Florida said,
Porter who's from Danubeach.
Neither the woman were seen sampling the food, not even the many blueberry and poppy seed muffins or the croissants.
Oh, that sounds good.
Poppy seed muffins.
I know. Yeah, it does actually. Do you guys eat yet?
Yeah, man, we had bacon and fish.
Piped in music and fancy fountain said to the ambiance.
This is a new Gulf Stimicucci said I feel real comfortable.
It's going to be a fantastic destination he said.
And I was at Pomato Park on Saturday night.
On Be Notes to You.
Was it the falls view on Wednesday and Thursday?
I get around man. I spread my money around.
It didn't make one bed at Pomato by the way.
Sat there ahead a nice semia with my good friend Dick Feindberg formerly a poppy no for.
Your buddy Doug Thompson's got a calm today.
Time to be taken control of a place called America.
Election Day is two weeks from tomorrow.
Oh, I bet you Josh is going to vote not.
There you go. Not.
What a.
Ask me if I'm voting absentee.
No. No.
What am I going to vote for?
What am I going to vote for?
I don't know. Write something in with the blue ruse.
How about Barack Obama?
There you go.
What did I tell you about him?
He is everywhere.
He's like that story on a poop man.
He's everywhere.
I love Barack Obama.
Better him than me.
Yeah, at least he's got a chance to win.
He's the dark surprise I think.
He could be the dark horse.
First of all, he's not that dark.
Second of all, he's very articulate.
And thirdly, he's not Hillary. You're right.
There's Mayor Bloomberg.
You know the reason he's the Mayor of New York.
He's Jewish.
Anyway, Doug Thompson writes,
time to be taken to a little place called America.
Increasingly, it appears that only President George W. Bush and a handful of those
paid to agree with his every move, word and whim,
still think the U.S. can prevail in his failed Iraq war.
And most of the articles, by the way, say we lost already and we did.
Doug says everyone else realizes the war the country in America is credibility
at home and abroad is, hopefully, the lost.
The only real question that remains is how much longer we continue this folly,
and how many more Americans must die before the shameful chapter of history must end.
Bush claims the world will be just a comma on history.
Sadly, this comma is a deadly and expensive one,
costing more American lives than the 9-11 terrorist attacks,
along with the lives of many more thousands of Iraqi civilians,
and billions upon billions of taxpayer funds.
This comma stands as testament to Bush's callousness
regard for human life, the rule of law, truth, dignity or morality.
Its war waged on lies, fought through deception, and continued by ignoring reality.
Its war that threatens to outweigh the atnomenade, shame and damage to the American psyche,
one that may forever cast this country as an international bully,
with no regard for human rights.
With the combination that routinely lies to its allies,
this regards the laws that would demand that another's obey and promotes torture
and suffering as matters of policy.
Our name, once revered by many and other nations,
is now reviled on the world's state, spat upon by those who place America and Bush,
and the same league is Nazi Germany and Al-Hitler.
If the Iraq war is just a comma on history, then Bush is the period,
a period of dishonesty, distrust and dishonor.
Those of us who served our country once displayed the artifacts of that service
with pride on our walls, now we pack them away and box this hidden from view,
replaced with our shame.
Like those who tossed their medals over the White House,
French at the height of the Vietnam debacle,
we feel betrayed by a government that brought dishonor on all who served as nations' causes.
In theory, America still belongs to the people,
and we, the people, must take it back from the despots who control our government
and threaten to destroy the foundations of a once-grade nation, right, Stark Thompson.
He says, we start in two weeks of the polls, two weeks from tomorrow,
voting to throw out any income but who supports the illegal and immoral acts of the Bush administration.
We must ignore those who recently modified their positions to try to woo votes
and look at their past records and actions while ignoring their political lies.
If we can accomplish that when they can concentrate on the next two years,
building a grassroots effort to retake control of the executive branch of government,
with somebody who remembers the White House as the people's home,
not a palace for a king or dictator.
Our country is almost lost, but I'm not ready to give up,
hopefully, neither are you, right, Stark Thompson, although I'm not too sure.
It sounds to me like he'd give up long time ago.
And it sounds like that?
It does sound like that.
Like they got to him.
They sure got to him, and it's why he went hiding in the hills.
But at least he's back under right in Ranson, Ranting and Raven, almost every day.
You go, Dougie.
We'll bring you some flowers.
Okay, we'll drop a couple of definitely on your tombstone.
So I guess, can we have it like a tombstone?
Remember we did the snooze cruise?
Sure.
Maybe we can have one for the first sports talk.
You have like a...
All our clearance.
Maybe that'll be the end of the day clearance gets canned.
You're out clearance.
You're out sweetheart.
Bye-bye.
Don't you think he's going to give us an aspire?
No.
Yeah, this is what happened.
I mean, we got the break to do.
I don't want to spend a lot of time rehashing about how Joeville handed the keys to the kingdom
and the overgrown sports and her child.
And now we're number 18 and men in the morning and in the afternoon.
And thank God, thank God for us.
You know what I'm saying?
And spite of what they say in the hallway.
We're number one, damn it!
Despite a boat camper trashing us out there in the hallway.
Oh, they're the airtiles, boys.
Yeah, well, we got numbers.
Okay, sweetheart.
Number 18, my fat ass.
God.
18 and men.
Who would have...
Who would have thought it as they say it?
Boy, I hate people to say who would have thought it.
Like, who would have thought the bucks would have come back and won that game yesterday?
Who would have thought the dolphins as bad as they are could have loosed to the packers?
Oh, my God, the packers!
Holy moly, rat man.
Or as they said in the shining.
Holy moly, skat man.
He was in it.
He still dead, by the way.
He still dead, by the way.
Yeah, he is.
He showed up there at the cabinet the wrong time.
1057 at 560 W.A.M.
I've been telling you for a long time.
Over 21 years have you had dry concepts in my home.
And when I was home, as a matter of fact, they had been there just a few weeks before, when
I was down here in Florida.
And my carpets looked just like I had brand new lead right there on the floor all over the house.
I would never trust my carpets to anybody else, and either should you.
Just because you can't see the dirt and the schmutz and mold in your carpet doesn't mean it's not there because believe you me, it's in there.
And in South Florida, people tend to go along periods of time without opening the windows, makes it even worse.
More reasons to dry clean your carpets under regular basis and call our good friends our pizons and dry concepts.
Your carpets last longer because by keeping your dry clean it stays cleaner longer, comes out softer.
The colors come out looking brighter, the house smells like many fresh.
It's a real, mahala as they say in India.
Dry concepts is about a plan to make frequent cleaning easy at a fraction of the cost of regular cleaning.
You will never have a dirty carpet again using dry concepts.
And Broward, here's that number to call 954-370-7778.
Tell me that old koot, Neoraju, Georgia, to call her, get a real hoot out of the old koot.
954-370-7778, remember Hoot Gibson?
Hoot? He's dead.
And in Dayton Palm Beach called dry concepts, toll free, 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071.
The biggest name of the best village is Neorajuers, 4-Radio 560-U-A-L.
This is the Neorajuers' show.
We'll work with our people.
This is your brain.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
Any questions?
No.
No starters hiding the logmoons, the fans are out of here.
They say their weapons, a mass destruction.
I see the sand, a couple mega-tuns, by me right out.
In the Gulf War, they're in my favor.
I think it's time to give this butter wool back home.
So it's time to blow those people's up from here up.
All right.
Come on, here up.
Till they're nothing left to see, come here up.
Till stand and six feet deep, come here up.
Blow up the creak.
Come here up.
And then the rain is not enough, then the chemicals that burn,
and the fire that we are burning up on scours.
If we lay the clear, we'll be wet,
and come, so that this can't won't be so.
Blow up the creak, our diet on the earth,
and bring it to the name of your life.
Blow up the creak, blow up the creak.
Blow up the creak, blow up the creak.
You could play Richie Bell and say, well,
I'm a bomber.
I can't be mad, please.
Boba Grande.
Please don't.
I'm toast to Sturdy Ball.
Boba Grande.
I'm here in Kiss of the World.
Boba Grande.
Oh, I'm telling you one thing, boy,
George, you're dinner this summer,
and people from all of our modern building
ought to be in their pantomond back.
Do you see a current scheme in the Kiss You On the Lips?
Well, that was the one.
Not on the lips.
Although we didn't notice that it's
on the side of your head, and probably came in and gave you a facial.
T. offered.
How many did?
That's what I like to do myself.
That's what I like to do myself.
1967 votes.
I got a vote.
George has got 65.
So you can just bust in your balls.
Oh, I know.
That's all right.
What do you care?
You've got that big guy.
You can probably retire once you get a big moment.
Hey, listen, you have no idea what a nice feeling it is
when you're sitting there with mine,
losing your ass, which I was sad any morning.
Although I did find to get even me.
You read about the 1800 on the line.
Now, seriously, sitting there and you get out,
you're thinking buzzes, you know, and you're a guy for a two.
And I reached my pocket and I look at it from Clarence,
and it says ratings.
I thought, oh, yeah, maybe this is the summer book.
And show enough, there were the highlights and lowlights.
Lowlights were morning drive, where we got beat by the guys
across the street.
Oh, my God.
It's a spright shot.
I like Kenny.
He seems like a good guy, and you're telling me he is a good guy.
Very good guy.
Too bad that they have a tea bag and sandbagged him, you know?
He has got a kind of nickname.
He's going to get into death.
He needs to lock the door after the show, or at least get a escape out the bag.
Yeah, but tell Clarence to go ding dong, which is dead and get lost.
Okay?
What a jerk.
What a jackass you are, Clarence, who was in there this morning, by the way.
I guess he didn't get the memo.
And by the way, if that fat boy don't stop giving my meal,
address to everybody who's ever been born, you know?
See, Bob Lasseter's wife, Mary, emailed me on Monday morning
that he had passed away the previous Friday.
So, when we can go today, I got the email at home.
And I sent her back a message in there with my condolences.
And then I already was aware of that.
Plus, I was reading the blog all the time, and even though he had stopped entries,
I'd check it now and then.
And she put his final entries on it.
Did you look at it?
Yeah, and I read the final entries.
Why did you do that?
It's not really my final entry.
He read his final entry and how he was telling the people that it was an FAN,
if you and whatever it was.
Did you and?
To blow it out their ass?
Yeah, whatever it was.
No, no, I fell A.
Yeah, that's what it was.
Right.
That they were preparing his obituary, these bastards.
So, obviously, it was already well aware that I didn't need fat boy
given my email address to Tom Dinnaburg.
Oh, why don't I hear him from Tom?
He's over in Tampa now with all the go-in.
But this is fat boy at work in.
Okay.
In fact, you should have, when Muff was in this morning,
you should have invited me to tell her to put the given out my email address.
I think he learned his lesson.
Too late.
But, yeah.
Too late. Too late, Duff Maumister.
You silly person.
You, uh...
You fairy.
Now, I got an article here that a lot of people are going to say,
oh boy, that sounds really paranoid to me.
It's very long.
I don't have time for it.
From prisonplanet.com, you know how well paranoid they are.
Sure.
And the person who wrote it, her name is Sarchafal.
For just a second, I thought it said,
fatual.
You know, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're discussing, you really are.
You're grotesque discussing, you know.
You're never going to stop.
That's the thing.
You don't want to hear white, you're like poison.
I guarantee you, man, if she's making you any lime gel,
I guarantee you, there's Presto and Annie Freeze in there.
Garenceead.
That's an adoratide.
That's why you're sick all the time.
She's putting that Presto and Annie Freeze in you.
No question ever since I got that life insurance policy.
You know what I'm thinking of right now?
I've been in the ice season for a long time.
No, I don't do it.
It's dust fall, because I know.
It's about Jackson's is going to bring you guys
a bunch of ice cream for as soon.
He planted that seed.
Hmm.
I'm thinking about it.
I'm thinking about hot gnauz binin' and not.
Don't do it.
You know.
Even better than that, I'm thinking about maybe a Briar's hot bug suddenly on
chocolate marshmallow.
Maybe on Rocky Road.
You're going to die up there.
Well, you see, now when Bob passed away and after having read all those horrible things,
you know, his entry is in his long, grotesque death from diabetes and kidney failure and all
that stuff, you would end losing a lot of his vision and having part of his foot chopped
up.
You would have thought that an old fat diabetic like me would have learned a lesson
with him.
No, no, no.
You addicts.
We're addicted to sugar, baby.
We're addicted.
I should car.
Like what's your name would say?
Celia Cruz.
I would say what's he saying?
Celia Cruz and I am dead now, but that remember when I was alive, I would need to do
any more.
I wouldn't do all that no more.
That's a lady that is not going to come in.
No.
That lady is a innocent doll.
And when those are innocent, I'm on me now, so yeah, right now that's a lie.
I'll get everybody out.
I'm a man.
I'm dead and mumble and I'm out.
That's who I am.
That's who I am.
There it is.
I was looking for a supermarket.
Sweet.
That's just a repal fund for real.
That's all.
So anyway did you ever get that package he sent bigger pardon US Army announced his readiness for total military takeover of America
It's not our website was on yesterday's it's still on there. I'm sure you put something unbelievable like that on there
And it gets you know moderate amount of reads but if you put the marked fully
These salacious emails on you with those teenage boys we get over a thousand people on there
I think we had like 1200 people read that that day. We should only have 1200 people reading at least one of our stories on the website
Every day, but we don't because what's this got to do with sex, huh?
I'm just gonna read a little part of it
Russian intelligence analysts are reporting that final steps to a full military dictatorship in the US have been taken with the US Army announcing
US a North US our North
Not a system and that's the typo. I knew it was US a North has now reached full operational capacity
And is already do executed homeland defense and defense support a civil authorities missions and conduct the Army to army
Forth of the theater cooperation mission with Canada and Mexico. I'm staying right here
According to these reports the first of us a North fans for the total military takeover the US from its few remaining civilian overseas
Rest were they new series of draconian laws recently enacted by their top military leaders and which among other things
Suspends the right of habeas corpus for Americans and which the American military leaders awarded their courts to this allow and as we can read
Is reported by the Washington Post news service in their article titled court total tax power and detainees cases would says
Moving quickly to implement the bill signed by president Bush this week that authorizes military trials of enemy combatants
The administration has formally notified the US district court that it no longer has jurisdiction to consider hundreds of habeas corpus
Corpus petitions probably inmates have get more
Congratulations, player special reward for becoming oh, sorry about that. What was that the computer a pop-up came up
Beyond those already in prison to give more or elsewhere the law applies to all non-US citizens
It's a good. Oh including permanent US residents George. Uh-oh. Haviest corpus a Latin term meaning you have the body. Oh,
God, I'd like to say that to so many people you have the body. Can I have it? No?
No touch old man get out of here is one of the oldest principles of English and American law
I see so many really amazingly. I mean
Tandalizing people I just want to reach out and just grab them just a little feel that's all it requires the government to show
Legal basis for holding a prisoner not being fully explained to the American people however that these new drag
What's wrong with little feel huh feels good to me? Maybe don't go over to them who wants to get
Followed by a pretty guy man pretty said he liked it. He liked it. He liked it
He might it seemed like he liked it and how did this old Getsky priest wind up over there in Malta
That's what I would like to know as they continue moving around like pieces on a chest board
Not being fully explained to the American people
However, I bet these new draconian laws do in fact have a direct impact upon each of them and has explained by an American
Dissident group called the future of freedom foundation and in their article titled Jose Padilla and the military commissary
Commissary act states
Anyone who hope that the US military detention of Americans accused of terrorism expired with the transfer of American citizen
Hode Jose Padilla from military custody to just a department custody of senior hopes dashed by the military
Commissary act that the president signed in law yesterday meaning last week although the act limits to foreign citizens
Use of military tribunals and the denial of habeas corpus any person including American citizen can still be labeled
And treated as an unlawful enemy combatant in the so-called war on terrorism
What does that mean for the American people? It means the same thing he did for Jose Padilla who used to be Jose Padilla
You'll recall that Padilla was arrested in Chicago for terrorism and transferred to military custody
We're going to Padilla. He was tortured and involuntarily injected with throes
The government's position is that since the entire world is a battlefield in which the war on terrorism is being waged
US officials now have the power to arrest any American suspected of terrorism place them in military custody
And subject into the same unlawful enemy combatant treatment that Padilla received until the war on terrorism has finally been one no matter how long that takes
Kyle Bush
I do like that the whole article is on our website and you can either read that or read about the you know marked totally going
And also I heard a little verb that was saying yesterday which we certainly haven't seen too much more
We said I one kid they didn't have sex with tell you was 21 to one page right now
Understand there was a whole series of these pages. He was courting and schmoozing and whining and dining when he were 16 and he groomed them until they were of legal age
A team probably check an ID in birthdays and then once they were legal age he was having sex with him
How can we do more about that? Well, cuz you didn't tell us more about it. No
Well, we'll dig up a whole bunch of stuff and we can't find it
We'll just make it up. How do you like that? All right?
By the way, do you know that Charlie Christ is gay? Not that there's any problem with that except with his right-wing constituents
Wait until they find out they're elected a gay governor
Whoo, maybe Miss Follick can move in with some of his boyfriends and the governor's mansion long within the can have some
You know parties in there. Yeah, yeah, old time. There's not with a GOP stands for the gay old party
Mm-hmm. It does this 14 after 11 at 560 WQM
I've been doing business with my friends Greg Nelson all the good people of Blueback Road Chevrolet for over 20 years
I still have two corvettes from them which I grew when I was home both of them as a matter of fact
I actually got to drive one to the garage and man
What's not to like the service at Blueback Road the sales people selection cars are top-notch and trust me
What I tell you their prices cannot be beat anywhere in town
They've always taken weight care of me and they'll give you the same fantastic service like I've been getting for over 20 years
And right now it's Blueback Road Chevy's raised to a thousand for the first time in its history
They have the biggest selection of new and used cars including the hot new Corvette the ultimate sports car
Like driving a fast Caddy lag man. It's unbelievable. They got your trucks your SUVs and minivans the biggest selection anywhere around
They've also got used cars starting with just 3995 every one of them back by a car fax
Guadantee now
Blueback Road is out to sell a thousand cars this month
I'm just staying open till midnight every night to get to that one thousand number
Forget the price make them an offer they can't refuse and they'll beat any deal you ever heard of
More money for your trade zero percent financing rebates up to six thousand whatever it takes they'll get it done
Only a Blueback Road Chevy with two little occasions for you in
Pompano Beach, a quarter mile west of I-95
Look for that big gigantic American flag
You know where it is and a cook on a creek on 441 just south of the sub-rast expressway
Don't forget Blueback Road is staying open till midnight every night
So get your fat ass over to Blueback Road right now get the best deal on a new Chevy you've ever gotten in your life
Or check them on the web at loopbackroad.com as BACHRODT
loopbackroad.com
The biggest name of best talent for the business real Rodgers for 20560
George Bush doesn't care about black people
Oh, there's another fast pace coming in by the year 2525 that's been pop out of that thing. Why did I buy this thing?
We could see because it was cheap. It was even I needed something to replace that other thing that the crap down
Plus everybody tells me that those brother MF. What is it? MF Lucky Strike means fine tobacco MS MFC
4800 they break down like every five minutes. I don't know anything about this
It's
Let's see you know, well that's right daylight 70s time is this weekend. It's an angry thing
It wasn't this past weekend. What I've been later would have been early. I
Can ever keep track we have to turn the clock back right? Yeah
So I would have been late. I would have thought it was like
I don't know I can't forget the stuff. Damn good anyway. Here's a just forget about it
Okay, it's too complex on a Monday morning for me. I can't handle it
Facts is welcome back. It's coming up on that time here again daylight time comes to an end on the last Sunday in October this Sunday
On the last Sunday in October clocks have said back one hour two a local time
I'm above a blind. I was I'm well. This is so boring
This is so boring and about how the history of daylight time anyway. God is this boring. Who sent us this piece of crap
My golem glad they reminded me because we have forgotten probably
Yeah, I would so we thank you for that, but as far as the rest of this fast
This is ponderous man. I'd rather listen to sports talk than this
I'd rather croak than listen to sports talk in spite of what well
I hope Polkhamper comes in there kicks your ass for ripping him. He almost did start all these stories
I was ready to run he is so full of it man
They're the anti-sports showed all of those guys. Yeah, keep listening to his propaganda
Okay, and you two can get a one-eighths year in men on a sports here on a sports station
That's the thing that is just it's mind-bothering isn't it? Yeah
It would be like if you were doing a show on stand collecting on faladilly
Excuse me. You're giving me a hard time about the facials and
You had no stand collectors listening
Did this story here? I got a move to that thing or you were a lot of us
Didn't you ever collect stamps as a kid?
I thought every time every guy collected stamps is the thing that would have required a little bit of coins
We are very newismatist
Trust me if I had any coins they were quickly spent
Yeah, we'll see they're quickly spent there goes back with that facial crap again
1111 notes on a pool 11 11 and look at the time it's 11 22 not bad and I bet you're on daylight time
We'd be 11 11. What do you think I'd imagine now?
Which camera they show now? It's the Patriots kicking a buffalo ass
It was in the first possession of the game
Patriots nine played after moving those chains for ground moves
And we got a lot of yards in the third and eight
Six plays better here in three ways
Dylan's running like he is
Dylan's running like he is
Dylan's still has it six plus minutes 14 plays
When they kicked their ass or what?
Josh huh? Yeah, pretty good
They just spank their butt. That's the bill
How about that Luzman man?
Did he have some problems yesterday?
They were all over him like stick on a grade
At any rate, you know Patriots are what five and one now I think that's correct
And the dolphins who have a buy next week and you know what they're gonna need that week badly
Until the new coaching staff comes in you know who they play the following week. Who's that the bears?
Oh
The field is answering the book of the blue right now
74 yards return sets up radio night
Paris story great place later
Brady stepped out the pocket and
Well around he's just gonna eventually be smart about it to take the loss but in the bill zone
Wow
Oh
Yeah
You can't break
So I mean that's funny
You're just gonna be all right. I mean I got to be here and do like that but you can't do that
Yeah, you're gonna be going to the house if I ever had anybody say take it to the house
I'm gonna shoot them right there in the house or outside the house or behind the house
I cannot deal with these sports cliches with his jargon
You know I'm talking about jargon
You know like I don't know what you're talking about
I mean hate when that word means take it to the house. Oh God. You know freaking life. I have no life the sports nerd crowd
There are to get some points but there's a song to follow
Pick off baby. I don't think they're gonna be here. But it's like another picture of touch on come on
Anyway, you remember the
Pope would have business about well they misunderstood he wasn't sorry for what he said
Yeah, sorry that they were pissed off because they actually got what he was saying. I'm sorry you're so sensitive
A senior State Department diplomat apologized yesterday for having told the Arab satellite network Al Jazeera Saturday that there's a strong possibility
History will show like another tough guy. I don't think he's scared but the Patriots I can't believe it
That history will show the US display arrogance and stupidity in its handling of the Iraq war
Tom Brady there's Tommy. I sure like to get my hands on him but boy there's a long line ahead of me
Upon reading the transcript of my appearance in Al Jazeera but listen to this
Upon reading the transcript of my appearance in Al Jazeera I realized that I seriously misspoke
By using the phrase there's been arrogance and stupidity by the US and Iraq Alberto Fernandez in the email center
Reporters by the State Department and attributed to him. I misspoke. How do you like that?
Always like that Nick Saban. See I misspoke. This represents neither my views. No, those are the State Department
I apologize the statement said Fernandez gave a gutter based network a 35 minute interview from Washington where he's director of the office of pressing public diplomacy in the
Bureau of Near East Affairs his apology yesterday different from a defense of his comments he made to CNN during an interview Saturday night history
Will decide what role the US play the told Al Jazeera and Arabic based on CNN translations and God willing
Deal God we try to do our best in Iraq but I think there's a big possibility for extreme criticism and because undoubtedly there
Was arrogance and stupidity from the US in Iraq he said Fernandez told CNN he was replying to a question about how people will
Assess the US in the future and said he thought that was how the country would be judged but then again he says I realized I seriously misspoke
Because they obviously made an offer he couldn't refuse follow him saying oh there's the JETS
The office for me too. It's going very deep like the fall
Just but he just barely squeaked by the the O and the lifetime lines and they yeah lines are pathetic
And then again a lot of bad teams all the real good games just ended with the field goals right there and in like Kansas City San Diego right
Right right like Tampa Bay in Philadelphia right when it looked like a box did it again and did the old swoon
Can you imagine the people that must have been pouring out of that stadium there onto a deal maybe yesterday huh yeah
When you think when you avail out of that a pissed off fans yeah oh not again not again and then all of a sudden when you least expect
Orated and I said at final score I said that must be a mistake and I thought they must have done a real quick 80 million yard field goal they did 62 yards
Each your hard out Tom Dempsey is he dead or alive Tom Dempsey you know he had a wooden shoe I did know when he kicked that 63 row yard field rule for the
Saints he had like one of them chopped off like I want whatever 27 past level let's start talking a lot more sports
So we get down there to like number 17 or number 18 field then we'll feel like more you know like we belong you know what I'm saying
Yeah nothing more than feeling out of place I don't agree with that I would feel very out of place here
Yeah we're on the wrong station oh sorry about that like I said let's go on to 850 or a 1800 on the dial huh sure
Or let's get a new program director we hate you
Clarence where those numbers he was promising me by the way the monthlies yeah I don't know here yet 1121 votes on the pool I got a pair now
And your Rogers has a pair something or someone you would never listen to on radio religious program 395
Rush Limbaugh 244 hip hop 132 Bill O'Reilly 99 George Rodriguez 70 well what is that George Rodriguez 70 vote
That's a fantastic job that he's been doing you Rogers good George Rodriguez no good sports dog 50 country music 49 I wish I wouldn't have found that because I'm just obsessed with that
Just it's it's about the content just the way he says it that's that's a little bit of a country music 49 I hate this poll in 827 2.4%
Air America 26 jazz 13 classical music 12 public radio 2 and your Rogers element a dose I got a dose try to get rid of it
It's lobster fest back every Friday through Sunday at the Emerald Coast the best Chinese buffet in South Florida with three locations for you
Sunrise Pemberpines and sunny Isles over a hundred different items featured on the Emerald Coast amazing buffet
Six gourmet soups New York Steak juicy and delicious grilled the order the way you like it hand carb prime rib
Suci traditional Asian dishes a salad bar and a sea of bar and the dessert bar is really special weekends feature the 40 inch
Monthwatering chocolate fountain you can hand dip your strawberries and other fruits marshmallows cheesecake other
Decadent treats and loads of milk chocolate for dessert a perfect ending to a big feast at the Emerald Coast which still uses only healthy cholesterol
Freakin' O'Lorrell and never any MSG no cornstarch no crack you'll never walk out of there with a headache and right now when you go in
As a party of four asked for the Neil deal you get five dollars and sixty set off your total check with four paying adults five sixty got it good
Emerald Coast open for lunch and dinner call 954 572 3222 for reservations 954 572 3222 and don't forget every day is a
Neal deal day and Fridays for Sunday every weekend its lobster fest only at the amazing Emerald Coast Chinese buffet
The biggest name of best talent stars is Neil Rogers for 20560
You a
Spent of cow manure covers over this performance by the dolphins
I am he has the dolphins there the worst football teams they club the ball from goal to goal like no one's ever seen
There on the ground that's where they'll stay there never in control and when you say Miami you're talking joy with
Folders there the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how many jeans in a week?
32 Miami dolphins Miami dolphins don't bet on them you'll always lose
They don't know how to tackle they don't know how to block their coaches ought to tell them to
But then they in their jock here then they would run much faster and even in defeat when we go to the stadium
We'll see Miami in there the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how many teams in a week?
32 Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
The team that hasn't got a clue
Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fans just 50,000
Oh sitting in the stands they watched the game and all they do is moan and gripe and bitch
I wonder how Jo Rabi got the piece of him rich and they're the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how many teams in a week?
32 Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
I hear the crowd begin to boo
The dolphins have faith in that quarterfax that you run down the field and he will throw a pass over you
I'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut that doesn't mean that he was circumcised in there
The Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how many teams in a week?
The third man
Miami dolphins
Jake calls his signals in Hebrew
The dolphins have no defense and their offense is a joke like George Bush eating pretzels
You know they're gonna choke they'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race
With fewer points and clock marks on high zingas of leaf face in there that Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how what the hell 32?
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins now they're true
Playoff the playoff this
23 to a load at 560 WMU you'll never guess in a million years who I just got another email message from
I'll give you one clue
Yes I'm stunned at this barza I'm shocked
He don't don't you understand his whole concept is just how annoying how much he can agitate and aggravate that's what he lives for
Besides eating is aggravating and agitated he is truly a crazy stalker
We hate you high boy don't you understand hate you when I say we I'm talking about everybody associated with this show
Past present and future hate despise go away don't darken my door don't darken my computer don't
Email the don't extend your fat ass in this direction again said that he sent you the motley's no oh this was about
Lanceter again he just won't stop and this thing you just send me this gym defeated column which I
Gonna grab a really good eyesight and it's very I've got it is who lamps going in here all the time
You know plus I got the window open and sunny and freezing yeah, so you can't wait if you think I can read this I mean you must be
Rebound it because it was actually kind of cute for him is it yeah well I can't read it
I could it would be very difficult and you know I stumble and bubble and funnel it off as it is just with something that's got like
Ordinary size print the print is the size of like the Mount Palomar telescope might if you if you adjusted the focus real
Real clearly you know you might be able to get this and plus the fact that it's
It's a
Very coffee although I guess I could find it somewhere if you think it's so good enough to read probably I thought it was cute
It's about his a moment that he had with Catherine Harris and
Well you know okay and no we're not promoting your show fast. Okay. He is just did you see money was on TV and we discussed yeah we
Discussed it good. Yeah he has to tuck his gut into a socks
He is got the most unbelievable job plus the the
Someone or something you would never listen to on radio 1157 votes and religious programs for 11. Thank God for our heathen crowd
Thank God for people enough common sense to realize about all the bubble my season all the get keys out there
You know they were talking the other day about the history of the Sunnis and the Shiites and you know what that's all about the difference between the
The head of Muhammad and something yeah something to with who Muhammad left his apartment building to where some some crap like right and they couldn't agree on that as a result they hate each other like poison and they've been killing each other for a thousand years and it's great good old to a good old time religion
That's all this stupid is who speaks for God you know the Pope or you know some other guy religious program for 11 rush limbaugh 252 hip-hop music 136 Bill or Riley 101
George Rodriguez 73 votes I can't believe this audience they treat you just like the management always has like crap you Rogers
Good George Rodriguez no good sports dog 51 country music 50 I hate this poll only 27 a mere 2.3% very low on a Richter scale for our usual amount content audience they like it
America 27 jazz 13 that surprises me I wouldn't listen to jazz if you paid me by the second by the note how about melt or may but we've been that that you speak of the sketch
Scooby-Dobby yep develop it for our classical music 12 public radio 2 and neo-Roger's so I meant a dose cannot get rid of that bad dose
The biggest name of best talent is neo-Roger's 4th radio 560 UAM
Again bomb douche when you're done
Ellen box was a normal man with a nice home a lovely family and a christy job with his father-in-law's company
Normal bad is until just three weeks ago
Hi honey how was your day?
Somewhat of an esoteric Monday I cured wound up being button on the last one to see if I can't focus it in to the best of my ability
Ellen boxes suffering from Bob Lasseter disease
Are you feeling alright Ellen?
Absolutely insane I see things that nobody else seems to see or at least cares with Nick that they say
Bob Lasseter disease attacks the central nervous system causing otherwise normal people to communicate like suicidal maniacs
I'll help with you today I don't want to talk to you
What's more Bob Lasseter disease is the one form of depression which is actually contagious
God just listening that voice I want to jump off a building
You're the lowest of a low your ass snake your ass scum the ass
Please send whatever you can today to post those words 1-800-Devinport Iowa
Honey it's Friday night you know what that means
Fetching and mowing it screaming and hollering please help 14-Gilloon at 560 WQM
We got 1176 votes on the poll we're kicking some big fat nasty ass
I figured out big and fat and nasty
Speaking of big and fat nasty but what are we gonna do about those packies?
Now forget about North Korea and forget about Iran I say we got a blow up Pakistan
Sure it's out of your rape you all were at it
Right well I actually have been first
Go in here and stick the American
You would be paying like three cents a gallon for gas
You could drive from now until 10 years from Christmas from about six bucks
Could all get a personal pump at the house
Yeah you could be pumpin' it
Just days after the signing of the Waziristan Accord
Which seated administrative and security control of the North
Was Erastane Agency to the Taliban in Al-Qaeda
Now we find out that the Bajor Agency is next to fall to the Taliban
Several weeks later UPR confirmed the Pakistani government is seriously considering further negotiations
In Bajor and other agencies in the federally administrative travel areas
What did I say administered?
Ali Jan or Oraxi there's a lot of names in here that nobody's gonna pronounce right especially me
The governor of the Northwest Frontier Province has been enthusiastic about the prospects of turning over Bajor and other agencies
If the treaty signed with travel elders of North Waziristan proved successful
Similar treaties would be signed with tribes and other agencies reports the daily times
Now the Gulf Times report to deal with the Taliban in Al-Qaeda in Bajor is coming and soon
Molana Fuck Here, My Hamid, you know his mom?
The other Fuck Here
Once most want to clarify Pakistan's Bajor travel region
And his fellow militants are likely to link a piece of court with the government after Idael Fittor
As the government has released Al as well as as the Goodwill Jester according to the Gulf Times report
The release of Fuck Here is relatively as a victory for the Taliban
Molana Fuck Here, My Hamid support is won't receive the release collar
Colleagues insolverated the release with heavy fabricated of the year
Members of the travel of Jurg or council took into the village after they released from Central Prison in car
Headquarters of the Bajor Wazir attack he's allowed again
What is wrong with you?
Just because we got that bonus money
Is there something that I don't know about him, John?
Do you like that?
I got the same problem right now
Do you?
Well Fuck Here to you too
He always was kind of a faker
Maybe that's how he says name Faker
Which is probably like Quaker and Shaker
Maybe Shaker
1179 votes on that pool man, we're going to get to what?
13 today you think?
1340?
Whatever the hell we get it will be a feather in our crap
Oh God
What?
Oh I'm speaking of a filth and smart which is your specialty
That's why Jurg does so well
It's not that people think he's like your great broadcaster
Which you know he does a fine job but not great
It's just that he's filthy
He'll Rogers!
Goood!
George Rodriguez!
No good!
You and that simple then Scotty Mac a match made in heaven
Oh God!
What a simple toner
The Catholic Church is waiting into a big controversy over reports of rampant promiscuity
In India's 24 hour call centers
You know about all this outsourcing that your hero Ludobs is always screaming about?
Right
India's booming call center industry is beginning a bad press
This is what the Brit independent writes
What were the arrest of a banking ploy who stole hundreds of thousands of pounds from the UK customers accounts
And documentaries exposing security shortcomings
But the Catholic Church has found something else that is much more worried about
Sex which of course is not their specialty to Catholic Church
Stories have been emerging for some time of promiscuity in the 24 hour centers
There was the call center where the drains were choked with condoms
And the woman worker who told the President and her colleagues went to work with condoms in their bags
They went to work with the condom in their sack
Hardly it caused for concern by Western standards
But in India, where attitude towards sex remain highly conservative
It's caused a minor stir
Which is where the Catholic Church has come in offering counseling and week-long retreats for call center workers
And hopes of turning away from a life of sin
We don't want to do moral policing, the archbishop of Bangalore, Bernard Morass said
That's what he wants, Morass. But we do want to advise young people that being modern doesn't mean losing family traditions or moral values
I'm going to tell you those Indian people men are hurting his hell
Sure a lot of them here
Who isn't?
That's true
The reason call centers have become the scene of sexual liaisons is simple according to those who work with them
It's one of the few places that I'm not hurting for ice cream right now
In fact, you know something I may let you do the noon to one hour
I brought and go to bed to do it
I brought and get a big tub
Rocky Road
You know, it's sliced bananas on it?
Yeah, and like tons of hot fudge
One thing I can't say is if you go into place for a hot fudge suddenly you put like a little
Like a little dollar hot fudge on top like just a smidge
Yeah, and then of course you eat that first and then you left with like a three-spice cream
You can have the ice cream is okay
But you want to mix with that smear with that fudge in there
Right
You want to smear it a little bit
Oh yeah
Like the Republican smear and sure
Anyway it says there's a sexual revolution going on in India
The young at least those in the middle class is dating the way their parents could have never dreamt of
In the big cities more and more night clubs and bars are opening up where men and women can socialize freely
How do you like that?
Oh my god
In Delhi this your plastic surgeon said they've seen a 40% rise demand for cosmetic surgery
Oh my god, they probably do a lot of facials over there in the months leading up to this weekend
What's that?
Diwali festival with men as well as women seeking in-nose jobs
Yeah, they need some other kind of jobs too
And nasty noses over there
They do not
You know what you're talking about?
Oh, big ol hunter
How many people from India have you gotten the South Florida about three?
I don't know, I met a hundred
Well, we got lots of them here and believe you me some of them are just fine as di1
Okay, they are just especially if they don't have that career Roma you know
Ooh
Anyway it says there's been a moral backlash from conservatives
I wish the Catholic Church is for me and the call centers is a typical example
In Bombay and Bangalore, the local government's awarded police to start enforcing licensing hours
The politicians are pandering to devote from the millions of poor who still cannot lead the more sexually freewheeling lifestyle of the middle classes
And look at it with resentment
They want theirs and they end get them
You know what that's like?
Yes
A survey of cost-centred workers last year found that 38% believed
Pymarital sex was morally acceptable and a quarter regularly had casual sex
The church can hold its retreats but it seems that the sexual revolution has gotten a hold of Inja
And the most desperate of the Inja population in Ontario is two-eight
Because man you talk about a bunch of freewheeling free whatever free you've heard of free loaders
I think this is a different connotation
You know something I never got to any of the inquirers stuff yet
Oh no
They'll still be there
Oh Jay confesses in tell-all book he gets three and a half million of names as a complies
Don't we want to hear about that?
Okay
If I can find it
Oh the inquirer takes you inside Daniel Smith's death room
Here's a bunch of pills found on the four ambient sleeping pills
Reportedly we're finding the bed
She had that kid the pilled up man like crazy
Here it is
Here's a picture of that scum hole
That's something I had to believe that in there is not pathetic
It is not, it's tragic man
It's tragic man
You know like when you put chicken soup in the refrigerator and that scum forms on the top
That's right
What if you put it in the trash bag?
You take it off and air like with a big spoon and you drop it in the bag
And a garbage bag
Now would that make the bag a...
Well
Oh Jay writes book for three and a half million and confesses world-exclusive news in the inquirer
What's the day of this issue?
October 30th, October...
About third man
Now do I want to read this whole thing?
I guess so
Oh you can hit the highlights
And of course Oh Jay is keeping the blood money
There's a picture of Fred Goldman who's pissed up
Not that Fred probably needs the money, it's just the principal of the matter
Sure
And fired up
In a bombshell book that will rock America
Will rock America
Oh my god
Oh Jay Simpson finally confesses to the murder of the centering gives all but never before revealed
Horrific details of the body slaughter of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ron Goldman
The inquirer has learned exclusively that Oh Jay's been working for months on the top secret book
Which will be published late this year and then he reveals he had an accomplice at the murder scene
Oh
Now 11 years after being acquitted of these sensational killings
Simpson is being paid three and a half million dollars for revealing the blow-by-blow details of the brutal life attack
Only that kind of money could have tempted O.J. to finally tell the truth of the West Coast source
To make you a book project told the inquirer
O.J. doesn't have to worry about being prosecuted again for the murders because of the double jeopardy law passed by Alex Trebek
In the book he describes how he grabbed the knife from a man who accompanied him to Nicole's home
And moments later found himself covered in blood and looking down on the bodies of Nicole and Ron
The working title of the book is if I did it
Yeah, if if tickens peed right O.J. you murdering piece of turd you, you slimeball, you scum, uh, whenever you are
Bucket we say scum bucket. No with its publication only weeks away the tell-all block buses are made the most explosive secret and publishing until now
In the early pages O.J. I guess we better do the break because I don't want to have to interrupt this okay?
I mean we got dead people in Iraq we got all this other stuff going on we got election two weeks from now
What could be more important than another O.J. story?
The biggest name of the West talent and meeting the gun
You're Rogers, you're five sixty U.A.M.
Yeah
This is Mark Morgan is the twelve to one hour on Q.A.M.
The Ramsey's went on they passed a lot of ticket to you know what happened? Nobody believes it.
Mr. Bayon, you know so if I'm not going to benefit I'm not going to be some dance and wonky for you guys.
O.J. Mr. Bayon said
This passage to begin with what makes you a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
No, you're not going to be a taxi driver?
You want to hear any excerpts in the book?
I'll read them on the air so you people can save your money.
Steve Irwin, death video revealed.
Croc Hunter tried to wrestle giant sting rate and work out too good.
M&M accused of assaulting his adopted daughter.
Well, it's a good thing you didn't go to Africa and tried to adopt some daughter there.
Like, maybe it's a misdemeanor.
Steroids make you bigger, stronger and dumber.
Which explains a lot about football players, I guess.
Well, here's the eight-year-old, the dark-complexed preacher man.
Eight-year-old child walks tall in the pulpit.
Oh my god.
Paris's bruises, can you see them?
She got a lot of heavy-yet pancake.
Brad named in bombshell hooker tell-all.
See, all these people are dying in a rack based on a bunch of fascist lies.
And America is worried about brain gelina and benefit.
And they run away, brides, and that bitch in,
what the hell was that in the box?
Ruba.
Chicken or Ruba?
Oh, yeah, Ruba rhymes with chew.
Cover the tuba.
Brad named in bombshell hooker tell-all.
Plus, angely in a breakdown is direct center over the edge.
Oh, sex versus a blockbuster reads like a Hollywood who's who?
The shocking new book, everything is shocking.
You know what I'm saying?
It's either chilling or it's shocking or both.
The new book, hooking up, is going to have Hollywood husbands running for the heels
to escape its outrageous charges of bizarre illegal sex cabrades.
The just-published tell-all is written by four women.
Two co-girls, a porn star publicist and singer Jennifer Young,
daughter of an late Oscar winner, Gig Young.
An additional accusing Brad Pitt of hiring a hooker,
which is a whole story about that here who cares.
The authors make several incredible claims including
the departed star Jack Nicholson paid two co-girls a thousand dollars each
to perform sex acts on and during your cocaine and booze-fuel party at his home.
Who would have thought that, huh?
And Kevin Costner, still married to his first wife Cindy,
partied with a co-girl with a five-star hotel,
and rewarded her with a t-shirt.
What a big spender.
Wow.
Joe Pesci met a co-girl Olivia the nightclub.
She claims the diminutive dynamo took her back to his home with two other girls,
had sex with him one after the other.
I thought it was going to stay one on top of the other, but that would be bad.
Charlie Sheen, like 18-year-old girls,
and enjoyed having her co-girl dress up as a cheerleader.
Robby, your favorite flick was on W. Desmond.
Dallas?
Malice?
So there you go.
Big bombshell, a shocking exclusive.
I'm shocked.
Diane Sawyer to leave GMA, Good Morning America,
or refute with Barbara Walters, who cares?
New playpals, play Aiken and Peabee Herman or Hollywood's hottest on-couple.
Little boy.
Goes on.
And on with his cock-a-man.
Nick Hull and Keats Desperate bid to have a baby.
She's already seen a fertility specialist.
Maybe somebody oughta draw him a roadmap with a few arrows on it.
I can show you.
I can do it.
Shocking truth.
There's another shocking story.
Oh my God.
Behind Brawl on Grey's Anatomy.
Hateful gayslurs could get star kicked off the show.
Isaiah Washington's job may eventually go to Boris Kajjo.
Tell you what, thing, Boris looks pretty good to me.
33-year-old soul food star, Boris Kajjo.
You know who that is?
No.
You know who, uh, well, what is this show?
Grey's Anatomy, Ever seen it?
Who?
No.
Conhead Isaiah Washington hurled a vicious gayslur,
one of his co-stars during an onset, Brawl,
and the ugly explosion of hate is ripping apart TVs number one show.
It's the number one show I've never seen it.
I've never heard of it.
I've heard of it.
Did you hear it, Josh?
No, but I've heard of it.
Everybody can't stop talking about it.
Really?
Let's be spectacular.
Wow.
Last week, the inquire broke blockbuster news that is Isaiah 43.
Choked Patrick Dempsey 40.
And on October 9th, fight on the set of Grey's Anatomy.
And now we can reveal the secret behind the outrage.
The melee has set off WDW3 on a show and may cause Isaiah his job
and insider to the inquire.
All the insiders all the time.
You know what's happening inside as there are?
Somebody.
The cast is divided over the shameful event.
Not a shameful event is the UMI FIU game, but what could be?
I think what they ought to do is just give rid of that football program of UMI.
Don't you, Josh?
No.
Give rid of it.
Why not?
You making any money off of that?
Am I?
Yeah.
Are you involved in that in any way?
Not at all.
Get rid of it.
Let's have an institution of higher learning over there, Donna Shirley,
and cut the crap, OK?
Would I gangster ball?
I don't want that bull crap.
And of course, as far as FIU is concerned, what delisir story?
Bush of punks.
Anyway, as the inquire extrusively revealed last week, Patrick and Isaiah clashed over cast members
being laid to the set right before shooting a scene at Prospect Studios in LA.
He did discussion quickly and slowly to devileance when Isaiah snapped revealed my witness.
At one point, Isaiah yelled, I'm not your little faggot like so-and-so named deleted.
According to the source, those who have heard him were stunned.
Little faggot.
I mean, that's on by Elton John, little faggot?
A little genie.
Little faggot.
Because the extreme nature of the slur, the inquires with holding the name of the co-star targeted by Washington,
the extreme nature of the slur, like little faggot.
During the brawl and in the rage of Isaiah, we have Patrick by the throat and shoving him a few feet.
The violent behavior in case the slur of serious fage jeopardized, oh, there is this little faggot?
Yeah, in the song too.
Seriously, Zeppard Isaiah's future with the show's citizens' source.
Ironically, there had been talk about Isaiah leaving his far back as last summer,
long before his feet were tacked with physical.
He's getting down and getting physical with little faggot.
There were rumblings that Isaiah wasn't happy with the direction of his character disclosed the insiders
been considering moving to the African country of Sierra Leone, where he recently discovered his family roots
and bought a home in some property to build a hotel.
And that we always wanted to move to Sierra Leone?
Oh, yeah.
When the writers developed a present potlion in which the hand of Isaiah's character, Dr. Preston Burke,
is seriously injured and his career as put in jeopardy, gave producers an out if Isaiah suddenly decided to leave the show.
Now they could use the story line to show him the door.
Another source close to the show reveals executives already are looking at potential replacements
and said that 33-year-old soul food star Boris Codgeau, who's a very light,
complex and fine-looking young man, is high on the list.
He looks, he makes Malcolm look like the bottom of my shoe on a bad day in the cornfield.
A portion of the cast feels that Patrick is responsible for the violent outpourses Isaiah
and they don't want to see the show's brilliant chemistry damaged by losing a key star.
This must be a hell of a show gay, a Grey's an anime.
So, I'm going to watch it?
I'm not.
Oh, Brittany's quick and easy plan to shape up. One's that going to start.
God.
Just amazing.
People obsessed with celebrity crap, you know?
Will it arrested for saving a dying dog?
And his picture's a little odd. What a cute puppy.
That's sad.
A little bit.
I think we need a lot more of these judgmental people they need to be dead and more of the dogs alive.
One part and not enough for Mario Lopez, who cares about him, huh?
Who?
That's that alleged rapist from that.
What was that awful show he was almost the unsaved by the bill?
Yeah, that's later.
Thanks a lot.
Under the stars.
I never got that show.
That's later or Tinkerbell, one of those.
How are we doing on a pool, by the way?
We're going to have like a gigantic number of votes to welcome me back today.
After a very well-deserved vacation, 1248, that's not so great.
It's not bad. I got five now.
So I guess Fat Boy and the Fat Family evolved with it.
Stay away from me, Fat Boy.
Your top 4th radio 560 is you AM.
Else people are ice holes.
Absolutely.
Down through the split point, Fat Boy.
I can't tolerate the gutter of a tattoo, though.
He said, honey, got money, oh, dude.
When you take them back, hit the surprises.
Got it.
Got it.
Got it.
Fat Family.
Take your clothes off, you bitches.
I'm going to hold you down, I like it too much, bitch.
Take it off a big bowl of this fat.
You can only buy this bell, if you can't tolerate that.
Fat Boy.
Fat Boy.
Fat Boy.
Fat Family.
Girls, you can have the losing fat guy.
She know how to make the bowl big fry.
Fat Family, just a shower now.
We need to skip one, don't let's go.
Do what you want.
Do what you want.
Do what you want.
Fat Family.
Fat Family.
Come on, 19 at 5.60.
WQ, don't forget, mad dog, come on, put two o'clock to power hour.
The Humper and the Mad Dog together, between four and five, and then Hank five to seven.
Pant their preview at seven o'clock, can I?
Any interest?
No.
And the panthers in Washington, Crapidels, at Washington at seven thirty.
You didn't play that bit for any particular reason, did you?
What do you mean by that?
You didn't just get another email, did you?
No.
Oh, because I did.
Saying, hear the hourlies, Pally.
You want to fasten them to me?
I'm passing them to you now, and I wrote him back.
Thanks, and where are the monthly's and stuff emailing you along.
And go away, okay?
You don't work for QA anymore, okay?
You're not connected with the show.
You've got nothing to do with us.
I know you've got an obsession, Fat Boy, but go away.
We hate you.
We can't stand you.
An addition to what's during the nine years that the show has been on this station.
And even when we begged them not to hire you, you never sold anything on the show anyway.
Except that one diner that went out of business with the a wilted brown lettuce.
Remember that place?
Yes, I do.
Go away, okay?
You and Pete Boulder, it's a match made in heaven.
Have a great life together and leave us alone.
You know, we've talked about this so many times over the years.
People, you just pray for them to go away, and they just won't do it, you know?
Here's the facts.
It says, during the year, this is a pretty sad.
Yes, it says, let's see, near larger spends is vacation last week in Miami.
Tom Brady also spent his vibe week last week in Miami.
Both come back from vacation on the fire with Brady leading his team to a win
and they're putting on an entertaining show.
Is there anything you want to come out and tell us, Neil?
Yeah, right.
Since Tom seems to spend all of his off time down here, and now we have slot machines,
this is me, and we sing more of you now?
No.
As for the pull, Matt Fudge, Aiden put her on her.
Matt Fudge, you're going to put it on?
We are there.
He claims he got a nine share on WABC.
Of course, he's on the middle of the night on Sunday night.
He also mentioned he saw Catherine Harris bumper sticker in Miami,
but didn't say a word about the Washington Post report that Republican National Committee officials
whined and dined him at the forge, which I'm sure they did.
Lastly, I listen to the blah, blah, blah, that air checks when he called you from Davenport, Iowa.
And again, when you went up to Tampa and did your show together from his studio
and you were absolutely correct, your voice is much better now than it was then.
What does that mean?
My voice is much better now than it was then.
Okay.
I can't see it's quite, you're nearly losing it.
No, actually what happens is that when you weigh about 8,000 pounds, which I did back in those days,
it constricts your balls, you know, and you start talking like that.
I wonder what his excuse is.
By the way, when you see these and extrapolate the actual number, how about your pardon?
As opposed to the 10 to 3 number.
When you see the actual number, no, it's a good number.
Well, what is it?
I got an 8.0.
What do you mean you got an 8.0?
I mean, I got it on the calculator. That's what I mean.
My math, I got an 8.0.
My calculations.
You got an 8.0.
My math.
So you'll have to check my math.
In other words, when I did the equation, I got an 8.0.
George got an 8.0.
Oh, let's take a look at these hourly.
Oh, God.
I'll take you one thing.
Fatboy is a pain in the ass, but he's sure more useful when ratings come up in our program director.
Hey, let's hire him.
Yeah.
You're hired, Fatboy.
Just stay out of our hair.
Look at that big finger standing up in the middle of their Monday through Friday and his chart.
On his graph.
It's a graph.
It is a graph.
Wow.
We've changed the term instead of morning drive and afternoon drive.
It's morning dive and afternoon dive.
But keep in mind that the current lineup was only in place for like a matter of moments, right?
Isn't that the excuse?
Current enough to start.
We're probably now.
Midnight to one in the morning.
This is men 2554.
Oh, and we've also got the YC-1 too.
Yes, and look at that.
Kind of like a first one.
Of course, when you look at the number of people listening, it's compared to what we got.
Morning.
I don't want to go through all of this.
Do I?
Look at that from one to five in the morning overnight.
I see they got a point.
Oh.
It's hard to do that, Joel.
They got a point.
Oh.
How do you like that?
And of course, we got a point eight.
Midnight to one in the morning.
In the case, got a four point six year.
They got a zero point five.
Wow.
Five to six in the morning.
They got a three point.
Oh.
And the big O's got a three five.
Six to seven.
He's got a three one.
They got a one six.
So the big O's holding his own, which course the else would.
Seven to eight a.m.
See how to understand this.
What does this mean?
What does this mean?
How could they have beat us in the morning if these numbers are correct?
I don't know.
They got a one seven, a one seven, and a one one in the seven to ten hours.
And we got a two five, two one, and a two eight.
So how do they have beat us?
Something stinks.
There's something really smells rotten, baby.
Something is an aroma could put you in a coma.
I'm going to move to Tacoma.
Yeah, they go.
How is that possible?
I don't get it.
It says six to ten a.m.
They got a one six and then we got a two six.
I think Clarence is, I see there's more sabotage for Kenny and Bo.
You're full of it, Clarence.
No, I mean, I got those numbers right here.
They say the same thing on that sheet.
So how's something possible?
Something's wrong somewhere.
Something stinks.
Something very actual pages in question there.
And you decide.
I decide what.
What do you decide?
I don't know.
Those arbitrains that we got.
Here's what he sent me.
Six to ten.
He's got them with a two point three.
And we got us with a two point one.
Correct.
Well, it is not correct.
That's what he sent us.
We got a two six and they got a one six.
So you're disin our morning thing now.
The new morning wrecking crew at Sports Show.
And it's wrong, Clarence.
I think he had to be taken out in the parking lot
and tart and feathered.
Of course, whipped.
No, it's you.
I'm going to send you the morning numbers, at least the currently.
Send me a bunch of crap.
Okay, whatever you got.
Just send me a file of crap.
I'll read it.
Mid days.
Here we go.
Let's do the break.
Go first.
Wow, look at that.
Look, are they making some inroads or what over there?
Mid day.
None.
And according to this, afternoons we had a two eight
and they had a one seven.
How did he ball it up so bad?
Clarence, you're an idiot.
Okay.
If Joe Bell doesn't come in here and fire his ass right now,
I want to know why.
Okay.
Are you going to tell me why?
One thing I want to know, Joe, it's.
Why?
God, get him out of there.
This kid couldn't read a book if you stuck it up his eyeball.
He's got a idea what's going on.
This is our fearless leader.
Maybe he's busy looking for another job.
We can only pray.
Maybe he was responsible for the big brawl at UM Game.
What you think?
You can't spell scum without Clarence.
26 past noon.
You follow what I'm saying?
These numbers don't match what he's doing.
Yeah.
I'll tell you what does that.
I've met his vine of great chibi from my good friends at Lou
back road chivalry where I've been buying him for over 20 years now.
I've ever checked all of them.
I just noticed it.
What?
That boy sent us a spring 2006.
Thank you, that boy.
At least I ain't even the right numbers.
Yeah, this is a train.
Sad to tie.
Yeah, he's messing with us.
Go and help that boy.
Okay, you sure?
You sure?
Just more game plan.
Okay, will you ignore him, please?
I'm begging you, please.
Ignore him.
Kill him.
Put him on a spit and roast him like a pig.
Can I get back to Lou back road something more pleasant now?
I've got my two great Corvettes in 2004 and 2005 for anybody who might be interested.
And you can't have him.
I love him.
And of course, I love Lou back road too.
That's why I keep going back and back.
I never buy a car from anybody else.
They're service, they're sales people, and selecting cars are the best.
And their prices cannot be meet anywhere in town.
They take fantastic care of me.
Give me tremendous unbeatable service.
And I'll do the same for you.
That's why I've been going back for over 20 years now.
And right now it's Lou back road chibi's race to 1000.
For the first time in their history, they're going to sell over a thousand cars in this month.
They got the largest selection of new and used cars, including the hot new Corvettes,
which you've never driven a Corvette boy you haven't lived.
They got trucks and SUVs and minipans.
The biggest selection anywhere around.
They've also got used cars starting with just $39.95.
Everyone backed by a car-fax guarantee.
Lou back road is out to sell a thousand cars this month, and they're staying open until midnight every night to get to that thousand number.
Forget the price.
Make them an offer and they'll beat any deal.
More money for your trade.
Zero percent financing rebates up to six grand.
Whatever it takes, they'll make you an offer you'd be crazy to refuse.
Only at Lou back road chibi lane with two locations further in Poppano Beach.
A quarter mile west of I-95.
We look for that big American flag.
It's bigger than your house.
And a coke on a creek on a 441 just out of the saw grass.
And don't forget they're staying open until midnight every night.
So get over to Lou back road right now.
Get the best deal you ever would have in your life on a great new Chevy.
Or check them on the wicked web at Lou back road dot com.
The biggest name of best talent to this is Neil Rogers.
440560.
You AM.
Fucking bow and embarrassment.
What a joke.
In music shows now.
George Bush is saying, so be the same.
No, I'm making them mine.
No, just anybody.
No, I'm sorry.
I can't help out there.
I'm instant in him.
That was a great?
Answer, George Bush saying,!?
Okay you'd better go, give me your keys.
The Iowa construction line has been handed down,
number 3 and outsize
I don't know what's in there.
itt your eyes.
BABY
Oh, George Bush bro.
You, you're risen.
You're sending me all of these.
You know, I don't want you yelling the other room dodges off to take a who knows what.
But you know that the facts machine sends it all at once.
It was already through there before you started complaining the first time.
And besides, you said, you don't want to want this.
Why don't you want all of these?
You said, you sent me whatever you got.
Well, I don't mean by this.
I mean, like monthly numbers.
And then if that were sent to you anymore, anything, just take it and shove it up in the
pipe.
You ripped everything out of the facts machine that I was going to send you.
Just kill him, okay?
Just take him and put him like I said on a spit, like a roasted pig.
Anyway, seven three is the actual number for what it's worth.
Yeah.
The midday number.
Is that the MSU?
You just said that for me.
So that's the MS, that's the MS right here.
Right.
Number one, dammit.
Right.
And who was second?
Oh, you don't know.
Oh, no, no, I just have ours.
Well, so how do we know we're number one?
I just figured.
Who's bringing you this information?
I'm afraid it's all part of the fat boy package.
Yeah, except that's what we said somewhere on it.
Oh.
Would you stop with him?
You know, you always had this obsession.
You just don't get it.
Oh, yeah.
You don't get it.
Your obsesis be party.
Especially when you try to throw you under the muscle that treasure island crap, you just
won't get it.
I try to tell you.
I try to warn you.
You won't listen to me.
Tell him a cormac in the independent UK rights.
Israel admits phosphorus bombs used in lesbian on.
The Israeli government has admitted for the first time that they used controversial phosphorus
bombs during its 34-day war campaign in Lebanon.
Cabinet minister Jacob Eddery confirmed that the army had used the bombs to attack military
targets during its war with his Belon, July and August.
Previously, Israel had said the bombs had only been used to mark out targets.
During the conflict, doctors in Lebanon reported treating civilians who appeared to have been
hit by the shells which lead their victims with severe chemical wounds that can be fatal.
The reports led the Lebanese President Amulahud to accuse Israel of breaching the Geneva
Convention which vans the use of white phosphorus both as an incendiary weapon against civilians
and an air tax against military forces in civilian areas.
Yesterday, reports in the Israeli Daily newspaper Haar al-Rats revealed that Mr. Eddery
confirmed a parliament last week that it had used the bombs during its operations this
summer.
He did not, however, provide details on whether it had been used in any civilian areas
but maintained that the weapons had been used according to international law.
And why is it that we have to get this information from Fatboy when our program directors
busy filling his face with lunch now?
I give up.
Speaking on behalf of the Israeli Defense Ministry, Amir Peretz, Mr. Eddery said the Israeli
army holds phosphorus munitions in different forms.
The Israeli army made use of phosphorus sheltering in the war against his Belon attacks against
military targets in open ground.
Many human rights organizations including the International Red Cross have pushed a complete
ban on using the bombs on any human rather than the protection towards the Indian
currently afforded by the Geneva Convention.
The admission of the use of the bomb comes as a 12-year-old boy was killed in Lebanon
after orders from a cluster bomb exploded in his village in Halta in southern Lebanon.
And the sound continues...
I'm dying on the hand.
And the public is like, well, what about benefit?
What's this guy to do with benefit?
I would like, uh, brand gelina.
And with a deal or no deal, right?
Absolutely.
13, 7 votes on the pool.
All I want to know, I just want to make sure that we're number one 10 to two and we're
getting that bonus coming out of my area.
All wait for someone in management to confirm that.
Somebody in management?
Ha ha ha!
Already got the, uh, facts.
The email.
Hmm.
13, 08.
We got past 13 and I think we got a shot of 15 today.
Don't you have 15 votes?
Yes, I do.
Wow.
Missed by the way, don't have any votes.
Probably because nobody knows who the hell that is.
Silly Queen versus Silly Ashat cover up his ball spot.
Sodom who say to be murdered for the GOP rights Joshua Holland on the smirkling
chimp.
So as you know, just two days before Americans go to the polls this November, a
vertisers expected one of Sodom Hussein's trials.
He and his co-defendants almost certainly get to death penalty.
You've got to be extraordinarily naive to believe that the timing isn't intentional.
For last two new cycles before the vote, pudits will point to the verdict as a tangible
sign of progress in Iraq, even as the country stands on the brink of falling into total chaos.
It's on the brink.
They had Arlen's specter on there on one of the talking head shows yesterday and he was asked,
well, do you think that Iraq is in the state of civil war now?
And he said, yes, that's all I said, yes.
The trial has been driven by politics since it's starting to go so with the much of crap
that we really don't care about.
We care about it?
No, really.
No.
Just the timing of it that looked a little bit suspect to me.
Surprise.
You know, we got two weeks from tomorrow, man.
They can come up with lots of crap between now and you know that.
Sure.
We soon it be full.
So what about those dolphins, baby?
Can you just imagine if we were listening to this four shows which were not?
Hey, do you have the FX by chance?
Do I have one?
The FX channel.
No.
Okay.
What am I missing?
Somebody naked?
Is James Trinco under naked?
No, but close, if not better.
What's the guy that's holding this?
And I can't think of his name?
Ryan Faleep, with the shirt off and glitter over his chest.
And doing what all of his chest?
Glitter, all of his chest.
Gary Glitter is on his chest.
I thought he's too old for Gary Glitter.
That's the Studio 54 movie or something.
Well, I've seen that already.
Okay. It's an Austin, Mike Myers is in that.
Yes. Right?
Yes he is.
And you know something I got all the way to the end of the movie when I showed the credits?
I had no idea that it was Mike Myers.
I was playing the owner when I was talking about it.
That's how good he is.
He is good.
Good Canadian boy, Mike Myers, eh?
You know who I saw in biography speaking of pretty people the other day?
I've seen it before.
I don't know.
Robert Wagner.
You know, if he didn't look like that when he was younger,
he couldn't have been in like lasty come home.
I'm not sure if he's as wooden as an old oak tree.
You can't complain about his personality because he doesn't have any.
And everybody loves them.
They all like him talk about RJ and one of my eyes is a great guy.
That's good.
Natalie ain't too happy about him anymore, but that's beside the point.
But I mean, you know, he is as dull and wooden and stiff as a board.
I mean, that's why Natalie liked him.
Maybe.
Twenty to one at five sixty W.C.Y.M.
Experience the difference at Mercedes-Benz of Pombo and Mercedes-Benz of Pombo
doesn't matter what time of the month he purchased the vehicle.
Whether it's one of the new 2007 Mercedes-Benz luxury sedans,
the 2007 GL class, the first Mercedes-Benz full size SUV,
or their large selection of certified pre-owned cars.
When you choose Mercedes-Benz of Pombo,
you have over 200 employees dedicated to providing comparable service,
offering expressed lube rhymes with chube,
courtesy vehicles and complimentary car wash too.
Making an appointment to their business development center,
you can even earn dealer miles just like frequent flyer miles too.
Browse Mercedes-Benz of Pombo is in direct spot with over 150 new and pre-owned vehicles,
or just go to benzpombo.com.
Experience the difference at Mercedes-Benz of Pombo,
called at 1-800-New Benz,
you'll find them at i95 and Copen's Road.
That's 1-800-New Benz for Mercedes-Benz of Pombo,
and Mercedes-Benz 0 like no other in the universe.
The biggest name of the best talents in the business is Leo Rogers,
for radio-fights to be a fan.
Leo Rogers, good!
George Rodriguez, no good!
Wait until you hear what they say,
throw them next on Mary Kid's Law.
Playic and his are special guests.
Isn't generally the gay life is more accepted?
I have no idea.
Wait a minute. What's the big deal?
What I do in my personal life is nobody's business anymore.
Not that against being gay.
I don't really have too much control over that.
It's your choice.
As a hypothetical.
Hypothetically, I'm a hypothetical.
I am.
Aha.
Girls just squirt at their foot.
Turn the other cheek and all that type of thing.
But, you get it in the mall in North Carolina too.
I get it everywhere.
Now, and I'm pretty good at hiding it, I think.
Let's take a call.
Independence, Missouri, hello.
I've been a fan for a long time.
Can I see your package?
Yeah.
Oh, it's a big one.
It is.
We'll be right back.
Oh, God.
1245 at 560 WQM.
Thank God my voice is so much better than I was back in the special
Wednesdays.
It's a squeaky, baggy voice.
Yeah.
Since the Mark Foley scandal broke earlier this month,
increasing attention has been paid to the hypocrisy of Republican leaders.
And there's a website blogactive.com.
And they're outing Republican Senator Larry Craig.
Yeah, saw that.
Told you see that?
Posted that story.
How about your pardon?
Well, it happened like last week.
You posted this story?
I did one last week.
I'll be there.
Did you read it on the ear?
No.
Who the hell knows who that is.
He's a senator.
Is he from Idaho, I think?
Yeah, he's from Idaho.
And of course, he's just another one of those.
You know, who would care if somebody is gay?
Except for the fact that they keep voting against their own interests.
You know, it's kind of like the Alice Rantell and Miss Fudge,
self-hating a fat kind of thing.
Kind of like that to you.
Speaking of gay.
Miss Michael's in the news again to see
by George Michael?
Nope.
Come on.
I thought you were on top of the heavy duty stuff.
Especially this story is where I've been.
So the late week?
George Michael, praise Mayor O'Wanna,
and apparently smoked a joint during a recently taped TV interview,
prompting criticism from anti-drug campaigners Friday in London.
British TV network ITV said the singer lit up while being interviewed
for the arts program, the South Bank show,
the interview is going to be broadcast on October 31.
This stuff keeps me sane and happy, Michael, 43 told a program.
I'd say it's a great drug, but obviously it's not very healthy.
He can't afford to smoke if he's got anything to do.
A spokeswoman for the South Bank show said the interview had been conducted
in Madrid, Spain, where Mayor O'Wanna consumption is legal.
I didn't know that.
You know that?
No.
See, you fit in like a glove over there, man.
You could be smoking a big fat one speaking in Spain.
You're leading at the fried bowl, whatever they call it.
I'm on my way to see Jose.
In September, Michael Lomps is 25 live tourists
first in 15 years in Espanya.
Earlier this month, the former Wham-Singer was given a formal warning
for possessing marriage when he had to please find him
slumped over the steering wheel of his car in North London.
He has issues.
He was also cautioned for possession of the drug in February.
Mayor O'Wanna uses can be sent up to two years in jail
for possession in Britain, though in practice,
most people found with small amounts
who just given a warning and sent out their way.
Paul Corrie, a spokesman for the mental health charity,
we think, said Michael's comments were stupid and naive.
Senators and presidents don't have men killed, Michael,
who's being naive now, K.
William Butler spoke some of the drug
to the maturity of action.
Said he was concerned about the message.
This can send out to young people.
Cannabis is illegal because it can be harmful.
It's gonna all drugs.
He said, Michael's publicist said the singer had no comment,
but he had a good time.
Aren't you excited about that?
Thrilled.
Celebrities, baby, there's Hillary.
Public inside me.
Oh God, please, please liberate and emancipate us from Hillary.
She's got two chances, none and much less than none.
Don't you think?
Absolutely.
I'm talking about winning the election.
None.
Ain't you in?
None.
Members, Sam none from Georgia?
Senator?
Someone or something you would never listen to on radio.
We got 1,332 votes.
Religious program, 468.
Rush Limbaugh, 293.
Hip-hop music, 151.
Bill O'Reilly, 118.
Heavy breathing.
George Rodriguez, 89.
You're up there in the upper level.
Neil Rogers, good.
George Rodriguez, no good.
Sports talk, 57.
Country music, 52.
Air America, 35.
I hate this poll only 31.
I'm near 2.3%.
Jazz, 16.
Classical music, 13.
Neil Rogers, now I got 6.
I got 6.
Public Radio, 3.
And Miss Fudge, so far, has got the big zero big O.
I didn't know he liked the big O.
Brock solid.
If Democrats win control of the US Congress November 7th election,
it would turn the Capitol upside down
and create a political nightmare for the already embattled president.
Bush.
If his Republicans lose the majority,
Bush would hear it newly empowered calls to withdraw US troops from Iraq,
and would suddenly face promised Democratic-led congressional investigations
with subpoena power into the unpopular war.
In all these lies, Bush was public approval ratings are below 40%.
36 to be exact and later see an end poll they showed yesterday.
Would also face Democratic demands he offered mainstream,
rather than right-wing judicial nominees if he wants them confirmed.
Bush's fellow Republicans applied a rubber stamp to much of his conservative agenda
the past six years, including tax cuts that went largely, of course, to the rich.
Poll show Democrats running a headless than three weeks before the Congress
lagging two weeks from tomorrow.
If they'd been controlled of Congress from Bush's fellow Republicans,
they would challenge Bush on France ranging from his warrantless domestic spying program
who was energy and healthcare policies.
In some ways, it would be a nightmare for Bush, but in other ways,
it could be an opportunity said Norman Ornstein, a congressional scholar
at the American Enterprise Institute.
Ornstein said Bush would announce his Democrats' soft-on terrorism
could move toward the political center and reach out to Democrats
in his final two years in office to overhaul US immigration laws
and make Lou Dobbs happy.
You watch on all those Lou Dobbs specials now on CNN
where he's screaming about the destruction of the middle class
and all these illegal aliens like George Rodriguez coming in?
I saw it, Lord.
And taking everybody's jobs and their money away from them
and making the average wage like about 40 cents an hour.
Neil Rogers!
Gooo!
George Rodriguez!
Neil Guggen!
That's what Lou Dobbs said.
It sounded like Scott A. McButt was really Lou Dobbs.
And a higher register.
All right, I'm sending you some, uh, monthly's.
And how would you pardon?
I'm sending you some things that Clarence just gave me.
Oh, that Clarence gave you?
And he actually, somebody already got their calculator out
and figured it out for him?
Hey, Clarence!
You're leaving it.
OK, you've got a Clarence? You're frerry.
He is as slow as molasses, man.
Not to mention ugly.
OK, if he looked at it, that would be one thing, but he's ugly.
And annoying.
He's not just ordinary ugly.
I mean, a lot of us are ugly, but he's ugly in a annoying way,
you know what I'm saying?
No.
You look at him and you think, oh, that's a sports nerd.
Let's say he's on his cane's games and the cane stuff, you know?
That was ugly that scene last weekend.
What does Donna Shaleighly have to say about that?
I wish she called up for Ted Footney.
They were Ted Footney, huh?
Do we still have that?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, we are.
Oh, I love it.
Robert Parker, careful.
Oh, yeah, I'm going to show you.
I want to scholarship the other day.
The fewer them said we need you to play.
They made an offer that I thought was cool.
Just when it's with Paul, it's so bad about school, he's sad foot.
He's sad foot.
See, now, Bokar Brian chickening sounds better
than I've two aint did back then.
I like that.
He's a big blow.
Doesn't he?
He does.
He does better every year.
Every minute.
I'm serious.
He's gotten so much better when you play some of that old stuff.
I mean, of course he has some of that rinky, dinky equipment, you know, back in the evening
before I sprung with a big bus to buy him a good whatever he's got.
State of the art recording studio.
Yeah.
Like, what is one of the real old ones he's got where he can hear the difference there
there?
Oh, like it's the talent.
It would be a perfect example.
Is that it?
Oh, yeah.
Trust me.
OK.
I'm all in play.
I'm going to clear you, Ron.
Let's see.
It's George's birthday.
That's not the one.
No.
And 16.
You can't play that no more.
What about this one?
Yeah.
It's like chopstick.
Being played with chopsticks.
He's eating.
I want ice cream now.
OK.
That one.
There was another one.
It was even more rinky, dinky, rinky, dinky, you know that?
I can't think of what it was.
OK.
Here's some numbers that George has faxed me on my rinky tinky new fax machine.
Let's see.
WNBM.
Why do we care about that?
Oh, I see.
This is a 10-A to 2-P-N.
Whatever.
Why do I care about 2 to 4?
Whatever he gave me a fax to 2.
Oh, Jesus.
God.
I know how much you like wasting things.
You're not a two-usual standard.
You know what?
I didn't even look at it.
I just stuck it in the machine and said, well, what the hell would you do that for?
Just because that jackass brought this stuff in there.
Let me just tell you what.
It had to be good.
You're not yours.
Go.
Oh, George Rodriguez still good.
God.
Oh, no.
Come on.
You could see how this fax machine works in with this cry.
I'm ready.
Two to four.
OK.
Big was number one.
This is men 2554 target demographic.
For those ratings, exports out there.
For the people I've trained in these ratings over the years.
Big is got a what?
Eight.
Between 204?
Eight point.
Oh, heavy duty.
That's why I'm trying to tell you we need to see the attended two in your
cinema. All this other crap. I don't want to care about you.
It's all in there. This is all sports garbage. Oh, sorry for the redundancy.
What do we got between two and four here? Where the hell are we?
We're number as time for 16th with a two two. We got a two two man.
And Mad Dog never looked better than a two two. Because that's up from those
guilty numbers zero is on one. And of course, somebody else who was in it earlier.
Four to seven. Big. Well, a big head of a giant. I said a lot of wide diaries over there.
Nice. Go on people. You must have fat boy. Right when diaries.
Seven point seven. Where is the QM in the afternoon? Where? And what about two to four
for other? The goi them across the street there.
Rancid. Or did they make the cut? Are they on here at all?
As I and Z with a one point six. Oh, I owe two point. Oh, how do you like that?
Two to four. What do we have again? I forgot. Oh, right, right, right above them.
Two two and a two. It's a tight two. Let's see four to seven.
Where the hell are we? Are we in the 18th? Two point three. And we actually 20th with a one point nine.
Pretty tight. That's that big bogus August. Once that drops out of there, they're going to drop like a rock.
There's more numbers. Oh, man. I'm not sure what you think.
Of course, the the 10 to two numbers are lost in the stack because those of at least important ones on the station.
That was sarcasm. Five to seven in the morning.
How one oh five has got 11.1 man. Those hip hoppers are up early.
They're hopping on it early. 11.1. Now do you believe that between
Christmas? Nobody listening? Well, that's just it. How many people is that count?
About 30, man. Big is a six four is number two in that hour.
And those two hours. Where's a big oh? Where is the big oh, huh?
Maybe he's not as rock solid. I thought he was. I'm looking for you.
We always got a one one. Oh my God between five and seven and morning.
That's weak. A one one.
Woo.
Week. And where's our buddies across the street?
But they make the cut. They're on the they're on the list. Do you see them? Five to seven.
And don't wrong. They got a two six. They kicked his ass.
They kicked your ass. Oh, no, you're not rock solid.
I do like that. You're looking lower and they're higher.
Yeah, they're much higher. They're like number 12.
And he's number eight million. He's number a time for 20.
He turned. Oh my God. That's bad.
What's this coming now? Is this something I might be interested in like some of the time
that we care about? Well, seven to ten in the morning.
Seven to 10 a.m. How long? Five's on eight eight.
Big eight oh, that's your buddies who do real well when strings on serious.
W. West E.J. a six nine. A radio on more five six.
Where the hell are we? Six to ten in the morning.
Wassy's got a two six and we got a two two three.
Mew. This still don't give me the mufflies by the way.
This is the summer rating book. Right. No, we don't have the mufflies.
And of course, after the break, maybe then we'll finally get around a midday,
which of course doesn't come for anything because it's number one of the biggest names.
So that's the challenge. Pull it straight by the line.
For sure, it's not the parents.
The issue A.m.
It's the one to do our.
St. Louis.
St. Louis.
St. Louis.
St. Louis.
St. Louis.
St. Louis.
St. Louis.
St. Louis.
St. Louis.
St. Louis.
St. Louis.
St. Louis.
St. Louis.
St. Louis.
St. Louis.
St. Louis.
St. Louis.
St. Louis.
St. Louis.
St. Louis.
St. Louis.
St. Louis.
St. Louis.
I'm gonna go to the next room.
I'm gonna go to the next room.
I'm gonna go to the next room.
I'm gonna go to the next room.
I'm gonna go to the next room.
I'm gonna go to the next room.
I'm gonna go to the next room.
I'm gonna go to the next room.
I'm gonna go to the next room.
I'm gonna go to the next room.
I'm gonna go to the next room.
I'm gonna go to the next room.
I'm gonna go to the next room.
I'm gonna go to the next room.
I'm gonna go to the next room.
Sounds like we've counted down to a flipper thrashing around.
Come on, you can come up for air now, Luke.
Let's see, 10 to 2, min 2554, the summer waiting book,
number 1 WQAM.
I told you parents are spermers.
I said, dang sure, okay.
Nice job, George.
We're number 1, David and you.
Nice job, Neil.
And Josh.
Nice job, Book of Brian.
Nice job, Clarence.
Not.
Let's see, QM has got it.
We got a 7-3.
Now, what you just said before, that's for your hand.
Yes. Well, I didn't have this copy.
I had this.
You had the boy copy.
You're gonna have to send you to that, this boy.
Would you forget about it?
Listen, I want Josh to take that machete that's sitting on top of that cabinet.
I got rid of it.
I wonder, Claren, why you over the head with it?
Stop.
Enough of the fat boy, okay?
QM7-3, big 5-7.
We kicked their ass man.
How about the 5-6?
Seeing him QFM5-5.
Life of 5-2.
WIOD was tied for 7th with a 4-2.
So we had a 7-3 and they had a 4-2 that includes a rush.
Wow.
How the mighty hell with the fat have fallen, you know what?
Waxies, number 19 in midday, they got a 1-7.
Woo!
We got a 7-3, they got a 1-7.
It's getting really tight there in midday, Joel.
Not and never will.
And WINZ, Skier America's 24th of the day, a 1-1.
Al, Frank, and.
For 2-1 in a year.
Nice going Al.
I'd rather have the 2-1 in the 1-1.
You know what?
You could have the 7-3, I'll take the 1-1 and the 2-1.
13, I've heard in 68 votes on the poll, I told you it would make 14.
And I thought we had a shot of 15 there, but Josh, you're quit leaning on it.
I really don't care what you do because I want the ice cream.
Don't do it.
Don't do what?
Ice cream.
Why not?
You're ice cream, you scream.
We all scream for ice cream.
One of two things out of the shot and Sherefeele out of Alabama has died.
Point to MSNBC.
Fairfield, Alabama.
Have you heard that?
No.
Now you're not fixing me more numbers are you?
No.
Because there's something that you can do over with the way you know I'm going to be really upset.
I beg your pardon?
We'll still waiting for the mug please.
And they're working on it.
Come on, you can go ahead.
Here's a page that says, I105 is old R&B.
I call it the anti-hip hop station says, Earl.
Well, thanks, Earl.
It's old R&B.
I would know because I don't listen to I105 and have it in, oh, I don't know, a long time.
Have you?
You talking to Josh?
I'm talking to anybody either one or anybody who will respond.
I don't care if it was back in my pocket of Josh.
Next to me.
That's not my bag, baby.
By the way, my friend Dick Feinberg had a partner who's a great guy.
We're having dinner and he says, you know, he says the average listener out there, they really can't tell.
He says, but you know, when he've listened as long as I have, you can tell when you and Georgia are in the same studio doing the show.
Yeah.
Which he thought that a week ago Friday, remember you went out at one?
And he was positive that I was doing the show down there.
Uh-huh.
And I said, right, sorry, Dick.
Good guy, but thinks he knows a little bit.
Nobody knows how.
He can tell when we're sitting there like making eyeball contact.
Which quite frankly, I think we would both pass on that.
Bush's family profits from the no child left behind act, a company headed by President Bush's brother,
and partly owned by his parents is benefiting from Republican connections and federal dollars,
targeted for economically disadvantaged students that have been no child left behind act.
Isn't that what Mark Foley was supposed to do? No child left behind?
Right.
With investments from his parents, George Herbert Walker and Barbara Bush and other backers,
Neil Bush's company Ignite Learning, has tightstaged its products in 40 U.S. school districts and outfands to market internationally.
At least 13 U.S. school districts have used federal funds available through the President's signature education reform.
The no child left behind act in 2001 to buy Ignite's portable learning centers at 3,800 bucks a piece.
The law provides federal funds to help school districts better serve disadvantaged students and improve their performance,
especially in reading and math, but Ignite does not offer reading instruction and its math program will not be available till next year.
Neil Bush said in the emails of the times that Ignite's program had demonstrated success in improving the test scores of economically disadvantaged children.
He also said political influence had not played a role in Ignite's rapid growth. Right.
Interviews and a review of school district documents obtained under the Freedom of Information Act found that educators and legal experts were sharply divided over whether Ignite's products were worth their cost or qualified under the no child law.
The federal law requires schools to show their meeting educational standards or risk losing critical funding if students fail to meet annual performance schools and reading and math test schools must supplement their educational offerings with tutoring and other special programs.
Most of Ignite's businesses have been obtained through a sole source contract without competitive bidding.
Neil Bush has been directly involved in marketing the product and the beat goes on.
In a rich good richer at everybody else. That's it. That's a raspberry.
Little one. By the way, I'm not really too happy with my GT Express.
No. Now maybe maybe it's the egg beaters that I'm using now, but they stick. In other words, when I use regular eggs, they're always like, you know, like you'd expect them to announce that you've shared with the law.
And before you use it, they slide right off the regular right off before you eat them. And after as well, but the beaters stick, but the egg beaters like they stick to the bottom and you, you take your spatula and you're like, it's like a, a millage of mongue you get out of there, you know, have you tried Pam?
Who she suds wife. Now, why is Pam going to make any difference? Because it's what it's made for is to keep stuff from sticking. It's not going to work. Okay. I'll try it though. I'll go out and get a can of Pam today. I'll get Pam's can.
And if it doesn't work, you can always help it. You know, those those inhalants. Don't get on your face. That egg beaters. Yeah. You're sick. You're really sick.
It's one thing about George. He lives in he is on another planet. Ronnie or if he's on Uranus, he is just just in a different existence. No question about that.
So it makes him so intriguing and bizarre and really sick. Sick. Anyway, since then, after when we got mad dog coming up to us, he can French about that. It's all been blinded again. We're going to see where curse down here.
It can act like a man. Six maybe to say the same an era, I think is over before we've ever got started. Even Josh would agree with that. Yeah. Who's the new coach going to be? Come on. Let's let's have the press conference at 130. That'll get us out of here early. Let's have a 130 press conference to introduce to the audience. The new dolphin coaching staff. What a joke.
One and six and it would be one thing if they were playing like, you know, a playoff contender schedule, but they're playing like a little girl schedule. Like they played Houston and lost. They played the Packers and lost and the only game they did win. They didn't their last that. They didn't their last to the Tennessee Titans. No less. Am I right? Yeah. You're right about that. And by all rights, they should have lost that game except for a penalty at the end of the game. They were lost that game. They'd be 0 and 7. Can you imagine? Well, I can't even imagine now the shrine and the gnashing and the.
The thrashing and the rehashing. Oh my goodness. It's going to be ugly all week long and the and in fact, you have two weeks of it. And then what's going to happen in the bears kicked their ass right there in Chicago.
And they're going to wind up being one and seven at that point at the midway point of the season out of the first eight games. One and seven. Even George knows that that sucks. And George couldn't give a crap less about any of this. So he even he knows it's pathetic. What's humiliating and disgraceful is what it is.
Oh, it'd be bad. God. I would have been really nervous there to the end of the game and looked like they were going to pull it out of there. But were you watching that Josh? Yeah. I saw that. Well, a lingo, you know, hit the goal post. Oh, yeah. There was still hope. But Joey every time he gets going through the intercepted herring. Yeah, but that wasn't his fault. That was the penalty because he actually kicked the first one. Sure. When I mean, they didn't call it. But you could see the vernal was good. Yeah. And they got the five yard penalty. It was a delay of game.
What if it was right. And yeah, he had the upright. No good.
I don't remember that. So it's making it together. They weren't even in gym class. One 13 at five 60 WQM. Let me tell you again about my good friends at Lou back road. Chevrolet about a zillion cars over there. And the reason being that nobody gives you a better deal. Nobody gives you better service. And of course nobody gives you better prices either. You can get the same spectacular treatment. I've gotten for the last 20 years when you buy over a Lou back road. And right now it's Lou back road. Chevrolet.
And it's raised to a thousand for the first time in their history. They got the biggest selection doing use cars ever including the hot new Corvettes, the ultimate sports car. The greatest vehicle that any human could possibly drive. Take it from me. They got your trucks SUVs, minivans, the biggest selection anywhere around. They've also got used cars starting at just 3,995 bucks. Every one of them back by car facts guarantee to your love doing car shopping at Lou back road. No high pressure, no BS, no games. And Lou back roads have to sell a thousand cars this month. And they're staying open until midnight every night to get to that 1000 number. Forget that.
The price make them an offer and they'll beat any deal. More money for your trade, 0% financing rebates up to 6 grand. Whatever it takes, they'll make you a deal that you won't turn down. Only at Lou back road Chevrolet with two locations are in Pomano Beach, a quarter mile west of 95 and a coconut creek on 441. Just south of the Sawgrass Expressway. Don't forget their stay open till midnight every night. So get your ass over to Lou back road right now and get an unbeatable deal on a great news. Chevy or check them on the wicked web at Lou back road dot com.
The biggest name of best talent. This is Leo Rogers. Forth radio 566.
The biggest name of best talent.
You came right and fired up here at 527 this thinking morning. I'm tired of what's going on in David. It's embarrassing. Get it fixed already. Have a heart out there.
And it's so sick and embarrassing every time the head coach gets up there after another stupid loss and I'm proud of my team.
What kind of representative are you? That's not real. You're an embarrassment.
It's the big or landed well, cigarette 420 516 Q.A.
A stench of cow manure covers over this performance by the dolphin.
Oh, all right.
Well, if you are an old timer, then you know what I'm gonna get us, Hymer.
There's a brand new wonder drug that's coming on. As your grandson, if you can use his bomb.
My doctor gets called me on the phone. The elderly must get stolen. Well, get stolen before the early bird buffet.
You'll sit there and you'll eat yellow all day. Get stolen and drive even slower in your car.
Get stolen and watch the jeopardy wheel of fortune hour. Does Medicare cover home run?
The elderly must get stolen.
You don't get all the bills.
Remember who I fight, boy? A wolf fat? Yeah.
We could add a character on our show called MoFat. I'm just thinking about that. I don't know why.
I just sent you the hour monthlies and I have the vaccine monthlies too if you want those save them.
Yeah, go ahead. Go ahead and somewhere where you got it. I enjoy seeing this fast machine cute those things out.
I asked you this once before and I guess you just grew up in a different era.
When I was a kid in the basement in Rochester, we had, I don't know what that we were, like newsletters that we did for school.
Like gelatin, like a gelatin printing press. You know what I'm talking about?
Okay. What do they call that? A ditto machine.
Yeah, a lot like that. And you'd like to write something out and then you'd make a copy of it in the gelatin, like in gelo.
Right? You know, like the gelo that your wife is poisoning with the press on any freeze.
Right. Did you ever do that? Did you ever have those?
Well, that's kind of like a step away from this very limited individual facts machine mom.
But you know something there's nothing wrong with it works just fine. Just slow.
Yeah, it's a little slow. So what's a big deal? So the next time the numbers come out, I, you know, I don't need all those pages anyway.
All right. That's what Mark Foley said. Just one will do.
Yeah, I don't think he said that. One hot one will do.
It's so long. I get to be 18 and he'll do them all. I heard you said, oh, puppy.
I was speaking of that highly appreased accused of abuse of apologizing to parishioners and like that priest over at multistat about Mark Foley.
She I thought he liked it. It seemed to be enjoying it made all the right sounds.
Oh my God. And all day well, nevertheless.
A highly appreased to resign earlier this month amid allegations that he sexually abused an altar boy admitted to errors of judgment and apologized by a letter read to parishioners during Sunday Mass.
Reverend Gustavo Miaores who has been a staple at a macro conception church for the past 15 years agreed to resign.
How come we never heard any more about that semester at what was the school Josh in crossbranx?
There was ramblewood elementary. Yeah. How come we never heard any more about that? They made a big deal. But you want to know why?
Why? Because I switched over from MSNBC. I made the fatal mistake of switching back over to CNN again. Bad, bad move. I have to check that out.
For many years, I've been deeply plagued by the events. Miaores wrote the letter read by Philippi Estevez.
I was the only vision for the art slices of Mami. If you're sending me any more numbers, man, they're like, they're not happening.
Sending page. Oh. I prayed for God's guidance. The only conclusion that I could reach was that I had to be true to Christ, my priesthood, and you, my beloved community, and explain to all concerned my sincere regret.
And repentance for any pain brought on by errors of judgment that I may wrote, Miaores, who would not publicly contested the allegations that he agreed to step down.
When they say that they've only scratched the tip of the iceberg in this prescanal, it's not even close. Not even the tip. You don't like the tip of a sharp pencil.
That tip. Of course, I'm sure that the father's touched a few tips in his time. But they liked it.
But they enjoyed it. Miaores admitted to be wrong doing it as a letter brought to read reactions from many sitting in the wooden pews of the church on West First Avenue. This is in a higher lea.
Many parishioners declined to comment angered by the attention the cases brought to father Gus, as he was affectionately called.
Hey, pop. According to lawsuit, found in Dave County, a circuit court, the former altar boy identified as John Doe number 25, claims he was sexually assaulted by Miaores, and the Reverend Pedro Jove, while attending summer camp in 81, it's invents the DePaul Regional Seminary, invoient in Beach.
John Doe, who was around 14 at the time, religiously, this included fondling, oral sex, and sodomy. Miaores had not been among the priest purged by the arstice he's following the 2002 nationwide abuse scandal. There had been no complaints in his file at that time.
An investigation of the matter has been undertaken by Miaores Bishop John C. Feburole, a wrote in a letter, also read Sunday to parishers.
Father Miaores and I have met. He decided to resign from the parish and seek appropriate help. Finding a replacement from Miaores is likely to take another month of Bishop said, the truth makes us free, as the best that I've ever met. The truth is he'll set you free, and how about an altar boy for me? He said, I had nothing that's happening. Can I take a look at it? It's done sentence, so.
Oh, Reverend, I'm going to be empty when I just said, so you need to get one of those good ones. I think that tears it.
Ribbon empty? How many pages do you send me like about I would say, about 30, man, all together today? Yeah, maybe. Well, that's how long the ribbon is going to last. I think I didn't get to get the job done. I'll toss that expensive. Expense my ass.
I was speaking of ass, this Madonna thing, of course, no show would be complete without a Madonna story, right? The father of the Malawian boy, Madonna, plans to adopt and added a fresh twist to the saga saying he never intended to son to be adopted by the pop diva by that bitch, but only for her to raise the child in his behalf.
See, you know, she's getting a lot of crap and deservedly so because everything she does is just not a publicity stunt, right? But what about the father? He couldn't afford to raise the kid so he turned him over to the orphanage.
Well, if you can't afford to raise the kid, don't have one. Don't be making babies. He can't afford it. That's not what the cat likes say. Oh, that's what I say, George.
In an interview with Reuters TV in his home village of La Ponga on Saturday, Johannie Bondus said Madonna asked that to be able to raise his one year old son on his behalf rather than the child should become her own.
Bandist, and it is a major shift from his earlier remarks last week. And he reeled against human rights groups that have gone to court to stop Madonna from adopting his son, David.
Had they told his Madonna wanted to adopt my son and make him her own son, we would not have agreed to that bandist and his local language of Chichua.
Chichua, I don't know what that is. Some crap. It would have been better for him to continue staying at the orphanage because I see no reason one of my show outs are be given away for everyone. I can feed him. He said, see it contrary to what you were just a mouth and off about. He can feed him.
Madonna is angry. Right groups with her plan to adopt young David Van der who left his native country on two day last week for the entertainers home in London after she was granted temporary adoption rights by my lawyer authorities.
Another publicity stunt, you know, just like Michael Jackson, the same same crap. Only he might have a better faith than if Michael Jackson would not have been asked to understand who knows who knows who the kid might like it.
He liked it. That's what Michael said. Hey, Mikey. Yeah, he liked it. He helped try anything. Someone or something you would never listen to on radio. 14, 103 votes. Man, I'm going to tell you if Josh would have been so whipped up about that damn book or lucky victory. What is your luck out on that?
Hey, call what you want? What? What? I said they sure made a phenomenal comeback. That's right. I said they looked out. Look at that. John Spencer, the candidate in New York. Have you ever seen a picture of Hillary back then? Wow. I don't know why Bill married her. Now he started to attack the fact that she's an ugly bitch. An ice princess, you know, desperate. I mean, who now ever heard of John Spencer? I heard of Spencer Davis. Yeah, I heard. I heard a jury. I heard a Spencer, the car wash guy Spencer for a higher, right? Yeah. Robert Wagner.
I mean, I was just just amazes me and you know something? The fed their own reason he was good in the arson power is because he is so wouldn't. You know what I mean? That was the role he played. Oh, you forgot one, by the way. What's that?
You got to know this because it's really, really old.
I haven't had no idea what that is. Tracey's theme by Spencer Ross in 1960. Spencer Ross was a big head racing from Roosevelt with Spencer Ross to stand virgin. I can see it now. Racing from the Oscars. I'll take you a minute. I never heard of it. But 1406 religious program 493 Rush Limbaugh 311. We kicked his ass by when little George kicked his ass.
Despite of whatever Scotty Max is about you being so bad. I told him to say that. I know that. That's why it's funny. Jesus boy, you are really.
George has been telling me off the earth. I'm whatever is going on with you. George has got issues. No question. Hip hop music 160 Bill or Riley 129. But there's swallowing.
Oh, John. What do you want to do?
George Rodriguez 91 sports sports talk. Without a warning. You put that on there in two Senate debates.
Country music 54 air America scare America 35. I hate this point. Only a few to 31 2.2%. She has 16 classical music 13 Neil Rogers.
She's seven. Matt Rogers got five. She's right on my butt and public radio only three out of 1406. We got a shot at like 1450.
This is what I was just do. Dr. Phil the crack at it. Staying at your house. One of them defecated in my roses. Yeah.
And another one made love to my lawn cherub deal with it. What? Yeah, what am I supposed to do? Get him to leave. How do you feel now? How do I feel? How do you feel when you spit in your face and calls you disgusting?
I don't want feelings therapy. I want the naked homeless guy to put his pants on and stop hoping my Chihuahua.
Hey, I'm a damn sexy.
I don't know. What do you think of this? You know, he's saying as we saw them.
She's going to be a lot of trying and crying about them dolphins. One and six and they say that air is over by by Nick. Everybody hates you like poison.
So anyway, I look at my users guy for this very primitive cheap fast machine. I got changing the ribbon. The starter ribbon.
I'm going to print up to guess how many pages what did I say? 30 pages. See, it's just now sinking in on me that you said ribbon as opposed to ink cartridge.
That's how primitive that. So I wasn't lying when I said dotting. This is like those gelatin printing presses where you save his kids.
And then it's got instructions about the. And of course, anytime you buy anything like this, they always give you a starter cartridge or a ribbon or starter something,
which is got like about 10 seconds worth of usage to it to make sure you got to go out and buy the real full size one.
Right. It's a piece of crap. Yeah. Any way. You know, you know, all I really need a big fancy printer.
I know I already got my brother. The other one I wish just fine, but it's hooked up to my computer for printing out all these great bedtime stories and stuff.
I just need a long phone connector. You know, I'm talking about. That's right. There you go. That's all I need. So I can use it as the fax machine as well.
I got the all in one baby and just toss this thing right out the window. Put it out there. Put out there and poison the pigeons on my patio.
Try to hit somebody that's walking by. This is a trauma of the good man. We don't do snow. I'm going to say Miami. Keep forgetting.
Plus I got to Tom Brady in the other room. He's hanging it out.
Nettle of Mons campaigns to Senator Jew Lieberman. The scale to account for $387,000 in petty cash disbursements. His campaign made in the final days before the state's August Democratic primary.
So this guy called the Hillary ugly. So what's the big deal with that? Nobody knows who he is. He's not a China.
In the sense of hell. So here's what he says. You know, I don't. Is she ugly? Yes. I mean, there's uglier. She does look a little like Rebecca.
DeMorna and spider what you say. I always say that just to aggravate your ass and works every time. I'm aggravated.
Whenever this much cash is floating around, it certainly raises suspicions of possible vote buying and other potentially illegal activities that the Lieberman campaign must answer said Liz DuPont deal a Lamont's social woman.
It's crucial for the public to know what they were doing with his slush fund and when they were doing it. What are they doing and one where they are doing it?
The Lieberman campaign yesterday denied any wrongdoing. Jew Lieberman spoke to him when Tommy's son, Tammy's son, said the cash payments were made to campaign coordinators in the field who then distributed money to workers who involved in canvassing efforts.
The payments to workers, many of them, students range from $5,200 a.m. and if it's a mark, I could top that.
This is just another reckless charge from a desperate campaign that's obsessed with reliving the primary so Lieberman's social women Tammy's son.
The fact is our attorney has assured us that the petty cash expenditures and the rest of our FEC report is in full compliance with law disclosure requirements just as every campaign Jew Lieberman has run for the past 18 years has been.
He's got a big whopping lead. Lamont had a trinement chance in hell.
How do you come back?
I think what he's doing is he's doing well.
Where do I go to get the record straight that I made no such comment about her being ugly?
No, she is though. You can say whatever you want. Well, not anymore, but used to be able to.
William Rivers Pitt who writes some of the best craft that we ever use on his show on our website and that I sit here and read on here.
I'm sure there are people, some of the sports nerds in the building saying, oh, the old flag is just there reads stuff on the air all day for four hours.
What kind of a show is that? What's that got to do with ball games and Josh graphs and naked guys slapping each other with towels on the ass?
Boring stuff for a bunch of old turrets. Well, guess what? Looks to me like an our demographic group, 25 to 54.
Looks to me like we did just okay, including with Georgia on there, 60% of the time even more than that in August.
How do you like that? Which means that could probably take a hell of a lot more time off starting right now and still keep our number way up there and be number one.
What do you think about that?
Starting maybe tomorrow sounds good.
In fact, maybe starting right now sounds good. The main clearance you jackass you are whizzling.
William Rivers Pitt says, I made you an event. Do I have time to do this before the break? I don't think so.
In fact, you know what? Maybe you'll be a good game or a game plan. What?
We like to play this right now and then the biggest name of this challenge is William Rogers for 20560.
Is you a man?
Play like men and they look like women.
Dallas 911, what is your emergency?
I just don't think I can take it no more.
Are you thinking about hurting yourself?
Maybe. I don't know, maybe.
Are you depressed about something? Money problems?
No, I make a half a million every Sunday, teogam paid, yo.
Kathy, she's not a woman. I'm a world class athlete. I'm ripped.
What's the problem, sir?
It's just that I've seen something so nasty that it makes life not worth living no more.
Okay, what did you say?
I saw Bill Pottfield walking out the shower.
I can't get that out of my head.
Oh, damn. Now I know what I call him, tuna.
Goodbye, cruel world.
Goodbye, cruel world.
Sir, please hang in there. We will send someone right over.
So the good news is you can go ahead and fix me whatever you like,
because I sludged the table over that's got the other, the all in one brother.
You slud it?
I slud her right over and I hooked the fast line in there.
So it just didn't work out and wait and for you and I heard the dial tone is on it.
I got that thing all ready to go.
So the important craft that you got there, which I'm sure can't be all that important.
Well done.
It's done?
Yes, as far as I know.
I'm defaceted again.
You done it again?
No, I mean I set the monthly, that's all I sent it.
But did you rescind it? That's my question.
No, yeah, here it comes.
143, a QA, I'm 17 minutes to the mad dog and I'm too soon by the way.
We seem to be having a communication problem and you can tell we're in the same room.
What?
William Rivers, Peta, major event.
He says a lot of smart people have been saying for seven years now that the number one tactic deployed by the DOP during moments of political stress is simple and straightforward.
They aim to scare the Almighty hell out of the American people.
Trumped up terrorism warnings, plastic sheeting and duct tape, mushroom clouds as proof, the list is all too long and varied only in the depths of coldly calculated depravity, displayed by those who would so fear to maintain power.
A new low it seems is about to be reached.
Stirring down the barrel of potentially historic losses in the looming midterm elections, the Republicans have chosen to fall back on their tar, tried and true method, state sponsored psychological terrorism.
In this case, the terrorism came in the form of a commercial released on Thursday that all the guarantees the spilling of oceans of American blood should Democrats find their way to victory at the polls.
Well, there's that fast-token and yours, how do you like that? It's like magic.
Five years ago, we forced the Boston Globe shortly after the terrorist attacks of 9-11, the White House had managed TV networks against using video messages for Mossama bin Laden.
Nonetheless, the new RNC Edge shows video of bin Laden and his teeth deputy, I'm in the Pymon Alzawa-Hiri, threatening the US with phrases such as,
kill the Americans and say the attacks so far are nothing compared to what you'll see next.
The end concludes with the words, these are the stakes, vote November 7.
The desperation within the GOP ranks as difficult for miss when commercials like this hit the airwaves, whether or not it'll work remains to be seen.
Americans need to ask themselves if they can trust that the GOP leadership said DNC press secretary Stacey Paxton, which is failed to keep us safe on Osama bin Laden's still on the loose, Iraq is in the middle of the civil war, and North Korea's testing nuclear weapons, people are looking for leadership not fear-mongering, she said.
The desperate, how many pages are you faxing by the way because I am sitting here here on that thing where I can't see it?
Good, God. The desperation is difficult to miss yes, but sometimes it's astonishingly obvious.
Take the following statement from Fred Barnes, executive director of the right-wing Waco factory, the weekly standard.
Barnes, every the optimist when it comes to permanent Republican control, warned the faithful in this week's addition to prepare for a total wipeout of the polls.
Of course, there's a little time left for a major event to occur, Road Barnes, toward the end of his article titled, How Bad Will It Be?
The North Korean bomb test wasn't big enough to change the course of the campaign, so Republicans may have to rely on their two-raining assets.
They have more money than the Democrats, and have owed a turnout operation second and none.
There it is right there in black and white. There's a little time left for a major event to occur, Road Barnes, who went on to lament the fact that the GOP must fall back on their two remaining assets.
Ergo a massive terrorist attack with huge casualties, and the rise of total fear among the populists as an asset in the mind of Barnes, won that sadly for Barnes doesn't seem to come to pass.
After all, there is little time left for a bloodbath to come along and rescue the Republicans.
The worst part, simple. The worst part is that few find it surprising any more to see Republicans cheerling for a devastating attack, so as to maintain power in Congress.
This from the week hep you safe party, yes, the desperation is indeed there for all to see.
Not to be the bearer of bad tidings for Mr. Barnes and the GOP, but a major event has already taken place, several of them actually.
A UK Guardian article titled, We've Lost a Battle for Baghdad, US Administrative Forces follows.
A day after George Bush conceded for the first time that America may have reached the approval of a Ted Offensive in Iraq, the Pentagon yesterday admitted defeat in its strategy of securing Baghdad.
The admission from President Bush that the US may have arrived at a turning point in this war, the Ted Offensive led to a massive loss of confidence in the American presence in Vietnam, comes during one of the deadliest months for US forces since the invasion.
Baghdad is lost and the presence comparing erective Vietnam, yes, that's a pretty major event.
The Shiite militia run by anti-American cleric Murtata Al-Sauder sees total control of the southern city of Amara on Friday reports in New York Times, and one of the bullies, the boldest acts of defiance yet by one of the country's most powerful unofficial armies.
The Moth the Army fighters storm three main police stations Friday morning, planning explosives that flatten the buildings.
The events in the city highlight the threat of wider violence between rival Shiite factions who have entrenched themselves among the majority Shiite population are blamed for the killing of rival Sunnis.
Another Iraqi city is lost and the civil war between Shiya and Sunnis now spread the civil war between Shiya and Shiya.
That one would say is also a major event. Beyond that, of course, are the casualties.
Much has been made in the media about a late of the number of American soldiers of Enkill recently.
2787 troops have been killed since the invasion was undertaken with 74 of these that's coming in the month of October alone.
As bad as this is, these numbers don't accurately reflect the calamity this war is visited upon our armed forces.
The Department of Defense's own reports tell the broader tale.
It reports from the Defense Manpower data centers lays it out in the Stark to tale.
The total number of non-mortal casualties among Americans soldiers stands at 44,799.
After this the 2787 soldiers killed, we reach 47,586.
A typical military division has between 10 and 20,000 soldiers which means the casually severed by our troops in Iraq to date,
amounted between two and four full divisions that have been damaged or ultimately erased.
The Army and Marine Corps have 13 active divisions of at the worst end of measurement.
Iraq occupation has sapped a full third of the fighting strength of the U.S. military.
It's difficult in the extreme to avoid calling this a major event.
Unfortunately for Mr. Barnes and the GOP, these aren't the kinds of events that will serve to help them at the polls.
The wretched irony, of course, is that this occupation has been used to bolster the GOP and last two elections.
The fact that Iraq has not become a catastrophe for the Republicans is in the end perhaps the most major event of mall.
What do we got on the fax machine here?
Look, please.
Well, here it is. Just reach right back.
Oh my God.
When you said 30 pages, you were just...
Are monthly and wacky's monthly.
Oh. Well, the audience don't want to hear all of this.
Five to seven a. We're in hell as well. I see. No, I don't see.
Look at that month of September. The morning we had a 0.9. Can F.E. Wright can add me? Usher is at the WACI.
That's Q.A.M. That's five to seven.
No, that's seven to ten.
Oh. Five to seven is a 0.5.
Woo! That don't sound too...
Rock solid.
To me.
Seven to ten a.m. in May and September we had a 0.9.
That's what it says here. Let's be a typo.
Ten to two we had a seven to.
Rebounding from that grotesque August when we got screwed. We got today they got the wire diaries in August and that's WACO's.
July we had a ten five. Who will wake up that drop soft next trend?
Two to four. We had a 3.9.
Well, that's a big, big jump and you can be dangerous. Somebody we know how to boost that baby up.
September nice going there mad dog.
Four to seven from a two to two to a two one.
Oh my god.
Can you know is that us? Can't be us?
Now let's take a look at your buddies over WACI.
They're overall number. They're not going anywhere. They had that big goose in August like I said.
One point six overall. Five to seven in the morning. They got a two seven. What do we have?
It's kind of fun. Oh, we had a five to seven. We had a 0.5.
Oh no.
We had a 0.9 and the seven to ten are there to two five. They kicked our ass bad.
Midday's ten to two. We had a what? We had a seven something?
Seven.
I don't know. You got it?
Yeah. I got it.
Seven to seven. They had a 0.8.
What's the point? A what's the point? Two to four. They had a one one. Isn't that the booster?
At least part of it. Yes. Four to seven. They had a one six. They suck.
Like I said, they had a one bogus a month in their August.
And now that the September king around there like falling off the face of the earth is usual.
Nice going, Joel. Keep keep pouring that money in there. And nice going home dolphin.
Excellent investment. By the way.
When you say it's a good investment. Team that's one and six now that the next seven
are is rapidly coming to a close.
Can you believe that number in the morning showing some tenets?
I think that's a record. A point. You know who really ought to be laughing up his sleeve at that?
Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Yeah.
I mean, he had some lane mostly when he was doing the two to four lane. Really lane.
Remember that? Sure.
Couple of ones. I don't think he ever under did a one though.
I don't think I don't think he ever broke.
I'm not zero yet. I'm the bottom side.
You always have number that started with at least a one.
Sometimes after the one was a point. Oh, but nevertheless.
But these guys just started. Okay.
It's a sports. And both campuses that the sports shows is where it's at.
They were the evil were the evil doers were the enemy.
Don't forget to Kim and ball morning show a seven to ten in the morning.
Be there or be square or whatever. And don't listen to that. Whoever else is on.
Who that slime ball?
Oh, man. I'm going to tell you something with this current sports mafia that we got a QM.
There's no telling how far we can go. You know.
Stop and think about it. They got a what in the month of September 8.9 and we had a seven to.
And then what was the afternoon of two something?
I already put them away. I can't stand. I can't look anymore in September.
Yeah. A three something.
That's right. Three nine. Three nine.
And that's thanks to see that's why we have mad dog back on them again.
So we can like hold on to some of these numbers here from 10 to two.
Some of them that's in Georgia's big numbers. I think for him keeps a moment. I'm going.
Okay. Let's see how many votes we got on the poll number of these numbers.
Okay. It's a summer broke. Nobody cares about the summer book. That's always a good excuse.
We always got some story. I care. Okay. We kicked ass here.
Maybe we got our ratings bonus. We were number one.
We held them up by our bootstraps. It's about time they started showing a throw a little number in there.
Okay. Throw a little number in there. Kenny. God. Point nine. My ass.
1446 votes on this poll. I bet you've heard refresher. We got even more. You know what?
Nice day. We're shooting for 14 fitting. We got 14. 47. We're going to do it.
Someone or something you would never listen to on the radio.
Religious program. Five away to help with that.
Rush Limbaugh 319 hip-hop music. 162. Bill O'Reilly. 134.
George Rodriguez in a very, very solid fifth place.
Aren't you proud? Yeah. I'm always proud.
94 votes for George. I would never listen to you.
New Rogers. Good. George Rodriguez.
No good sports. Sock 59. Come to music 57.
Scare America only 35. I hate this poll only 32. 2.2%.
Jazz 18. Who wants to hear that? That's like gloves 94.
Classical music 14. Neil Roger 7.
Mr. Roger 5 and public radio.
Solomentate trace.
The biggest name. So best talent.
That's the biggest name.
4th line.
4th line.
560.
The God.
4th spot.
You're proud.
And why can't we do it in favor?
Second poll now.
560.
The God.
560.
The God.
560.
The God.
560.
The God.
560.
The God.
560.
The God.
560.
The God.
560.
The God.
560.
560.
The God.
560.
The God.
560.
The God.
560.
The God.
560.
The God.
560.
The God.
560.
The God.
The God.
The God.
The God.
The God.
Bye.
