Yeah, well, he's not very good. He sucks. He has nothing to the telecast nothing zero
Let's have 40 people in the booth. What do you say? That was really good early in the game when they had the a mask
Cargoyeon or whoever the hell I was
They're like they have all jammed in their squeeze into the booth
Papa and Joe Joe a thysman. I don't give a crap if he's the driving race cars
I wish you would drive into the wall and kill himself. Yeah, shut him up already. I need to shut him up. Please Jesus
He's just out of control. He thinks the whole telecast we tune in to see about him
Not the game, you know, although quite frankly
Walden Merck Arkansas Randy Wooten figured he'd get at least one vote in his bid for mayor of this town of 80 people even was just his own vote
He did not now
He has to decide whether to file a formal protest Wooten got the news from his wife Roxanne and went to city hall on Wednesday to see the election results
If he saw my name with zero votes next to which he came home asked me if I voted for myself or not
I said I did said Wooten's owner of a local bar
However, points of County results before to Wednesday showing incumbent away to mage wood with 18 votes
Challenger Ronnie Chapman with 18 votes and Wooten with the big oh zero
I had at least eight or nine people that said they voted for me. So something's wrong with this picture Wooten said
Points said County Election Commissioner John away pain John away
Said the issue of been discussed the no action taking it. It's our understanding from talking with the Secretary of State's office
That a quarter to would have to be obtained or to open the machine and check the total
She said the votes were cast on electronic voting machine, but paper ballots were available
How do you like that he voted for himself and eight or nine of his buddies voted for him and he got a big nothing
Zip it. He do not not that there's any hanky spanking goes out with election with machines stuff like that right
Well, we're back up on our first we're streaming it again
We apologize to that if you just tuned it online. We're sorry all the tenia. We said we'll be sorry and
And if you just checked it online with us the good news is Drew Rosenhouse is gonna be a regular Wednesday morning feature on our morning show
Kenny and Vomorning show until it goes off the year in a few weeks
Here's the yesterday's poll result. What's your take on these poll? I mean they're doing everything they can to sabotage them
There's sandbagging. I mean as Kenny we do that stupid or what seems like a decent guy
But he must be stupid. Seems like a very nice guy. Maybe he's been in radio too long and effective his brain
I
Mean they're just leading him down to garden path although he does sound very intuitive
Must be a good actor because he sends very enthusiastic about all Drew Rosenhouse. He's a monster. He's a jackass
1436 votes. What's your take on these polls we asked yesterday?
They're fine and that commits to me. We just continue plowing right ahead. I'm running upward to inward outward in and out
1075 votes for their fine almost 75%
Once a week is good on the poll 155. That's what George and I think once a week. What's a month? Sure? What's a year?
I hate this poll 78 only 5.4 percent. That's not bad the polls suck. They suck 66 year rid of the 62 not the really big
Negatory when you got 75% say they're fine. What's the big cynus already huh? They don't even know what that mean
What's the stimulus with the polls?
What is your girlfriend Hillary again?
Who's the biggest?
And today who's the biggest?
Fony of them all
173 votes already our goal is a thousand we got a thousand seventy three. I'm going back to bed
Let me know when your sales manager comes in response to that question. Okay. He he just stone walls. He's an evil doer
Just like Josh just said that nothing could be fired and lose to Carolina and they did last night his bucks and the this guy's a loser from Carolina
172 votes who's the biggest pony of them all and by the way Joe Bell we don't do any best of meal tapes okay
This week next week maybe George ought to tell us story about Roger Magglin. I'll be happy to
The biggest one of them all he would be good on a pool and you better
Better than that. Yeah, but you know who that is. You're a pony big toss skinny pony
See I like Ranieri. I hated Roger to be honest with
Biggest one of them all is Rarsalimba and it's Pilpappan rush
443
Revert 10 Hagrid hate Ted you fairy
162 I wonder if we got that bit about
Reverend Ted oh
Come and listen to us all about a preacher named Ted the cues that I'm taking that then happen day
He said so just when your party was a super registered
Outkinsen stories it sounded pretty cool. There's a fact that says I listen online
There've been no breaks in the screen since 9.50 7 am. I tuned in sounds good. Thank you very much
You're a mystery factor whoever you are
Maybe I was just getting some bad information on the website here on my web page where that red thing kept coming on
It kept saying down down your down baby you are down
Is what it said and you see it aside?
Anyway limbaugh 443
Revented 162 hey Reverend Ted you're fairy who likes he's got a good head shoulders
Dr. Phil 125 Bill O'Reilly 123 just wanted a massage is all he wanted when you call up a gay hustler
If you wanted a massage as opposed to like a licensed masseuse, but maybe you would Bill O'Reilly 123 Oprah
That's he got my vote 69 I hate them bitch
She is
Boy 67 dog the bounty hunter only only
I know he's a crack smoking a phony I
Hate this poll only 28 to that percent and miss mark fully comes in the last I thought he was sponsoring all at
legislation about internet
harassment of kids and yada yada yada I thought that was his bag and then all of a sudden come to find out he was doing it
He's only got 27 votes. I guess he's old news now
You know mark fully who does mark fully?
We got bigger face to fry. We got a gay government. We're like a Charlie Christ with limperist
So anyway, that's our poll for today and like it or not and we're screaming everything's fine
Although we do have that I'm not getting involved though
You're the one keeps trying to get back to that crap about Drew Rosenhaus steam old. Yeah
Really frost my ass man every every time they keep announcing all these segments that's clearance again
Oh, let's have a regular segment every week. We'll have Ira windbag on every Tuesday
Wednesday will be Drew Rosenhouse every Thursday will have some old fart like Larry coca on here and like that, you know
It's a freaking
Oh Jesus
Anyway, they're doomed man. I hate to say it. They seem like you know
I mean, Bo we are with knows a good guy. We like him a lot. All of these in dollars. He's a good guy
He's you know, he's obviously helping twist the arms because he's part of that sports fraternity if not a sports show
There wouldn't be much point heaven him on there with there
Anyway, oh, I'm not talking to myself. I don't know an honest response from you because you talk up a storm before the show off the year
And then once we get on the year it's like what did I say?
What did I say nothing? Okay, and see nothing all right
Oh, by the way, let me tell you about the Christmas party the audience is invited. I'll give you the details a minute all right
If you're expecting guest this holiday season and it's a great time to dial 1 800 mattress to guarantee them a good sleep in your house
Plus its Dalmatris is 30th birthday and to celebrate Dalmatris and Simmons are offering you the lowest price of the year on the best
Selling Simmons V the rest pillow top you can choose from South Florida's biggest selection of Simmons V the rest and get
Same-day delivery like always like I've been doing for a long time called violin actress
This is one of the most pleasant one of the most simple pieces of shopping that anybody can do even a moron can do it
Call violin actress toll-free
1 800 mattress for factory direct unbeatable prices and award-winning service to with no nonsense no off-name brands
No BS with Dalmatris just choose the date and time for you new mattress delivery seven days a week from eight in the morning till 10 p.m
Even the same that it's your call
Dalmatris delivers when it's convenient for you
That's one of the many reasons by their rank number one and customer satisfaction. I've used them for years
And why everybody QM now just about is using Dalmatris
So the old mattress has had it go online and check them out at mattress.com or make that one easy call
That's all it takes one 800 mattress
1 800 MATTR ES stands that last test stands for sensational savings and stupid sales holes
He's making some plans
Thomas Neil Rogers for 20560
Know that the board even loves Neil Rogers your federal communications division
formerly the rise of broadcast engineers, but now your overlords of decency is please to announce our new
FCC morality queen. Yeah, I mean
No, he's the queen and the real church lady any man
This country was founded on good Christian values, which isn't true, but we say it was now
Ripper you are here by order to fill out additional airtime with pro-bush proper gander
HBO showtime
Sinner max stars of the rule you're all off the air to be replaced by the trimitimate work
Trimitimate mean in their father the son of the holy ghost not a ghost like Casper
But a real ghost oh that reminds me leave those stupid plumber guys on till they find the holy ghost not
Ghost like boom but the Holy Spirit himself my white blue eye Jesus
I want to cleanse his feet foot fetishes are hereby brewed
We're a burden books to starting with the Wizard of Oz
We Christians have always a that book for the longest time now something about it gave prison or something
Will have you believe gay people toss nine 11 although I did like you reversible
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
I wonder Jesus ever had wild diarrhea. What do you think what do you thought of that man?
How do you feel about the Zerid?
15 to 560 W to QM happy Tuesday November 14th we got the mad dog to the 4 to 7 noon a Polparia sports stuff
We got the power hour with Hank and the mad dog together between 4 and 5
That's the hour that everybody in the world is talking about pop pop pop pop pop pop they're talking about it
Hank over a solo between 5 and 7
Hurricane warm up at 7 o'clock that should draw some fantastic audience
UM and Alcorn state at 7 30 college basketball followed by the education
Had you like to follow that think we got problems what we do we got to do rosin us. We got 1100 and some votes already
We'll let them away. That's great in it. Yeah, so I think we can just pull up our tent right now for today and take the rest of the
Y'all I'll go find a good machine and you know, right? I'll go put it back
I had a line for that but I've been nuts it. Oh, but
Here's a fact from Tracy and Kendall she says I'd like to suggest Nancy Grace for the poll have a great day and PS high George YouTube Tracy
Good choice
Nancy Grapefri
Thank you, Fran. Thank you, Fran. Jesus folie is a $752 bill
Tony ditches folies are for each year is a cell disgusting cell
Anyway
According to the Iranian media yesterday Iranian president Mothmo Dothma Dindyja
Now there are movies now read these stories about him because I just like Santa
I'm not in the job. The code that is you. It was destined to disappear and destruction at a council meeting with Iranian ministers
The western powers created the Zionist regime in order to expand the control of their area the regime massacres
Palestinians every day. He said but since this regime is against nature
We've have so many witnesses disappearance and destruction said off Medina. Yeah
Obviously, I need the new wardrobe so speaking of wardrobe George sells me to Greg read is in the building
Reson a very expensive new suit. There's work clothes. I didn't say new
Wow, but I've had a pretty simple of the same old ones, but never the most pain for that expensive him
114 16 year old man of votes are pouring in on that poll today
Wow, I think they're scared after yesterday's poll that we might chop these polls off and you have to load up with votes
You don't have to go crazy, you know
You like to pull fine if not just lay back just relax
So anyway, speeder that WQM Christmas party what kind of a date for a Christmas party is December 4th?
Early and another event there's a picture of him in Nora on this memo and they are
I can't even make out what this is because it's a fax you sent me there
They sent a clause at a stained glass window with, you know,
Baby G's you're a scumary and Joe. He's on it. That's right. Oh my then at the bottom booze
Oh, yeah, I see the booze at the bottom. That's what's gonna attract Josh is gonna be there for that. I'm sure free booze damn right open bar
The power 96 QM crisp
Kiss Christmas party. I can't I'm not gonna go into detail question people will show up. You're not invited
Okay, I did that last year the year before I was joking about it was gonna tell people and read that all bent out of shape
Wow, it's not open to the public and screw you Greg up yours
Proper dress requires so if I come down for the party, I wear a nice dress
All right, two two no not a two two I
Think Hank needs a big two two in fact Hank needs a full fold is where he needs right now a double-wide
Oh
Doug you talked about losing some weight no, no, I mean how do you say that?
I told you I lost three people talking to them didn't help
They got mad about died and died anyway
How about that rich? You know that was your job. No, I was already done done talking to people about their weight by that
Yeah, I tried with him to it
It's nice to at the track. I tell him we don't want any rules on the table because you know
I get there early and they just get mad at you and residing tell them to take the rules off
And then he would reach back and take the up he would take the thing of rules off the table behind us before the other people would show up
And he started shoveling down. I'm sure you reached for rules all the time now, but you don't have far to reach
CNN is reporting that Senator Mel Martinez one of the most
Unconscious subhuman pieces of terror to ever dropped on the earth has been picked by President Bush to handle Republican National Committee
Martinez a Cuban-born Senator elected in 2004's ace
He is staunchly conservative on most social issues to say the least
The Senator has been the target of an FEC investigation in the under reporting a campaign that by half a million dollars and another FEC
Complaint regarding a proper solicitation of corporate donations
That's your senator Mel Martinez who named ends in a Z and it's the only reason he got elected is because he's a bigot in his name
Ends in a Z his chief legal counsel resigned early last year after became known that Martinez was responsible for the Terry Shabo talking points
Circulated among Republicans all at Simmons about Terry Andrew shoe that was him behind all that crap and of course
What can I say?
Love another 29 votes on the pool
We got the 760 friends in my space on our my space page
Mm-hmm, which Josh is for an ancient out of touch bang like me is pretty good. That is good
The online social networking phenomenon my space has come under fire
For allowing death row inmates to maintain personal profiles on the hugely popular site
At least 30
There's a waiting execution in Texas have pages on my space which is used by millions of teenagers around the world of socialize
Make friends are a 760 people are not teenagers. I don't think I don't know if any of them are I haven't checked all those things out
I don't think they are some of them are they?
We have teenagers listening to this show. Yes, you do well
They must be interested in what's going on in the world or maybe they just have very six cents a humor both
Both of the above sure groups working with crime victims have demanded that the website my space
Which is owned by Rupert Murdoch's news corporation removes these prisoners?
The profiles list the inmates hobbies and personalities and some include blogs in which prisoners relate today
They doings on death row their favorite music and films even the crimes that were convicted of
As prisoners are not allowed internet access the profiles are created managed for them by friends and relatives
We see prisoners updates in the form of letters
I think you ought to draw the line somewhere as an NDK hand director of an office at works with crime victims
He has written to my space asking the site to reconsider having pages created and maintained for convicted criminals especially murderers
You know somewhere out there in the city
There's a murderer on the loose
Do the right thing turn yourselves in right now do it
Is it within your policy to allow that I just I'm sorry. I just I can't have a break
Down from that show I'm just I'm gonna have a nervous breakdown. It's a good thing we're not playing those long-ponderous promos anymore
You know no more promos for the home. Oh
Is it within your policy to rely the glorification of killers by giving them a platform to influence young minds mr
Can wrote are the specific guidelines within my space they would prohibit giving convicted felons a platform for all the world
Let's see question mark. Uh-huh
My space has yet to be spined was request the profiles are similar to other pages on the site containing photos
Many showing the inmates in their prison uniforms and messages from their my space friends
One inmate Randy Halperin 29 who was involved in the death of a police officer rights
I think I'm a pretty funny guy. I have a wax sense of humor. I can be a big kid at heart. I'm a hopeless and I mean hopeless
Romantic he said yeah, he's hopeless
Somewhere out there. There's a you know
Hopeless murderer on the loose
Somewhere out there somebody knows something
I'll I will say this if they went to you in or they do go to you and they don't know much
If that's where they get into education and I use the term very loosely. They don't know too much believe me when I tell you
You believe me no you can't spell scum without you in
That's how much a lady boy. She's got a real sense of humor
1135 votes on the poll. What's the who's the biggest pony of them all?
Rush limbaugh man. He's got this baby nail
That was gonna touch pill poppin rush 466 votes for fat ass rush
Reverend ten Haggard 172 dr. Phil 131 boy. He I can't stand him. There's a lot of people
I don't like lately and it's not good media people I mean, you know people we see about on the news. Why is that not good? Well, it's very good
Dr. Phil 132 you see you have to feel something you know you're alive some kind of emotion whether it's love or
Discuss the revulsion or nausea like when you hear the duro's now
It's gonna be our station to be waiting morning to help destroy that morning show through Rosenhaus my ass. Jesus God
And it's your fault you didn't have a good enough talk with Kenny. I didn't have a chance
Dr. Phil 132 go right in 131 over a 76 that fat bitch
Jeb Bush fat ass jem 70 who might have talked about fat. Oh, man
I'm I well not good not good news
Missed foldies up for 32 that hypocrite dog the bounty hunter still stuck at
The only if they heard me read that story yesterday about his big crack problem and spent a two grand a month on crack cocaine
While he's a chance to ask anybody else about doing drugs and this and that all the people that tell you don't do this and don't do that
You want to know why cuz they're doing it. That's right. It's just like the Catholic church all this business about the
Gate pride parade and which they canceled by the way as you're roostle and did they they don't want you messing with those
Fags because they they want the dibs
Expressing the good looking ones like the switch guard guard the bounty 130
I hit this pool only 28 2.4% and Nancy Grace we put her on there and Nancy so far has got the
And richly deserves the biggest name so best talent
For 205 60
For David's a bitch
Oh
You can mention you can drop it you can squeeze it you can fly by that the pot
You can throw it you can throw it you can even roll it and the pot
You can really come to a struggle you can come and at the pot
Let's go to the pot
There's go to the pot
But you can take a tampon people push the chill stuff down at the pot
And you can jump your go and when they're getting off it's down in the pot
You can lose the evidence when the cops are breaking in that at the pot
Where
There go to the pot
Ah
Let's get on the end of this team
1032 28 to a load of 560 WQM happy Tuesday
Tuesday to you I think you know we took this pool once before but they hadn't really been on that line
Wasn't fear the Kenny and both take a you know survey on the morning show how the audience likes it
Okay, now they've been on for a while
And I'm thinking maybe for tomorrow we'll take a poll and ask him what their take is on the Kenny and Bull morning show with just one choice
Way too much sports
I'm just thinking out loud. I'm not gonna do that
Just something for me to think about
Because I get angry about it. I just to get angry or angry or more and more epistop but nevertheless
We're doing okay
Yeah immigrants arrested in the US may be held indefinitely on suspicion of terrorism and may not challenge their imprisonment and civilian courts
The Bush administration city as they opening a new legal fund to the fight over the rights of detainees
Which of course the Bush people so they don't have any
They ain't got no rights
In court documents filed with a fourth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Richmond, Virginia
The Justice Department said a new anti-terrorism lobbying used to hold detainees and getmo
Also applies to foreigners captured and held in the US like you know if they just have to get off a plane from like Amsterdam or somewhere like that. Yeah like
Ali salak halal marri a citizen of gutter was arrested in 2000 more while studying in the USA
He's been labeled as an enemy combatant a designation that under the law signed last month strips foreigners of the right to challenge their detention in a federal courts
That law is being used to argue that the getmo cases
But al-Mari represents the first detainee inside the U.S. to come under the new law
Aliens normally have the right to contest their imprisonment sets us when they're arrested on immigration violations or for other crimes like Georgia is going to be very soon
Right for being in legal alien
It's pretty stunning that any alien living in the U.S. can be denied this rights of Jonathan Hoffitz and attorney for al-Mari
It means any non-citizen in there are millions of them can be wished off at night and be put in detention just kind of like disappear, you know
This vanish in the thin air
The new law says the enemy combatants will be tried before military commissions not a civilian judge or jury and establishes different rules of evidence in the cases
It also prohibits detainees from challenging their detention in civilian court
In a separate court farming in Washington yesterday the justice department defended their law as constitutional and necessary
That's that Nazi that little Alberto v. O five Gonzalez. He's probably doing something with the malmartinus
The government attorney said foreign fighter. You know what I mean by doing something no what yeah
Yes, in detail government attorney said foreign fighters arrested as part of an overseas military action
They have no constitutional rights and are being afforded more legal rights than ever
In its short farming in the al-Mari case the justice department doesn't mention that al-Mari is being held
The military prison in South Carolina a fact that as attorney say affords in the same rights as anybody else being held in the U.S.
The justice department noted only that the new law applies to all enemy combatants regardless of the location of the detention the Bush administration maintains
That al-Mari is now kind of sleeper agent the defense department already review of al-Mari status and enemy combatant
To be conducted if as requested the case is thrown out of court. Oh boy. He's a sleeper agent. Maybe he's a sleeper
Wonder for the alin was about that wasn't that his movie sleepers? Yes, it was
It's too everybody for papers though. It was funny. Yeah, one of his two funny movies if you ask me
Now can you believe that he did the mass point? I do believe it
He's been guilty of making good movies in the past despite the fact that he makes our isn't gonna be all yeah, yeah, he's a nebitch
1177 or there's your anti-Samanthusism acting up again. That's what it is. He's done. He was like some
atheist. Oh, by the way
Ising thing they had there on city confidential about Madeline O'Hare and her retarded son. They're all still dead by the way
Like I'm all on well. I used to have her on a lot
Back in the back of the day. I wish you didn't even know that. Did you yeah, you told me
Had her on a show actually in the studio. We had like a widen the seat a little bit boy. She was a big big old lady
She had the big pair out to do that now. What's your thinking of either? What am I thinking? She had big balls. I know
She would read and of course on the phone
Here's a little piece of interesting trivia which I'm sure he didn't know
The day I decided never to have any more guests on a show
It was a Saturday morning. That's right. I was working Monday through Saturday
And Saturday I was doing mid-days at INZ 10 to 2 and then Saturday morning. I do like after you win
But early. I don't know when maybe we were sent to
And she was supposed to be my guest on the phone on that Saturday whenever the hell was probably 87 86 and like that
And uh, I got an inspiration
I thought you know, I've talked to her 80 million times already and she's great. She was a great guest. You know for the big mouth
But uh, well, what's the point? You know guest as it's narrow casting again just like this thing with your rosin house
It just makes me it may very angry, you know
Makes me very very angry
Because nobody will listen to me. What the hell could I possibly know?
Narrow casting today. We're gonna talk about baseball cards anybody out there doesn't care about baseball cards
Hey, we'll see tomorrow. Maybe hopefully you'll come back. Can I like that? Like that?
Mm-hmm. Remember Mr. Ego used to do those shows on baseball cards because he had his uh
Crap going in fact, I remember one day he came to work late
Because he had a flat tar on his way back from the baseball card show. Remember that at IOD? No
Now you weren't wasn't he doing afternoons when you were on or weren't working out? Yeah, he was but uh, I was a rover
So I was not necessarily working on that show, you know, you're right roving over night weekends that kind of
For people while one day he didn't happen to show up a little bit late
Because he had a flat tire coming of course he could have been coming from home
I had a flat tire, but he was coming from some baseball cards show
You know when you're working at two o'clock in the afternoon
That's not a good time to be shown up late. I can understand if you're doing a morning show
You know you need to be in there like at 5 30 in the morning and you'll restleep. I can understand that
Or if you're gonna be doing a show that starts at 10 o'clock in the morning like Marvin raw man couldn't show up on time
Because he was always over sleeping too another loser that you'd be friended
Who's the biggest phony of them all?
1184 votes of course, I think you and he had only one thing in common. I was drugs. I think that's what
But or maybe you had something go with those engines. I don't know. You never
Yeah, boy. I made out like a like a
What ever happened with that
What was in the upshot of that whole view? I don't know. We don't know that does what's the upshot in the middle of this Jones and sales
That isn't responding to your little local you left it there and I think you made that up
You know that's where I let them a big note. Well leave a big D. My
It's drop a big load on his desk back there. Maybe that might wake him up. Oh, do you there's something going on? Yeah
You know with this Chris
I think that's one of the reasons why I think so many problems with this new this whole new
Sales regime good for crisp. Yeah
1184 votes biggest phony of them all is wrestling ball
Well, we already conceded to him the victory. He's got 494 votes. He's got almost 42% of all the votes
Rush they hate you rush you big fat pill pop and phony you doctor shop and pill pop and
Rebred ten Haggard hundred and seventy six. He just wanted a massage
Yeah, Dr. Phil 135
Villa Riley 133 is right on Dr. Phil's ass and I'm sure wouldn't be the first time
Oprah 79 talentless bitch
Preceives going to save the world. I'm going to say again the fact that they had her speaking there yesterday at that
Attribute to Martin Luther King Jr. That was just it was nauseating
nauseating like who the hell is she she's some teeny bimbo bitch
Oh, here's Oprah. She's like, you know anybody that's got like one name
Be very nervous about people with like one name, you know what I mean like anybody else but not her
You have a ton of be nervous about her adopting them black kids share share. Oh, I'd be real nervous about her
Jeb Bush your fat ass governor 74 total phony with a totally dysfunctional family
Helped fix that 2000 election. Jimmy says we got it. Jimmy says we got it
Mark Foley. He's got 33. She likes him young and hung dog the bounty hunter is stuck there on
Turn him down all about
I hate this pool 29 2.4 percent and I guess I guess a Tracy and Kendall must have at least she voted for her choice that she facts to
Nancy Grace
Solamente una
Roger sports radio 560
Yeah, honey junior at my junior honey
One pill make you growzy
And then also
Make you high
In the waters my house made game name
But maybe it should be all the time
I'm a girl asked me
You know, she'll keep you well supply
Founding them
He'll be very
Bring me to a higher
Plane and I can have a dream
You're not getting posted
Thanks to my friends in a higher moral place
For as woman
Can't get you some worse than a handful of
Balls
I'm back by some of the kids and ready to build goals of it's the first you never see in other the center's friends
Let's extract the goal that if they're cheap and don't make the proceeds to the currency
As a show of life support for our glorious leader
Oh, as will
You'll get you through your show
By putting the logic out of proportion
To justify your
H
Out my ass
I'm talking backwards my middle head
They both go
Yes
Remember what's
Worm
Oh
Drug of viewers should be
But
Okay, let's catch him off guard. Here's a call QA hello. See there's nobody on it. Huh
I turned the monitor on just to make sure that there wasn't anybody going to want to take any chance to see what this monitor looks like
We mean by that or just all kinds of double and triple images that has an orp in a dog's age really oh, yeah
Are you starting again now what was Chris Jones response to your message by the way
13 before 11 at 560 WN the home of total indifference man. We just don't care. How do you like that? We don't care
You got a problem with us. We don't care. Got a problem with life. We still don't care
Gate leaders on third day of last week canceled the parade. Here's the story. I was looking for and I found it
Canceled a parade in Jerusalem amid security concerns. I mean here's one for the poll
Jesse Jackson without the biggest pony somebody says thank you Tom put Jesse on air. Jesse and his love child
We're doing it again by just way yesterday
You know some digging out a lot of old stuff here last the few days. I didn't notice that
My race well between now and the end of the year. It's like you know, it's my style of time
Call living in the past. Oh look at that. They're called like crazy now two-way and most are I'm not taking any more calls
What in fact, I better reach over and shut that thing off
I did
Game leaders last Thursday canceled the parade in Jerusalem amid security concerns and pressure from fundamentalist religious leaders who call such a public display in the holy city offensive
offensive
They as mere
The gate pride parade schedules for last Friday drew opposition from Jews Christians and Muslims while hundreds of ultra-orthodox Jews
Then they're disappointed by clashing with police and burning trash bins in the streets several nights over the last week the real far bison
Police had planned to post 9,000 officers to protest marchers
But authorities asked organizers to scale back the gathering amid reprisal threats after errant Israeli artillery shells killed 18
Palestinians civilians and gossips on Wednesday. I know the one of those oops deals
Organizers read last Thursday to turn the public parade into a rally held inside a closed stadium
The parade this group has become a flashpoint in the battle for gay rights and Israel drawing conflicting stances from
Secular society members and influential religious guest keys a conservatives
Over time we achieved a lot more than we expected and puts us in a very good place in the cultured world said uzi
Evan a nuclear scientist something's the first open
A nuclear scientist was the first open-to-game member of Israelis Israel's problem
But now we're being dragged back into the dark world of religion
He said and I would say he is
Radio sif el-Nikabah a prominent religious leader has said allowing the parade to proceed was surrendering to mental illness
Top muslim leader said homosexualities are crime and demanded police punish those involving parade
Christian evangelical groups in Jerusalem are called the parade
Provocative and demanded the public venue be changed did it
Despite the reaction to Muslim many cities have thriving gay scenes and the Israeli military an influential and respected
Institution is banned from discriminating against gays homosexuals are dragged in the army for mandatory service
And given the opportunity to progress up the ranks up the ladder they climb up the ladder and hopefully out looking straight up
Efforts by the gay community to improve for same-sex marriage a key issue in the u.s
And euro face a major obstacle in Israel's rabbinical authorities who hold monopoly over Jewish marriage and divorce
Secular groups have been fighting to law passed in parliament permitting civil marriages
A place where gayskis go that's what is real is all about gayskis fanatics
That's what we need to be that's what they ought to be talking about the not of me even the so-called progressive Democrats
That's when nobody's talking about they don't have the balls to do it
We're in a war against religious fanatics not just against islamo fascist and muslim days where against the religious nuts
That's what it's all about here, but our nuts are the good ones
Yeah, just ask me outside. I know if you've good nuts
How we doing under pull we got twelve hundred votes yet? Well, that would be really probably 19
Holy moly rat man. Don't keep talking about the pull than they won't vote on it
A california voter is told raw story and doesn't get much more raw than this
That she was verbally intimidated and physically assaulted by a poll inspector after asking that pro-life anti-abortion stickers outside of pulling place be removed or covered
The were two cars parked in the driveway adjacent to the poll entrance which had anti-choice bumper stickers on the back windshield
When I opened the pool to write told him it was a violation of election laws to have election hearing literature within a hundred feet of the pouring place
It joseph and feathers a civil engineer elected member of the San Diego County Democratic Central Committee
The polling place which has a lamesa mailing address is located in the uncorporated area of San Diego's east County
Originally dominated by conservative Christians see what I'm saying about crazy religion is again
But like that we hate you people like poison man because hate is your game. That's the name of the game is hate
Photos indicate the presence of stickers reading pro choice. That's a lie
Babies don't choose to die and every fourth baby dies from choice on a vehicle clearly park beside the poll entrance
The california ballot included an initiative that would require parental consent for minors to obtain an abortion
Andrew Kordosky DDS owner of the property and a poll inspector for the county San Diego moved one vehicle
But declined to move the other which had a flat tire. Oh, kind like mr. Ego and away from that baseball card show
After feathers suggested that he cover the controversial stickers. He recalled he went ballistic
He got in my face and started calling me a baby killer and said if I wanted to bumper stickers covered cover them myself
Cover them with my correct. Oh man. Ask maybe it doesn't say that but I'm thinking that's what he's thinking
I asked whether we call feathers of baby killer Kordosky replied of course he is a baby killer
That's my first amendment right
He maintained that feathers should not have asked him to move his car
I didn't know when he refused to cover the stickers on the car with the flat tire. She started screaming
She got she went ballistic
Like that
According to feathers Kordosky asked for her name and occupation and called her stupid
I never screamed. I told him this was an inappropriate conversation to have at the polling place
He told me to go to hell she told roster it sounds like one of good religion's fundamentalist Christians doesn't it go to a full of
I replied that he was obviously not a religious man since he told me to go to hell
He reported I should burn in hell and get off his property immediately go that I was trespassing
At that point he shoved me pushing me backwards
After she insisted she had a right to vote in the polling place Kordosky told her she couldn't enter his home
And then he would let me vote outside she added
Kordosky denies pushing or touching feathers
He also denies that he tried to prevent her from entering the polling place
I didn't spend eight years at the University of California in the medical dental biological field
It'd be an idiot if the my age of 74 said Kordosky a retired dentist
He likes drilling them
But Robert Edo a holder who witnessed the loud verbal exchange confirmed that Kordosky initially refused to allow for this to vote
He told her to leave that's what I thought was appalling in fact
He pointed her and said you can't come into my house
Then he pointed to people behind her and said you people can come in and she can
Kordosky got in her face and told feathers you can go to hell recalled either way Republican ones are real estate development company
A third generation Japanese American whose father was a war hero during WW2 Edo said he respected feathers for speaking out
I wonder he's kind of judge Edo
He respected feathers for speaking out about something that I think is not legal
Regardless of one's personal views on abortion
Edo didn't recall seeing Kordosky push feathers
Asked if he would have felt intimidated by Kordosky's behavior high ever he said
Abso absolutely
Under California election code intimidation of voters is a pony both Kordosky and feathers
Recall that a line of approximately a dozen voters waiting outside to pull witness the
Audrication that the pulling place opened 10 to 15 minutes late
During this whole time no one had come to my defense and a few people in line started heckling me as well said feathers
Who called the register of voters or kiss on her cell phone they told me to call a police
Then a gentleman further behind me spoke up and said I had to write to vote
That was them white and one it is it was whatever color he was
Edo urged that the pulling place be opened inside both Edo and feathers noted that at least one voting machine was positioned
So that the voters privacy was not protected from onlookers
I would have felt uncomfortable city. Do it's like going into a bathroom that doesn't have any stalls
Why haven't some of those?
Lindemiller at the registrar's office declined to provide names of other voters
It's kind of hard to build glory holes though. No, I know what you do then
Whatever you can
Fathers had planned to ask for a paper ballot because she mistrusted the dive old electronic voting machines
But she noted since I was afraid that kredoski would disturb my paper ballot
I opted to use a touchscreen machine. She touched it one of the approximately five touch screens broke down when the first voter was using it
None of the machines had privacy screens. We're like sitting in going into a bathroom. We didn't have any stalls
I'd like to have a batter with those stalls there at QIM. Oh my god. So thank you. Don't go grow out
If it don't splatter what's the matter? That's what fat for you to say
Oh my god. What a what a place
What a place and so Joe Bell says hey next time you come in a town you're gonna combine see us and uh, you know like that
12
130 votes 12 30 that's the W. What is it? Which one was that?
Called her that was evident JNO in West Palm
Was 12 30 of course now the chief channel has moved them all over the world
We got JNO and JNA and JNU and J.E.W. and whatever
Jewelry so I have no idea but that's what that was 12 30 was W to JNO
not great
Okay, and at nighttime our signal was so good that you could almost hear it all the way across the lake right across the street
So
This is the new Roger show
This is your brain
Any questions?
I am here she she she has no idea where together
I see clear through to where me I see a vice
I'm flying
Sitting on a milk craze
I'm in that the first time comes
Maybe she's a part me taking off the garments that I've been up ahead of life to money is down
I am a freshman and I'm a dress man
They are enormous
A rattle case
Waiting for my thing to harden looking for job bus
If a prize on charity for a bizarre before sucks you rain
I am a freshman take off your dress man
They are enormous look at the blue look at the blue
And sexy take it while the frowns is don't you think the struggle looks for you
See how they hear like your bags of leaves with twisted eyes
I'm rising
That's sugar since you're all dressed
Jammy ever say for high
You know
She will be approaching I'm about to see it the Roger
Such a
I am a
Just man
I need a full rush
I don't understand a word in that video
You know let it go to what that's probably just as one
Love it 0-2 at 560 WQ I'm happy Tuesday to you
We got mad dog at two then that power hour then the Humper five to seven hurricane warm up. We got hurricane basketball
Now was that came a home game or is that an Alcorn state?
I know if you put a gun to my head I couldn't anywhere Alcorn state is
I may have heard of it but where is Alcorn state, John? I don't know
I would get shot in the head too but if you put it into my head you couldn't make me care
Alcorn state
I'm good with it
It's outside warm in Mississippi
Oh
And it's a treat to beat your feet on the Mississippi mud
That's what Karen said that's when you think he did me off to is it a home game or what we don't know
And we don't care do you think anybody else cares? I'll tell you one thing
You can't complain about the crowd if the uh
Panthers capitals crap on game last night which the panthers lost by the way 4-1
You can't complain about that crowd because it wasn't any or nobody there
I saw a little bit of that game. I was enough to make you a grown man cry
Want to sit down and put your head in your hand and just cry like an epitome just play was nobody's doing put in his head in his hands and crying
Oh, here's the now this is the article I wanted this is it
And why did I why do you let me be that other one of the bastard?
You are James Carroll and the Boston Globe
War religion and gay rights it was out our websites and maybe five or ten year reddit already but probably not
He says in Jerusalem Muslims in juzufam common cause attacking gay people
A gay pride parade was scheduled for friday in Palestinian areas
Muslim leaders vigorously condemned homosexuality as criminal and in ultra-orthodox
neighborhoods Jewish demonstrator stage raucous protest raucous
As the result organizes cancel the parade one of them said now we're being dragged back into the dark world of religion
Like I just read only moments ago in US elections last week while a wave of change was reversing the nation's conservative direction
A counterwave press admit to attack gays
On the ballot in eight states were amendments to finding marriages between a man and a woman a direct
Compniation of the right of homosexual couples to marry instead of those states the amendment passed
One of those was Colorado where a leader of the anti-game marriage movement pastor Ted Hagrid you fairy had the week before been forced out of his position
Instead of new life friction color or springs because of an alleged relationship with a male prostitute
Who an apostatuta in his resignation letter Hagrid confessed
I'm a deceiver and a liar
There's a part of my life that is so repulsed in the dark that have been worrying against it all my adult life
Don't listen to a story about a preacher named
In Massachusetts at last week's constitutional convention they come almost four Catholic bishops took a rare political initiative calling on Catholics to
Prejuder pressure legislators to support an anti-game marriage amendment here
The convention recess without taking action
But the bishops had demonstrated the absolute priority of rolling back the rights of gays to marry when public crises are defined by an immoral american war
Universal cuts and social services
Violence among young people resurgent nuclear arsenals rising global inequity on president and jeopardy of the earth itself
Why are the bishops obsessed with this particular question
Same sexy radical up is not the issue humans including Catholic bishops have longer accommodated it
But that accommodation assumes denial and shame
When phrase demonstrators in the streets across cultures and what shows up in the west's values politics
Mobilizing bishops is the movement to bring homosexuality out of the dark when gay people openly assert their identities as such whether through
Parades or through the demand for full and equal social recognition
Reactionaries can't stand it why
Two answers one personal and one political
The open affirmation of gay identity can pose a mortal threat to people whose own sexual identity is insecure
The Hagridster is a cautionary tale
As it happens I was present last year to hear pastor Ted preach a sermon at his mega church and an included a
Aggressive attack on homosexuals that was as venomous as it was gratuitous
He included gay sex with bestiality
Even at the time I wondered about the dark energy of his hatred that is revealed now itself hatred comes in no surprise
One need and draw a direct line from Hygrids behavior to the private morality of Catholic bishops
The sense that the church's own deepening insecurity in all matters of sexuality
Especially those surfaced by the still unresolved prices of priestly sexual abuse and children
Informs its exceptional opposition to gay rights and so in Jerusalem
The insecurities of the male establishment so dominance over women is threatened readily explored and content for any expression of gay pride
patriarchy is an issue
There's a deflection here in that point to the political use of gay bashing at the end of the Cold War when the Pentagon
Defined itself as the world's largest closet by decreeing don't ask don't tell the issue of gay's in the military was being used to deflect attention
From the military's real problem how to maintain Cold War levels of spending and a Cold War nuclear arsenal without a Cold War enemy
The real don't ask don't tell was don't ask us about our budgets and nukes and we won't tell you about the future wars
They'll enable all of the sturm and drang about gazing the military deflected American attention from the real issue of the moment and it worked
the American Cold War ethos is still with us
The human race is undergoing a massive cultural mutation the meaning of sexuality is being transformed as biology revolutionizes reproduction
Women are demanding equality across the globe
Men are being forced to reimagine their famed familiar and the social roles
Gaze and lesbians are at the center of these changes. The refusal to be silent and invisible is one of the era's great resources a
Magnificent sign of hope he writes. How you like that?
If you grow up there's some hope
There may be some people just hope to grow. I'm saying don't be a dope hope to grow
The man wants dubbed America's mayor when he just leaves me limp. Yeah
So I spend so much time limp there a lot of people leave me limp. Who?
Rudy Giuliani Rudy has taken the first effort becoming America's next president on any chances he's got let me take you the answer
Former New York City MNS because he's got no chance to getting the Republican nomination no chance at all
Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani Republican moderates he'd near mythic popularity for his hand to get the 9-11 tanks
All nearly all of it based on BS file papers Friday in New York to create the Rudy Giuliani presidential explorer tour committee ink
A copy of the document was attained by associated press
Creating an explorer to a committee doesn't automatically make him a declared candidate
But it does mean he intends to travel the country
Gaging support and preparing for a White House bid
Mara Giuliani has made a decision yet Giuliani and a spokeswoman sonny
Min delson the statement last night with the finding of this document
We've taken the necessary legal steps so an organization can be put into place and money can be raised to explore a possible
presidential run in 2008
The GOP field is expected to grow with other presidential hopefuls of course John McCain of Arizona and
Massachusetts government Romney Senator Bill Fist that anxious crook from Tennessee
Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee and New York governor George Pataki has got a personality like a dead
man
Kind of like Greg Reed dead man in a suit, you know what I'm saying?
Huh George by the way said Greg look like a clown with that silly suit on good
Democratic governor Tom Vilstack of Iowa's filed to establish a full-blown campaign committee
And will make a more formal announcement of his candidacy later this month
Giuliani has said for months that he would wait till after the 2006 elections to decide whether to embark at a White House bid
The former mayor is a moderate who supports gun control same-sex civil unions embryonic stem cell research and abortion rights
Stands that were put him in odds with the majority of DOP's conservative base. That's why he's got two chances of getting their nomination
None and much much much less than none
That could be wrong about that but nevertheless
We'll see got two years to wait now till next big election. I mean what do we do now? Yeah?
He says kill lots of people. Well, we're gonna do that
364 votes on the pool the biggest pony of them all. Let's see Nancy Grayson still in the bottom. She's got three three
Threat he's like trot on the bottom in the yogurt
Nancy Gray's three Jesse Jackson's on her only a few seconds. He's got seven already. What is she don't like?
Jesse and what kind of a stupid-ass movie lucky numbers? Sleven what what is that can you explain to me what that was?
What lucky numbers? Sleven what was that it was meant to name a movie last year? Yeah, I heard rumors that that was good
Did you see it? No, well if I see it when I be asking you
I thought you were gonna rip it. I heard it was actually good
Yeah, but I'm not ripping the movie. I have no idea whether it was good better and different what a stupid name though lucky numbers
Sleven well, what is that?
That what is that never heard of it?
Get out of here. You never heard that nope
Okay, let's get back to the pool biggest pony of mall is rush 520 go ask Wilma. She'll tell you where to get the good crap
Reverend Ted Haggard 188 self-hating you fair queen
Dr. Phil 146 Bill right. I just hopped over Dr. Phil
146 for Bill and the 145 for Phil
Oprah's got 82
Fony below any bitch fat ass jet boy 77 mark 4035 not too nearly as well as I expected
God the bounty hunters tacked out a couple more votes got 33. I
Hate this pool only 29 and we're two two that was you said before two two two point two percent
Jesse's got seven like I said Nancy Grace France. She's only got three nothing pony about her. She's in serious as I'll get out
Are you think oh yeah
me wow
What what is that all about I mean what kind of I don't know she most knows what said bitch. How about your pardon
She must know somebody she was having pictures or something she must be doing a lot of people
I'm saying that to be there on TV right on your TV right people with bad eyesight
Now she on what what's on I never watch you see an headline news
I don't know for sure for a man preventing the flu by getting a flu shot which we hope everyone has gotten by now and if you haven't
The doses are coming all the doses are coming maybe you'll get a dose before the year is out. It's only a November 14
Why do you folks are gonna get a good dose before the year is out make no mistake?
Oh there's off Medina job
I'm not in the job I'll tell you one thing Greg is a snappy adress in the him. It's about all I can say for him
So whatever happened with the our note and Chris Jones in our sales department over that
So if you you know having to with your up-to-date
All right
For radio 560
Don't know what it is but it's moving
Hi, I'm Mary Somers. Do you know
You got me talking on the passion phone
Tell me the story about how you got I got you down
Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow
Tell you once more before I hang up the phone I got you down
The lines are jammed up. Yeah, there isn't a doubt
Call up and tell me what it's all about I got you down
Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow
Oh
I'll tell you what's more before I hang up the phone I got you down
I got you there
I got you down
I got you down
Oh
I got you down
Are you sure
Here on the show there's a new topic each night
Don't you have sex with the black or blue? Why I got you down
Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow
Oh
I
Tell you what's more before I hang up the phone I got you down
1118 at 560 boys a good thing. I had that quit fingering area that one spot. Joyce might get home another shave
And like it bone right off the air
From 180 five votes on the pole. We're gonna have 1300 votes on the area in two shakes of a lambs ass
So anyway lucky numbers slavin
Must be pretty damn good 7.7 out of 10. I am the big one. Say high number
Select fun and very entertaining the only thing I'm looking at the people who are in it
Sleven the start of movie is Josh Hartnett who leaves me very limp
Bruce Willis
Lucy Lou Morgan Freeman Ben Kingsley plays the rabbi
Michael Rubinfield plays Yitzhawk. Oh boy
Plot outline occasion mistaken identity lands slavin Josh Hartnett in the middle of a war being plotted by two of the cities most rival crime bosses
The rabbi Ben Kingsley and the boss Morgan Freeman
Slavin is under constant surveillance by relentless detective
Burkowski Stanley Tucci as well as the infamous assassin good cat played by the umptuous Bruce Willis and finds himself having to
Hatch his own ingenious plot to get them before they give him
But to be pitiful select fun and very entertaining a first review on here 10 out of 10. How do you like that? Wow
heavy duty
trivia Josh Hartnett lived with director Paul McGougan and his girlfriend in New York while the script was being written
McGougan the city thought of having a son and were a towel
A lot of the time because he saw Hartnett and once so often more so than the vulnerable quality to him. I see any can you practically?
So anyway, there is a what that's all about looking at number seven good movie bad bad titles stupid
sudden my ass
Club 90 on the pool
Oil consuming giants the US in China along with oil producing
Behemoth Saudi Arabia
Rank them on the world's worst countries dealing with climate change and new reports is all these reports so many reports in so little time you know
They're dependent on fossil fuels coupled with some sea short-setted energy policies earned them the dubious distinction
Of placing at-bearing near the bottom of a survey of 56 industrialized or industrializing nations it said
The US the world's leading polluter rank 53rd in the annual study by German watch a German environmental group released
On the sidelines of Ewan climate change conference
Saudi Arabia placed dead last while China fell from 29 on last year's list to 54th
According to survey based on the valuation of greenhouse gas emissions and climate policies
The US is refused to accept mandatory cuts of the emissions blamed for the earth's rising temperatures
And is consistently rated poorly on environmental policy matters according to the group
Because it's bad for big business anything that's bad for big business the US don't want no part of screw you guys
Saudi Arabia meanwhile was chided for its poor national and international climate policy and energy inefficiency
Experts suggest that China the world's number two polluter
Tumbled so significantly because of its growing dependence on carbon intensive electricity generation the fuel is exploding economy
At the upper end of the scale seven European countries led by Sweden, Britain, Denmark respectively and trio of developing economies
Argentina, Braithville and India were deemed among the top 10
Others in the top 10 were Malta, Germany, Hungary and Switzerland, Shvice
While France ranked number 12 leading the other group to call for Europe to take the lead and go blow efforts to combat climate change
It is clear from the study of coalition of European countries and some of the large developing countries
Knows what leading environmental policy should take the helm of a coalition to build our future climate regime on German watch policy director
Christopher Boles said
VALS how would you say it balls sure at the same time he lamented that even the effort of the top scores went on up to effectively
Curbin reversed old the warming there is no winner balls said leader sweeten is the only one-eyed king among the blind
So one-eyed snake the study looked at greenhouse gas emissions over the past year over the past five years and environmental climate policies
Only countries that released more than one percent share of all greenhouse gas emissions and rapidly developing economies are targeted by the evaluation
So US near the bottom
Sweden at the top
Now let's see what was the movie I watched last night?
It wasn't a movie was a story about the true story it wasn't movie. That's a bad movie
Return of what then was it?
Dracula? No
I'll tell you
One more please
I get it
The return of Alex Kelly. He was a
Ray Pist and Connecticut. Oh, it's a true story they brought him back you rate two chicks and a very wealthy family
And of course they sent him over to where Europe to first to Switzerland and then to Sweden where he met some hot
She wasn't really very hot in the movie anyway
met some blonde chick and then finally the FBI tracking down they brought him back to go on trial and yada yada
is it was
poorly done
I
Mean it's a good story it's a compelling story, but weekly then movie you don't need to see it return of Alex Kelly all right
Senator julieberman of Connecticut said yesterday that he will caucus would say the Democrats in the new Congress but
He would not rule out switching to Republican caucus if he starts feeling uncomfortable among Democrats
How do you like that turncoat bastard
Oh
Mumbling turncoat
Liberman and Democrat who won elections independent also said he wants to be called an independent Democrat
I got other things to call him like smuggagish lamio shlamazal now. He's got mazel all right
Shwindrick a
Strong backer the Iraq war Liberman was returned to office on election day with strong COP support
He ran his independent after he lost the Democratic Premon Augustine edalamon
What if net is uh is kind to uh you were supposed to look at obvious today?
Lamont crants in the shadow who they have Lamont
He said on yesterday's which I turned it off as soon as I saw him on there that never sure I turned it right off
He was under the press
That he will begin his new term as the Democrat
Because it would make him part of the congressional leadership
The senator is in line to become chairman of the Homeland Security and governmental affairs committee oive
I'm going to caucus with the Democrats both because it's good for my constituents in Connecticut
It would be nice to me he is such a worthy wimpy piece of cured man
He said that because voters returning to capitol hills and independent. I'm now an independent Democrat
Capital i capital D
matter of fact the secretary of the senate called my office and asked how do you want to be identified
And he said how about just schmuck would be good
With many senate democrats having campaign to raise money for Lamont as the party's nominee
Liberman announced it might be a little awkward for him back in Washington
Especially if they start feeding him trief
They played by the traditional partisan political playbook and I can't say I enjoyed it but we're all grown up
We've got a job to do and we're going to do my best to get that job done. He said
Democrats will hold a 51 to 49 inch in the Senate so Liberman the Democratic nominee for vice president in 2000 could find himself
courted by the Republicans
He was asked about the possibility that it might switch caucuses if he became uncomfortable as Democrats start to enforce party discipline
Especially if the GOP offered to keep him as a committee chairman and respect his seniority
I'm not ruling it out but I hope I don't get to that point
I must say with all respect that the republicans have supported me in Connecticut
Nobody ever said we're doing this because we want you to switch over
Switch over to the human race in his case. I don't think he's capable of doing that
Up yours julie brimman you phony baloney what are you? What a joke now. Did you ever get a response on the this
Situation no
This seems to be part of the courses that we just don't get any response from christian's assails manager
So as a result if he you know he asked me to do something in the future or like any account. I'm just gonna say uh
Like that. I'm gonna give him the same response that I get from him silent
Right? I don't think that's a good idea. Kid for tat. Okay, buddy sounds a sound
Go away christ. Don't go away mad. Just go away. You leave us all limp
We're limping along. So don't forget we got what's his name? Drew Rosnowski is gonna be regular Wednesday morning feature on a morning show now
Hmm
565 60 W. C. If you're expecting the problem is all inside your head she said to me
The answer is easy if you take it logically
I'd like to help you in your struggle to be free
There must be 50 ways to leave your lover
You just slip out the back to check
Make new plan this time you don't need a big boy. Roy just listen to me
Ha ha n' of us just you don't need to discuss like
Just for our public key
Get yourself free
Now let me ask you to see when Hawking coming to the QM Christmas party
I love breaking them through a tube. Oh that was bad very bad 1131 at 560 WQM
How's Terry and her she still dead good
1311 votes on the pull man. We got a real shot at 1500 today. That would be a real feather in your crab
Hmm to bed we don't have time for you to tell the story
Yeah, it was really exciting. I was paying about halfway attention here
I was going to be ready to do the show
George was rambling out about how Roger Magdalene was trying to get a job at iod years ago. Which is a true story real jerk
But the story about how he was rambling and ranting about those best job tapes
We don't do a best job tapes. Okay, Joe Bell. I'm just under that right now. No no best in the oh
Especially now. I mean, you know here's some stories that were really hot news stories like six weeks ago
Like six months ago, you know how about early on in the prolettes play that one again
All right, we have it. But haven't only Roger was in
Now where were he was standing outside the throne and the other throne was boy Gary the PD which he was and we're right
He was you know he had gone in there to do a number of one and he was washing his hands and ranting with somebody
Who was standing next to him? There were two people in the stalls and together
Maybe as far as I know one of them was the person telling me the story and the other person was our own boy here
Who is the person that told you the story? I don't remember one of our friends. Oh Jesus
Yeah, looking for a PlayStation tree system better put your game face on prepare to be disappointed rights jack then
Geobus if the essential
South Florida retailers are expecting droves of video game fanatics and parents if their stores late thursday night early Friday morning
And hopes to being among the lucky few will take home the super high tech console make name ps3
The Sony system will hit stores Friday after more than year of marketing and hype
The lunch kicks off a holiday season slug fest that pits three major video game rivals against one another against each other
I think is where it's supposed to be jack then not against one another but nevertheless
Nintendo will unveil its
We system all sounds like something from deliverance we
The biggest product spelled WII but it's pronounced as we the biggest product they view for the company more than a decade
That's coming out on Sunday
Microsoft will also fight for consumer dollars with his Xbox 360 which launched last year. It's got a host of new games
The systems represent the next animation of video game consoles that appeal to different taste and budgets
For people with absolutely nothing going on. I have no life in their lives
This holiday season sales are likely to be a bell weather for the ten billion dollar industry and its players
For Brandon Halfler and living-year-old gaming enthusiast from Western there's only one clear winner this holiday ps3
Brandon has persuaded his dad to camp out with him through the United States of Saga as Mills best buy and hopes of stacking one before the supply runs out Friday morning
Brandon has to attend Friday morning school
But his dad has agreed to wait in line to try to get him a system and a few games that you're bringing up to about
$750 boy. What a dad huh?
I'll be tired at school the next day
But it's okay because it's worth it Brandon said no kidding around for this kid he already owns a ps2
Xbox three different Nintendo systems to a handheld players in more than 80 games
He has researched all the systems online and in PC magazine and passed up last year's launch of the Xbox 360 to wait for ps3
I really like games brand that said I really like getting the best system out there
Maybe put him on a phone with Miss Foley he likes games too
It's die hard fans like Brandon that are prompting electronics to free tapers best buy in circuit city to open stores a couple of hours early Friday
For the launch of ps3 with Sony has delayed twice
Serious gamers from across South Florida expected to hit to the best buy store in high alia one of only 18 stores in the shame that will be open a midnight
Oh, you're gonna stop the high alia. No, thank you
We're expecting very limited quantities said Eric Lopez manages with the best buy in high alia whose name ends in z
Best buy employees will begin handing out tickets at 11 p.m. Thursday the shoppers will wind up at the store those with tickets are guaranteed a system
He said
Every day we have people asking when's the launch date? How many gonna have low-pass said all the gamers in South Florida
They're gonna be coming to high alia to try to get their hands on it and the game too. They want to get their hands on it in high alia
These are probably the same people used to do the limbo rocket the at the room in JC pennies
In between villain glory holes
Retailer said they didn't know how many consoles they'll receive for the weekends ps3 and we launches but everyone's predicting your quicks out
Sony expressed that only 400,000 systems available in all North America Friday already bitters on eBay have state their claim on prior to systems for more than
2300 bucks almost four times the system's top retail price
Two flavors of the sleek black or silver ps3 will they view a six hundred dollar version with a 60 gigabyte hard drive built in wireless and a blue way player for high definition video
And a version causing less costing a hundred bucks less with a 20 gigabyte drive and fewer features
Nintendo meanwhile expects to have four million weak consoles ready worldwide when the $250 product stores on Sunday
If you get a real small one, they call it like a wee wee
Oh the system can't display high definition video and its storage and processing power are limited compared with the ps3 and xbox 360 but
Nintendo is hoping the system's innovative wireless controller which tracks movements to mimic a football pass or the swing of a golf club will attract new consumers in their 20s and 30s
Microsoft burned by supply shortfalls of its xbox 360 system life holiday season is projecting it's going to sell 10 million by the end of the year
The xbox 360 comes in two models costing 300 and 400 depending on the options
All three devices will succeed in a short term because of pen up demanded like a supply said David Cole
President of market research for a firm DFC intelligence
For players like Brandon Ecklitzko serious disappointment if worse comes to worst
We have to wait a couple of months Brandon said is the family plan their buying strategy for Thursday
I'm surprised you actually came into work today you guys
It's Tuesday already yeah, I just pray to be sitting at home planning your market your strategy or buying strategy for Thursday night
It's only two days away. Oh, yeah
Mom and dad smiled that their sons were lucky to concession already worry of his enthusiasm for camping out
But Brandon was quick to wed. I don't want to even think about waiting a couple of months
Amen, we've all had those moments, you know, you look at something you want and you're thinking I don't even want to think about waiting a couple of months
Hmm
And we all had those thoughts all the time just this morning really
Not this kid
1321 hosts on a full already. It's only 1137 so many 1137 holy cow man
I'm more now physically and emotionally from that announcement
About Drew Rosenhaus
Steamburg when we're gonna get Seth Greenberg back on here once he's gonna get his own segment again
That's what we need to put us over the table don't you think don't be surprised
And of course don't forget Ira oh, yeah, I thought I was on on Wednesdays. There's he
I mean the season's going on right now. I'm sure that he's definitely on I just don't know when
Well, you better start finding these things out you're you're our liaison to that part of the segment of the sports segments
You're our go-between
You don't want to be our go-between with the sports segments. Oh, I will be
Oh, here's a good one a good facet says it's julie remebermanel's available for the pull-on buddies you bet get his
Agnes on it right away his whiny wimpy ass julie berman
Got it got it
Thank you very much dick or diker whatever your name is d.i. I don't know how you pronounce the d.i.k
Don't worry about it
22 till noon at 560 wq a.m
ship station
so
yeah
We thought he always had his blood in his mouth
They please be a Clinton about it all the time
They call it woman, I think no right slime
But do we say she's going all around my desk?
That's why we should turn the dishes a mess
Who would have thought we would have thought that
Alright, here we go on the desk
Oh, Mr. Speaker
Mr. Speaker, the committee would like to know
Although it's high, you'll see he's picking up money at death
I'll see
Oh, see they're not
Oh, the committee's seat, no one's required in here
There'll be no further, yes, please
I saw him working on his pickup line
Sure, you can't hear up and maybe watch us act
A free hundred public and an auto
A committee, maybe can I give you the phone
Who would have thought we would have thought that
Remember, maybe it meets the Jewish singer of the house
What
Number 45 at 560 WQM, happy to do the interesting feature they got in the Palm Beach Post
of all places.
Is that surprising that they have anything interesting?
I suppose.
I mean real interesting.
I mean like mildly, it's called the blog squad.
And it says a Brooklyn pizza from Donald O's, forget about it is what it says.
Now who wrote this?
Who's blog is this from?
See, I don't know.
I can't tell.
Does it really make a difference?
No, we don't care.
It just says when I bid in to Domino's latest innovation in pizza, the Brooklyn style
pie, I couldn't help but address the slice in my hands with a play on a famous political
remark.
I know, New York pizza.
I said in Domino's, you know New York pizza.
It's true, there's nothing vaguely New York is about the Domino's pie.
And by the way, since when is there a distinction between New York and Brooklyn pizza?
The most big apple natives like myself, they're one on the same.
That is correct.
I never heard of Brooklyn pizza, do you?
No, but I had some of that product that they're advertising now.
And worst pizza ever.
Yeah, ever.
I was curious to give Domino's a chance because of all the hype about the pie it says.
After I read the recent New York Times story about the change in new pie, I became more
curious.
The time so quickly this missed that I had a taste of it for myself.
Was the times right or was this just New York snobbery and it's worse?
Anybody with a brain knows that the best pizza in North America is in New York, in North
America, not in the world, not like a Nidalee baby.
I don't know, Chicago has pretty good pizza.
Let me say it again.
If you like to fix Chicago style pizza, which I do, only one slice weighs about seven pounds.
Yeah, that's the problem.
You don't eat New York style pizza with a fork unless you're a kind of a whooist, some
kind of a guy we had to story about today, some kind of a pussie.
Anyway, the times as right it says, Domino's pie, I tried both the sausage and pepper
only versions, $30 would tax and tip for two standard size pies delivered to my home.
Third man.
Had the crust wrong for starters.
In an effort to replicate the foldable New York crust, the chain is overcomensated and
may have pie that borders texture wise on the floppy.
Maybe you can stick it in your computer and your floppy disk.
New York slices that designated a fit in the hand, but they are designed to droop.
Oh yeah, they shouldn't droop when you put in your hand and the pie either.
It says but it gets worse.
The cheese on the earth pies, most of them mozzarella, has a certain subtle flavor and
pliability.
With a domino pie, all you taste is salt and the cheese is melt into the gooey strands
I remember from my childhood.
Oh, it's got a melt into gooey strands.
See here we go with the food again.
Now what attracted me to this?
I don't eat much.
I'm just bad for my blood.
You're like a domino so you want it ripped and which is fine.
Why did you say that?
Because it's true.
Oh.
It says but the complaints don't stop there.
How about an insipid tomato sauce with no hint of sweet fried tomatoes?
Or toppings that border on the cartonish?
The sausage is more like pork lumps, oddly misshapen and thoroughly unaffetizing.
The time and story note of the domino has already faced some controversy with its commercials
for the pie, which play up every New York stereotype you can imagine.
I wouldn't mind that so much if the pie was halfway decent.
It says, trust me, it's not.
You think it's pizza but it's not.
I could have written a much shorter and better review.
Well, do you want to hear some of the comments?
Okay.
Here's one by Dan.
He says, I tried the domino's Brooklyn style pizza.
It's not bad for domino's because domino's has to be the worst franchise pizza around.
Anyway, you have to go up North to give good pizza.
Anyways, not just New York either.
The Midwest is good tasting pizza also, which Josh has told us about that Chicago style.
I still did like even though it's been out of business for a long time, shakies.
I know that book.
There was a shakies in Tampa on Dale Maybury and there was a shakies in Kalamazoo.
Don't remember shakies?
Nope.
Little on the salty side but it's pretty good.
Here's one by Fred.
It says the best pizza is the new chain in town, Vocheli.
It's real close to New York pizza.
Vocheli for the Palm Beach crowd.
I don't think we have any Vocheli in date of rod.
Never heard of it.
Did you?
No.
No.
Here's one that says, I'm on vacation in Nashville with a cup of New York pizza craving
also went to a pizza hub.
Requested a small cheese pizza with crisp crust.
It ain't like New York out here either.
What happened to the olive oil grouping everywhere?
Well, first of all, these people are alluding themselves, aren't they?
They're alluding and deluding.
They're doing delabit.
Here's one that says any pie you get down this part of the country only close to what
real pies are up north in the York and Chicago pizza because the water down here is not
the same as the water up north.
From biscuits to bagels to delicate French pastries, the water here sucks for bread period.
As far as the other ingredients are named on the two pies, what do you expect from Domino's
anyway?
Well, sarcasm there.
Or the caustic.
Here's one that says, okay, pizza experts, the real deal down here in South Florida
when it comes to pizza is past squalies and cruel springs.
A drive I know will not a field of cruel springs, but your taste buds will thank you.
Are you familiar with past squalies?
How do you wish having lived in cruel springs?
Yes, it's excellent.
Clean, no less than the bottom of the crust, cheese and soft to die for.
A perfect pie.
Hmm.
There's nothing like a perfect pie.
That's what I always said.
Oh, I do like it if it's key lime pie.
I say it's no pizza pie and cruel springs, but I give it a second.
Second place.
Pizza time?
That's right.
Time's up.
And buy men from Italy.
How come no one remembers the Italian name for pizza at La Beats?
It says, only those who know that, what we have with pizza, there's probably some dirty
word out of it.
Hmm.
Then here's one that says, Dalano is stocks.
All they had was cut the size of it, bigger and used larger topics.
In fact, you shouldn't be eating pizzas especially.
And that's where I stopped the pruning style, especially, I don't know.
See, compared to their regular pizza, which I consider to just be a dust free and edible,
you know, edible.
I consider it edible, as opposed to some other chains that I don't want to mention.
There's a chain here called pizza pizza.
It is so bad, it makes Dalano seem like a chef to be on.
Anyway, this Brooklyn thing, a worse piece of slop that worse than the chicken.
I do not think Dalano is working on a style pizza.
I guess that could be advertising on the show then pretty soon.
It's worse than the chicken.
By the way, it's not growing something.
I don't think that's the other one.
That's what you know what it is.
And they want to clock our cross.
Oh, okay.
Well, no, he's not responding.
And I'm sure there's no reason for me to be doing that.
I just don't do that.
See, this guy thinks if he just ignores, I'll do whatever the hell they put on the log.
And then I'll just, you know, they just fake their way through.
You're a faker, baby.
Dick Nixon was a quaker and you're a faker.
And I'd like to have that shaker at the shakies.
You know how they have in some places like in a good Italian restaurant, they have shakers
would like, not just Parmesan cheese, or somebody I know would say Parmesan, but also
would like, what do you call it?
What do you call it?
You know what I'm talking about?
About those pepper things?
Yeah, those pepper things like grated peppers, you know.
See, at least he knows what I'm talking about.
George who pretends to be a pizza kind of swir.
I do.
No, that's what you're, you're, you're ripping out of this pizza.
What's that?
Go ahead.
Well, what is it?
It's the worst piece of slop worse than any frozen pizza you could get if it was rotten.
How about to know?
It's better.
Totino's is better.
Tombstone is better.
They're not even using their regular pedestrian ingredients.
They're using some indoneasy and imported slop crap.
It's wet, it's greasy, it's slimy, it tastes like crap.
Other than that, it's great.
But the obvious question is how do you like it?
Oh, I like it a lot.
13, I written 60, if you've also had a poll.
The biggest pony of them all, Nancy graces only got five and Julie Broomins already got
her tied.
How do you like that, Nancy?
Framed.
He's already got her tied.
And not.
The 71-year-old pilot, remember we had that story yesterday about the guy who crashed
is a plane in the middle of your life.
See in South Florida, it's not just ancient drivers who are driving automobiles who are
threat to your very existence, it's ancient pilots.
The 71-year-old pilot who crashed at single ends and claimed that the art of a home near
Lantern here for yesterday morning apparently had no valid pilots license federal authorities
said.
A Toshada.
The FAA is investigating Allen Schultz's license which appears not to be current.
As it's ascended over a residential neighborhood southeast of the airport, the plane snaps several
utility lines, slowing its impact.
The crash at 1102 yesterday morning.
The power lines saved me and saved him too, said Chris G.S. owner of the property at
60-21 Pine Drive.
South of Lentana Road that turned into an emergency landing strip.
The plane came to rest against G.S. Ford Taurus.
O.G.S. Taurus, which sustained only minor damage, I wonder if the Taurus had any Taurus.
The fuselage appeared in tact but the wings were shredded almost sheared off.
No one on the ground was injured, thanks God.
Shultz of Palm Beach Gardens was bleeding from a cut on his nose but refused treatment
of the scene.
I'm doing okay, Schultz told reporters he left the crash site with a friend, he declined
to comment further.
The NTSB and the FAA, which enforces pilot licensing regulations and plane registrations, are
resting in the crash agency officials to be seen.
Throne said Schultz applied for a primary registration in June 2004 but the application
is still pending.
It's still pending, baby.
The plane is bending because the application is still pending.
If he renewed his license within the past few days, that wouldn't show up in his record
she said.
Questions about Schultz's license came up after he left the crash scene.
Cracks knocked out, powered of 46 homes until late yesterday afternoon.
Florida Punderland Loot Pants today to replace a pole down by the plane.
In addition, G.S. and his wife Stephanie were at home when they heard loud noise.
I thought it was an earthquake, G.S. said.
I went out and he was already out of the plane.
I told him to sit down.
Power lines were all around the plane.
I didn't know if they were hot.
Christine Assetton looks next to the G.S.
The plane stripped off the top of a roof in chimney and a wheel from the plane ended up
in her basement on top of her Christmas ornament, she said.
Oh, G.S.
When it hit my bedstroke, Assetton said this is crazy.
It's my day off.
I'm supposed to be sleeping all day.
Neighbors Laura and Travis Turquins had claimed to fly solo as they approached the
antenna airport that their bedshakes, they for some of their incidents will continue.
Well, it's about time something made their bedshake.
Just a joke, Laura.
On January 22nd, 2004, a small plane crashed and burst into flames in the front yard of
a home on Crest Drive, North Atlanta road, the 79-year-old pilot and his daughter died.
No one on the ground was hurt in that crash, but about 1,300 homes lost power.
The 79-year-old pilot.
Since 1982, nine people have died in five aircraft crashes in the Lantern area, according
to the MTSP, I wonder how many times it almost happened.
Travis Turquins said the threat is there.
It's not a good place to live.
Right by the airport, they're coming down mighty low.
Of course, they're 110 years old and they're visionate real good.
And the reflexes, all of these things and stuff like that.
Minor details.
So I'm really disappointed.
I thought maybe I'd come on down the order one of them Brooklyn Domino Pizza.
Sure you did.
You believe me?
No.
Or come down for that Christmas party, the big holiday party, the Christmas Chanooka,
a quans of party, whatever it is we're having at that place that I'm not telling the
audience because then they'll all show up there on December 4th at 6 p.m.
Show for cocktails, okay, and see if anybody lets you in.
Just pick a place and see if you think that's where it's going to be.
And show up and say, hey, there's a Joe Bell.
And there's a clearance over there.
I'll pass that in the corner.
And there's a Rose in the horse.
Speaking of horses, ours.
I'm going to cry for hours about that announcement by the Aachen.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M.
She only was 7th when she ordered in.
On through two more coverage for CNN ignoring the weather and storms to avoid her white trash
which mother said she died with joy.
I'm dying on my hands.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
Bruce Allen Scheller, 35, released yesterday, after posting 25 grand bail and agreeing not to have any contact with minors, and was supervised.
Scheller also resigned from his position at the James A. Haley VA Medical Center.
Scheller knowingly possessed images and pictures of minors engaged in sexually explicit conduct, according to an indictment released last week.
Arraymen should take place in the next two weeks.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
It's not a big change in what it was before.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
Oh, God.
Holy moly.
Woo!
Woo!
What the hell was that?
Everybody's doing the WCTR quiz.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
Don't see the fail till you read the book.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
I'm dying on my own.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
