The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts, guests and collars.
And you not reflect those of the Beastly Broadcast.
No, no, no, no.
Avertisers.
Well, anyways, guys, Quartis wants to apologize to the audience for the little party with
those bedtime stories on the last stage.
Aren't you a lot of apologize?
Yes, my bad.
You're not going to be forward to apologize.
He says, screw you guys.
Okay, just wait.
They're up there.
Read them.
I am not a giant.
Why the, you bastard.
Hey, how the hell are you?
Welcome to Jack in the Box.
I'm Jack.
Can I be happy to fill your order if you know what I mean?
It's like a Jack burger and a large fries.
Sorry, pal.
We're cleaning the grease fryer.
We don't have any French fries today.
Okay.
They're just going to be a small order of fries, please.
Look, Chief, maybe you didn't hear me.
I said we don't have any fries today.
It's not about something else.
Oh, okay.
Then just give me an order of fries.
Listen up, pal.
I hope you put the straw and straw berry.
Did you do that, right?
Make sure you did.
I hope you put the ape and ape forgot.
Make sure you did that, right?
Make sure you did.
Now listen carefully.
Who put the freak in French fries?
There ain't no freak in French fries.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
But breath, three, no freak in French fries.
Now get out of my sight before I shove your teeth so far down your
dick throat.
You'll have to sit on the Jack burger to eat it.
Oh, and have a nice day.
Wouldn't that be something if he had teeth in your rectum?
It's 10.02 at 5.60 WQ.
I'm happy Veterans Day.
Today's the holiday.
George couldn't figure it out.
He said there's no school today.
And then he went, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Like that.
It must be the pressure from that.
I think it wants to enjoy yesterday.
That's it.
I mean, Veterans Day is November 11th.
But since it comes on the Saturday and in America,
we have to make damn sure that, you know, you've got to get a day off for a holiday, right?
Right.
So, see ya.
So, anyway, we're celebrating it today.
That's why the kids are off from school.
That's why a lot of people went away for a nice long, three day weekend.
See ya.
See ya, see ya, you guys.
Before I forget and do anything else, BSO deputies will be conducting DUI's
actuation patrols this weekend in honor of the holidays, I guess.
Tonight from 8.30 until 5.30pm tomorrow morning in the areas of Dear Field Beach,
Pompeo Beach and Oakland Parking in tomorrow, they're like, where in Pompeo Beach?
Do we have a little, uh, zero in on that?
It's just a boy's Pompeo altogether.
Unless you go to the track, be sure and go there.
Or to Lou background, go there.
But other than that.
Now, can I get back to this while you're planning on being inaugurated again tonight?
I thought you were boozing up last night.
What are you talking about?
I lived in Pompeo Beach.
Yeah, well, just don't go home, okay?
Booze it up and just still lay in a park bench somewhere.
And the gutter would be good.
That would be an excellent, and the dumpster and then you might find some nice lunch.
Can I go back to this again, please?
See, he's interrupting already.
He screwed up.
Didn't put any of the stories on there until about 9.15 this morning.
I had a little problem with the internet last night.
Yeah, you had a problem with your instrument last night.
Yeah, I believe that.
Wouldn't be the first time.
Let's see.
Oh, yeah, there's people who write every story on there, including some 15.
They've read that one about Chavez said Bush ought to be executed.
We'll get to that though.
Let me start over again.
I killed some good time.
BSO deputies will conduct DUI's saturation patrols tonight from 8.30 to 5 o'clock tomorrow morning in Dearfield Beach,
somewhere in Pompeo Beach and Oakland Park and then tomorrow night from 8.30 to 5 o'clock Sunday morning.
In areas of uncorporated centralbroward, Pompeo Beach and Oakland Park, not a good weekend to get smashed.
Last and less, you're going to go over to Georgia's house.
Okay.
You can hear that.
We're going to be identified and DUI laws will be actively enforced.
This information is published in compliance with a Supreme Court ruling mandate and prior announcement of selective enforcement activities.
So they just can't spring it on you.
So as a service of a WQA and a show, we pass it along to you.
Don't say we didn't warn you.
Okay, when you get your nurse DUI.
Aye.
Here's the poll result from yesterday.
How satisfied are you with the election results?
1957 votes, boys and girls.
That's one hell of a lot.
We're not going to do a lot today because I forgot to put the poll up till about nine last night.
I just forgot about it.
I was playing like George, you know.
How satisfied are you with the election results?
I'm ecstatic 635.
Happy 595.
There's nothing wrong with being ecstatic or happy.
How was the Joe Bell?
Is he happy?
Yeah, he's jolly.
Oh, he's jolly.
I'm so happy.
I'm squeezing myself 426.
A lot of squeezing going on out there, I'm sure of that.
I still don't care 155.
Heartless bastards.
I'm not happy 82.
I'm suicidal 38 to which we say go ahead and pull the trigger, squeeze it.
And I hate this poll only 26.
I'm mere 1.2%.
Well, that's really something quite a turn around, isn't it?
It last.
Be sure to join Kim Boaknap or the staff.
No, no, no, no, no.
One of the chair hard on tax fee just east of Mingo and Pemberg Pines.
It's not by to win prizes.
Are those the Acquapy QA prizes?
I'm sure.
It's the same.
Oh, and celebrate chairhouse 30th anniversary.
Not 30, man.
We've voted at the chair height of the Pines, noodle 1 p.m.
Go over there and get one of them, char cheese or one of those.
I like the sausage with cheese and onion.
Yeah, we knew you liked sausage.
I beg your pardon?
I said, how you doing?
Oh, that's right.
You got your ice cream and the weavers today.
All right.
I was forgot about that.
No one of you showed up even on a holiday.
I wonder what that would be.
So that's why both of these guys showed up today because they got
tubs of ice cream from Jackson's and Danie Cullen.
Mm-hmm.
An honor of Jackson's anniversary.
Where's that thing I'm supposed to read?
Over there somewhere in your pile.
It's in my pile.
Here it is right here.
National Deli Prouder presents the first annual Big Dog Eating Contest
at Jackson's Escond.
That's November 18th.
That's still a week from tomorrow.
But in honor of that, Jackson's is coming in again today with a lot of tubs
and tubs of those goofy concoctions that they're so famous for.
And the probably rocky road with hot fudds and butter scotch and whipped cream and cherries and
ooh, and foot long premium albie fat dogs.
Now you're going to participate in the Big Dog Eating Contest on the 18th
week from tomorrow and shovel as many down your pushes you can.
I doubt it.
No, I'll leave that for the spectator sport.
I'm sure there are a lot of the, oh, every, well, I'm sure we all have seen these people.
Although some of those Japanese people are very proficient at doing that.
I wonder what that's all about because Japanese like you said yesterday, most
they're skinny and it's skinny people are doing that too.
Right, that Kobayashi kid.
Is that his name?
Mm-hmm.
What's his specialty?
Oh, you can't see it on the ear.
Okay.
He eats.
Okay, here's today's pool which we're off to a very slow start and it's my fault.
So both Josh and I screwed up bad last night.
Too bad.
We don't care.
Just like George told Joe, just keep the checks coming.
And what is this with Joe Bell trying to like, I don't know, is he trying to aggravate or agitate?
Because I'm in a very good mood.
Everything is wonderful.
Yeah, I told him that except for those region.
And what did he say?
To say it?
He just nodded.
Oh, pretty much, I guess.
That's the answer by default.
What do you mean by that?
Well, he didn't say that he was going to tell clients to cut the crap and we don't have to play them anymore.
So what do we do?
Right.
So what is it?
As long as we get paid, that's all we care about.
If France wants to run 10 minute rejoins and ruin the lack of listenership,
which he knows nothing about, he knows nothing about broadcasting.
That's what the world's down to.
They took a little sports nerd.
In fact, Clarence is like one step away from somebody else, one of his boyfriend.
Yeah.
He's about a half a step away from that.
Like El Retardo.
And they made him into a program director, proof you're a program director,
he used to be a deaf's ass system.
Now, all of a sudden you're a PD.
And he's like, look what he's done.
Look what he's done for us.
He's given us some numbers that start with, oh, in different day parts.
Not midday, though.
He hasn't been able to mess with us enough.
So that must be why I put those long.
And of course, we can blame Josh for part of that too, because he always waits till last break.
He always waits till last break and then he plays that one with Mad Dog.
And blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a
good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I
I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a
good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, no, I'm not a good guy, no I'm not a good guy, hey, hey I'm not a good guy, Hey, hey I'm not a good guy, hey I'm not a good guy, hey I'm not a good guy, hey I'm not a good guy, hey I'm not a good guy, hey I'm not a good guy, hey I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a good guy, hey we're up to cope with that from the wait for the end game we're going to be going on to a live rests on we're going to get regulatory caches for free here, now I have
You've passed on clearies
Still eating people right after you kill them
Not even leaning behind a tiny crow to lecture
Fingers again, he cleans if people taste just like chicken
If you see a little bull on the street
Better honor you at this age
Bunt, bunt, bunt, bunt, bunt, bunt, bunt, bunt, bunt, bunt, bunt, bunt, bunt, bunt, bunt, bunt, bunt, bunt, bunt, bunt, bunt, bunt, bunt, bunt, bunt, bunt, misterlector
I've got two left
How do you eat things through that funky mask
Though it looks good
You can't push your jaw
The first time I'll walk you in the cell is strong leector
I wish I saw
You play a visual to jab a claw
He's a Clintons on your next screen.
Just remember in a website A.C.
So 19 at 560 WQ, I'm happy Friday to remember 10.
Anyway, this is a fact. Mark Trespon is Hank Spuddy. That's not the guy.
This guy I'm trying to think of. I think his name is also Hank. Like Rosenstein, Rosenblatt,
Gold Sumpen, Gold Slub, I don't know what it is.
Maybe Jack's on the phone and somebody will call.
Yeah, it's ringing right now.
Well, I answer it.
You're not going to answer the phone? It's not ringing.
Call up, Jack's court doesn't tell him what the answer is.
He gets a day on it. He got two fats on that.
That's not even close.
But anyway, for whatever reason, the Humper, maybe a book thyrus
or buys all the booze.
Let's get back to what's his name?
Benny Erson. He was always buying the booze for the players.
Anyway, who the hell cares about you and the fact that they're losing all these games?
They're going to get their ass kicked at Maryland again. I hope so.
All the dolphins played its chiefs on Sunday.
That could be another really early performance. Don't get confused by what happened last Sunday in Chicago.
Don't be confused by that. Don't let that fool you for even one second.
I know I'm not going to allow myself to get sucked in there one week of glory.
I'm sorry. I apologize profusely.
Just like you apologize for putting the stories on this morning's title last night.
We don't care. We're just here to get a paycheck.
Just call me Johnny paycheck.
Luck now, India. A man in northern India will be publicly slapped 51 times as punishment
after village elders found a guilty of raping a neighbor who is deaf and mute.
51 slaps, baby.
The elders stepped in to be well. They're not big on women over there.
They just don't treat them awfully well in case you have no.
Unless they have a big dowry.
The elders stepped in to review the case because local police had failed or arrested accused man after a complaint was filed by the victim's husband.
Police told us that since the woman is deaf and mute, she's not able to narrate the incident they'd be saying.
A village court made up of five elders heard from both sides on Wednesday.
Found the man's guilty, found him finding five thousand rupees that's 110 bucks US.
Orders that he'd be publicly slapped with an open hand 51 times.
Open hand. We can't do more than that. The village court doesn't have power to arrest anybody.
They said by public slapping the court wants to put him to shame. We're going to slap your ass.
You rapist bastard you. Of course he can't hear whatever they say anyway.
Communicating through hand signals the woman and mother of three said she was raped in a fee last Sunday.
Oh that's right she's the one in step.
When we're turning home from work in a rompore a 305 miles northwest of Lucknow.
They state capital of Arparadesh.
Sounds utterly ridiculous to me the whole thing.
The village court generally set a land dispute another agreement among residents not criminal offenses.
But many rape cases go unreported in India especially in villages because women fear further harassment by the police who often work with corrupt local politicians and landlords.
To harass their ass. How do you like that?
51 slaps with an open hand.
698 votes on our pool. Gellies and Buffalo is a good place for him boy.
I think he finally found his match.
Anybody call in? Tending to name that guy Hank.
Bill Drake.
But he's not answering it.
His name is Green something not Greenberg. Green sleeves.
Yeah green sleeves by the brothers for it but you don't have that.
I call him Erik.
Oh let me fire up the old player here.
I read him a green sleeves and I think it about Greenfields.
Well we'll find both of them.
Myron Cohen that's the guy's name.
Nobody is called in attendance.
I want to say Seth Greenberg.
That's it.
The battle right.
Oh right.
I told you it was Greenberg.
Greenstein.
Green Schwartz.
Green sleeves.
I told you Seth Greenberg.
Oh I can't believe it.
I was at the brothers forum.
Yes it is.
And he's always hyping him up to get a job.
He sure is.
Wow.
I said we're Greenfields.
I can't stand up.
Oh come on.
So that's a surprise to you that he's been, I mean I don't know recently but boy I tell you
what's upon the time.
Like every five minutes he ought to be, I think it's near basketball coach in college.
I know he has a man like for his tournament show.
Constantly.
Constantly.
Seth Greenberg.
This Seth Greenberg.
Yeah.
I mean I like that Bradley a lot.
He was a fine tour in the list, I enjoy it his work and all of that but you would have thought
that something cataclysmic happened yesterday the way the media was all over this.
See this is what they do.
You know it's like a fraternity like everything else.
And everybody liked him a lot and he was like really good at it.
good guy and they were still afraid of training so as a result they all got out of there and
you will judge and on and on.
Okay, he was 65, if not like he was just spring chicken or something like that.
65 can be old enough at times not for me though of course,
having just turned 64. I'm not really going to be quote quite that soon.
I'm going to stick around a long time just to put certain people off.
But what did Joe Bell say about that? He said we're going to re-up for like about 20 years
and something like that. He said, he'll keep sending you those checks
for life until you're croaking until you're dead and buried.
That's not what he said. Yeah, he did.
704 folks on the poll today we are going to be having the scratch and scrape and again
we're going to have to work to get to 1000 days by fall.
If we don't get there I'll take the blame. I'll take the fall for it. How's that?
Okay. New estimates said Iraq civilian deaths at 150,000.
Nice going to WU Butcher.
A stunning new death count emerged yesterday as the rice health minister
estimated 150,000 civilians have been killed in the war about three times
previously accepted estimates.
Moderate Sunni Muslims mean while threatened to walk away from politics and pick up guns.
While the Shiite dominated government renewed pressure on the U.S.
to unleash the Iraqi army and claim to could crush violence in six months.
After Democrats, welcome majorities in both houses of U.S. Congress.
And after Defense Secretary Rumsfeld resigned.
Iraqis appeared unsettled and seemed to sense the potential for an even
blurbier conflict because future American policy is uncertain.
It's uncertain.
As a result, positions hardened on both sides of the country's deepening sectarian divide.
Previous estimates of Iraqi deaths held at 45 to 50,000 men killed in nearly
44 months of old conflict.
You do realize now Iran the verge of being in Iraq longer than WW2?
I do have been reading that.
According to partial figures from Iraqi institutions meeting reports no official count has
ever been available.
But now, Health Minister Ali Al-Shamari, what if he's kin to Muhammad Ali or Ali Sherman?
Are they all?
Gave his new estimate of 150,000 Seth Greenberg.
Oh my God.
Is a new estimate of 150,000 reported during visits of the in-Austrian.
He later told the Associated Presity based the figure.
On an estimate of 100 bodies a day brought to Morghz in hospitals,
such a calculation would come out closer to 130,000 total.
But who's counting?
You know I'm saying obviously not nobody real closely.
It's an estimate he said he blamed Sunni insurgents, the Wahhabis.
Sunni religious extremists and criminal gangs for the deaths.
The Wahhabis.
Wahhabis.
Wahhabis.
I was looking for that.
I don't think we have that in the area anymore.
Just by itself.
Just relax, okay?
Wahhabis.
Peace.
Hassan Salam of the Supreme Court for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq or SCIRRS,
said 150,000 figure-included civilians, polices, and the bodies of people were abducted later found dead,
and collected Morghz run by the health ministry.
It's a blood bath baby.
Since three and a half years since the change of the Sodom regime,
some people say we have 600,000 killed, said Samari.
This is an exaggerated number.
I think 150 is okay, he said.
On other words, if we're 600, we need too many dead people.
But 150 is, you know, it's okay.
It's okay.
Like that.
Seven away down the pole.
Keep track.
Very close.
The biggest name.
The best challenge.
It is the Eurotras.
Hi there, you first dude.
Hey, tell, present.
Over 700 voting eight of the gorgeous songs of love.
This special evening will be in your life by Jerry Lewis.
And I'll meet you at BADD.
Nobody loves songs for your baby.
All interpreted by the love-miser, his self.
And a inevitable superstar, entertainer, Jerry Lewis.
And you'll get your favorite ladies of song.
I play the lady.
Lady.
Lady.
A drug by Big Red Dead.
It's an amazing company of up 748 love songs, The Or Lady.
All digitally remastered and all performed by the masterful superstar, Jerry Lewis.
I just carry my music, join me on K-File Records.
And we pay a very special musical tribute to the lady.
You'll get this arosmith classic.
And you'll look like a lady.
And you'll look like a lady.
His journey is a little old, baby.
With a favorite twist.
And no one knows if his never sounded better.
I ain't no way to treat a lady in a way.
Let's treat your lady in a way.
Ah, listen to Jerry's amazing interpretation of his superhero hit from the King of Pong.
You're a lady with my wife and the lady is a lady.
You're a lady with a nightie.
Jerry Lewis.
I am.
How about him, man?
That's 748 fabulous ladies of song.
Up 35 CDs are 148 track tapes.
All re-wrestled boyhoods must have from the original cassette masters.
And it's a collection you'll cherish.
Your friend will love and your lady will not forget.
It's all yours for 17 easy payments.
The only 32.95 and it's only from K-Dowlinger.
You can tell it's K-Dowlinger.
We know.
And smell 1033, 27 before 11 at 560 WQA.
I mean, I want to say comments.
You're ever the bits I've played so far today?
Jerry Lewis.
Oldies.
Oh, those oldies.
Oldies.
I love them.
Anyway, it's a Friday.
It's holiday today.
I was trying to figure that out this morning if it was really holiday.
And tomorrow's the holiday.
But today's the day offered just about everybody.
So we'll see you.
Bye.
On the same day, President Bush promised a new bipartisan Washington.
He began efforts to give two of his most controversial decisions approved before the Democrats take over Congress.
He's trying to shove this crap through there before it's too late.
Yesterday, he submitted the nomination of John Bolton as U.S. Ambassador that revolted John Bolton to the UN.
And said he would like to move forward on legislation to authorize the National Security Agency's domestic surveillance program.
He's spy on you guys' program.
We're sitting.
We'd like to see action on both issues before the years end.
The Democratic control conference, of course, takes over in January.
Some Republicans are also against the Bolton nomination.
By the way, Republican Senator Lincoln Chafee was defeated this week's election.
And said he would block Bolton's nomination along with the Democrats.
Democrats complained that Bolton gave the Senate false information when he failed to know on a questionnaire
that he had been questioned by the Department's Inspector General as part of a joint inquiry by the State Department and the CIA
into allegations that Iraq had attempted to obtain uranium from these years in Africa.
The State Department formally ignores the air and Bolton's statement.
Also, Senator George Boynovich, Republican of Ohio, took the floor and read a list of complaints by Bolton's subordinates who sent him a head of reputation
of bullying his colleagues, taking facts out of context, and exaggerating its own disease, a crazy person with a bizarre mustache.
But everybody looks like Mr. Z. Whatever that guy's name is.
What's your guy's name from Dan R. Chrysler? Dr. Z.
Oh.
Dr. Z.
Isn't that his name? Dr. Z?
Weathe.
Can we have a bit about Dr. Z? I'm sure we did.
Listen, we got so many doctors. We got Dr. Afil. We got Dr. Shoals. I don't see Dr. Z. Well, then anyway, who cares?
It's boring.
Democratic Senator Joe Biden has said to become the Foreign Relations Committee's chairman and control agenda in January.
I see no point in considering Mr. Bolton's nomination again in the Foreign Relations Committee said because regardless of what happens there, he is unlikely to be considered by the full Senate.
Un-likely.
The President also yesterday outlined some other issues he'd like to see Congress addressed before years end and had lunch with the likely new speaker, Representative Nancy Pelosi of California.
Among those issues are the terrorist surveillance act of 2006.
By partisan energy legislation, trade legislation, federal spending bill and agreement with India on a civilian nuclear technology.
Yes, slack around a little bit. That's the kind of stuff that we spotted in India. It all slaps.
The terrorist surveillance act is likely to face stiff opposition in the Senate and the House as both parties have previously criticized the measure as unconstitutional.
The legislation will optimize the NSA to eavesdrop on phone calls between people in the U.S. and suspected terrorists overseas, which means anybody they decide.
They can do whatever they want. That's right.
Fascism and motion-boying, of course, they try to like us slip all this stuff through there before the Democrats come in January and put the brakes on it.
Put the old brakes, slam the brakes on, baby, slam them.
735 votes in that poll.
I'm going to tell you something. We'll as well sign off right now when we look at this thing.
How many of your friends and your family have listened to Neil? A few 286 is 0188, almost none 174s.
You can put 0 and almost none together and you've got almost half.
Or we hate your friends and family. How do you like that?
Like I said, most of them 33, some 17, all of them 15, you know, likely story.
I hate this poll 12, only 1.6%. Only my enemies listen 10. Only my enemies listen.
Nothing like a good Connie, man. Good Enema.
What does that really mean? Connie. It's a huge word for Enema.
I still think that people in my family used to make some of these words up.
I don't think this is a thing as Connie. I know this Connie, Francis, and this Connie Chung.
Yeah, I wonder where she sticks the old.
Sheesh, anyway, lawmaker from Massachusetts speaking of that the only state where same-sex marriage is legal,
dealt with what appeared to be a fatal blow yesterday, with proposed constitutional amendment to ban it.
A fatal blow. In a Fourier strategic maneuvering, supporters of the same-sex marriage managed to persuade enough like this,
to vote to recess a constitutional convention till the end of January 2nd.
The last day of the legislative session, on that day, lawmakers and advocates on both sides said it appeared like the legislature would adjourn without voting on the measure which of course would kill it.
They would kill it. Just like that Seth Greenberg killed it.
For all intents and purposes, the debate is ended to represent a Byron Russian, a Boston Democrat, and the assistant majority leader.
What members are expecting is that the majority of constituents are going to say, thank you, we're glad it's over, we think it's been discussed enough.
In other words, get the monkey off their back. They don't want to be, have their feet put to the fire.
All those other stupid-ass cliches. Put your feet to the fire.
The measure had been expected by both sides to gain easily the 50 votes required from the 200 legislators as the first step for making same-sex marriage is illegal.
Chris Milo, president of the Massachusetts family institute, was sponsored the amendment called the recess voted travesty and waving a copy of the state constitution, said the legislature had just said that it's irrelevant, the constitution.
As a result, the fight was over, Mr. Milo said we're assessing the situation.
Up you're a sweetheart.
The government, Romney, Republican who opposed the same sex marriage said the vote was a triumph of arrogance over democracy.
He said he would explore any alternatives to try to force a vote, but his options are limited.
Hey, spokesman Eric Fernstrom said the fact that they put this off to the end of the year makes it easier for them to adjourn.
If they were giving consideration, I think they would have recessed until tomorrow, maybe Monday or Tuesday next week.
The action on Thursday came two days after Massachusetts voters selected the Val-El Patrick, a same-sex marriage supporter.
As the state's first Democratic governor in 16 years, Democrats were also elected to all the state-wide offices, leaving the state's Republican party in shambles.
They were in shambles, baby, in Massachusetts.
They're falling apart, they're crumbling at the seams just like Seth Greenberg, whoever he is.
Who is he? Is he still alive? Where is he to coach?
Now he's to coach at Virginia Tech.
Wow, that says a lot. A guy with a name of Seth Greenberg at Virginia Tech.
I wonder what the guy would think about that, huh?
Anyway, the bottom line is Larry Coquette. He's on the way up. But again, Seth Greenberg is a basketball coach, not a football coach.
Instead of bringing in Seth Greenberg to which a football team, all they probably could do is as well as O'Larry.
O'Larry or a loser, baby, people hate you. They wouldn't spin on the best part of you.
The players took a person, the people in the stands that were spitting it, then they're really spitting it, Larry. They just came close enough.
They just said bad name.
747 on the pool. Have you ever sent me up for that kind of 747 or way up there on top?
Pretty exciting. Although the food is overpriced and still sucked.
The biggest name. Larry Coquette.
This is my favorite watch. For a 20-year-old friend of mine.
The session was hunky.
And now a few wasted minutes with Andy Rooney.
I had to go grocery shopping the other day, and I realized something when I was at the store.
People looked different from each other. I always kind of thought that they looked the same, but they don't.
As I strolled around in my little card, I couldn't believe the differences.
Walking down the bread aisle, I noticed this woman's hair was different than this woman's.
This man had eyes that were sort of blue, while this man had eyes that were brown.
This little boy with a lollipop had big ears, and this one didn't.
As I parlayed down the bread aisle, I also noticed two women who had different size chests.
I could sort of tell they were getting mad at me for filming their frontal area.
When I finally got to the car and put the groceries in, I realized that people do, in fact, look different from each other.
And then I realized something else. I was breathing air.
I guess I'll have to figure out why that is when I have some extra time.
Too much time on your hands, Andy. Nice time, Rob.
Though 1046 at 560 WQM, he was on with the King Master last night, whether it's Suspended Huntback.
Yeah. And one of his panels, he had about 800 people on there all of what's his name.
John Hewitt, who had created the 60 minutes. All these CBS people.
I was talking about it, Bradley, you know, the guy with the earring.
Oh, that guy.
766 votes on the poll. Guess why Google, John?
Seth Greenberg? Very good.
I just gave you a clue when I put it.
What's the succession with Hokey?
Seth Greenberg recently completed his third season as head coach of the Hokeys.
Well, he's got a fat head in his ball.
I wonder.
You're wearing his first season, you got a Virginia Tech, a new heights, and his quest to reestablish its place among colleagues is basketballs, they lead.
And then in the second season, the team even surpassed the accomplishments of the first year.
How do you like that for a puff piece?
So this is on the Virginia Tech website.
Greenberg, with a team that's suffered numerous off-core tragedies with his consistent guidance,
and able the team to leave off-core problems out of the game and focus on each contest.
The Hokeys finished the season 14 and 16.
Wow. And remained a competitive force in the best conflict situation.
14 and 16. And holy moly, that's only two games under 500, man.
Is that good or what?
What?
It goes on about this, an epitome, but about a lot of meals for Hank, Goldberg, Greenberg, Goldberg, Shortsberg, whatever it is.
Remember Dr. Shortsman, you know what movie that was in, don't you?
No.
Dr. Shortsman?
That's the honey tune.
Or that doctor.
Yeah.
He was all of the stuffist scope that, remember, Wait a minute, was it Dr. Shortsman with the stuffist scope or was that the doctor in Requiem for a dream?
I guess most of the stuffist scope.
Basically, that's all he did, remember that?
Yes.
She was sitting there and here, you know, Hank, get this building, give another prescription header.
Hopper, I'll hopped up on pills, man.
Doctors, you got their patients, I'll hopped up on pills.
Especially old people, like Sarah Goldberg.
What if she's going to set up Greenberg?
Goldfarb, Greenberg?
Whoever said it's a great, she's a belt man.
Everybody's doing it, huh?
No, she didn't say that.
I think she said it's a Shorts belt.
Oh, $768 votes on the poll.
We'll make a thousand today whether it's a Jars like Sarah Goldberg.
And we'll get a few people reading those bedtime stories.
Go check them again, please, if you would.
Or not.
I mean, you know, who now might have said you what to do?
But I mean, we have a lot of people like to read those stories on the website early.
And of course, they were not.
It'll mind for a theme because Josh had issues with his instrument last night.
It wasn't functioning.
American and Iraqi officials have said a day for giving Iraq's forces a responsibility for security across the country.
Under a plan to be presented at the UN Security Council next month, the Iraqi government would assume authority from coalition troops by the end of next year.
Only hours after him unduring runsfeld was replaced as U.S. defense secretary.
American, British and Iraqi officials spoke openly about accelerating the handover process.
Here you go, it's all yours.
Here's the keys to the kingdom we'll see.
And just before we leave, of course, one last attempt to hook that long cheer with those oil fields, but didn't work out too well.
Remember, that was going to pay for the whole deal.
That's right.
Iraqi oil was going to cover all the costs instead of us spending a trillion dollars out of its Iraq.
It makes its own gravy.
Baghdad made clear that it would use the Democratic Victory and Congressional midterm elections to push bushwork in sessions,
confidence of Uri al-Malaki, the Iraqi Prime Minister said that they hoped to feed with make bush more open to ideas than he had previously rejected.
However, Margaret Beckett, the Foreign Secretary, sought to play down the impact of both the Republican midterm election losses under this missile of air-mongering runsfeld,
she said it was unlikely there would be a major upheaval of U.S. policy in Iraq.
In a speech to the Royal U.S. Services Institute, think things, she said we will leave when they are confident they can take the role of security in the country on their own shoulders, the Iraqis, those Wimpy Iraqis.
All signs said that Rumsfeld's departure provided an opportunity to set a clearer timetable for withdrawing all foreign forces.
A new tone was sent by Bush, he said that it was open to ideas that would help the U.S. to achieve its schools of defeating the terrorists and ensuring that Iraq's Democratic government succeeded.
The plan being drawn up in Baghdad with Washington's approval states of one year extension of the UN mandate for foreign forces in Iraq,
but it also states that by December 2007, just over a year from now, security in the countries 18 provinces, a part from the most violent, be handed over to the Iraqi army and police, U.S. and British troops would play a support role.
And then they say, hey, we'll see you, here's the keys. Don't get yourself locked out.
773 votes on the poll, as we've tried this, but we can see if we still have an audience in the midst of a QAIM drowning-like to Titanic. That's what your belt told us earlier on yesterday.
But any ideas for what we can do because clearance is killing us, is that what he said? Yeah, something like that.
Securrence enjoys between the two of them.
Iraqis yesterday cheered the resignation of the Defense Secretary of Rumsfeld, blaming him for policy figures and scandals they say,
helped spawn the daily sectarian carnage, racking their nation, carnage baby, murder and bloodshed, lunacy.
Rumsfeld's resignation shows the scale of the mess the U.S. has made in Iraq said Ibrahim Ali 44, there's another Ali guy.
Who works at the oil ministry, the efforts by American politicians to hide their figure and no longer working.
The Iraq government has yet to comment on Rumsfeld resignation, Prime Minister Maliki has in recent weeks ruined increasingly critical of U.S. policies and put for his government to assume more responsibility for security from U.S.-led coalition forces.
Many in fact, that said the expect changes in U.S. approach under Rumsfeld's expected replacement former CIA director Robert Gates. More about him later, by the way, he's also a very suspected...
...and may not even get confirmed when he comes right down to it. Suspect and best.
Here's the story that people seem to be reading on our websites, but it Josh's a lateness with it. And he apologizes again, by the way, very sorry, and he'll never do it again until he feels like it.
Basically, what he said was he'll put him on there when he's good and ready. Is that what you said? When he's good and ready? That's right.
His computer's working if he ain't busy dittling around with some hot Russian chick, if he's not out there getting drunk, then he'll put him on there. Otherwise, he'll get off his ass.
Then his wife, on present, Hugo Chavez slammed the Sodom Hussein death penalty and said it is U.S. President George Bush, who should be sentenced to death.
If sentencing is to be done, said Chavez in Kadovkis earlier this week. The first one to be given the most of your sentence this time it has to offer should be the president of the U.S. if we're talking about genocidal presidents. The Harold reported yesterday.
The leftist, Vedas Vela leaders often criticize the Bush administration for his war efforts in America and Afghanistan, and for allegedly trying to overthrow his own administration in Venezuela. Chavez called Bush the devil in September while addressing New-Eld General Assembly in New York. The devil.
The devil's in the details. The devil may be doing it. The devil probably reverent said about the devil made him do it. We're not playing that good though because none oldie.
It's all oldies Friday because it's veterans day to holiday. Don't forget to join Kim Bo-Kamper this afternoon, noon to 1 at the Chor-Hub looking on tax-dreatses.
The devil is a great host of the U.S. East of the Mingo and Pembert Pines. Stopped to win all kinds of crappy Q&A prizes. But really to enjoy the great food of Chor-Hub and celebrate Chor-Hub's 30th anniversary.
With big Kim Bo-Kamper, boy if you never stood next to him, he'll make you feel like a mid-jick. He'll dwarf you noon to 1 at the Pines Chor-Hub today with bow and show and whatever else can be.
Speaking of what I just said, President Bush's pick to replace Rumsfeld with former CIA director Robert Gates is an odd one considering it's almost certain to revive festering questions about the Bush administration's handling of pre-war intelligence center.
Right Gates is one of those long time Washington insiders whose name is not likely to ring bells outside of the beltway.
But he's long been a major player in Republican National Security circles. First is a Russian specialist and President Ford's White House National Security Council in 74. Then eventually at the CIA where he held a handful of senior positions before being tapped to be chief by the first Bush, H.W. Walker, whatever in 1999, 1, 1999, 1-91.
See I'm not reading all that well because it's a holiday and quite frankly we're just we're just fun and needed today okay.
We're just sliding our way through be like working on Thanksgiving Day which we're not none of us.
And it wasn't the first time you've been nominated for the post or was first dose of trouble in the spotlight it says.
An early 87 is ruled in the so-called Iran Contra of the RIS secret White House operation to sell weapons to radical Islamic Iran in exchange for the release of US hostages.
And cash for CIA back to rebels in Nicaragua came under scrutiny. Gates withdrew his nomination in the face of sure rejection back then.
Then in his 9-91 nomination he rings to run the CIA. Gates ran into a bus off testimony from a former agency analyst who said that during the 80s Gates had skewered intelligence to fit the convictions of senior Reagan administration officials that Soviet agents had concocted a plan to assassinate the Pope and were arming and encouraging Marxist revolutionary groups to carry out terrorist attacks.
Both theories turned out to be wrong. According to Carolyn McGiffert Eckdahl who headed to see the CIA in list the sound of the task of investigating the theory.
While Moscow boasted of its backing for a central revolutionary group says the S.R. Ampharts P.L.O. which was fighting Israel's like a basement Palestinian territory and the African National Congress led by Nelson Mandela in private the origin of not to engage in terrorism Eckdahl said.
But Gates then head of CIA analysis was dissatisfied with her draft. Eckdahl said in a help of a writer with an angle to suggest greater Soviet support for terrorists.
In other words, he's another liar and a phony and another stooly of the Bush crowd.
How you like that? That's not really reassuring. I'm afraid of a major change now that him I'm doing wrongs throughout his step to side.
And the Republicans are really up in arms about that too. The fact that Bush lied last week and said that over his dead body, where Gaya would Bush or Cheney or would the rum solver Cheney be gone?
That they would be there for the end of his term. And then all of a sudden the day after the election he said, oh by the way, Donnie, you're done. Bye bye, Donnie.
Because they're thinking that if he would have done it, you know, there to be 40 election, that might have like given him enough and thank God he didn't, you know what?
Give them a little bit of impetus like that to Makakawitz for example in Virginia who like we told you, then we tell him yesterday that on MSNBC we're saying that he was going to be considered three o'clock yesterday. What do you do at three o'clock yesterday?
I don't know. Conceited. What he is, he's conceded.
Oh George, my daughter is a big shot now. He runs with the boss. Oh yeah, you know, what was everything? What?
What was this lunch at the Sizzler in Hollywood? Wait and long weren't steakhouse. Sorry. Hey, you better get it right, mister. I bet you're crossed the boss up pretty penny.
And I also bet you he put it on the damage. Fence account sure hopes up. Well listen, anybody would actually buy you lunch.
Oh yeah, the guy who came out of the man in his position is going to big deep into his own pockets and buy you lunch. I doubt that.
Me too.
792 votes on the pool as we try to determine if there's an audience out there. What's the story? It's a pool, you know, something different.
How many of your friends and or family listen to the new Roger show? 792, a few of them 306, 0196. None of them. Well you better get some new friends and family.
Almost none of them. 193. Most 38. See the big difference there. Most normally 38. Back in the day, everybody listened to the show. Back in the day when the show was like fun.
And we had the other instead of me sitting here reading crap for four hours every day. But you know what? Too bad. We still get paid, right? Yes we do. Pretty good scam. Most 38. Some 19. That was your desire. We got to put some on there.
It's really a doing well. All of them 17. All of them. That's the kind of family we like. I hit this pool only 12.
1.5% and only my enemies listen only 11.
The biggest name of the best talents in the business. The new Roger. 4th radio 560. This is the new Roger show.
This is your brain. Go go go go go. Any questions?
Other stations give you money. Other stations give you cars. But when times are tough. This station gives you a car.
Because this station is going to give you a job in radio. A job at this station. A job at our new morning to this Japanese morning.
We're going to toss our morning guy out. He doesn't even know. He's not even listening. We've told him to play this promo and he played it like a mora.
Oh, his loss is your game. Just be listening. And when you hear this sound. And come Monday morning.
Winner will listen all current responsibilities of morning drivers andality at a substantially reduced salary in addition to responsibilities of all genital, clerical and maintenance staff.
Look guy who's on. How do you are in? People listening. Go in.
It's 11.03. Oh boy. Just took a swig of soda. Just to have nothing abruptly ended. That was not good.
810 votes on the pool. That's okay. It's not great. I'm telling what else isn't good. And I forgot to do this in the beginning of the show.
It's not. Two US soldiers in a Marine were killed in a rack. The US military said today bringing the number of Americans who died in the country so far this month.
And today's only the 10th of the month by the way to 23. How does bloody last month so far? But we had a long way to go.
That's the bad news about that. Very bad. Democrats are set to subpoena. The new majority is expected.
The old hearings on military spending in the record just for starters as the LA Times. How do you like that? Good.
All the hearings all the time. Let's drag their ass in there. Let's drag them through it. All these criminals, all these bootiers, these murderers, these liars.
I'm hearing that. These derelicks. Representative Ice Shelton knows what he'll do in one of his first acts as chairman of the Armed Services Committee.
The Democratic Red House. Renzo Rector subcommittee on oversight and investigations. The panel was disbanded by the Republicans after they won control of Congress in 94.
Now Skeleton, Democratic Missouri, intends to use it as a forum to probe Pentagon's spending and the Bush administration's conduct of the Iraq war.
It's been 12 years since Democrats were in control of both the House and the Senate but they're looking to make up for lost time and in some cases make the Bush administration and its business allies sweat.
They're going to be sweating the goldies. That's what we're playing today by the way. All these like my anus like that.
Are they citing? Really? No, not that one. Oh, I said like that. Nothing's like that one. With control of every committee in Congress starting in January, the new majority will inherit broad powers to subpoena and investigate.
And that's expected to translate into wide ranging and contentious hearings. Good. Stick it to a man. The agenda is likely to be dominated by the Iraq war but could also include
the Bush administration's warrantless surveillance, environmental policies and new prescription drug program for seniors. Industry such as oil companies could also come under closer scrutiny.
The American people sent a clear message that they don't want to rubber stand Congress that simply signs off on the president's agenda to represent if John Conniers of Michigan who's been
willing to become chairman of the House of the East Area Committee. He's going to give them real source man. Instead they voted for a new direction for America. He said in a real second balance against governmental overreaching.
Conniers and other Democrats say that that sort of scrutiny has been noticeably absent over the last six years. Democrats accuse Republicans of being complicit as Bush has led the nation into an unwinnable war in the Dapte Canal policies that favor the rich and big
business. A lot of surprise that a Republican president would favor big business. What did I say a lot of time ago?
I can't tell before before this election. Unless you're either very rich or a religious nut or both of the above which is certainly possible unless you can't possibly vote for Bush.
Remember I said that? Yeah, what do you know? But a lot of sluppers did. Under Republican control, Congress did subpoena baseball players to discuss steroid use in some of the oil industry executives to justify record profits at a time of high gasoline prices.
That was very important for what's going on in the world today is subpoena. There was baseball players so that Ilya and Rosanna Danikin sit there and say, I'll raffle you.
Such a wonderful credit to our community in Jose. Don't do it again. How's Ilya doing? Your people, man. It's just very sad. What we have to be worried of in the American people will be worried of is a subpoena bizarre here on Capitol Hill and the government by investigation by Democrats said Kevin Madden.
They spoke for a housemajorated leader John Bainer, a real bonehead. But even some scholarly folks say recent GOP oversight has been like folks. Yeah, like Bush always says about the evil. There's what we have to find these folks.
They're folk kind of he's kind of a folksy guy, you know. This could be remembered as a historically unique period in which administration got immunity from Congress to engage in errors with impunity central T for University of Baltimore law professor and former House counsel.
They're leaving Nancy Pelosi. Democrats also ruled some investigations out of bounds. Connoisse is what a Congress and determine whether they're grounds to impeach Bush. But Pelosi said that will not happen. And even how he deans is that ain't going to happen. We're going to get to that.
How do you like that? Isn't that pathetic? They should be they should be plotting on every now and then. You know when they all get down on these and they all come to a round here and blah blah blah blah.
They're plotting and planning. That's what they ought to be doing is impeachment hearings right now. Thousands and thousands of dead people almost 3000 dead Americans and allies. You know those countries the nations of the willing.
Like Azerbaijan and 150 to 1000 or more dead Iraqis and this this butcher and we've got us into it all based on a pack of lies.
And I'll tell you what's the other dragon there's that sell out freaking cold and Paul they had a drag his day and ask in there to that's right.
Holding up that file without a file performance in front of you and and Saddam Hussein's got yeah. It's not saying what Saddam Hussein's got okay.
A bad beard and a mustache your mama 820 votes on the pool I just keep it posted on it once we get to 1000 I'm going to get off of that because they don't like that. I got it.
You know what that you're going to get off of that I'll get off of it. I want to tell you out of the show what's what's the point it's not the kind of a pull it's not like an opinion pause is to survey.
How long is your middle finger very long short you know like that here take a look at this one it's a median.
Marine Dow to come to that moment writes Marine the Queen in the New York Times.
Poppy Bush and James Baker gave Sunday the president to play with any broken so now they're taking it back.
They're dragging W. away from those reckless older guys have been such a bad influence and getting some new minders who are a lot more practical.
In a scene that might be called murder on the oval express.
Rummy turned up dead with so many knives in them that's impossible to say you actually finished off the old man build as Washington's most skilled in fighter.
Poppy Skokra Baker Laura Connie the silver fox retired generals serving general Scootchoo generals troops returned to record them teams time without a decent strategy Democrats Republicans Julie Burman.
Question mark. The defense chief got hung out to drive before Sodom got hung the president and Carl Rowe underestimate the public's hunger for change overestimating the loyalty of a Fed up base did not ice rummy in time to send the Senate from teedering democratic.
But once Sonny managed to heedlessly dynamite the Republican majority as well as the Middle East the Atlantic Alliance and the US Army then Bush inked the family firm that snaps the presidency for W in 2000 had to step in.
Two trusted members of the Bush 41 War Council Mr Baker and Robert Gates have been dispatched to discipline the delinquent juvenile and extricating from the mother of all messes.
Mr Gates already on Baker's how do we get Sonny out of deep doodoo in Iraq study group left the job protecting 41's papers of Texas a.n.m. to return to Washington and pride the fingers of Poppy's old menace's rummy off the Pentagon.
They had to bring in someone from the old gang said someone from the old gang this has to make junior uneasy with Bob the doors open again to 41 and Baker and Brent.
W had no choice but to make an eduple you turn he couldn't let Nancy Pelosi's a theme of the cranky rummy for hearings on Iraq.
He's not exactly Mr. Chairman or Mr truthful and he'd be on TV saying something stupid said a Bush 41 a federal Bob can just go up to the hill and say I don't know I wasn't there when that happened.
Bob Gates's friends say had been worried about the belligerent arrogant ideological style of rummy and channy from the start.
He fredded the way W is so called foreign policy dream team including his old staff and fellow Soviet expert Condi made it up as they went along even though that had been their complaint about the Clinton foreign policy team.
A real politic advocate like his mentor general school crop he was critical of a linear moralizing style that sustained nuance demoted diplomacy and inflated villains in 2004 he publicly questioned the administration's approach to Iran.
While vice went off to a corner to lick his wounds W was forced to do his best imitation of his dad yesterday talking about bipartisan outreach people have spoken blah blah blah after been out on the trail saying that electing Democrats would mean that the terrorists win in America loses.
I share a large part of the responsibility for the front of Republicans equal reporters actually he gets full responsibility.
W is stopped talking about democracy as a standard success in Iraq yesterday he said that Iraq had the government itself to sustain itself and defend itself.
He was asked if his depressive Prime Minister of the election result he was out of touch with Americans.
I thought when it was all said and done he replied the American people would understand the importance of taxes and the importance of security.
So it was just that the American people were too dumb to understand W also managed to bash Vietnam veterans saying that this war isn't similar because there's a volunteer army so the truth is understand the consequences of Iraq and the global war on terror.
Is that why W stayed out of here non because he understood it?
An action run he was also condescending during some comfortable table with W and Bob Gates in the Oval Office.
In fact he was dumped because Americans just didn't comprehend what was going on in Iraq.
Actually run me we get it you don't get it.
Baker is no fool of Bush 41 official said he was going to go out there with a plan for a wreck and have run me shoot it down.
He wanted a receptive audience everyone had to be on the same page before the plan is unveiled.
They don't call him the velvet hammer for nothing.
RIP run me since morning dot. Rest in pieces.
I don't like that.
You go for that.
You're the hyphen smoking right up there on your balls caught you silly goose you.
So when's Bush's I was coming back to you and I was not forgot him on today I think.
Yes you do I heard them on me he does.
I thought he had something about that this morning by Bush Davis he's coming back really Yahoo man really Yahoo.
He puts the red and red neck Bush Davis.
835 votes in a poll like I said I'll get off of that once we get to 1000 so you better hop on that thing and I'll just forget about it.
Right isn't that the way to do it tell about the poll is in the encouraging the vote and then just bug out about it.
Right.
So biggest name.
Thank you.
Thank you.
It's a complete bust.
Really tell me what a deep brain.
They put shot as he's supposed to be Mr. Everyman who comments like you and I would if we're watching the game.
And let me remind everybody once again television is for pretty people.
For real.
For R.I.C.V.
For the Mad John.
For the original 516.
For the U.A.M.
It's thought to out Friday you bastards.
The federal government is just more than the government's people.
Under withering citizens of the most parties proud offered no apology and mostly blame others for the debauches that cost hundreds of dollars.
Mike Brown.
There's no one that to blame I said Brownie.
You're the government shame I said Brownie.
The circle is up and blame there's no one.
I know who's more lame George Bush.
You better make him shut up before he says.
If we're true we'll messed up you can defend him.
But I'm sure you will find many things that he should do time.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm just way too dumb to run the F.E.M.A.
Some people died when he ran F.E.M.A.
Now but everyone knows that your leadership votes.
You can go back to your part shows.
Today folks are public and banned Democrats criticize the fact that Brown is still on the federal payroll.
That maybe because as long as he remains an administration official his testimony must be cleared by the White House.
Well maybe 1119 at 560 W.C.M.
He was just horseing around old Brownie Brown wasn't he?
All the time.
Remember that I think you were a old Dixie down?
That was Joan Baez wasn't it?
I'm looking.
I don't have it.
You don't have what?
You don't have Joe Baez how about we got this?
Yeah we do.
And your trail was made by the Church of the State of Part 2.
Dan Quayle what does that say to your man George Bush Dan Quayle some of the dumbest...
Well people in history they've been the president vice president.
They've been like they had their finger on the button one thumb in their rectum.
Wow.
Pretty scary you know what?
Yeah.
People just want to be left alone and so just leave us alone.
Don't set off too many bombs and just cut the crap.
The group Al Qaeda in Iraq claimed a new audio tape today to have mobilized 12,000 fighters in the war torn country.
The Al Qaeda army has 12,000 fighters in Iraq and they have vowed to die for God's sake.
Said group leader Abu Hasma al-Munajir whatever the hell his name is.
An audio tape made available on militant websites.
Also known as Abu Ayub al-Masri al-Mujjahajir became leader of Al Qaeda in Iraq after Abu Musab al-Zakari was killed by the US military in tune.
There's a lot of Abu's and Musab's and whatever.
Remember A-Hand the A-Ram by Ray Stevens?
Yes I did.
How's that too?
How's my D-N-Jahajir?
Describing George W. Bush's the most stupid president of the US history they all kindly reached out to the Muslim world and said his group was winning faster than expected in Iraq.
The most stupid president in the US history.
Ray Stevens, how's your panel range at the time?
You lost them the visit, couldn't you?
Oi!
And as soon as it's going to start he chumps it off.
Maybe.
Let's look for the facility.
He knows I'm going to nail it like a champion man.
And so as a result just to make me look bad like a daughtering a wolf who I know I know the real originally I'd lunch with Joe Buddy.
That's right.
That's what George plotting your demise.
Plotting and planning.
That's right.
I've got a lot of practice.
A lot of practice doing that is what I'm hearing.
That's what I've been told.
857 votes on a pool they're creeping and crawling.
I'm not going to read it again until we get to a thousand and I'll read it once more and I'll show up about it.
Maybe we'll stop doing the pool.
Yeah, who?
Right.
What?
You love the pool.
Get out of here.
You started to get this personal again?
Only some pools.
I say some are better than others believe you mean.
Trust me when I tell you I'm the expert.
I mean a life study well at least in many years.
857 on a pool so hop on air and make up an answer.
So we get to the thousands right and shut up about it already.
Let's get rid of the pool.
In fact, you know something that's a pool idea for Monday.
What was that?
Should we get rid of the pools?
Could I do like that idea?
No, it's a good pool.
I think it's a stellar idea.
Should we smit candy pools?
And then of course the choices could be and just stop doing them all together or put them on haters.
Take a few months off.
Wait till Georgia's on again and start to pull up against me as to come up with a pool.
Yeah, that's called getting even better yet.
Is Italy wedding mission impossible for crews?
We got to have one of these Tomcat or brand-zolinas stories or a Britney story, you know.
Or you know what they're calling K-fed now?
K-fed X?
Yeah, not cute.
Brachiano Italy.
A romantic Italian wedding for Hollywood couple Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes might be a mission impossible for local officials.
The priest would jurisdiction over the dreamy Lakeside castle tipped as the chosen location for the wedding says.
His parish won't marry Cruise and the mayor says he can't because the couple haven't done the official paperwork.
I do like that.
Maybe they can bring in the paparazzi.
Poparazzi.
The small and Italian town of Brachiano has been swimming with pictures snapping paparazzi since El Mesa Giro newspaper reported that Castello or Delacchi in the town was chosen by the couple for their wedding later this month.
But rules of the local bureaucracy and the Roman Catholic Church appear to be a lot tougher than any of the macho super secret spies.
Cruises character regularly defeats and mission impossible movies.
Mayor Papini, Steven Cielini told Reuters she would like the wedding to take place.
But then it was unlikely any celebration would be blessed with state recognition, even if the couple haven't provided the needed documents.
I don't think it'll be legal, as she said.
On an Italian level, there are papers and documents that we certainly don't have for any wedding.
Somebody that was never going to be any wedding, you know, just a pretensible wedding, just like a pretensive marriage and a pretensive whatever.
Oh, not Joan Baez, he actually found it.
Yep.
The virtual street has a feminine voice.
So much cavalry came and tore up the tracks again.
Are you picking up in Joni again?
Poor Joan Baez.
I don't know what that all is, okay?
Tells you know about the world Vietnam and all those protests songs, which that was one of them.
I saw that movie.
What is that song about the night they were all mixing down?
What is that?
Is it about the Confederate War?
Of course, the Confederate War, the Civil War.
The Confederate War, my aunt.
The Prince of the States.
Oh.
Speaking of gay, Republican National Committee Chairman Ken Milman announced he's going to step down to him to the earth.
Thank God, okay?
Every time he opens up his mouth real wide, I start getting visions.
You know, I'd like to practice, makes perfect you.
The White House is already searching for a replacement or replacement to leave the party into the 2008 presidential campaign cycle.
Two sources speaking on condition and in the reof course, because he might out them,
said, Melman has made clear to close associates for some time.
He was likely to leave after these 2006 elections and that there is no dissatisfaction with his performance in the midterm cycle.
Heck of a job, Brownie Hound.
One name that's just come up as a possible replacement is not going to Maryland to attend a governor Michael Steele who just lost the US center race.
You know, on election night, the coverage, it was really amusing to show you how some people in the media bend over backward all of them were doing the same thing.
Well, he ran a great campaign because he didn't say anything.
Michael Steele.
Okay.
Yeah, that's what they all kept saying.
He ran a great campaign about nothing, he didn't say anything, so that's why it was great.
He still lost.
One of the sources said a more likely scenario is for a steal to join the Bush administration and another capacity.
After the first of the year, when a few members of the Bush cabinet under senior officials are expected to leave,
one scenario under discussion should Melman leave according to the two of the sources has to split the R&C leadership duties,
a model, both parties have used it times in the past.
Under this approach and party, I probably brought into one day to day affairs and a prominent Republican,
most likely a former office holder, be named General Chairman of the Fascist Party.
They're on the way out, they're done.
The experiment with fascism didn't go very big, even some of the dumbest of the dumb.
In Yahoo States, that was the thing that was really amazing.
In Yahoo States like Virginia and Montana would all do respect to you.
And Missouri.
Missouri, what do they could do at their Montana?
They all knew how.
It burns.
874 votes on the pool and I'm sure as I wish you stopped talking.
The biggest name, so best talent.
I say get rid of it, I'm not a polite.
I'm a 20 or 560, you are.
From 77W ABC, go, go, go.
All right.
I just want to be a bomb upon the government.
I'm a bomb upon the government.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a bomb, I'm a bomb, I'm a bad man.
I know I love me, I'm a beat.
I'm a bomb upon the government.
I'm a bomb upon the government.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
I'm a flame, I'm a flame.
Oh, let him speak the Taliban.
I just want to be the Taliban.
Boy!
1133-27-056-2W,
and QAM Mad Dog from Hooters and Pompano with two of the power hour
with the Humber and the Mad Dog together for the four to five.
The Humber and Solo, maybe with Seth Greenberg at the Fiverr's Lot.
And then we have just the kill a half an hour and there.
We got an opening tip with Bimbo Coast, so I'm assuming that he's our plane tonight, right?
If it's opening tip.
I believe so, yeah.
Do we have that game?
No.
No, we got the Panther game, no Panthers and the Sabers and Buffalo.
Oh, man, Gelties and Buffalo and World of Zrd.
A good place for him, if ever there was.
So George had a big lunch with our general manager, Joe Bud yesterday, who said,
a little bit more like that and nothing.
George said it was a pretty lunch.
Mm-hmm.
He said that he absolutely went spastic and spilled his guts about this,
but a beep, but a beep, but a bump and just said,
mm-hmm.
And then he said, pretty much that's a quote.
So what's that kind of doing with sports and what's the kind of doing with my boy clearance?
Okay, clear as his call in the shot.
Sister, remember that.
We're just a, you know, we're just a throw on the side of the sports empire.
I'm sure that Bo Campo was today that when you go to see him at the Characan.
So the Luna Spina?
So the Luna Spina.
Join Camp Bo Camp, or noon to one, that's coming up very soon as a matter of fact.
He's probably on his way over there right now.
Like you a lot came, not your show that much, but we like you.
Listen, nothing is perfect.
Okay, it would be something if I said he was a big clutchesome like that.
He's a good guy, you know.
I mean, not all big goofy guys or bad guys.
And aren't they honoring the killer bees at the dolphin game?
Aren't they this Sunday?
Yeah.
And that's what I heard them say.
Bomm Harb, Bo Campo, Betters, who's the other one?
I don't know.
What do you mean you don't know?
How's AJ doing doing?
Why is she like AJ doing?
I was a dolphin fan back in those days.
I might come as a shock to you, Jay.
And so I got totally turned off by the whole...
Oh, so the Patriots started winning, you know.
And now the Patriots weren't winning when I became a Patriot fan.
And Tom Brady wasn't even on the radar screen.
Don't give me the solid dance again, Mr. Bucks fan.
Mr. Hot Shot because he lived in Brandon for five minutes.
And he used to go to that big shopping mall over there.
What is that shopping mall?
Uh, I think it's the Brandon Town Center.
Wow.
Woo!
Man, oh man.
That is heavy-duty stuff.
That's a good reason to stuff.
You know something, the only reason to go in that part of the stage
is to go through with a drive through a crystal.
Or maybe steak and shake.
There's a crystal down here.
Yeah, we found that out long time ago.
There's one isolated crystal.
Where's it like on Power Line?
It's in sunrise.
On sunrise Boulevard.
Wow.
On sunrise Boulevard.
Way east though I'm assuming.
Yes.
Well, that's not in my territory.
There's a crystal in South Florida.
I can't believe it.
No, we already knew that.
But see, we go over the food again.
Oh, that's right.
Where is almost time for the ice cream and good...
We need coming in.
Right?
We hope.
What time is it showing up?
What do you mean you hope?
Don't know.
What is it that he's involved in that?
Hey, that's a little...
You're fairy.
Why?
He's never let us down.
Well, not recently anyway.
Now, Josh said the deathlet's end that when he's finished.
896 votes on that pool.
So once we get to a thousand like I said,
I give it every sum then you run your own.
I don't want to deal with these pools.
I'm tired of polls, man.
You believe that?
At least the ones on our website.
Of course, that would be bad for the website.
It would cut way down the response wouldn't...
And then Eric wouldn't make those Indians the dollars.
He doesn't make any money off that.
But he doesn't make 50 cent off that website.
It's a labor of love.
That's right.
And he keeps sending me all these bills for the damn...
But bandwidth on there, you know?
Why don't we just just ban the website?
We're doing pretty well anyway.
Huh?
Whoa.
How be it one of the boys in the dispens?
Just a joke, Eric.
Okay, we could never leave without our website.
Because then Josh wouldn't be able to put all his great stories on there.
I mean, he runs his newspaper.
Like he sometimes does like 9.15, 9.30 in the morning.
You haven't done that in a long time.
So it was overdue.
Back in the day, he used to do that all the time.
Very regularly.
You know, I'd come in in the morning.
He'd be...
I could always tell because the stories weren't up there yet.
Yeah, he was over in those days.
Although once...
Yeah, he was a lot busier.
He was a court and in snorten and whatever he was doing.
But now, now that he's got his regular piece, he's...
And now, of course, he's got boozing up quite so much.
All the way.
I don't believe that.
The British Guardian says the fording of A.C.O.
He's a domestic reform agenda will be complicated by the fact that several of the new intake
of Democrats in the Congress are socially conservative and in favor of policies traditionally associated
with the Republicans they answered.
In fact, the headline says, pro-gun, anti-abortion and physically conservative meet the neodemns.
Some of them are pro-guns, while others are anti-abortion.
Some oppose themselves research using human embryos.
And then you're on the way of the Democratic Party that believes in fiscal rectitude
and tight control on public spending.
Back down.
The conservative Democrats or new Democrats as they're sometimes called were disproportionately
represented in the most highly-contested races against Republicans and are elected
to form a substantial block within the new members.
Heath's sure.
You know, I saw that name.
Heath's sure and so I looked up, Windshuler.
I googled it to see if he's still alive.
He had a lot of time ago.
You know, Windshuler's restaurants in Michigan, like in Marshall, Michigan,
were used to do a show called Lunch in the Chalmers.
Nope.
And they still sell that sugar bar cheese.
Do you ever go to a restaurant where they sell that bar cheese and they bring you a crock to the table?
Nope.
That cheddar and a crock and like, you smell your crackers and put it on the bread.
Oh man.
That is to that point.
They sell it by the crock.
Shuler's bar cheese.
Anyway, heath's sure and former American football celebrity, no, heath's sure and he played
it a red skin Josh.
Quarterback.
Yes.
That's every color, really good looking kid too.
Anyway.
What?
Hey, there's certain things that you remember in life.
Okay, certain things that stand out in your mind.
You say, hey, look at that.
He looks pretty good.
Heath's sure and former American football celebrity, no, who's the House of Representatives
and the Seat North Carolina is representative of the group.
He's a Democrat, no less.
He has an evangelical Christian background is on the right of the argument of many social
issues like abortion.
Well, I bring him around.
Now he's old and ugly now.
Democratic party leaders deny that they had an official strategy to fight right wing candidates.
Involverable Republican seats is a way of winning other voters.
But Ron the Manual, chairman of the campaign to win back the House, has said that when they
search for candidates with the best hopes of winning, they ended up with several of
a moderate approach.
As a group, they are moderate in temperament and reformers in spirit.
That's not the experience of Mr. Schroeder, who told local newspapers he'd been reluctant
to stand for election, but was strong-armed into it by Mr. Manual.
Ron was tougher than any of the college coaches who were calling me when I was in high school.
He said, none of the coaches could hold a candle to Ron the Manual's recruiter.
They might hold a candle to his own.
They might have far under him.
Heath's sure.
And he was number five, I think.
Right?
And that is the uniform number.
Yeah, I think so.
You know, mess with me when it comes to good-looking guys and sports.
I may not pay that much attention.
I mean, who cares about the redskins?
Especially with that board again, Joe Gibbs back again, boy, he gives me a pain where I sit.
Although I was sure glad to see them squeaked by the Cowboys.
What is it about the Cowboys that we hit?
I don't know.
There's something beyond that.
You know, they had their day and they won a brilliant championship.
And what's his name you just stand on the sideline with his boring hat, Tom Landry,
and the whole deal.
I'll tell you, Danny White looked pretty good.
The number of conservative Democrats among the 28 who wrestled House seats
from Republican incumbents has yet to emerge, but with 27 of the 40 candidates
in the most contestant seats falling into this category, although he was no Alexi Panekarowski.
I'll tell you that.
But with 27 of the 40 candidates in the most contestant seats falling into this category,
the figure could be substantial.
They'll join an all-racizable caucus with the Democrats in Congress who are on the right of the party,
who will be encouraged line of formally with the two existing subgroups,
the new Democrats, and the blue dog coalition.
The blue dog coalition, what the hell is that?
Do you ever hear that?
No.
It was formed in 1995 largely among seven Democrats and advocates of a balanced budget
and moderate to conservative social policies.
It has actively put forward candidates in elections since 1998,
no one is known as Blue Puffs.
How do you like that?
It goes on, but it'll be put about Mr. Schueller to this, and that Schueller bar cheese, man.
I have a real problem with food all over.
I didn't lose almost a pound on the scale since yesterday.
And then you're good.
I am proud.
Especially even after we know that the Chinese, that the...
See, Chinese isn't been...
You know, just one thing about Chinese that was sitting on the throne this morning.
It's very length, by the way.
Uh-huh.
Me too.
And if you notice, one thing that Chinese don't eat, you'll never find it on any item in a menu
when a Chinese restaurant is cheese.
That's a good point.
I guess there's one CHL ready in Chinese, although it rhymes with cheese.
Whenever you're something to find some Chinese cheese,
I wonder what that is.
I think I know where I can find some.
I broke in through a bedroom window.
And by the end, it didn't find me.
What I did after was crippled.
But that ain't no good.
If you play, fold the fish.
I guess my girlfriend forgot to tell me.
That the other bitch was someone else's wife.
Oh, man.
But there were us.
There was beef in there, girls.
And I found out when it changed me with a knife.
Why didn't that bitch tell me?
It was too dark to see.
She'd be in bed with her whole feet.
And that's because of the star of the sea.
She don't feel me now.
He's so does that.
I don't even have a wife by the way if you want to Google them on Wikipedia.
I just mentioned that in passing.
The governor honors Florida's last surviving World War I veteran.
111 years of age in Bradenton, which isn't too far from Brandon,
which isn't too far from Mesura Soda, which isn't too far from your mama.
Guess what this guy's name is?
Ernest Charles, and his last name is spelled P-U-S-E-Y.
I say P-U-C.
111 years old, and one of his kind of the oldest harness driver from Yonkers and Roosevelt
was named, I think, was Marcel P-U-C.
111 years old, and Natalie Italian, adress shirt and light blue card again,
smiled slightly when fat ass governor Jeff Bush walked in his trailer Friday
and gave him a medal for helping in the World War I.
P-U-C is friends called him Ernie.
Wasn't feeling too talkative, but seemed to enjoy the hub of surrounded me
awarding of his WWI Victory Medal and a visit from the fat ass governor
on the day before Veterans Day.
On the day we're celebrating Veterans Day.
Oh, look at this, here's a picture of all this food.
There's an ad for publics in the middle of the story, and there's all this food on here.
Oh, what's with the food stuff, lately, man?
Is there a stuff there yet?
No.
Oh, what time's it supposed to be there?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Someone out there is a murderer.
That region, and now that one we could play all day,
because that one just sends me right to the toilet.
Oh, it's not supposed to be funny.
I know, but it is.
Well, I mean, it's not funny that somebody got murdered,
but there are a lot of people get murdered, and it's just,
if they're not football players on this station,
that only don't we get excited about it, we don't care, okay?
If you get murdered out there, you're not a jock.
We don't care.
So just in case I'd be wearing a jock strap every day,
just in case you get murdered, and then we'd say,
well, at least I was wearing a jock strap at the moment of his death.
It looks pretty good, doesn't it?
Pucy's indeed, especially, he's one of just 15 living World War One veterans
out of nearly five men in the served, and the only one in Florida.
He was in the US Navy in 1917 to 1919 aboard the battleship.
I don't think I'd want to live to 111, you know?
You would you?
Depends on how I'm doing.
Well, that's what I'm saying.
I mean, if I could be to 111 and still be like,
I am right now, a spy and fat and a happy, that would be fine.
Tell Joe, by the way, I'm very happy and a quick bugger me.
It sounds like he's not happy that I'm happy.
He's not happy that you're happy.
He's not like my mother.
Anyway, Pucy was in the US Navy 17 to 19 aboard the battleship USS Wyoming,
which spent much of the war patrolling the sea lanes around the British Isles.
He was hired at General Motors 1926,
worked with a company in Flint, Michigan for 32 years,
and our General Motors' oldest living retiree.
He moved to Florida in 1960s, lived in the same trailer park for more than 40 years.
You go Ernie, whatever his name is, what's his name?
Pucy.
Pucy told Boji he doesn't feel too good some days,
and he has trouble getting around.
But he remembers his time on that battleship nearly 90 years ago,
especially stopping in different cities out there, he said.
A black and white photo of the ship hangs on the wall and is living room near a frame letter.
Congratulations, he received them this birthday in April from President Bush,
the fat-ass governor's older brother of course.
The most amazing thing about Ernie is when I see him come home from church,
get out of the car and walk in the house by himself, say, Jim Jones lives across the street.
It's telling you something about his soul.
The man just glows. He glows.
Maybe he said, he didn't, what?
He said, Pucy didn't recall getting a medal after the war,
and nobody could find any of it in his city hand.
So giving it to him for veterans, they seemed fitting.
Ernie, Pucy is 111 years old, he's the oldest Caribbean,
the third oldest American, the fifth oldest in the world,
the oldest surviving WDW-1 veteran,
and it's not going to be able to give him his World War I medal, fat-ass Bush said.
The first step was actually finding a World War I victory medal
since it's not like the US government has them lying around anymore.
Rocky McPherson, I wonder if he's become a king to Rocky Raccoon.
Rocky McPherson, he's taken him directly to the Florida Department of Veterans Affairs,
got on the case, finally tracked one of the medals down on a shop in Cuatico, Virginia.
Last year there were four WDW veterans in Florida McPherson said,
but two of died one moved to Alabama, so Pucy deserves all the fuss.
Make a big fuss about Pucy. Most guys do.
I think he's pretty happy gentlemen, he looks pretty good McPherson said,
what is mine to sharp, sharp as a tack, just like my mind sharp as a maceable.
Pucy, Pucy, careful.
Whatever the hell his name is, okay, when you get to be 111 people call you whatever they want,
what do you care? He is a full-time caretaker and beside going to church,
he's stepping out for a scalloped dinner every Sunday.
Woo, I do like scalloped, but I know it's not in no carbs, it's a good one.
It's the only seafood I don't like.
You don't like scalloped?
I don't like scalloped, they're texture, they're kind of gritty.
Get out of here scalloped, you like scalloped, guys?
They have no taste really to me.
Anyway, he's tried nursing homes a few times before he's living in his trailer.
It's pretty amazing fat ass boy, he said his inspiration to us all,
said your fat ass governor, who luckily thank God for us,
we've gone in a couple of months, good.
And now they're rumbling about, oh wow, that boy should be a great candidate for president in O'Jab.
Oh, look at that boy.
He's been got it, he's been got it, he's been got it.
Don't forget, Bo Camper's gonna be showing up, he's probably there right now already,
a char-hunt in Pembert Pines.
That's on tap, just east of Flamingo.
Let's see, I'm trying to think of where that one is.
It's on tap.
Oh, I know exactly where that one is.
You know where that one is?
No.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, Bo Camper's gonna be there.
He'll go there and have lunch with Kimbo, okay?
Throw him a few scraps, he'll eat them all.
You don't get to stay that huge as he is without consuming enormous quantities of food.
How we go on the food jag again?
It's the old fag on the food jag.
When he's in on a CNN program during its live airing at 9 p.m.,
Larry King's somebody who affects this in, by the way.
Also somebody says, the article below is in reference to Bill Marr talking about Ken Millman,
which editor and publisher doesn't have the ballast to write his name in the article.
Also I suggest him for your poll, says the effects here.
Just do it once we can start it on Friday immediately after the show,
so that on Monday you can be talking about how you have 2000 votes on the poll.
Or let me say, I didn't do Wednesday anyway.
On Wednesday, and I did see a second or two of that when I saw that he had torpedoed Bill Marr on there,
I switched that dial immediately.
Larry King pressed Bill Marr for names when the comedian suggested after ripping anti-gay attitudes among Republicans
that several top GOP insiders were gay.
Did you look up a heat shooter by the way?
You see his very, how looking wife?
I think that's his wife, I don't know.
Marr seemed reluctant, but eventually caught up on the name of a prominent GOP party leader.
He said he wasn't worried about getting sued because others had done the same before him.
End of story? Not quite.
That portion of the interview was quickly remarked on at various blogs,
and John Aerovosis of the popular liberal blog, America Blog,
put up a video, same on you tube.
The name of the added Republican appearance, he had in his transcript of the King show.
Then yesterday morning someone tipped their voices to the fact that the exchange between King and Marr had been edited
to delete the outing and the rebroadcast of the King show.
Also in CNN's online video, but the original was still airing at you tube.
So we put two videos up together for comparison,
this through much traffic and chatter and other sites.
By midnight, at the noon yesterday, however, Aerovosis reported that you tube,
responded to CNN's demand, had pulled the original video and sent him and presumably others
when he regarded as a cease-and-decyster,
citing copyright infringement.
Yeah, copyright infringement, my ass.
Aerovosis, a lawyer, said he would defy it and put it out the video,
was still running at the popular Huffing and Post blog.
He added that he intended to cut back his excerpts to about 10 seconds.
I have a lot of grief from Georgetown.
I know intellectual property laws are concerns journalism, he wrote.
You can post an 8 to 10 second video clip, his fair use for news purposes,
and that's what I plan to do.
And if CNN and Google tried to close down my u tube account
for using an 8 to 10 second snippet for news purposes,
they're going to have serious problems, he said.
You go, John.
How do you like that?
So I guess Bill Maher outed Kim Melman,
and as if this is something like with the Charlie Christ.
I guess it was okay for Miss Foley because the transcripts of those
salacious emails got out, you know, when in doubt they got out.
But when it comes to certain other queens like,
yeah, Charlie Christ and the Kim Melman and Miss Foley
and people like that, well, mom is the word, you know, cover it up.
Yeah, cover that thing up Miss Foley.
940 on the pool, man, 940.
Remember that was really a great radio station when I used to work on it?
The biggest name, so best talent.
If this is Neil Rogers, 4th radio,
and it really has holidays like WIENSAM.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M.
All right.
Mark was a pretty good girl.
I was a pretty good girl.
I was a pretty good girl.
Mark was a pretty good girl.
Three, three, five, five, four, five.
That thing on her ears.
It looks so good.
Where are that thing?
Looks like it hurts.
It's the same size as the three riders or the winner.
I've seen one that looks good in here.
And I've seen it all.
It's just one guy's yet.
Mark was a pretty good girl.
I was a pretty good girl.
Mark was a pretty good girl.
I was a pretty good girl.
Mark was a pretty good girl.
Mark was a pretty good girl.
Mark was a pretty good girl.
Mark was a pretty good girl.
Mark was a pretty good girl.
Mark was a pretty good girl.
Mark was a pretty good girl.
Tap that kid when he hits.
, using it in the coaster and like three.
Fl, bacon and gravel prisoners.
Mark was a pretty good girl.
Going way down.
Mark was a pretty good woman.
Mark was a pretty good girl.
Mark was a pretty good girl.
Got one two to five sixty W,ously.
Happy Freddy.
Happy veterans day.
happy uh... you know that the book i present uh... chara right now
now one time okay
okay and gildies and buffalo i'm uh... buffalo wings
chicken wings
i don't know what the big deal the big sumis is with chicken wings i guess your
food didn't get there yet
no but something else did
what's that
match point
you know
well it's unusual because it didn't come in a it's not like an envelope uh...
an amazon kind of an envelope
it looks like it was sent by people
and let's write a third party that uh... that's correct well it aren't you
from a different fact that amazon has a lot of stuff on the course and i
do it often well there you go
third party orders but so i was in sent a little bit of the it showed up here
in uh... handwritten envelope uh... little hand made jubbi no way i am so excited
man i'm gonna squeeze my kneecap right now
whoo not that hard can't wait
you'll love it
he's savoring this over the weekend when you're done past along to a jockey
for some time of the busy for lots of lots of the
uh... i'll keep a clean for your job
you know we do enough of that now okay
and there's people read all the stories on there so what's the big
simmissive and i don't like having ever had anybody delivered boy leave the
newspaper late in the morning
sure
no
yet
so what's a big deal and i've got it on okay
in addition which
that gives you some look forward to
uh...
although in the other papers there
all i sure wish for the days of the old Hollywood son tatler remember that
newspaper no you were in the hall with
what a piece of crap that was the Hollywood son tatler
man i think i'm sick of the a dog track selects for the Hollywood son
teller and i did a harness racing selection for the uh... mime news
and then time to do the dog track selected for the mime news it's really
interesting that every newspaper i was involved with a way they all went out
of business just like a radio stations i worked out
speaker martial michigan w m r r in martial michigan home of when sure
although that's what was talking about lunch in the chalers that was on w a
l m and albie michigan
it's time for luncheon at chalers
and you know what the show consistent with a fifteen minutes show
and was organ music and they're like a live organist his name is an old guy
his name was
gay potter gay potter
crisp back in that day i mean it was you know let me know from gay
you know i'm saying
uh... i mean i knew from it by just to know what the hell i mean nobody used to
say that your game like that
like weird
here
happy organ is a baby Cortez
but he said Monday all music man
i think that's the new ones and tell you
joe bill
we go home on the music and still kick ass over the sports hours
but you think you think we can do it
let's give it a shot start with a baby Cortez and the happy organ
and
like a happy organ man
how you do
and we'll be the same
i thought that's what i've always said
and
sorry i missed it
and nothing like a happy organ but not too happy
french peacekeeping troops in lesbian on recently came within two seconds
firing missiles that is really fighter jets that approach is if to attack them
french defense minister michelle all the old knowledge said
and then
other french are just all
disgusting
there's any french people out there want to take a personal good
speaker law house a problem and uh... wednesday night she said it was a
latest string of incidents in which is really warplanes
and adopted a hostile attitude to french and german forces
and that it was not tolerable
how do you like that
a catastrophe was nearly avoided by our troops you said according to the
transcript of her comments
a foreign ministry spokesman said the events occurred october thirty one
the french car minister some of the israeli israel's ambassador in perist
home is your should ensure such incidents do not happen again
don't be doing it again you crazy do bastards
israeli f-fee and the senate roughly and then rose quickly as if they were
dropping bombs are firing at the french ground forces which are part of the
one peacekeeping force
you know she said
and with the defense our soldiers recover the coverage from the missile
battery and were two seconds away from firing at the planes that were threatened
in the she said
uh... is really just a bottom-point of a lesbian on since that
grotesque thirty four day war with his blogger was in the dog is fourteen
and grotesque is an understanding there's a read
comic by part of that man in the suit
or he is about his boring is the day long you know he is just
comba inducing
we're not following that example
and at the white house that for some year we don't care
nine hundred fifty two votes on a poll we get to that thousand spread of the
very late start because i don't know maybe just on the same way of life
maybe just decided not to mess with those stories last night
and i thought i'll put the whole on the one again around we actually that's
what i thought of the polls and also
yeah
the old back into it i'll just uh... you know i'll just grew up to know you
were thinking that's what i think i'll screw you
but it's in these richards by the way i think she's hot how many kids she's
got
you know where she is he's in richman british columbia
and
spokesman for the news richards when the gress at popperati for a one-in
that counted the hot i would act risk to toss a pair of laptop from a balcony
causing minor injuries to two elderly women
powered by the spokesman for the river rock casino resort in the bank for a
career of bank who were suburb
confirmed the incident took place when the evening global tv reported richards
was filming a scene for the movie blonde and blonder
although i think you're you'll agree with me that
what's your name in the movie about right there might point
scarlet your hands in she's uh...
hearted fearless
anyway they were filming a scene for blonde blonder when she allegedly
confronted a photographer trying to take her picture
richards which is to the laptop computers off a balcony
hitting two elderly women sitting in the lobby below
permedics were probably the women didn't appear to be seriously injured
based on the actions of the popperati they're lucky their laptops were the
only things that were thrown off the red richards publicist
Nicole for a sudden a late Thursday
statement from blonde and blonde producer blonde or producer being born
steam indicated a number of authorized persons that are on the set began
harassing members of the cast
while trying to stop the popperati the needs which is was involved in all
the occasion born scenes and to protect her safety we uh... she uh... yeah
heared computers
she heave that
now what you do that i think you like threatened to take like your laptop in
he went out to win the heater he's like up on a balcony somewhere
there's a bunch of old guest he's down to the
nine hundred fifty nine votes on the poll
for so many so many uh... i can't believe your food is there i think you're
getting shy today
it's possible
that is possible now who told you you're getting the food today wasn't much
said that yes
he asked permission to serve to be okay if they came back in again on Friday
said sure no problem
those guys love those times of ice cream and that they increased weight and blood
sugar it was great
i'm thinking about getting me some uh... kid cat ice cream right now it
but i can't it doesn't exist i don't think well i don't know yet
i've been scoured for it i mean i don't want to exist but not here
that i wrote an i recall for that they were going to be a false this weekend
okay not to gamble just the ice cream
i don't need ice cream okay believe you mean ice cream use cream
we're all screamers i don't want to ice cream
that's right
i'll take it one thing man diabetes is held i'm just telling you that right now
you people are like on the verge of it or you know fat and you think you're
getting yourself don't get that diabetes
do not do it
can eat your pizza you can eat your regular pasta you can eat your ice
cream and then of course that uh... you know
sugar free stuff as little with sorbet all that's a good way to lose weight
sit on a crap all day
that's what you'll be doing
they're all kinds of a sugar for ice cream
first of all tastes like crap anyway doesn't
what
i should be free ice cream oh what's the point of that
what's the point of that sugar free ice cream
all i should be candy same thing is filled with maltitol and so on crap at
all of the taste good no other than that
nine hundred sixty three
we'll tell you if you don't have to keep it and remember i asked
what we do those uh... in sip and crossovers for a while
and i think he was taking his blood sugar and said no he goes to the doctor
like once every year three months
i mean what is that
what is that
i think uh... he's the poster trial for trawley bratson death wish
don't you
i think so
i mean as big as a house and he's got diabetes and he don't take his blood
sugar
don't see any person is fingertips there
we'll see my fingertips especially on my right hand
without a pricks
well you know i take my blood sugar like about a half a dozen times at least
every day
what
okay enough of that
i know exactly where you're going with it and we don't want to go there okay not
yet
i'm saying you're not a senior next lunch with the right what's the
all-crugged in the great we've all been a lot of time to read your this
thing now it's not that long but i don't want to i don't want to have to
interrupt in the middle you know
we just interrupt us i hate that it's like when great we used to come in you
start to have a lot of this in a lot of this
one idiot i was thinking about him this morning
i was shaving about great reading to read in the slightest throat
an evil man if there was one when you agree of course that i remember that one
time we have one of our many many great reading books and he came in there and
he's like he's fisting you you know he's doing you know this routine that was
back in the way before most people did that as a matter of fact i congratulate you
on your hipness and uh... coolness
now you know i try to take her
and these two guys who hate each other like poison i mean this
fives each other and are like high five in the middle of the old fist
routine
all the story nine of those days that no you were not well you're not believe all
these stories and they turned out to be true
this was after that that
maybe it was not i don't know i can't remember
i don't think it was
no because it because that call came in i was here
but i was doing a show here all the time back in those days that was way back
and they really mean i've decided to try to congratulate you so great for me
on by the way i decided to terminate your drug reggaist personally know who
is behind that
but that's the point at least he did the right thing
he did the right thing
how anybody could have
allowed the kind of shenanigans that were going on that can you even begin to
imagine the stuff that was going on that we whenever you've been more privy
to
i can only imagine the stuff that you were privy to they never told me about
yeah
maybe when we come back you'll tell me
some biggest names
four 20 or five
sixty
you
remember
all this golden
cash
wonderful
four 20
two
three
four
three
two
four
four
four
four
four
four
I went a big ass and I was to your hand hop.
Right those.
You're gonna fight somebody good enough to fill my piggy pants?
Are you lazy?
Yeah.
Right now, James, I love that they come and back.
Yeah.
I'm sorry, if you're doing a little weird event, come direct.
If you wanna know when I'll send you from shutting that transpetitive lounge, why?
That's easy.
Sure.
Yeah.
All you need is smoke.
Right just on the ground.
All you need is smoke.
I'm out there.
All you need is smoke.
It's a joke, bro.
I love you all, James.
It's your turn.
I think you're most pretty smart, only got you today.
Right there, my reading's just bottomed out in this cage.
It's right now, I have to read all these doors.
I'm gonna get you some awards.
And we did it.
All you need is smoke.
Stop reading.
All you need is smoke.
It's your turn.
All you need is a show.
It's your blow.
All right.
I love you all, James.
I'm gonna get you some ice cream.
You might have wasted some.
Change that coldly again.
I'm gonna get you some ice cream.
You're gonna get me some ice cream.
You're gonna get me some ice cream.
I'm gonna get you some ice cream.
From 1965 to 1960, I'm gonna show you how I'm so
anyways, it's dawned on me that that call did come in when I was here,
but I wasn't doing the show all the time here because I remember I was there in that building
on the day that you have a new big meeting with Greg.
Remember that?
This was at the time he was ready to fire your ass.
Okay.
Because he was under great duress from certain...
Don't know what I'm doing with these visuals.
That's what he really wanted, didn't he?
He didn't excuse.
Anyway, I remember you, he came there in the morning and I was like,
I don't know where the hell I went in the head.
And I came back and I said, well how to go and, well not good.
Because you guys hated each other like poison.
But they're always high five and then put on his big foamy accent.
I hated him.
You did.
You do.
Do.
Because at the time I was in denial, I couldn't believe it.
You know, somebody that's so friendly to you to your face would be saying the things that he was saying.
Right behind your back.
Well he talked behind your back.
You know how that is?
Working hard like a son of a bitch to keep the show going and doing it with you all.
He said, well son of a bitch, doing a way better job than any of the people that he was stuck in a round with.
Right.
Most of whom were all gone by now.
In fact, isn't it interesting how the worm has turned out since the Greg Readers have gotten his ass cam?
I mean since how he just bumped up to be in their consultant now.
And when you tell me that he still has the balls to show up there, I mean that's...
You call that a consultant?
Amazing to me.
It's shocking.
It's either a combination of Hutzwats, DuPinity and or both.
But anyway.
We don't want to live in the past now.
Do we, although I've said it, the past wasn't also bad in many instances.
Such as.
Such is when we actually had the big numbers on the whole station and making all the bonus.
Oh, you're talking history.
Back in the history past.
Yeah.
985 votes in a pool.
Pretty soon we'll have 1000.
And then what?
And then I'll show up about it.
Before Tuesday's midterm elections, Republican officials boasted that they're highly sophisticated.
Get out the vote operation in the final hours would keep Congress in its control.
But at least two notorious and high profile party members didn't go...
Didn't do enough to aid the cause of for the newspaper says.
Mark Foley, the former U.S. Congressman and rehab for booze and sex related problems,
didn't set an absentee ballot request to the St. Lucie County elections office,
throws the land bead rights.
And conservative pun and man colder accused of voting in the wrong precinct earlier this year,
didn't cast your ballot contributing further to the demise of the European Congress.
No, I voted stickish for them, Josie, rights for the Palm Beach Post.
The Associated Press recently reported that Quoters' case will soon be turned over to prosecutors
because of her refusal to cooperate with Fort Election officials.
Quoters engaged in efforts to distract and divert focus on the process regarding this complaint.
Election supervisor Arthur Anderson told the Palm Beach Post.
I did express my frustration of the state attorney in a recent meeting and warned him I may need his services,
he said.
Ironically, Anderson said that Quoters' voting rights would not be rescited for next week's election.
Josie Langley reported for the post last week.
Josie Langbeat.
The Florida paper also reported that Quoters didn't vote in September's primaries.
In her most recent column, Quoters are given that a handful of Democratic victories in the House in Senate
did not mean that there was no mandate for pulling out of a rag.
Right, you go, man, you dumb bitch, you foamy dike.
Quoters also said she had predicted this party Democratic win, Paltry, right?
But it likes to mention imagines from the voting booth this election.
Well, I didn't vote by any need to see if, you know, if for example,
Davis would have lost by one vote to Charlie Chris, I could take the fall for that, you know.
And they said, well, he just didn't vote against Chris because Chris is gay, one of his people, you know.
And one of my people, not one of that white hair and voting pan from the can.
You ever get a pan on the can?
No, not on your own.
Correct, don't you?
Yeah, well.
Sometimes your buck gets a little bit darker if you sit on the can, you know, in the wrong position.
Mm-hmm.
987 on there on the pole.
Paul Krugman, do I have time for this now before the break?
I sure hope so.
Paul writes, the great revulsion.
He says, I'm not feeling giddy as much as greatly relieved.
Okay, maybe a little giddy.
Give him hell, here we are, Nancy.
Here's what I wrote more than three years ago in the introduction of my column collection, The Great Unraveling.
I have a vision, maybe just a hope of a great revulsion.
A moment in which the American people look at what's happening, realized how their good-willed
and patriotism have been abused and put a stop to drive, stopped to this drive to destroy
a much of what's best in our country.
At the time, the right was still celebrating the illusion of victory in Iraq and the bizarre
bush personality cult was still in full flower.
But now the great revulsion has arrived.
Two days of election was truly stunning victory for the Democrats.
Candidates flying to caucus of the Democrats took 24 of the 33 Senate seats at stake this year,
winning 7 million more votes than Republicans.
In House races, Democrats received about 52% of the two-party vote, giving them a margin more than twice as large
as the 2.5% is pointedly that Mr. Bush planned his a mandate two years ago, and the margin would have been even bigger
if many Democrats hadn't been running on a post.
The election wasn't just the end of the road for Mr. Bush's reign of error, it was also the end of the 12-year Republican dominance of Congress.
The Democrats will now hold a majority in the House that is about as big as the Republicans ever achieved during that era of dominance.
More over the new Democratic majority may well be much more effective than the majority of the party lost in 1994,
thanks to a great regional re-alignment in which the solid North East has replaced the solid South,
Democratic control no longer depends on a block of DC-Crats whose ideological sympathies were often with the other side of the aisle.
Now I don't expect there won't a permanent Democratic lock-on power, but I do hope and believe that this election marks the beginning of the end for the conservative movement that's taken over the Republican Party.
I'm saying that I'm not calling for predicting the end of conservatism, there always have been and always will be conservatives on the American political scene, and that's as it should be.
The diversity of use is part of what makes democracy vital, but we may be seeing the downfall of movement conservatism,
the potent alliance of wealthy individuals, corporate interests, and the religious right that took shape in the 60s and 70s.
This alliance may once have had something to do with ideas, but it's become mainly a corrupt political machine, and America will be a better place if that machine breaks down on.
Why do I want to see a movement conservatism crust?
Partly because the movement is fundamentally undemocratic. It's leaving its donor-septive legitimacy of opposition.
Democrats will only become acceptable to clear growth in Orquoise, the president of Americans for tax reform, once they're comfortable in their minority status.
He had it any farmer will title it, certain animals run around and are on pleasant, but when they've been fixed and they're happy and sedate.
And the determination of the movement to hold on to power it any cross has poisoned our political culture, just think about the campaign that just ended with its coded racism,
the Eceptive Robo calls personal smears, homeless men bust into hand out the Eceptive flyers and lots more.
Not to mention the constant implication that anyone who questions the Bush administration or its policies is very nearly a traitor.
When movement conservatism took it over, the Republican Party ceased to be the party of Eisenhower and became the party of Carl Rove.
The good news is that Carl Rove and the political tendency he represents may both have just self-destructed.
Two years ago people were talking about permanent right-wing dominance of American politics, but since then the American people have gotten a clearer sense of what ruled by movement conservative as means.
They've seen the movement take us into an unnecessary war and box every aspect of that war.
They've seen a great American city left the drown. They've seen corruption reach deep into our political process.
They've seen the hypocrisy of those who lecture us on morality and they just said no.
You go Paul. 992 on the porch. You're said about that? No punches, Pood. No punches, Pood.
Now is that guy who does a cursor on Saturday? Is he as goofy as he sounds at a promo, John?
Like I said, 26 pounds.
Hey, just forgot how to use the microphone.
Oh, man, that's okay. He's got a lot of harassment.
He always looks like a thing for this and he's got a kitchen panel who's a bedtime service.
It's Friday, you first year.
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
So by Orange Coast College student trustees, the latest class over Patriotism and Religion
in American schools has infuriated some of their classmates to bat, prompting one young
woman to lovely recite the pledge in front of the board on Wednesday night and defines
the rule.
Oh, they got ho.
They showed them.
They see John Hall singing the stars, Ben O'Banner with what's his name?
No.
Oh, on the Comedy Central.
What's his name?
America is the one thing I'm passionate about.
Stephen Coolbear.
Oh, how to bring for it.
I was singing the National Anthem to get it.
I didn't see it.
America is the one thing I'm passionate about.
I can't let the net's John Hall from Orleans, remember he was the lead singer of Orleans
and just one as a Democrat.
I just got elected to Congress.
America is the one thing I had, of course, he's sugar.
Did you look at his wife yet?
No.
What about you, Josh?
No.
America is the one, and he's like I said, old another man.
Boy, he got raw.
35.
It couldn't be easy, past for 80.
America is the one thing I'm passionate about.
I can't let them take that away from me.
18 year old political science major, Christine Zolders to award writers.
The fact that they have enough power to ban one of the most valued traditions in America
is just horrible, Zoldo said.
Adding she would attend every board meeting to salute the flag.
The move was led by a three recently elected student trustees around for Orphids wearing
revolutionary style, but raisins said they don't believe in public historian oath to
the American flag and government at their school.
One student trusty voted against the measure, which doesn't apply to other student groups
or campus meetings.
The band follows a 2002 ruling by a federal appeals court in San Francisco that said forcing
school silvery side to pledge was unconstitutional because the phrase under God is an insert
religion.
The US Supreme Court struck down the ruling on procedural grounds, but left the door open
for another challenge.
I challenge it right now, okay, all you get keys are you silly, the God squad, the Jesus
freaks, the Jesus Christ is his Gervid alcoholism.
That under God part is sort of offensive to me, student trusty Jason Bell, who proposed
the band told Reuters, I'm an atheist and a socialist.
Oh!
Well, probably one of those evil secular humanists no doubt.
And if you know your history, you know that under God was inserted during the McCarthy era
and was directly designed to destroy my ideology, said, that is correct.
That was during the Cold War and I'll add red baiting that was going on.
Got to stick the God crap in there, okay?
Fight back against these godless, communist, atheist bastards.
Bell said the band largely came about because the trustees didn't want to publicly
vow loyalty to the American government before their meetings.
Loyalty ought to be something the government earns through performance, not through resettling
play as he said, not through a bunch of empty, stupid ass words.
I pledge allegiance to the Fag.
Martha Parma, a spokesman for the coastman, Nicole Zitred, said her office had no standing
on the student board and took no position on the Fag salute band.
If they're personal believers, they don't want to say the pledge of allegiance, then the
district certainly is going to dictate what they do, she said, more than 28,000 students
attend the community college located in conservative Orange County, California, South of LA, conservative
my ass, ultra right wing, Red Necky Orange County, California.
Where I was born.
But I was sure good thing you got out of there.
Yeah, and I was here in a better place.
Like I said, too bad you're not still there.
Well, whatever, whatever you like, could be in Brandon, go to that shopping mall, they
got all the fast food joints there.
You can go see the old dairy queen.
Shouldn't have said that because I'm sure that Jackson's is probably on the way right
now with tons of good stuff for you guys.
It's 1240 in the afternoon and I know they're going to be there.
Hello, Phoebe's name.
So best talents to the business, Leo Rogers, 440560.
You ain't there.
That's 1240, you bastards.
The way girl makes she play.
I was playing one night in the rain.
I was like a street hat in rain.
So you were the day.
Can you know who you were again?
I won a black suit, but we're good.
And we could use our eyes like the walls and the walls together.
All the guys turned into a street.
Why do you want to be so mean?
I can't even know the world already.
The world has been.
I'm going to come to celebrate our co-workers in scenic Marshall, Michigan and have lunch
and enjoy a turkey dinner at the Winchoolers restaurant.
Speaking of lunch.
Yes.
So apparently there was some confusion, some news and some good news.
The bad news is apparently Duff was talking about next Friday.
You know, we ought to.
What a pansy man.
We all got the impression that it was this Friday.
You're fairie.
Trooper that he is.
He's going to bring us some char-hide as a...
Passify.
It feels bad so it makes it up.
But he ought to, man, because he asked me Friday and say which Friday.
So when you assume that when you say is it okay if they come back Friday?
When you assume that would mean we just Friday?
We all took the week's same thing.
That's all right.
When we say from Stukas, he said since the event is on Saturday, that's why it's next Friday.
Saturday.
Sounds real lame to me.
Duff.
You're fairie because he's doing to make good.
Well that's good.
Char-hide's fun.
Yes it is.
So bringing a whole bunch of stuff from Char-hide.
First of all, the time it gets there you'll have to nuke it.
He's enough for it to go.
I have a nuke just for that purpose.
I can't believe you got that movie so fast because it says on the...
Even now I'm looking to see if it shows the liberty and the which it does not.
And this wasn't coming directly from them from Amazon.
Right.
So that means this weekend you got a chance to watch Matchpoint.
And I'm going to have to take this.
If you don't love that movie, I'll be absolutely shocked.
Okay.
And I also want to guarantee you want to see more than once.
You'll loan it to Josh.
Need that well better bring it back.
Yes, John.
How's this for the beginning of a lawsuit speaking to movies founded in LA County Superior Court?
It starts out by saying Sasha Burrancon is a prancer.
You're joking.
Two anonymous plaintiffs who went 20th Century Fox and one American productions
claiming members of their college fraternity were interviewed to become part of the smash
borrower at cultural meetings of America for make benefit glories nation of Kazakhstan film.
Uh-huh.
The plaintiffs listed as John Doe 1 and 2 were allegedly assured the film would not be shown in the US
and their identities would not be revealed.
Uh-huh.
They were both selected to appear in the movie in accordance with the suit taken away
drinking establishment to loosen up and provide an alcoholic beverages.
They claim they signed the movie releases after heavy drinking.
Uh-huh.
The suit claims both of them were taken away motorhome where they were filmed all the
while encouraged to continue drinking.
The movie features a scene in the motorhome where Cohen gets drunk with three
fat boys who go on a racist rant about how they wish they had slaves and how minorities in the US
have all the power.
Especially the Jews.
According to the lawsuit the fat boys owned a museum 200 bucks for their controversial appearance,
the plaintiffs claim they severed humiliation, mental anguish, and emotional
and physical distress, lost their reputation, good understanding in the community,
the press movie was indeed released in the US and the suit asked for unspecified damages
and my response to them is Yamama.
Yamama says something.
Another drunken racist tirade like Mel and uh, you know,
they're embarrassed that it was unfilled.
Too bad.
Uh-huh.
Too bad.
Thank God there's no drunken tirades and all those other crap going out there for
opportunities and sure glad about that.
Right.
There all up.
30 votes.
Stop third man.
On our pool which you go take a look at it if you want to hear.
I'm not reading the result again to the end of the show.
And speak of that pool on MSNBC like you said here's the sad part.
Appearing on Comedy Central's The Daily Show,
Democratic Party Chief Howard Dean told host John Stewart,
I know half your audience wants us to impeach the president which is a big
of the party's cheers but it's not going to happen.
He said.
I like that.
He says a lot of you want us to impeach the audience.
The audience is going like that and then he's not going to happen.
Stewart apologized to the minute he was wrong for telling him about a
previous appearance that the Democrats could not possibly win unless they
stake out a clear policy on a record other issues.
He also noted that the two keep breakups announced Wednesday,
Brittany and K-Fed and Bush and D-Feld, the Stewart called down the
former president of the state and the state of the state.
He said the Fed and D-Feld.
Stewart also said that I don't want to go into it.
Stewart also said that President Bush seemed a bit humbled during his press conference
and perhaps was ready to compromise and work with the Democrats.
He reminded him that he was the same person who brought us
Rumsfeld and Cheney.
Later on the Colbert report, host Stephen Colbert noted the election success
in jubilee and nearly everyone who appeared on the show this year
such as Representative Elliott Angle of New York who had let him
comb his mustache.
John Hall, who won a stunning upset also in upstate New York after getting
what Colbert called the Colbert bump, returned to the show in the
two-saying a rousing version like I told you of the Star Spangled
Banner.
The Ademisamian.
I was ready for this thing.
The Ademisamian, Hall's first visit, but it was come from the show and
ended up on you.
So this one was for everyone.
Paul of course is the leader of the former leader of the Rock Group,
Folian.
And it was going to start right there in each chapter.
I'm going to tell you that was a magnificent read-up.
It was just a talk about it was a read-up and you birchered me.
Slot at me.
Slot at me.
You just went to your birthday this year.
Oh yeah.
Coming up very soon.
Yes it is.
And you know what you're going to be saying?
Yeah, I got the check.
Got the card.
It's not.
Anyway, 1032 votes on the pool.
What's this against you on here?
A jeweler is more than it wounds.
Oh because it's about the gay pride they run.
You're a Muslim.
That's a complete distortion of the packets of what Jewish values are all about.
And that's part of my own heritage.
It's not only the heritage of Rabbi Levine with all due respect.
Yes, what?
Casa Huy is sweetheart.
Anyway, moving along.
Okay, I don't want to get bogged down with that whole Jerusalem crap.
You know, the people are crazy in the first place.
All the people in the Middle East are.
They're the women over crazy.
Maybe not all just most.
With 18,382 votes, either not cast or not recorded in one of the nation's most closely contested congressional races,
Florida Secretary of State Sue Cobb.
I wonder if she's came to corn.
Announced yesterday that she'll send a team to observe an upcoming recount and review,
Sarah Soda County's voting procedures, the ghost of Catherine Harris hangs dark over that area.
Cobb's letter to Sarah Soda's license supervisor, Kathy Dent,
signal her concern with the unusually, I wonder if she's came to Bucketown.
Every time I read her name, I always say that Bucketown.
He used to look really good too.
God, long time ago, about 100 years ago, Bucketown.
When he was with the Yankees, I guess.
Am I right, Josh?
When he was with the Yankees?
Well, what do you know?
Oh, yeah, that's when he was good looking.
Signal her concern with the unusually high number of non-votes called undervotes,
inciting a new state law that gives her broad authority to inspect any election records, machines or premises.
He was no Brady Quinn though, I'll tell you that.
Brady Quinn makes my knees buckle.
Dent has asked Cobb's office to observe the recount examining the Republican Vern Buchanan's 368-Vote lead over Democrat Christine Jennings.
Regardless of the recount, result the case will likely end up in court.
Well, I ran the case in dentist and Congress, but all throughout Florida, activists groups from the Starrisota,
they'd counted a voice concerns over the soundness and accuracy of the ATM cell,
touchscreen voting machines in use, and for the process of reviewing votes.
The machines manufacture election systems and software and election officials say the equipment works well
when it's properly maintained and used.
But Jennings' lawyer, Kendall Coffee, who never met a camera he didn't like, said he isn't so sure
and that his client brought only a little comfort from Cobb's decision to become involved.
I don't think any of us would be satisfied with having the government do the verification because, honestly,
the government appears to be part of the problem here and may or may not be part of the solution, said Coffee,
who represented Democrat Al Gore's failed recon challenge in the dispute of 2000 presidential election.
Heck of a job, Kendall! Heck of a job!
Though Cobb's office said it will conduct an audit, they spoke to him and said it has no handbook or plan in the office for the task.
Governor Jeff Bush, your fat ass governor of the appointed cops, said he was concerned with the under votes,
that anomaly seems unusually said, kind of like the Jebster and his whole family, unusual.
Jen, who declined the comment yesterday, said earlier she looked forward to a recon and also that her brother did use to look really good.
But she had earlier dismissed what she called the anecdotal voter complaints about the under votes,
which spent every demographic in Sarasota.
We do not have any equipment failure, Jen, said Coffee said that was in a state of denial,
for suggesting that the under vote was either the result of voter error or voters choosing not to vote,
because it returned off by the nasty race to replace the anxious, cancer and herres,
the former secretary of state who presented over the 2000 debacle.
There's a wrinkled with recounts on touch screens, it says the machines are essentially asked to verify themselves,
and computer coding problems were discovered with the audit law, a central component of recounts,
in iVotronic machines voting machines in a 2000 review after a date municipal election.
That bug is an expert described in Wistwick, said in the SNS spokeswoman,
who stressed that the machines vote counting abilities have consistently proved accurate.
The bug fixing enhancement was found through all iVotronic counties including Broward and Sarasota.
So what time is the duck shown up with your food guys?
He'd like to be here by 130.
He'd like to be there by 130, he might have to make a stopper to on a way.
What might be some hot hitchhikers after I'm this game Boulevard?
He ain't going to be coming on Biscayne Boulevard, he's not in the date county for Christ's sake.
He's just after Rotapies.
If he can be even swinging on over to 441, come straight down to 444,
he'd want to be there in two shakes of a lamestail, right?
Two shakes of a lamestail, now is that how you come to work?
I come from the other direction living east as I do these days.
Oh, 95.
You come to 95?
Woo!
There's a man who lives dangerously.
Well, there are only other dangerous options.
Well, let's see, I guess I can smit in this thing about Kimbo camper and Charo.
Thanks to Charo for the food that's coming for the guys, by the way.
And thanks to Duffer getting their appetites all whipped up for ice cream.
But now you got something to look forward to the next Friday, the 17th.
That's right.
Like you said, there's a silver lining in every type of ice cream,
and Duff's a mench.
You're...
You are so easy, Megas.
So, you list?
The hell he didn't, he's a whoosh.
Like that old guy over there in the trailer park, he's a pucy.
But he's sure as hell is.
I think that's his middle name, isn't it?
143 Rosenthal, for those who are upset that I'm not giving you updates.
Just for all the audience, you know, you keep giving them updates and keeping...
Go look on somebody's computer, okay?
Go look in a window somewhere, go to one of those...
I don't even know if they have anywhere there, you know what?
Those computer adjoins.
Oh, the cyber cafe is the highest, so they're still around.
I mean, in real cities, I mean, we got them here, and they certainly got them all over Europe.
Yeah, we got to have internet cafe.
Don't know where they are.
Well, who the hell would?
They're self-included, so the town cannot be cut off guard.
Well, why do you look at the auto-owner, man? I speak two or three words.
The biggest name is the San Alex, the racist, the El Roger.
Yeah, okay, just got around.
The William up in bulk and take a slap in all the women with paint and lips around the pole.
I listened to the El Roger's one to two hours.
Yeah, I mean, I listened to the El Roger's hair and balance for the two hours.
Well, well, well, well, well, well.
Tonight, on Bravo, it's inside the actor's bathroom with host, James Lichten.
I am here in the bathroom adjacent to the master bedroom in the Beverly Hills Mansion of Legendary Film Actors.
10 nickels.
Sir, I am on it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, whatever.
You don't mind a little busy here.
I mean, I understand.
12 hours ago, you would join the religious theater of a rib-eye steak with saute-duncent french fries.
Tell me, Mr. Jack Nicholson, what ever became of that enchanting entree.
Well, let me stand up here and I'll show you.
And there you see, simply, and grossy.
Now, why don't you get the f*** out of here?
You're safe.
Like this.
Now, I don't have to ask your favorite person.
And be sure to tune in next week, James Lichten visits the downstairs half-bath of a claimed actress, Jody Foster.
Well, Ms. Foster, that's an even bigger piece of crap than an average.
Thank you, Mr. Richten.
On inside the actor's bathroom.
Dr. Lichten.
Dr. Lichten.
She just makes me ill.
It's 1-1-5-50 W-Q-M. So I look for when she's on here among the many attractions in Marshall, Michigan.
I can't find it.
When I started telling her before when you gave me the exciting news about char-hut,
is it going to make up for the fact that the deaf screwed you over today?
That's juicy.
Was the fact that when shooters, like I'm Thanksgiving Day, or I guess any day,
when they had turkey and stuffing in the whole day, you could get seconds for free,
being the pig that I was back in today.
But I was 1965, I believe.
Marshall, Michigan, W-M-R-R.
Boo.
Aliens could attack anytime, warm, for a warrants-former-minute ministry of defense, Stephen Britton.
Bodo's Brits are really a panic.
I think he's not talking about illegal aliens like your Mexicans.
He's talking about from out of this world, baby.
UFO sightings and alien visitors tend to be solely the reserve of sci-fi movies,
it says, so when a former ministry of defense TV warns that the country could be attacked by extra terrestrial at any time,
you may be forgiven for feeding a little bit alarmed as in...
Oh, my God.
During his time as head of the Ministry of Defense UFO project, Nick Pope was persuaded
into believing that other lifeforms may visit Earth and more specifically Britton.
I think they already have been there.
You see a lot of the brits, your positive, the ship has already landed.
It's very like Prince Charles, for example, but it was a Mr. Spock years, you know.
His concern is that highly credible sightings are simply dismissed,
and he complains that the project, he once ran, is now virtually closed down,
leaving the country wide open to aliens.
Mr. Pope decided to speak out about his wars after he's ending from his post
at the Directorate of Defense Security at the Ministry of Defense this week.
The consequences of getting this one wrong could be huge, he said.
Huge!
If you report at a UFO sighting now, I'm absolutely sure you just get back a standard letter telling you not to worry.
Frankly, we are wide open.
If something does not behave like a conventional aircraft now, it'll be ignored.
The ex-files have been closed down.
If these words have come from a sci-fi fanatic, they could be easily dismissed by cynics.
But Mr. Pope's CV, he was sent a UFO project between 91 and 94, cannot be ignored.
When he began his job, he too was skeptical about UFOs,
but access to classified files on the subject and investigation of a series of spectacular UFO sightings
gradually changed his mind.
I wonder if Mr. Pope knows Art Bell.
You think, wouldn't that be swell?
That would be.
And while Mr. Pope says there's no evidence of hostile intent, he insists it cannot be ruled out.
Well, it's not. It's a good thing I'm not terrible, because I love Sherhut.
They're great.
Especially the sausage, man. Sausage with onion and cheese.
There is going to be the potential for that, and one is left with the uneasy feeling that if it turned out to be so,
there's a very little we could do about it, he and said.
If you believe these things are extraterrestrial craft, you cannot rule out what is happening to some kind of covert reconnaissance.
They're out there, man. They're spying on us. They're looking.
They're feeding us out.
One incident which persuaded him of the existence of alien life forms was in 1993.
They were reports of a vast, triangular shaped craft spotter flying over RIF bases in the West Midlands.
Most of the witnesses were police and military personalities.
They said hundreds of members of the public also had sightings over a period of several hours.
And another incident in 1980, RIF bases and suffix staff investigated a suspected plane crash.
After bright lights were reported coming from the nearby woods.
They were in the woods, baby.
They found a kind of lunar landing module standing on three legs which then flew off.
The indents that left in the ground, the indents.
I don't know if you love that. There's a lot of these births.
The indents that left in the ground were found to be at ten times the normal levels of radiation.
Mr. Pope said these sorts of incidents are bargots so frustrated.
In my time, I would read some more interesting sightings up to the chain of command to people like the chief of air staff.
And we'll get the answer back that it was very interesting.
And I clearly done a good job investigating it, and that was it.
Like you're lunch yesterday, you know.
You invented a little bit, and that was it.
Yeah, right?
Right.
And Clarence is still calling the shots and Joyce.
Everyone is a piece of a puzzle, but no one takes it seriously.
There needs to be more resources than people who are prepared to look at past the philosophical issue,
look at the reports investigating at the public.
I can't even read this on a so-tongue time about these UFO-OLS.
Well, they believe these things are for an air force's testing prototype aircraft.
And whether you believe there is something more exotic with the speeds and movements they're capable of,
it's technology we would very much like to get hold of, you said.
Like to get hold of some of them critters from outer space.
A spokesman for the Ministry of Defense insisted that all UFO settings were investigated for evidence to suggest
that UK airspaces have been compromised by a hostile or unauthorized air activity.
If you said unless there's such evidence, the Ministry of Defense doesn't attempt to positively identify what was seen.
What we've seen.
Mr. Pope is continuing his UFO research in a private capacity since leaving the Ministry of Defense
and has recognized as a leading authority on UFOs in the unexpected.
He's written four science fiction books drawing on his experience at the Ministry of Defense
and lectures around the world on the subject.
He's appeared on BBC News Night and Radio 4's TVR today program.
The exact opposite is a consultant, the number's TV documentary.
It sounds to me like he's all whipped up.
All whipped up at no place to go.
151 votes on the poll.
I think it was just yesterday, maybe it was Wednesday. Who did all knows?
I can't keep track.
The Red and Article have said these riddies are not going to attack the Iran's nuclear program.
Right?
But look at what.
The Deputy Defense Minister suggested and comments published today that Israel might be forced to launch a military strike against Iran's nuclear program.
They clear a statement yet a such a possibility for a high ranking official.
He's really rank.
I'm not advocating in his really preemptive military action against Iran.
And I'm aware of its possible repercussions, Deputy Defense Minister, Ephraim Smith.
Ephraim Smith, a former general for the Jerusalem Post.
I consider it a last resort, but even the last resort is sometimes the only resort.
Snage comments.
I know it's Snage Smith.
Fnur.
His comments didn't necessarily reflect the view of Israel's government or Prime Minister A. Hood Olmer.
It's a government spokesman, Mirri Eisen.
Oh, wonderful.
I wonder if she's akin to Mr. Eisen.
Israel sees Iran as the greatest, oh, I'm not sure we got that.
The Eisen oil.
While spending the remainder of your golden years.
Oh, Mr. Eisen might have to play that.
Israel sees Iran as the greatest threat to its survival.
Hardline, Iranian President Mahmoud Al-Fundinijad has frequently called for Israel's destruction.
I'm not in the job.
Israel crippled Iraq's atomic program 25 years ago when an air strike on its unfinished,
nuclear reactor, experts say Iran has learned from erection mistakes,
scattering its nuclear facilities and building some underground.
They got them covered up, you know?
Sometimes, sometimes if you don't want people to get to your goods, you've got to cover them up.
That's right.
Snage's top talk is the boldest today by any high ranking Israeli official.
Others really leave us frequently discussed the Iranian threatening grave terms,
but stop sure to threatening military action.
But a week for the boop to drop.
Well, in case you're on Surrah, whatever's going to be will be, you know what I'm saying?
Just like that rotissed invasion of lesbian on.
Just when they started to put their crap back together again
and started to get a few tourists and started thinking,
hey, life ain't so bad.
And guess what? Surprise!
Here comes what was crazy as well.
Again, led of course by Bush and Condom Liza.
Now, there is a bitcher like that.
I'd like to see her ass impeached.
Democratic National Committee Chairman Howard Dean, the former presidential candidate,
who was once in danger of being remembered for an angry scream,
has come for a circle.
He's come full circle.
In fact, maybe he's even shot at a circle K.
Dean's crazy strategy of rebuilding the Democratic Party across all states
helped the Democrats achieve success as they kept it calm,
recent intermolecions writes Joe Conneson at salon.com.
Only weeks after the Democratic National Committee chose Howard Dean as its chairman last year,
the nasty whispers began to circulate around Washington.
And among long time party donors and activists in cities from New York to LA writes Conneson,
he's going to be a disaster they said.
He can't raise any money.
He doesn't know what he's doing.
And what does he mean by this crazy 50 state strategy?
Despite his struggles with tar brokers in a party he was selected to lead,
Dean persevered and is now enjoying vindication far earlier than he ever expected
the rate of the article says.
What Dean and his organizers created was an environment that allowed insurgents and outliers
as well as the party's chosen challengers to ride the national wave of revulsion
against conservative rule Conneson says,
faced with many more viable challenges that anticipated the Republicans made mistakes
in allocating resources and were forced to defend candidates and districts that are usually safe.
Conneson says that Dean has reached a peaceful accommodation with his party adversaries
and promote it by his popularity among the unruly net roots.
The net roots.
While deliberation over the continuance of the 50 state strategy will continue,
Dean has in the meantime won the argument he initiated in the planning for this year's midterm.
There would have been much less for Democrats to celebrate on election.
I conclude Conneson, if Howard Dean hadn't been so crazy and so freaking persistent,
you go, Holly.
And by the way, Barack Obama is the man.
Just remember I told you that right here on the show Friday November 10 on Veterans Day.
Barack Obama.
I'm going to tell you that right now.
Forget about Iraq.
Let's get Barack better hidden than her.
Are you picking on sweltering again?
That bitch.
Good.
Although I will say it again, her performance the other night was.
That's, that's, that's what you know.
That's fine.
Pretty good for her.
For her, the last challenge.
Marguerin Prudges.
For her, we have a plan 60.
UAM.
The U.S.
Do.
What kind of day is this topic elected?
The best chance.
Again, the next is the baddest you've seen here.
The never cheated.
The kind of day.
You're not going to see it again.
You're hell.
I know what you're doing.
So, one for Hillary.
Hillary.
Hillary.
Hillary Clinton.
She's got to cut.
She can't buy her a band.
But she can't do it.
You know one can't cheat one.
And the lawyer is doing just things above the law.
She'll push through.
And out that foul, right in.
For Hillary.
Hillary.
Hillary Clinton.
Her mates stole her rich last year.
But he ain't the nothing that good.
She hasn't tried on you.
You're the kind of day.
You can find on TV.
But I'm not happy to find out.
Hillary.
Her early.
Goed off in.
For Hillary.
Hillary.
Hillary.
Hillary Clinton.
She's got to be grateful to her wise and misdeed.
Who asked on your husband to jump?
I feel a rage.
A meldly, a patch-up.
And even for her own, the next Hillary Clinton.
You're all out, shown.
What an early, old, off-end.
For Hillary.
Hillary.
Hillary.
Hillary Clinton.
No.
A.J.
No L.A.R.Y.
Hillary.
Hillary.
She's our guy.
The great state of our good-star.
She looks like she's got off the set of LA law.
That totally cool by me.
To vote for Hillary.
Hillary.
Hillary.
Hillary Clinton.
No.
Yeah, who did it?
Well, on 17th, you go, guy.
Anyway, here's the update on the MSNBC poll.
I just voted on him by the way.
You can go to MSNBC's website and go to...
And Chris Matthews would say, politics.
How would he do that?
He sends me in a way, uh, state of depression just seeing him on here.
But here's Bill Schneider.
I wonder what he's battling about.
That's what he's all done.
The poll question on MSNBC's poll.
And they've got 1316,000 and 23 responses.
Pretty heavy duty, man.
You believe President Bush's actions justify impeachment?
On the bottom, I don't know 1.8%.
No, the man is an absolutely nothing wrong.
Impeachment would just be a political lynching 7.2%.
No, like any president, he's made a few missteps.
But nothing approaching high crimes and misdemeanors 4.4%.
Yes, between the secret spying, but the sections leading to war and more.
There was plenty to justify putting him on trial.
87%.
How do you like that up from 86 last time we checked it out?
Aren't you impressed?
I am.
87% freaking percent.
We got 100,000, 84 votes in our poll.
Could be the last poll we take for a while till the Monday anyway.
I think that's a good idea I had about that.
Is your a char hunt there yet, by the way?
No.
Well, this is very sad.
In fact, it's working me up in ice affidavit for lunch.
I don't think I would have go and get a nice bowl of soup and a cheeseburger.
No bun, of course.
Okay, that sounds fine.
Eight house races remain without winners after two days.
Lesson will be Republican incumbents and tight contest to keep their seats.
And state officials not rushing to win the dispute.
Representative Deborah Price, a member of the House Republican leadership,
is head of a central Ohio race by 3536 votes.
In the Columbus, Ohio area, less than officials are delaying the count of more than
9,000 provisional ballots by one day.
So it doesn't disrupt the much-volved into Ohio State Michigan football game on November 18th.
Election officials in that district will start counting November 19th.
Can I read that sentence again?
Put it.
In the Columbus, Ohio area, less than officials are delaying the count of more than
9,000 provisional ballots by one day.
So it doesn't disrupt the much-volved Ohio State Michigan football game on November 18th.
Election officials in that district will start counting November 19th.
What does county devotes have to do with the football game?
That's number one and number two right there.
Oh, excuse me.
I'm writing to do both.
Ohio Republican representative, Gene Schmidt, who called Democratic Representative John
Murther a coward, is head of her challenger by 20 and 162 votes.
Representative Barbara Kuban, who threatened to slap her wheelchair
by a libertarian opponent after a debate, is head by fewer than 1,000 votes in her Wyoming contest.
A V8 on call raises only one.
Joe Courtney's challenged Republican Representative Rob Simmons and Connecticut
gives the Democratic challenger to leave.
In that race, Courtney's head by a scan 166 votes, almost a quarter of a million votes were cast.
He's head by 166.
A Thursday, we count in Hebron, give Simmons one more vote.
We count for a schedule in 74 other towns throughout the weekend.
Oh, they've got one more vote.
All right.
In Florida, a recon to set to begin in Representative Katz and Harris's former district,
Republican Vern Buchanan has a 373 vote lead declared victory over Democratic Christie and Jennings.
The AP has declared the candidate the winner.
In Georgia, first-year Democratic Representative John Barrow, I wonder if he's keen to hand it.
Oh!
Faces a rematch against former or face to rematch against former Republican Representative Max Burns,
and led by three or then 600 votes.
In Washington state, the count in a suburban Seattle district was delayed by heavy flooding,
leaving in color Republican Representative Dave Reichard, head of challenger Darcy Burner,
three days after the voting ended.
In other races that were made on the site, including North Carolina Representative Robin Hayes campaign against Larry Kissel,
separated by 449 votes by a...
He's leading Kissel by a bissle,
and New Mexico Representative Heather Wilson's race for Democrat Patricia Madrid feels about 1600 votes.
My dread!
Never been to Spain, heavy, either one of you.
No.
I have.
I like that.
I know.
It's okay.
Haven't been to Bartolome, though, not yet.
My dread was okay.
Not great.
It's all right.
I know of it to Spain.
Oh!
One, oh, eight, six down the pole.
We're going to go over a hundred without even like, after a late start, the whole deal.
You know what?
You know what?
You can't find that pole.
It must be dim.
Here's the deal.
All right.
Google.
Google MSNBC impeachment pole.
Can you handle that?
That's how I found it.
As opposed to just going to the regular MSNBC website, because I didn't know where the hell
to find it on there.
Yeah, it's certainly not.
MSNBC impeachment.
I got it.
I got it.
Google it.
And the very top one, and you click on it, and there's the pole, and you can vote, and you can see the result.
You got it.
Everybody got a hop on it.
Yes.
Let's get up to 90%.
Yes, yes.
Cindy Sheen writes, sit down for change and stand up for peace.
You go, Cindy.
What I assure her all over her like, is just unbelievable.
She's like a poster child for abuse by the American right wing.
Cindy says, I haven't met anyone who likes to go to funerals.
Attending a funeral must be one of the last things any of us would ever choose to do.
Here in America, we've been more distance from death than we are from birth.
Both natural activities have been made abnormal, and something that only happens in hospitals.
Even though I had my babies at home, I'm totally like the average American, who has an aversion to death and funerals.
So can you imagine the feeling of panic and a measurable pain when I woke on April 13th, 2004,
the morning of my son's funeral?
Can you imagine how I was feeling when I took a shower that morning?
A morning just like every other morning except I was burying my oldest child?
Can you imagine the surreal feeling of putting on a new mother of a hero suit and walking out to the limo
that picked us up for the very well-travel trip to our church where I spent so many happy hours with Casey?
My surviving children looked so beautiful in their funeral clothing, and Casey's dead was so handsome in his new black suit.
It took all my energy not to throw up.
This week, how many more Iraqi mothers and American mothers have had to do so needlessly walk in the same sad shoes that I had to walk into and have years ago?
To the people of South should just get over it, that here's a pouring down my face right now, we're calling that awful April day,
but also for the families who'll have to go to their loved ones' funerals because of the clown in chief.
Yesterday in Miss Pres conference, George said they had been two rodeos before, was he the one in the clown suit diving into the barrel right before the bullgroom in the buttocks?
What George has done to our country is not a rodeo, it's one long funeral of death and misery, and the rodeo clown has presented over the demise of our democracy and the abolishment of our security.
American humanity won huge victories this week, but peace wasn't the victor change was.
To have true peace, we need more than rumbo to resign.
Congress needs to do its constitutional duty when peace the rest of the war criminals and remove them from office.
Like Sodom, towards Darth Cheny, rumbo, Kanye and the rest of the warnecks need to be tried for crimes against humanity.
Yes, we want some battles this week, but we need to stay on the offensive and work for a true change in peace.
Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid need to know that we voted in record numbers to bring our troops home.
The Democratic leadership also need to know that we student long lines and sometimes in the brain to vote for accountability and justice, we can't relax now that we have the upper hand.
When the hundred tenth Congress is sworn in in January, we'll need to be there in the halls of Congress demanding that the people we just elected represent us and not the war machine.
Our responsibility as American citizens don't end our election day, true democracy happens between elections and the time between elections is where the real work gets done.
We Americans are a formidable force when we unite and work together and in the past, we've engineered and been responsible for amazing change in our nation.
Let's make history and do it again, so Cindy sheen. Do it again, like by the beach boys.
You don't have that handy do you?
You know what I think we did that, did we try to just do the other day, do it again?
Yes, let's not do it again.
1090, thousand ninety votes under poll, did you vote on the MSNBC poll?
Yes, good.
See how easy that was? See if you can't find the right of them, I just go with it.
Do it again, capital records.
I know he's going to chop it up before they start singing.
Good job, good job by me.
Okay, let's take over to that line. I guess you're still out of any of you.
Not making any difference to me, it's not going to affect my, you know, my gut, my colon, my bowels, my appetite, my pleasure centers of my brain, you know, all out of the crap.
With you guys, he runs it just seems to me that Duff is shining you today.
He'll be here. Yeah, she'll be there.
Remember that scene in Faxil where he's bringing the Chinese food back?
Yeah, but I don't think that's Duff's problem.
Does he have a problem? Not to me.
Twenty six past one, don't be knocking it up, my son. Okay, he's about all we got.
That's that's why it's been since the get go since day one, gay one, since the get go.
The Duff mice are always been there for us.
Other than that, of course, you got Joe Bell, it takes you out to lunch.
It's more than he ever did for me.
By the way, just rate him out on that and tell him to be sure and tell him that he won't be seeing me anytime soon.
Yeah, I can even put a period after the word anytime.
I told him that he said that's too bad, but oh well.
Told him what? That you're never going to see Neil.
Yeah, so what's wrong with that?
Show him the pictures on it while I say, oh, I sure don't want to see that.
I'll close in personal.
I'll email him the way to make in gallery.
I'll tell him the other way.
I'll point you out.
You're at an excellent point.
I'm a nice to be heard and definitely not to be seen.
Some people are born to be seen and you know how that goes?
That's right.
I'll include some of those old fat pictures too, so they can really get the weight of it.
See how it's felt.
I am now 1.94.
Although the way you're hucking with the food and the ice cream and everything and they know doubt about it, I'm going to be eating something.
Like I said, bowl the soup and a nice sandwich.
Bit plain.
Mmm.
Maybe the fresher sandwich, the woman like with the extra meats and cheese on it.
Stop and think about what I said to be for about the Chinese restaurant.
Have you ever thought about that before about the fact that there's no cheese on it?
They don't eat cheese.
Well, what about crab rangoon?
Didn't they have some kind of cheese?
Cream cheese.
Cream cheese.
Crab rangoon?
Yeah.
Never had it?
No, never even heard of it.
Really good?
Crab?
You got the crabs?
It's got cream cheese on it?
In it.
In it.
They're like, you know it?
Cregular pockets of crab meat, onions and cream cheese.
Mmm.
That sounds really good.
It is.
Okay, I said maybe I'll get some cheese for lunch.
Some and say cheese.
Oh, do you think I can help you?
Yeah, I couldn't bother, but do you think I can help you?
Yeah, huh.
Yeah, huh.
Who's our name?
Patrick.
Patrick?
I thought it was Patrick's name.
Who?
Who?
Okay, hold on just a second, okay?
Yeah.
Huh?
Hello?
How's that?
Yeah, who's speaking?
Huh?
Yeah, hello.
Who's speaking?
Hello?
Hello?
Can you hear me?
Yeah?
You got a restaurant for sale?
Huh?
How much you want for the restaurant?
Well, you come here to look at it and talk to the boss.
I come over, maybe eat dinner with you.
Okay.
Does a jackpot include all the walks?
Huh?
How much?
It's Chinese.
Yeah, Chinese.
Okay, you come from the middle of the night.
Okay?
Okay?
Okay?
You know, you get to have dinner with me?
Yeah, not at all.
What about dinner?
I have dinner.
I have dinner.
Okay, I'll be right there.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I'm going to go to Taiwan.
I think we've all been surprised by the intensity of the violence this year.
It's got a number of factors.
Part of it is drug money linking up with the insurgency.
Part of it is these people have the ability to operate in and out of Pakistan.
Oh, but we need to deal with it.
In and out of Pakistan.
We're done 3,100 people about a third of them, civilians have died this year.
The bloodiest since the U.S. like forces supposedly out to the Taliban strict as long as government in 2001.
Some senior Afghan officials accused Pakistan of continuing to back its former protg with money training
and other assistance the charge of course denied by Islamabad because that's sued once to stay alive, you know.
I shot Mushiro.
116 votes on the pool and they were over 1100.
And I think it's a good time to put that bit.
Baby, why aren't you couple men so?
It's appropriate.
Tour in place we know.
Absolutely.
And they're not mad at Bella.
Who's for saying begins with the out.
There's one thing we all understay.
There is a potato we've finished until we blow up Pakistan.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, right.
We could chase around forever with our tanks and all our troops.
The special forces are so tired of jumping through them.
Who's asked you know we need another place.
So let's cut out all the nonsense and we'll blow up Pakistan.
How can a need a nuclear day end?
Why don't we stop this food and blow up Pakistan?
All right, boom, boom.
The biggest name, self-destallance, the basis real Rogers, 4th radio 560, UAM.
It besties.
A writer is called Pitchy, woman or a band.
A battle-crimeing operation has to replace the fortune.
And who's changed up with rest.
With the murder of two recent orchards there,
conquering our right because we hate them.
For something that we know they did not do.
For shell-barra's that she occupations.
How we're all fools.
Cannons fall between, let's let's read a brain.
And I'll let her fight our life to their face.
And those they give in may, back then in the file.
There's a cold and cold and shaky dance file.
Overstate all that's raised by stars, stars.
In rest we go to theology for trials.
This is like the first holy bottle of charter.
To the world's best we see, oh, oh,
Charming, coming, she really got the right.
That's been heard by the world of our A-Guy.
Oh!
60s, 2 and 5, 60 W.A.M., so anyway,
you know what's the sign, smile and say cheese in that bit.
I noticed.
How's the char cheese coming by the way?
Is it duck or ya?
No.
Are you sure slow?
I mean, he's got good intentions, but boys might be slow.
But you don't want to be eaten while the show's on anyway.
That would be discussed.
That's a bad radio.
That would say a bad president.
Are we already got one?
So here's a recipe for a Chinese chocolate chip cheese ball.
Okay.
And you know what's in it?
Cheese?
Cream cheese.
All right.
And what's that all about?
Why is it that the Chinese ordinarily don't find cheese on most of the items, but they're
into cream cheese.
What's the big simmiss?
Maybe because it's kosher for a pesa.
I don't know.
It's got like the from the surf, and you ranch.
I don't get it.
What the hell was that?
Well, you mentioned cheese balls.
We don't have a song about cheese balls.
But we have this.
What color is that?
Oh, you heard it.
What color is that?
I'm not going to get played it.
Do you think it was cheese balls?
Oh, okay.
All right.
Put your salty balls away and cut the crap.
One of three teenagers charged with attempting to rob a illusionist David Comperfield as he left
the performance his pleated guilty.
Terrence Riley's 17 was sentenced yesterday to two years in prison for three counts of robbery
with a weapon and one kind of attempted robbery.
He'll be housed with other inmates under the age of 21.
Circuit judge Edward Garrison also ordered Riley to testify against his two-code defendants
his brother Dwayne Riley 18 and Mark Heath Jones 17.
Comperfield and two female assistants were walking from the Kravice Center to their tour bus
when they were approached by the teens April 22.
The assistant handed over money in a cell phone, but the illusionist turned his pockets inside
off to reveal nothing, although he was carrying his passport wallet in the cell phone.
He said in deposition that he had things on him, but he wasn't difficult to make it seem like there was nothing there
being the illusionist that he is.
He used press to digitation.
He said the thieves fell for his nothing in my pockets, trick.
Terrence was more useful for what occurred as told the truth about his involvement
and would like everything to disappear as it turned to Franklin Prince.
Prince said Riley hopes to finish high school behind bars.
Well, not to eat, huh?
Idiots.
If you're going to rob somebody, don't rob a magician, okay?
You idiot.
That's right.
A little lesson for all your kids out there.
Might use some focus on you.
1114 votes on the poll.
Dets of Palestinians in Israeli raid awful US's.
How do you like that?
Yeah, I like that.
They should have attacked Israel as a post-ordinary pedestrian deaths.
The US said yesterday that the killing of those 18 Palestinians of Iran's
during an Israeli military raid was awful, but there was Palestinians
against responding with more violence.
US Secretary of State Condom Mleezer Rice called Palestinian President
Mahmoud Abbas to express her condolences over the deaths.
According to a US State Department spokesman Sean McCormick,
it's a terrible tragedy.
It was an awful thing for the family members and the Palestinian people McCormick said
before adding that the answer in the response is not more violence,
not more rocket attacks.
The Israeli military showed houses in the northern Gaza Strip Wednesday killing 18 civilians,
including women and children, and responding nearby lodges by Palestinian militants
of makeshift rockets in Israeli territory.
Israel said that the attack was an accident and lost an interest.
It was an accident that somebody got hurt.
Rice also spoke with Israeli Prime Minister Olmert,
who scheduled a meeting with US President Bush on Monday at the White House.
It's called Mandirid.
Bush issued a written statement to say he was deeply sent by the law
of the Israeli-Israeli government to quickly investigate the incident
to ensure it cannot happen again.
Oh, it will happen again, alright, and again.
Because both sides is filled with too many crazy people,
that's what it's all about.
It's the Jews and the Arabs and the Jews and the Shmatahids and the others Shmatahid.
It all depends on the head of your man.
You're wearing your Tafilin and you're going to start to kill him.
The killing sparked outrage in the Palestinian Territories and raised fears
that violence could escalate.
Palastin, a military of threat to end a ceasefire resume attacks against these raids.
And Yadi, Yadi, Yadi, and they hit us first,
we're going to hit them back in, like a bunch of overgrown children,
like a bunch of religious fanatics.
Look at that.
Look at the way they're marching in the street there.
Airically, and they're waving their arms and they got the Shmatahids on over their face.
What the hell is that all about?
It's not even cooler for Krennau.
Hey, guess who's here?
Duff is there with the food from Cherhan.
Duff, yes.
Well, thanks a lot, Duff, for bringing these guys up
because they were really bad-mouthing you big time.
Yeah.
We're polishing over here as they say.
Well, you know, when you tell us that we got tubs of ice cream coming in,
and weenies, I think that took the weenies home for a myself.
No, Kadev.
Wouldn't be the first time.
1124 votes on the pool.
Here's the result.
Here's the result.
And it's kind of a sobering result of this pool.
Maybe that's why I'm not too crazy about these pools.
Although, that 11 MSNBC, there was, should Bush be impeached in 87%
of more than 300,000 respondents, men.
That's pretty powerful crap, you know what?
I don't.
Of course, it's only us level Tommy Pinto is like me to watch MSNBC,
so we can see Keith Overman on there.
And your girlfriend?
A combination in the summer.
Guy's like Bob Casey Jr. in Pennsylvania.
He said he would have supported a lead-up.
So a lot of these Democrats, not all these basic Democrats.
That's MSNBC for you, okay?
Just for those who wonder.
So what did Duff bring you?
A charge, you need with onions.
Oh, yeah.
Send it in the shoot there and shoot it right on up here, man.
It's kind of really good.
How many of your friends and family listen to me?
Let's our pool today.
1125 votes.
That's not too shabby considering our very late start.
And the fact that we laid off of this thing today.
We give it a good rest.
Sometimes you have to give your pool a rest.
Do you?
A few, 424, a few have listened.
0, 289, almost none to 84.
That's a real shot.
0, almost none.
Which total is 40, almost half.
Most of them listen 57 or else.
Some of them 38.
I hate this pool.
Only 21.1.8% hate to pool today.
And that's you.
See, that's uplifting regardless of the rest of the crap.
Huh?
They like it.
All of them listen 20.
You know, likely story.
And only my enemies listen 14.
Why would anybody that I like to listen to this?
Right?
Right.
I guess we're going to give one last warning.
Why do you read and dig it into your char-hut cheese and stuff?
And your Chinese cheese balls?
BSO deputies will be conducting DUI saturation patrols now.
And I'll hold off and then this go on.
This is only the second one you've ever sent to me.
Oh, well, it started the week you were on vacation.
So this would make the third time.
Oh, the third that we've been getting these reports?
DUI saturation patrols are coming up tonight from 8.30
until 5 o'clock tomorrow morning in the areas of your field.
Beach, competent beach in Oakland Park.
And then tomorrow night, Saturday night from about 8.30 in the PM
to 5 o'clock Sunday morning in areas of incorporated central
Howard, competent beach in Oakland Park.
Impaired drivers will be identified and the DUI laws will be acted in forest.
They will drag your drunken ass away and they'll stop on you
and beat the living snot out of you and then make sure you don't do it again.
Even Joshua Dury that the drunken driver is the really dangerous driver,
almost as dangerous as the sober old driver in South Florida, but I quite.
Oh, yeah.
Or the no-speeding lace.
Now what are you two and on, Mr.
that you bring all the same or like a variety of stuff like that.
I got a I got a burger and some onion rings.
Mm hmm.
When some onion rings, but I got really good onion rings.
Yeah, they sure had.
Mm hmm.
And you're doing this to me just before I'm going to have for once.
Of course, along with my soup and my burger without the bun,
I could probably get some really good onion rings too.
Probably.
Ooh.
No, and that's just probably I know.
Get yourself in crab rangoon.
Yeah, I got some crabs over here for you, okay?
They're running all over the damn wall and I'm assuming right now.
Yeah, they have a shampoo for that now.
130 votes on the pool.
I'm pretty proud of that.
You're not?
Why?
Why do I waste my time asking you so good?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I could tell by the polls you put on there.
I could tell.
At least one thing you live up to your IO.
So it's your vision.
It doesn't affect our lives.
That's for it.
It's not going to affect our paycheck.
Right.
Come pay, they man, we're going to get any more because we had a great pool.
We got like 2000 votes.
No.
Absolutely not.
So let's just swipe any crap out there that we can.
Let's be honest about it.
Sure.
Let's start doing some really like one of your polls like what?
What?
I don't know, dot, dot, dot, what and like a random crap.
You know, just a bunch of random garbage on there.
Rangoon garbage.
So what is that?
I'm supposed to be like mouse meat, rangoon with cheese.
Yeah.
That's the one mystery.
We should be getting plenty of faxes on that by Monday morning.
I want to see that fax machine loaded with faxes explaining to us why there is no cheese in Chinese restaurants.
They took, you know, the CH in Chinese, but they took the CH out of the cheese.
And for the life of me, I can't figure out why.
Which is probably just as well because cheese, even though I love cheese.
Mm-hmm.
God, do I love it.
And I love that French onion soup, you know, with a thick of the real thick cheese.
They used to have great French onion soup at Monkson.
That they got really good French onion soup in the dining room with Pompadot Park.
And you know, also have really, really good thick cheese on top of the onion soup.
Is it Ruth Chris?
I don't say that too loud because somebody you all know and love.
He may be a list of non-line somewhere, you know?
Your close personal friend?
Who?
Your close personal buddy.
Who likes eating the Ruth Chris, especially when I'm picking up the...
Time out.
Oh, that buddy.
That buddy.
And I have so many friends that I don't know who you're talking about.
Well, he's your close personal buddy.
I think that make no mistake.
Although, I think he might talk behind your back.
The biggest name of West, Alex, if this is Real  aloud cross for radio 560 qu!
It's Dan Bonnie.
Where can I Mommy sing paometers?
Oh, he sings Peranna!"
This is Debbie.
Hello, Debbie.
I'm here to see you getting through operations done.
Okay.
And some body contouring and some liposuction.
Mm-hmm.
And I was wondering if you had some tummy talk.
And lip augmentation, cosmetic progress,
sits on your face to all of these things.
Mm-hmm.
And I was wondering.
What was your start with?
Well, I need to get everything done.
Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No.
Could you be brushing your face, though?
Uh, it can't be done, but I don't know if they would do it right away.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Mm-hmm.
How much?
Uh, 5,000.
Excellent.
I'd like to have my skin resurfaced, too.
Mm-hmm.
And there's the surgery.
Mm-hmm.
Have the lambs stop crying yet?
Mommy.
Excuse me?
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first, and if I'm looking at you, we can tell you that
when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy?
Uh, if you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
What would you like to make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay.
There is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay.
Okay.
My name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay.
Let me give you a little information from you.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for consultation for the...
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Or do you want to call me back?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
I've got my skin suit nibble like a...
Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
I will talk to you in the chat.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Hello?
Bye.
Bye.
