Happy ripping, happy ripping Uncle Neil. Take care everybody.
The music press on the previous programs are those of the hosts guests.
Guys, those guys were great! The music broadcast group, the guests, advertisers for eight years.
Being good.
What do you mean by that?
What a great night here was.
Say we're back. That was a breath of a sailor.
Have we got a zero at midnight?
It's Friday, you first day.
Transmary minutes.
Canners, poppins, beat, woman, or a man.
Come and don't go around in the generation camp.
You replace the porkers, have to change up the grass.
With the better way to raise that torture instead.
Uncle and I racked because we hate them.
For something that we know they did not do.
Push your power back to your occupation.
Now we're all true.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Anyway, let's get down to business here.
I didn't hear any of that fantastic show this morning.
But I'm glad I fulfilled a life-thong dream for her.
Was that Alex who was saying that?
Yeah, that's right.
And what did George say about Alex?
He said he looked like a man.
He looked like a man.
Oh, a man.
I thought you meant gay, like that.
No, I've no idea.
There's no gay people with sunsets.
You better get with it.
A girl, the two-to-four again this afternoon.
Wait till you hear those numbers from two-to-four, man.
The audience, you better strap yourselves in.
Buckle your seatbelt, okay?
It's going to be a rocky landing.
Wait, when you hear neither hour, neither hour, cracking a one-shier.
I'm this formerly great radio station.
And then of course the articles by Barry Jackass and Jim Sarni,
who's just a fat old toad.
You know, he's a big fat old bufo toad,
who's in love with Evan Cohen and the 760 of it or Palm Beach,
which nobody listens to 760 Palm Beach, ESPN radio.
Nobody even knows where the hell it is on the dial, 760.
I thought 760 was WJR Detroit, home of JPM McCarthy.
And the tiger is for a long time.
Maybe even still, I don't know.
And don't care.
But boy, oh boy.
And neither article has, Bobbers to mention at this show,
has got big, you know, we have big, everything is being relative, you know.
You know, new scheme of things.
And we actually got a number three bonus.
You got a little bit of money there.
In fact, George is going out right after the show now and going nuts.
That's right.
I'm going to get that tire retreaded that I'm going to tackle Bell.
And why don't you talk about it yesterday?
Got me my burrito supreme with little beads.
I didn't tell you about the other part of it.
I put, because one was enough for my pasta, for my room-fuel pasta.
So that was my lunch.
And then last night for dinner, I just heated up the other one and just took a folk
and ate the innards.
There's nothing wrong with Taco Bell if you just eat the fillings of everything.
If you eat the tacos and the burritos and if you eat the flour-based stuff,
that's all carbs, man.
That's going to kill you.
That's why all those Mexicans are so chummy.
By the way, happy Cinco de Mayo.
Okay.
So, thank you.
You're welcome.
I'm going to play the Mexican National Anthem.
Yeah, we can do that.
We'll beat on a piñata.
Yeah.
My name.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, we can play that in a minute.
Here's the poll result from yesterday.
Yeah, I'm serious.
I feel like I'm like Patrick Kennedy.
I feel like I'm going to snooze off here in a minute.
Really?
That was wide a wait before the show when I was talking to you.
Maybe it was Mike and Alex put me to sleep.
I don't know.
Mad Dog at the Quote of Deccan sunrise.
4 to 7.
Three salad hours of gym managed today.
A rarity, a real tweet.
I'll be out there with him.
And Josh is going to be out there too.
Looking for the free food and the hot chicks.
Especially the free food.
Marlins on Dec. 7 and Marlins who are red hot, man.
What did I tell you?
I told you they found a team they could beat.
Why?
They swept the series, man.
They swept the series.
Of course, a short series.
Yeah.
Probably just as well.
They beat the Nats again right there in Washington.
They were at St. Louis, I guess, that I ended this weekend.
735 tonight.
And Marl, no, wait a minute.
Is that at St. Louis?
No, that's here.
Oh.
That's why I figured it was 735.
It would be 635 in St. Louis.
I don't know any place where they start ball game 635.
Why was a short road trip then?
Wasn't it?
Yes it was.
Kind of a schedule as this.
As they say in Japan, it's bucked.
It's far clamped.
Anyway, their home against the Cardinals this weekend, 925.
Then Eddie came from Vegas again, follows Marlin baseball.
Somebody, please tune in at midnight.
Okay.
Set your alarm.
If you go to bed early all the way to this Friday.
Set your alarm and tune in at midnight just so we have somebody listening.
Because according to ArborTron, we have nobody listening from midnight to 1 o'clock
anymore.
And we have a O point out.
Oh.
I'm going to go through these numbers, hour by hour.
And there's that graph again.
There's the chart of the Q and M ratings.
Okay.
Hour by hour.
And there's that big thumb, a big, a big middle finger sticking up there in here.
And that's in the middle of the day.
And the rest of it, I played the farc sound, but Joyce of course would nail my ass big time for that.
Rest of the day you don't want to know, but you will.
I'll tell you.
I'll lay it all on you.
And then we got the Waxy Hour by hour's boy.
Do they suck or what?
Absolutely.
You guys, you guys over there trying to rationalize.
And of course, do gots is quoted in that one article too.
Wow.
Or a new station.
They're not a new station.
They've been on up for a year and a half now, almost two years.
New station, my ass.
They're old news, man.
They're old.
They're decrepit.
They're bad.
And I hate to break the news to you, Stu.
Got too many glam money or that's your real problem.
Tent to old rummens fell got heckled yesterday.
We've seen this 4,000 times.
They said you knew where they were.
Reme cover.
Nice job there, Ray.
The former CIA guys.
Respect sites were.
And we were just you said you knew where they were.
You're the print.
You're back dead.
And Northeast South and West of there.
Those are your words.
And my words.
Yeah, Remy.
My words were that.
No, no, no.
Wait a minute.
Let him stay one second.
Just a second.
This is America, huh?
Yeah.
Few people just smatted with your applause as opposed to all the other
Stooges they had in there as usual.
Any of the Bush co-crowd, are we packed with these, you know,
right-wing Stooges, like the Oprah audience.
A bunch of minges, mood-eyed.
Yeah, that's right.
It's a stepper-wise.
10-14-560WQM.
If you think you might have termites in your home, man, they're going to bug the crap out of you.
And they're going to start chewing your house to bits.
And then you're going to have a real mess.
Do the smart thing and call ridded pest control today for a free termite inspection.
Ridded pest control uses an amazing, hard drill.
I shouldn't have taken those pills, I'm telling you.
That's going to be great.
It is.
Ridded pest control uses an amazing, orn-dural treatment that kills termites
and the rex-honor percent on contact.
They're gone faster than you can say.
Gary Sarner ate trief over the holidays.
If you have termites, it's the best possible way to get rid of them.
You don't have to tend your house.
And when people see a house with tending on a man, they run for the hills.
Because they know that it's just infested with crap.
You don't have to worry about poison as gas.
No moving out or staying in hotels for days or even weeks at a time to eliminate all that crap.
No worrying about food or pets in your health.
At ridded they treat your home with this amazing orn-droid.
You don't have to leave it all.
In fact, when they're treating your property, doing anything left behind is,
the clean set of oranges for just a few days.
It's absolutely true.
If you have a termite problem, this is the smartest thing to do.
Call ridded pest control right now and find out about this amazing orn-dural treatment
that kills termites and their eggs 100% on contact.
No tending, no BS, no games, no moving out, no motels, no kidding.
Call right now for a free no obligation inspection call ridded pest control.
That's two words, RID, I-T.
Got it? Not ridded.
1-800-447-4348.
I don't know if they do boofotos, but probably.
1-800-447-4348.
Be sure in time that Gary Sarner, 40 to call ridded pest control 1-800-447-4348.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
Who's gonna get a bricky of bloke?
We went to Mexico for an honeymoon.
Oh, did you? That'll test the relationship.
The food.
Yeah.
You wait each other up.
I really do love it.
Yeah, you don't know what to say, you know.
You just lay in there and it's like, whoa!
Geez, I'm kidding.
Wendly burning tires.
Can 18th judges all say about his big bonus that we didn't expect we were getting from this last reading book.
He's going out and buying some burning tires at two o'clock.
That's right.
Well, there won't be burning when I buy them, but I'll send fire to them.
286 votes in the poll for me on stage.
And we apologize for our website being out last time.
I don't know what time it went down.
That's why we start now with such a small number on today's poll.
And we're probably going to have some difficulty making a thousand.
We only got what? 510?
515?
It's about 515 to QAM.
Here's the mad dog.
What country should be banned from exporting anymore immigrants to the USA?
Cuba, 452.
That's bad.
Mexico, 342.
None.
Let them all in 167.
Let them all come in from anywhere.
We'll take care of them.
Haiti, 164.
I hate this poll 82.
Jamaica, line 25.
See, not too many.
They love the Jamaicans.
Yeah, man.
Because the Jamaicans always point out where we find a good machine man.
Canada, 22, those dang Canadians, with their damn curling and crap.
Nicaragua, 18, and Columbia, 14.
We don't want to stop them either.
Because just like the Jamaicans, they got the good crap.
That seems to be it.
Whoever got the good drugs, those are the ones that you folks want to come in.
Oh, geez.
Oh, no.
Oh.
What happened?
Still?
No, I just know.
I just thought I'd interrupt a whole bunch of old stories.
I have a sinkhole and all this stuff.
In fact, there is a story about the guy with the sinkhole.
Remember I mentioned that?
Right.
This is all old stuff.
Here's the thing about the El Metro Radio Show on WNMA.
No more audience.
I'm showing this off.
I'm just mid-Cander all the way.
Okay, that's a cure of that.
Paduca can tucky.
Oh, wait a minute.
Here's today's poll first.
And then we'll take about 400 calls.
Then we got Dave Johnson at 11 o'clock.
And then we got Gellia too.
When you hear the numbers, that this radio station put in there between two and four.
And this is in the wake of our new general manager, Bozo the Clown, saying,
Oh, wow, we're not in any hurry to get a permanent guy in here from two to four.
All the ways of changing the tune on that now.
Because how much lower can we go than Moe with at one share in area?
Moe had one, two months in a row.
Two trends in a row had a one between two and four.
Well, guess what?
Did we do lower than a one?
Yeah.
Both hours is a matter of fact.
In fact, the three to four hours should be transmitter maintenance.
Nice going, Joe.
Man, you are doing it.
Kill him.
Yes.
520 votes on the pool.
What one word is the worst thing you can call someone?
Oh, I see.
No Joyce words.
Right.
There was no choice.
No Joyce should be under.
Yeah, Joyce, you Joyce, you bitch.
I tell you one thing Joyce, and be ready for this.
I think you're right.
That's right.
Just get ready.
I'm going to sue your ass, Joyce.
And now that I found out that you're, you know, it's a personal thing.
And she's interfering with a show.
Mm-hmm.
That's unacceptable.
It's unprofessional.
It's unacceptable.
What it is.
Joyce, we took a vote.
We just decided you are unacceptable.
Bitch.
What one word the worst thing you can call somebody?
No Joyce words.
A whole 108.
Now see, that's as close as we come to a Joyce word.
Can't say it, but.
Coward 98.
Fag 67.
Slut 45.
Retarded 37.
Moron 25.
Bitch 21.
Cow 17.
Schmuck 17.
Cheapskate 17.
Pig 15.
Tub 10.
Tansy spelled with a Z.
I have no idea why because I didn't spell it that way.
Tansy 10.
Tuts 10.
See, that's spelled with a Z.
Troll 9.
Hipocrit 8.
Nice job, whoever called it.
Thanks that in.
Gross 4.
Slob 3.
In Geek 1.
Well, I've been called a fat old, fat, slob.
So you see it?
Nothing wrong with that.
Don't bother me.
524.
I don't think we got any shot at that thousand today.
And that's because the site was down.
We know why.
Does Eric said any message or letter 5.
I don't think he's in the little chat room yet.
He's out in the room.
Well, maybe that's why the site was down.
Maybe he was busy eating Mexican, out of hell, synch with him.
Maybe he went to Taco Bell.
Maybe he made a Taco Bell run.
Maybe he was eating Mexicans.
You know, that was my first visit to Taco Bell.
Quite some time.
And I was just amazed.
The ones here now, they got like Kentucky fry on one side.
You know how they have a lot of these places where there's two different food joints side by each?
Yeah.
Duncan Donuts and Bastard Robbins seem to be very big on that.
That is where they're like, uh, right.
Yeah, you go into the place and it's like two different fast food joints and they're like together.
Yeah, they have those here too, by the way.
What do you mean?
They have Taco Bell KFCs and Taco Bell Pizza Hut.
You know, I understand that.
That's what I was just saying.
Why, you're suggesting it's a Toronto thing?
Is that what you're trying to tell?
I thought that's what you were trying to say.
No, that's not what I was saying at all.
I was just saying I haven't been there in a long time.
I wasn't aware that the colonel was sticking his nose in it.
Maybe the colonel was Mexican.
But anyway, the thing I was going to say is that the menu at Taco Bell is sure expanded a whole lot.
Boy, they got all kinds of crap.
I mean, it's all basically the same stuff.
But it's just, it's like Chef Boyardy.
How many times do I totally do that?
About 30 minutes.
It's basically the same slop and then they put it in different holders.
They put all those tacos and chimichangas and whatever else.
What is a chimichangas?
A chimichangas.
A chimichangas is like a burrito that's been deep fried.
Oh, that's instant cancer.
You can feel the tumor.
You can just walk right to the hospital while you're eating it.
That's a good idea.
And bring them some too, by the way.
They'll love it.
They're not hospital food.
All that damn jello.
Oh, God.
There's one thing I will never eat again until I stick my ass in a box.
It's jello.
So it really made out of horse hooves.
Is that what they say?
I think it is.
Yeah, ground up horse hooves.
Paduka Kentucky, a teacher in Western Kentucky has been suspended.
I will not have her contract with me after a ministerialist on oxy appeared in an adult moving more than a decade ago.
Oh, my God.
Terracid die.
D-Y-E.
Die, as in...
I'm dying out of here.
A science teacher in volleyball coach had readled in the high school in Paduka for the last two years with suspended wins.
They in total she would not return to the classroom in the fall.
Your presence in the classroom would cause a disruption to the educational process, a cracking county school superintendent Tim Heller wrote in the letter to die.
I fear there would be less than a serious approach to schooling by students who viewed the video or knew about it.
That doesn't say, oh, she was also a volleyball coach.
She was a baton.
Die said she suffers from bipolar disorder and agreed to appear in 1995 because she had no home or income and her disease wasn't being treated.
She said she spent one day in L.A. filming the movie and didn't even use a real name.
I absolutely 100% regret doing that, she said.
Absolutely.
I've always tried to look ahead and not focus on it, but I wasn't diagnosed at the time.
Die later during the army and served in a military police unit for Lewis Washington before going to college becoming a teacher.
Some parents such as Bonnie Chilco tovary didn't support a die.
Chilco took her daughter, Nicolene Jennell, out of school to attend an impromptu rally Wednesday for the suspended teacher.
She's not the person she works in years ago, Chilco said.
We've all done things we regret except hers is on tape.
You see that movie?
No.
Mary Blankenship, a Marie attorney hired by the Kentucky Education Association Representative, died said the superintendent said it may be a challenge.
Well, good.
And I regret she shows the movie in class.
She'll get a lot more, she'll get 100% attendance in class.
That's right.
What's wrong with that?
I'll reenroll.
What's not to like?
Huh?
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Hey, yeah, the Taco Bell in KFC and Pizza Hut are all owned by PepsiCo.
Right, that's correct.
Yeah, so that's all in there.
Hey, how about a word for your poll?
See you in Tijuana.
No.
I think what he's saying to see you next time is what he's trying to say.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
The last thing we needed to put joy swords on there, and other we know that she's trying to sabotage this show in Sandbaggett, and the meantime, just out of spite, we still beat, you know something? What?
Not only we beat all the other day parts by a mile, but there's only one other hour in the whole day that's got more than a three-year, and that's five to six p.m.
And we're doing all fives and sixes, following a one-six at nine o'clock in the morning, a one-point-six-year.
You could have the transmitter turned off and still do about that, and at midnight, a one-point-six-year.
Let's see, oh here, this isn't good when somebody fasted.
Please add Republican to the poll, that is good. Talk about a low below. That's about as low as you can go. You damn Republican.
There's all those baggage that goes along with it, like fascist, piece of crap, turd, fanatic, all of this stuff. Republican, it's good.
Okay, well we'll come back and go through the hour by hour and read every number on all pages. That'll take us to about 1230.
Dave Johnson, live with our Kentucky Derby preview.
Gracie, over the mighty Morphin Power Rangers movie.
Starring the hip-young warriors who use their incredible morphing skills to fight for justice.
But if you think it's too violent for your kids, now there's an alternative.
A new movie about power Rangers who use peaceful means to solve their problems.
Hell, hell, my Vanuas is so big, toxic chemicals from the river.
Don't worry little boy, he'll pay for this evil deed.
Who are you?
I'm a power ranger.
Wow, are you gonna use your incredible morphing powers to stop them?
No violent action against my religion.
What religion?
I'm a member of the Church of Latter-day Saints.
Whether you are a mighty Morphin Power Ranger.
No, I'm a mighty Mormon Power Ranger.
But you said he paid for his evil deeds.
And so he will on judgment day.
I mean, you're not gonna do anything?
Well, I'm going to do something.
Don't grow what?
I'm going to Salt Lake City and take another wife.
20th Century Foss presents a mighty Mormon Power Rangers.
There's not much they can do about Ivanus with they do know Donny Osman personally.
A mighty Mormon Power Ranger.
Kevin Sunde with the Adonir News.
1031AQAM, I'm gonna win Sturk my Trade this afternoon to file a 10 million dollar lawsuit against Joyce Fritch.
All right.
That is correct.
Can I get another?
Sure you like that.
I do that.
You get a piece.
Okay, before we get into those numbers, I want to tell them deeply.
You know what I mean?
Really deeply.
But gay human rights group outrage has today accused Iraqi police of executing a 14-year-old
boy and the Alderadistrict of Baghdad in early April.
Osman Khalil was accused of corrupting community and creating a scandal because he had sex with men.
Osman was in fact a victim of poverty.
He sold his body to get money and food to help his impoverished family survive, said Aliahili.
An ex-owned gay Iraqi who's in at least a fair spokesman for the London-based outrage.
According to a neighbor who witnessed Osman's execution from his bedroom window,
four uniform police officers arrived at Osman's house and a four-wheel drive police pickup truck.
The neighbor saw the police dog, the police rather drag Osman out of the house
and shoot him at point-blank range pumping tubulets into his head
and several more bullets in the rest of his body to make sure I...
Mr. Hilly is also a coordinator of the Iraqi LGBT UK group
consisting of more than 30, 30, it says.
Iraqi gay exiles in the UK.
They're in contact with the underground network of gay people in Baghdad and other cities.
He was given details of Osman's execution by his friends in Baghdad, including Jay,
a university graduate and professional who lives in the Alderadry and who is spoken to by witnesses and Osman's neighbors.
According to our contacts in Baghdad, the Iraqi police have been heavily infiltrated by the Shia Parliamentary
and the bomb-gunned border guard, the border guard, the border guard, the border guard,
the border guard, the border guard, the border guard, the border guard, the border guard,
the border guard, the border guard, the border guard, the border guard, the border guard,
the border guard, the border guard, the border guard, the border guard, the border guard,
the border guard, the border guard, the border guard, the border guard, the border guard,
the border guard, the border guard, the border guard, the border guard,
the border guard, the border guard, the border guard part, nobody needed anything but a quiet person.
Moroccanllant Al-Hazayevil raining, martyred waters always?
Local hike among these buildings has turned해�ally gliding up from the its wood andbest in Turkey?
It has set out of force to bid farewell to the olives that have gone through the streets of Kabul,
Adult. Well, that's the kind of great government that we have to set up there in Iraq.
This is why all these 2415 Americans have died for, so we can try to civilize a bunch of barbarians.
And of course, remember that thing in Fahrenheit and I love it in Chop Chop Square there.
Yeah, and it's chop the guys head off.
These are the kind of stone age people that you're paying four bucks a gallon for gas pretty soon.
And in Brooklyn, they showed this morning on a certainly not news network, 429 a gallon for high-test.
So that we can support these stone age lunatics, these crazy people, these good friends of the Bush family,
band our Bush and have been in a lot of family.
All these great close personal friends of the whole Bush family, the God's image,
who there are two days after that, and I love where they're on a White House on a porch,
whining and dining and smoking and big fat, stowries drinking real, real,
you can be damn sure expensive wine. I guarantee that wasn't no grandma boon.
575 votes on a pool. I don't know the verdicts out where they get to a thousand.
Now did Eric take it? What the hell happened with our website last night?
Oh yeah, the matter of fact, this is the answer that you want here.
The server locked up just after the ISP closed for the day, so it took a while to get someone to go back
and reload the bias and reset the machine.
Reload the bias? That's right. Are you glad you asked?
Kind of like me, because when I was born, I was cut on a bias.
Really? It's slid down.
Yeah, and so what time did we get the damn thing back on here?
Because I always went to bed around 11-11 something this last night
that we couldn't even get on our website.
And I didn't bother him. I was going to bother fatso because I wouldn't interrupt any meals.
Okay, you want to get in the...
Hi.
That's right.
Sir, I don't know if the audience is emotionally mature enough to handle these numbers.
We're not.
I can handle them.
I see that chart, that graph, that shows the 24 hours of the day,
and starts there at midnight when we have a 0.0.
We have average person's average quarter,
how we have nobody listening at midnight.
Zero. Nobody. In other words, not just a few.
Even across the street, they got...
What do they got? Where's their thing?
They got...
Well, they got 100.
0.4.
So after midnight, this force talked people.
They were all...
Shluffin or something. They're all gone.
Maybe they're at the sports bars.
You know, the sports bars without microphones?
Maybe that's where they are.
Maybe they just all hang it up together.
Or, yeah, maybe they're just all taking a shower together before they go to bay.
I don't know what they're doing.
But the fact is that from midnight to one o'clock at the morning,
and the winter rating book, there are no sports nerds at midnight.
As a matter of fact, from one...
Let's see.
One to five in the morning, because the overnight is red is a lump.
Oh, now we kicked their ass there with sporting news radio, no less.
We got a 2-2.
It's one of our better hours.
Of course.
A 2-2, man, and it looks lovely too.
And across the street, they got a 1-5.
We got 300 people.
Listen, they got 200 between one and five in the morning.
And then the big girl has one good hour in here, and then after that,
oh, wait to hear these.
You people are going to be...
This is going to be the talk of the town I'll begin long.
It's going to be a scandal.
And I realized that there were some ethnic waiting and some bizarre things
in the coast is number one in midday and man.
And all these other bizarre,
this is the strangest reading book,
but that having been said, and we will get to Barry's column where Joe Bell
makes a lot of excuses.
Ah, hey, Barry, like me, what did you say?
I'm Barry, that rhymes with you, Ferrari.
But nevertheless.
Oh my goodness.
Travis was in there this morning.
He admitted that to we suck.
He said, boy, am I embarrassed to be a part of this piece of crap.
And I said, you know what, Clarins?
That's the most honest thing you've ever said.
And thanks for making sure my check show up on time.
And make sure, now that we find out that we got our third place bonus.
We're number three, damn it.
Yeah, we'll take it.
Hey, you know something the way things are going with this regime?
We're number three.
Dammit.
Yeah, I didn't like that.
Nicely done.
Oh, beautifully done.
Vigently done if I say so myself.
I'm nodding off, not from the show, but from the pills.
Don't ever let me do that again.
Stop popping them pills, guys.
Those are very effective though.
They're very good.
Maybe I'll get hooked on them.
What's his name on?
Look at the dust on the guiding light.
Boy, that show is so bad.
Well, I'm kind of pills for it.
Oh, man.
Why doesn't somebody kick Lizzy in the...
I don't say that M word now.
I just haven't just kicked their crap out of her all right.
I'm so tired of these.
Plotting evil playing games.
Of course, that's women, you know.
Yeah, right.
No, most women are always playing games
in plotting evil things.
How they can screw up your life.
Kind of like Joyce.
That's right.
Kind of like what Joyce is doing to me.
Yeah, how can she...
How can she hurt this show?
You see, she's not doing all these things
and making all these prohibitions
because the FCC requires it.
And because our licenses would be in jeopardy
if we said anything on here, you know.
Now, she's doing it just to try to stick it to me.
And of course, we don't even have
a anybody in management that'll stand up for that bitch.
That's the problem.
Oh, yes, Joyce.
Oh, yes, yes.
What do you say, sir?
And they do call her a sir.
And rightfully so, queen, what I hear.
Like, is she surly?
No, because you got a beard in a mustache.
20 to 11 at a QAM.
Dave Johnson, the 11 o'clock.
We're not going to spend a whole lot of time on the Derby
because let's face it.
I mean, anybody in this audience
care about horse racing?
No.
Hockey?
No.
Curling?
No.
Golf?
No.
No.
How about check?
How about those heat last night?
Eliminate the bulls, man, right there in Chicago?
Kick their ass.
What was it?
113.98, I believe?
Something like that, yeah.
Yeah, something like that.
Marla's want to get last night.
Oh, aren't we blessed to be here in South Florida?
Are you guys, huh?
Aren't we blessed down here, Jim?
I'm not really sure which was the best call of all time.
That one, aren't we blessed to be a Jim?
That was after a big UM and Dolphin went on a same weekend,
which of course never happened again.
And then that's almost as good as,
thank you, Mr. President, for those low gas prices.
I'm not, I'm not sure which, maybe we ought to take a vote on that,
right?
For the best call of all time.
20 to 11 o'clock, all you horse racing fans and poker players,
Pompadot Park Racing and Pokers got just a game
reaction you'd be looking for.
And also, it's going to be featuring
somal casting of the Kentucky Derby tomorrow.
You don't have to waste any extra gas.
You'd rather be further than you have to.
You were to watch and wager on the run for the roses.
Pompadot Park will feature early bird wagering on the Derby today,
starting at noon.
And then tomorrow Saturday, May 6th, you can watch and wager
on the Derby plus the last two races from Churchill Downs.
I sure hope Mike would tag his eye.
And I didn't call him there anymore, thank God.
For the lead, for the lead, he is so bad.
Come be part of the crowd as they root home the winner of the first leg
of the Triple Crown.
Pompadot Park will also have free pass performance pages
for the Kentucky Derby field.
Look at it just a half mile through both I and I.
D5 and the turn.
Pompadot Park is easy to get to.
And best of all, they offer you free admission
and free general parking every day.
What's not to like?
Free live harness racing in the great smoke free
poker room was open every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
Like this weekend, poker starts at noon.
It goes on until midnight and live racing gets underway
nightly at 725.
Him Bruce Ranger is number two at URDS,
DS RS in the country.
Nice going, Brucey.
That's the decide mention that.
He's a very unsung hero man.
He is a sensational.
I mean, he ain't no brand and givens but then again, who is also
the miss out on dollar night Wednesdays.
That's when draft beer soda,
sod dogs and more just the bucket.
He's starting at 6 p.m.
He's no brand cream or either.
So don't forget to come out Saturday, May 6 tomorrow to watch
and plunge your lungs on the Kentucky Derby brother Derek in front
by five.
Pompadot Park, a block south Atlantic Boulevard
and a power line road for the current racing schedule.
Call 9-5-4-972-2000 or on the wicked web.
It's Pompadotpark.com.
This is the meal Roger.
This is 5.62 A.S.
Heels Polk.
Pompadot.
I'll tell you what I didn't think.
My little guy was ever going to have something.
He would just like make all the green noises and grind stuff.
And one day, his first word,
your mother sucks to smell.
I make sense.
Mama Fager, right?
He takes care of it.
Then the second word,
second word was,
I guess that's the word he probably heard most.
His third word,
I was kind of hoping it would be that,
right?
But it wasn't.
It sounded like you will die.
But actually, it turned out it was McDonald's.
You guys go to McDonald's with Mama Fager.
He wants to go there, like, I say, like Mama Fager.
Don't like?
Me?
You know, come on.
Dad has go to hardy.
Hardy's new monster, Faker Burger,
with four strips of bacon,
three slices of cheese,
and two thirds of a pound of...
Human flesh.
Because McDonald's is great when you're...
This is by the Lord of Darkness.
The McDonald's is a registered trademark of McDonald's corporation.
1046, a.k.m.
and I won part of that,
reminds me of that Ned Beatty scene where he's saying,
you've messed with the primal forces of man, Mr. Beal.
And you will repent.
You remember that scene?
Yes.
The man he sits down and the action goes like,
look on Howard Beal's face and Ned Beatty says,
the man goes,
really, Mr. Beal?
Oh, that will be so great.
And Josh is trying to tell us that it sucks
and it put him to sleep.
Yeah, I just don't get it.
I do not get it.
I mean, if he wouldn't tell me that...
This movie that you're going to watch this weekend, George,
if that puts you to sleep the last years,
the last days, what's that called?
Last days?
Last days of Kirk Cobain.
It'll make you want to blow your brains out, believe me.
He's horrible acceptable.
Somebody faxes in.
Horror is sensational.
I think horror is fine.
What's wrong with horror?
You horror, it depends on how you look at the literature.
You slut.
And as a matter of fact, I think we got that one drop in
that covers most of it.
Where the hell is it?
Oh, yeah.
You bitch.
You slut.
You horror.
There you go.
And those are all three of mine.
And now if we put horror on, right?
Right.
Here's how we're doing it so far.
613, no Joyce words, but what other one word
is the worst thing you can call somebody?
A hole 127.
Coward 103.
That's A hole, Joyce.
I don't want to say ass.
Coward 103, Fag72, slut 52.
Slut.
Retarded 42.
And we're not talking about mentally retarded.
We're talking about, we know it.
Everybody knows it.
Right.
Retarded.
Like most of our salespeople.
Figured in.
And our man is literally.
Moor on 28.
There's nothing worse than a Moor.
Toot toot toot.
Ron.
You've heard a Ron and Ron.
That's a good idea.
What about Ronnie Diaz in the moment?
OK, for the Moor on show.
28 for Moor on.
Republican is moving up there real fast.
27 with this commie liberal Pico crowd we got.
Bitch 23.
Schmuck 20.
Hey, Schmuck.
Pipercrate 19.
Chiefscape 19.
I guess Schmuck would be like the male counterpart for mench.
Cow 18, pig 15.
Puts 11.
Tub 10.
What a tub.
Panzy with a Z.
Yeah.
Why do we have panzy with a Z?
Well, we get to differentiate from panzy like the flower.
Panzy spelled with an S-erick.
OK, and Josh can't correct you on that.
So, and this is an Eric thing.
Well, he was under a lot of stress because the server went out.
I'd love to 38.
He tells me.
Oh.
Troll 10.
Gross 4.
Slob 3.
Geek 1.
And Horde just went on there.
6.
Under 18.
And I guess.
Huh?
Eric says that feel free to call him when you notice something
like that happening.
No, I'm not going to call anybody.
He's like, you're going to call him.
Or the puppy.
It was a bad person.
I don't want to call.
I don't want to hear.
Whoa.
Now, Eric is great.
He's always, when he hears me on the phone,
he's always very receptive and pretends
he's happy to hear from me.
Because he knows when I call, there's some kind of a problem.
He's like, oh, geez.
Here we go again.
You know, it's like that.
We'd like to find code you at home and say, oh, what the hell is he
want?
What's your old man want?
Must be something big.
I mean, how many times have I called you at home
in all these years?
Like five?
Oh, I think you're, I think that's a little over the top.
I don't think that many.
Anyway, I guess let's do very jackasses, comforts.
Jim Sarni, I wouldn't waste your time with his com.
I didn't even bother.
Oh, and you know something?
What?
Remember what I told you about the sunset
and the website being screwed up?
Not only can't I get any of the, I can get finally
and get the page to come up, the front page.
OK.
Then when you click on the story, the story won't come on there.
Or if you like, and then if I do a search for like,
Jim Sarni, I can get the page that's got his stories,
such as they are.
But then if I try to click on one, it won't open up.
And I can't print them out.
So anyway, had you print a couple out, including that one
about the school teacher?
And I don't know, the one about the girl
that wanted to sign the antidepressant would get to that.
But anyway, the print, I'm sure your print
that's from the Sunsend cell before, it doesn't even
look like Sunsend the print type.
You know what I mean?
Right, so they're having some very serious issues over there.
And I don't care what Josh is trying to tell me about how,
remember that the other day who's telling me,
well, I get it right here.
Yeah, good luck to you.
Trying to say it was me.
It was a Neil Rogers issue.
You're always feeding that, trying to blend it off
on my beautiful little studio.
Like here, I just clicked onto it.
Sunsend there's the header of the page
and the rest of it's blank.
And I know if I wait, and I wait, and I wait,
after a long time, the rest of the front page on air
will finally come up.
But in fact, I'll do this thing here.
And then maybe when I go back, when I'm done with Barry,
maybe the rest of the page will be there.
And maybe not.
So you people have to say, you should have told that
to Alex and what's his name?
Mike Verdeena, when they left from the Sunsend cell,
and they would go and hide.
They did it.
Or just popped up there.
Just came all the hide like that.
No, it's just slow.
Now, I clicked on the store, but if you click this,
then the storey to go try to get the whole storey,
like the principal bars, cross-spring student
from singing anti-boist song and talent show,
and you click on it, not ordinarily,
like all the other websites are still working just fine.
And the Sunsend leaves to be just fine.
You know, the storey opens up, and then you can read it,
or print it out, or scream about it, or whatever you want to do.
Oh, Hutchinson Island may have the first shark
by the victim of the year.
Ooh, man.
Whatever happened with those shooting exacts about this,
did we ever hear any more about that?
Or was that just to kill some time?
To kill some people?
So I've clicked on this, and what's gonna happen?
It'll be, it'll give you the, it didn't work thing, you know?
This page can't be open, and the, yeah, there it is.
This page cannot be displayed.
Just as I said it, God, I am, I'm a sharp as a monster ball,
man, I'm good.
I just asked me, I'm good.
Anyway, ratings drop hits both WQM and 790
the ticket rights, Barry the Ferry.
Hey, Barry!
You fell.
And guess what, Barry?
I think you're mad.
Yeah, that too.
You, you quizzling.
You pudgey little quizzling.
He, you know, he, he used to call his com the couch potato,
which is an insult to potatoes,
even the people in Idaho are pretty pissed off about that.
But, the more I think about it,
he's the definitive couch potato.
He's a lump.
He's a walking, squawking lump.
But, mommy still makes those peanut butter
and the below these sandwiches every day for Barry,
kind of 60 or something.
The winner ratings book is out, Barry writes,
and WQNH, see this is the first we found out about
some of the stuff until finally, clearance came in there,
gave us this stuff we were supposed to have yesterday.
But, the fact that, the fact that we,
you know, dragged it off till today,
that's good, cause it kills him good time.
Right.
The winner ratings book is out in WQM,
which can still boast the lead over 20 month old,
790 the tickets.
Yeah, I told you it's almost two years now, 20 month.
But, neither radio stations are through a party.
The fact is, the January through March numbers
were down overall for both five, 16, 790,
the ratings book that was skewed toward his spanish stations.
Nope, he hit upon a key, okay, I'm sorry.
It was a disappointing book for us,
but all of the Anglo-AAM stations took a drop,
WQM General Manager Joe Bell said,
where you talk about rationalizing,
is beating 790 any solace.
I'm worried about the stations above me,
but not the ones below me, Bell said.
Oh, but seriously, we're winning,
winning pretty handily in all the money day parts.
Winning what?
Well, what does that mean?
We're winning pretty handily all the money day parts,
like 6 AM into 7P.
Winning is compared to across the street,
but that's like saying, you know,
you've got better breath than somebody who lives
in a dumpster.
John Stubach's Weiner and Boycey Ever,
General Manager of 790, the ticket.
I read that and I just,
I can't read it with a straight push, you know.
It's a silly, maybe like saying,
Robert Grieper, General Manager of WQM,
it's silly stuff.
Responded by noting WQM has dropped in the ratings
since we entered this market.
We're still ahead of where we thought.
We're in a fluctuated way,
a lot because we're a relatively news station.
No, you're not. You're old news.
And you've tried everything under the sun,
including Greg Cotex and Dan LaBaster,
pumping up phony poles and phony articles in the newspapers
and getting on TV, there were Jimmy Cifal,
and you still haven't got any audience, okay?
Then it says,
Munching on Numbers, which is sure a lot more
appetizing than Munching on peanut butter
and baloney was very sudden.
It said it's good though, it's kosher.
You noticed that he was in it.
It's more in talking to me about that account.
And he actually, this man is obsessed.
He's so Jewish, it's just sickening.
He was talking about how he eats,
he won't eat the butter on the steak with the butter.
He'll have the margarine because margarine isn't,
it's not dairy, that's a kind of.
So in other words, it's not trief,
milking inflation, yeah?
I guess what Gary Sartner's been eating trief,
he's been eating bacon, double cheeseburgers, okay?
Trief, and you're gonna burn in hell, Gary.
On weekdays, WQM had a 2.6 year among men 25 to 54,
the key demographic for sports talk radio listeners.
That ranked 16th in the market.
16th, what kind of a bonus we get for that?
Let's go.
Ah!
790 was 22nd with a 1.7 in October,
37 weightings, QM had a 3.4 in 790, a 2.2.
Of course that was through the Adoffence.
WQM dominated Near Rogers time slot,
and that's all he says about it.
And of course, Sartner, you don't even mention mid days.
Well, that's not a sports show,
but they're doing one over there.
Why don't you talk about their 1.8, huh?
Sartner, you tub a crap,
and also QM one in morning and afternoon,
driving the male 24, 554,
and from 7 to 10 AM, Hank Goldberg had a 2.1
year, a 2.1.
Oh my God, where are you, Mo?
D-D-D-Dolly.
Compared to Joe Rose's 1.7.
From 4 to 7 PM, Jim Maditch had a 3.1 year,
of course, that's following two hours of dead air,
compared to a 1.9 for Dan LaBass dude and Weiner.
WQM also won from 5 to 7 AM
with Orlando Elzacquiri's 3.2,
doubling Jeff DeForest 1.6.
Rock solid in the key male demographic,
you know, here you go.
That this is so choice.
In that key male demographic group,
790, the ticket won in two slots,
2 to 4 PM and 7 PM to midnight.
QM's audience in the afternoon slot has eroded
since Howard David DePartier on January 13,
as if he had one shares there as eroded since then,
you know, very, you're such a,
you're such a suck up, you're such a fool.
You're so pathetic.
790's, Booge Shamby and Cyril Filling host
had a 1.35 share between,
see, 1.35, 9.1.3, but he's got to put the hundreds
on there where nobody does.
Between 2 and 4 PM, compared to 8.0.7
for alternating host on QAM.
From 7 to midnight, 790 had a 2.1,
and QM had a 0.7.
We're doing numbers that start with it.
Oh, not a good sign.
This is Neel Roger.
This is 5.16.8.
This is the Neel Roger show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Hey, you're doing great.
You're having plenty of questions.
Love the world, baby.
I love you, Tom.
I love you too, baby, but this is a quiet, okay?
I said quiet.
You're not getting more your sign college is getting.
You know what hurts?
Come in, let's.
Okay, I know you want me to be quiet.
Yeah.
I got this quiet.
I get it.
Shut up.
Shut up.
Shut up.
I told you to shut up.
I didn't want to have to do this.
I just want to...
Oh my God.
She's really out of this world.
That Katie, man.
She's something else.
I wonder if she's got the e-meter hooked up to her thing.
What does this mean?
There's a 150 to it.
No, no.
Don't be using that word.
I'm telling you, Joyce is going to start coming after your ass
because you're associated with this show.
You get to fall out.
You get to spill over.
Then she'll be going after Josh pretty soon.
Oh, yeah.
She's going to have people stalking you pretty soon
because she's out to do anything to destroy the mid-date
and the Elijah show.
And I'm on to you, Joyce.
I got that from very excellent authority.
$500 million lawsuit coming up against your ass.
Joyce bitch.
And not only that, but...
I think you're ass.
About on top of it.
Okay, now I don't see...
And this is very unusual.
Did this happen last year?
I'm kind of thinking of the other that had happened.
I don't know.
Let me just make sure that line is working real quick.
Yeah, it's working, okay.
Because the bad line.
Because David's usually like the atomic clock.
I mean, you could set your life by, you know,
right when the big hand hits a little hand.
If he says he's going to call the 11 o'clock, he's there, you know.
So maybe something happened there.
Maybe he's busy plunging his guts out on the early way
doing for tomorrow.
Who the hell knows?
Maybe he doesn't call it this segment.
I'll call it.
Oh, you got the number?
What do you mean in this segment?
Well, what the hell is that, man?
I'm calling right there.
Who's there?
You want to?
How well?
You want to do that?
Because I got all my derby stuff.
Not that I know anything about it.
Although I did read the past performance charts for a couple of horses.
I don't mind doing a lot of homework for that.
Because he's supposed to be the expert.
What's the point of us having Dave on the earth for if I know anything?
I know nothing.
Brother Derek had a fever.
Oh, my big problem.
Oh, there it is right now.
I was just saying it for that Dave Johnson is sure very timely, man.
That's what I was saying.
How you doing?
Pretty good, Dave.
What's going on there?
Ah, it's a wonderful weather.
It is in Louisville.
It is just spectacular.
Just like Toronto, man.
Is that where you are?
Yes.
Well, what the hell did that mean?
That was bad.
It was a shot.
It's sunny.
It's going to be around 65 to 70.
What's wrong with that?
Listen, there's nothing wrong with it.
I just, I never know where you were.
You're in Amsterdam, you're in Miami, you're in Toronto.
I know.
But you never show up at a racetrack.
I spread it around that.
That is incorrect.
I'm going to would by punching my guts out on a slots two or three times a week, man.
Well, that's good.
I haven't any luck.
Are you doing good, Neil?
Not too bad as a matter of fact.
Great.
Not too good.
I mean, I'm losing my ass, but only have it.
Only like a quarter of a cheek.
So not too bad.
So the weather is good for you, boss.
Are we looking for a fast track, Dave?
Yeah.
It's supposed to be just spectacular.
So we have a fast track.
And that's good because it'll be a fair race for everybody.
Right.
Well, seeing that, what you say that, but you know as well as I, we've discussed this many times in the hundred years that we've been doing these phone things.
The Derby really isn't a fair race because you've got such a big field.
There's 20 again.
Are there any scratches?
No scratches.
Okay.
Right now.
So you know, you're right.
That's too many horses, but what are you going to do?
It's like those British racers, those steeple chase races you and I've talked about were elected.
At the end of the race, they destroyed two or three horses.
You know, it's just a little bit too much for me.
As a matter of fact, there's a big grand national.
They ain't that as to how many will finish.
Yeah.
That's right.
That's what I'm talking about.
That kind of crap.
Well, anyway, it's like a, it's insane.
And that's why when you get out of the preekeness and end of Belmont, because the Belmont sometime you only have five or six starters,
then it's a real test because then post-position does make a lot of difference.
Because there are so many people that just want to run in the Derby.
You know, there was a horse that was on the top of a 20 list that died about a week ago.
Right.
That's correct.
I think it was called with a city or something with a speciality.
Right.
We were thinking the other night at dinner, if those people really wanted that free box seat, they could have entered the dead horse.
I got news for, like I said, the Hank Dillity.
It would be the first horse to die in the stride, so I'll guarantee that.
Most of mine usually do.
Hank, can I get the Derby draw?
He is such a hoot.
I love work.
He really is. He's a piece of work.
There's only one Hank.
That is for sure.
That's true.
Of course, in this world, there's only room for one Hank, but that's the only thing.
Anyway, speaking of bad post-position, I'm going to give him my three picks.
I'm going to not be around the bush.
And I know nothing about it.
You know, I'm a harness racing man.
In fact, I remember you in Stan Burstein, I'm racing from Yonkers and Roosevelt.
Is that why I hold on? I am 100.
The universe is still around.
Stan is still around.
I talk to him in email him all the time.
He may be the nicest man on the face of the planet.
He's just such a great guy.
You are absolutely...
And boy was he ahead of the curve in terms of vetting on the computer and what the
cymbal casting was going to do.
He is a visionary.
A lot of people don't know that you called harness racing at the metal lands.
Was that when the first opened?
I did call harness racing there back in the 70s.
But I wasn't the prime announcer.
I just filled in when somebody took a night off or whatever.
I like harness.
I called harness racing in the 60s at Fairmount Park.
Oh my God.
You're so old.
I was watching on the racing channel here, the show from Woodbine a few days ago.
And they have a segment.
I think it's on Sundays where people call and request their favorite race from years ago.
And you were calling the race.
It was from like, I don't know, 78 or 87.
I don't remember the horse, but it was one of the big races that I don't know where the
hell it was even.
In fact, that seemed to be flying paster was in that race.
Oh, that was a thoroughbred race, you mean?
No, no, no.
Oh, you got harness racing.
Well, flying paster and spectacular bid ran against each other at Santa Nita.
Yeah.
And that was a great rivalry out there, those two horses.
Yeah.
And then of course, spectacular bid had a lug runny front and I thought they were going
a half a mile ahead.
That was very sad.
But we can't go back, you know?
Anyway, here's my three picks.
Here's my trifecta box.
Now, the post position and the wagering numbers aren't going to be the same.
Are they?
Oh, yeah, they know they are the same.
Oh, the digit and program are both.
Okay.
Thank God for that.
717 and 18.
Bob and John with Gary Gomez, it's Bob Bafferdores.
Yeah.
But not on top.
That's for third.
For second, I'm going with lawyer Ron.
I don't know who John McKee is.
I know my jockey is pretty good.
I don't know who that is.
John is a 24 year old guy who was doing, who was one writing title at the Churchill already.
Real success story.
His father was a jockey, David McKee.
And John weighs 95 pounds and his four foot 10.
All right.
And he says, he says, I don't have any trouble dieting.
I can eat and drink anything I want.
I don't have plenty of energy.
There you go.
He doesn't have any trouble making a wait.
I'm picking the lawyer Ron's second.
I believe his undefeated, isn't he?
No, I think he's been defeated.
But once before you, before you absolutely make it official, I heard this warning that
OJ Simpson picked lawyer Ron.
I said for a second, no comment.
If you start with that, I'm going to start Howard Cosell stories if you start with that.
No, I mean, I just, I can't imagine and I shouldn't have even brought it up.
But if I could the health care school OJ Simpson wants, I wish that, you know, that I would have been there.
I would have said, you need the lawyer because he killed Ron Goldman, didn't I?
Oh boy, oh boy.
You sure got a feather up here somewhere tonight.
And to win it, I'm picking Brother Derek.
And I know he's in post 18, which is tough, but I love Alex Salisa.
I looked at the chart.
I actually did do my homework on that one.
I looked at the past performance charts.
And, and, and, and, and Hank talked about him getting caught up in the speed.
He's got a, he's got to leave out of there pretty good from the outside.
But he can come from off the pace.
I looked at his chart.
He doesn't always have to badly.
Yeah.
Boy, it's a tough field.
Yeah, honestly.
I'm, I'll pick three horses.
I'll make it easy.
I'll take three of the three Bafford horses.
I think he'll, I think he's going to win it again.
And I keep switching from day to day, whether it's going to be sinister minister or Bob and John,
or probably if, if I had to make a number one pick, it would be point determined.
But really, I think effort's going to win it.
With Rafael Beharano is a hot jockey.
He's very good.
He's very good.
Well, I'll be damned.
Now, let me just ask you this.
I see Steve Ackman, ask me some of the trainers.
Got two horses in there.
He's got stormed treasure and the private Valnita, which are well, private Vaz got a shot.
But I was, I was, I was, I was, I should have, Hank the other morning.
How Steve Ackman is really, he must be related to cash.
Ackman's in right.
That's a very unusual name.
I think he is his older brother.
Uh-huh.
And, you know, I got it, I got to tell you this quick personal story.
I went down to do the All-American Futurity Quarter Horse Race in 1977 at Rio Dosa Downs.
And I was introduced to this wonderful family.
Marilyn was the trainer of the horses.
Keith was the jockey.
That's, that's the father and mother of Steve and Cash Aspius.
And those kids grew up at the racetrack and they had the nicest family.
And I mean, it was absolutely, you know, it was hard warming to see what kind of really wonderful love there was there.
And, and, uh, I'm a huge fan of, of their mother and father, Keith and, and Marilyn asked me to send.
Of course, the kids are made of billion dollars.
So, yeah.
They're taking care of their mom and dad, which is good.
Well, speaking of that, those old racing shows, you know, back when Frank Wright used to,
the late Frank Wright used to do the shows on the Thurberads.
Yeah.
And I remember the interviews with Steve Coth and Cash Aspius.
And when they were both High as a Pistol in New York.
Yeah.
Of course, they both wound up leaving and Steve Coth and went off to write in England.
And Cash went off to write in France and both did extremely well there.
And when I had my, when I had my satellite vision and to them, I remember them showing races with the two of them writing.
Ha-ha.
Um, you know, Keck, Steve is back here in Kentucky.
He, he stopped writing and he has a family.
He has three, three girls now and, and he runs a, a form just outside of, uh, light things.
And speaking of those, you and I have talked about this before about the French, uh,
trotting under saddle races that I saw.
Yeah.
If anybody is in a depressed mood, I'd have to do is take a look at that and you'll just laugh your ass off.
That's got to be one of the, and the French, of course, being the syllogies that they are.
They're the only ones that do that, I believe.
But that, that's got to be one of the most bizarre looking things.
The jockeys don't carry a whip and the horses are trotting and the jockeys are bouncing up and down and like trying to urge the horses on.
It's a very funny thing to watch.
It is.
That, that, that, that, that, Vincennes, they, uh, they do that.
I don't know where, where I, that's the only place I've seen it in person.
But, uh, yeah, it's, it's almost like they're getting ready to race, but they're really racing.
Like they're warming up.
When I had that satellite dish, boy, I saw racing from all over there for the, the Italian racing boy, they go nuts over that
in Italy too and Rico Balein.
What was the great, uh, Varenne, the great Italian champion a couple of years ago?
Yes.
People really go nuts.
It's a real nationalistic thing that they move over there.
Varenne, the one at the middle end, he, he came over for, for, for big races amount.
And then, and then he got beat in the, uh, Montreal, Jackie Moe took his horse and ran Varenne into the ground.
He got a boat beat.
I saw that race on TV.
It was pretty depressing.
You know, who's your favorite driver?
You know, what, uh, in the game all time.
All time?
Well, I say I would give you a name and you wouldn't know who it was because his name was Francis O'Hary with 72 years old and Detroit.
And I won so much money on this old man.
He didn't drive a lot only his own horses.
Where was that?
The DRC or, hey, what, the DRC and Hazel Park in Northfield, down to, man, this old man, he was sensational.
Probably nobody ever heard he was from Flushing Michigan and boy, he died seven years ago.
But he was just great.
He made the money out of it.
I'll tell you, Brian Sears is the great, and anybody argues with me on this, I wouldn't even listen to him.
Brian Sears right now, and of course, his dad, Jay Sears, uh, would never much of a driver, but a good horseman at, at Pompo-no Park.
And then of course, the grandfather, uh, Gene Sears was in the Hall of Fame.
Grandfather was Rollbuck?
Gene Sears.
Come on, don't start with a Sears in Rollbuck.
You, you, you know, Gene Sears, come on.
You hit a little harness racing like you said.
I do.
No, no, I, I, I've heard of him.
I don't know, but I did, I did.
I'm going to tell you, Brian, who just, I don't know, he was at the meadow several years, and he just beat the pants off at Dave Polonew, who of course is as good as they come.
And then he went on the meadowlands.
And he just, he's, I just looked it up before the show as a matter of fact, because I look at it every day.
I look up the driver's standings.
Yeah.
He's already got $3.2 million in earnings for the year, and it's only like the middle of May.
I get them.
The, the, the result every morning, uh, from meadowlands, he seems to win two or three every night.
He, he's phenomenal.
He, he's the best in the world, and just, uh, just a, uh, super guy too.
Uh, well, it's now that we put the audience in a coma with all the racing stuff, because as you, as you know, in South Florida, it's very limited.
It's early bird dinners and, uh, free stuff.
That's what they're still interested in after all these years.
Have a, have a great call tomorrow.
Thank you.
And, uh, I'll talk to you before the, uh, but your number one pick is Bob and John?
No, no, that's number three.
I'm going with Brother Derek, lawyer Ron Second and Bob and John Third.
Okay, and I'll take, um, point determined against the Brother Derek for our, uh, our horse, the horse bat, okay?
Okay.
Okay. Thanks, Dave. And I've seen a couple weeks.
Talk to you for the breakfast.
Thank you. Bye-bye.
There you go, Dave Johnson.
Boy, we sure went a little bit along with that was okay.
And of course, I'm sure the audience say, what were they talking about?
What is all this with Francis over here?
Who?
Yeah, exactly. You know, something, your, your life is too limited, man.
You got to expand your horizon.
Of course, if you had the money to bet on horses, it would be different story, which you don't.
They pay a decent wage.
I picked Barbara Oaches for fun.
Yeah, well, Barbara's got a hell of a shot. Barbara was a good horse.
I did. That's good.
And Josh said he doesn't know. He picks his nose.
I want to, uh, take a good name. Give me, give me a good name.
Sinister minister.
Yeah, that's what I asked.
That's good.
Sinister minister with a great, uh, trained by Bob Barrett.
That's one of the ones they picked and Victor Espinoza named after the Pope.
The sinister minister, they not see Pope.
Okay.
What, how was Dave knocking there?
He was ripping the hell out of somebody.
Who was it?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah. That was choice.
Nice going, Dave.
Always like that, Dave Johnson.
Always hated O.J. like Poison.
1115 already at Q.A.M. I think I can go home now.
Hey, if you love voting just about everybody in South Florida loves voting, most people
are a little bit nervous about buying a vote and with many good reasons.
If you ever thought about buying a vote, you better stop and call our friends at
Club Notico instead at 1-800-Bolt-Rent right now because it makes a lot more sense to
rent because all the way around you wind up winning.
Why pay the expenses of owning a vote when you can rent one totally hassle-free?
Uh, join the club, Club Notico.
Call 1-800-Bolt-Rent.
You'll be amazed just how easy it is for you.
There are no docking costs to pay, no expensive upkeep, no insurance, and certainly no hurricane
preparation.
And when you rent a vote from Club Notico, it's totally stress-free and really affordable
too.
Call 1-800-Bolt-Rent.
No getting the vote ready.
Club Notico does it for you.
And no cleaning up either.
A Club Notico just tap on your vote and go when you done putting the docket off and leave.
It's that simple.
Club Notico call 1-800-Bolt-Rent from unlimited voting to pay as you go small votes to the
dock charters.
It's Club Notico.
Call 1-800-Bolt-Rent and let Club Notico tailor a plan to fit your needs in budget.
1-800-Bolt-Rent.
Call and let Club Notico get on the water today.
1-800-Bolt-Rent.
This is meal Roger.
This is 5.16 QAE.
It's Friday.
You bear still right.
Welcome to the journal round.
You're the worst in the world.
You're the worst in the world.
Welcome to the journal round.
I'm Mark Mayer.
Oh, spotty Joe's.
You lost the race to a complete unknown.
A group factory for your skin and bones.
Spotty Joe's.
Here, believe that you jumped in here.
Now I'm from spotty Joe's.
When you get in, when you put in here, all of us go.
Oh, you're not triple crowd.
Put all my money down.
Oh, I need to get here.
Spotty Joe.
1119-560.
Well, that's the only horse racing we got.
So I figured we'd be very timely, wouldn't it?
Indeed.
I kind of fit right in.
690 votes in there.
I think we may have a outside shot at 700.
I don't know.
We had some downtime on there and that kept us at hell.
We had some real issues with that website.
So as a result, we had like probably 40,000 people who wanted to vote on there couldn't do it.
OK, here's the facts that says, last and we'll get to those numbers here in a minute.
But I'm killing some really good time with this.
This is a good, at least teasing.
Is it milking it?
I'm milking it, man.
Talking about Oprah.
What a cow.
We got cow on our poll, right?
Yeah, cow is 18.
How now?
Brown cow.
Oh, that was bad.
That's not like a racial thing to me.
Last night, it says I listened to W2M for the Marlins game.
Oh, you were the one.
Well, somebody's got to.
My question is, the person who does the baseball game is at the same person as the hockey games for the Panthers.
It sure does sound like the same voice.
Thanks, KL or KC.
I wonder how Harry Casey's doing.
Dude, what?
Yeah, oh, we know what he's doing.
Well, I'm sure this person must be talking about Geltie and Roxy.
If they both have that same kind of Roxy-Roxie, certainly not Dave Ann Boring.
Because Dave, the one thing I will say about him, he's got a great voice.
He doesn't have that squeaky.
He's got a great...
He doesn't have any idea how to use it and somebody needs to give him some wake-up call.
But he's got a great voice.
Even Josh would agree with that.
Definitely.
Yeah.
Just has no clue how to broadcast a sporting event, too boring.
But Geltie and Roxy are like going to the same...
I think it's the same person.
Now, what does Roxy look like?
Does he look at all like Geltie, you know, with that beak?
No, he actually...
He really looks like a young kid.
Well, what does that mean?
He looks like he sounds like it.
You know, a young kid, generally, maybe his one nut didn't drop yet.
He looks very young.
If you hit on, you would think he's like my age.
Oh.
In some other words, you're trying to say he's not a bad-looking guy.
I don't know how you got that from what I just said, but hey.
Oh, man.
You are so easy.
It's not even a challenge.
You know, it's just very sad.
Well, you were the one that said it, not me.
But I don't know what that really looks like.
No, do I care when you come right down to it?
Because I'm never going to see him anyway.
I'm never going to see any of you guys again.
You know, when we have our last show, it's not going to be like he's going to be a big reunion.
We're all going to meet, you know, for a night.
So, you know, we've got your picture here in the city.
You've got the picture, and quite frankly, I look better now than I did in that picture.
I've got better glasses, and I've got the nice short-do, you know.
So, your picture's in that new times article.
What was that?
With the buzz.
Oh, really?
In fact, I might actually cut my hair on the ear, although I don't think I needed it too nice to go.
I'm about like every three days.
Keep it nice and short and comfortable.
Especially now, it's getting above five degrees outside.
Today's sound a little bit negative, and in the fact that I told him I was in Toronto, he didn't seem like, uh, yeah.
I don't know what that was all about, because he's already admitted that he did some races it would buy 100 years ago.
Yeah, it's 58 already.
It's going to be about 66 today.
It's not too bad.
I'll settle for that.
Yesterday was 73, man. It was toasty.
See, if I never got, if I never get what it does, in the summertime, I'll admit that when it gets like in July and August,
we have some days where it's like in the 80s and maybe close to 90 and it's smoggy.
That's the one thing you get in industrial or, you know, in large cities up north, that when it's real hot in the summer, like in Chicago,
gets that smoggy, hazy, foggy kind of thing.
I mean, pretty big.
And the air quality is in the minus column, stuff like that.
WQAM, hello.
Joy's picked first.
Okay. Why are you saying?
That's a good one for you.
I wonder what he looks like.
Now, have you seen that?
You said you've seen that.
Yeah.
We have a picture of it.
You do?
Yeah.
The white picture.
You have a picture of it.
The photo of it makes that dorky looking tub with food on his shirt.
Yeah.
Oh, no.
That sounded a little, if I didn't know better, I think you were talking about Fat Rich.
Rest in peace.
One thing about Fat Rich, man, you always knew what he had for dinner or lunch because he always wore it.
You know, the expression about wearing it on your sleeve.
He always wore it on the front of his shirt.
Just to get the people to wear his menu.
I remember the time we did that appearance of that cigar.
No, actually, we're going to dinner.
I believe it was that place where Geltie was doing the spots, which is why they're out of business now.
That's the rest of the steakhouse cigar.
I remember when the cigar rooms were very big and all the steakhouse right.
It was up in Pomona.
I think you were there in Zolten and his wife.
Mm-hmm.
Remember?
Yep.
And I think that was the one.
Maybe not because I don't recall Fat Rich being at that one.
But it was somewhere we were going from a sponsored deal for a meal.
And I walked in and he'd gotten there early, of course, to jump into the food before anybody got a hold of it.
And he had half of his meal all over the front of his shirt.
So he went in the tea room to try to wash it off.
And it came out and looked like he had just taken a shower with his clothes on.
I mean, he just doused that, sure, that big, those big guia verus used to wear.
Yeah.
Always tucked out, you know, because he weighed 800%.
Those are very forgiving those shirts, yeah.
That is correct.
Great guy, but a little bit of a slob.
And just like me, great guy, but a big slob.
And that's fine.
I really don't care.
The fact that I don't wear socks is not particularly, you know, it just goes.
Especially in the wintertime.
Yeah.
No, it's just like, you know, it just doesn't look right.
You know, I mean, you know, maybe I should have my pants like cuffed, I mean, lengthened.
I like it.
So I'm dragging on the floor a little bit, cover up the fact that I'm not wearing any socks.
I can't wear socks because they're two-ton of my ankles.
And I get the indentations you know, I'm talking about cuts on your circulation.
Look at where those little footies are.
I'm not wearing footies on my feet, okay?
I'm not wearing footies.
I think today is today's footies last day.
Bye-bye footies, okay?
You turd.
You loser, you turd, okay?
You know, I mean, like Rick Shaw and I, we have a fun relationship.
And there's a lot of other people that work at other stations over the years.
But this guy, oh, you don't want to be like that Neil Rogers.
He's unprofessional.
Yeah, yeah.
You should be so unprofessional, okay?
You turd burger, you old troll that they're pushing out to put open an Anthony in there,
cornered the rumors.
And so Tom Dicker writes 15 columns about it, like I really care, okay?
Right, right a few more, Tom.
He's a legend in his own mind, footy.
Great.
What?
Rock casting the 12-year-olds with pimples, you know?
W-Q-A-M pimple line.
Hello.
Yeah, I was just applying for the two four slots.
Okay, you got it.
Okay.
You sound okay to me.
And you sound all right?
It's a little red now.
Keep it that's good and sound, Florida.
And at least you didn't have that sound.
Oh, man, that piercing sound.
Ooh, it's so shrill, it just goes right through here.
A little dab will do you.
A lot like that pull we did.
A little goes a long way.
Oh, I can think of a lot of things like that.
A little goes a long way.
By the way, I'm finding a $400 million loss against your especially in case you tune in late.
We found out we got the goods in that bits now.
We found out that she's intentionally doing everything to harm the show, to try to hurt the show.
That sounds to me like torsious interference.
And there are a whole bunch of legal, I don't know what it legal is.
Talk to your head normal about it, she'll tell you.
We'll make a whole bunch of stuff up.
That's right.
And plus we're going to make a bunch of stuff up and then let her disprove it, okay?
In fact, I hear that she squats on the radio between 10 and 2 every day.
And there really is an anxious gas just in the way of trying to poison the air.
And has a booty double.
Right.
In fact, you think Oprah was like out of control every night.
Oh boy, what a mist down there.
It was always a mist.
And you see me being pretty oblivious.
I guess when you're that fat, you're just not familiar with what's going on in other parts of your body.
Especially when they're talking with British accent.
27 past 11 and 5, 60 WQM would lighten the outgit all those numbers there after we've melted for an hour and a half already.
It's good, very good jazz work.
This is like the old days.
Milk at real, real tight.
With lightning quick speeds, the latest features and security, Comcast, High Speed Internet leaves DSL in the dust.
Dust in the wind.
And today you can get on board for just 9.95 a month for two months.
With an always on connection speed of 6 megabytes, Comcast, High Speed Internet is up to four times faster than DSL15, up to 100 times faster than dial up.
With your downloading music, watching streaming video, playing online games, just surfing your favorite sites.
Comcast reliable, fast connection like I said means you'll be flying through the internet with the greatest of ease.
Plus when you set up for Comcast, High Speed Internet, you get instant access to features like the fan and video mail.
Comcast radio plus and up to 7 personal email accounts just to name a few of them.
Not only that, but you also get macafee security tools included, so you can be assured that your internet experience is always safe and secure.
So what you'll be waiting for is start doing a hell of a lot more, a lot faster than you ever could be for.
Sign up for Comcast, High Speed Internet today for just 9.95 a month for two months.
You wonder how many of your mans without it.
Indeed, call 305 Comcast. They'll give you all the details or in Broward.
954 Comcast.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69 AF.
Please talk radio. I've heard my live with NW Audi.
My name is Oze. I know Spanish is my hometown.
Ola, I've been...
...to be...
I play...
...spackas...
...rice...
...and the boomer...
...rice...
...I've heard...
...in my yard...
...I've been living for three hundred years.
And I've brought to the place...
...takes all the day to be for.
I have moved to...
...a new home...
...to put on base in the woods in the air.
I climbed the walls and I...
...want to meet a bullie here, who knows how to do it.
I've strayed against my ginkala...
...and we start over to the village.
I have moved to Snellype and three hundred miles.
Thank you, but...
It's 11.33.
The ending is, as usual, in his best, the ending is by far the best.
720 votes on the pool.
I think we got a shot at 800, don't you?
We can do it.
We can do 1000.
I'll take a one thing.
If we can do 1000, we can get something done on that two-to-forced line.
Here's the deal.
Here are these numbers.
I know we'd probably get when the ratings come out...
...get over the top, etc.
But you know what, too bad.
A lot of people in the business...
...because their management won't tell them what really happened.
So they depend on me.
You know?
Lean on me.
Like Bill Whitters would say.
And who I feel the way.
Although I say my shoulder and my neck feel fine...
...after that title and all the shoulder and neck...
...and whatever crap, old people's pills.
And the effect also is worn off.
You know, like that OPP, old people's pills.
Yeah, old people's pills.
When you get to being old people...
...may be starting popping a lot of pills.
That's over his head.
And he got off with a slap on the wrist.
How about some oxies?
You think that would help?
You can only try.
Although I recommend taking the one.
I recommend taking the one.
You listen to me.
Richard Coddy played by Zimian and their godfather.
Maybe that's what they named those after.
Oxie Coddy.
He was good actor Richard Coddy.
He played in some...
...was he in co-votis or one of those Roman...
...imperor kind of movies.
Richard Coddy.
Google him.
CONTE.
Way, way back when.
He was very good.
He played Luigi Vazini.
Anyway, here's the graph.
WQM, N25 to 54.
They win a rating book that's January, February and March.
An arrow, February and March is all.
And WQM, this goes through the entire day, hour by hour.
And that would take a lot of time to do it.
And that's why I'm going to do it.
And also we got to wax you numbers across the street
for these sports losers.
Why, Joel, find Bergano.
You may talk a good game.
You may try to wrink holes in red cortex's blog and a hero.
Like I've said to you all along, you can't talk you way
into meaningful numbers.
Your numbers suck.
That's what they mean.
They suck.
Our sports numbers also suck, which I think basically,
like I've been predicting for quite some time this whole sports talk thing.
How many points did Jack have last night, John?
530, man.
That's right. You know?
I mean, how many times can you say?
530.
And then try to pretend you care about something that you don't.
You know what I'm talking about?
Like tomorrow, there'll be all these people that'll be whipped up about the Kentucky Derby.
Even George has picked and George have both picked a winner now.
For ordinary, if we were talking about horse racing,
man, they'd be in a coma already.
Well, you don't really talk about horse racing.
That's just a shot.
That's just a shot.
I'm equally disinterested in all of it.
Oh, man.
Oh, my God.
Louis, Louis, uh, Pallucci, where are we when we need you?
Louis Pallucci.
WDQI, midnight to 1 o'clock in the morning, we got a...
Oh!
In everything, we got a...
How many people listening average quarter hour?
No. How wide average you share?
O-point.
O-point.
From midnight to 1.
Nobody.
Nobody seen.
Nobody knows the trouble we've seen.
Now, I don't want to go down.
Like, overnight.
It's mean nothing anyway, you know?
I mean, only in Somniac, you're up at most of them are the age of 100.
This is our disarriable demo, man.
25 to 54.
A lot of us thinking to myself, men, 18 to 24 is an even more disarriable demographic,
but that's just a personal thing.
Mornings.
Here we go.
You ready?
Strap yourselves in, boys and girls.
Now, 5 to 6 a.m. the big O rock solid throws in a big number.
There's got a 5-7 deep, so it's only got a 2-9.
Like, double.
I mean, it's still suck.
And that 5-7 is the only...
Outside of this show, it's the only number above a four the entire day on this station.
Across the street, the losers don't have a number above a three all day.
And, men, this is their target demographic.
And, very right, but I beat, but I'm open.
The stupigats said this and Joe Bell said that, yeah.
Barry, you wouldn't know a rating book if somebody...
If somebody stuck your salami in the peanut butter sandwich in the middle of it,
and glued it together.
I say somebody stick the peanut butter on the toilet seat for Barry.
Then, who really wonder what he's sitting on?
Okay, anyway, Q-I-M morning, 6 to 7 a.m., that's still the big O.
That's the big O.
2.4 share.
Now, for those of the uninitiated, well, what is that?
Is that a good number?
No, it sucks.
That's bad.
And I'll send you right now the moment I don't think he ever in the morning show,
and Joe Rose on the station.
Now, and the old worst team, they weren't doing numbers like these.
Ever.
Don't ever take sides against the family again.
Ever.
2.4, and then across the street, he got a 1.2.
Now, what time is Joe on?
Is he due to 7 to 10?
Yeah.
Okay.
Now, at 7 o'clock, the Humper holds the same 2.4,
but, in fact, that's his biggest number.
So, we can think...
Rock, solid.
I guess for the big lead-in.
At 7 o'clock, Joe Rose comes on and goes through a 1.8.
Across the street.
8 o'clock, Hank goes down to a 2.1,
and he's tied with a little dog with a 2.1.
Although, Hank has 100 more people out of his 1.4 hour, so it's tight.
9 o'clock, oh my god.
Most of them are like one of the most dangerous hours of the day is the...
Yeah.
9 to 10 a.m.
Hank drops to a 1.6, and the little dog drops to a 1.5.
Oh, my god.
You put the numbers together and they still suck.
Mm-hmm.
Then at 10 o'clock, keeping in mind that Hank had a 1.6 year at 9,
we start with a 6.1.
6.1.
Oh my god.
From a 1.6, same number is just in different order, you know?
That's more point in different place.
So, even though we're only number 3 in men in this book,
which is the lowest we've been in, I don't know, what about 100 years,
you still have to take some solace from the fact that when we're surrounded by...
...objects failure, I mean, just unbelievable.
And your idea of my stopping across over with Hank on Monday is a bad idea,
because then it's going to look to like everybody, like I'm trying to like...
...get a scab off my back, you know?
A big fat scab.
Josh, can you believe that he was suggesting that?
I can't believe it.
Well, I don't want to, you know, because I love Hank.
Personally, he's a good friend and a good guy, and, you know,
I wish him nothing but the best, and I wish I...
But they won't listen to me, you know?
First of all, he didn't belong on the morning in the first place.
That's not his bag.
And number two, they keep putting all the same...
...dreck on there that they had in the afternoon,
because they don't understand the difference between afternoon drive and morning drive.
They don't understand morning drive in this radio station.
They don't get it.
They do not get it.
Anyway, so we got a 6-1 at 10.
Crossed the street, they got a 2-4.
And 11 o'clock, we got a 6-6.
They got a 2-8, which is their biggest...
...one of their biggest hours of the day at 11 o'clock.
It must be the...
Oh, man, it must be the hour that the juice really goes nuts.
And who else is on with him?
Yes, he'll be.
No, I'm asking Josh.
Who's on with O'Jay McDuffey on there?
Siddiquid, Siddiquid, on with him, or is he on after him?
I believe he's on with him.
Oh, really? Siddiquid?
Well, I must be yet.
2-4 and a 2-8.
We got a 6-6.
At noon, we got a 5-6.
They grabbed way down to 1.5-year.
At 1 o'clock, we got a 5-point.
Oh!
And they got a 1-1.
Those are more like numbers than they have to noon.
And here we go.
The 2-4 hours, I bet you.
Everybody in this audience is cranked their radio up as loud as it'll go.
And probably twisted the knob around like double.
You know what I mean?
Maybe even beyond where it stops.
Yeah, turn it to 11.
Yeah, but we got to do the break first.
This is Neil Rogers.
Oh, my God.
This is 5-6-2-8.
Recently, thousands of immigrants have taken to the streets.
We think that's wrong.
We're up you, the United Protesters Union.
Up you represents the millions of trained, qualified, American protesters who are losing
their jobs to illegal demonstrators willing to march for a fraction of the cost.
These immigrants carry poorly crafted banners and signs with slogans that aren't even written in English.
This nation was built on the backs of complaining Americans and the United Protesters Union believes it should stay that way.
Every time an illegal alien marches in the protest line, an American marches to the unemployment line.
Please join up you and give these foreigners off our streets and back to taking some other Americans job.
There you go.
Yeah, I don't understand if you're like a slipper and you just haven't got two nickels to rub together.
I have time to be taking days off from work.
I mean, we can't afford to be taking days off from work.
No.
We're going to work with like 24-7 just because we've got a meager income here, you know?
In addition to which, who wants a bunch of Pudgy Mexicans running around?
Yeah, I'll go pick some grapes in Mexico and get away from us.
Yeah, they're a real good look at it.
They probably wouldn't be such a big problem.
If they were good looking, man, I'd be out there marching with them.
700, well, they're not.
Did you see any good looking people in that crowd?
May a female or the third sex?
No. I didn't see any.
Yeah.
738 votes on the pool.
I think we got a shot.
If we get closer toward 800 by the top of the star, we got...
But today's going to be a real test.
This is going to be the real test of our greatness of our mediocrity and this.
Okay, here's the two to four hours that you've been waiting for.
Oh, man!
Woo!
Nice going, Joe!
That can't be the same Joe Bellas, but who can't do any worse than the Mosin that...
Who's going to have another one here?
That's what Joe Bell said.
Those are the clowns.
Guess what?
We did.
Guess what, Joe?
Guess when you thought they couldn't get any worse?
It did.
2 o'clock, WQAM, a 0.9 across the street to a clock I got a 1.5.
Almost double what we got.
That's the booster.
3 o'clock, they got a 1.2.
We have a 3 o'clock at the afternoon in the middle of the day when people are awake,
when people are in their cars, when our signal is almost audible in some parts of town.
If you have the window open and blown in the right direction, at 3 and the afternoon, 3 to 4, preceding the mad dog,
how would you like to follow a 0.5, 0.5 at 3 o'clock?
Wow.
You combine those two hours and we've got a 0.7.
Yeah, that would make me cry.
If I were on those hours, I'd be crying like crazy.
The revolving door ain't working no more.
It never did in the first place, okay?
And the number is dropping like a bowling ball, he from the top of the serious tower.
I can't believe Dave said, serious and robust.
That was bad.
When I said Brian's serious.
I guess he couldn't resist it.
In fact, the serious on the Eaton Center where it has the big signs of serious that used to be Eaton's departments from OutSeries.
Two summers ago, somebody crossed out on the sign and said, Sars Center, that was bad.
That's funny.
And it was not funny and it was not a good idea.
And they killed him, I think.
Anyway, four in the afternoon, we got the mad dog comes on and goes from a 0.5 to a 2.9.
It's a pretty good increase, but 2.9 for the mad dog.
Well, that's not easy following transmit or maintenance.
Cross the street, they hardly tell.
Now what time is Levaster done, Josh? See, on 4?
4 to 7.
So what's on the tree?
He's still the booster?
Yeah, he goes, well, he goes till 3, I believe.
And what's on 3 to 4?
I have no idea.
Oh, come on, Davey, he goes to 4.
I don't know their exact schedule.
You guys are so out of the loop, man.
You're out of the fruit loop.
3 to 4, whatever it is, it sucks because they got a 1, 2.
And we got a, no, I'm sorry.
4 to 8, no, I'm doing this wrong.
4 to 7.
You got Danny Boyle, Levaster against the mad dog.
No contest.
4 o'clock, we got a 2.9, they got a 1, 3.
5 o'clock, we got a 3.8, that's our biggest hour outside of the show.
And they got a 2.3.
3.8 to a 2.3.
And at 6 o'clock, just barely edging them out.
2.5 to a 2.3.
But Danny Levaster, boy, he's got three sucky hours there.
1, 3, 2, 3, and a 2.3.
And those suck forgot, oh, he's so entertaining.
And he's so, you know, he's young, and he's hip, and he's cool.
Cool as an elephant's fart, okay?
He's about as cool as Joyce's underbelly.
7 o'clock at night.
Oh, these numbers we got.
Now, they got a night 7 o'clock at night.
They got a 1, 7, a 2.8, a 2.7, a 2.2, and then an 0.5.
Our 7 o'clock at night, we got, all our numbers except one star with it.
Oh, man.
7 panthers.
We love the panthers.
So even as much as the Marlon numbers suck, they're going to be a big increase in there
in the spring book, which by the way, Boog is 1 to 4.
I thought he was 1 to 3.
Well, 3 to 4, he's doing a 1 to.
Well, there you go.
Nothing great, but we got a 0.5.
So what's the, who the hell are we to talk about it?
So basically, Boog is sucking window with it, but at least he beats the revolving door
2 to 4, which is a horrendous idea.
It's unacceptable.
It's unprofessional.
It's embarrassing.
It's humiliating and degrading.
But in that article with Barry, and I wait a minute, I think I skipped that.
Let me go back to that again.
How can I skip that?
Yeah.
The downside for 790 is that having dolphins rights did not give the station a significant carryover
affecting in 2006, and they still suck in the fall book, too, by the way, Barry.
Bell, that's Clara Bell, said W2M2 to 4PM Slug will be filled shortly.
That moving managed back to 2 is one possibility, because Jim has demonstrated a real ability
to hold Roger's audience.
I'd like him to be on 2 to 7PM.
I don't think he'd agree with that, I say Joe, go ahead.
And that says we thought there would be a blizzard in South Florida before the day came that
Mande started having guests, and then he's going to have a leak or so on.
Well, say, it might have a few of them on, but not.
He's definitely not going to have arrow windbag on, I hope.
The day that Mande dog has arrow windbag on, it'll be the day he loses my allegiance.
He won't do it.
So there they are.
Read them in a week, baby.
Did I mention our nighttime?
Seven to midnight, zero point six, one point three at eight o'clock, a zero point nine, zero point seven, and zero point three.
So from 11 to one at night to one in the morning, we got a point three at a zero.
Oh my God, I just want to kill somebody.
Don't you?
Well, somebody.
Couple of my name, Joyce comes to mind.
Yeah, I've got a $50 trillion lawsuit.
I'm following the four o'clock this afternoon against her and corded Naples, and also having a hitman.
I'd be real, real cautious next time I started my car, Joyce.
Yeah, it's not a threat.
It's just I'm just thinking out loud, you know, out loud.
I'd be real, real nervous every time I got that car, I kind of like keep one leg dangling outside the door.
756 votes on our very, very intellectual pool today.
What one word is the worst thing you can call somebody, but we're not allowing any Joyce words like Minge.
A hole 141, powered 113, Fag 87, Republican 81, slut 57, Joyce, slut.
Retarded 46, Joyce.
Moron, 30. Morons got 30.
But 30, man.
Joyce.
Hip-Head 28, bitch 28, Joyce.
Schmuck 23, cow 19.
I don't know if she's fat.
Cheapskate 19, pig 18, pansy, and then I go on Eric very straight.
He turned the Z into an S.
It's like that, pansy 13.
Puts 12, tub 11, troll 11.
What's wrong with troll, man? What's wrong with being a Mirriol troll?
Well, even old King Cole was a Mirriol troll, wasn't he?
Yeah.
Who used to learn music by net King troll?
Four or 10, grossed four, slav three, and geeks only got one.
Yeah, geeks, okay.
I mean, if you're a geek, you probably know you're a geek.
Would I agree with that?
Sure.
Like they were talking about yesterday.
If way worse things to be.
Huh?
Way worse things to be.
Yeah, like all the other ones in our lives, evidently.
So there are your, you know, what they do with these other things here.
The coast in midday has got a 7.4 share, unprecedented in history.
In fact, you know, the interesting part of it in the morning, they obviously got some
wire diaries all along this in the morning.
They're all of a sudden tied for sixth with a 4.3.
But for some strange reason, they got this huge goose in midday is the coast, WFLC with
a 7.4 share.
Does any of the, oh, and they didn't even see this two to four.
They got a 6.9, their number one.
And then after the drive, they take a little die.
They go number four.
So they got nothing but wire diaries over there in the coast because nobody listed the coast,
nobody except in offices, you know.
Maybe they put all the diaries with people who are working like Dennis or offices, you think?
I thought it was a good thing.
We got going for us is that we had the guy called yesterday.
It's got, what do you say?
He's got a family of 87 illegal aliens here.
They all got diaries in Iraq and April.
Maybe we could make a little bounce back in April with his help, with his assistance.
We could only hope.
I'll sacrifice a chick.
Come again, send me a, he emailed me a picture of Roxy Bernstein, who looks extremely Jewish and
extremely ugly and I emailed that back to McGon.
Right.
Great Jewish.
Bernstein, pretty sure.
That's it.
You know, you just, I think too much time in Brandon, affected your brain.
Well, I'd like to, there was a doubt that he was Jewish with the name like,
Roxy Bernstein.
I just saw a picture of him.
I don't really know my Jewish names.
Like an old, you know, like me, doesn't know my Jewish names.
Bernstein.
We were just talking about Stan Bergstein and I bet your Stan is Jewish too.
Like he and Spencer Ross had during the George Levy Memorial Pace and they were eating
humontovs and was right at forum time and Stan said, you don't have to be Jewish to enjoy the
Levy and they both cracked up and it just almost lost it.
It was good.
It was a great moment.
Great racing moment at the Roosevelt Raceway.
Now here's a little piece of trivia for you.
When I lived in Pembroke Lakes, you know, the corner of Taft and Haidus there?
Do it well.
It's where I used to live and they got the tennis court there in a whole deal.
Right.
That's pretty good.
My landlord in my apartment, I had a nice two level, I wasn't a townhouse, but it was a nice place.
And my landlord, the family owned the property that Roosevelt Raceway was on.
So they were obviously had a few bucks.
And then of course they tore the track down and built like condominiums there.
Or I think condos.
Isn't that interesting, Natribia?
Okay.
I mean, not in real interesting, but like mildly, you know, something you didn't know before.
Right.
Any hearted racing, but I'll take it.
No, right after Roosevelt Raceway was harness racing only.
Oh, it was a beautiful place.
They used to have a, in the infield, they had a separate tote board for each horse.
In other words, each number one to had a, its own tote board.
And which, you would be minimum and maximum that the horse would pay to a place and show before the ride.
It is really an exactly what it would pay to win.
It was a, and of course, you know, he used to call a race that Roosevelt Raceway.
The, who?
Jackie Lee.
Oh.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Narotic Jackie Lee.
Remember, he was sending me those postcards.
That was the first back to IOD.
No, I had the displeasure of meeting Jackie Lee at Pompo-no Park a couple of times.
I think he called her the heir was to.
Did he really have to defend himself?
He, he was the Mohawar David of a race calling.
They make no mistake about it.
Same, same person only with glasses.
Big Elton John like class.
Jackie Lee.
And he wanted me to help him get the job at Pompo-no-Corn races.
And I said, no way, go away, no way.
He really bugged me.
He was there.
I think we got some word to describe him on that pole that they were taking.
I don't want to say which one.
I think it's toward the top.
A 10 year old Carl Spring's hero will not be allowed to sing a controversial president bush-bashing
ballad at their high school talent show after her principal deemed it inappropriate and
too political.
I think my maid.
Oh, now I can see something.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Yeah, I don't understand.
It's just like my mother.
Why is it that people come into your home and they move things around?
You know, in other words, I have stuff where I want it.
There's many reason why she had to move this damn lamp.
Hey, I'm safer than you.
I'm like to go and blind here.
I can't see it in an hour.
I realize the lamp was over like off on the side there.
Well, what do you know about Perditura, Amy?
Yeah, that's true.
The song, Dear Mr. President, performed in Co-written by the singer Pink, criticizes the
president for the war in Iraq and other policies, including his stance on gay rights.
Parent Nancy Schuyl says her daughter Molly should be lauded for choosing the risk that
her full substance rather than pop music fluff.
He said the principal's band sends a bad message and violates her daughter's right to free
speech.
Just like Zoe Zazza, we ought to send somebody a message.
If this was a student sent it's driven by Wally Hennessey by them.
Joey Zazza.
Right.
There's a horse named Joey Zazza, okay?
I hate to break the news, dear.
Pretty good one, too, as a matter of fact.
Driven by your good buddy, hey Wally, how's it going, eh?
If this was a student sending a pro administration, so nobody would cripple with it, Schuyl said,
the principal's just running a scare and just wanted to upset any parents.
She has got her thumb right on him, man.
Right.
The principal of Park Springs Elementary, Camille Pantillo, could not be reached for comment yesterday
in an email provided by the mother.
Pantillo explained that the song Mollie chose to sing as a political song and does use the word hell in it.
Oh, oh, oh.
I wonder how Betsy Joyce knows this broad.
A Broward County school district official said the principal has everybody to determine what music or students should hear at a school function.
A function at your junction.
This is a fifth grade student that lots of performance songfield were lyrics about drug use, war, abortion, gay rights, and profanity said this is a special when they deem drew.
This is an elementary school that includes kindergarteners and pre-k students.
The song does not mention abortion and the profanity mentioned is the word hell.
The drug used to refer to the Bush's alleged conduct before it became president.
Some of the lyrics are, what kind of father would take his own daughter's rights away?
What kind of father might hate his own daughter if she were gay?
I can only imagine what the first lady has to say.
You've come a long way from whiskey and cocaine.
Another portion criticizes Bush for the war.
How do you sleep while the rest of us cry?
How do you dream when the mother has no chance to say goodbye?
I think she ought to get a, this is a 10-year-old girl.
This is the original version.
Oh, here it is.
Oh, that's pink?
Yeah, that is pink.
You've seen it then, huh?
I've seen a few in guesswork, most of them were pink but...
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516-Q.
This is Dick Cheney.
I like to relax by having very mangle and massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12-hour movie.
Absolutely.
Campily, full of language I hear home, key ring.
Every home of word is an obscenity.
In Houston, Peter's cable was a horror verse.
But now the networks let their actors turn.
Oh, my God.
There's a wedding site to this conspiracy.
All the dialogue can take for pleasure to.
Swearin' like a tailor on a three-day pass.
Words all are words that ask.
Sack them.
F-bomb, F-bomb, call with a thing.
If only drop the F-bomb on a word TV.
F-bomb, F-bomb, there's no telling where.
The drop one on a U-P-L.
Rectum, tell.
It's Dan, they're killin' them.
1202-560, speaking about the F-bomb.
This atrocity.
Yeah, and then there's an atrocity right there.
Every time I see him, I say a few F-bomb.
Anyway, just one final thought on these ratings.
Yeah.
In the morning, 5-7-a-am in men in our target, Dan.
What were number 12?
5-7.
7-10-a-am were number 18.
7-10-a-am.
The Humper.
Number 18.
Number 18.
That was...
Oh.
10-2 were number 3.
2-4 were number 28.
Out of 30 four stations listed were number 28 between 2 and 4.
Nice go and jowl, baby.
You came in here, man, like a...
Like a whirling dervish, like a pile of elephant manure.
4-7 were number 15.
Make a little bit of a recovery there, 15.
So 12, 18, 28, and 15 were number 3.
I'll take it, you know?
Yeah, we'll take it.
I mean, we'll be nice to everybody doing real well,
because then we get some extra bonus money, so it's not like an ego trip.
Now, we need to find out from the audience about that crossover attempt.
We've taken a poll on that, but of course they just...
They just kissed ass when they get on the poll, you know?
Right.
We need for them to analyze whether we should continue with that or take Georgia's advice and get rid of it.
Or it started at 10 till it ended at 10.
They're not going to start at 10 till because their last break is always late,
because they got those important phoneers.
I will win back.
No, and with...
Huh?
The breaks can be whatever they want them to be.
Not on that show.
On this show, yes. On that show, no.
On this show, we ended two o'clock.
You could set the atomic clock by when my last bit ends and we'll be saying,
bye, bye, bye.
Am I right?
Yeah.
You can see the second hand coming up to the top of the hour.
Maybe we leave them maybe five seconds to drop in something like...
You're fair.
Or something like that, right?
Something cute, like...
I can tell that.
Those guys can tell time.
Yeah, we can tell time on this show.
But the morning show, they always...
In fact, back in the old days, when the worst team was on, they almost never got on time.
And then somebody and Robert would come around and say,
oh, they're going to be two minutes over to have a long interview.
Yeah, the interview goes as long as the amount of time you've got.
That's the way it works on a real radio station and a real radio show, you know?
No, I don't understand that concept.
Unless you're how it's spurred when you go on till midnight, you know?
Because your ego isn't fluffed up enough yet.
And because they don't have their $250 million worth yet.
I don't know about that.
Thousand votes on the poll.
If we don't get it, I might not come back Monday.
I'll say that.
I might just lay out as a way of protest.
Of course, I got a lot of legal work to do.
My $45 billion lawsuit against Joyce.
We got the $783.
Well, that's close to $800.
But before we...
We need to get way...
We need to get like $850 by...
No, $900.
Five-one o'clock.
Don't we?
Or I'll be on the safe side?
Come on now.
I need a little oral assistance here.
I'm sorry.
We'll get any help there.
$783.
Need a little enthusiastic support on that.
Okay, to cross over or to cross-dress.
That's our Any-or-Pull today.
Find your thoughts.
Five-six-seven.
Of course, we do have some people that have a tutu.
So it's being a cross-dress.
What kind of a name is that for a dog?
Oh, Dr. Bishop Desmond Tutu.
He always just impressed me as kind of a silly guy.
Yes, he is.
I like that outfit he wears.
He wears purple robes.
He reminds me of a dark-complicated Reverend Schuhler there
from the Crystal Cathedral.
You know, Reverend Schuhler.
Oh, yeah.
Five-six-seven.
Oh, five-six-tee.
Pound five-six-tee on the Verizon and Singular wireless lines.
We got Guilty of Two.
Mad Dog from the Quarter Deck and Sunrise of Four.
And then the Marlon Crab.
I mean, the Marlon's the Cardinals.
See, why do we have to have a pre-game show?
Is that part of the package?
Is that on the affiliates?
Carry the pre-game show, Josh?
What do you mean?
The other stations on the Marlon radio network?
Do they carry the pre-game show?
I don't know.
Well, that would be something interesting to find out.
Because I think we need the pre-game show, like we need hemorrhoids.
Although, probably the reason we do that is because it's half-hour
they can stick some more spots in there to try to de-free all the money we're losing
on the Marlon's broadcast.
Right.
Because there are many sponsors in the pre-game show.
Right.
So, like I said, we're sure not going to drop that on.
Because we've got to get back some of that zillions of dollars we're losing.
Although we're not losing nearly as much on that as they are across the street on the dolphin thing.
Oh, man, they lost three and a half million dollars on the first year of broadcasting the dolphin.
So, that's a point they're very own internal of people saying that.
But I'm very good at theory.
The same of theory, by the way, told me that Joyce is trying to sandbag this show.
Bitch.
WDQ-AM, hello.
Deal.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Keep the crossover and F-Joyce that cross-tracing bitch.
Okay, very well said.
Touched all the bases there, man.
So, home run.
Inside the park, but nevertheless.
56670560, pound 560, leave a residence singular wireless line.
WDQ-AM crossover line.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
This is Storley-Saza.
WDQ-AM, hello.
You have a picture of me?
Yeah, we got a picture, yeah.
It looks like a craft.
Looks like somebody left a mess behind.
Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
Brazil.
Yeah.
Yeah, I listen.
I'd like to celebrate the fifth of May by singing the Mexican anthem after another.
Well, go ahead.
Oh, and by the way, speaking of that, I think a lot of us people would have been p-Oed about that whole thing in Spanish.
If they would have kept the lyrics the same.
It wasn't just the fact that they were singing the national anthem in Spanish, but they changed the lyrics.
They just kind of like made up their own...
To say one.
Mexicans are great.
Every one you've heard would.
Vivo, taco, Vivo, Lataka, and take a good taco.
I don't know what they were saying.
I don't know what it was.
But they changed the lyrics all around.
It's not even the same song in any language.
So, I think that's what I look quite frankly.
Most of the people are worried about stuff like that are just a bunch of bigots anyway.
Sing it in English.
There is no...
This should be our biggest problem.
Do like they do in Montreal maybe.
Sing that Oh Canada in half in French and half in English and piss everybody off.
Wee wee.
Yeah, wee.
Wee frog.
70 Q.A.M., hello.
Hey, Neato.
Yes, I rub the cross over.
Definitely keep the cross over.
Okay.
And call me a staff, but I...
I need to have a hard sounds back.
I miss it when you used to do heavy duty.
Heavy duty.
I may be doing that, but you're not going to hear it.
Listen, I got that one bit.
In fact, I wish...
See, I can't play it.
Hey there.
If you're suffering from autism as a judge or bound up from too much gay or death,
there's a new product that is right up your a-hole.
If they naturally have that opinion, you're a pipe like nobody's business.
Yeah, mixlax.
And if you listen to this guy,
if this guy just farting sounds, then it's got like hippo fart, like Hankwood fart, you know.
I would that be well loud.
In fact, you have to listen to it on...
Listen to it turn off your mic and listen to it on the cue.
Next, lax.
Yeah, yeah.
And come back and let us know when you're through.
No, no, I...
I'm serious.
You can't turn it off.
Turn off your microphone.
What?
You know, seriously, I'm giving Josh authority right now to shoot him.
And it gets to about 1215, just blow his brains out if he can find him.
He is just hard ass.
I told you, that's the only word to describe him.
He's just a hard ass, a little speak.
Speak.
Yeah, see his right.
You hear him?
You hear him?
Got me.
You hear him?
You know, he's going to open it at the wrong time and then you're going to have to dump it.
Okay.
Well, I got my hand on the button.
Yeah, I bet you do.
It's only like a 38 second bit or something.
And I can hear it.
I can hear it, you know.
Yeah.
That's the word.
Talk about a blast from the past.
Those are those sounds like when the air is letting out of a balloon.
Yeah.
That's all that.
I have a big balloon.
I don't want a big helium balloon like a jelly.
Talks through.
Wow.
Yeah, I'd love to play that.
And of course, we used to play that any all the time.
There's a spot for some drugstores.
I don't know if it's shoppers drugmar.
Whatever.
There's a TV spot here.
And they say, do you want to buy your prescriptions at the same place where you buy children's toys?
And they show a little doll on a point.
And the doll is a farting doll.
It is a fart sound.
And it'll be spotted.
They drugstores.
They don't have toys that make farting sounds.
Yeah, they make farting sounds.
They're a children's.
They're a little bit laggy.
But according to Joyce, who's trying to sabotage the show, I'm going to tell you right now that, and you may think I'm joking about that $4 trillion lawsuit.
Uh-huh.
But the stuff's going to hit the fan.
Look, nothing else makes sense either.
When you think like, because we've had this discussion about these words and how can anybody make such a rule?
Right.
What words the logic words the question is.
Basically, sandbagged this show to try to assure that we fail, to try to drive those numbers down.
And they're down, although they weren't really all that bad, especially compared to the rest of this joint.
But she's succeeding.
And I think she needs to be sued.
Either sued or fired at it or both.
And if I had an agent, Lord, the head of the ball's at all instead of just whining.
Well, Joyce, you know, instead of that, he would take some action about it.
He would make some, he would rattle his spear.
I've said he was an agent we need to get him.
That's Moe's.
Man, that guy, he didn't put up with any crap.
He then you got your ass fired as a matter of fact.
That's right.
Well, I'm serious.
He would have been a bad guy.
He sure as hell didn't, I mean, kept that all apart on the stuff.
He knew his stuff.
He knew his stuff.
Yeah, he knew his crap, man.
He knew how to get the rattle their cage real good.
12 minutes past note at 560 WQM, the once great voice, the voice.
You know the voice I'm talking about?
That's the voice.
And you'll be hearing it at 2 again.
The revolving dough, two to four, with fractions.
At 3 o'clock in the afternoon, a 0.5.
I looked at that and I said here in a chair and I started to make the same sounds you just
heard on that mixed life spit.
Oh, good God.
My stomach was rumbling and grumbling and my armpits were like flapping.
I just can't believe it.
How is it possible?
It's one thing to have nobody listening at midnight.
You know, if the diaries didn't fall in the right place and people would have been early, whoever they are.
But at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, to be doing a 0.5,
that's enough to make a grown man cry.
If you love voting, you ought to spend a ton of money and buy you a vote and then the headaches really start.
Here's the smart thing to do.
Cog club nautico instead.
And 1-800-Vote rent right now.
I pay the incredible expenses of owning a vote and boy, go through all the grief when you can rent one totally hassle free.
Join the club today, club nautico.
Call 1-800-Vote rent.
When we get the whole summer coming up, you might as well be out there enjoying the weather and having a great time.
But don't do it the stupid way by buying.
Call 1-800-Vote rent to be surprised just how easy it is.
No docking costs.
No expensive upkeep.
No insurance.
No hurricane preparation.
God forbid.
With the vote from club nautico, it's totally stress free and truly affordable.
Call 1-800-Vote rent.
No getting the vote ready.
Club nautico does it all for you.
No cleaning up either.
They take care of that as well.
A club nautico just hop on your vote.
Go have a great time.
And when you're done pulling the dock, get off and hop away.
It's that easy.
Club nautico, 1-800-Vote rent.
They take care of all the grief and the work and the stuff.
And you just have a great time.
From unlimited voting to pay as you go a small vote all the way up to Yacht Charters,
these the folks you want to talk to, club nautico.
Call 1-800-Vote rent with club nautico tailor a plan to fit your needs and your budget, whatever you need.
Get on the water today with our friends at Club nautico by calling Toolfree 1-800-Vote rent.
This is Neil Rogers.
You have this is 5.69 AF.
Why the hell you're still here?
We don't know what this can say.
Every other everyday voice.
We've had a pretty tiny room, a tiny room, a tiny room, a tiny room.
No matter how I was worried.
Because we every can't do anything to worry.
That's a loop.
Sure, make me worry.
Why the biggie's crying?
Walking at the corner, playing with the bell.
And she doesn't even play with the bell.
And never say it's out of radio.
Make a sure our vote is contract.
Never read it for you signs.
It says we reserve the ride and pay as little as we like.
Or you'll be on the unemployment line.
Sign on the line.
Everything will be fine.
Yeah, I think you'll win.
Why the biggie's crying?
Walking at the corner, playing with the bell.
And she doesn't even play with the bell.
Why the hell you don't even have the radio.
$630 per day to be fired at 4pm this afternoon in court in Naples, Florida against Joyce the bitch.
I just found out.
About 17 at 5.60 W.D. Kim.
So far we've had two calls.
Keep the crossover.
And the phone is dead as a door nail.
I expected that.
That's why I got a pretty good pile.
Excellent.
No, it's not excellent.
I don't want to go through all of that work.
That one we're following at 1.9.
What is the 1.9 or 1.6?
Whatever it was, it's easy to remember.
Because we got a 6.1 and it was a 1.6.
Just turn the numbers around.
I mean, we got numbers now, man.
I wouldn't wish on Osama Yamama.
I wouldn't wish him on the Bush family or Ann Coofer.
And that I think says it all.
$5.6705.60, $5.60, and we've arrived in a singular wireless line.
You know, we're trying to tap your brain, but of course a lot of people out there is.
The search goes on.
Oh, man.
The brain drain in South Florida.
It's a ugly thing.
So do you listen to that bit right?
Yes.
It just balloons the air being out of the way.
Is that what this is?
Yeah.
It balloons.
That's right.
I see.
Well, I want to burst your bubble, but don't play it.
No.
WDQYM, hello.
Heavy, booty.
Yeah.
Sounds like your air effects for T use, pal.
WDQYM, hello.
NEO, good afternoon, buddy.
Yes, sir.
Kind of grab a hold of the Yen video, but I could.
Just to let you in on what a somber day it was yesterday for America.
It's a region of Nikon like Pearl Woods.
And I think it's like that.
I think you're pardoned and I count like Earl Woods, like Tiger Woods daddy.
Yeah, and we love and to pop it up.
We're putting it in the morning to kind of leave.
Imagine how that day went.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm glad you got your priorities all straight now.
Miguel, by the way, we call him a little later on.
Maybe you guys can go to dinner at La Carreta.
5.6705.60, pound 5.60, and they've arrived in Singular, wireless.
I just don't have time for that crap in my life.
That's one of the many reasons I'm out there and refused to be.
I just have no time for such garbage.
5.6705.60, let's get these phones smoking, man.
We're trying to get like a little bit input from these bastards like
bruh, bruh, bruh, like that.
Like you have a sales department.
And I tell Chris he's a nice guy, but I'm tired of hearing about it.
This one's going to go in there.
Yeah.
Look, enough already.
Bringing whoever you're going to bring in.
Get your ducks in a row, which is a 400-tonner set at today.
And do something already.
Will you?
He keeps telling me, well, there's more coming in, but it'll be better.
But I'll go and just do it.
Make something happen.
Make it happen.
You know, the other guy, his big friend, the famous he let Mo go early,
January 13th, he was supposed to be around till March something.
Couple of months early.
Quite frankly, in retrospect, it was a bad move, you know.
At least we had, at least then we had Mo to kick around.
You know, now and how would we go?
Now we got...
A kick around a free bag.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Leo.
Yes, sir.
Hey, he's on all the heat.
The final is show up for work.
Can you play that, put the ball in the basket?
And I'll think about it.
Boring stuff.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Call up Geltie and see if he'll play it.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Leo, we got a couple of things.
This is a little mundane, but the young corporation owns KFC.
Pizza Hut, Taco Bell, Long John Silver's, and A&W.
Not owned by Pepsi anymore.
Why do you see them all springing up together?
We actually have A&W here.
I don't know if there's any in South Florida anymore, but we got a murder.
We're out and a lot of them are getting in with KFC and stuff.
They've kind of been rejuvenated.
But as far as the cost over,
I think struggle is a little bit mad.
I'd like to just go over and see the show and the good stuff.
And I could do without the 15 minutes of hate,
how long has it been worth?
Okay, thanks.
There's a guy that don't like the name dropping.
Okay, one thing to drop your pants is another thing to drop all those names.
I don't know.
It's not that I don't enjoy the crossover.
I just think it's counterproductive.
And George is screaming like a child that it's just very negative.
That our people want to know every day.
And I think you got a good point.
It's not my point.
I tune it out anyway, so it's got to, you know.
We don't care what you two.
You don't get any idea where you came, Mr. K.
That's the point I'm trying to make here.
George, don't get one. That's the bottom line.
Right. I don't care what you two listen to.
We're gonna get up to you.
Exactly.
It ain't me.
Maybe even though that's what you always say.
And it is you. Isn't that Henry Josh?
That's him.
70 QA.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
On the crossover, I think it's usually good.
And sometimes it's great.
And it's what turned me on to Hank in the first place.
And George is an idiot.
I mean, you know, when he got to see it.
Yeah, I would say to be picking on poor fat Hank.
You know, kicking guy when he's down when he's got crappy numbers.
You know, we still got, we still got, we still got, we still got, we still got, we're okay.
Yeah, so I listened to NPR in the morning.
But now I started listening to a little bit of Hank.
But if I hear George come on.
Sorry, I don't know for you.
Well, there you go.
Keep it up.
George says thank you so much.
Oh, sorry.
No, I'll be sorry.
You're in town of the opinion.
A lot of people hate George like poison.
Which is something horrible would happen to him.
Of course it will be.
Of course it already has.
We pick one.
Five, six, we got over 800 votes on the pool.
I think we got a little bit of a shot now.
I just, my, my ball is twitched.
I'm not sure what that means.
I sure hope not like yesterday morning.
Wow, that was.
That was a defining moment in my life.
Several moments.
833 votes.
Now what do you think?
What do we need by the top of the hour?
Nine something.
I think if we get to 900 by one o'clock,
I think there's a, uh, real, we got a good shot.
Remember Jimmy Johnson said we got a shot.
It's gonna happen to those teams, man.
Do they suck or what?
There's a guy, you know, like Wayne says, you know,
I don't want to be a guy.
This is one thing and all the other crap.
There's a guy to talk to big game and Chula was done.
And the game passed him by and blah, blah, blah.
And then they put him in there and he sucked win, man.
You really sucked, Jimmy.
Just get, go back down to the keys.
Get back on your big, expensive vote with some,
I'm sure he don't write that one.
I'm sure he owns it.
And just have a wonderful time.
And then go back there and those NFL things.
And, because I don't want to, there's anyway.
Hey, he hasn't got to pick the pair though.
How many guys does it take to do the pregame and halftime shows?
How many is it take?
3rd, man.
See, I just don't understand that.
You know what, you know what reminds me of it?
It's like the talking head shows on CNN, MSNBC.
Uh, well, my panel.
It's like a lorry king made my panel.
Oh, and that was another great thing.
I don't know South Park episode.
Not only Heraldo, but lorry king.
The punchback lorry with the suspenders.
And with the glasses.
Oh, that was a beautiful thing.
Uh-huh.
But it wasn't as funny as you said it was.
Now, I will say this, opposite that.
When you watch last days, which I spend a ton of money to send it to you,
when you watch last day, you'll say, oh, it is as bad as Neil said.
You'll say, oh, it's absolutely lives up to its billing.
Boy, I can't wait.
No, I'm serious.
You will watch it.
And when you get to the scene where they show the still shot of the front of that house
and through the window, and you can just barely see he's walking back and forth inside.
Who knows what, Ellie?
It makes no difference.
And the scene goes on.
And then there's a scene that the leaves blowing in the wind.
You know, it's just nothing happening.
It's just, and you want to blow your brain side.
Makes you relate to it.
First Corvane.
WDQIM.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon.
I actually thought George had a good idea, because I love the crossover.
You know, and I'm not, like maybe I'm 15 years younger than you guys combined.
Look for Snapper, right?
Oh, come on.
No, no, no.
I'm still in your demographic.
I'm sorry.
Thank God.
And actually, one's got a diary.
But the point is that if you started at 10 to 10, I know it's 10 minutes,
but you're in the studio, your own studio in Toronto.
Well, I'm here at 8.30 in the morning of your week.
Exactly.
So I think that George's point, you do the crossover 10 or 10, I'll tune in instead of listening to a week.
And that's right.
I think it's the one that needs the assistance of my big numbers here, my audience tuning in to the Humper.
Yes.
And in the ORLM, you know, remember the other day you played a tape from Orlando's show,
and who else knows what that was from?
I didn't bother to listen to it, you know, because you had to catch a plane.
I sounded knock on Hank.
I love him.
Yeah.
But it, well, it is.
You know, this is powerful.
Well, no, I mean, I love him too, but that doesn't mean he doesn't do things that sometimes piss me off.
Yeah, exactly.
Like putting dead air on for a 10 or 15 minutes, because he's going to go here and go to the dentist.
Yeah, you know, something, if he would have said, I got to leave.
If they would have said to me, would you go on 10 minutes early, I would have rather done the 10 minutes myself extra
at the same price as opposed to following the big ol' with some tape caca from the real war, you know.
Yes.
Well, you know, you're a hell of an employee.
Yes, that's the standard.
So it's called self-preservation.
I wasn't doing it for the station.
I'm doing it for my own benefit, man.
I don't want to follow dead air.
Exactly.
If he wants to do that, fine.
Let him go.
I may have a quarter of 10 every day.
I don't care.
I think it's 10.
George's idea, 10 or 10, and he's right, because I remember one listening I was driving around.
And you had the Supreme Court tapes, and they were very important, you know, the Gorg decision,
years ago.
So you went 40 minutes without a commercial.
And now you had to make up those breaks along the way.
Right.
And if somebody's invested in radio stocks and done fairly well with them, I mean, it's just logical.
You were the most popular person in the market.
I'm not saying that to kiss your body.
Absolutely.
That's right.
It's a good guy.
Why not just go 10 to 10, and then you go right through?
Well, I think we're going to extend that olive branch to the two.
His people will have our people talk to his people, and you're good, man.
You're going to be fine.
Show up on Monday at 2.2-2-4.
Does that something Norman Kent would do?
Oh, no.
It makes too much sense for him to do it.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Thank you, Bobbi.
This guy's covered all the bases.
That's a good guy.
I can't really describe.
You know what I'm serious.
Even if he did sound in the back.
Huh?
He's not a little over-foot tongue, but he didn't know what he was talking about.
Why do you always have to do that?
I mean, he's not a broadcast.
They're like the professional people we got.
You know.
What?
I'm jealous.
I wish I was a drug at 12.30 in the afternoon.
He didn't say that.
Did he sound drunk to you, George?
Yeah, I mean, it's single to my own.
He's got an excuse.
Yeah, that's probably something they often do.
You're like a margarita, man.
Maybe if you green purple lizards.
Yeah.
You know, if...
I've heard a message.
A text by Max Lacks.
In fact, I think that's what you need.
It is Max Tacks.
He won't use the Max Lacks.
And then they were had a big thing on CNN this morning about the Mexican food, the real
Mexican food, is important.
You won't find us a Taco Bell.
There's not a damn thing wrong with Taco Bell, okay?
I like Taco Bell.
I like Taco Bell.
But I do in skirt, maybe.
You'll hear it in a Taco Bell.
Yeah, that's correct.
I like Taco Bell a lot.
Yeah, that's what it says at the end of that disgusting bit.
Hey, what's better than saying cool and comfortable all summer long?
How about getting an instant $1,200 cool cash rebate on the world's smartest air conditioner,
the five star addition of the carrier infinity system?
And to make things even better, you can get this fabulous system from Royce, Aaron Heat.
These are people you really want to do business with because they've been taking care of
track county area families for three generations.
People you know are going to do a super job.
As the carrier factory authorized, either Royce guarantees your 100% satisfaction, and
that guarantee is backed by carrier that people who invented air conditioning and outcome
up with a carrier infinity system that actually performs a daily diagnostic check and then
adjust itself for maximum efficiency and to maintain maximum efficiency on your current
air conditioner, we want you to join the Royce Aaron Heat Comfort Club.
Here's how that deal works.
Twice a year, they come to your home, they inspect and tune up your system.
You'll enjoy if you have any kind of problems.
You'll enjoy a priority same day service and 10% off, and needed repairs to all of this
all of these things for just a 110 bucks a year.
So whether you choose the two speed infinity system with Pyrron or make damn sure you have
a piece of my idea along with the comfort club, either way, make this smart choice to
stay cool and comfortable, the Royce choice.
And what I'm going to tell you, man, it's already, it's summer time in South Florida.
I'm looking at those temperatures, man, and you just wait, you ain't seen nothing yet.
Carl Royce Aaron Heat toll free and come that old Neil, for did he call 1-800-377-0075-1800-377-0075.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62-8.
Freedom and state cheese.
5.60 W.G.A.M presents how in the world of these people keep their jobs with way more
than.
Well, there's a very wide variety.
There's a tell you about people who are rotten and who are who are who are who are you.
And you better listen carefully to some things that's wrong.
It's my imposing food that keeps my job.
People are afraid to fire me because I got big mottles.
I'm big and strong.
I'm white in temperature dating.
I'm husband and I know I've got what I've been doing.
But I can't see with that people into issuing me a check.
No matter how embarrassing I sound.
Now, over here I got a major trouble.
Let me show you how that's all.
First thing we do, is turn your command into a feature to focus only on the thing that
is most important in life.
For it, they want to talk about local robberman's thing and even the bother.
Falling, let's talk about baseball, baseball, baseball.
Wow, what a game.
Weeee.
You're ready.
Yes, Mr. Wee.
Oh, just call me Greg.
I'm just a consultant now.
Okay, hold on one, Greg.
I'm in a middle of an important listening telly.
And now look, why don't you lean on that call button?
So that's who that was?
Why sure.
I'm consulting you.
Okay.
That's why sports is very important to everyone's life.
Not that sports is game.
If we define game is, sports is white.
The big abuoms in the back of the wisdom club.
Women with sweet to see eyes of white.
And things are very, very quiet, as I get to know what.
I need to talk to your about nuclear twat in there.
Well, I'm banging my pipe.
Here.
Here.
Huh?
Here.
What are you gonna do about it?
Then you're gonna get there.
Here.
That's what I'm buying.
I'll get you there.
Come on.
I'll get my name back to the group.
I'll get you there.
I'll get you there.
Why not, Lenny?
What a set of pipes, huh?
I think you're wet.
Right.
So anyway, I'm changing the pool.
I just fast the new into Eric.
Okay.
I know we've done this before, not that long ago either, but I just, I don't know.
See these numbers come out and just, you know, it's called self-preservation.
What's your take on the Hank Neal Cross over a 10?
That's the new pool.
Here are the choices.
Maybe I'll let something out.
Oh, how about I hate this pool?
Well, we can add on after Eric puts this baby.
I'm sure Eric will have it up there faster than you can shake a lamestail.
Get rid of it.
I hate it.
I love it.
Don't stop.
It's getting ponderous.
It started at 9.50 until 10.
It's okay.
Or I don't listen to it.
Those are my six-trots.
I do pool, man.
I heard pool, man.
That's where I have expertise.
I am the pool man.
Here, here, you don't tease either.
Right.
Speaking of pink.
So anyway, that's the new pool we're getting.
Now, here's the last thing on the other one.
843 votes.
It's not bad.
What word is the worst thing you can call someone other than Joyce words?
Okay.
And of course, we know the Joyce words like, see you next time.
Stuff like that.
That's bad.
And Joyce.
Or if you see K.
A-hole 152.
Republican 121.
Coward 119.
Fag 96.
Dufairy.
Slut 59.
Retarded 47.
Hipric writ 32.
Moron 32.
Bitch.
Bitch.
Sanford even said.
Bitch 28.
Shock 25.
Cow 20.
Cheapskate 20.
Poor 18.
Pig 18.
Pansy 13.
Puts 12.
Tub 11.
What a tub.
Troll 11.
Gross 4.
Slob 3.
Geek 2.
What about a gross slob geek?
What about a gross slob pansy geek?
That's the worst.
See we could have put it in the midst of the matter.
That's the worst thing.
I'm bigger part than.
Is that how you do it?
So I'm sure that Eric is working on it right now.
Let's see if he's got it.
Not yet.
Not quite.
I don't think he'd be that fast.
Well, the reason I put some of that on there is here's a fact that says.
I love your show and I like Hank show.
I love your show and I like Hank show.
See that?
I haven't noticed.
But I find that, see I notice even the small V minutiae.
Like cloud green uses.
We've already talked about the minutiae.
But I find across over to be ponderous.
Maybe need to do a poll about people's opinion across the road.
We did one somewhere.
Not that long ago.
But what's wrong with this?
We can keep it under all weekend and Monday morning.
We'll look at it and decide whether we want to do it anymore.
I mean, we don't want to hurt Hank's feelings or something, but the bottom line is.
You know, this is a business.
This is not a fraternity.
That's where you're wrong.
It's just for the first part with the microphone.
I'm sorry, like I said.
So, you know, it would be one thing.
You're thinking this very first.
Yeah, it's not personal.
It's business.
But we'll see.
We'll see what happens if and when Eric gets this new one.
Of course, it's going to take a few minutes because I just, you know, just thanks to nothing.
You'll take him a second or two.
You know how fast he is.
W-Q-I-M, hello.
Yo, deal God.
Yes sir.
For the poll.
Creepy.
Creepy.
Yeah, nobody like you to be called creepy.
Oh, you mean for the end?
Well, that poll's over with.
Now, I don't understand.
Do you understand?
No.
The other poll has done it.
I just got through reading the final result.
I said we're putting up a new poll and this guy's calling it.
I mean, I don't want to say, and you'll notice recently, one thing I've stopped doing and I'm very proud of myself for doing it.
I stopped doing the building polls.
I don't know.
Oh.
Listen to me.
Even the lunatics I would rather hear than hear.
Oh, I got one for the poll.
No, no, no, you don't.
I just, I can't handle it anymore.
To me, that's not doing a radio show.
That's just crap.
Pure on a deleted crap is what it is.
Hey, I mean, I got one for your poll.
I mean, I'm not saying we'll never do those again, but you know, like when there are movie polls or something, but I just, I don't like it.
I don't want to.
So do you like it?
No.
I hate it.
All right, because it's four hours of, I got one for the poll.
Well, good.
Okay, send us a telegram.
Go to Western Onion.
Get lost.
W-D-Q-A-M-H-O.
Western Onion, by the way, don't send telegrams anymore.
They only wire money now.
Do you know that?
I did not.
Well, now you know.
You're right.
I know, I know.
What is it?
It's all for me.
It's what it is.
Yes.
I don't have to ask you where it's from.
I don't know, it's from Tony's.
Mm-hmm.
That's okay.
W-D-Q-A-M-H-O.
Neo, what's going on in?
Yes, sir.
Hey, I just came in a little while ago.
Are you kind of talking about the ratings being a little down this, this, whatever book?
A little down.
Well, listen, let me just tell you one thing.
And there's a big problem that has nothing to do with you or yours.
I know you know that your signal is so horrible.
I work in bulk now, unfortunately.
And I can be driving down the road and the power lines just make your stations sound horrible.
And believe it or not, if I tune over to 790, it's all the sudden it's like crystal clear.
I mean, why, what is up with that station?
I know you have no-
Let me ask you this, if the signal is the difference.
I mean, they did even worse than we did.
I mean, they just sucked away.
They were hiding near their numbers.
And I'm not saying, but their signal is so much better.
This is me off because I've listened to you for like 17 years now.
And it's like, I don't understand what that station, what their problem is.
Do they want it?
The engineering department, I think, is on the same level with our sales department.
You know, they can't complain about their job because they're not doing one.
Of course, they would say, oh, well, we got to fix kids.
And we got to, you know, they just suck.
The reason you're God is because I cannot understand how you've been putting up with this for seven for your whole career practically.
But let me tell you this.
Okay, can I answer your question?
Yep.
You know what I'm serious?
That's called the answer is the 10th and the 25th of very month.
That's the reason I have to.
I hear you, man.
If I was in your company, I mean, they are paying a lot, a lot of money.
If I was in the city of the city, I'd say, that's the industry that you're in.
It's like, you've got to put up a frustration.
I'm like, yeah, with garbage, with Mickey Mouse, with amateur-hour people,
you're right, it is frustrating, but you don't want to get the money.
I mean, I think they like to hear you, but it's honestly, I know you've probably said that before.
They probably like to hear that on the air.
Evidently.
All right, man.
We'll take care.
Thanks for the amendment, Bill.
All right.
It's been fun.
Now, you know, I'm going to get up early tomorrow morning and go out to a bind and maybe
lose a little bit, maybe win.
You don't know.
See, I don't go there to win.
I go there hoping to win, but I go there just to have some little bit of fun, you know,
a little diversion and perversion, whatever.
That's all.
It's a fun thing.
I enjoy it.
I'm not going to deny it.
It's a fun hobby.
Now, with all this Charles Barkley crap, how much money have you lost in gambling?
Yeah, it's John George said.
You were out of the room this morning before the show.
This is the new thing now.
What was it?
Which golfer was it?
It was it's a drunk guy.
It was daily, yeah, the drunk guy.
Oh, yeah, John daily, who's also got a drinking problem.
He had made a list of what was it?
12 to 20 million dollars.
He was dead.
50 to 60 million.
What was it?
50 to 60?
That's what he said.
He also said that.
That's what he said.
That's what he said.
And then he said, sir Charles was doing an interview or something, said he had a gambling
problem.
He doesn't believe him.
He said probably more like 20 million.
Yeah.
That was just before he's been that little girl's face, he said that again.
Charles Barkley, real classy guy.
Well, you know, something, everything is relative.
You know what I mean?
I don't lose any money that in any way is going to change my life.
You follow what I'm saying?
And if I ever did, I would, first of all, assume I had a problem.
And secondly, I would either go see a kelp or I would just stop going.
I don't do that.
I do see many people out there who have no business being there day after day.
And they're losing a lot of money.
I'm talking about slipper.
People that look like, they make me look like a fashion plate.
You know what I mean?
People look like they've been sleeping in the dumpster and smell even worse.
And that's sad.
It's very sad.
But you know what?
That's their problem.
I'm not here in the world to be for anybody or to change their life or to like help them
out of their desperate plight.
You know, I'm doing the best I can.
That's all.
And if my ears would have rolled back up.
See, there's nothing worse than the big teesia when you have this, oh, the congestion thing.
And I'm pretty sure now it is allergies.
You want to know why?
Why?
Because it comes and goes like that.
With the flu or cold, you know, we've all been through it a million times.
You don't want to start clearing up.
And there's a certain progression to get to, you know what I mean?
Well, when it's allergies, it's just kind of like lingers and lingers and lingers.
And of course, next on Monday, they're finally going to get the AC on in this building.
I mean, it is so hot in here right now.
It is boiling.
And you want to say, well, I just open a window.
The reason I want to open a window is I found when you open the window is then all the crap,
the bad air from outside comes in.
It's worse.
You know what I'm saying?
I do.
Because right now, up north, it's, it's budding time.
It's bud time.
I'm sure Josh likes hearing it.
And all the leaves, the trees are budding and everything.
And they're releasing all that crap.
The allergy, I think I think it's birch and what's the other one?
Birch and elm is it?
I don't know.
Whatever the hell it is, it's very high now.
I'm like Kurt Cobain, not quite that high, but it's very high.
I think he's down low.
He's on the deal.
Well, I'm telling you, when you see that, you're just, you're going to wonder, what is this?
What are we?
I'm going to wait late at night when I'm all blurry out and then I'm going to get high as a kite,
then I'm going to watch it.
Okay, that's the only way you're really enjoying it.
And you can relate to it.
1243 a.m.
Hey, what's the worst thing you ever did growing up that drove your mom nuts?
Want to make up for this mother's day?
Let her know you turned out okay and send her an original from Montedibere.
She'll receive a beautiful bear made in Vermont, delivered to her home or work with a free card,
and gourmet caramel in a colorful gift box.
Gourmet caramel.
You can only work, is it caramel?
You can only get them by calling your friendly bear counselor to a free at 1-800-829-Bair
or by shopping online at VermontTedibere.com.
They'll help you take a bear just for your mom or wife like the nurse to teach you the businessman
at Gardening Bear, so she'll know you put some real thought into your gift, or at least she'll think that anyway.
They even have a fun new bear called the Bearfoot and Pregnant Bear for those moms to be.
Check out the new All-American mom dressed in the patriotic sonress holding an apple pie.
And in fact, maybe they even got one with a pucky pie.
And for all you mama's boys out there, send the mama's boys bear with a heart-shaped mom tattoo on his arm.
And dad, that's your job to give your wife a gift from the kids and the mother and cup said is always a great idea over here.
Add as many cup as needed to employ your kid's name right in the outfits. It's a cute thing to do.
Or tell your wife you think she's still a hottie and send the yummy mummy bear dressed in lingerie, even if she smells like, you know what?
Send you a VermontTedibere is so much more personal and fun than flowers and VermontTediberes are guaranteed for life.
You can even deliver her bear in the office just you can brag about you to work co-workers too and they'll think you're a real munch.
Works like magic every time.
Overnight delivery to a home or work is guaranteed so call 1-800-829-Bair or shop online at VermontTedibere.com.
Mother's Day is a week from Sunday. It's coming soon. Send a creative alternative to flowers from Mother's Day.
1-800-829-BEAR, be sure and tell them that old meal to her to the call.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.69-8.
America loves to watch boobs and butts and boinkings.
I hear the voices. I listen to all voices and ill-body. Jesus here. Have you killed all the homos yet?
We need their soul, right Bob?
There won't be dirty words left when you're dead back then.
All for your eye-fade you move to this side.
I'm the designer.
R. Rock was a good decision.
Don Rumsfeld is doing a fine job.
And it's not like the idea of blowing a cloth beggar.
Yeah, that's a city in Sydney anyway.
But, how everyone is going there to set up.
Hey, Bob, where's the Virgin Mary?
Moving forward, sadly.
Somewhere in front.
She makes drinks and reviews.
That's because she uses real, hell-bent play-a-day.
It's not that bad.
Fireballs, this voice is poor, there.
Is that you?
Very cold, very hot.
And sad.
But I choose to look like a dog today.
Fireball may be a godsend son.
I'm the designer, Horus.
Horus looks sexy when she dresses like an old, rugged woman.
I wish I had more voice, more voice, more voice, more voice, more voice, more voice, more voice.
1249S, our specialty at QAM.
Voice is mostly bad ones.
Anyway, I don't think Eric has either got the message or got my poll.
Maybe I should fax it to him again.
Did he get any response, any acknowledgement, or maybe he's been eating four or five lunches now?
You got nothing?
No, let me go.
No, there's nothing to switch on.
I guess we caught him off guard maybe.
Because usually when I change like that, he gets it on their pronto, man.
Fasted and you can say drop the burrito.
Well, it is lunchtime.
You better send it in the chat room at least.
I just chatted in there to him.
Yeah, and tell him, switch the poll, damn it.
Jesus, God, it's just the lucky guy said before.
Frustrating.
Angry conservatives are driving the approval ratings of President Bush and the GOP led Congress to dismal new lows.
Oh, that sounds like our numbers.
According to an AP ifso's poll that underscores by Republican sphere election day massacre.
Six months out, the intensity of opposition to Bush and Congress has risen sharply.
A lot of the percentage of Americans believe the nation is on the wrong track, man.
We're supposed to be a hazel parker more in Northfield down.
We're a Jackson looking for action in Jackson with clearance a out in Gerald Banfield.
The AP ifso's poll also suggests that Democratic voters are far more motivated than Republicans.
Elections and whitey and spa.
Elections in the middle of a president's trim traditionally favor the party whose core supporters are the most energized.
This week's survey of a thousand adults including 865 registered voters found.
Just 33% of the public approves of Bush's job performance, the lowest of his presidency in this poll.
Just the fourth of the public approves of the job Congress is doing a new low at AP ifso's polling.
And down five points since last month, a whopping 65% of conservatives disapproved Congress.
And majority of Americans say that when Democrats instead of Republicans could roll Congress 51 to 34%.
Even 31% of conservatives want to be Republicans out of power.
Oh, man.
The salary of the nation's mood has accelerated the past three months with the new percentage of people describing the nation on the wrong track rising 12 points
to note a new high of 73% six out of 10 conservatives say America is headed the wrong direction.
And Republican strategists said the party stands to lose control of Congress unless the environment changes unexpectedly.
They're a fearing an election day massacre, a blood bad. How do you like that?
I thought the blood math was already going on in Iraq.
So that's what was going on.
Did Eric respond to you as he asked?
Yes, sir. You caught him off guard and he's typing his asses.
I know Eric and believe me ordinarily if he was paying any attention to not just that's right.
Not just chowing down.
Oh, look at that. Oh, there it is.
You're the best, Eric. You you demand. He's good.
Wily ripped by George, but he's a good guy.
Fat.
But then the fat people are the good people and the fat people are the dead people.
Oh, no, wait a minute. I thought he had it on there and I clicked it.
But it's not he don't have it put together yet. So I'll just I'll wait.
Uh oh. In fact, I don't know.
Well, I don't know how that's going to work because I switched it and well, he's going to have to do it.
I don't know. He'll do something because I hit the button and nothing happened.
It says there's no poll at this moment. So that means it's in progress.
I don't know how he does it. I'm sure he's the one knows.
But I can tell him just switch it as soon as he's got it.
Yeah, just switch it whenever you're ready. Fat. So I mean, here's a fact that says, now what is this?
Elvis, the ran. Oh my god.
It's not opiananthory at all. Elvis, the ran of the Z 100 morning zoo are heading south.
The morning anchor for clear channel mainstream top 40 W HTZ New York will begin
simul casting on sister top 40 Y 100 Miami replacing footie who is retiring.
In Miami, the show be called the Elvis, the ran in the Y 100 morning zoo featuring Carolina Bermuda's
who was a cast member of footies show in 2004 before she moved to Z 100.
Keep channel regional vice president of programming in Miami Dave Denver said to release Elvis's
a legend in New York and we are excited to his decided to join us and bring Carolina back with him.
The ran added, New York and Miami, the two most international cities in America were launching the show
because many similarities and cultures exist. We are both our Gancho and hubs for the entertainment industry
and pop culture. So it was a natural fit. The ran in the Z 100 team also comprising John Bell.
We got a bell, Danielle Monaro and Greg T. the fat boy will frequently broadcast
from the Y 100 studios. What? There you go. It's not opiananthory.
So there's an opening for us, man. We can bring an opiananthory. We can lose the license
before the first weekend. There's an opiananthory for us. We can bring in the banjo pickers,
banjo boy group ink from the west coast. See, I don't know what to do now.
I told him to switch it when he's got it ready. And he said, well, you apparently when you tried to switch it
and it wasn't, and he wasn't done. Oh, it switched to, you know, it's the question is there,
but the options are not. Well, apparently you messed them up in the most severe way by doing that.
Now he's got to start over.
Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 6 in the Verizon singing the Royal Sons. He's not being quite a second
because some people think when the other choice was on there, I switched it because it looked like it was ready to go.
Oh, it wasn't. It wasn't. I punched the button and it wasn't ready to go.
He said, oh, what is it?
Well, that's what I was hoping for. I like it. You can see that. It's always a lot of fun.
70 QYM. Hello.
Okay. Neil. Yes, sir.
I'm sorry. If I mentioned this earlier, I've been on the office a week.
Robert Scheer, he was on C-Fan the other day. I don't know if anybody's just told you.
No. They had a round table to get discussion about mission accomplished.
And the funny thing about it, he was talking about was they couldn't get any conservative columnists to get in on it.
Whereas the year's fire that they would come along with it.
Right. The things are so bad that they don't even want to talk about it even though they're all running the other direction, man.
They're all running like there's a fire in the house. They're running like there was a fire in the house.
And he's got a good point. Just plain victory, but your troops on a plane at least.
Yeah. Because now the discussion is about how you're going to get out. Well, that's it.
11 more dead American soldiers this week, 2415 and the public is worried about, you know,
right in the gallery in the rock. Across team.
And it was pretty funny when he said it.
Okay. Thanks, Valley.
Yeah, we love Robert Scheer. I read many of his columns and of course he was too liberal for the LA time.
So they can't exist. But now he shows up everywhere. Nice going, Bobby.
Fascist American man. It's really a very sad, sad situation.
And then American dollar is dropped. I don't even want to look. I may have a relapse and look and see how low it is.
The euro keeps going up every single damn day now. 127 was 117 a few weeks ago.
I'm just looking. Yeah, 127 and a third now, even a little bit more every day.
It keeps going up the pound. The British pound is 186 was 178 about two weeks ago.
And oh, I feel not so good. The Canadian loony is now up to 90 43 90 dollar 90 cent point 43 almost 90 and a half.
Oh, man. Thank you, Mr. President for the useless American dollar for those low gas prices for all those dead Americans in Iraq,
all those dead Iraqis in Iraq, for all those gay kids being shot and killed in Iraq for everybody, all the other for all your buddies bandar bush for the great job you did on Osama Yamama and Zarkawi,
who maybe I'll be able to shoot straight, but he's still alive and all mullipoa Omar and all the other are going just just pathetic.
Thank you for the great job also in New Orleans after Katrina, fabulous job, man.
Heck of a job, a job, Schmuckhead. Okay. So oh, there it is. I told you just read a lot. So can you get so man?
You're never going to make it to like the end of the year if you don't cut the crap the end of the day.
What's your take on the Hank me across over 10? This is a repeat pool and it's just intermediate that we had almost done her votes in the first one.
Let's see. I don't know what to say. I'll go along with you. Start at 9.50. They're not. I'm telling you they're not going to do that.
Oh, we already got 17 votes. How the hell did that happen? I love it. Don't stop. 7. Start at 9.50 till 10. 5.
It's okay to get rid of it. I hate it too. I don't listen to it one. It's getting podrous. None. So I'll do a good start for the Humper.
This is Neil Roger. I'm pretty sure it's great concern. This is 5.16. Q.A.
Okay, you've got the rail. The wind up in Boca Tiga slapping all women with painted lips around the pool. I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two hours.
Yeah, I mean I listen to the Neil Rogers here and balance one to two hours.
The opinions expressed by the host-guester colors are not necessarily those of the host-guester colors.
Get prices out of sight. Sign for the big- my big- your card light. Rebuck the gallon-flowers like to strangle myself with the host.
You're killing me. It's fun. Feel like an employee. You're a man-ron. Have to stop at the bank. Get 100 bucks to fill my tank.
I wish I had a fancy girl who would ride the ride. My class girl has station and I broke down and cried. Look at the price, cross-eyed.
Get things killed anywhere. They'll have to fill a tank in my purse. Have to raise extra cash. Sell my body or start feeling sad.
Show me your poor moving to the bars and notice the orcic. Girl, shout, get the fuck to top it off. You must be Donald Trump.
I wish I had a fancy girl who would ride the ride. My class girl has station and I broke down and cried. Look at the price, cross-eyed.
A soda living hell wish I had vital organs to sell. To go grow anything. I'll chill my children on a day. They have to sell my porn.
For more things to walk. House of hard-born my future. All five pasts. Because the remote price is a gas.
Rhymes with. Right. One or two others at Dana Bash. Oh, I hate her, man. The shrunken head on CNN. I don't use that. I hate real loosely. But in her case, I'll make an exception. Boy, she just gives me. I got a lot of people on. I can't stand.
She's got the buggy eyes from Mrs. Limbaugh to Kira Phillips to Wolfless Creek to all of a sudden go him. I'll go him.
47 votes on the poll on the new poll on the crossover poll. And what can I ask you a question? Why are they making such a big simmiss about the.
Packed for Kennedy traffic. Because he died Kennedy. Oh, you really care about it? No, I don't. Kennedy would have thought he was so boring. Man, he is so. He didn't have. He didn't. First of all, you'll even look like a.
He's like a. Not he don't talk like. He's boring. 47 votes. What's your take on a crossover? I love it. Don't stop 17 started at 9.50. Do it till 10. 14. It's just. Just not going to happen. It's not the way they start you. They can't take their breaks on time.
They just don't do it. Get rid of it. I hate it. Six. It's okay. Five. I don't listen to it. Three. It's getting ponderous. So that they dose. Do it.
Cuban mafia leader. Please guilty during federal trial. Pozimigale battle senior El Padrino of the Cuban. Oh, El Padrino. Now we've got in Italian. We've got ill Padrino, which is the same way.
Gone. Hot.
Who come next?
Okay.
In a expressing and strange moment of gold.
You fair.
Now we've been through this before I still say I know it's not but it sounds
enough like when Anthony was singing in a mess song and they were in the
yeah right but it's not they were in that bar or restaurant they whatever was in
Italy and satiria and he was singing to Michael you know he was playing the
mandolinia, Ilmondoline, Anthony Jr., Anthony Jr., yeah what was the opera singer?
yeah well listen it's just one of those things even in the worst of families let's see he's
played guilty in the middle of his Miami Racketering crowd because of failing
health but it's doubtful the Cuban American Godfather why didn't I know Godfather 76 will live
long enough to serve anytime in prison he's just very sick as Attorney Jack
Malumin failed suddenly yesterday this way he can die at home instead of in jail
the older battle a baby pigs better needs a wheelchair and suffers from kidney and liver failure
die of babies and cardiac problems it is trying he was the boss of the corporation
a Cuban American crime syndicate that stretched from Florida to New York to Latin America
in a federal conspiracy case battle of San Jose Miguel Battle Jr. I should have said when
the day that's me that should have said Joe Mars Jr. Damn it and for other
our defendants were accused of the five premeditated murders for arson attacks resulting in eight deaths
and more than 1.5 billion dollars collected from four decades of illicit activities including drug
trafficking illegal bookmaking and boy the numbers rackets battle who's still in custody if the
Miami federal detention center will soon be released on million dollar personal surety bond
he plans to live with one of his brothers now in Miami area his sentence thing could be held in
late summer depending on what he lives that long he faces from 20 years to life in prison on the
back of the conspiracy conviction battles organization began in the york in the mid 60s with illegal gambling
including the bullieta or little ball lottery's popular in Cuba and they like little balls in Cuba
the corporation used arson and murder to intimidate that fact that's probably why alien is so popular
the corporation used arson and murder to intimidate or eliminate rivals now the threat such as
witnesses willing to testify against the organization according to federal prosecutor tonic
unsolic 13 of battles accused associates have already pleaded guilty six others were going to
probably the fees of the Cuban godfather i prefer having rock myself all that right i thought he was
for you and i know the way he kept what would i know the sound he made that was his name Lee
uh... stressber stressber from the art is at least drossberg school of acting in the york which
goes to show you those who can they do it and those who can't they teach or jack your cursor by
the way was ill professor read it just can't be accurate i think i died okay why do you make
that stuff up for your you're a mean no one your mind you're like for a second when you don't know
what the truth is what is the course as usual that's some pretty sure that's what happened what he
died that's uh... that's what i heard pretty sure that's what you heard where he died but from
people who do have a people who called up and said you know newman and i told you that at the time
but i know that uh... it's heaps through your brain anymore
probably was all that good water that's so they water i used to bring him by the case
probably you love it for me to fall in the middle days man whatever happened in that guy used to
bring us to so they know that i don't know you're not here to drink it anymore
no no you know you forgot he uh... no no long before i was with the company in this and that
that's what it's up to when you uh... left her
one of the ones he doesn't want to give you any on the bottom of the out of the wall when you go
to italy and become an expert on a tiny bottle of water is that's when cell will come back right
yeah when you start when you start making the runs of all the great uh... try to reels in
italy that's actually the one where they have the pigeon egg you know that that story i
i told it on the air but it's just it's one of those things where we really had to be there
it was surreal surreal they bring out this big plate and it's got all this like a little tiny square
of ham with like a little uh... thing on it and a bird egg
good thing it was a little lizard and i wrote that but then the little square ham it would like
trying to to a uh... rubber band or just impossible don't play rubber band man again i love that
so we took seventy three votes well we'll wait till get that but let's see so we did let's say
on the other one we did eight eighty i think was the final before Eric finally got around to uh...
catch and up with me so that means oh well we're gonna have our thousand a total during the show
we got a maid see this is a way to do it maybe we're getting bored with that other one about all
those nasty words and calm people fat slabs and stuff like that a modicone we should have put that
on there modicone for sprava didn't and boogar on that's really oh that's really low
that's what opera says that mean you like boogers yeah five that somebody spends a lot of time
picking it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and leave a residence in your
wireless line wadecue i am hello i didn't ask who gave the order wadecue i am hello
i'm going to mark that down kill what he this year marked it down things to do list q a m s
happy Friday to you back to you
i'm uh... the semi chronic who you'll
uh... cost a little bit of uh... of a ruckus when i said that at least forty to fifty percent of uh...
meal rogers audience or who knows remember
yeah and i still get it it's not true in fact when uh... when more the number is coming from this
last book i'm maybe the beginning of the week we can get the uh... the uh... ethnic breakdown i don't
i don't believe that a lot of a lot of these who lose their stoned the closet
i know that
you know the
it's not good to say you're living for liberal
fairie
uh... exactly but uh... i don't have much to say today so i'm going to fit in
perfectly with the rest of the car
don't in other words don't sure the pot anymore man george would be more happy to smoke it for
but don't see it
george was right least rags uh... strawberry did die that is correct
no that's not what i'm
that's okay thanks to me go to my teachers asked the kyrmy this going
don't help me at least we know we've got
fact the last thing he said in the movie was i'm done uh...
play like that
just a retirement rest of the living out of pension okay that's right so i
think about it is real that's why uh... the king that's why they used to enjoy
mon uh... the beach all the time was walking his little dog and colonze avenue
wonder if he ever walked his little dog by that houseboat where Andrew cunanan
and finally met his last moments.
Easy.
The people that he's had with him was on.
That's right.
He shot to the sand.
If we had an oxygen that off on eBay, that pillow that Andrew
Commandon shot himself through.
Shot his face off with.
That was pretty tough to find him, you know?
That was some really good police work.
They only used his real passport and his real name at the pawn shop.
But it was difficult.
And he was also walking around.
It was a subway.
It was some sandwich shop.
Remember where the guy saw him?
Yeah, I don't know what it was.
Well, see, it wouldn't be as fresh in your mind because I saw the thing on
biography.
I said, that's a great channel.
The biography channel.
I mean, I guess that's interesting.
Oh, that's by our, you know, the alien.
It's interesting.
Even the Bobby Deren thing, which I, you know, I don't watch that many of them.
But I thought I would not watch that one.
And once I turned it on, I couldn't turn it on.
It was pretty interesting.
Especially finding out that Sandra D.
He was the alcoholic, not Bobby Deren.
There's always some bitch in there.
You know, she always to ruin every guy's life.
There's always some nasty bitch that comes.
I mean, that sounds like a very sexist thing.
But you know, it's true.
It comes along to destroy his life and make it a living hell.
83 votes.
What's your, what's your take on the Hank Neocross?
It's like, remember, and Godfather 3, the line when, when, uh, who was it that brought
them in?
The bodyguards.
Who was it that brought the twins?
Oh, Vincent.
Okay.
Vincent brought it into the bodyguards.
A real good looking guy's.
And Connie looks at him and introduces them and they walk out and she says, Vincent, are
they as good as they look?
Oh, no.
No.
Yeah, I don't remember that line.
Yeah, I do.
Well, I, now this can't, I, this is a terrible thing to admit.
But you know, I'm an old bag and I walk at many times like I'm in a shopping mall.
I'm walking on the street.
I, yesterday I was walking to the store to get my Taco Bell.
And there's a young couple, like I would say, 20ish and man, I mean, seriously, she was
okay.
She went bad looking, but he was, he, uh, a thousand times pretty much, she was.
He was a good looking guy.
I, I felt I wanted to stop her in the street and say, is he as good as he looks, but that
would have been very bad.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Super, super note.
Haha.
Haha.
Is he as good as he looks and is available this weekend?
Do you share?
Oh, 83 votes.
That's bad.
But that's the kind of stuff that goes through your mind.
Of course.
Oh, there's the, uh, woman with another banner.
The woman, the heckling, uh, rungs roller.
That was, she was great.
I made two.
I'm going to get out of here.
You're five in the right.
Four, three, four.
Get in five.
I'm going to get out of here.
Good for you.
We'll go hunting and they dragged her out of there like some kind of criminal, you know?
83 votes.
I love it.
That crossover.
Don't stop.
27.
Start at 9.50.
Do it till 10.
20.
It's okay.
16.
Get rid of it.
I hate it.
10.
I don't listen to it.
Six.
It's getting prond to risk for.
So far, uh, pretty, uh, overwhelming endorsement.
They like it.
So in spite of what you're doing.
What was that?
You told me.
Thank you for calling the Pyramemia Kotline.
Oh, I don't know.
I'm just getting all worked up here.
Well, I'll get rid of the weekend.
I was thinking to get it by the Z as good as he looks.
One, fourteen, speaking of the weekend, by the way, I've said a great place to take everybody
and that's the melting pot.
They're all over town.
And I can remember years and years ago when I started talking about the melting pot.
And it was very, very good, but they didn't have anywhere near the variety of great stuff
they have right now.
Fonda was more than just a meal.
It's a memorable four-course dining experience at the melting pot where you can dip into some
delicious and amazing things.
Enjoy a variety of unique countries and special melting pot dipping sauces.
It's not going out just out for a meal.
It's like going out for an event, like the Olympics.
Imagine starting dinner with the melting pot.
So when I'm cheese fondue, served with three different breads, granny Smith apples and
crisp veggies, and you're dipping and ducking and enjoying the stuff as dripping down your
chin.
Maybe even some of that pepperoni juice.
Next, your choices salads all of the melting pot homemade dressings.
I'm for as include lobster, filet mignon, shrimp, caged and seasoned chicken, pork, portabello,
shrooms, duck, and lots more cooked in oil or broth.
And the melting pot dipping sauces are really something to die for and for dessert, the
chocolate fondue is unlike anything you've ever had in your life.
Dip your all your fruits in there, man.
Fresh strawberries, bananas, pineapple.
God.
Cheesecake brownies topped up with tasty marshmallows rolled in crust Oreos and graham crackers.
See, the thing about the melting pot is there's so many restaurants that are very much
like cookie cutter restaurants.
It's like all the other ones.
Melting pot totally unique.
And don't forget, with Mother's Day coming up a week from this Sunday, be sure and take
mom out to the melting pot because all the smart moms love the melting pot.
So don't get left out, call and make your reservations for Mother's Day, May 14th at a melting
pot near by you today and really treat mom to a great feast.
You'll find a melting pot in Fort Lauderdale.
Coral Springs, Book of Ritone, Campbell Cooper City and prestigious North Miami Beach.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.60 Q.A.
Go Roger time.
Go, go, go, go.
Just two young doof boarers.
Ever mean in the hall.
Up used to feed in a strip but got in trouble with us all.
Now they wish they weren't born.
Watch your neccer's.
Eye in her hills.
We prove they're innocent.
Now will their lawyers probably will.
They can their way to the courtroom now.
They had a little more fun than the campus allow.
Well, just two young doof boars from the duplacross team.
Make sure God out of hand now all over the land.
They got their face on TV.
I guess that was not a good time for any dukes.
You know, Duke University, Duke Cunningham, Duke is dead.
And he died with 40 pounds of impacted well.
Cops say Kennedy was under influence.
I know I don't care about this story neither to you but everybody else is all making a big to do about it.
Here's the official Capitol Hill police report on yesterday's early morning crash involving a disoriented representative, Patrick Kennedy.
According to the police, the Rhode Island Democrat and son of Senator Ted Kennedy appeared on steady on his feet.
Had read in watery eyes, had slightly sturdered speech upon exiting his Ford Mustang after crashing the vehicle into a barricade near Capitol Hill.
The reporting officer checked off a box indicating that Kennedy was under the influence of alcohol and the public's history of his ability was impaired.
Kennedy 39 is denied that alcohol was involved in the 245A maximum.
Cleming instead, he was left disoriented by reacting to the prescription drugs, Aby and a sleep aid and Fenergian.
Fenergian, I don't know what that is, and he histamine.
I think that's what I need and he histamine.
You think? Or some of the kind of allergy, yala rest or something.
Both drugs carry warnings that boo is taking the conjunction with the medications being increased, drags into sendissimus.
Following the accident, Kennedy was driven home by the police who did not administer any field sobriety test of the six-term congressman.
See, that's bad.
Yeah.
And then here's a copy of the rest report that which doesn't really say much of anything.
I'm looking for the box that they took.
Oh yeah.
Is, I don't see it.
And I don't want to see it.
So there you go, and look at the big deal.
Here's a fact that's more important than that.
It says it was Miami subs on Collins and 50th.
Thank you very much.
That is absolutely correct.
I remember it now.
That was where Andrew Kuhnainen was spotted at the Miami sub.
And the dark-complexed employee there said,
that's the guy we've seen on TV on America's most wanted.
And they tipped off the cops.
And that was one of the first sightings, I guess, from Mario.
Because they were oblivious.
And they said, hey, Gianni.
Like that.
And they could have saved some lives there, but then again, that would have been too easy.
Well, they were just...
I'm just a fake, it's anyway, most of them.
Nah, there you go.
Gianni used to sit up there on the balcony up with big, big mansion there.
Spotting different to hot young numbers out there in the beach.
And go get that one.
Go get that one.
That's what they said anyway.
Yeah.
Gianni.
That's what they say.
I don't know.
My mother always say a lot of things.
They say so many things, you know.
It's just like Bobby Deren being a drunk.
He wasn't a drunk.
He had a bad heart.
He had the poor guy along.
Cut him some slack, Roberta.
114 votes.
Our goal is 115.
Well, this is our second poll.
Okay, it's our second.
116.
See that?
They're coming in like a little chunch now.
Oh, man.
Tasty.
Now, that was a really good idea.
I don't want to get in the habit of doing that, though, with the Bataco Bell on me.
I don't know why.
You shouldn't wear anything out.
No, that's true.
When in doubt, don't wear it out.
Just like that crossover.
On the final nail biting day, there's a bad news, man.
On the final nail biting day, the law making session of Florida, Marlins again are watching
their dreams for state aid for New Ballpark darken as the plan gets battled back and forth
in games of procedural one-upsmanship.
It wasn't supposed to be this way, since Mark Caputo and Mary Allen clashed in the
a herald.
After six years, according to Winnie's subsidy, the Marlins hopes to lift it unexpectedly,
wins the net when the three Miami-Dade senators sprung the plan suddenly for the $60 million tax
subsidy under colleagues.
Imagine to collect enough votes to tack the plan in a way must pass bill for influential central
Florida lawmakers who want the same subsidy for the Orlando Magic.
Aha, that would be tragic if they didn't get it for the magic.
But upon the strike back yesterday, Senator Mike Fassano of Tampa struck the Orlando Magic
subsidy on his own bill, one that awards millions to be fervors several spring training facilities
and passed it out of the Senate.
That means the Magic Marlins bill no longer has to pass to save the Magic Steel.
So it's on the agenda today, the last 60-year day law making session waiting for a vote.
Over in the House, which is far more receptive to the Marlins, members started reviewing ways
to get the plan to the Senate, where Senate President Tom Lee who killed the subsidy last year
will have a harder time stopping it.
We have 22 votes here and if the Senate president votes for it, we have 23.
So Miami-Centre Alex Diaz de la Portilla.
You know, de la Portilla, that name is just, it's even longer than my last name.
It's just too long.
Did it, like, three words?
Yes. See, clearly this is the best shot for the Marlins that they've had in years.
The measure needs 21 votes to pass to 40 members Senate.
I looked for a lucky update and don't see it yet.
You see me here? They come running and say, Marlins got the stadium.
They got the money. They come in there.
Oh, sorry. No. See, that would be bad news because QAM, we ought to be ho, I don't know how much longer our contract is
with the Marlins organization, but they ought to be praying that they would leave tomorrow.
Yeah. Then we wouldn't have to broadcast the games anymore.
We save a lot of money. Then they can give you guys a really big raise.
Right. That's what they do.
Lee, who said the Tampa Bay Lightning hockey team is now approached him to get the subsidy,
wouldn't say much about the Marlins planning except their express and reservations.
I heard some things that were a little disturbing to me that there may be an effort to hold the spring training bill,
which of course is very different than the Marlins bill hostage.
The house may put the Marlins issue on the spring training bill and send it back.
Respectfully, I think that would be bad form, he said.
Fat ass governor, Jeff Bush, who is over the years, both supported and killed the Marlins,
pitched to in state money to build a retractable, restatable, in Miami, said he will keep an open mind
as long as there is local financial support to make it happen.
And he probably has some devious plans to screw it up no matter what happens.
That's him. He's always got devious plans.
One of the most low down obnoxious discussion surrounded by a bunch of low down obnoxious disgusting cretons.
Okay. That's your fat ass governor who is still wildly popular in Florida, though,
which goes to show you what a bunch of mug ones we got.
Oh, and speaking of that, where's that story I got?
Oh, and the family is scrambling for Kirby Puckets ashes by.
Do you see that, John? No.
They've scrawled about that.
Limbaugh denies the rest on his radio show, which of course he was arrested.
Altersound, band, adverts. Yeah, I had all this important stuff here.
Oh, here it is.
Now, even though we know that George Bush didn't win Florida in 2000, right?
The Washington Post, Richard Moore and Wrights, we report you decide,
does President Bush always controversial win in 2000 to Fox cable television news?
Yes.
Suggest data collected by two economists who found that the growth of Fox cable news network in the late 1990s
may have significantly boosted the Republican Party share the vote in 2000,
election and delivered Florida to Bush.
Our estimates imply that Fox News can minstri the weight percent of its audience to shift its voting behavior
to the Republican Party.
A size size of a media persuasion effort said Stefano Dela Vignano for a second or so thought it says Stefano Dela Vignano of the University of California
at Berkeley and Ethan Kaplan of Stockholm University.
And Florida low may estimate the Fox effect may have produced more than 10,000 additional votes for Bush.
Clearly a decisive factor in the state he carried supposedly by fewer than 600 votes.
How do you like that?
We experiment you decide if people apply political litmus test of the news?
Yes, he suggests the results of the latest online experiment by the Washington Post.
The test from Republicans prefer to get their news from Fox.
Even when the news stories were about subducks far removed from politics as just sports or travel,
because their ideologues, man, they're one dimensional.
They're like the rushes, man, the ditto heads, same old crap.
They just want to hear the same garbage repeated over and over again.
Just tell me what I want to hear, you know?
This kind of like the aclarabal benton mentality.
He'll tell you any crap you want to hear like Howard Beale said.
Remember that?
Mm-hmm.
Well, you know, it's just sad.
It's very sad, but to each his own, you know, the fact that Josh didn't like that movie,
because it's so great and it's just undeniable.
It's beyond belief, it's so good.
Listen to me.
Television is not the truth.
So turn off your television sets.
Turn them off right in the middle of the set.
Well, he had some busy spells, you know.
Well, my ear just opened up again.
Oh.
Well, I'm not even sure which one it is anymore.
See, I think this means that this is waning, you know, it's on the way out.
Mm-hmm.
Because that's what usually happens.
They all right.
And they close.
They play with your mind, you know.
And it's like the machines at the casino, you know?
They give you the teas.
Sometimes, and see when they say that those are random,
if they're random, how come sometimes they give you like three big teas in a row?
Very often, they will happen.
You know what I mean?
Oh, I know.
They'll give you like five times, seven, and then the other five times in the upper.
Then it'll come on triple bar, blank, triple bar.
And they are, it's possible for that to happen, you know, random.
No, right over again, man.
They play with your mind, and so often it's like triple bar, triple bar.
And then the wheel of force and then the other triple bar are on the top and a bottom wheel,
and then the blank and the third slot.
They play with your mind, man.
And I keep telling people that.
Oh, I came so close.
You didn't come close.
Don't you understand?
You idiot.
You moron.
There's no such thing as close.
God.
Close is in horses and hoists.
There's no other thing where close pays off.
Okay, close only counts in quotes, and I don't even know what quotes is.
It hoists when I was a kid.
I remember quotes, you know, rock.
I remember quotes, quistles.
Every taken interest in rocks.
Like crack rocks.
Yeah, there you go.
Here's a silly question.
Have you tried the pizza and pasta, John?
The bakers will anybody with any tastes has already said yes.
Of course, they've done it.
They're going back again and again.
Because John the Baker is the best Italian restaurant bar none.
This side of the university drive.
And out two great locations for you.
There's the brand new John the Baker in the Sterling Town center on Sterling Road.
Just west of Pine Island and Cooper City.
And the classics on the Baker and Pember Pine just west of Flamingo in the home depot center on Pine's Boulevard.
The food is great.
They give you big, gigantic portions of all your favorite homemade Italian style of lights.
Let me say it again, homemade.
Nothing like, you know, moushy and pre-eated.
Plus with John the Baker's low, low prices.
You can take the whole family for lunch.
You didn't stay well within your budget.
And some of the best pieces you've ever had in your life.
Be sure to ask for the Neil Dio when you call her stop.
And it's a large 60-inch pizza, half a dozen garlic rolls and two fountain coaks.
All of these three.
Only 1475.
Take out or die in the tonight.
In Pember Pine's calls you on the Baker at 954.
431-4355.
Or in Cooper City, 954-252-0091.
Pizza, pasta, veal, chicken farmers, you're on sausage and peppers.
All your favorite subs, including that the sloppy, what is it?
Sloppy sausage, so that you guys love.
John the Baker, you're going to try this weekend.
It's the best in the city.
This is Neil Roger, the news in the Bronx.
This is 5.62 pages.
It's Friday, you bastard.
If anybody has a opinion,
dissenting from our way,
we'll pay your name into the system.
And then the me have just made it.
Look even father, who quenched, yeah.
Just follow under faith.
Everybody's running for it.
Oh, that's a USA.
In the act of patriotism,
we're watching all of you.
Everyone does a speech, yeah.
So much but you do.
This has its formation.
And all you might lose.
In poor development, yeah.
Like a USA.
And all of us, yeah.
Yeah, gotta hate those two.
And we can dip our roastwood.
Believe everything we did.
And the state run new.
Blood war and forth, cornbread.
We love your escalade.
A roof and tiny bush, venue.
That's a USA.
We don't like to see our jobs.
Oh, a bad economy's good.
We're vaccinated by jail.
No, we've no stupid rules.
All the hour is to see the acts of patriotism way.
And everybody's turning back.
Let's get to the USA.
Well, you're going to love this.
The Hercules, California city council will consider whether to use eminent domain to rest a 17 acre property from Walmart stores in.
After the rise in largest retail, rejected the city offer to buy the site with use of San Pablo Bay city officials said yesterday.
The council last day resolution of necessity.
We brought for it to the for discussion.
City manager Mike Sakamoto said the matter has been put on the kind.
I wonder if he's kind to who's a guy that's in sukiyaki.
Oh, he was Sakamoto.
Something like that.
I wasn't sukiyaki.
That wasn't the song.
Is that the song?
You got it.
You suck a moto.
Boy, am I on top of it?
Or a top of it?
I'm in my gym.
Oh, and you're on top of it too, man.
It was on Capitol workers.
With a political label, I remember.
What year?
Oh, I was cooking.
63.
Oh, jeez.
I don't have anything before 60.
Oh, that's it.
Like I said, 57.
The matter has been put on the council's May 23rd agenda while my brought about the property overlooking central Hercules November.
After another developer, we see city approval for neighborhood shopping center.
That's good.
They're grabbing, man.
Oh, it's been about eminent domain stuff.
You heard about this business about like, swatter rights.
You've heard that term.
Correct.
Bokeh Brian used it in that last bit.
They're the anthem bit.
I heard that.
In Netherlands, that are about any other countries that the laws are.
But in the Netherlands, like when I had my apartment, I used only like, you know, a couple of months out of the year.
And my funky landlord.
It's pretty interesting because being as cheap as he was, I'm surprised you wanted to spend the electric.
The 10 cent a year.
But they make sure that they have like a light on a timer that goes on so it gives the appearance that there's somebody living in there because.
The law allows squatters.
If you find an empty property that isn't inhabited, you can go in and just take it over.
Well, that's pretty stupid.
I'm serious.
Oh, it is pretty stupid.
But I'm just telling you that it's the law.
It's the law.
It's the legal crack house.
No, they can just come in there if they can get in.
Squat.
And they can squat.
Kind of like Oprah, you know.
She was squatting in shootings.
Oh, man.
Squat rhymes with...
Don't you get it, Gary?
Squat rhymes with...
I don't want to say.
Pot.
What's your take on the Hank Neill crossover at 10?
Now that episode was very disappointing.
You build it up so that you can see the reason that it was built up so it took you so day low to get it.
No, no.
Josh, did you see that one?
Of course.
Yeah, I see them all.
And you thought that was really that great?
I thought it was very funny.
It was okay.
Well, you know, after you watched the Tom Cruise and John Travolta in the closet one, it's like...
I thought it was going to be...
Everything else pales in Wednesdays and weekends, yeah.
Hey, Tommy and John.
You fairy.
Remember Tommy John?
In fact, I think I'm going to have Tommy John's surgery.
Oh, there's a Kentucky...
Oh, that's not it.
That's the standard new bits.
Watch your words.
Oh, I see.
I must be about those again.
What is John?
I don't know.
What do you do?
It's John's about the Kentucky Day.
Oh.
Oh, that was exciting.
And of course, here's a promo for Wolflisgrig in the situation room.
The situation room.
Man, I'd like to see Jack Haferty, of course, they're not in the same place, but maybe he'll visit one day.
The storm in the studio and just punch him out.
When you love that, I'd pay to watch that.
I'd do a PPV on that.
Pay-per-view.
150.
I would do just a PP on it.
What's your take on the crossover, Neil and Hank at 10?
156 votes.
I love it.
Don't stop.
51.
Start at 9.50.
Do it till 10.35.
That's an excellent idea.
It's not going to happen.
It is not.
I'm telling you, I know the way they format that a board of these a board of shows.
They can make anything happen that they would.
But they're not good.
No, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
I know what I said.
They can make anything happen.
See, these are the people, the same people that told Norma can't that they couldn't.
You don't have a point.
They couldn't do the thing with your deal.
And guess what?
Like Norma said, it's not that you can't do it.
You won't do it.
You have all the ability to do it, but you don't want to do it.
And of course, that's Joyce again.
If Joyce doesn't get her thumb out of our ass, I'm going to tell you right now that there is going to be some real hell flying in the amounts to come.
You'll see, especially if you've got low nails.
I'm telling you right now, we want Joyce's thumb out of our collective ass on the show.
Get that bitch out.
She's got four thumbs.
They got FCC attorneys in Washington who actually understand the laws, understandables it might be.
And they're a hell of a lot more qualified than that bitch to be just picking and choosing what we can say or if it's we can put our nose in it.
You know, the hell with you, honey, you wouldn't know a radio if somebody stuck four thousand of them up your ass.
And in the other something, I think they have to start right now.
It's okay to cross over 31.
Get rid of it.
I hated 15.
It's getting pondrified 13.
I don't listen to it 11.
So negative, you got like seven by 24%.
Which that sounds like overwhelming repositive, but when it's negative 24%.
That's 24% of our audience.
See what I'm saying?
Oh, I just did something.
Boom.
Yeah, I got my finger caught in that thing.
Oh, that's it?
I don't know.
Maybe Hank and I will discuss it on Monday.
Huh?
Okay.
Two old fat Jew friends talking crap.
No, because I, you know, it doesn't appear that it's benefiting him in any way, but then again it doesn't start.
It doesn't start till almost 10 o'clock.
Right.
Now 9.50 maybe would have been a maybe attempt at a point.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
Holy cow.
Neil Rogers is right.
The Cubs start.
I have strong confidence in Don Runs.
So I hear the voices, but I'm the decideder.
And I decide what is best and what best is for Don Runsville to remain as the Secretary of Defense.
You want me staying here?
I'm not going to dump them.
I don't care what anyone says.
I hate going to bump them.
You want me to accent for screwing up Iraq?
What I'm going to keep them for staying on my track?
I know I've kept Janie who shoots his own buddies.
I know that New Orleans is still free money.
You say I'm a moron or a prima donna, but I'm the commander.
I do what I want.
I'm the decideder.
I don't have to face straight.
I don't care what you say.
You're not going to stop me.
I'm the decideder.
I'm keeping rummage.
I will decide and keep on deciding.
The mind's a final decision.
And Don Runsville is doing a fine job.
Oh yeah, he's doing it, baby.
Make no mistake about it.
145 at 560 WQM.
Representative Patrick Kennedy holds a news conference at 3 this afternoon.
I'm sure we interrupting our programming for that.
170 votes on that crossover.
We got our thousand and some easy.
No problem.
Just keep that in mind, guys.
Whoever have trouble getting to be a thousand will just change the pool.
Sure.
And add them all together?
Right.
Well, what do you mean add them all together?
How else do you do it?
Let's subtract them.
Oh.
FMQB says we've reported yesterday that Senator Bill Fist is attempting to bring back the
House of Representatives version of the Indecency Bill that calls for major increases in fines
against blog castes.
Fist was reported attempting and reportedly attempting a hotline a version of the Indecency
legislation which is already approved by the House.
He was trying to hotline it, meaning the Senate would pass it quickly.
However, it looks like his quest for a quick vote made with resistance from both Republicans
and Democrats yesterday.
Thanks, Scott.
There are multiple problems on both sides.
Fist spoke someone, Amy Call told Reuters.
He wanted to start the process of moving the bill forward.
Call said lawmakers would not try to resolve the concerns that are holding up the vote.
A parrots watchdog group earlier this week criticized Senate Commerce Committee chairman,
the anxious Ted Stevens, for failing to whack more quits beyond the House bill, which has passed
more than a year ago and would boost Indecency fines as much as $500,000 of violation
joists.
Fist moved bypassed the committee for a Senate floor vote.
Stevens had been holding off on legislation because he wanted to give the broadcasting industry
a chance to police itself before passing more indecency regulations.
Stevens said he would not object to first move.
A real fist.
What a foamy man.
Not everybody's Tennessee goody-two shoes just like Al Gore's wife man, just like a little
tipper.
Boy, oh boy.
I think we ought to hook up tipper with the joists.
I bet you the two of them bitches got a good time together.
Oh, sure.
Oh, God.
Can you just envision it right now?
Makes me sick.
Well, here's that story about Kirby Puckett.
Those closest to baseball, Hall of Famer Kirby, Puckett are involved in a dispute over who
should keep his cremated remains.
He was fat.
We split up.
Huh?
Split it up.
There's a lot of people around.
Yeah, they should be behind to go around, you're right.
Puckett 45, died March 6th at a hospital in Arizona after suffering a stroke a day earlier
at his home in Scottsdale.
His body was later cremated in Twin Cities as actions have been kept at local funeral
home.
Attorneys are trying to agree.
Boy, I tell you one thing, man.
His ass must have weighed 600 pounds.
Attorneys are trying to agree on whether the former Minnesota twins' actions should be
given to his two children or divided another man, or perhaps involving his fiance, Jody
Olson, who was living with Puckett when he died.
She probably was the reek cause.
Olson had said that she and Puckett planned to wed in June.
Puckett got divorced several years ago from time to Puckett, the mother of his children,
Captain and Kirby Jr.
I used to sell Kirby back in cleaners when I was in college.
You really?
How'd you do it?
Actually, I didn't sell them.
I set up the appointments for the guy I was going to say.
I was going to say, you were giving away knives.
Oh, I had a Kirby salesman come to the house once.
Nidia, you turn him away?
I'm going to afford a Kirby vacuum, you know how much I was in the store?
I was a schlepper.
I was making five bucks an hour.
Yeah, but that's the only thing about Kirby though, it sucks.
It does.
Really?
I mean, nothing is powerful.
God.
Like to put Joyce's leg just in one of those two.
I was just in the two.
Attorneys for both sides met Wednesday and Minneapolis unable to reach agreement.
This is just unbelievably frustrated time to Puckett, so they speak not to be ever
matured.
My kids have been through so much.
Olson's brother-in-law, Mike Jacob, said she has made requests for a portion of their
remains.
Yeah, I think Josh had his thumb in it.
They can make everybody happy.
Spread it around a little bit.
Give some to the kids.
Give it to a mommy.
Give it to this one.
The girlfriend.
The ex-wife.
What?
Why?
Jesus, you know, life is as short enough as it is.
Why waste your time in aggregate arguing over whose ashes you're going to get, huh?
Well, what are they going to do with them?
Maybe put them in an ash tray?
Put them in one of those urns on the mantle piece, here or something like that.
Sure, but they're foreheads on ash Wednesday.
But now that's a good idea.
I smeared Kirby Puckett on my forehead and asked Wednesday.
Now, now, do I go to heaven?
No, he's going to be gone.
That's like everybody else.
People smearing it.
You know, after all these years, I don't know how I've ever missed that in the past, because
I know we've always called it ash Wednesday.
Maybe you just thought those people were hairy-crisis.
No, I just can't believe that, like, I know that fanatics get skis, they do anything
you tell them.
But like, rational living and breathing people, of course, if they were rational, they
would be supporting this madness in the first place.
This whole business about democracy for Iraq, those people over there, they're like living
in another century.
They're living like in the 12th century, BC.
And we're going to try and like, civilize them, you know?
Speaking of unscivilized people, conservative King Rush Limbo opened his talk show Monday
with an account of the Grimini Struck with prosecutors and his quick trip to the Palm
Beach County, jail Friday.
There was no arrest, there was no handcuffs, there was no perp walk.
There was no charge, said Limbo, prompting the messages, public relations pros of telegraphs
since Friday that he was not arrested.
But according to the agreement signed in finalized Monday, there is, of course, a charge with
holding information from a practitioner, doctor shopping, a felony, hangover is hand.
And according to a jail official, Limbo, surrender, and a warrant and his booking are the jail,
certainly is in arrest.
It's all semantics that Captain Mark Chamberlain, a jail supervisor, I wonder if he's
keen to Richard Chamberlain.
You're fairie.
A jail supervisor by whether a person who surrenders can be called arrested, but it's
definitely going to be count in our bookings statistics, as an arrest, he said.
Limbo's trip to the jail may also be remembered by local defense attorneys as a booking,
booking land, land speed record.
This is chopped off on the edge.
Limbo, by his own estimation, was book printed and smiling for his mug shop all within
half an hour, standard way time for anybody else, a class of attorney say at least six,
more like eight to ten hours.
I like that.
You'll quick in and out.
Which I'm sure, you know, Darren's getting used to that.
190 votes on the pool that crossed over this and I don't know what the hell that George started.
This all up on this become that's right.
I started it.
I don't know where the one about the whole.
Hopefully those sports talk ratings are on my God.
It's just yeah, well, once they hit when the NBA championship, you know, once everybody gets
really into once we all start wearing it, I see sleeve in the icy patch.
183 votes on the pool on the second pool.
That's pretty good.
What time did we put that up there?
Oh, I don't know.
Lunish moon 30.
New years.
Right.
Eduardo Munoz, pretty good.
Jackie.
Oh, the CIA director resigned that we were anticipating from the White House.
We are learning that Porto, Michelle, Central Intelligence Agency Porter Doss is resigning
before he took over as director of the CIA.
He is a former congressman.
He's an idiot.
Even before that he.
Porto, Michelle, Doss totally incompetent.
In fact, remember he was the one to say he was never was incompetent enough to be directed.
And that's why I named him.
He's moving out.
What's your take on the neo-hank crossover at 10 o'clock?
183 votes.
I love it.
Don't stop.
62 and I'll stop now.
Start at 9.50 till 10.41.
It's OK.
35.
Get rid of it.
I hate it.
16.
It's getting Honduras 15.
And I don't even listen to it.
14.
Be sure to tune in Monday and find out what we decide.
So in fact, let's have a management there too.
Let's have asked the program director.
This is Neil Roger.
We're just asking the mix.
He's 5.16.
Q.A.X.
OK, that's the end of that.
Almost the end of this.
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.
What a week, huh?
This has been pressure pack week.
Thanks for those great ratings, which are as well in spectacular, but we're proud to be number three.
It's better number 18.
And sure is how well better number 28.
Number 28 between 2 and 4.
That's the QM revolving door.
Let's open every revolving door very slowly and see what kind of a sound comes out.
Oh, wow, man.
That's kind of like the movie Boogie Man I was talking about.
Right?
I called a Barry Watson yesterday and said, hey, let's Boogie Man.
And he just hung up the phone.
I don't know what he meant by that.
I thought I had to close that program already.
It plays a more KC.
Oh, you're on your Boogie Man?
Hey, KC.
You're friends.
That's OK.
Tony was in my house there one time.
And always put it over looking.
Then you didn't even get the autographs.
There's autographs.
No, I did not.
Anyway, we got Geldie coming up next.
And then we got Mad Dog, a quarter-deck and sunrise.
And then some Marlon crap.
Right, right, right.
