I'm going to do my 16,
tell you to be ready,
or I'll get a horse,
or that echo baby.
Well...
Grab my junior, honey.
My name is Jose.
This is a new Spanish version of the song.
Ola, I saw this.
Hey, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby.
I play, let us ride,
and the rooma roll, rooma.
I ride, let's ride, my child,
like a lady,
three times.
I ride with the boat,
face of the day,
two feet cold.
I have moved your
body air,
but I don't think
you move you somewhere.
Like you don't go up,
you're high.
What can you do to reach your
own head?
I'll straighten my head
and fly,
and really start over to the day.
Hey, baby, baby,
I have moved your
smelly feet and three
times.
Thank you, baby.
Exactly, 10-1-5-60-WDQ.
I'm happy when they do.
They made the turn.
We got on later on.
Oh, we got Gildi again.
Gildi is too.
Eric agreed the voice
that he had to talk to her teeth.
How about those heat last night, huh?
They pulled it out.
Why were they losing?
For a little bit there, yeah.
No, I don't pay attention to that crap.
I see the Marlins lost again last night.
They're in the 6,000.
6,000, 6,000, 6,000, 6,000,
52 announced.
And of course the excuse being,
well, the heat we're playing at home last night before
a sellout crowd.
Of course, what was the excuse tonight before that when the heat
weren't playing at home away or in between?
6,000, 6,000, 6,000, 52, and another blown lead is the Marlins
continue losing and losing.
We lost that stadium.
Quite a little very jackass.
Now, yesterday, very right that things are looking real good
for that new highly ideal and new stadium.
And then today, he writes that they're looking at several
sites in San Antonio.
They're playing this little dog in Ponygain.
The only problem being, David, that nobody cares.
Don't you understand?
Nobody cares.
You put a bunch of little leaders out there in the field
and pretended it's majorly baseball.
And they're, what, 6,000, 17 now?
That's correct.
Would that be the correct number?
6,000, 17?
Well, that's pathetic.
I think they may have even surpassed Kansas City.
I couldn't be wrong about that for the worst record all the major leagues.
But if not, they're right in the toward the rhythm.
They're on the way.
They're on the way out.
6,000, 17, a holy moly.
They can't win a fixed game.
6,000, 6,000, 52.
But anyway, we want to get two sports intensive because they get this audience
really, really upset.
As a matter of fact, sports talk radio, I got a big announcement for you.
Across the street, they're going to go to Chinese melodies starting next Monday.
And we're going to be, what, something with a bigger audience?
Is that what you're saying?
And we're going to be doing 20-hour transmitter maintenance
and still get a bigger number than we did yesterday.
Boy, that was really...
Although Clarence says that here's the take for management.
Oh, we're fine.
That's what Clarence said.
Have no fear.
Everything's under control.
Now what he said?
Have no fear.
Actually, I'll tell you what he said before the show this morning.
Yeah.
And I said, well, what does that mean?
And he said,
Yeah!
But it beep, but it boop, but it boop, but it boop, but it boop, but it boop, but it boop, but it boop, but it boop.
That's what he said.
Here's the poll from yesterday.
How did illegal alien day on Monday affect your ass?
Not at all.
The 11th, we had 1,622 votes.
For those who keep track, keep the stats.
Not at all, 1160.
Much less traffic, 270.
In other words, keep doing it.
I spent extra money just out of spite just to piss off those beeners.
79.
I hate this poll 37.
Didn't go to work 29.
Didn't go shopping 18.
You go shopping?
Did you happen to have business 16?
Worst traffic, 11.
There must be the people in a homestead.
Or the people in the areas where they're like all the protesters in the flag waivers,
waving their Mexican and Argentinian and what was we found yesterday?
Oh, a Nicaragua.
A Nicaragua in flags.
Those blue and white ones.
And didn't go to school three.
Where do you want to learn much anyway?
That's a great story of somebody faxing.
I'll get to that in a minute.
One thing about American education, man.
It's an oxymoron.
All these kids are clear.
They couldn't find their ass with both hands.
That's the most exciting part of the whole of that study.
They keep doing these studies.
And they find out that Americans are dumb, especially American kids.
They don't know what else they're going on.
Somebody died though.
Somebody very well known, even though George and Josh have no idea who was.
We were talking just yesterday about those powdered wigs like George Washington used to wear.
And Tom Jefferson.
And their founding fathers.
No, maybe that's why we got all these problems today.
Our founding fathers used to wear powdered wigs.
That could be.
I think James Madison wore powdered wigs as well.
What was that powder made of?
Ask Whitney.
She'll tell you.
Ask Darrell.
Long time TV host, Lewis Rookhizer, dead at 73.
Oh my God.
Lewis Rookhizer, bestselling author, columnist, lecturer, and TV host, delivered pun-filled, common-sense commentary on complicated business and economic news.
That yesterday he was 73.
It didn't look a day over 100.
Rookhizer died at his home in Greenwich after a long battle with multiple Maya Loma, a rare bone marrow cancer, said his brother, Bud Rookhizer.
This buds for you.
As host of Wall Street Weekly Lewis Rookhizer on pubic TV from 1970 until 2002, and it can't be as good as he was getting to be older than a fossil, Rookhizer took a raw approach to the ups and downs in the marketplace and urged guests to avoid jargon.
He brought finance and economic stortener reviewers and investors, which rewarded with the largest audience in the history of financial journalism, even bigger than Lou Dobbs when he was on CNBC, which I've even known he was on CNBC.
No, of course if I watched CNBC.
On the gambling channel, before he became your big hero, he grazed to the tube, CUBE!
A blend of warmth, wit, irreverence, trusting, intellect, and large doses of charm, plus the credibility of a Walter Cronkite, my name magazine wrote in a cover story.
Rookhizer also won numerous awards and honors including a citation by People Magazine as the only, and this may be the funniest line I've written in my lifetime.
A citation by People Magazine is the only sex symbol of the dismal science of economics. He was about as sexy as a dog turd.
No matter the fact, I've seen some, well, I don't want to get too graphic. I get into it too deeply, but if he was sexy, man, I'd like to know the people who found him.
Of course, People Magazine, they have a difficult time finding out who's sexy and who's not. I even noticed I'd even waste my money going out and buying that Friday,
they're just the people of Magazine with a hundred hottest people in the world. They're just full of crap.
I think somebody pays to be on that list.
Next they'll be putting the beast in there, who by the way is a chronic trouble maker when the Schmidt's just doing it right to her in a long time ago.
He has a boyfriend, Robert.
But we like that.
What? We like that he's a person.
Well, maybe you like it. I don't know. It's part goes with the territory. It fits right in.
Running around and building, waddling around this morning announcing that the man did me yesterday wasn't all that disappointed with the ratings because it's not important that we succeed,
but that the guys across the street fail even worse and they certainly did. And also they expected to be a lot worse.
How it could have been worse beats the hell out of me if you missed the ratings yesterday, believe me, you don't want to know.
I want to know more than that fan.
Huh? Or they out for down, I don't even know yesterday was a blur to me.
Was it really? Yeah. Well, I could I could play a fart sound, but that probably be the end of us.
No, that was sum it up in one sound. Oh, sorry, a little raspberry slipped right out.
How a little one one's one from off.
We got a squeaky leather chair there.
Yeah.
Slip it out.
800 what?
Well, sometimes you can't control what's happening with your body like when I'm bad neck anybody out there got a bad neck.
Maybe I need a neck brace. Maybe got it to tumor.
My mom has a bad neck.
This she really sorry yesterday, well ever since her accident.
I want to have an accident. I still think it's partly because it's neck and shoulder and neck and shoulder.
You ever wash your hair with that neck and shoulders? Just this mortise.
But anyway, I think it's from the plane all those machines.
Well, I think it's too much of that. It's like it's it's comparable to carpal tunnel syndrome that people get from from tapping on computers to our after our day after day.
And they went up with a carpal tunnel syndrome.
Right.
And sometimes they get those real bad narrowed hands, you know, maybe I'll have a narrowed neck.
So I just I don't know. I have no idea if I can be this this is the end my friend. I don't know. Probably ain't nothing.
Ain't much to do about anything.
Sure is a pain in the neck though.
819 votes on today's pool already. Well, I think we might make a thousand Josh.
This probably be very important for your bonus.
Oh, yeah.
Well, no, Josh quarters had a written he was very clever. He had a written into his bonus that for every day we had a thousand votes or more during the show on the pool, he gets the next 1000 bucks.
Isn't that what it says?
I'd be very happy man.
Yeah. Then then you really be pushing the audience man. You'd be right now. You'd be screaming. Get on there and vote.
You'd be just wild. But of course since there's nothing in fact you don't have a contract. Now how's your deal coming?
They finally sperm that all up. Yes, they did. Did they really?
I mean it hasn't started yet, but yet it's ready to go.
No, no, I'm ready to go. Doesn't it?
No, you know, something like listen, that's like sitting down to the dinner table and saying, well, where's Charlie?
You know, well, it's ready to go. Okay.
It's good.
Put it on the table. Okay. I can't eat it. I can't eat your words. Okay.
Ready to go doesn't cut it for me. Well, it's in the kitchen ready to be served.
But you know, there's things that I need to do still since I was over on the other side of the building and I can't just stop doing right.
Like what? I'm sure Jeff is waiting for that second one.
Yeah.
Maddie needs some servicing too. I understand.
Yeah, that's what I'm hearing.
In fact, I heard that they lowballed Josh in the country.
I don't know what that term meant, but I think I have a pretty good idea.
Or one hand was lower than the other, you know? No, really. Sometimes.
Well, Tom Green's jealous. He only wishes he had that problem.
And who's the other one? A John Croc? And I see that's bad. Why make fun of guys who have one testicle?
Who knows? Maybe I got a testicle in my neck. I have no idea what I got going.
That could be the third card. Maybe I got a third testicle growing in my neck. I don't know.
I know it's not not all that much fun. I want to know what is stuff I went and bought yesterday.
I got rid of that bend gay because that stuff, first of all, didn't seem to be helping them.
But, secondly, it smells like I like it.
But you don't want to walk around smelling like bend gay.
I'm trying to get on the smell too.
I think that's the Tylenol.
No, I got some.
No, no, the screen you smear.
What the hell is it called? My, my offlex? I don't know. I'll get it.
I get the tube during the wave.
And then I also got that Tylenol, you know, which there's nothing but cover up whatever it is.
But that's good.
824 votes. What's your take on sports talk radio?
Wow, what a controversial poll.
How dare you do that? I'm especially on this station. You piece of crap you.
I listen occasionally 179. We got 824 already.
Let's get that thousand there, suggestion, get this $50 million and then write it around.
No, then you'll be sending me a check.
Hey, for every thousand votes, if I got a grant, I would send you a check.
From how much?
50.
50 bucks.
50 bucks for every thousand?
Yeah.
And I'm working to get to the thousand votes.
That's not much of a deal.
How about a hundred?
Alright, half. Let's get it done.
Half.
Woo!
Man, he is getting really generous with fantasy money.
Well, it's easy to be generous with money that you don't have.
That's right.
I'm going to send you both $10 million.
I like that.
I would lottery, I'm going to build a solid gold colossus.
No, if I won a lot, I would take good care of everybody.
Because that's where I am.
I would take care of all my friends and even you guys.
A little bit.
Not too much.
And of course, chicken neck.
I'd take good care of him.
I'd send him the most.
Because I feel sorry for him.
Because he's just very talented.
The word for him is pathetic, you know?
Great guy, but pathetic.
Two teenagers shot near only high school in Philadelphia.
That's just in their breaking news on CNN with Mrs. Limbaugh.
Pop another one, Darren.
You bitch.
833 votes.
I listen occasionally to sports talk 180.
It's run its course, they'll all schmit 135.
Oh, a little goes a long way, 128.
It's like fudge, you know, it's good, but it's so sweet that a little goes a long way.
I love it.
I listen to a lot.
125.
15%.
They love sports talk radio.
15%.
That's not what I call ringing endorsement.
So if you add that to, I listen occasionally.
That's about 36%.
Not too good.
It's for sports nerds only 108.
I hate it like poison 94.
I hate sports 46.
And I hate this pool 17.
But I assure a lot of hate there in those last three categories, you know what?
We hate it.
We hate you.
We hope that Neil's got a big tumor in his neck.
We hope you all die in the audio, but you all have a nice day now.
Like Mike Siegel, man, was that guy a jerk or what back in the WS News days?
He'd get a hate call and some guy would just rip him an ass, just rip the, and rightfully so by the way.
And he would say, well, if that's your attitude, you're entitled to your opinion.
And thank you very much for your call and hang up on him.
Why would you say thank you very much for your call to somebody just ripped you an ass?
I don't know.
Your sad.
Yeah, you're pathetic, Mike Siegel.
Traject.
I wonder if he solved the problems of the medical profession yet.
You know, sometimes it's the things you can see that can hurt you that are real pain in the arouss.
In South Florida for 28 years, and I've been using for over 21 myself, dry concepts is the best of dry cleaning carpets.
And when you dry clean your carpets, you really can clean the day entertained tonight.
That's how fast they dry.
Carpets stay clean or longer, too.
Most of you residue will left behind.
And with over 50,000 satisfied customers, I guarantee you won't be alone.
You'll have plenty of company.
Let me remind you that dry concepts are also the experts in water damage restoration.
Keep that in mind during the upcoming hurry cane season.
Certified technicians get you out of the mold zone in minutes, too, not days.
And dry concepts get your own business dry within 24 to 72 hours.
It's guaranteed.
And to top it all off, dry concepts has got a state of the art.
Orianna rug cleaning plant.
It's the only one in South Florida on site that's dedicated to keeping your expensive area rug looking like just brand new, like you just bottom and type them on your flow.
So be yourself a big favor and call dry concept today.
Nobody does it better and they give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start to work, too.
How can you beat that?
1-800-248-5071ets.
They're toll free number and date, brown, and the Palm Beach is two.
Call 1-800-248-5071.
Be sure to tell them that crusty old Neil Tordidikah, no remember who I am.
Nobody else does, but they will.
Or log onto their website at dryconcepts.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62-8.
That means a month.
That's a good name.
Myoflux, myoflux, I wish me the whole birthday.
They have all the work they need to keep their gas low in.
Nothing more than to look for the clean.
No one's a controlling.
That's a ridiculous job.
A couple of things in the chat.
Now these items share are screwing you on.
Make me make me have the company make me price up a dollar.
It's higher each time.
Make me make me have the company make me.
They're making profits.
That is all time high.
Open world of middle class.
The fanichens rise in the air.
No balls to say you push this fast.
It's over we have.
Welcome.
You hear new spin every day.
A championship just arrived.
Gouging the price.
Highest the price.
Make me make me have the company make me.
They raise the price.
Highest they like.
Make me make me every one of them pay street.
That's something that's right.
That's something that's right.
That's something that's right.
All right.
It's 10.21 at 5.50.
That was I think the sponsor Uncle Mildee.
I recall it years ago.
About 100 years ago.
Uncle Mildee.
Is he dead?
Yeah, he did.
Mr. Television man, Uncle Mildee.
You should dress up and drag.
That was one of his big things.
853 votes on the pool.
I think Josh is safe today.
He can come back again tomorrow.
As far as your deal is concerned, George.
He helped.
Well, I got that email from Norma because he continues to bug in me with that crap.
Did I say that they leave me out of it?
You two guys handled together.
Of course you called him like you were supposed to.
I left a message that is a word.
If it's needed, return your call.
And then this morning you emailed him and didn't.
You didn't.
Yes, you did.
I said, and the email said, George is leaving messages and emailing you and don't return his messages.
But it beat it.
Norma has got your contract.
He's just that he's, I don't know.
And you know, the sad part of it is I was going to pay him an extra grand to do your deal.
Get it done.
But now I'm thinking, I don't know.
Especially now that I'm getting that hockey money reimbursement.
Now that the check is in a mail, thinking to myself, well, why the hell should I do that?
Why should we give him any money?
The way he's dragging this fee.
You know, respond.
You respond, you idiot.
Quick bug in me with it, Norma.
You silly ass queen for crap out loud.
I think you're right.
That's right.
That's wrong with you.
He's just looking to get me to talk about him on the air again because he's on a station that's even got lower numbers than us.
I tell you we're on the way to that though.
I don't even know what station he's on anymore.
He ain't on that a50 no more.
He got the motor to some station.
It's like 2800 on the AM dial off the edge.
Yeah, he's mirrored my myoflex.
I got the maximum strength baby 20 20 concentration.
Maximum.
What's the what's in there?
Is it like ask for cream?
What's the active?
I think you're pardoned.
You know, ask for the anger.
I know it's just made by bearer.
Oh, yeah.
I know it's good.
It's been tested on juice.
Yeah.
That's what I'm saying.
I'll probably be dead in a half an hour.
Fast absorbing pain relief rub.
And the only good part of it.
Well, I mean, it's pretty good.
It has no strength.
It doesn't stink like it does.
Actually, the same consistency is been gay.
Gay.
But it doesn't stink.
You don't have to smell like an old person.
You want to know the ingredients?
Oh, listen, I'm just going to say I'm not an active person.
In other words, what's the pain reliever this in there?
How does it?
I don't see any ingredients on here.
It probably was on the box, which I've learned since the Schmidt
can.
Oh, no, let's see.
It's got...it's triethanolamine.
Solicitate.
I'd probably know.
What a crack that...
And if you don't like it, you can squeeze somebody
or gas tank real cheap.
Anyway, I'm shivering in it and my neck is...
It's just one of those things.
So the audience could do now is they can all gather around a radio
with it.
Now that I'm an old fart, I'm almost a senior citizen officially.
And listen to my aches and pains every day.
Oh, gee, my shoulders come.
My neck is so bad.
Do you have any creaky gravely joints?
You know that you can do that by the front up too?
Not yet, but if I did, I'm sure you'd smoke them.
You know it.
5, 6, 7, come on.
Let's find out the new schedule for a cue.
And we want the new lineup, because management admits that they haven't
got any idea what to do, although.
Clarence this morning was making threatening sounds like they might have
something in place, although he doesn't know what it is.
And what else did he say?
Oh, that's where he said just among us girls in here.
So we're not saying anything.
Well, he didn't tell us anything.
So there's nothing I can repeat.
You know, see, if somebody says don't repeat something, I won't repeat it.
But he didn't tell us anything in the first place.
So if you're going to say don't repeat anything, and just among us buddies here in the
room, and then don't say anything, what will tell us that?
You know, and the reason he's not telling us anything, he doesn't know anyhow.
He ain't got a clue.
I mean, he's a nice kid, you know, but he's just, he's what he is, man.
He's just a silly sports guy.
A sports nerd.
He's the epitome.
If you look, I was forced nerd in the dictionary.
You'll see him and Robert Grieper side by each naked.
Am I correct?
Oh, I'm not arguing.
No.
Side by each naked is a jabird.
And that's pretty sad.
WDQA and hello.
Good morning.
Yes.
Hey Neil, how are you?
Okay.
One thing, if that doesn't work, try this product that I use, and it works fantastic.
And you could see it again, it's called mineral ice.
Mineral ice, right?
That used to be a sponsor years ago.
It said blue stuff in a jar.
Yep, and it's fantastic.
It really works, but it only is.
I get a cool put it on after a shower.
Why is that?
It just burns really hard.
It burns.
It burns?
Yeah.
And one other thing, I think, is on the last minute.
Well, wait a minute.
This is very important.
Now, this is my life and my health we're talking about.
Do you have neck and shoulder pain?
I have, I have pains everywhere from working physical construction.
No, you're not.
And this stuff really works.
I've tried everything.
Okay, I'm going to go on and give me a jar today.
It really works well.
And another thing is, I was on your website, and it looks like that weird picture where you're flipping the birds, all the sales people.
It looks like your head is like sitting on your puppet.
Doesn't even look like you have a neck.
Where it sits.
Now it's sitting in my fatter days, I guess.
I don't know.
I don't know, but hey, stop pulling that machine so hard.
That's what's doing it.
That's how it's pulling.
It's so hard.
Okay, thanks a lot, Pally.
Okay, see there's my doctor.
Okay, we need some medical advice here.
He says mineralized.
That used to be a sponsor back in the WS News days way back when.
That's good stuff.
You're very kind to start for them, right?
No, he doesn't do mineralized.
He does goldbond.
What else that stuff he does?
Goldbond.
And what else does it?
And what else does it?
That has to see.
Oh, I'm sure you've heard of Absorb being junior.
Yes.
Have you ever heard of Absorb being senior?
No.
Or were you just playing Absorb being?
I mean, I must be, I don't know.
I don't like to smell that stuff, anyway.
I've never tried it.
Plus, you apply it with like a little plunger, yes.
Oh, I don't know.
It's a concept of spurn, right?
Absorb being junior.
Oh, well, you listen to me.
What is Absorb being junior?
I don't, I have no idea what that all I'd mean.
Absorb being junior.
Grab my junior, honey.
Yeah, it doesn't work on that either.
27 past 10 at 560 WQM.
We got Geltie at 2 again today.
In spite of those numbers, they came out yesterday.
They were just screaming, screaming for some assistance.
Please, please, throw us a liferap, please.
Poor mad dog.
Mad dog will be on it at 4 o'clock following two hours of...
Oh!
See what the numbers proved beyond the shadow of it out there.
Very, very few people, if any.
Well, I know one.
Very few people that can follow hours of their air
and actually pull a number in there.
Oh.
Hey, maybe you love boating because so many people
in South Florida do.
Well, if you ever thought about buying a boat, stop and listen to this.
Instead of buying and getting yourself involved in a real mess,
call Tabnotico at 1-800-Bolt rent right now.
Why would you want to pay the expenses of owning boats
when you can rent one totally hassle-free?
Join the club at Tabnotico.
Call 1-800-Bolt rent.
You'll be amazed just how easy it is.
No docking costs, no expensive upkeep, no insurance, or...
I don't want to say it, but it's coming soon.
No hurricane preparation.
With the boat from Tabnotico, it's totally stress-free
and truly affordable, too.
Call 1-800-Bolt rent.
No getting the boat ready.
Club Notico does that for you.
And no cleaning up either.
They do that as well.
A club Notico just hop on your boat and go
and you don't pull into the dock, you're off and just walk away.
Just walk away.
It's that simple.
Club Notico, call 1-800-Bolt rent.
From unlimited boating to pay as you go small boats to yacht charters,
it's Club Notico.
Call 1-800-Bolt rent at Club Notico.
Tailor applying to fit your needs and your budget.
Don't get your...
You know, I years ago I was going to buy me a boat
and then I found out all the hassles involved in.
Here's the easy way to solve that problem.
Call 1-800-Bolt rent.
Get on the water today with Club Notico.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16.2.8.
The shoulders move.
On a cloud, the orbit's trousers fell down.
Yes, that's more.
Yes, that's more.
The orbit's trousers fell down.
On a cloud, the orbit's trousers fell down.
On a cloud, the orbit's trousers fell down.
On a cloud, the orbit's trousers fell down.
On a cloud, the orbit's trousers fell down.
On a cloud, the orbit's trousers fell down.
On a cloud, the orbit's trousers fell down.
On a cloud, the orbit's trousers fell down.
On a cloud, the orbit's trousers fell down.
Triple Hanks, everyone having sex even more.
Even more.
Ring and boom.
Tott of shoes, get naked.
If you choose to join it.
I'm getting tired of joy on hands.
This thing sounds just like something you see in a girl
for moving.
When Ron Jeremy arrived.
But I'm sorry my friend.
This thing could spell the end for Pomori.
She'd ignore what those Jewish pedographers again.
I Ron Jeremy.
It's 1033, 2074, 1165, 60W, and all.
Because, and see their parents on TV, and their expressions,
it was tough.
It's really tough.
Because you put yourself in that position, you know.
I mean, could it easily have been any one of us?
Well, this is where that lacrosse crap began, they're on.
Yeah, let's get back to lacrosse.
That's the important stuff.
What are you saying?
Right.
I'm going to smear some myoflex on the microphone and see if that helps the ratings next time.
Here, I'm smearin' it.
Ooh, look at that.
5670560 is called Ask the Doctor today.
We got 900 votes on the poll already, boy.
When we get to a thousand, I'm leaving, I'm going to woodbine.
Because you're sick, I got to exercise my shoulder and my arm.
That's right.
Now, don't you think Doctor, that's probably what caused this,
because the shoulder, the neckbone connected to the hipbone, all I crap?
It's entirely possible.
Yeah.
It's possible, but probably you're thinking out how to go to a doctor.
I don't want to do that.
I think it's not going to hurt to work it out, just grab something and do some arm exercises.
Oh, that's definitely the wrong arm for me.
Well, 5670560, pound 560 and leave a rise in singular wireless lines.
70QAM, hello.
QAM.
Oh, okay, there you go.
That's Joyce.
That's Joyce.
I could recognize that Raspberry.
I made it miles away.
Can you smell it?
That was her.
70QAM, hello.
QAM.
President, other it is.
Yesterday afternoon, before your show end, did somebody call them and ask about the public radio stations rating?
If you have a computer program called Maximizer, you can find out everything you wanted to know about the ratings even more than you wanted to know.
Right, I know that.
It's a good program.
And in closing, I think a good choice for Tutor 4 would be Dick fatherly.
He'd fit right in with all the ozone provocatouric going on there.
Okay, well, I think we got a starting Monday.
There you go.
Tutor 4, and then one thing you got.
One thing about Dick fatherly.
He's an ozone provocateur.
Oh, I love that drop.
That's good.
Yeah, the business going.
Okay, there's somebody in the business I didn't dare ask him who it was because it would be embarrassing to be calling in here.
Of course, everybody in the business does listen here.
They pretend they don't.
He's an old fossil.
He's not funny anymore.
And that show is all he does is read from the newspaper.
And there's a million reasons why they shouldn't be listening, but they are, you know.
I got this one.
We got nothing to be ashamed about.
Now, if you were extrapolated, you wait till the maximizer and the minimizer.
See, we're doing the minimizer now.
We used to do the maximizer.
Now we do the minimizer.
Get those numbers as low as we can.
Well, there's the phone.
I bet my package is downstairs.
I'll probably go down there and get it.
Maybe it's another five cigars for 150 bucks.
Yeah, it doesn't stop facting these five pages.
I'm going to go nuts.
What are they about?
What are they about?
If you told me what they were about, I would mention it, and then we could bonny in the bud.
I'm looking.
Yeah.
On the words you keep Schmitt Cannon.
Oh, yeah.
Well, what are they about?
It's some Yahoo story.
The state's help schools hide minorities' horrors.
Oh, go away, bonny.
Okay.
Stop with all the pseudo-win-electual horrors, grab.
This is just a radio show.
We're not going to stop the problems of the world on this show.
It's just a stupid-ass show, okay, to help you kill four hours every day.
Go back to the light bulb.
Go call up, what's his name?
Rick Spider-Man.
Get out of my face, Bonnie, with your stupid-ass five-page facts.
Put waste in our facts paper.
We've got to keep chopping out a cherry tree with the George Washington.
So you can get in making enough paper to keep printing the facts for your stupid crap.
And she's sending it over and over and over again.
Jesus, God, bonny.
Get clied after her ass.
918 votes already.
It's just barely after 10-30, aren't you impressed?
Okay.
I think my bad posture also has got some villain sitting here.
See, if I would raise the mic up like this, because it's on a stand just like when you got there.
And sit up straight like a real man, which of course would take a lot of money.
Not a big set up you have over there, but you're able to...
Wait, what about that?
You were able to rest your elbows during the show.
Or your arm suspended in mid-air or...
No, my arms are not suspended in mid-air.
What about my...
Like a myriad net, my arms are suspended in mid-air.
What is that?
What kind of vision are...
Boy, go to the buttons.
Huh?
Well, a lot of these...
I don't know what the studio setup is like.
It's just like there.
All right, then.
The unique button.
It's better and smaller.
It's a miniature-wise version of what you've got there only.
It all works here.
And it's not old and crappy later.
Sit up straight, just like Robbie said.
How can you sit up straight when you got this big puppet hanging down here?
Man, that guy was right.
My head is on my puppet.
Maybe you could get a gut rest.
WQIM, hello.
Do you see the right up?
How I'm just gonna give you?
No, I did not.
You're in the paper.
No, I did not.
I doubt it.
I can't get on the sun-centle anyway.
That's so cool.
We don't want to talk to you anyhow, loser.
Okay, go back to Wisconsin, wherever you ran away.
They got some real good powder there, okay?
See, I don't even try to sun-centle reading jikas column anymore because...
By the way, we're having some real internet issues here in the building today.
Really?
Both John and I.
So, yeah.
Like, you click on something to go somewhere and it takes a good two minutes for the paper.
Oh, even the phone, you notice the phone is like a slow-mo.
I pressed the button and like half an hour later something comes up.
Now, I know, I know I'm not gonna be able to get to jikka article on this thing.
So, I was gonna ask you to do it, but if you have an internet issues, I'll get it in like 30 minutes.
That's probably how long it'll take.
Really?
Loading one picture to sound.
Back to where I was again.
My thought was it's solved.
Now, let me try Firefox with a sun-centle because they're definitely having issues too, even though you deny it.
I didn't know I was denying it.
Well, Josh denied it.
He said, oh, I got it right here.
Well, guess what?
I bet you today I get a faster than you do.
Yeah, the web page too, I'm sure.
Yeah.
Well, I'm not guilty.
I got it.
I'm guessing it's, he wrote an article about footies, the last thing he wrote, so I'm opening it to see what's going on.
Oh, yeah.
And what does it say?
Are you out of your mind?
I just opened it.
Okay, well, good.
Then, like I said, you're much faster than I am.
I'm not even gonna try anymore.
The sun-centle website is a piece of garbage.
You're having all sorts of problems.
And it's gotta be them because I'm not having any difficulty with any other website.
Everything comes up under your fat like a lightning.
Like the recel lightning, man.
Look, Christy is singing lightning strikes every time I hit the button.
Except the sun-centle.
He's saying, ah, fat.
How would that thing?
932 votes already.
I think if I chuck my, you know, if I did the old severed head deal, I think I'd feel better.
Just chuck my neck off right about a clavicle.
Is that what they call that thing, your breastbone, your clavicle?
Or is that in my wrongs?
That's what I call it.
Well, no, seriously, what is the clavicle?
I don't know.
Oh, come on, man.
You go to that school.
You're supposed to be set still little into an intellectual knowing how to use the useless garbage, man.
I'm just gonna say a stupid old schmuck.
Which, by the way, all you got in here is a sentence.
The saying.
You know, there's a tiny paragraph that says, Rich Shaw has also been in the market for 45 years.
But with several stations and the same goes for Neil Rogers, who recently celebrated his 30th anniversary.
Oh, thank you so much, Tom.
Oh, you know, just because you had 30 years in a market doesn't mean you're gonna get your name in the newspaper.
Says, Tom, little bald-headed Tommy.
At least he's writing something about that, isn't it, a puff piece?
Now, is the whole article about footies?
Is that what it is?
Yes.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, my God.
What age, yo?
Nice going, Tommy.
That is a panic.
19 to 11 at 5.60.
W.D.2.
And by the way, footies retiring this week after 32 years in a market, he's actually getting blown out.
They're gonna bring an opory in Anthony.
That's the rumor.
That's the facts we had yesterday from the inside, no doubt.
They're putting on opory in Anthony because footies just turned 185.
And he's, you know, on a station trying to appeal to teenagers.
Yeah, somewhere he's missing the demographic.
I mean, with me, I'm 105 years old.
But at least I'm talking to a lot of old parts.
And even the young people sit by an amazement wonder how to how to keep going especially in this horse craft place.
It's just astonishing.
And you know the interesting part about this seriously, and I'm talking about putting the pieces back together again.
Other than me and Eddie Kay, everybody they have on the ears in the wrong time slot.
Okay?
Put that in your pipe and smoke it.
Puff on it big time.
Put a big bowl and just puff until your lungs cave in.
Everybody except me and Ed Kaplan are on the wrong time on this station right now.
And of course we have some people on the ground at all, but that's another story.
18 to 11 at a Q.A.M. Hey, if he tried to pizza and pasta John the Bakers yet,
Duff wants you to try.
He in fact, Duff will probably pick up the tab.
I doubt it, but he might because John the Bakers sensational.
It's the best Italian restaurant this side of the university drive.
Pizza is good as it gets in South Florida.
And now two good locations for you.
They're brand new in the Sterling Town Center Sterling Road just west of Pine Island and Cooper City.
And the classic John the Bakers and Pember of Pine just west of Flamingo in the Home Depot center on Pine's Boulevard.
And speaking of people who have been around for a long time,
John the Bakers have been in town for over 30 years too.
It used to be over there on the Vixie Highway, as they say.
On West Vixie Highway right near that old Taco Bell.
And man, they were serving up great food back then and they still doing the same.
The food is delicious. They give you everything fresh.
Huge portions of all your homemade favorite Italian delights.
Plus with John the Bakers low, low prices, you can take the whole family for lunch for dinner anytime.
And stay well within your budget.
When you call or you're stuck in, be sure to ask for the Neal deal.
Please, it's a large 16 inch pizza, half dozen garlic rolls and two fountain coasters for only 1475.
Tell me that Bluff Lindsay told you to ask for the Neal deal.
Take out or dine in.
In Pember of Pine for take out, call 954-431-4355.
Or in Cooper City 954-252-0091.
Pizza, pasta, veal, chicken parmesan, all your favorite sub sausage and peppers and lots, lots more.
It don't get no better in South Florida than John the Bakers.
This is Neal Roger.
This is by 16QA.
Oh my god, your breasts are beautiful.
Good afternoon. I am Mojave de Davidor.
You're new press secretary.
I welcome my fellow men brains of the press corps.
Let's start with a Helen Thomas.
Helen, you're on the air. Go.
We'll risk your book ever behind that guy down like Mojave me.
I am cannot comment on this ongoing investigation.
I follow up. Go.
Is it you who used to hold the pizza?
I am cannot comment on this ongoing investigation.
And beside, I cannot steal the pizza.
Come in here. But buddy.
I don't see his name.
After all, post on board to play there.
Take a day and let's be in community then Jeff Denon and then with Taylor.
Excuse me.
Who the hell are you?
I'm Tony Snow.
Oh yeah. You played for the ramp, right?
I read you dead.
No, no, that was Jack Snow.
Of course, I could lie about that too and say I did play for the ramp.
I'm not press secretary.
Tell me in over here.
I'm not.
I'll see here.
I got to get a job.
I'm reading this a long, long.
Thanks. You just sent to me from Hermann.
Yeah.
You're a big junior.
Huh?
Oh my god.
I guess I'll read it.
I'm just not going to sit up straight.
I don't get it anybody says straight is just not my.
We just got a strap up board.
You're going to sit up.
Gay.
By the way, speaking of this facts, you know, and interesting.
Tom Jicker wrote something about local radio finally for the first time in about six years.
And also Casey Woods at the hero.
I have no idea who Casey Woods is maybe kind of tiger, but I doubt it.
Probably somewhat lighter.
Complicted Miami radio show finds fans near and far.
And it's about, oh, this is going to really get you.
This is the station you're talking about is WNMA, 1210.
A station you think our numbers are bad.
You can find their numbers with a magnifying glass.
See that, that's a, I thought those colliders were a station, Mr. Ego was on,
but I don't think we even know what station he's on.
I don't know what the colliders are.
But this is says from Miami to Madrid, the eclectic quartet of the El Metro Radio Show,
breathes through a world of news and culture five days a week.
Show director Umberto Rodriguez opens in this particular morning with a pulsing tune
from Colombian sensation Shakira and statistics on sexual harassment in Madrid.
Alejandro Gomez revels in the health secrets of the world's oldest sensation Shakira
and statistics on sexual harassment in Madrid.
Alejandro Gomez revels in the health secrets of the world's oldest women.
And Alexandra Rossi beams about good economic news at Honda.
Julio Cuervo sounds off on US espionage in Latin America and Yadi Yadi Yadi.
A new Spanish language radio program online for Colombians and other migrants
goes global with airtime in Madrid and Bogota.
All right.
Proving once again that only in the banana republic in the foreign country of Dave County just goes on and on.
And we already got right here a swabby for the Colombians.
So what do we need this craft for anyway, right?
Right.
Speaking English, okay, speaking English, cut the crap already.
Speaking English, speaker front says not.
Now, well, what is this?
Oh, absorbing veterinary lintimate.
Oh, there isn't absorbing.
Well, how do you like that?
Somebody faxed in the story about that about absorbing and everything in junior air.
It dates back to over a century from a tub in their farmhouse, Wilbur and Mary Ida created
absorbing veterinary lintimate.
Well, maybe I'd run it up rub it on my shins.
Maybe I have quarter cracks.
How do you like that?
Farmers began to realize this product helped humans too.
Just a little bit.
Robed into the muscles and really the aches and pains of hard work.
And we do swallowing and discomfort.
Well, hard working.
I guess it's on those machines.
That's pretty hard work.
Tapin' and tapin' and bangin' and pounding and nothing happens, you know?
And I'll relate to that.
And absorbing in junior.
Well, thanks a lot for whatever you need me.
One of our regular faxes.
See what we're learning today.
It's not even 11 o'clock and we're already getting an education here.
Wait till we get to the article by Doug Thompson on Capitol Blue, George W. Bush and American Hitler.
That's one of my very favorites in a long time.
A third of youths can't find Louisiana on the map.
They can't find their ass with both hands.
God.
That is scary, isn't it?
Mission accomplished.
High Neil and George, I love you guys.
I hope you did well in the ratings.
I'm sorry and was busy in this, we're number one, then.
But you wouldn't have heard it because...
Oh, no.
We're number five and we might actually move up a notch or two.
But don't expect any rating.
I hate it.
It's better than nothing.
Because this station, haven't I been telling you, we're going down to the Titanic.
When you're surrounded by a show that's all there, you know?
You know exactly what I'm talking about.
Pretty hard to follow transmit or maintenance.
First of all, Hank is never on any way, like today.
Like tomorrow, like Friday, he's got bigger fish to fry.
This whole gig for him is just basically like an actor thought.
So when you got somebody like that, putting him on in morning drive,
is probably not the best idea in the world.
Somebody who works like maybe a little bit part time when he feels like it.
And then takes off and goes and plays celebrity golf in the middle of the show.
That probably wasn't the greatest idea.
And my dog now is following two hours of dead air.
And they're discovering that, oh, he can't just jumpstart the audience.
So just by magic.
Yeah.
And these people, but I beat, but like I said, you know, I don't even know what I'm talking about again.
Why don't you get me started?
I'm sorry.
Because after yesterday, I made up my mind, Garnish, Telfon, man.
Just keep taking that money.
Just take whatever they'll send you.
Anyway, I hope you did well.
We didn't.
But as much as I love you guys, the reason you're doing just about everything,
I really have a problem with the way you're handling this illegal immigrant issue,
I can tell you I'm an immigrant.
My father was originally an illegal immigrant.
Well, that's around his ass up.
Maybe his father's dead.
One of the few things you're missing in your argument is that when the shrub talks about jobs that Americans are willing to do,
he's not talking about gardening or picking tomatoes.
He's talking about dying in his endless stupid oil wars.
I didn't know that these people were going off to fight the wars.
See the dead.
Oh.
That's what he's really referring to.
Let me say it again.
I don't think so because I don't see any illegal aliens going off to fight the war.
We don't have a draft and they're not volunteering to go in because they're not citizens anyway.
I would love to debate you on this issue, but I know one won't get the chance.
Here's my take.
What does that mean?
He'd love to debate me.
What does that mean?
What's to debate?
I don't know.
Number one, illegal immigrants are the gays and gay marriage of the 2006 campaign
and you and all the Democrats are falling for Roads' vultures.
Now, the Democrats start falling for it.
They're the ones that are saying we want to amnesty you want.
Well, they're saying all kinds of things.
You know, both sides are.
Yeah.
Both sides are all over the place because they're afraid they're going to piss somebody off and lose votes.
Number two, and I'm not falling for anything.
I've been screaming about this for 26 years now.
I've gone back before Maryl.
Maryl Bolif was a classic example of a non-immigration policy of just chaos gone bad.
I never forget the matter and W.S. News.
I keep... I just can't forget it.
I had members of the State Department from the Reagan administration in 81 and they said they told me off the earth.
They said you better get used to this, you know, because South Florida has been visiting there as the dumping ground for all illegal aliens.
Cubans, the VISTAs, the VISTAs.
In other words, this was part of a plan.
I remember there was a book that I based that discussion.
I had these two guests on there telling me, oh, well, we've already decided that.
This is part of the game plan.
Number two, most people in revulsion of the bad press illegal immigrants are getting or not illegal.
Just outrage that we now have found a large segment of our community.
We can now vet our anger ran.
Another great role for an innovation.
How a role for all of his pimples and warts in crookedness didn't invent this.
Okay.
People have been tired of illegal aliens for a long, long time based on one word illegal.
This isn't the way an immigration policy works especially at a time when supposedly we got this war on terror.
And we got the Department of Homeland Security and we're just waiting for the other shoe to drop another terrorist attack.
We have no idea who these people are and yada yada yada.
We got to secure our borders.
That's why.
Number three.
I guess I better do the break because this goes on.
I'm sure we don't want to interrupt.
Take a break at a breath.
Especially when we get to the part about my family being exiled and about you being born in the US.
Your information is all incorrect.
You know talking about jumping to conclusions.
Were you born in the US?
Me?
No.
It was my family exiled from, no.
I need your side?
No.
So I hear mine, you know, like I haven't I said many, many times in the past.
People sit out there and they listen and they think they know something.
Because they hear words, you know, and therefore right away they know me, they know you, but it means that they don't know anything.
Okay, maybe a wonderful guy.
We're glad that you love us both.
And there's a big juicy, sappy kids for you.
But you're, you're freeman.
1056 at 560 W.
If you haven't speak in a great food like I was only moments ago, here's a really great experience.
And then that's just a meal and experience.
The melting pot where fondue becomes a memorable four-course dining experience where you're doing something totally different.
Because you're, you know, instead of just having them wait on you and bring the stuff to your table, you're actually a participant.
Like being on one of those cooking shows, you know, you dip in your dunk into something really great.
And you have a variety of unique contrasts and special melting pot dipping sauces.
Dip that baby right in there, man.
Imagine starting dinner with the melting pot's renowned cheese fondue served with three different breads, granny Smith apples and crisp veggies.
Next year, choice of salads all with the melting pot's homemade dressings.
Your eye-craves include lobster.
Man, can you imagine, depending on your your retomy, your head lobster or not?
Nope.
You didn't have lobster, or something else?
I did.
We'd say some of it.
Mmm.
You snagged it?
Yes I did.
Filet mignon shrimp, caged in seasoned chicken, pork, portabello, shrooms, duck, and lots more.
The cooked and oil or broth.
And those melting pot dipping sauces are to die for.
And then for dessert, this is the piece of resistance.
The chocolate fondue is unbelievable.
Dip your fresh strawberries, bananas, pineapple, all those red fruits, cheesecake, brownies topped off with tasty marshmallows.
Rolled in crushed Oreos and graham crackers.
And mandatol put you into orbit.
And don't forget, Mother's Day is coming up a week from Sunday.
Sunday made 14 is Mother's Day, and everybody knows that moms love the melting pot.
It's a really unique day.
It's a great treat for her.
And for you too.
So don't get left out, call the day and make your reservations for Mother's Day at the melting pot nearest by you.
You'll find a melting pot in for a lot of the day.
Cross-brings, Boka, North Miami Beach Cooper City, and prestigious Kendall.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QAL.
This is the Neil Rogers Show.
Two-thirds of the toy.
This is your brain.
Two-thirds of the toy.
Any questions?
He he!
Anybody got any red preventing?
I want to down with a cube.
I'm appointed by God.
I'm a voice of the right.
And I got busted.
A drug-addled hookster that's wealthy and white.
Who's staying up busted?
My career will never come to an end.
It pays to kiss the asses of powerful men.
And believe me, my friends, or anyone else, they get five years to change.
And they deserve a good button.
With a B.
So what?
I got hired some hillbilly smack and got busted.
Who's been sitting on the log and swore a pain in my back?
Or still got busted?
I've been up for me since 2003.
I'm the victim of the vast literal conspiracy.
And now I have a mugshot like Larry King.
Like I've busted my friends.
But I'm packed from Yolanda.
$3,000.
And what the hell?
Who will I fall?
I don't know what the one-down advantage is in keeping up some goods, will he?
Off of here now?
Come on, come on, come on, come on.
It's 11.02, pop another one right?
Just one.
Number three, Hermann goes on and says, I'm a small business owner.
I never hired an illegal immigrant.
See, he makes a better argument for us than we could make.
I never hired an illegal immigrant.
Not because I don't sympathize with their plot because it's wrong.
Oh, right.
I believe if you want an illegal immigration, you have to find your jelly employers.
Isn't that exactly what we've been saying?
As a liberal, concerned citizen, I see what this does to our communities.
Wages are kept artificially low because they're such a large labor force
that people want to work at or below poverty level wages.
Well, there you go.
Thanks for the great argument.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh, four.
If our current administration is willing to export our jobs to India,
Pakistan, Kashmir, or many other places of the globe,
aren't we better off keeping those jobs here and having those people spend their meager wages here?
No, what we're better off doing is paying people a living wage
and not giving it to sloppers or just slumping across the border illegally
and taking the slap over the spillover from Latin America,
where there's so many sloppers and they're reproducing like rabbits.
And working under the table and not adding to the tax base.
Right, that is correct.
Number five, these illegals use up our welfare medical benefits
and social security.
Bolshevik, he says.
First of all, we don't have medical care, even for Americans,
how sad that is, that's correct.
Let's talk about that more often.
I've seen many people pay for a fake social security number.
This is a real number from maybe a dead person just to get a job.
They get a job, pay taxes, contribute to SS.
I'm sure a lot of money.
And in the end, these people can't claim anything
because they worked out of an assumed name or number more common than you think.
And again, another example of breaking law.
First they come illegally and then they buy fake social security,
breaking law again.
And by the way, the medical services, they go to a free hospital like Jackson,
and then they don't turn anybody away so you don't like that.
That is subsidized by tax.
Not to mention the education system,
where we're required to educate their children.
Right.
Which partly reason why in California,
other places, the classrooms are so overcrowded.
Now here comes this is the jackpot.
I don't want to say you're living in a cocoon here, mom,
because I don't know you.
He says, I don't know how you both became American citizens.
Let me answer the question very simply.
I was born.
Oh.
That interesting.
Uh-huh.
And I am not.
Because I do know Neil is Jewish.
I see.
And his family probably was exiled.
Maybe not.
I don't know for sure.
I don't understand about Jews who were exiled.
I don't know what that means.
In other words, Nazi refugees is what he's implied.
No.
Running away from the Nazis.
No. My grandparents came long before Adolf Hitler,
long before the Randy Nazis, long before any of that crap.
And they came to Ellis Island and they became American citizens
through the legal process.
Right.
They applied for citizenship and they passed the test,
how I have no idea.
And they became citizens.
My parents were born in this country and I was born in this country.
They makes me an American citizen, Hermann.
Then he goes on to say,
George was probably born in the US after his family was granted exiled from Cuba.
No.
No.
I was born there and I came here legally after waiting almost two years to do so.
There you go.
So a lot of misinformation here, Hermann, because you assume a lot of things.
The thing I admire most about both of you is that you're willing to go away against the grain
and speak honestly about issues that are especially important in South Florida.
Now here comes another part that I find most disturbing.
I've been in both Israel and Cuba.
Please don't tell George, I guess, about the Cuba part.
Oh, whatever.
I find, I won't tell you.
I'll tell you.
I find it amazing that Israel has 120 political parties in policy is debated.
Why must American Jews only tow the LaCoudre line?
Anybody who disagrees anti-Semitic?
Why must we maintain an embargo against Cuba, but it only hurts the darker people left in Cuba,
but it appears to be a racist policy.
It only hurts the darker people.
I never knew that.
And then did you know that?
Well, that's all that's left there, you know.
There's a couple white people towed.
What about alien and Luis Miguel?
I don't know.
What kind of shade were they?
Why, if most Cubans are immigrating or risking the Florida straights for economic gain,
not political freedom, do we let them stay in San Haitians and Central Americans back?
Well, these are a lot of rhetorical questions because he's just feeding me back a lot of stuff
that I've said for years.
So I'm nowhere the big debate it.
Then he says, I'm getting off the subject.
Now you're talking here, man.
I really want to read the whole thing because he went through a lot of work to write this 85,000 word to essay.
Before 1962 when JFK amended the immigration laws, it was practically impossible to immigrate from southern Europe,
African-Ali Americas, including Mexico, which is North America.
Yet people came.
Yeah, that's the problem in Latin America.
Too many people, yeah.
They came all right.
Most of those people came here illegally, found a lawyer straight and after status and brought their families.
That's what my father did.
Something that he never would have been able to do for his little town in Espanya.
Their families grew up and became citizens and served their new country and learned to love it.
And then Bush came along and destroyed everything.
Okay, you get the point.
We are Americans.
We're patriotic.
We love our country, but we have forgotten.
Not forgotten how we got here.
And don't want to do our opportunity.
Shut to other people.
That's why we're on the streets.
Oh, he's on the streets.
So he was like that.
He was one of the silly people out there on the streets.
They're on the streets on the behalf of lawbreakers.
Along with Sam.
I don't even want to waste my time with that.
I don't know.
Okay.
And the fact that you told me that it's so depressing.
Oh, seriously, this radio station is just right right from the evening before we went on the air.
You know, you told me things and I thought to myself, wow, you know, Georgia is just overexaggerated.
He's just dramatic.
And you were right.
In the last paragraph I promised, immigration has truly experienced it last a lifetime.
We do not expect you to understand it.
Just as our children want.
But it is life changing.
We're extremely emotional.
I don't think I'll ever out of limit.
It's difficult for me to understand how people dismiss it as a minor event.
It's not a minor event.
No, it's a major event.
People like Georgia said, wait a long time to come in here legally.
We have quotas for very companies.
And they have to wait.
It is not minor.
It's very difficult even when it's legal.
Oh, I see that's why I just said.
If you were lucky enough not to have experienced it, be thankful and please support the immigrants legal and illegal.
No, I will not support lawbreakers.
I will not support lawbreakers.
I will take a press to border.
America can't be the dumping ground for everybody in the world who's oppressed and can't find a job because they live in a country run by a bunch of slime balls and crooks.
Right.
So they come to America which is a country run by a bunch of slime balls and crooks.
I don't care if somebody's cutting in line at the bank.
I hate line cutters and rulebreakers like that.
He says, please support the immigrants legal and illegal.
No.
Not because you support the legal immigration but because these people are really living at the edges of our society often very far from their families.
Could you imagine yourself doing that?
Could you imagine what would drive you to do that?
Keep up the good words.
Yes, Herman.
It's been there, done that, but we did it legally.
Yeah.
The family got separated.
We had to wait years for the other people to come through legally.
Look at poor little alienito baby.
Didn't his mother die at sea?
That's right.
On that rubber raft.
Right.
Mama died at sea.
How do you like that?
And by the way, he's back in Cuba.
We don't hear him complaining.
He's not getting his happy meal every day which means it'll probably add 15, 20 years to his life.
Minimum.
And they're whining and dining him in the family and the Juan Miguel and the whole deal.
They're like superstars now.
Mm-hmm.
Superstar.
Cardi superstars.
Cami Pico superstar.
Postard children.
Who, by the way, on Monday may first celebrate it may day.
And the bearded one may belong in passion speech but a beep that it will put about.
And the communist, the communist, this thing.
So the fact that the organizers of this fraud that was perpetrated on a public on Monday,
the organizers selected may first.
Just like Luke's absent, I think there is more than just symbolism there.
That's just a quinky thing.
We got a thousand votes.
Oh!
This is only 1109.
Can you believe that?
I believe it.
Mark this down on your wrist, okay?
Make, send a memo to all departments.
A thousand votes on Wednesday may the turd.
Who Fridays they'll sync with a mile?
Yeah.
I think, you know, there was, I told you there was a documentary on last night.
It was on, I don't remember what channel about child prostitution in Mexico.
It was enough to make you cry, scream, get very angry and just go nuts.
And this is what happens.
The unwanted masses, all these children, all these babies that are like just deposited on the streets
by people who are reproducing that.
People without a brain.
Schleppers.
Good obedient Catholics.
And of course, like I said, the Pope and his predecessors, some of the worst, worst dispenses
of misery and suffering and death and poverty in the universe, okay?
And then all of those back again to that religion crap.
Oh yeah, we'll just make all the babies make the Pope happy.
No, use those condoms because you'll burn and heal for sure for free.
And now they're rethinking that.
Just like they had to rethink Galileo.
Right.
Good thing they were never wrong.
Just like they had to rethink macaroni and cheese on Friday, you know?
Just make it up as they go along.
Until the public just won't put up with it any more.
Just like the whole thing with moving all those child molesting priests from parish to parish,
from here to there, like on a chess board, just moving this piece over here in that piece.
And they're all getting a piece.
Little boys and girls.
That's what they were getting a piece of.
Thousand and four votes.
What's your take on sports talk radio?
Excellent pollinio.
Thank you very much.
I liked it.
I listened occasionally, two hundred and twelve, occasionally.
It's run its core, same old Schmidt, 164.
And now we got instead of like four or five guys talking.
And we got like eight or nine or ten guys, 15, 20 guys talking.
Bap, Bap, Bap, Bap, Bap.
Shack, shack.
How about those heat lights that crack?
How about those Marlins, last night losing again?
Shack, shack.
Me, shack, the bed to go.
Whatever that means.
Me, these mean chips.
The bed we go.
I'm sure hope not.
I love it.
Listen to the life of sports talk.
16.2 percent.
So we're up to like 37 percent.
Now listen either occasionally or a lot.
A little goes a long way, 153.
A little like about,
That's enough. It's for sports and the ads only 130 hundred and thirty man. I hate it like poison 111
I hate sports 51 and I hate this poll 20 but we got a thousand poor votes
So forget about those numbers yesterday and the bonuses we didn't get we got a thousand votes man
What's more important getting the bonus money or getting a thousand votes on a poll?
Nothing
He's thinking about it. I did think about it long enough
You might as well say getting a thousand votes on a poll because at least we already got that you're not getting any bonus
So you know might as well take what you got and ain't much. It's not gonna put any money in your in our pockets
But hey look at what we're doing man thousand votes
That's more people that are listening some of the day parts a thousand
Especially at night there 12 plus how can you do a zero point four on a station like this?
What a great signal we used to have before can help put that crank that thing up
By the way, you noticed that not one maybe they're discussing it with you now one person said eight from inside other than the
Caughters have said one word to me about that technical situation which was
About the the signal about the interference we're getting. Yeah, no
I asked about it a while back and that's what that's what I got
That's how we know about the State Department and they said about a beat but it would bet about how's your internet situation going
It must not be too bad because Josh got the Sun sent a thing
He got that very important time jicke. I'm gonna say thank you so much little Tommy man. You continue to be a jerk
Like I really care that he wrote a big piece about footy. What else it was what difference is make?
He's going off here anyhow. He wrote two big pieces on footy
He did he just gave you a sentence in the second one. Wow. He wrote two big pieces about footy leaving
Why 100 just to just a stick it? You know just a stick in that I'll show you a thing or two
I'm gonna leave today and we'll see how many pieces he writes about that my last day time. See a
Time to retire
14 past 11 at Q.A. Am I think that my o-flex works fairly well
I'm gonna go out and get that miracle ice all right
No, I know that's good stuff because none really was a dispenser way back then
But I used it I forget what I was rubbing it on but something probably sub-rosa
Hey speaking of hot and nasty days that are coming up and gonna be going on for months and months all the way through September
And even October what's better than staying cool and comfortable all summer long
How about getting you an instant $1200 cool cash rebate on the world's smartest air conditioner the five star edition of the carrier infinity system
And to make things even better free you can give this family the system from Royce air and heat
Where they've been taking care of track County area families for a three long
Generations as the carrier factory authorized either Royce guarantees your 100% satisfaction and that guarantee is backed by carrier
The people in a pended air conditioning have not come up with the carrier infinity system the best one ever
The carrier infinity system actually performs a daily diagnostic check and that adjust itself for maximum efficiency
And speaking of that to maintain maximum efficiency on your current air conditioner the smart thing to do is to join the Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club
Twice a year they come to your home they inspect and tune up your system if you ever have any kind of a problem with your AC
You'll enjoy a party same day service and 10% off on any needed repairs all of this
All of these for just a hundred and ten dollars a year
So whether you choose the two-speed infinity system of Huron or peace of mind all year round with a comfort club
Make the smart choice the Royce choice and believe you me
You don't want to be without AC for five minutes during the swathing summertime and most of the year in South Florida
Call Royce Air and Heat and come to the H and Neil Tordid call tool free 1-800-377-0075
That's Royce ROI CE Royce Air and Heat 1-800-377-0075
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5-16-Q-A-F
For a specific hit three dollars a gallon by the start of the summer but guess what if you're one of the people
Cuming at the prices you see now just wait sir
1967's most exciting program concept
Still another fantastic concept like it's gonna be four dollars this summer
Now I can't afford it. It's really
When I started driving it was less than a dollar a gallon now it's oh this is crazy
I can't believe my eyes
3-19-
No
4-19-Q-A-F
Oh crap
I can't feel a single one
Try any more till the price is wrong
You have to wonder what's gonna happen next year are we gonna be talking about five dollars a gallon
Oh look at that two Pennsylvania stations drop gas prices by the minute
10 more minutes out of save 18 cents
Black years always a couple of cents cheaper than the other local stations
The one-upmanship goes on
Today is the best day to get
I'm gonna drop down this drop down to two 30s now
I'm gonna drop down 10 cents in the past five minutes
To the air now to see the traffic
Car stretched on and on
Can you imagine how much gas that's wasting
I don't know what it was about all the time and how much is your time worth
You get them into the gas is worth
A few cents
I'm gonna say
About 30 cents
Doug Thompson of capital hill blue.com
Georgia's favorite website writes
George W. Bush and American Hitler to which I would say
Absolutely correct sir
In George W. Bush's petty pathetic partisan world
Laws he doesn't agree with don't have to be obeyed
Congressional actions that differ from his political agenda can be ignored
And the constitution of the West is just a GDP piece of paper
Charlie Savage at the Boston Globe brought this point home
Sun they when he revealed Bush has chosen to ignore more laws passed by Congress
Than any president in history of pending more than 750 laws with signing statements
That see an effect he doesn't give a damn what the law says because you'll do whatever he pleases is a wartime
Present and commander in chief
Oh, of course it doesn't matter to him that he became a wartime president because he lied out his ass to justify
And legal invasion on Iraq. I love that he lied out his ass
Yeah, yeah to justify an illegal invasion on Iraq based on fake intelligence and a determined policy
Ignoring facts that this proved his lies
With every revelation we learn more and more what a dangerous desperate Bush is
A madman with the power to wage war at will
This throw the constitution on a whim and invoke its own
His own perception of unchecked presidential power
By ignoring the system of checks and balances that used to be part of our system of government used to be
Sadly nobody in Congress or the courts has the balls to stop this American Hitler
He rides roughshod over the laws of the land
Safely assumption that his arrogance will leave opponents cowering in fear
And an apathetic populace going to wait until 2008 to rid itself of this festering boil on the body politic
I'm not sure we can wait with every passing day we say an elected official by some
He has appritted statements to more than one of every ten bills he signed
He agrees to a compromise the numbers of Congress all of them are there for a public drill signing ceremony
But then he takes back those compromises and more often than not without the Congress or the press of the public knowing what has happened
Said Christopher Kelly a Miami University of Ohio political science professor who studies executive power
Political scientists George Harley who served in both the Nixon and Reagan administrations where presidential power became major issues
Says Bush's actions place the country on a dangerous course
presidential authority once assumed is seldom relinquished the constitution
Forvaled when Richard Nixon ignored the laws that govern his actions Harley said
But this president neither obeys nor pulls his oath to support the constitution
He sees the document as an obstacle to his power and has chosen to ignore it
If no one else is willing to uphold the constitution and it becomes as a trinity general Alberto Gonzalez has written an outdated document and faces this
Republican grave peril
Harley believes this nation faces more than a battle for which political party controls the White House and or Congress
This is now a battle for the soul of America. He says the very future of this Republic may well rest out whether anyone can or will stop George's
Grave peril it sounds like us here at QA and we're in grave peril. Yeah, where would you think of that?
Yeah, that's good point. What are we going to do about this? I think you're right. Yeah, nothing
You're right. Take the mind of the bank, baby like I said
They they created this you know, why must see I need to be the program. I need to help
I'm calling for help like Lee Harvey Oswald said somebody step forward and assist me
Well, I recommend drugs or hypnotherapy or comedy to both let me try some drugs. Maybe I make my shoulder nectar better too
1042 votes on a pool baby
I'm telling this sports talk where he was where it's at
Didn't I tell you that these various L.D. These sub-formats think they kind of run their course like you remember the baseball card station
No, oh, how about the stand collecting station? Oh, that was my favorite show. Oh god. I love that once you're take on sports talk radio
149 votes now. I listen occasionally to to to we got a to to 211 percent listen occasionally
I love it. I listen a lot hundred and seventy four
37.6 percent either love it or like it that leaves 63 percent of the categories
You know, that's that's not too good. It's run its course same old schmitt 170 like
and
and
Yeah, a little goes a long way
158 little tabled via it's for sports and Arizona 135. I hated like poison on red 18
That's really mean-spirited but I understand that that's what I voted
Hated like poison one 18. I hate sports 52 and I hate this pool only 20 so I'm in the 20
I like that all right
Speaking of that award winning QM lineup we got guilty it to again
You know as you were and you're at both of you were in arm sure when clearance was in there this morning
I was screaming about guilty. Yeah, the sounds of silence not a word
Like he had a lockjaw including Eric Reed talking to his teacher to get a lockjaw 3 30 with guilty
Magdog 4 to 6 30 a tough 2 1 1 2 hours
Marlins on drag a deck 6 30
Marlins on the Washington Nats. Oh, that's at Washington. Thank God. We'd have to complain about bad attendance in time
It's a road game, right? Yes. So it says here 705. Maybe that's the team they can beat you think so. No
And Curtis Stevenson follows the Marlin game
This is the new Roger what solid this is 5 69
New
Yeah
Do do do do
Here's a gift for my mommy. I wish you'd die you showed up drunk at my school when I was 5
Because you're such a slut I grew up with no daddy and you dropped me on my head when I was
Singing you left your bottles in my crib at night
And the time you slept with my best friends why
Toss of that there's just one thing that I want to say
Have a happy
Well said 1132 at 560 by the way
Thank you Mr. Prison not only for those low gas prices, but for that strong American dollar
Oh my god, you know the Canadian dollars now over 90 cent that's embarrassing embarrassing. It's not good news for this kid
I'll tell you that my first came up here for a little over four years ago was 62 cent
62 cent and now it's over 90
The euro always was down to 111 17 while back now it's up to like 127 and the British pound
Which was like 177 for a long time is now closing it on buck 90 almost double
Nice call Mr. Prison the crappy American dollar it's not worth a dime because of your incredible deficits and trade deficits
But nevertheless, not see nobody cares about that
Why do we care about that when we got those rapists still across players adduke? That's right. What's going on with that
And what's going on with all these lost eras and lost
A rubah chicks and all this other garbage. I know that's the important stuff keep your eye in the balls, baby
That's where it's at keep your eye on it. Let's keep let's think about 400 calls
5 6 7 0 5 60
Tom 5 60 I will win bag yay or nay thumbs up or thumbs down
Man if we can get a lot more heat intensive
Thank god, you know, I shouldn't say that because there are three games to tune our right?
Yeah, so they if they win that series which they're one game away from that means it continues
You know I wish they would just lose already just just get it over with not that I care one way or the other
I don't reform or again and because not interested in that crap
But it just just get it over with so we can talk about important stuff like the marlins
WCYM hello. I hate the morning. Yeah, okay. I'm gonna feel
So how do you like that see my psychic powers again? I hate them already talking more about the marlins
5 6 7 0 5 60 and we hate you too by the way and Tom 5 60 and the Verizon singular wireless line
That was David Sanchez doing a voice just trying to stir the pot if you stir it if you shift up to see Georgia smoke it
That's right
WCYM hello
Who I am
Yeah, I'm stalked and he'll speaking
Hello, yes, sir last night on
The daily show with John Stewart battle and all bright was on yeah, and she was awesome. She basically said that
Bush
Is feels that he it's God's will that he's in in the White House and that he doesn't have to
Question anything or anyone because whatever he does is right because it's basically your gains by God
And said that they had this meeting of 13 prior
You know White House chief secaries of state and everything they thought it was gonna be a
I can turn into a
Briefing and he basically told them how great everything was going in Iraq in the whole bit
And what a great job he's doing but you finally got in front of him
She told him
They had no extra energy that didn't have enough troops when they went in he was anticipating dancing in the streets and
Didn't have the idea flowers man. That's exactly right and basically when she
She said he wasn't gonna be a prodigy plan. She was gonna tell him how she felt
He basically told her well like fly out this degree like the press in and similarly dismissed her
Uh-huh. It was really a great interview. You go Madeline. Yeah, she's she was hot. We need more her
He was inside into this guy's air again. Okay. Thanks, pal. Bye. Good luck to you
What do you say but
56705 60 there's always a big butt. Right down the middle of everything. Okay. I think Madeline might have one herself and
Palm five 60 leave a rise and take it over our list line. He said Madeline was hot. I don't I don't believe that part of it
But the rest I agree with
70 Q.A.M. Hello
She's about as hot as condo laser Q.A.M. Hello
You know, too. What do you miss? How you doing? Okay
Good you know, I've been on a commercial. We used to play on data
I'm gonna sit there dodgy on the menu and you're with the bar to keep chill
I just mean me that dodgy on the menu and being a shadow of their cat. You know that one you know
You know what I'm saying you know the top of the mountain. I got
What?
But he's trying to say is he got his part of the shipment a little bit late. I see
He's talking about the cafeteria Santa Ria is what he's talking about. Am I gonna pull it? No
Dominic you. I am hello
right
Q.A.M. 3 pick it up. Hi
I'm sorry to tell Neil yeah
I just got back from Florence, Italy. I was standing abroad there and
I went on a weekend trip and I was just
His name got brought up randomly with somebody I was traveling with I just
thought it'd be
Need to tell him just all the way in Italy. What are you talking to him? Well, how would anybody bring up my name in Italy? Nobody there knows me
Guess together
Well, I I went on this weekend trip to Tinkley, Tara in northern Italy and I was with four other people
that I was living with in Florence and
My final to tell me this
random story some
interesting stuff and
See random stories. Yeah, I was like, well, that's really interesting. We're gonna hear that and she's like well actually
um
My dad always listens to this crazy guy in Miami on the radio and I was like really
I was like, what's his name and she's trying to think of your name right away and I was like is it Neil Rogers?
and
And she's like, yes, that's what I mean. That's him and here we are hiking on his father or high in Tinkley, Tara
And we end up talking about you Neil and I was like my dad loves him. I grew up listening to him going to work with my dad my dad to find painter
and I thought it was um
Just like an interesting thing that you might want to hear that you're seeing talked about all the way over in Italy
In other words, they love me in Italy. They don't have to pick on me in Florida anymore, but they love me in Italy
Um, they love you all over the world. Me all right. Thanks, we don't know problem every day. I still a little bit go
You know, I'm saying
Ciao. How do you like that? Okay. I'm big and Italian baby in
Trenza or wherever it helps you was talking about somewhere else
1080 votes on the pool. Yeah, we got people listening all over the world of course in the building. We don't have any way listening
Oh, they're listening in Italy, baby. They're monitoring in Saudi Arabia. They're ragheads over there. I think that the um, you know when we look at that
On the stats page, it's got to be troops who ask troops over there, isn't it? Right? I imagine
Yeah, that's I mean those ragheads Saudis
We certainly hope that they're not listening because we're gonna come and get you bastards. I'll say that right now
Maybe they're just monitoring hope that bandar bush really enjoys his a falafel at lunchtime today
Of course, it's the way ahead at dinner time
Because I got news for you man. We're gonna go in there. We're gonna hook up our
To your oil fields and we're gonna sigh. We're gonna have like 12 cents a gallon just like in Venezuela
Three cents a liter because they do it by the leader there like the rest of the world is opposed to the US
Which does everything their own way?
Three cents a liter in Venezuela for gas. How do you like that? I'll take it take me to your leader
Hugo Chavez for president, baby, and they're knocking Cindy she and man. I got to she's got more balls in one arm than
This whole government's got their whole damn my ass. It's it's scary, you know
He's got balls under each armpit just probably like Donna Shalili too. That's probably why Donna got so p. Ode about those billboards we had up there
That's disgusting the university of army doesn't want to be connected with a billboard campaign. It says we've got balls take our
Thing off and they're right away, and so we left the billboards up and we just took a few in logo off
Which I thought yeah, there was one of the balls used things we ever did
Excellent player. That was a good idea. Of course. That was the previous regime
This is Neil Roger as opposed to this is 5.62
Fuck it in and hold it
Yeah
Let me go
Yeah
Oh
I'll be by my immigration
I'm just gonna work with this kind of pain
I'll be by my immigration
Build a water and run your whole nation
I'll be by my immigration
The ethos is my other occupation
I'll be by my immigration
The ethos is my baby
In this dirt, in the kitchen washmen
I'm gonna cut your voice in
Somebody would cut the voice in
Look at that, US civilian contractor
Two others killed their Nasseria Iraq
Everything I thought was going well over there
Oh, we're fine
Everything's going really well
5,670560
Pound 560 in the Verizon Singular Roundsline
14-till noon already
What this thing is just flying by
You know what, seems like we only sat down here what?
20-30 hours ago, at least
5-6-till, I just give the number out
I'm giving it again
Because I don't see too much happening on there
And we want to take a real flurry, don't we?
How about those sabers, huh?
What a spanking they gave to Flyers last night
And that obnoxious Bobby Clark
Oh, I love it
Oh my god, I watched two seconds of that
Did you really?
Well, because my friend is from Buffalo
And he cared about it
Sabers, kick an ass baby
Rick Gianarete was just ballistic
But he was great
As always
And then of course, what was the other game?
Well in Caroline, nothing could be
Finder than when by Caroline is the eliminate
Those anxious Montreal Fraud Canadians
All you hockey people under, you must really be
In having a field day
How many QIM? Hello?
QIM?
Deal
Yes sir
Hey man, I hear you callers calling in
And it's like, well, the thing to do is not to care about these things
Like the oil and all this
So there's stuff they care too much
And there's nothing they can do about it
Yeah
Because like for example, me, I switched to a motorcycle
50 gallons, you know, 50 miles per gallon
And when that's done, I'll switch to a tricycle
Right
And with the dollars worthless
Old-gev bush pass that gun loss
So you know, everything will work out in the end
Yeah, just want to kill some people, right?
Yeah, just go out and take what you want
That's right, now you're talking
Walk wherever you want to take what you want like, mad Max
And that's the way to do it
But the more they care, the less it's done
And you know, nothing, everything will continue on the same path as always
Well, at least, at least these people are flapping their gums a little bit
You know, there's a postageist, earner, him and the sand
That's all I can say, remember to make it sounds
Like the ones who are just made
Down the same path as always
Right, that's correct
Yeah, so they storm the bus deal
Nothing's going to get done
I'm like, I kind of like us here at QA and Man
Down the same path, you ever watch water go down the drain?
Yeah
And it just accelerates and speed and you're like down the bathtub
And you just go faster and faster and let go
I'm like the big one
I'll see if the okay-correl, okay?
Okay
I was just thinking about bathtub analogy
Thrilled
Yeah
No, I'm not talking about that, I'm talking about like in a bathtub or like in a sink
Sure
You fill up the sink and then you push that little plunger thing in
And you open it up and then the water goes down and you watch it and it goes faster and faster
And that's us
And these people are still like-but I beat
But I mean, you know, and I look at it and I said before I'm not going to get all bent out of shape
Because nothing we can do, but it's just like
It's just amazing to me that they're just-they haven't got a clue
Although we got Geldia too, which rhymes with
And I'm like, no!
And I'm like, no!
And I'm like, no!
And I'm like, no!
And I'm like, no!
And I'm like, no!
And I'm like, no!
And I'm like, no!
And I'm like, no!
And I'm like, no!
And I'm like, no!
And I'm like, no!
And I'm like, no!
And I'm like, no!
And I'm like, no!
And I'm like, no!
And I'm like, no!
And I'm like, no!
And I'm like, no!
And I'm like, no!
And I'm like, no!
And I'm like, no!
And I'm like, no!
No!
Almost noon.
It's about 10 minutes before noon.
And this is the game that we keep going through day and after day.
And if you wonder why we just, we sound exasperated and the palpitated and forming at the mouth.
You know, you can't get into anything.
And like I said before, if you don't get a response by noon, I'm not sending him any more money.
I was going to take care of your deal.
I owe him a little bit more for this year.
I'm just not going to send him to him. I'll wait until I'm good and ready.
I got plenty of cash right now, man.
I'm swimming in a sea of cash.
I'm drowning in it.
But he ain't getting any.
Because he keeps playing this game.
If he's got your contract, why does he email me about it?
Why doesn't he return your call messages?
And why doesn't he email you and respond to the email that you sent him at the proper email address yesterday?
Your George.
Because he doesn't want to talk to me.
Well, then why does he keep telling me that he wants to talk to you so that you'll rip him on the air?
We want a jackass.
What a faggot.
You're fair, man.
Anyway, can I get back to this?
This is a very important story, is it?
And you're hucking with his normal kind of crap.
Some silly-ass pansy.
With his flamboyant lifestyle.
Yeah, flamboyant, my ass.
His ass. That's what I heard.
Despite the wall-to-wall coverage of the damage from Hurricane Katrina,
nearly a third of young Americans recently pulled,
couldn't locate Louisiana on a map,
and nearly a half were unable to identify Mississippi.
So you can understand Mississippi because Mississippi and Alabama are side by each,
and they look very much alike except they're facing in different directions.
But Louisiana, I mean,
Louisiana, it sticks right out there into the Gulf.
If protrudes,
Americans between the ages of 18,
I mean, like Florida.
Florida is very distinct.
It sticks down there into the Caribbean,
and it's like the peninsula.
Americans between the ages of 18 and 24
fear it even worse with four locations.
Six out of 10 couldn't find Iraq.
According to a Roper Poll conducted for National Geographic.
They couldn't find Iraq.
Give them a compass in a road map, and they still couldn't find it.
They couldn't find their ass with your hands.
Let's see, it's 18 to 24.
Well, some of them maybe will give it a shot.
Geographic illiteracy impacts our economic rubbing.
Geographic illiteracy, amen, and ain't getting no better.
Relationships with other nations and the environment
isolates us from the world.
National Geographic President John Fahey.
What if he's kind to Bill Fahey?
Said announcing a program to help remedy the problem.
It's hoping to enlist businesses,
non-profit groups and educators in a bid to improve geographic literacy.
Planed is a five-year multimedia campaign called my wonderful world
that will target children eight to 17.
The goal is to motivate parents and educators
to expand geographic offerings in school,
at home and in their communities.
They'll have their tasks cut out for them,
judging by the results of the survey.
A 510 people's interviewed in December and January.
Among the findings, Zined America, baby.
A third of respondents couldn't pinpoint Louisiana map,
and 48% on a relocated Mississippi,
with or without a banjo on their knee.
You know what Rick Weaver said?
It's a treat to beat your feet on a Mississippi mud.
Uh-huh.
Fewer than three in 10 think it important to know locations of countries
in the news, and just 14% believe speaking other languages.
Actually, what Rick Weaver said is that
that was a terrible thing,
but since he and his wife are both dead,
can I say it on the ear?
Say what? I don't know what you're gonna say.
Then he was getting more action when he moved to Mississippi
than he was when he was married.
Oh, yeah, he did say that.
Yeah.
I mean, you know, that's an insensitive thing to say
when your wife has died, but, you know, she was dead anyway.
So she didn't care.
And he's dead.
Right.
Fewer than, and they're also the way Rookhizer's dead.
And the way I'm feeling now with my neck,
I think pretty soon I'm gonna be dead.
Then Tom Jekyll, right at big piece,
so, oh, that kneel man, he was really.
Fewer than three in 10 think it important to know.
And I only had one call about my neck today,
and I was a guy with a,
although it was a good one about mineralized,
brought off the gift code.
I was good.
Thank you, sir.
There's a guy that cares.
The rest of these people call us and indifferent.
That's the soft-flot F and way.
Fewer than three out of 10 think it's important
to know locations of countries in the news.
That, that's pathetic.
Fewer than three in 10,
and just 14% believe speaking other language is a necessary skill.
Oh, speaking other language, like English, you mean?
Right.
Two thirds didn't know that the earthquake
that killed 70,000 people in October of last year
occurred in Pakistan.
Six out of 10 couldn't find Iraq on a map of the Middle East.
While the outsourcing of jobs,
this is just, I would just want to cry.
I want to fall in the flow and just cry.
While the outsourcing of jobs to India
has been a major US business story,
47% couldn't find the Indian subcontinent
on a map of Asia.
Uh-huh.
I think I might have a relapse.
In every few years we get a story like this,
so you think, I know, maybe.
I can't know better.
Yeah, you think that somebody's going to address that problem.
No.
This is what they want, though.
The power of the beef is the exact way out of one.
Stupid, baby.
Keep them watching a lot of crap.
Keep them watching Survivor, uh, Canada, Iowa.
While Israeli Palestinian strap has been the news
for the entire lives of the respondents,
75% were unable to locate Israel on a map of the Middle East.
Oi!
Nearly three quarters incorrectly named English
as the most widely spoken native language,
as opposed to say like Sanskrit.
Six intent did not know the border between North and South Korea
is the most heavily fortified in the world.
Here, this, this right here, this is the best.
30% thought the most heavily fortified border
was between the United States and Mexico.
Oh, look at that.
You know, keep showing his toilet there on CNN.
That's part of the deal.
Oh, there's a man glued to the toilet seat of Walmart.
Remember, we had that story.
Strange advice, but good advice.
When there's a glue-toting criminal on the loose,
I think there's some pretty six people out in the world
to do something as strange as that.
What the person did is leave glue on a toilet seat
at this self-buried Walmart store.
Superdue.
The shopper got help only after a store employee entered the bathroom
and heard the 20-year-old man pounding on the stall door.
Now, the Fire Department responded here to the Walmart.
They didn't just transport to patients though.
They transported the toilet seat too.
That had to be removed at the hospital.
Thank you all for the good off.
People around town are talking about it.
I thought my body was nothing in there.
You didn't think it was true.
No.
What may seem like a prank is no joke to police
back on April Fool's Day, a similar incident haven't appeared.
That's right, man.
Now they're doing it again, going around.
That time, a 39-year-old man was the victim.
If not funny, we do take it seriously.
So seriously that the person responsible could go to jail.
Good. If I could go, if I found him.
I think you asked.
That's right.
Glue on somebody's ass to a toilet seat.
Shame on you.
Anyway, again, 30% thought the most heavily fortified
border was between the U.S. and Mexico.
I guess that was before our Monday.
Yeah, it's a fight of an fortified maybe.
Joining in the effort to improve geographic knowledge
will be the 4-H American Federation of Teachers,
Asia Society, Association of American Geographers,
the NBA, 5th National Council of La Raza,
National PTA, the Smithsonian Institute and others.
Geography is supposed to tune in to the United
Elks to diverse cultures, different ideas,
and the exchange of knowledge from around the world
said, Annamarie Westlack, present the National PTA,
the campaign will make sure our children get their geographies.
And they can become familiar with other cultures during their
school years, and move comfortably and confidently
in a global economy.
Is it?
No.
Right.
It's the Neil Rogers.
You're going to live.
You have anything I'd like to talk about?
Part of the shouldn't.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12-1 hour on Q-8-M.
And now some definitive reasons why 24 rules and the
sopranos sucks.
First, Jack Bauer intimidates Indian Terragates witnesses.
This is last chance you got to talk to him, Grandan.
You.
While Tony soprano eats Chinese food with his wife.
I don't know about you.
I just don't see found this place I catch myself
and I think about it.
Me too.
Sometimes you're sick.
Jack Bauer abducts witnesses and threatens to kill them.
Make a sound.
I will pour your brains out all over the windshield.
Wow.
Vito talks about his workout routine.
Five minutes.
I know inclined.
Then I switch the full uphill from my cardio.
Jack Bauer worries about the most important vehicle in the
United States.
What's the airport for?
What's your tip?
What's the airport for?
What's your tip?
While the sopranos chills the Porsche Cayenne.
Is this the new Porsche?
Cayenne Turbo.
I got the 4.5 liter V8.
Looking sure about the color choice of the car.
Tony, I love it.
It's gorgeous.
What a car!
Jack Bauer gets pissed.
Fimus!
While Tony soprano goes to his shrink.
You tried to smother your mother with a pillow.
I grabbed a pillow with it.
Just to keep my hands after mine.
And these are just a few other reasons why 24 rules and the sopranos sucks.
You know, I find the rate of self-diagnosis.
It's my QA malergy.
Is that what it is?
Because it's only when I'm in this room.
I feel really crappy.
When I get up and walk around, I just walk in the...
You know, out of here?
Maybe that's what I've been suffering from.
Man, I felt pretty good.
And then I came back in here and said down all of a sudden my neck, you know, my shoulder...
Yeah.
Aix and pain.
I think it's QA malergy.
Gotta be psychosis schematic.
Psychoschematic.
That could be it.
We got 1130 votes on here.
My God, that's pretty impressive.
You asked me.
1130.
That's more or less than we have in some day parts.
All week.
In some day parts.
There's a great story coming over that's of special interest to you.
And I...
Well, it's time to Sunscentle.
I hate to break the news here.
That's the other Mexican story.
So I clicked...
No, you saw it already?
Yeah, it was on the news last night.
About the drugs?
Yeah.
Oh, then who cares?
Maybe that's why it's not printing out yet.
Oh no, it's important.
In a bit of crypt trafficking, Mexico would allow you to use the most drugs.
I clicked the...
To print it, like during the break, early part of the break, it's still not doing anything.
That's how much luck I'm having with this Sunscentle website.
It sucks.
So, oh, now...
Now it's going to print.
You want to know how I know that?
How do you know that?
Because this particular printer, Fax, et cetera, is plugged into the same outlet as one light I have in the wall.
Oh, okay.
And when it's going to print the light, the flicker is a little bit.
It's Florida flicker in light.
It's Toronto flicker in light.
And so now it's printing out.
So it'll be a lot...
Because it'll be bad on my neck after we did off the computer.
You know, often it mounted...
Oh, it is a lovely monitor.
It's my nice new NEC monitor I told you about.
I think I'd replace all of these monitors.
You know, of course that would indicate I may plan on being here more than a month.
Mexican President, speaking of more than a month, it's not too far from the middle of June.
And of course, at that point, when I go on vacation and then come back to that summer schedule in Georgia's on Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
Oh, yeah.
That's what I'm holding on for, man.
I'm hanging on for the summer schedule.
And then I'm going to hire a hitman.
I'm going to hire Luke Abrati to go in and clean that place out.
There's some serious work in that joint.
By the way, noon is coming.
Go on. Have you received an email from Norma?
No. Although, let me check right now.
Yeah, check it right now. I just checked it again.
There was an email from TomPain.com.
But nothing from Norma can.
You're fairy.
So...
I guess it means I can have a wild day at the wood buying today.
I can just go nuts.
I have to worry about that extra cash for Norma.
Now, he must be pretty flush.
Mexican President Vicente Fox, who's a real gangster in a crook,
will sign a bill that would legalize the use of nearly every drug in our attic,
sold by the same Mexican cartels he's found to fight during his five years in Orphanage.
Folks have been saying yesterday and he already saw this story.
Right, but I want to know more.
Oh.
Well, they'd be selling it in stores.
Well, here's a list.
And can I order it through the internet?
The list of illegal drugs approved for personal consumption by Mexico's...
Oh, we're going to be seeing a reversal of that trend across the Mexican border.
Oh, yeah.
They're going to be...
Come on down.
The list of illegal drugs approved for personal consumption by Mexico's Congress last week
is enough to make somebody busy or worse.
Says Sam and Rique, this story appeared in the LA Times.
Reprited, of course, in the Sun Central, because what do they know?
Cocaine, heroin, LSD, marriage-oenie, PCP, opium, synthetic opiates,
mescaline, peyote, psilocybin mushrooms, which have no idea what magic mushrooms are.
And feta means methamphetamines,
and the per person amounts of proof for possession by anyone 18-year-older
could easily turn any college party into an all-nighter.
Half a gram of coke, couple of ecstasy pills, several doses of LSD,
a few marijuana joints, a spool of heroin, a partridge and a peritory,
five grams of opium and more than two pounds of peyote, the host and genocactus.
Watch out for the pricks.
That's right.
The law would be among the most permissive in the world,
putting Mexico in the company of the Netherlands.
Oh, no.
Needle-ons.
Did I mention that in the year about the piece that I saw?
I think it was on NBC News a couple of nights ago.
About the immigration thing.
No.
And they were talking about countries that have very strict,
much strict immigration policies like the Netherlands,
and they were showing that there's a two-hour video that you have to watch
and then pass a test before you're allowed to.
Oh, we were talking about it.
I don't know if you did mention it on the air.
I think it was on the air, though.
The tolerance video there?
Yeah.
And for example, people from the Middle Eastern countries like from Turkey
and some of our schmattas, they were saying,
oh, we could never pass that test because if our friends back home,
our families knew that we were living in that kind of a permissive society,
they would like reject us and turn us out.
Don't they have men holding hands and kissing and...
I don't think they have anything about men holding hands.
I mean, what I heard, they were...
Well, that's absolutely wrong, okay?
You don't have to go to Netherlands to see men holding hands.
No, but you can see that right here, anyway.
I know that.
Okay.
It was that they showed that on the video and said that this is the kind of stuff
that goes on that you better be able to show the whole video.
And they showed...
And of course on NBC News, they blotted out the boobies.
But they showed boobies and they showed women swimming naked.
And they showed the red light district and they showed the hookers,
which are a few blotted out things.
And they showed the people smoking big fat ones out there
and they opened that by the dam rack.
And then the guy got that.
But it would be put in the...
Go back where you came from, okay, rag head.
Critics including US drug policy officials, of course,
already are wearing that ill-spirate.
The domestic addiction problem makes Mexico a narco-terrorism destination.
Even the Netherlands, famous for coffee houses,
that sell small quantities of potent marijuana and hashish
forbids the possession of sale of narcotics.
That is correct.
Yeah.
Coke.
Ex deceive.
Vee-ah-got?
Oh my god.
It's just...
If he could see those people.
And I use the word people so loosely.
Why maybe someday when you and Josh go to Amsterdam, you will.
Right. Let me look at those people.
He's talking about...
No, they're looking for you.
I have a feeling we'll find each other.
Columbia allows personal use of marijuana cocaine in heroin.
But not LSD or PCP or TCB or T-S-O-P.
Selling drugs or using them in public would still be a crime in Mexico.
Anyone possessing drugs still could be held for questioning by the police.
And of course, when you go to jail in Mexico,
that was in that story they had about the child prostitution the other night.
Yeah.
They just throw your ass in there and, you know,
maybe you get a trial, maybe not in an after-while when you start to die.
There were two guys died in there, although I think they deserve it.
Anyone possessing drugs could still be held for questioning by police.
Each state could impose fines even on the permitted quantities of bills to police.
But it includes no prison penalties.
Maybe they'll slap on the wrist.
Maybe they'll take away your straw hat.
Lawmakers who voted for decriminalization, some of whom have expressed...
Maybe they'll pee in your burrito.
I don't know.
Some of whom were expressed surprised over the details of the bill said it would be the first time...
...the first time to empower local police to make drug arrests and law law enforcement in general
to focus on intercepting large drugshipmen and major drug...
...this makes no sense at all.
This isn't a sunset.
Look at all...all of this paragraph is totally abogus.
The law constitutes an important step forward by the Mexican state and its battle against drug dealing...
...sit at Wardo Medinamura, Secretary of Public Security and Mexico's top law enforcement officer.
Presidential spokesman Ruben Aguilar said to the day that Fox would sign the measure...
...calling it an important tool in the fight against drug trafficking.
Fox has avoided public comments in the bill, did not attend news conference about that.
He's a crook.
Sylvia Burlusconi is out in Italy, finally resigned to it, and that yesterday...
...Sylvia Burlusconi, another crook, George W. Bush, another crook, Vladimir Valerie Puntay, another crook.
Most of the people in charge all over...
...Steve and Harper and candidate another crook.
Shall I go on?
Yes.
What do we do?
What are you going to do about it?
Thank you for your point.
I was going to take a whole bunch of calls here, but then again...
...now we get to this point and we have to wait for the delay.
56670560 and 0.56 in the Verizon Singular Wettler line.
What are you going to do?
Nice college boy, I don't know.
They want to get mixed up in a family business.
Now you want to go down a police cabin, because it's like you're in a face a little bit.
And...
...the army way you shoot them a mile away.
You've got to get a post like this.
Get a big, your blood, your brains all over your nice side relief suit.
Come in.
Huh?
You're thinking this very good.
Oh my God, I may have to watch that again this weekend.
All three parts.
I may have to watch the unexperienced.
Still is good.
It's still...
It just as good as good.
Even from the opening scene.
Don't pull it on.
Very, very dark.
You know, if there was any critique of that movie, but the only problem is that it's supposed to be that way.
Very dark in the audience.
It was really hard to understand.
But especially now, if I watch it now with my ears plugged up, I probably couldn't understand it.
I believe in the men.
Yeah.
W-Q-Y-M, hello.
70 Q-Y-M, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I think I'm going to move to Mexico.
Yeah, it sounds like it.
That sounds like it.
Yeah, I believe in Russia.
I believe in Russia.
I think Russia, we've heard that expression.
Thanks a lot, Neil.
Okay, didn't say anything about Oxy's new.
Oh, great call.
That was it.
Two good ones in a row.
And you notice the other one who actually did make an attempt a few days ago to say something for the first time in years.
Since we're pushing up the call, screamers, he could say whatever the hell he wanted to be at anything to say.
So this business is about what you will put him on.
How many years since we were screaming calls, about 100?
100, right.
Yeah.
So obviously, uh, coke bottle eyes, you got nothing to say.
I know what he's going to say.
I know what he's going to say.
I have no life now.
Probably not a good of a voice, but same general just, 1155.
Well, that's scary.
That's that's station WNMA that there was that big piece in the Herald about that, uh, Colombian program, but they put a note speaking in place.
They had guarantee they don't have a lot of number and 55 listeners all over the world, much less in South Florida.
WNMA, hello.
Now I was over in Carol Steeve this week and at the store, we were smoking and drinking in one of my homeboys brought you up.
Now they man, I know Neil, many dollars, five times.
That was like many cooler than a polar bear's toenail.
Okay, great.
Yeah. Good for me.
I can't say that the other day too.
Yeah.
Polar bear's toenail.
Ah.
Word.
Oh, I think my next start act up again.
Maybe it's a phone that I'm allergic to.
Maybe if you just take this whole phone system and just toss it out the window.
Oh, those pigeons are out there dropping stuff on my patio.
Got the white pigeons, man.
I just they are just nasty.
Drop in, uh, load.
Maybe, uh, for your birthday next year, I'll get you a BB good.
Good.
Drop in a mo-mento.
Man.
In fact, the other day I was like walking out of street and there was a-
The pigeons are all over the place here.
I guess any big city.
And sometimes they're busy like, you know, uh,
pocking around looking for like a piece of bread or something on the street.
They don't want to get out of your way.
Right?
So I then they walked into the damn thing and they'd like fluttered away and I was sure as it flew over my head.
I was just waiting but didn't happen, you know.
I kind of like accelerated my pace.
I thought it was going to drop me a souvenir but didn't happen.
They're just out of spite, you know.
I think it's like a message.
Like Joey Zaza.
Gonna send me a message?
See what I'd say about Andy Garcia.
Remember when he was like down there in a little, in a little Havana where the hell was it?
I guess that's a little Havana.
I guess I don't know.
Or the family, the, the Mimey family was like, there's another example of the, of the, uh, media.
The Mimey family that a whole alien business.
Well, what the hell was that?
That's like the, that's like the day without immigrants.
It's the same crap.
The media comes up with these cliches, most of which are total distortions and lies.
And then they just keep pounding and pounding, you know.
I wish they all could remember all the slogans they had under during the alien days, man.
They, they had more of the same crap.
Remember that?
Mm-hmm.
But we sure could use that again.
Oh my god.
Let's have somebody else go out there in the ocean and float up on a rubber raft.
Like, you, you, you, yeah, now you're too old.
It's not in some punk.
And you could be like the next alien and we're like, everybody whipped up and we have people calling in.
Those same people that we never heard from again.
I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was.
Oh, yeah. It was great.
Hey, we'd lightning quick speeds, latest features and security, Comcast High Speed Internet leaves DSL in the dust.
And today you can get on board for just 9.95 a month for two months.
With an always on connection speed of 6 megabytes, Comcast High Speed Internet is up to four times faster than DSL15,
and up to a hundred times faster than dial-up.
Whether you're downloading music, watching streaming video, playing online games,
or just surfing your favorite sites, and we can only imagine what they are.
Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the Internet.
Plus when you sign up for Comcast High Speed Internet, you'll get instant access to free features like the fan, video mail,
Comcast Rhapsody Radio Plus, and up to seven personal email accounts just to be named in a few.
Not only that, but you also get Macafee security tools included so you can be assured that your Internet experience is always safe and secure.
So what you'd be waiting for, man, start doing more quicker than ever, sign up for Comcast High Speed Internet today for just 9.95 a month for two months.
You wonder how you ever manage it without it.
In Vade Call 305 Comcast, and of course in prestigious 9.5 for Comcast.
This is the MewRudger!
This is 5.69 A.S.
Coming up tonight, on the inside of behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
He was in Genesis, then he went up on his own.
He might say it was the Genesis of a genius of a member of Genesis.
He was my kind of mechanics.
The mic has this big hit in 1985, and he comes to me and says we need another one right away.
I got his new idea into the shop, I put it on the lift, and it's a mess!
Lee Vocalist and Mechanic, Paul Carrick.
There was no real hook, the middle eight was blown out, the chorus was shot.
I had to order the part special.
I say look, let me keep it a while.
Finally, the mechanics returned the song, yet ten times the original written estimate.
That's what he's going to do.
These mechanics have you over a barrel.
Luckily, it was a hit.
The loud pressure's on.
1986, Mike wants to hit the years.
I said sorry, not going to happen.
First of all, your war is exercised.
Plus, you haven't replaced these notes that you've got this thing any three years.
Finally, in 1989, Mike went to pick up the song.
It went to number one.
Mike says I'm over-charging.
He leaves me, starts going to Quik-E-Hoo.
Those subs stand as fast as, but he never had another hit.
So up is...
Mike, in the mechanics.
Come on Mike, what were you thinking?
You get a good mechanic, you don't leave.
It's a big, juicy, something that look at show business tonight.
I'm inside the barn right now.
Boy, talk about a morbid song, man.
In the living years?
Yeah, I wish I could have told you old man a few things in the living years.
In fact, maybe he can make a comeback for five minutes.
I tell him a lot of things.
Yeah, I give him a earful.
Oh, there you go.
You hear that little beep?
Taking that blood sugar right now.
I think I'm going to live when you come right down to it.
That's a bad news for all the naysayers out there.
All the hate mongers.
Oh, and you know what it says?
Error.
Oh, I know.
I know.
Oh, you're not going to live.
I don't have any big enough drop.
I'm Arlen Brander, just a drop.
Remember that?
Right.
When they were sitting outside there,
and he poured him a little on it, just a drop.
He was so good in that movie that it defies...
It just defies the man.
And I think that they almost didn't pick him.
I know.
Who do they want?
They wanted James Khan to be the godfather?
Yeah.
And Coppola had to fight.
They had it.
Coppola won?
Had to fight to make it...
Well, I thought you said something else.
I would have sworn you said something else.
You know, I said fight.
Oh, something to pick it with on F.
He had a fight for Marlon.
Right.
Not sure if you're not too bad.
Not great.
Not sensation.
Not perfect.
But, you know, who the hell is perfect?
Okay.
In other words, I don't want to be too perfect.
I live too damn long.
Got too many that...
Too much of that longevity in my family tree.
You know, my illegal alien family?
That's right.
Oh, that...
How old is it?
You know, good intentions.
I'm sure in a good guy,
and he took a lot of time and effort to write that long,
which is why I read it all.
Right.
But, wow.
I mean, just so much misinformation.
And so much...
Same thing.
They want to attach themselves to the legal immigrants
and pretend like there's no difference.
Right.
BS, man.
Illegal Canada.
Oh, that's right.
Now, if it is Wednesday, maybe he...
Oh, well...
Maybe he had to go for his shock treatment.
So they really did.
Because we haven't heard from him.
And we can lay it when in Canada.
Anybody with a speech like that ought to be deported anyway.
Okay.
Speaking of English, you idiot.
Who with a baby talks?
Oh, I don't know.
Okay.
5.670560 and pound 5.60
and they've arrived in Singular Wireless Line.
Let's take a real big flurry of coal.
Let's build it up for guilty.
Oh, yeah.
I'm sure it's going to be thrilling
from that big heat victory last night.
Five, five, five, five.
Not too happy about the Marlins losing it, man.
Let's see.
They had a homestand there of...
Well, they lost them all.
Yes, they did.
So over now.
But, because they got swept by the Rockies and then the Phillies.
So they lost five in a row at home.
Including Don Trell blowin' a lead and gettin' blown out there in the eighth inning.
And then they blew a lead again last night and got their ass kicked 75.
In front of 6,652 announced.
WQAM, hello.
All right, nice to meet you, please.
Speaking.
Me, me, me, me.
Yeah, okay.
So he almost started normal until he found out he was on the earth.
Almost...
Almost.
Yeah, almost like a human.
Babbababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababab
ababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababab
ababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababab
ababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababab
ababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababab
ababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababab
ababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababab
And playboy gets an added nipples to the statue last month while I was on loan to Palm Beach International sculpture Biennial and Longton Green. The city warrant gets an removed nipples before returning the mermaid.
The city was negotiating to sell the nipples for insurity auction until I got a call from a city official telling the siren was no longer needed.
Oh my god and we're talking about Europe and the US. If you had any idea, even the difference between here and the US. I mean this this history about nudity and about boobies and nipples and...
I realize America is not a very old country but it's time to grow up America already. We're just going to backyard and grow some good stuff. Cut the crap. Jesus. God Almighty.
Even back in the days of the Roman Empire, Dave Palon, who was also gay. All those Michelangelo cross he was also gay.
But you know, you had all those organs and nipples and boobs and all the naked people man. All those girls in fact, if you grow to Europe in any city worth it's salt.
There's a whole bunch of naked statues that they're like in Rome, all the piacas, piacadella, republica, piacavis, piac...
And there's all these naked statues out there and some of the funds for crying out loud. They got some little kid who was like peeing in the fountain. That's where the water comes from. So don't drink it.
Oh my god.
Look at that. They got charges in the church burning cases. The Attorney General says the state intends to make sure that justice will be had.
And you know justice. So in Alabama they got there. They're going to... You know where Alabama is on the map right now next to Mississippi? All that it was up to Oregon.
If you think you have termites in your home, call our good friends at Riddett Pest Control to then get yourself a free termite inspection. Now is the beginning of the ugly nasty termite season when they start chewing up everybody's house.
Riddett Pest Control uses that amazing orange roll treatment. They kill termites and termite eggs 100% on contact. They're gone faster than even say a clarebell is a clown.
If you have termites, it's the best possible way to get rid of them. And you don't have to tent your house. I've put it in some million times. There's nothing more embarrassing than having to put a big circus tent on your home and speaking to clarebell and bozo the clown.
You don't have to tent your home when you call Riddett. No worrying about poison is gas. No moving out or staying in hotels for days at a time. No worrying about food or your pets in your health.
Because they treat your home with this amazing orange roll, you don't have to leave it all. In fact, when they're done treating your property, the only thing left behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days. You'll feel like you're in citrus country.
It's true. If you have a termite problem, call Riddett Pest Control right now and find out about this amazing orange oil. This treatment that kills termites and termites in 100% on contact. No tenting, no kidding, no BS, no games. Just a fantastic effective job every time.
Call right now for a free no obligation inspection. 1-800-447-4348. That's 1-800-447-4348. And when you call, be sure to mention Todd Drex, they'll really appreciate that. 1-800-447-4348.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 516-2-A-M.
As he's raised a rock and roll, Jackson is now back in the studio working on his first album in 5 years.
Charging children. What love, though, in the test of my video, do you?
I sit in a table with all of them, crying away. Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you?
I have to sit by you. I have to sit by you. Do you? I have to sit by you. Do you? Do you?
I have to sit by you. Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do
Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you
Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you often loop? Do you? If my or whatever loop is underptic, I do W depending on the internet. If my or wherever l Little
down my house crosses rats corny net that set your unit and line it up do you? If my or whatever loop is underptic, I do chaptops.
Oh boy, that's not the time to bid to me.
It sounds like a bell thing again to me.
Mm-hmm.
After years of suing internet users for downloading songs illegally, the music industry is targeting
pirates in 12 cities who copy CDs and DVDs for a sale at street corners, flea markets,
family run shops, and even mainstream record stores.
Executives identified the cities as Atlanta, Austin, Texas, Chicago, Dallas, Houston,
LA, Miami, New York, Philadelphia, Providence, Rhode Island, San Diego, and San
Francisco.
Miami?
These were selected based on market surveys, earlier raids and industry reviews of sales
data, suggesting lost sales over the past five years.
We tried to narrow down areas where we're going to focus where we find the most parasy
that said Brad Buckles.
Oh, what a great name.
Brad Buckles.
Mary Fainst and Brad Buckles.
Executive Vice President for Antiparacy at the Washington-based Recording Industry Associate
of America, the trade group for the largest labels.
The RIA was releasing details of new campaign today.
The trade group estimates the industry lost a billion dollars in CD sales last year.
Oh, by the way, did you think you were thinking, huh?
You know what I mean?
By the way, it's not a copy.
It's not a pirate.
I spent money Amazon.com.
And I even got a new one.
You notice, I'm not saying you like some old crappy rehash, old used ones.
Right.
Like I did.
What?
I said you were a copy.
Yeah, a copy that you sent me a broke ass mounting, which, well, that was a pirate
thing.
That was a pirate copy.
How do I be saying that?
That's not even out on DVD yet.
Hey, hell, it's not.
Is it?
Well, just came out this month.
I think, uh, one or they might.
I said it to you like the week had opened.
I don't want it.
I don't want it.
And by the way, Greg, if you want to ask something to see the last part of it, you watch
it, okay?
Greg, read it.
How he can show up there, man?
It's supposed to show when an ego he's got.
No brain, all he go.
What you, the mess that you left behind, you know, even my little dog, you know, even
in his worst days, we left you like a little surprise there in your bedroom, especially.
Even he would like you.
You'd look at him.
You'd even say anything.
Just give him a look.
He'd probably in a corner like a hide for two or three seconds.
And then it started making a lot of noise.
But not Greg, leaves behind 8,000 gallons of wild, infectious diarrhea in that building.
And he's walking around.
Hey, tell me a little, you know, Mr. Hotshot.
Guess what?
We're unimpressed by your mess and your dress.
Nice haircut, though.
The trade group estimates the industry lost a billion dollars in CD sales last year,
including more than 300 million losses blamed on underground sales or illegally copied
discs.
Police sees more than 5 million illegal CDs and arrested 3,300 people last year.
The FBI waited a local music store outside Detroit, November.
There was selling CDs for five bucks a piece.
Agents found more than 100 recording drives, nearly 10,000 counterfeit CDs and 1,400 DVD
movies.
Oh, you know, what else?
You're really slacking off.
I guess I am.
Because I guess didn't somebody tell us that the new Toshiba HD DVD player is out now?
That's what they said.
Which would mean that the new, but they're just our note titles that I'm interested in.
I saw a movie lifestyle by the way on my cable called Boogie Man.
What else is his name again?
Oh, that's embarrassing.
I forgot, no.
I forgot too.
And the movie was fine.
The ending sucked.
He was from the 7th heaven.
What else is his name?
I like him a lot.
A lot.
A lot.
A lot.
Yeah, what was the movie again?
It's a boogie man is a movie with two O's.
Because your thing is so damn slow, it's got a-
Oh!
In another-
Oh!
A very Watson.
It just came to me.
It is very Watson.
The needle Watson quickly.
And he had Hodgkin's and then he went off of that 7th heaven end and he once started making
bad movies.
And movie is okay, but the ending- see, this is the problem.
Show me a movie maker that can make a good ending to a movie.
I'll show you a great movie maker.
You're going to like Hitchcock.
Yeah.
But the problem is most movie makers, even it wasn't make very good suspenseful-
In fact, I got to tell you something.
Tell me something.
Very seldom do I see- because I've seen all the horror movies and the violent movies-
Very seldom do I get a movie where you get like a chill.
Yeah.
But about three times in that movie I got that.
Really?
It was a pretty-
Yeah, not the chills and fever, that's my neck.
Now I'm talking about a- you know, a children- they hear-
I don't have any here.
Goes up to your neck.
Stuff and-
Yes, because that's all very Watson.
Although-
Everybody had all their clothes on her.
I thought there was going to be one they could see in there.
You know when his girlfriend goes into bathtub, but then she disappears, you know.
Remember the scene- you saw it.
You seen it?
Yeah, I forgot all about it.
It's okay.
I would rated a- you know, I rated about a 7 for the first two thirds of it and about
a minus 10 for the last- last 15-20 minutes.
The Boogie Man.
Well, the bottom line is he beat the Boogie Man there in the end and-
and then we're not really sure how.
Cute little girl though said- you know, he said- he said to her, he said,
when he gets scared, I learned as a child, be very quiet and count to five.
Remember the little girl in that movie?
And she- she looked at him and she said,
what happens when you get to six?
Um-
Hahaha!
I always try to hear it!
Urban and Latin music is overwhelmingly popular among pirates who copy discs.
Probably many of those illegal aliens who are marching around there on Monday
were peddling illegal discs.
Maybe I had- maybe that's what my problem is.
Maybe I have a slip disc.
Representing about 95% of all counterfeit CDs and DVDs seized in raids
have caught new buckles from her head of the US Bureau of ATF.
Oh nice job and a wake-o, by the way.
Hello, John. Almost 40% of this season last year were Latin CDs.
Aha! See what I'm saying?
With artists such as Jesse Morales and Los Rihanna, Rihanna likes this and won,
even though the genre are transformed to 6% of the overall music market.
Those illegal CDs are especially popular in Texas, California and Florida, the RIA said.
Huh? I just mentioned that in passing.
So how do you like that, huh?
EO law breakers.
And I bet you they're doing that on the cheap too, you know?
No, they're only doing the finest quality early on.
Oh, I bet. Only using the best material.
Right. In fact, when you listen to the audio on those CDs, it kind of sounds like the audio on QA.
And you know, like that. I'm sure getting worked up.
I had, you know, I'm going to have my shoes on, but I'm all dressed.
I'm ready to go. I'm ready to find a good machine, man.
And then of course tonight we got like 14 million in the 649 lotto and then super seven on Friday's 35 minute.
And if I win either one of those, you're both going to begin a nice envelope and a picture of me with waving by.
103 votes on a pool, baby. 1200 votes on our pool.
That's more listeners than they got in the afternoon drive across the street.
Of course, the only problem is it's also more than we got.
Hey, all you horse racing fans and poker players,
popular park racing and poker's got all the gambling action you want.
And also we'll feature a symbol casting of the Kentucky Derby this Saturday, May 6th.
Even people that don't care about horse racing get into the Derby.
It's like the World Series, you know, the stupid bowl.
You don't have to waste any extra gas. You'd rather any further than you have to.
Or watch and wait you on the run for the roses.
And don't forget we'll be talking to Dave Johnson Friday morning 11 o'clock.
What's the horse I like? The one with the Canadian owned by the way guy from Calgary owns that horse, Brother Derek, with Alex Solis.
Poppano Park will feature early bird wagering on the Derby this Friday, May 5th starting at noon.
And on Saturday, May 6th Derby day, you can watch and plunge on the Derby plus the last two races from Churchill Downs.
Come be part of the crowd as they root home the winner and the first leg of the triple crown.
And Poppano Park will also have free pass performance pages for the Derby field too.
Dick Feinberg will read them to you.
Located just a half-mile from road on 95 on the Florida Turnpike,
Poppano Park is easy to get to. And best of all, like always, Poppano Park offers you free admission and free general parking every day.
Live harness racing in the great smoke free poker room open every Wednesday Friday and Saturday like today.
Poker gets underway noon and infected school and on right now and goes on till midnight.
And live racing gets underway nightly Wednesday Friday and Saturday 725 at the PM including tonight.
Watch out for Bruce Ranger, the constant danger.
And don't miss out on our unbeaten by the way. I don't care what they find Bruce. His Erica Del is having a hell of a year.
Don't miss out on Dona Night Wednesday like tonight when draft your soda hot dogs and more just a bucket piece starting at 6 PM.
Find Dave Ingram and give him a compass in the road map.
And don't forget to come out this Saturday May 6 to watch and wait you on the Kentucky Derby at Poppano Harness,
the block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the current racing schedule called 9549722000 or online,
Poppano Park dot com.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16.2.8.
Our David's a bitch.
gerdy is going to give up as boss.
PM Lewisro who multinational RCHH31 Gore is burning in the 80s.
When you raise funds like carat and water content and get set at around 30% of the main value.
Once he can do the Auto RCHinnen and chips, it hustle from a stumbling bank and Becky is winning.
But if you put your hand on the ECO you see 1-4,
Following now and that's because 80K's underway to Vegas. I'll ride high school and Eddie nice work of you can get it
Sex scandal snare city attorney you saw this of course, right very cute and finally faced the law
And by the way, do you get the email yet from Norma? No, I'll be check right now very
No, no very cute and finally faced a lot of details were extra lurid
Seven months after the discovery of an affidavit disclosing his alleged sexual twist with a teenage girl
16 the disgrace North Miami City attorney and one time go to the tour of Canada
It was cuff yesterday just outside his government orifice the charges two counts of a lawful sex with a minor
And it wasn't even in West Virginia and detectives this goes many tabloid-esque tidbits
This is what the herald said because they like to smear and smear everybody poor Barry
He thought she was probably like at least 17 and a half using a city computer cute and trolley internet
Oh, whatever happened to the weather furry by the way
We never heard any more about Miss Kamal. I guess he finally decided shut up. Yeah, they're making things worse
Yeah, they hit him with a butterfly that and dragged him off really
You want to hear the sound he made as they dragged him off into butterfly?
Using a city computer cute and trolley internet on a site called adultfriendfinder.com
The former state representative also kept his hard drive at least honest heart in his nearest hard drive at least one nude photo himself
Posed on a bed. Oh god, what a thought
Jesus, he's an old man. He's older. Nyan. That's really old a little bit
Most damning police say cute and dull out cash radios and TVs to have unprotected sex with a 16-year-old girl
The teen told detectives he had sex with him in his Miami Beach condominium
Remembering it had it had multiple taxidermy preserved animals occurred to a beach arrest warrant
Cutens arrest camps of bizarre and politically charged investigation had began in January when affidavit
Detaining the alleged sex mysteriously surfaced in city hall mailboxes
It was prepared by a cute and 64 assigned by a Hollywood woman who allegedly arranged the sexual encounters with the teenager and
Notarized by city employee perrelegal. It is not clear who made the affidavit public
The married attorney was booked in the county, july, a city who was released after posting $15,000 bond his attorney
Richard Sharfstein said cute and never had sex with the team and claimed the original affidavit was altered
Look more damning toward his client
He rest was politically motivated by factions that ever wanted cute as a city attorney Sharfstein said
He questioned the credibility of the teenager in a Hollywood woman Roberta Orinbuk book
38 who was arrested marched by Hollywood police and charged with arranging the encounters the trists
They're both peddlers of the flesh and obviously they're peddling their flesh to the state attorney's office to save their own skin
Sharfstein said Hollywood police to take this charge or in book with procurement of a minor under 16 and living off the earnings of a
Prostitute sounds to me like it's getting hard out there for a pimp the question
They're also investigating kid. No, if you really stop and seriously think about that whole thing
You see this is the sad part about what's about America?
What a racist piece of crap it is if you can convince people that they're making progress and that you're doing good things for them
You see the same
The fact that there was even ever such a song recorded is a racist and the nasty horrendous thing and yet they're worried about the crossplay
Anyway, I don't want to give up that play big pippin. I don't I don't find it amusing
Okay, I don't find it funny. There's nothing funny about pimping or about you know, and we're always here to about well
Women are abused and pornography initiative right
Some of the pretend they're not
It is that's what Roberta said. I wonder she knows Roberta Sherwood especially for you
Hollywood police detectives have charged or embarked on already read that they're also investigating cute in relationship with her and the teenager
Detectives went on to arrest cute in the yesterday morning as word leak and TV news cameras
Staked out as orifice detectives left empty handed and our later
He showed up and we're coming to meet police headquarters
He was cuffed inside lobby at the beach festival victims squad detective event demand amingoes
Mayor Kevin Burns and he'll ask cute to resign if he doesn't resign the city council of fireman next week's meeting
He'll be fired at it first reported by the herald in January the investigation began after copies of the affidavit landed in city hall mailboxes
The document dated August 18
2005 said that cute and paid for sex with ornbuck who later arranged the counters with the team
She and no can't they will it so I'll tell you that thanks God on January 9th cute and a minute to say see
This is what happens with married guys okay? They have to go outside the marriage and pay for it because they shouldn't get any at home
Little have to but they often do well
They don't know how do you know they don't have to they'll have to pay for it. I'm sad no
But they shouldn't get any at home. You know, it's even dispute that her document in August October 18th
She said that the key paid I just said that January 9th
He admitted sex with a teen a meeting called by mayor Burns with North Miami police chief Gwendolyn void and assistant chief Douglas Brown
I wonder if she was a Gwendolyn void is related to what those is named that played hop along Cassidy
Oh, and I said that's bad. That's really bad boy. I don't know. His name was boy. Oh Gabby Hayes and
Boy, why no what look up pop along Cassidy Google it
That's bad. That's the first seat of Alzheimer's just said in see that I'm getting old and see now
I've actually even chicken that knows who it is cute and claim the thought the girl was 18 and that she showed him ID
He prepared the after David because a friend of overbought kept or in bucks written to expose him
He played the man to grant according to the October Affity and goes on and on on poor Barry, you know little horny
Well, maybe well, does it William Boyd? See that was a tough name William very good William Boyd
He was hop along Cassidy. Do you remember all hoppy? No during the break
I'm gonna look on that this guy got you know with the real old radio thing
I'm gonna see if I got the hop along Cassidy stuff all right
Yeah, that really goes back Tom mix top along Cassidy
Early 40s even before I was born Roy Rogers day 11's good religion this man the vibe. He was growing around a lot
I think he was even now, but I heard he was quick on the trigger
113 votes on a phone. I was the not resource name for a Roger's horse was trigger was the lone ranger's horse name silver
Very that's all part of the theme song except that's I know but what about Gene Autry?
I don't know
Remember Gene Autry he owned the California angels before they'd be the anti-angels
You didn't you know I don't know hey you do get out of here don't give me this you don't know
Gene from Gene Autry that's bad. I mean I know Gene Autry have heard the name it
I don't know back in the saddle again. No Eddie Arnold
Eddie Ardles did too
116 votes what's your take on sports? So you see there's one thing about getting old man
There's some good things about it first of all you know when you get old and tired you're ready for the box
You know just just put me in a box already, you know nice long rest nobody bothers you nobody nags you
And then you got your mind is full of all if you don't you know if you got any kind of a memory at all
You is full of all these fantastic things and nobody's got any idea what you're talking about right?
I think that's one of the real keys to the success of the show over the years
Nope most of the people haven't got any clue what I'm talking about what including me
What's your take on sports talk radio?
Speaking on what the hell are they talking about? I know what they're talking about
From 116 votes. I should have probably got my ICC leave is what I should have gotten you know for this thing
I got them because they got the I see pants and the ICC leave the patch
I wasn't the sports talk occasionally 252. Yeah, they do have that the ICC leave patch and if you got Roy's man
You can't believe where you stick it. I love it listen a lot to sports talk 201
So you put those two again you got 37.2 percent. It's right. It's course. They mulch mid 194
Oh a little goes a long way 189 a little to able to us it's for sports and it's only 159
I hate it like poison 134 like poison. I hate sports 62 and I hate this pool 25
This is 516
Did you just hate people that use snappy openers for their show segments like that one to two hour?
When the scene is here
Yeah
I can't
You cut the juice, makes me, makes you leave
This is your name, the lone ranger
I was there
A fiery horse with a speed of light, a cloud of dust and a hearty high on silver, the lone ranger
With his faithful Indian companion, Toto, the daring and resourceful mask rider of the world
And he'll let the fight for law and order in the early western United States
No where in the pages of history can one find a...
Do you have any said no where?
We're here champion of justice
Return with us now to those thrilling days of yesterday year
A lot of the past come with wondering who beats of the great horse silver
The lone ranger rides again
That's a great
I won't tell you where, hold on
I won't tell you where, hold on
I won't tell you where, hold on
I won't tell you where, hold on
I won't tell you where, hold on
I won't tell you where, hold on
I won't tell you where, hold on
I won't tell you where, hold on
I won't tell you where, hold on
I won't tell you where, hold on
I won't tell you where, hold on
See a nice, really nice loud fart would have been perfect at the end of that, but...
Yeah, we have
Joyce would have been very upset about that, I don't got no happy castity, sorry, happy
That's as close as I could, although I did discover on this disc, I'd never played this before, I don't think
Folks, with this step of scope, Dr. Scott's fight
I don't know what you're gonna say, but...
Can you guys Bobby Daringen and I...
That's as Dr. Jimmy Durant, he's saying, if the doctors can't find your heartbeat, it's a fantastic stroke
And now, I gotta go and use this step of scope to see if my agent has a heart
Boy, here at a champion was the name of Unotry's Orchid
I'm gonna get loud
I'm gonna get loud and use this step of scope to see if my agent has a heart
Now, there's one of the great mysteries of all time, Jimmy Durant, did he look good?
No, could he sing?
No, he'd think a little on a piano, but he wasn't much of a pianist, but...
He's made a lot of money out of nothing, got a head to a mind, do you have a good set of hair?
No, no
Jimmy Durant, do you remember him?
I did, I did, I did
I never saw him
I'm here to tell you one thing, you never seen him, you don't know what he looks like
Old footage, old like...
Oh, well you have seen him, you know, like...
Yeah, yeah
What the big story looks like
Big snives and a bald head always wearing a hat
And, uh, yeah, gravel boys
Kind of like a white, bluey Armstrong, without the hanky
The nation's largest beverage distributors are agreed to halt nearly all soda sales to public schools
According to a deal announced today by the Bill Clinton Foundation
Yeah
I don't know, I'm out of the line, you couldn't say
No, I had nothing to do with that, I was just...
Because I like Clinton a lot as everybody knows
But there are certain things like his alliance with the elder Bush really bothers the hell of me
And this bothers me too, it bothers me, Bubba
Under the agreement, the companies agreed to sell only water, unsweetened juice
Unsweetened juice is like saying locale sugar, I mean, I don't know
And low-fat milks to elementary and middle school said, Jake Carson
A spokesman for former president Bill Clinton died so there's a be sold only at high schools
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Oh man
Elementary might do Watson, but that's very Watson
Oh, Cadbury Schwefs, Coca-Cola Company, Pepsico and the American Beverage Association
have all signed out of the deal
Carson says adding the companies served the vast majority of schools
The American Beverage Association represents the majority of school vending bottlers
So I guess that takes care of that, they've got to got it bottled up
That business is about unsweetened juice, then it's such a farce and such a lie, such a fraud
That's like a, you understand that there's lots of things
That's like day without immigrants, I beg your pardon
There's lots of sweetened juice, so like if you're going to have one, it's going to be the unsweetened
Will you listen to me?
No, I know what you're saying
Fruit juice is already sweetened
It's like sugar water
But up until now they sold fruit juice with added sugar, so it's even worse
Okay
Wouldn't it be better to have like diet sodas instead of unsweetened juice?
That would make more sense, but what do you know?
See, first of all, it's just like milk
When something is pasteurized, it's like, it's like heated at a very high temperature
Whatever nutrients might have been in there in the first place, by the time you in, in vibe, it's gone
You follow what I'm saying?
What do you say?
So the idea that they're getting any nutritional value from drinking that crap is, it's bull-
It's bull-man, it's bull-man
Bull-man
Yes, bull-milk?
Bull milk, the deal follows the waiver regulation by school districts and state legislatures
Quick drink and sell by soda!
The mid-report's of rising childhood obesity rates, so does it have been a particular, but you know something?
Just out of protest
Take a swig of mine to die of course
Take a swig of mine to die of course
Caffeine-free diet Pepsi, which I like a lot
Like a milk
And don't like it too bad
He's a good one to talk, man, with M. McDonald's, public that he had, he's trying to do something good
I'll say that he's doing a lot of good things and he's working in Africa and doing all kinds of good stuff
If you just stay away from Busti Elder though, and stay away from that Hillary, you know I know you don't really want to think about it
Don't worry about it
There's an article by the columnist Jeff Cohen, not to be confused with the Jeff Cohen that you knew
But I just put it on for tomorrow on our website about Tired of the Bushes and the Clintons
I think he's got a point, you know
Can we find somebody new already?
You know, we're not tired to take Kennedy because we like Ted and he's basically doing it when still live anyway
Except for somebody other underlings like Patrick
But I would agree with that
I mean, sort of way, she leads me limp, you know
She is so politically transparent that it's like looking through a paint of glass
She's a pain, even Bubba said that
And a death wish, I don't care what the poll numbers say
You really believe that? You don't think she could beat Rudy Giuliani?
So McCain with that puppy cheek, he's got a puppy cheek, you know
No, I don't think he's been sucking up the Bush lately a lot
No, I don't think so
Even with Charles Bronson, man, the Democrats, maybe they should run Charles Bronson, he could be like the mascot
You said of a bitch
Democratic death wish, from 131 votes
I think we got a real shot of 1300 or close to it today
If we get to 1300, Josh gets a big fat raise
I think we just have to start making things up and then tell Manu's, well this is a deal
Like what?
That's a good idea?
Make it what up
Like, like, like, like, just got the raise?
I definitely think that's a good idea
Yeah, I got a nice starting after the summertime
I work only like Monday through Thursday and you do Friday
So I never three day a weekend every weekend
Nobody else is on Friday anyway, everybody goes out of town
That sounds good
And then for doing that Friday, George gets triple his pay
Let's just start making it up
We can call it fat Fridays and all smoke fatty
I like that
Smoke a big fat one on Friday, sounds good to me
And if we've done it sooner, we could add fat rich on Fridays and fat
And a little later
Sorry
WQAM, hello
You know, you're the problem with us
Stop, stop, go away, go away, go back in
Your boyfriend kicked you out or what?
Huh?
Lost, a little boy lost
Go stick your thumb in it and see what happens
Okay, see what color it is when you pull it out of that plum
Plum, purple
WQAM, that means he voted in Iraq
How are we in?
Yes sir
I got a win in it for Neil
You're talking to Arnold, it's horses me
It really works
What is it?
You're talking to him, this is me
Oh, Neil
Not the MSO
I'm sorry, I've got a thing for your aches and pains
It's called a pig oil
What is it?
Big-a-low oil
Big-a-low
Big-a-low oil
And they use it on horses but people use it
I don't want people like you and me
Me?
I bet you can probably find some of that wood by this afternoon
They probably had all the horsemen who got that big-a-low oil
I got it in, baby
Well, there you go, all the horsemen like I said
Okay, thanks a lot, pal, I read it down
Big-a-low oil
Okay, thanks
So I got my mineralized, I'll try that and then my big-a-low oil
And probably by the time I finish my meal and all that this will go away anyhow
I don't think I'm dying yet
But it sure is a pain in the neck
But mostly in here
Most of the time I'm in this room, man
Oh, man, get the creepy crawly feeling like you're somehow connected to QAM
Probably some other... oh yeah
This is kind of cute
Where is it?
Oh, hi
My name's Toby Gillis
No!
No!
I know what you want to hear
Because you claimed you never saw this and probably ever before you were born
If it ever played
There it is
And I will be true, baby
Pretty co-natural
Yes, I will tell you
I will tell you
It was great, died in the car crash
Actually, it was murdered in the Edom's who did the White Alice Potsco's
She had to make some money to stay alive after he died
Ernie Kovac, she was great, one of the real pioneers
I'm sure you're very... are you writing all this down?
How did we get into this?
You stuck there?
You stuck there?
You stuck a lot of cancels some of what I wanted to do with Void
You know?
I wonder if William Void is related to tugboid from Rockingham Park
This is Neil Roger
Or Bobby Hunter's
This is five-sixty or Alex Winger
Neil God
You must be very, very quiet
When coals and allergies have your nasal passages
Feeding like a plugged up rabbit hole
Rabbit?
Well, reach for the double barrelled relief of
Sutafide
Like a shotgun and pill form
Sutafide hunts down the toughest sinus problem
There you are
Take that congestion
And that host nasal dweep
So whether it's cold season, allergy season, or rabbit season
Kill the rabbit, kill the rabbit, reach for Sutafide
And on low away you'll last a week cold and allergies symptoms
Stay here for a time and day
Oh, wow, oh, deep dirty kids and ho, ho, Bob
Well, howdy Mr. Doody
But that voice was sure I kind of going back and forth, wasn't it?
So does
Kind of hard to keep track
He's dead now Bob Smith Buffalo Bob
Well, anybody had the balls to admit he was from Buffalo
Only people I know who had been from Buffalo was Woody Graber and
Our close personal buddy, Fatboy
How's he doing by the way?
I know he sure ain't sound to show now
What did we ever find out about that sales shrinker we did not all
I just see new people but I don't know who's out
Maybe they just you know faded them out
You think?
I don't know
What does that mean?
Faded them out
Like just told them not to show up one day and never made any kind of an announcement or something
Well, let me know when you're stopped seeing certain people
All right
1247 votes on a pool and it's kind of like a mixed bag
There's sports talk radio is like I don't know
I mean how many times can you say five in a five minute period?
Five, five, five, five, five
Let's try it for the next five minute
Come on, girl, you can do it
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, oh we got a bad story here
Speaking of bad health
So let's see I got my big low and I got my mineral ice
I'm going to be smearing a lot of stuff
Maybe I should smear some of my machines over there woodmine
I think it would help
No, smear some on the button on the handle
Middle-aged white Americans are much thicker, much thicker than their counterparts in England starting new research shows
Despite US health care spending per person that's more than double what England spends
A higher rate of a rather, I bet you though if we compare teeth though Americans would beat the hell of them brits when them
Oh God, bad teeth and bad breath
A higher rate of Americans tested positive for diabetes and heart disease than English
Americans also self-reported more diabetes, heart attacks, strokes, lung disease and cancer
The gap between the country's holds true for educated and educated rich and poor
I bet you the Queen's in pretty good health at all bitch
At every point in this society in the social hierarchy there is more illness in the US than in England and the differences are really dramatic
The study co-authored Dr. Michael Marmo an epidemiologist at University College in London in England be soon
The study appearing today's urinal of the American Medical Association adds context to the already known fact that the US spends more on health care
than any other industrialized nation yet trails and rankings of life expectancy
That's because everything in the care every every every dime that could spend this country 9.5 cents is graphed
The US spends about 5200 bucks per person in healthcare while England spends about half of that in adjusted dollars
Everybody should be discussing it why isn't the richest country in the world the healthiest country Marmo says it's something of a mystery
said Richard Suzman of the US National Institute of Health which helped fund the study something of a mystery
The researchers look for ants maybe we just don't get enough toad in the hole
The researchers look for answers in the data which came from government sponsored health surveys
The research was supported by grants from government agencies in both countries or maybe we just don't get enough spotted
Our US researcher from the rank corporation was also on the team
Smoking rates are about the same in both sides of the pond
The English have a higher rate of heavy drinking when that's in that just meant to go?
Yes you did
But a higher percentage of Americans are obese
The researchers crunched numbers to create a hypothetical statistical world in which the English had American lifestyle risk factors including being as fat as Americans which they're not
In the model of researchers thought Americans still would be sicker oh brother aren't you sick of this?
Totally they're getting sick though
Only only non-Hispanic whites were included in the study were limited to the influence of racial disparities so you're out
The researchers looked only at people ages 55 through 64 I just get it on the bed and the average age of the samples was the same
Americans reported twice the weight of diabetes compared to the English 12.5 versus 6% for high blood pressure 42% American 34% for the brits
Cancer showed up at 9.5% Americans reported 5.5% of English
Maybe they're not being bombarded by so many chemicals and additives in crap like the Americans are
They're the fun
The upper crust in both countries was healthy to the middle class and low income people in the same country
But richer Americans health status resembled the health of the low income British wow
Health experts have known the US population is less healthy than that of other industrialized nations
According to several important measurements US life expectancy for example ranks behind that of about two dozen other countries
Some of the US's like because it's more ethnically diverse but this is a new study show that when minorities ever move from the equation
And just made a control for education income white people in England are still healthier than white people in the USA
As far as I know this is the first study showing this that Su's men have called the results surprising
Shocking
Oh my god
Earlier studies have shown the US does a poor job a peep poor job than other industrialized countries
And providing primary medical care to citizens especially to those with less education and income
Countries oriented toward providing good primary care basically do better in health they said
All right, that's where we're all sick
That's why every time you turn around somebody's croaking
I'm dying of it
Just like that poor Louis Rookhizer for Christ's 6th
Come on to 67 votes let's get a whole flurry of calls in here before Gelly comes on
5 6 7 0 5 6 the effect if we get enough calls maybe we can keep them off here
5 6 7 0 5 6 the and pound 5 6 the on the Verizon Singular wireless lines
W2 a.m. Hello
I'm Chris and I'm well
Yeah, okay good
That's it that's a medley of your read around you want to once that the late catches up man about five ten minutes
Then they're going to be smoking
You're going to be joining in oh, I don't need to excuse me probably most of these people are in the big caravan to the
Sea to go to the marlins game and watching them not against the enats when you think oh yeah
WQ a.m. Hello
5 6 7 0 5 6 let's see we can keep this up till two o'clock I kind of like the I like the direction we're going in right now
Oh, yes, I guess today with the numbers came in which the rest of we were going in
Whichever one is the closest to that bowl that magic porcelain bus somebody Q.A.M. Hello
Oh, look what just happened on there I heard you click it nothing happened
Try to get in like you mean it no no it just came up and said it's not we're not connected anymore
Oh boy operation timed out on the website you know what that means
Well, what does that mean we have no internet connectivity which means you won't be able to control the phone
Well, why should punch one off see if the same thing happened Q.A.M. Where is your material? I mean you guys talk about the same thing
Right, don't let them know you miss over your flight. Okay. Yeah, he punched it about Q.A.M.
I know
Q.A.M.
Hey, what's going on? I need to pick your new brain. Pick away man pick it. I said pick it.
I'm painting this house and every time I walk by the stupid fish mountain on a wall I hear this song and I need you I need you guys
expertise sing along here we go
That's not it this is it the stupid things
Yeah, talk ahead take me to the river
There you go there you got it go by it sure as I beats me Q.A.M.
No wait wait a minute. Oh go ahead one more
I'm alive I'm dying over there good that's the best news be it all day I think that was vozo
It sounded like vozo to me just climbing around 26 after one at 560 Q.A.M.
I've got a guilty come on Eric read a 330 with talk of the wrist teeth about the Miami Heat
Hey, if you love voting like so many people in South Florida do why can go out and waste a lot of money on a vote
And then you're in for a big headache or whole series of them or do this marketing and call
Tabnautico at 1 800 vote rent right now why would you want to pay the expenses of owning a vote when you can rent run totally
Hancell free join the club club not a co call 1 800 vote rent you'll be amazed to just how easy it is no
docking cost expensive up keeping sure it's or hurricane preparation God forbid that of course is deal
God with the vote from club not a co it's totally stress free and affordable to call 1 800 vote rent no getting the vote
Ready club not a co does it for you no cleaning up either they do that for you to a club not a co just hop on your
Vokal out and have a great time when you're done pulling the dock it off and leave just walk away it's that simple
Club not a co just set it and forget it 1 800 vote rent from unlimited voting to pay as you go small votes
Two yacht charters all of these things it's club not a co they can handle it all for you call 1 800 vote rent and let
Club not a co Taylor a plan to fit your needs and your budget get on the water today with club not a co
1 800 vote rent this is new Rogers this is 5.62
Look crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time
I think you're last 131 at 560 WQM
Pro 169 votes will make that 13 hundred easy today huh Josh gets the big raise starting next week all right big 7.8 earthquake in the
South Pacific Tonga and Fiji and whatever Tonga ever heard of Tonga yeah heard of it never been there let's go
See right now so long way away man so long haul new army documents released by the ACLU so what's the story this phone is like an
Operative now on our spec Q.A.M. Hello
Hey Neil good afternoon just want to let you know the four water deal is the best place on earth to learn because of sheriff Ken Jenny and the
brother's here office
Yeah
Oh man he must have got about half the shipment that guy it's nice to share it's your is bring some over okay
Georgia stay around late he'll stick around special the chef coach special
WQA.M. Hello
How did this just happen if this thing came back on by us as it's coming and going oh it's coming and going
WQA.M. Hello connection Q.A.M. talk fast
Okay
And line nine here's Josh's line Q.A.M. Josh line
No
Even calling long distance on that line what a rocket scientist man of course he's got the big bucks
He's got the heavy duty cash
New Army documents released by the ACLU today with your life attendance in a Ricardo Sanchez
Well, it's picking a Ricky taking Sanchez. We were just saying I was saying before the show today
You notice how see it and they kept they kept bearing him first they hand him on there in the morning and people are
screaming like oh are you crazy and then they stuck him on there
They they put him out there in the middle of the hurricane try to get him drowned that didn't work
Then they stuck him on some crap late at night and then he just basically disappeared
Ricky Tickey
Anyway, Lieutenant General Ricardo Sanchez ordered interrogators to go to the outer limits to get information from detainees
See if I was really sharp
I would play the theme from the outer limits which I do have it
But I'm not gonna play it because I would put that disc on the floor the documents also show that senior government officials were well aware of abuse
Interracun Afghanistan before the Abu Garret scandal broke when our leaders
Allow and even encourage abuse at the outer limits America suffers said Anthony Romero
I wonder if he's keen to Randy Romero ACLU executive director a nation that works to bring freedom and liberty
Whether parts of the world shouldn't stomach brutality and inhumanity within its ranks this abusive power was engineered and accepted that the highest
Levels of our government. What do you think that means? I don't know what is it me?
The ACLU said the document makes very clear that while president Bush and other officials assured the world that while what occurred at
Abu Garret was the work of a few bad apples
Or they were in the outer limits
The government knew that abuse was happening in numerous facilities in Iraq and Afghanistan of the 62 cases being investigated at the time of these 26 and
Bob the tani deaths
The paper outlined the status of the 62 investigations cases include assaults punching kicking beatings mock executions
Sexual assault of a female detainee threatening to kill in a raki child of sentiments to other raki's stripping detainees
Begging them and chucking them in the blasting device throwing rocks at handcuffed or raki children choking detainees with knots of their scars and interrogations at gunpoint
I just don't understand why we didn't get that candy and flowers for our guys you they're just in great
Ungrateful bastards schmatte heads
Shame on you. Okay, that's enough. Who was that strange guy that was on outer limits?
So was the narrator he was he was no he was in the day that we're maybe he was just in a lot of the appa
No, the day the world ended
He played out a space guy no not Vincent price come on you know the guy very strange
The world the the earth stood still that's what I just said Michael ready. That's it. And you know that you look it up
No, I know Michael runny is the guy for the day the earth. That's the guy Michael ready. What tells wrong with you because of the raki
Horror picture show lyrics he was on outer limits a lot because because you look like a
Space man here the tall man calls very thin very strange here the in those eyes you know all six of them
5 6 7 0 5 he was maybe one of the original guys with the eyes 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 but I wish he did not have a
David Cassidy blow up dog WQ a.m. Hello not there and here's the only other one Q. I.m
Hey me how are you doing? Yes, sir
Listen about your neck and shoulder pain. Yeah, don't rob it. Rub and don't work
I'm gonna give you the secret it's inversion get yourself an inversion table go upside down
I'm telling you it works out the same thing. I'm what does that mean go upside down?
What does that mean? In version table you know you
said in it you lean back and you go over but you don't have to go 90 degrees you go like 45 degrees
And the pain is gone forever. How about 98 degrees? You can go that far if you wish
I would say I'm a 55 degrees right now. Okay, thanks a lot pal. He didn't get it. Yeah, you need it anywhere
He would now Nicola Shay from Nick Nolte. I don't like Nick Nolte by the way. I don't know by you
I mean I just if I see a movie with him in it I move along. No, he's been in good movies in the past but
So I changed my time
What's the one with Eddie Murphy 48 hour? Yeah, okay. I know it's not for you because you don't like black people
Well, what kind of a comment is that? Well, you don't like Eddie Murphy. I like seven
Well, William
What's his name was in that Morgan Freeman fair child. Yeah, eight hours was a very good movie
I think I seen it comedy violence nudity. It was great. I think I actually seen it for everyone
And it was also in the movie with that middler. Oh, yeah, down and out in Beverly Hills. They're right. That was good
The first one was good and then they could make a sequel. Yeah, I did
I always do that bad move
Nobody Q.A.M. Hello. Hey, nearly with so-and-please
I get into the eldest comp at some crazy blue on his teeth. Well, listen to his wife. Yeah
Yeah, that's a good idea. Once you have Josh Sneakout you got a probably got a big tube
Q a crazy blue in there somewhere or Elmer is one of those super glue would be good. Oh
Boaker just caught up with the delay. Yeah, Michael runny was on one step beyond not the hoter lens
No, and when she was he'd like to host on that show or what? I don't know in 30 seconds. Well, though
Seems to me. I remember him at the beginning of one of those other space those space could I show as Michael and he was very
Spacey kind of guy. Not a spacey as Kevin spacey and certainly not gay. Nobody Q.A.M. Hello
Oh
W.D. Q.A.M. Hello
Hello. Yes. Neil. Yeah. Hey, what's up man? How you doing? All right
You saw the game last night. What game was that?
The theme and what is that?
The flint of flyers in the sabers. I saw the sabers kick filly s7-1. I saw that. Hey George
Now we don't care about your basketball crap. Okay, get lost Tullio. Get back on your inner tube. Okay, Q get lost. Sail away
Let's bring alien back and exchange him for that punk. Shout again. Nice nice. To the game. Nice guys
Fan wagon jump and phony piece of crap. Who the hell are you kidding? Huh? Maybe wants to roll upwards
I'd get that icy sleeve right now. I'll tell you where to stick it pal. Let's go. No you do whatever you want
Whatever makes you happy. What a jerk
See the game last night
I tell you I wouldn't want even even though it really does look spectacular in HD
the NBA uh any basketball game
Any live sporting event, but I would I would say that basketball. I don't know why really
Baseball looks great in HD hockey essential but basketball even though I never watch it in HD
Manage it's stellar it's spectacular because you don't like black people
There is one or two white guys in air. Vic. No, it wasn't me. You're confusing me with Josh Cordes who said he was
Glad that Steve Nash was gonna be the MVP for the second year in a row because he's not glad to see a white guy get it
No, that was you so now this is all not starting to make sense
Oh, yeah, that was me that said I wouldn't know Steve Nash from a Nash Rammur how do you like that?
But what does that have to do with Vic parent? Can 80 good Canadian boy with who?
Vic parent was the narrator in the outer limits. So opening theme
What does that have to do with Michael Renny? Oh because that's who you thought that was
But you just got tell me the name of the other show you're supposed to look that up and see who the narrator was
What was the name of the show once step behind?
Well, he was the narrator on I'm telling you right now man if I'm lying you're dying
No, that's that's the point
Well, what is the point you thought Michael Renny was on the outer limits, but he was on one step
I thought until chicken that corrected me, okay, right? But now you're supposed to verify he was the narrator of the
It just because he said he was on it. Okay, doesn't mean he was the narrator. This is true
I'll get the whole report get on it
141 man speaking to be an on it
He's on helium and he'll be right to a clock
In fact the friend of mine told me heard him the first time few days ago and he thought he was on and remember I used to do the helium balloon thing
Oh, yeah, that was fun. He said I have never heard anybody who sounded so much like they were on helium
He's a gas that guilty
You know being outdoors in South Florida, we need comfortable shoes
The only place you want to take your tutsies is Brandy shoes in Pompato Beach because they got the unbeatable combination waiting for you
Public hot brands. What is it Kevin Conway was the control voice coach Conway right
Brandy's carries all the major brands like Floreshrime echo mafisto rockport hush puppies new mouse donut erupting now or I
Take your ass and tons of other name brands and all sizes for men and women
They even carry wide widths and hard to find sizes for those of you without of this world freaky feet
Brandy shoes is the largest independent shoe retailer in South Florida when you see the selection value get a brandy's
You'll see why I've been raving about them for years and years and years in fact when you talk to Arnie over there
He'll make damn sure that you get the right fitting shoes for your feet at the right price every time
And all of these department stores where you have to wait forever to get any service
And they never have your size and stock anyway the only thing they do with brandy is issues
So don't worry about size or selection or service or price brandy's is absolutely unbeatable
Brandy shoes 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompano weeks between and landing copes on the east side
You can't miss it Brandy's open every day of the week Monday through Saturday's till nine and Sunday's till five
And this week again is a great time to buy men's rock ports at Brandy's save 10 to 20 bucks a pair of all great men's styles this week
So come in and come into Brandy's for sure or do your shoe shopping on their website at brandy shoes.com
This is Neil Rogers
This is 516 QA
Kana this is Joe born the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God
For your next vacation a
Spirien's Mexico the way our people experience your country
Almost kids keep paddling
That was the border to Mexico and we're catered to your every knee
What I mean, let's I don't understand anyway. We're here for the free medical care
And the doctors will need to speak English because we're too lazy to learn Spanish
Jenny and I got there. Yeah, I'm pregnant again with twins
And if they're born here, they're automatically Mexican citizens then we can all become citizens
They speak English in Mexican schools right? Yeah, well they better
This summer make Mexico your very own kids once I get my forged Mexican driver's license
We can buy a crappy Mexican car
Can you stop an American flag bumper sticker on it? You're doing too
We don't want to lose our identity
We can not make you ease
You know, I don't want to say Miguel is incompetent, but you know what?
What he's incompetent you're that CD that you told me how many days ago he claimed he's saying he fedexed me that thing
This South Park thing with the Oprah
Version right it was a couple days ago that he claimed that he sent it. Yeah, so
Well, how long does it take on FedEx? I sent something before six o'clock a night it gets there the next morning every single time
Well, I'm sure that by sent it every single time when he says that he sent it
I'm sure that that means that he gave it to someone I
Seen let me just put it this way
Somebody faxes and says one step beyond host is John Nulin. I thought you just said that no
I gave you the other house the voice of control
Oh, and I was gonna give you that but then you said don't interrupt so oh
Although in interrupt what was I in the middle of the spot or something? Yes, but like that
Don't ignore it. I think you asked
Cut the crap man interrupt Gellie and tell him
Run step beyond
It's right up his alley. I'm sure he's gonna be talking about non-stop over over. I have a task. He last night
That's all he got going man
See it's pretty tough to be to have two sports stations when there's no sports going on
You got that series going. I wish they tried damn well. They will blow that thing man
Listen to a girls team two games there in Chicago getting blown out to one game real bad
And then you got the marlins which nobody and I do mean nobody cares
You know, and it's interesting to watch like about four seconds of a marlin game on TV
Okay, because you watched the people in the stands and of course you can count them
Individually if they were just scanned back and show you but they don't want to do that and it's like they went to a Sunday picnic or something
You know all they got to do is bring the ants. It's just I don't know
There's no atmosphere there because everybody knows that this is a this is a farce
This is a farce that they're putting on oh, but we want and the fans at this station really agreed to pay them the full broad and of course
We have no way of knowing but the full amount for the broadcast fees where we must be crazy
We need a group of bottoming what we already know that but she's I mean the product that they're putting out there
I mean the amazing part is they're actually scoring some runs Josh not really but what do you mean not really
They're losing like seven to five and eight to five and they're scoring some runs
But no matter how many they score they give up a whole much more
I mean the grandly of it they're really not hitting but you know just because
Because they lose day they lose day the marlins their feeling is crap. I think that I think they got the worst feeling
Of percentage in the majors don't they ever think I read that this moment. I'm not sure
Well, you better check it out man. You don't touch your ties with the marlins now
Just because you got this big fat raise from a clarebell. I have it
Well, I'm quite let me put it to you this way when you see the first paycheck that comes through with the
Well, whatever the adjusted amounts of course we then then you start saying okay now things are hunky-dory
You know like Bob Schieffer would say okey-doki in other words don't count your chickens before they lay a big fat one
Okay, it's just my advice you do whatever you like I
I
1300 three votes already look at that
Because you know George is getting pretty tired of having like send you all these checks every couple of months
Get really tired of it. They told me was bad enough. He was supporting beener boy
That wasn't bad enough. We found under the overpass somewhere or over the underpass
God, why would how did you find him?
If he tells me at the time I tell the story
Well, I don't know because I don't think I ever got a straight answer and I never even got a
Okay, I know you tune me on every time I talk so I don't just do that and then you put it up every time I tell it
Well, make up a different story this time or entertaining. Oh, there was a light in the sky
It turned out to be a spaceship landing
Was Michael writing it? Yeah, and he came out holding a Michael runny's hand
Yeah, Michael ran me over here first. I just picked this guy up in Uranus
Would you give him a job somewhere and I said yeah, I don't want that
I'll tell you one thing you make up any more stories like that. I think you're a
I don't have time to read more in doubt
It's not that long. I don't think I do. I'll save it for tomorrow. So I will be on our website anyway
The captors become the captors the ransom the she says the invasion of Iraq has turned into ransom of red chief
How about the ransom of red bull?
In fact, isn't that those were the drinks that he was pouring red bull and vodka in a movie your last night
The boogie man it's the way to go red bull and vodka good stuff and then
I he opened up the door and all of a sudden he was back in his house and he freaked out that neighbor broad and then
He went they drove back to the motel and sure enough there were the two drinks untouched by human glands
Yeah, what's that boogie man all your kids out there when you think the boogie man is under the better when a closet
Well if you get Tom Cruise and John Provolta get out of there first
Just count to five just be very quiet and count to five
What happens when you get to six that that was yeah, that was pretty good line. Yeah, remember that I
Remember I don't care. Well, it wasn't what you call a memorable movie, but it was it was okay
But the ending just I mean you talk about destroying
Hey, we just there was there was a lot of special effects and a lot of action and a lot of you talk about flickering of lights and
And that was it and then he got rid of the boogie man
We I still don't know how and I'm sure is how I'm not gonna you know dig it up and watch it again
Even though very Watson's in it. He's a fine young man. It's 32 by the way very
Watson he survived Hodgkin's disease
It nice come back
Getting some parts in some really crappy movie over some of the other ones you told me he was in oh
fraternity boy
Yeah, sorority boys. That's what I see where he was and dragged the whole time
That's the only other one that I can think of I'll be no you tell me one other one too list
Why you better go back and google a while and do the spot
153 at 560 elementary my dear Watson
You know south Florida's famous for its trade shows among many of the things of course
We got your boat shows and car shows and bridal shows and home shows art fairs galore and lots more now if your trade show
Exhibitor you're naming me need to think about is pubseth these are the people you ought to be talking to because pubseth
Creates the absolute top of the line attention grabbing steel customers from the competition trade show displays
Call 954
777 272 75 right now and
Pubseller he you all set for success when it comes to design printing posters ban is especially trade show displays
Pub sets been doing their very best in town for over 14 years call 954
777 272 75 right it down for Pubset 954
777 272 75 from design to set up Pubseck and how all your trade show needs and rest assured that Pubset will separate you from the competition
Dole looks second rate because you only get one chance to look great
Pub sets the smart way to go and be sure you're gonna come out on top 954
777 272 75 or online is pubsetss.com for top-notch design
Pratio graphics and displays Pubset be the way to go look for my ugly grotesque ass picture under building a log dixie highway
Just know the commercial boulevard call Pubset today 954
777 272 75
This is Neil Rogers
This is 562
The dialogue on the TV show 24 it's not you
They mumble and whisper
The following takes place between 1am and 2am
The Jacket we've got a new lead on a think talk gas
What's that Jack?
I don't get that
Why are you getting mad at me?
I just can't understand you 24 if your volume is not on 24 you can't hear poop
I'm not gonna tell you anything Jack power
I'm not
Why?
I have no idea what you're talking about
I'll try anything you want just tell me what you're saying
Oh my god
This is driving me crazy
24 the only way you'll be able to understand what's happening is if you use your clothes captioning
I'm gonna try something crazy
What happened?
I think you're following this in podcast
I'm gonna say you dad
I hope you're there
What's your first letter?
Oh
Oh
Oh
24 we're even the SAP button can help you
We can't put it in podcast
What?
We can't understand
We can't put it in podcast
We can't put it in podcast
I'm not
24 may it be nice to hear what was actually happening wouldn't it?
Oh
I love you
I love you
What do I know?
Don't leave me alone I gotta push on my face
24
Go to
On
