The music's pressed on the previous cover, and those of the host, Beth and Paul, and do not reflect the real-world record we were talking to with people, and we're talking to the developers for agencies.
That would be bad.
The biggest name, the best talent, this is sports radio 560WQAAM Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Go Rogers, God.
Yo, coming live to a small club near you, it's America's most hated. That's right, y'all. I'm speaking about K-Face.
Yo, y'all, Popos out, Popos out. Yo, y'all, this be K-Face Kevin Federline, y'all.
Why ain't y'all hate us been buying tickets to my shows? That's right, y'all. In case you didn't hear, because obviously y'all haven't heard.
I'm taking the America's most hated tour around the country. Now, in case y'all didn't know, I opened with Popos out, and I closed with it, and just through my die-hard fans, I played in the middle.
And then again, I played in the encore too. So, in the words of my Portuguese friends, Popos out, Popos out. In other words, girl, bring your ass.
The following is a testimony from an African American man who's won a K-Face boy. Now, I'm playing for real. K-Face got streetcrap.
Not really, he does. Y'all just listen.
Yo, yo. Come check out, K-Face.
Not dog, that's K-Face.
Damn. Come check out K-Face, live in concert.
He is one of my top dogs and me and a lot of my other boys frequently hang out.
Yo, I am reading this sh**.
Yo, check out K-Face. Plenty of tickets feel available. Good, good ticket. Really good ticket. As a matter of fact, it's from Rotakeyslap.
Two for one. Yo, just meet me out front. The tickets are free, dog. Just check out K-Face live.
So, like many have said for a long time, Brittany's taste obviously is inner tush. It's a 10.02 at 5.60 WQM. Happy Thursday to you in November 16. Wow.
Yeah.
Exactly. So, thanks to George S.J. he's a good thing. It's fortuitous that I had the trip to Woodbuy because otherwise it wouldn't change the pool.
I would have forgotten to put the engine in the window. I had a little loss. Although yesterday, there is something they do nice, which is very unusual.
And that is that holiday time, which is like this time of the year, they like all the regular plungers depending on how much you plunge your guts out.
They can tell that by tracking your card. They give you a holiday gift. I mean, 500 bucks again this year. Wow.
So, that diminished my losing considerably yesterday. So, wasn't all that bad. But anyway, I'm changing the pool because that was my bad leaving Indians off the pool.
Of course, leave it to George. He knows his engine. I still got a lot of guilt about that. Yeah, because he used to be a...
But anyway, so they're leading the pool. Won't get to that one. Now, am I supposed to care about the story about the robber and clerk in the...
Oh, no, it's the machete standoff, whatever.
I just felt like he'd actually...
I just felt like he'd actually...
I just felt like he'd actually felt like the fact that...
I mean, there's a lot of stuff I read that's probably pretty boring too, but not quite that boring.
More bad news from Iraq. So, Eric Rie was honest more... Did he say guilty? That's right.
Oh...
You've got to stop doing that...
That switching over until about 9.59.30. I get so depressed.
Gjaldi was on air tonight. Well, you talk about an audience killer, a showstopper. Panthers in the Canadians tonight, all the frogs will be there at the Macarena.
The Montreal Canadians and the Panthers, I'd say at the Washington Game on Monday, if there were like eight people there was a lot.
I think they just moved around a lot.
13 people were killed and 9 wounded in various attacks in Iraq's capital this morning.
As the bloodshed... Are they in a civil war? I think they're close to a civil war.
Uh-huh.
Your medium, man. They should only rot.
In Eastern Baghdad, government opened fire on a bakery killing 9 and wounding two.
Once the civilian was killed, another wound in the same neighborhood when a roadside bomb detonated.
When a bomb occurred on the day.
The southwestern Baghdad once the civilian was killed, another wounder when a bomb strapped to a bicycle exploded.
In central Baghdad, two civilians and were killed 5 wounded by a car bomb planted on the main road.
Today's violence comes in after 17 people were killed in attacks around Baghdad.
It just... chaos is what it is.
And we caused it. There's so much blood on America's hands now. It's like an ocean of blood.
Like a sea of blood.
What I do with the yesterday's poor result, I think I just tore it in half.
That would be bad, wouldn't it?
So I guess what I do is I click on review previous and there it is.
Well thanks to you, Eric. Man, Eric, he's got it... he's got it laid out for us so easy there.
Now yesterday we were streaming and it sounded really great according to the audience.
And one guy said usually on the streaming online it sounds like...
Like we're talking through a toilet paper roller.
So I took... I ran out of toilet paper on the one roller this morning.
And I had an answer for you on why it sounds better.
Why does it sound so much better, Joe?
George Corso told me yesterday that we have more bandwidth now.
Woo! All right!
Like a bandwidth.
In other words it's going to sound that much better every day.
It's racing online.
Crystal.
As opposed to talking through a toilet paper roller.
It's being a little un-gisely sound.
Never did a show up. Maybe I'll do the whole show today.
Talking through a toilet paper roller.
No, if you could just get a take a helium and that toilet paper roller.
That would be really great. That would be special effects.
Which religious group is the most malignant that was yesterday's pool?
We had 14, never to 85 votes on that pool.
Sixteen. How many we have? Not how many we got.
Well that was the day before we had 1600 during the show.
How could we have 1600?
We had a total of 14, 85. Got them. I stupid or what? Yes.
Old and stupid.
Which religious group is the most malignant?
But Bernigan Christians just kicked ass in this pool.
720. Nobody came close to you. Bernigan Christian fanatics.
You losers, you nut jobs.
You evil doers.
720. Nearly half. 48.4%.
Pick it on import born again. Christians.
Muslim 384.
Scientologists 121 way out of proportion to their percentage of the population.
That's amazing. Scientologists.
You see a scientist on the street just yell out,
You fairy.
I'll tell you'll be spot on.
I hate this pool. 107.2%.
Catholics 80. They got off the hook.
I thought really easy in this one.
And Orthodox Jews 73.
That was the, let's see,
View previous, View current.
There we go.
Boy, that's like magic.
That's really like magic.
Current pool. We already got 968 votes.
968. That's great.
So I think our goal is 1000.
Throughout American history,
which group has been treated the worst?
Did we ever do this one?
I don't think so. Probably.
Probably. Probably.
We've done them all.
So I left Indians off.
They're in George luckily.
Thank God that George was right on top of us.
He thought, oh man, Indians had those.
We had the white man had guns.
And disease.
And we genocide them and broke every treaty.
But other than that.
Yeah.
But we smoked the old peace pipe with a murderous
New Lake.
And then 406.
Treated badly.
Lacks 229.
And then it's a, that's it.
That's the only, yeah, pretty bad going on.
After that, it's a way down to Jews 72.
Gays 49.
Women 47.
I hate this poll.
Only 37, 3.8%.
Well, I'm glad they like it.
Gays should be in third.
I mean, everybody's still messing with them.
You know, in the American data episode,
you sent me there's a great line in there.
He said, gays are what blacks used to be in a row.
Oh, yeah, they do.
Black.
Yeah.
They do black.
K to a treat them bad.
Catholics 15 and Mexicans only 13.
Oh, no, tell it to Lou Dobbs.
He won't be too happy about that.
Oh, you Mexicans turn around and go.
Black way it came from immediately.
What?
The special effects.
The special effects is good.
Well, I figured that way.
Maybe our line will sound better than we do one day.
This sounds like that Clinton bit with Hillary in the background.
What?
What?
Yeah, Clinton's in Chapacol.
I just played it.
You're not going to come in to play in the game.
No, no, no, no, no.
My mind isn't that rebate yet.
Yes, it is.
It's not that bad yet.
They weren't paying too good yesterday, they'd be honest with you.
And speaking of that, this headline tells you everything you need to know about South Florida
and the so-called media.
Man, you're playing the game.
People have the Harold and the Sun settle.
You are an absolute joke.
And nobody's laughing, that's the sad part.
There's nothing worse than a joke when nobody laughs.
It means it's a bad joke.
The headline, the article is by John Bernstein spelled a bursting.
And Jamie Maloney.
We got more bandwidth.
That's why if you're listening online, we sound like so crystal queer.
Oh, it's big kind of crystal queer.
We got Brady Quinn on our Myspace page.
We have 769 friends, by the way.
769.
Oh, I'm sorry.
He's on the 100 website as well.
69.
What?
He's on the website as well.
Oh, is he?
Well, where do I find that?
He's not naked, but he's like, sure, listen to much too.
Oh, there he is.
Wow.
A very prominent picture right under the pool of his Brady.
He noted him, quote, back number 10.
I give him a 10.
I give him about an 85 on a scale of one.
Good, God.
Just a little bit too muscle bound for me.
I don't think I could handle that.
I give it a shot though.
Anyway, getting back to this and stop with that Brady Quinn stuff.
You know, I've been watching him play for two seasons now.
What is it that all of a sudden yesterday got me all whipped up about him?
Maybe I'm just extra horny or something like that.
Maybe it's the time of the year.
Maybe I would like a belated birthday present and find him in my bed tonight.
Wouldn't that be nice?
Anyway.
So the headline says in the SunCentral, hundreds had gall-streamed Parkinson's and went, love
it even as they lose.
You know, this is just...
It's so typical.
And I realized that the people who wrote the article don't write the headline.
It's some...
It's a separate jackass.
But that's just exactly what you'd expect from the hero of the SunCentral.
Those evil one-armed bandits, they're extracting the money from you.
Yeah, so anybody who goes to a casino expecting to win is an idiot.
I mean, you know, there's a chance you might get lucky and win like Josh's friend at 110 grand,
who's a real puss because he didn't share.
He should have given you half.
If he was a real friend, he'd have said, here, here's a grand anyway.
When you think?
Listen, he got a room and paid for drinks that night.
He didn't have to give me any money.
That's good enough.
He got a room for you guys.
Well, they gave him a room because he won.
And you shared it with him.
Anyway, getting back to the...
I'll let you talk to that.
You got to shovel out today.
Oh, and the goodness is Josh saw the movie last night.
He watched Matchpoint.
And...
It was fantastic, actually.
Told you.
I was surprised how good it was.
And the ending was sensational.
We're not going to ruin it for anybody because then you won't want to go see it.
Right.
But Scarlett Johansson is in there looking just as pristine and clean and fine as it can be.
And Johnathan Riesmeyer is looking a little bit fade to me, but then again, he's British.
But the acting is excellent.
And Woody Allen did a phenomenal job.
You know, I don't like him, but I'll be...
See, one thing about me, I'm fear.
Right.
Even if it's somebody I can't stand if they come out with something really good, I'll tell you.
Everyone's in a while.
Well, I can't really...
Like if Domino's ever came out with a good pizza, we'd tell you about it.
Anyway, you were brutally yesterday.
I think about that book.
It's the worst...
It's the worst ever made.
She stood in front of the $5.
I don't have time to do this before because I want to go through this whole thing.
Because it just...
It's like something revolutionary happened in Florida yesterday.
Like how many years it's got to be like, what, 50 years, 60 years they've been like running the slot machines in Vegas, even the old fashioned ones, you know?
With the cherries and the fruits.
A lot of fruits and Vegas.
But at any rate, I mean, like something new and revolutionary happened.
All can you believe it?
Slot machines in Florida and the fat ass governor is probably squeezing his kneecaps he's so upset about.
He's probably having wild...
Explosive diarrhea off there in Tallahassee.
Wouldn't surprise me if that whole city got swept away in a big sea of wild...
The biggest names of best people in the Red Peas, Neil Rogers, Fort Radio 560, UAM.
All the crap you can unwrap, all the slime all the time.
Goodbye, Brumsville, drop dead and earn an hellet.
It's much too late to confess that I ran, was just for oil.
We hope you die of festering for oil.
Absolutely, you know you're pretty stinking out.
But evil never dies, so how about a nice refreshing dunk on the water port?
That your pals at Blackwater asked for.
And there were many unknowns and known you didn't know that most they were unknowns.
So kill the Germans about your plan for concentration camps.
Your pentagon for safety has never been in.
Just like push on down, you're a failure in the streets.
The Robin Hood of G.
I'm dying off of here.
Excellent news. 10, 17, and 5, 60.
Now I don't want to get a little bit too carried away here, but I didn't notice something.
And maybe both of you can help me out on this, since you can look at it more objectively than I can.
Being the old fact that I am.
You know this picture that we have here of Brady Quinn Schruittless on our website?
Yes you do.
George, are you looking at it?
No, I haven't.
Well, I've got it too.
Just clench your teeth and look at it.
I'm looking at Josh below the naval.
I don't see any pubic here.
That picture goes way down almost to his private.
And I don't see any pubic here there.
Don't tell me Brady Quinn Schruittless is a crotch.
That sounds awfully gay.
You know what I'm saying?
Am I wrong?
I don't know.
It's going to take a while for me to get there.
I'm loading now.
Free to get where?
I said, for me to be able to look at the picture.
Well, where is that?
Very slow connection here.
I got it here.
I don't want to shock you.
Yes, being the old timer that you are.
But it's for a long time now, clean shaven has become the among jocks and people who work out.
Get out of here.
All right.
That sounds awfully gay.
Yeah, likewise.
But nevertheless, he's got a little second that though.
Listen, there's no chest hair on a man's age.
There should be chest hair.
So obviously he's shaving and where the razor stops.
No, no, no.
No, don't tell me this on a man's age.
He's like 22 or 3 years old.
That's what I'm saying.
The better guys that don't have any chest hair.
There are guys that are 30 who don't have any chest hair.
What do you mean by that?
If they're 30 and they don't have any chest hair and they're a white guy, then they're shaving.
He's 22 years old.
Asians, sometimes don't have chest hairs and you know the engines.
A lot of times, they don't have chest hairs.
Anyway, we don't want to get the dog down there.
This man is shaving.
Maybe he had laser hair removal.
Lairs or third hair.
Or maybe he like uses a nair or a neat or something like that.
Maybe he smears that on.
That sounds really.
Anyway, he's a nair duel.
I don't think so.
Last night, this is the worst story I have ever seen.
Red had the misfortune.
And it's very short and sweet and right to the point.
And a grotesque.
Grotesque.
Uh-huh.
Speaking of Larry King.
Last night CNN's Larry King confessed to Rosa and Barr that he's never used the Internet.
King expressed out that the Internet was a viable political medium because there's 80 billion things on it.
When Barr said she liked the Internet, King acknowledged I've never done it, never gone searching.
He says, do you punch little buttons and things?
Barr said King would love the Internet if he tried it.
King replied, I wouldn't love it.
What do you punch little buttons?
But Barr even offered to show him how to use it.
King declined.
He declined to use it.
And it's got the, this is on thing progress.
You can actually watch it.
What do you want from a diaper wearing fossil?
With a bag.
It's in the bag, Larry.
You know what I mean?
Good.
These people that want to live in the Stone Age.
And you know, whatever.
I have no respect for that.
It makes me nauseous.
People are all, I don't have a computer.
I don't read that.
Lazy man, lazy.
Anyway, getting back to the story about hundreds of Gulfstream
Parkes, you know, I love it even as they lose.
So you're telling me that Brady Quinn shaves his private, huh?
No, that's not what I'm saying, but I wouldn't be surprised.
Oh, it's all around.
What's the purpose of that?
You want this one, Josh?
I mean, there's a lot of, there's a lot of, I remember when you were giving
Joe Castillo a hard time over the, the shaving things.
Yeah, you know, it's fairly standard anymore for people.
A lot of women, a lot of women like it like that these days.
I was in her pocket waiting to gamble.
Gulfstream Park Racing, Castillo, it would have been open for 30 minutes.
And she just won $215 on a single spin.
Wednesday was Dean Barker's 54th birthday.
She celebrated by becoming one of the first people in the state to play
laws.
Vegas style slot machines.
She had a decent machine, man, maybe.
This is a birthday present for myself.
She said over the chaotic, relentless symphony of clangs, beeps, and
machines money.
Within a half hour, the casinos opening, people had parked themselves in front of
more than 80% of the 516 machines.
That's pretty weak.
I wouldn't have thought there would have been an open machine.
Would you want opening day?
In this town?
Yeah, it'll take a while.
Hundreds of people largely retirees, flock to the Hellendale Beach Race Track
casino to try their luck.
It was today, South Florida's paramutual industry had a long force that seeks to
be vibrate, flagging fortunes in the face of the lottery, casinoships,
and most of all, the Seminal Hard Rock Hotel and Casino and Hollywood, those engines.
For the next few weeks, at least Gulf Stream Park has a monopoly on the state for the
clandestory gambling devices like those found in Vegas and Atlantic City, and it would
bind in every race track in Ontario, and in a lot of other places too, but of course,
this is the Sun Central.
Marty Gras hopes to open its slots room next month, Poppano Park is shooting for
early 2007, and Daniel Highlight's casino is tentatively set to start in 2008.
They're little eight, 2008.
The Seminal Tribe currently has classed two slots, big hostile machines, and it's seven Florida
casinos but's pushing to get the class three machines to mine.
They want their real machines, not just airsots, not phony baloney.
Gulf Stream Park opened its casino with no promotional campaign game only 17 hours notice,
two hours before the new opening, plastic still hung over the casino sign only one person
waited to give them the slots room.
Two hours before.
I thought maybe there'd be a big crowd today at Dykeman 60, a Davey air conditioning
contractor, maybe it's still too early.
It was, by 1155 more than 210 people waited in line among the Endoras Keep 66 of Davey,
who left the Seminal Hard Rock ones demorning to play the Gulf Stream slots.
If they loosen them, screws up on those machines a little bit where I can put a little
money in my pocket, they'll get a regular customer keeps it, loosen the screws up.
Slots are redicting the hypnotizing, the machines will hypnotize you, and you know something
that's very perspicacious Doris who are absolutely correct.
They are hypnotizing.
I remember I used to tell you about the spin symbol on the Wheel of Fortune, it's hypnotic.
It is.
Keeps said she loves to play the slots, one's playing them for 36 hours straight at the Seminal Hard Rock.
Like I said Doris gets them help.
I worked all my life, she said I worked for Ford Motor Company for 30 years.
It's my time now, if I lose I lose if I win I win.
You don't have many years to go when you're my age, you said.
Oh, she's a how old?
66, oh she's right.
Moments before the public was allowed inside, Gulf Stream Park, that state senator Steve Geller,
Halondale Beach Mayor Joy Cooper and Vice Mayor William Julian be the first to take a spin.
Geller and Julian each fed a dollar bill into a 5 cent lucky lemmings machines while Cooper put a dollar into a 5 cent
super jackpot party machine.
Oh, they were playing the 5 cent machines, big spenders baby, I'll ride.
They pressed their buttons simultaneously, each seemed a little confused about the how the slots worked and how many credits they had.
These are those digital machines, ones that are like 45 credits a spin and you think you're playing like only, yeah.
They played a few times before cashing out.
Cooper and Julian ended up losing 75 cents while Geller won 25 cents.
All right, you go Steve.
Geller Democratic Halondale Beach touted yesterday is a great day for Florida schools.
Some of them knew from the machines we'll go to public schools to say this projected slots for generating $2009 million annually for education
once each per mutualized the maximum number of machines allowed by state law, 1,500.
State regulators in the FDLE reported no problems yesterday and then the sky didn't come crashing down and the world didn't come to an end.
And the mafia wasn't there grabbing everybody's money.
The department was watching for slot cheats who think they might test Gulf Stream Park early said, assistant special agent in charge.
Oh, Michael man, who oversees the gaming enforcement team.
We'd like to establish ourselves quick. He said, all right.
People continue to flow into the casino well and they have to in early evening Gulf Stream Park president Paul McCucci,
Cucci, Cucci, Cucci, Cucci estimated that a thousand people an hour were filtering through the slots room.
There's no way to verify those numbers.
See, they have to put that in and nobody. He says a thousand an hour, but of course the Sun Sentinel skeptical.
Just after 5 p.m. Bernie Merabona 37 of sunny house beat sat back in the chair playing two slot machines at once,
betting a $10 a spend every few seconds on each hand up until $250 was quickly depleted.
He estimated been up to 550 bucks at one point, but overall lost to total 600 since 2 30 p.m.
His wife Barbie said she lost 700 yet both were grinning ear to ear.
We leave it in all in machines. We don't worry about taking it home and said Bernie Marabona real estate developer.
It's entertainment. You're paying for the entertainment.
Kathy Lissiter of North Miami Beach was less pleased. She said she dropped about $2,500 by 5 p.m.
But got none of the VIP treatment she's used to with the Seminole Hard Rock VIP My Ass.
I've been here since they opened and not one person came up to me to say, how are you? Do you need anything?
Oh Kathy, are you a funny lady? And hard rock, I don't pay for anything. They give me free rooms, free tickets.
And what happened to the woman who marked her birthday playing the spots bark for a cock and bull story?
Oh what now?
Oh wow.
1066 votes on the pool and the engines are running away with it.
Well actually the blacks are right under arrest. They better watch it. I think the blacks are got guns watch it.
He used to be white guys with guns and now it's black folks with guns and the poor engines still got their bows and arrows.
But they got those cancers too. The other ones with the worms down and the casinos if they get their white.
1027 a QAM.
Shining kinos with a mid-track to new radio my two best hair.
I'm shaving kinos, squat on the bare end to view my Irish sagging fair. My girlfriend wants me to have no hair.
She wants some smell they bleed when she's down there. If I want to get some I'd rather shave my nose.
I'm shaving kinos like the swell she holds down in a place that's forced. I'm shaving kinos because she can get it in her cell.
I really have no choice. If I want to get laid.
Bye-bye girl. I have to pay my way through the hair for her to come to swell. If I want to get some I'd rather shave my nose.
Use some now you can.
You know, like the story that takes us back to the days when Joe Castell was giving us all the primer on how to be a real man.
That's right. And I pilot on just like everybody else back to front and do all these other half-assets.
I had my things to say at the time but turns out he was more in touch with what's going on out there than some of us.
Wow that's not what his ex-wife says.
1088, 1888 votes on the poll already. My God we're going to have 11 by 11. Aren't you excited about that? He asked and as usual George said who the hell carried?
Cus?
Democratic strategist James Carville, a bald-headed geek, says his party should dump Howard Dean his chamber in the Democratic Party because of incompetence.
Carville during coffee and rolls with political reporters yesterday said Democrats could have picked up as many as 50 house seats instead of nearly 30.
They have so far they're still like still a few of them are like for grabs the gravity.
The reason they didn't he said is that Democratic National Committee didn't spend some six million dollars it could have put into so called third tier house races against vulnerable Republicans.
Carville said the other Democratic campaign committee said borrowed to the Hilt. He said he tried to meet with Dean to argue for additional spending for Democrats in the final days of the campaign but Dean declined to gave no reason why.
As per reporter whether Dean should be dumped Carville replied in a word do I think yes.
I think that all those years of a hanky panky with Mary Madeline there that right wing bitch I think it's affecting James Carville's mind.
I still don't I don't buy that what that relationship well I don't care whether you buy I think it's a bother though I couldn't care less because between the two of them.
I'd rather worry about Brady Crins a shaved crotch. He had it I think he should be a hell accountable I would describe his leadership as Rumsfeld in his competence.
Carville elected the Democratic takeover Congress to the Civil War Battle of Gettysburg which the Union Army won but failed to pursue the Confederate Army when it retreated.
We should have chased him down Carville said there was no immediate response from Dean or the DNC.
1991 votes on the poll run the words we're going to have a big day on that poll big huge humongous humongous huge.
See if you're going to try to give me a song of an answer about how straight guys all have their well maybe I want to
find out about that you know saying things like all there's a there's a demographic. Yeah it's like young active guys who are dating young active women don't have hairy crutches anymore.
Well in America whether you've done that study thanks for sharing no problem.
Clear channel communications ink this is the follow up. I'm sure everybody's been following this very closely that they know is right inside the radio.
Clear channel ink the number one US radio company has agreed to be acquired by private equity firm Thomas H. Lee partners and Bane Capitol for nearly 19 billion dollars.
Source familiar with the situation said today.
The bid values clear channel which has about 1150 radio stations all of them sucked by the way at $37.60 a share the source said clear channel shares rose 4.5% to 3567 and electronic composite trading after closing a 34 bucks on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday.
And an oxman suspected from the company later today two teams of bidders submitted office for the company sources previously told Reuters the other consortium was made up of Providence equity partners blackstone group and cold bird crab is Roberts.
Clear channel is mom they declined to comment. Clear channel which owns a majority stake and after advertising group clear channel after holding zinc said last month it was evaluating strategic alternatives for its
business and her investment bank goldman sacks to advise it.
And the first thing that the new owners will do is a fire people that would be the number one order of business for his ass ain't going to happen.
Well it should happen he's like a cockroach.
Yeah I'll read with part of that the Roach part that the cock apart. He's cock a man.
All right. In fact I wouldn't be surprised if he was in Virginia they call him a Makaka junior.
Throughout American history which group has been treated the worst we have 1102 votes already 1102 and it's only 1036 all the numbers all the time in fact let's start interspersing.
QA I'm sports time I love this I love this I love my toilet paper. It's almost as exciting as when you had your big debut there where the hell is that.
Oh no don't tell me I don't have it which lose what's that called I don't know what you're talking about.
It's called purple haze. Oh a poiple veins poiple poiple poiple poiple.
That's how Brian spelled it so I got this for you ain't poiple in my DCS.
What have you find oh it's in here because I played all the time of course well what the lesson under MHD dash poiple.
Oh God.
Okay where's the more than well that's a George by the way on the comb that's right that's my musical.
We don't have no cubic here to comb well that's not where I'm using the comb.
Throughout American history which group has been treated worse to level 02 Indians 456 those poor ass Indians black 384
Gaze only 56 women 53 well of course how can you treat gazebed because they've been in the closet all the time.
Right when they come out they get treated bad women 53 I hate this poll only 42 and we are 3.8%
Catholic 16 in the Mexican 15 and the jocks who don't shave their pubic hair will be putting that on later.
Well that is a real fly open.
By the way shave is not necessarily the right word groom might be more appropriate.
Grume different levels of grooming some people say some people just trim.
I was going to say groom with a broom but maybe with a swiffer duster some people just use the clippers etc and so on.
There's different level.
It's a great is that a swiffer duster in your pants are just excited to see the opposition.
I got news for a man he's a shave in it.
And this business about you're so out of touch with reality this business about a guy his age who's got a hairless body.
I'm not a touch you're out of touch.
How many how many ask you this how many young naked men who seem more of me or you listen.
I'm listening to his.
You're not trying to answer the question Josh.
None.
He shaves his chest.
No.
See I don't have to see a lot of guys to know that men grow chest hair unless they're Asian or Indian.
Wrong.
Wrong. Absolutely wrong.
Okay absolutely positively wrong there's a lot of young guys don't have any hair in their chest.
When shaves his chest.
Yeah.
At least.
And his nuts.
Who knows.
You get back to me on that one.
One thing about George even when he's wrong boy he is a hard ass.
He's a middle-drawn and just.
I don't think you're as active as you pretend to be.
He hates you like poison is trying to poison your alarm.
I don't think you're getting all the action you claim to be getting.
Yeah okay whatever you're saying.
21 before 11 at 560 WKM your hairy station for the new millennium.
Not anymore.
We used to be but now we're shaving.
That's right.
Maybe they're going to show there be some chocolate shavings in your ice cream tomorrow.
WKM only hope.
Hmm.
Jackson is going to be at the station again tomorrow with big tubs of ice cream for Josh and maybe for George all he's starting to get on my nerves.
But anyway and they're also going to bring some of them national daily foot longs too.
Hmm.
The legend are a Jackson's ice cream parlor and then you beat yourself up reading their 50th anniversary.
They're one of the few.
They're one of the few bonuses or people or anything around it's been around in software.
For the longer than I have.
Being the old toad that I am.
That's what I've been told.
Oh my god your breasts are beautiful.
Henneprains.
I am the Reverend Ted Haggard.
Former president of the National Association of Evangelicals.
I have taken early retirement from that fine organization to pursue another colon.
Not a higher colon really more of a lower colon.
Much much lower.
And even though president Bush won't return my calls anymore and I've been kicked out of my church.
I found a new home.
A new home on television.
But getting that Sunday.
The Bravo Network will premiere my series.
Queer eye on the preacher guy.
On the premiere episode.
My special guest will be Neil Patrick Harris.
It wasn't he cute.
What he was that little dookie houseer MD.
Neil and I will discuss several important topics.
Including Queen is a massage.
More than a massage.
Saddam Hussein.
Evil man.
But really how did those boxer shorts.
They will reveal the new play I can see.
Then in the sports segment of my show.
Will open play in the Reverend Ted Haggard.
Cored whole tournament.
That's Queer eye on the preacher guy.
With me.
The Reverend Ted Haggard.
Sunday is a on Bravo.
It'll be so much fun.
You'll think you just snorted math with a male escort.
1045 at 560 WQ and we got mad dog at two.
We got that big power hour between four and five with the mad dog in the Humper.
Hank who's yet to use the internet.
Then we got the Humper solo between five and seven.
Pants are preview of seven o'clock.
Pants is any Montreal Canadians at the Macarena 730 followed by the any case show from Las Vegas.
Now it would seem to me that being the evolutionary kind of guy that you are.
That you'd understand and with all due respect to the pissed off caveman in the guy co-spots.
You'd understand that as years go by man is becoming less and less hairy.
He doesn't need the hair to protect him from losing our wisdom teeth.
That is correct.
So maybe a hundred or two hundred years.
We'll all be here like here.
That's correct.
So as a result of that more and more young man don't have any hair.
October 27th by the way was Brady Quinn's 27th birthday for those were keeping track.
22nd.
So Eric being the Shylock Holmes that he is.
He writes in the little chat box here.
Google Brady Quinn Shaves and see what you get in my computer almost blew up.
Because apparently he does lots of it and he doesn't stop at his chest.
So you do that research.
All these articles came up about the all the shaving that Brady Quinn shaves his arms and legs logs.
Oh that sounds very gay.
I'm sorry.
And I am you know something I can't stand by the way and I'm not going to disagree with you.
But I understand from the athletes and you know that they're all straight.
That that's common in the athletic world.
What is that?
Shaving your arms and legs?
Shaving everything.
Because how about you?
The rationale being as they explain it because you know they have to they have to tape their legs.
They have to put things on themselves like Ben Gay and they don't tape their arms.
What are you talking about?
I'm like I know.
This is what they say.
Are they sure as hell don't be taping their I don't think.
How do you know?
Well maybe they are.
Maybe they have a bunch of protective tape around it.
If your face is faxed, the internet streaming is breaking up and it's unlistable said tell Neil please to correct it.
Maybe they're tweaking it again.
Well let me take a look at that.
I don't see any dropouts on there.
So whoever sent that is just a troublemaker.
Oh and this morning there was a fact from Amy saying that the archives were screwed up.
The facts is to Josh but Josh doesn't have anything to do with the archives.
And Amy the archives are only as good as they are recorded based on the feed that day.
So there's nothing we can do about them.
So many complain of it.
Now they're too much folks.
The price is right.
We're going to start charging if you don't stop bitching so much.
The archives are going to be in the better quality now.
So there you go Amy.
You're telling me that we got better quality because we got more bandwidth and now we get the first facts we get.
Internet streaming is breaking up and it's unlistable.
It's even worse than it's on the paper.
But anyway.
Here's one.
It says it's odd when he's prettier than the brother is prettier than the sister.
And I mean prettier not better looking.
I have no problem saying he's pretty damn good looking man.
I've established this.
This is from somebody allegedly a heterosexual no doubt.
It says I mean Brady Quinn is pretty too pretty.
He looks very wise in the ways of exfoliants and well versed in manicures and pedicures.
Maybe he's just a metrosexual.
Wow his sister looks like a horse.
Oh no.
Now I got to see a sister.
What's her name?
Secondly after the one-order game I watched this year Brady was congratulating his roommate slash teammate.
Some African dude with a name I can't remember.
And swear it looked like they were going in for a kiss before they realized TV cameras in the eyes of the fans were on him.
Right.
Boy I thought I had a wild imagination.
This is really something.
Now where's the then they reported during one-order game that Brady Quinn shaves his arms and legs.
So he's very very pretty.
He looked like he has unique relationship with his roommate and shaves his arms and legs.
So what do you ask?
And this past week he did an interview for a game magazine with an openly gay writer and photographer with some way gay pictures.
Way gay.
Way gay.
No way.
Way.
So here we go.
Who the hell cares.
I mean that's all such such Kakarai.
1152 votes so to speak.
On a poll so you're you know you just don't get it right.
I would say I would say maybe not a majority but I'm probably close to 50 50 young guys like.
I may like from 18 to 25 are pretty much here less from the naval off.
Sure.
What do we say they are I'm telling you right now mister.
Okay.
You don't know you don't know your men.
Okay just stick this stuff you know about.
Okay.
Stick to women with hairy chest.
Okay.
Women with little corn cob beards.
Sure.
Republican Senator John McCain is creating a presidential.
I think you were spent too much time with your buddy JP there.
That's right.
I'm a one Pablo.
That's where that hairy thing came from.
That's it.
Get a hairy thing.
Republican Senator John McCain is creating a presidential exploratory committee.
The first formal step to it possible.
2000 A.1 has been what a surprise.
I want a shock joining Rudy Giuliani, representative Duncan Hunter and like I told you just before to show this more.
I nearly fell off the seat when I seen it.
Former Wisconsin governor of the cheesehead Tommy Thompson.
Who says he's surprised to have him poison our food supply because it's so easy.
The cheesehead who said he drank water from a creek.
He was an outdoorsy kind of guy back during the anthrax business.
During the next couple of months I'll be talking with my family friends and supporters about whether they will officially announce a run from president.
McCain said a statement posted yesterday on the exploratory committee's new website.
I guarantee you don't shave his ass.
Prior to that decision the formation of this committee is the first legal step in that process he said.
This business about guys that shave their arms and their legs and their body.
I don't think you can try to convince me it sounds very gay to me.
I'm not arguing with you.
And then the worst part about that is I have encountered people like that.
And the problem is because if you do our naturally hearing and start scrolling it's like stubble.
You know there's nothing worse than like stubble.
You know what I mean by that?
Yeah.
When you stumble on the stubble?
Absolutely.
It's not good.
Yeah.
Trying to fool mother nature.
Be whatever you are.
Okay.
Don't be afraid to be whatever you are even if it grows in the hairy and nasty.
You know what stories got the most reads from yesterday's website and luckily so is it today's?
Maybe it's today's website.
Today's news.
Oh yeah it's today's.
The Fox News Internal Memo.
We would say discussed it got almost 200 reads already.
It's not even 11 o'clock yet.
That is pretty impressive.
We'll start to make a comeback on the website.
How's the internet stream incumbent anymore feedback?
Nothing new.
How about some feedback like this?
There you go.
Or generous.
Like that.
How's that?
We can both feedback.
Wow.
Why do I get a little feedback?
Oh and guess what that is?
You know something that couldn't happen again in a million years.
I remember reading that memo about we're having a fire alarm.
Let me close the door.
Yeah.
And have a attention please.
Wow.
Anyway.
I feel like bubblegum.
It's hapicole.
So that couldn't happen again in a million years could it?
That feedback was almost like simultaneous.
With that first beep from the a fire alarm test.
Last night and I did see it because I watched Keith Obermann
if I'm in the house and there's not like some important hockey game.
I was presented in the house.
The memo said it would been written by Fox's senior vice president,
the anxious John Moody, not related to the John Moody who drives the nasal park.
Advises the staffers to be on the lookout for any statements from the Iraqi insurgents
who must be that the network is biased against Democrats
rather than fair and balanced as advertised.
Of course, Keith as much as we like you a hell of a lot and you have a wonderful job
and you got a big pair.
The fact that it matters is anybody who really believes that Fox's fair and balanced is unbalanced.
You got to be a crazy person.
You know what I mean?
I think you need to be.
What do you mean?
That was kind of shocking way that I'll worked out with that fire alarm and at the feedback.
It was like a segue, like a talk up.
Can you hear it out there?
I've got the door closed, but can you hear it?
A little bit.
Oh, way into backwind.
Because I can barely hear it.
1160 votes.
There's the supercellaneous Nancy Pelosi there.
Oh my god.
What do we need her for?
You know, just go away Nancy.
Speaking of Nancy and her boyfriend, Jack Murtha,
Congressman John Murtha reportedly called a Democratic Bill on lobbying and ethics reform.
Total crap.
Two days before the House Majority Leader election
during a vote-bidding presentation before the Blue Dog Coalition.
Oh, the Blue Dog Coalition.
Never have a Blue Dog?
No.
Put it in the freezer for while you will.
I've had a poiple vein.
Representative John Murtha told a group of Democratic moderates on Tuesday that an ethics and lobbying reform
bill being pushed by party leaders was total crap.
But said that he would work to enact the legislation because speaker to be Nancy Pelosi
supported.
John Fresno had reports for rule call.
Murtha has been accused of abusing his positions as ranking a member of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee,
the House Appropriations Committee, to benefit lobbying clients of his brother and a liberal-eaning watchdog group
blasted in coming speaker Pelosi for endorsing him.
In September, crew compiled a list of law makers that designated it as the 20 most corrupt members of Congress
at its Beyond Delay website.
Murtha was given a dishonorable mention by the group for being involved in a number of pay-to-play schemes involving former staffers
and his brother Robert Kit Murtha.
Aiden Cummins and Crews report lost their racism to ethics issues, notes, Crews press release.
Future House speaker Pelosi's endorsement of Murtha, one of the most unethical members of Congress,
shows that she may have prioritized ethics reform merely to win votes with no real commitment to changing the cultural corruption
Crews executive director Melanie Sloan, be saying yesterday.
How do you like that?
All right.
These facts is here.
Oh, here's one about James Kerbal.
I don't care about James Kerbal.
The last paragraph is the important part.
Right.
About the Georgia's absolutely right.
All white men, even hairless like me, have some hair however light.
Some strands coming out of nipples a few in the middle of the chest.
Furthermore, I have a 23-year-old son who shaves down there because everyone does.
Now girls and boys, I don't care for a motor wine or a 59-year-old old fart like you.
I've seen that.
I'm not reading the last sentence.
Right.
Well, how do you like that?
Oh my God.
See, the thing is, is that, you know, I will grant you this, that you see way more guys without their shirts off the night,
even though I'm at the beach almost every week.
That is correct.
But we straight guys, first of all, we talk to each other and more importantly, we talk to girls and what they're encountering
and what they would like to see more over less of, etc.
So, I would say like, here are you guys, I would just say me, that's why they like Ron Jeremy so much.
No.
That's why when Ron Jeremy came into building with our goal scene, they were all ugly and,
it's Ron Jeremy.
That's because he was Ron Jeremy, but they don't.
No, he's a light hair.
Girls don't like hair hair.
So, keep shaving at Brady.
Keep shaving it.
Like Tom Brady, for example.
He's a hairy guy.
And like I said the other day, from the chin down, he ate nothing.
You know, let's just put his head on Brady Quinn's body.
Mr. Potato Hill, we're going to start mixing and I'll send you a saw.
Taking really hot people's heads and putting them on hot people's bodies,
and then we're going to have something really so hot you can't even touch it.
You send your fingers just by thinking about touching.
Which goes to show you we all have way too much time on our hands.
1057, a QA, attention man.
That's what Duff always says.
I want to give you a kiss.
If you have a hair loss problem or currently where a hair system listen to this.
For more than 40 years, Chuck Alphier has been designing hair systems for show business people,
politicians, jocks, and more importantly, every day guys,
slipper is just like you.
Now people say they can always spot a hair system.
Those are the bad ones that you see and you just fold on on the floor,
you laugh and win the game.
How many good hair systems go on notice?
They look like the real thing.
Chuck Alphier's hair systems are completely natural.
Design would just write about a hair and proper recessions.
Run your hands through it, baby.
It looks and feels just like your own hair, like the real thing.
And for just $99 they'll custom design a hair system for you.
And here's how the deal works.
You try for a couple of weeks.
If you're not happy with the way it looks and feels and smells,
if people aren't pawing and clawing at you like crazy,
it's yours for just an additional 500 bucks.
They're so confident that if you're not completely happy,
returning it your $99 back.
So you have nothing to lose but that ugly bald spot that makes you look about 30,
40 years older than you really are.
There's an offer you can't refuse.
Charles Alphier read for a lot of day like I said,
he's been doing it for guys for over 40 years now.
And so a vizeman effect.
Call 1-800-321-2413 right now for an appointment.
That's 1-800-321-2413.
You won't believe how much better and how much younger you're going to look.
The biggest name of best talent.
This is Neil Rogers.
Forced Radio 560.
You AM.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your brain.
To fill, frankly, honesty and dependability are more than just words.
They're nouns.
Fills appearance on spring or a few years ago with Chartreuse,
his former gay lover may have raised a few plucked eyebrows.
But seriously, have you seen the As and Abbiage?
It proved that Phil wants to keep sex education out of our kids schools
and put it back on TV where it belongs.
Phil has freely admitted pocketing money earmark for orphans.
And that kind of honesty is hard to find in politicians.
His stand on the environment has never wavered until the timber industry made a bigger contribution.
Unlike his opponent, Phil partly knows a strong economy
means supporting your right to work.
And Phil supports the American workers and their union bosses.
Because he needs the money, these overpriced and underworked slackers bring in by the truckload.
Phil knows that NAFTA is creating new jobs.
Sure they're in Mexico.
But a job's a job, even at four pesos an hour.
Phil partly is against raising your taxes, unless he really needs the cash.
And ever since that unfortunate incident last week when his crack-life exploded,
Phil has adopted a zero tolerance get tough policy
toward the manufacture and sale of such faulty equipment.
This November, vote for and elect Phil Farcle.
Stay forward by the community bailout Phil Farcle, Ms. Demi Nutriperson.
It's November 02 at 560 WQM, happy Thursday to you.
Don't forget that Panther game and it gets to Canadians.
Any interest?
No.
That's not a carina.
We need to make a special announcement before you go on.
Yes.
Because we're getting flooded with faxes and emails and phone calls about the internet feed.
Which obviously there's something wrong with it.
Wow.
Just what we thought we got sucked in yesterday with the idea that we got more bandwidth.
So it's going to sound really great.
And out of the way we got all kinds of hold, the internet feed is all screwed up
and they're working on it.
So there you go.
Isn't that great?
Isn't that a real kick in the ass?
And anyway, here's a...
Oh, if you look at these Fag websites, Brady Quinn is all over.
I can't imagine why.
But nevertheless, here's one called the Hugh Johnson Project.
That's my name.
And the one guy has a entry on here.
It says, didn't BC just say that Brady Quinn shapes his whole body?
He's more woman than his transsexual brother it says.
Well, I don't know.
I'm not for that.
Because one thing about you, you're just...
I mean, I'm impossible.
You're impossible.
Josh, would you tell Hannah what you told me during the break?
I told her I was going to go ahead on her body.
It's okay.
I'm just telling you that right now.
That's not the point.
You always change the argument.
When you lose an argument, you change what it was about.
What was it about?
All the young guys groom if they're active and they're dating, they're grooming.
Yeah, I will say something, Josh, for Christ's sake.
It's true. It's true.
Oh, you're shaving it too?
Rubing it? No.
Didn't say shaving.
Rubing it.
Meaning what?
Meaning I do a little trim action.
Keep it neat.
1186 votes on the poll.
Moving right along.
I'm not...
You know, back before the joystays, it had a wonderful line there, but nevertheless, I'm just...
It's given it right along.
It's given it half an inch up and just like Brady.
There are two main reasons why James Carvell doesn't like Howard Dean, says this thing that that facts have passed along.
The first is that Howard Dean doesn't trash out the Democrats, and Carvell prefers Democrats who threw their own party under the bus.
The second is that he's a political consultant, as such many of his friends have gotten rich off commissions from TV ads.
As far as he's concerned, all donations to all Democratic committees exist so that he and his friends can get richer.
Since Howard Dean is spending money on field organizers and grants to state parties, his friends tend not to get rich from the party the DNC raised.
This is abhorrent to Carvell since Democratic Party committees exist to make him and his friends rich.
And it goes on, but a beep bit of boop bit of boop, and it's got...
Also, of course, Rob Emanuel is mostly responsible for deciding some races where they didn't spend enough money.
You can read about that.
I think I'm one of the articles on our website tomorrow, I believe.
Although probably a lot of these people are going to be staring at that picture of Brady Quinn under the pool for hours trying to see,
well, is Neal Ryder, I don't really know, and I don't care. Who now cares whether he shaves his chest?
I don't know who that crowded up.
I just noticed that, you know, from the Nipple to where, from the Enable to the whatever, you're the one that said it looks like he doesn't have any hair there.
I said it looks like he's shaved.
That's what you're right.
Yeah.
But above the Naval, who knows who cares, yeah?
I wouldn't ask any questions.
A man who's violent arrest by Los Angeles police officers was videotaped. Of course, we've all seen that how many times?
About 30, man!
And 100 times, and posted on you...
Chew!
The schedule to be released from jail yesterday. William Cardenas 23 made nonexpected appearance in LA County Superior Court.
He pleaded no contest to one Mr. Mayor counter fleeing from police.
Two felony counts of resisting arrest charges against him were drop-tedded.
A gang enhancement of the charges was also dropped. His attorney, Kwaku Durin told reporters.
Kwaku?
How many days is that?
KWAKU, Kwaku.
Durin said his client is...
I wonder if he's came to Ryan Durin, the former fireballing relief pitcher for the Yankees 100 years ago.
Ryan Durin, with those real thick-bottle coke bottle glasses.
Durin said his client is still somewhat dismayed by the assault that he suffered. He'd like to see justice.
And tell me, let me tell you right now, you can forget about getting justice in California. If you want justice, go see...
Don Coyote!
That's right. That's the only way you're going to get justice. Go see our paisa.
So there you go, they showed that over and over a million times.
Can I get back to my poll there?
Please.
Keep getting me back on that picture again.
I got better pictures than that, but nevertheless, at least there are on the internet.
1196 votes throughout American history, which group has been treated the worst?
How about guys who shaved their private, they've been treated pretty shabbly.
Call the gay, all kinds of names.
Indians 498.
Four hundred.
Four hundred and ninety eight Indians.
Remember that song, Ten Little Indians?
Yeah.
One little, two little.
Mm-hmm.
In fact, it reminds me of that short and bread thing.
Mom, is a little baby like a short.
Mm-hmm.
Like that, short and.
And shoe fly pie and apple pant doudy.
Don't you dare.
Indians 498.
Blacks 420.
We got a pretty good battle going on in between the blacks and Indians.
Then after that, it's strictly a two horse race.
It's like a firm to an alley dar.
Way back to the rest of the pack, Jews 90.
Women 57.
And of course, we don't have any women listening or women have a lot more votes than that.
That's certainly.
Gays 56.
I hate this poll only 44.3.6%.
Catholic 16 and Mexicans only 15, 15 little Mexicans.
And of course, I knew you probably have some smart ass comment to make about Indians and Mexicans,
but just let's move right along, okay?
No, I didn't have anything there.
Yeah, you would.
Not me.
Then we'll see you.
Hey.
Hey!
Told you.
Two narratives have begun to emerge from the 2006 congressional elections.
The first is that Democrats.
Who now wrote this?
And what?
I mean, just jump into this.
Thomas Schaller in New York Times, the fictional triumph of conservative Democrats.
That's the headline on the story, okay?
He says, two narratives have begun to emerge from the 2006 congressional elections.
The first is that Democrats didn't want so much to win as Republicans lost.
The second is that Republicans who lost were beaten by a bunch of conservative Democrats.
There's some truths of the first one.
The election was a negative referendum on Bush and the Republican Congress,
especially their mismanagement of a rack theoretical problems,
and their inability to balance the federal budget or refrain from trying to distract American public
with noisy wedge issues, rather than provide solutions to more pressing problems.
But the second narrative is fiction, and it's puzzling that Republicans and conservatives
are the ones peddling it.
The poster boy for the Democrats won his conservative theme is Heath Schaller,
a 34-year-old former University of Tennessee football star from Western North Carolina,
who played for the redskins we were through that the other day.
Number five.
Just hours after the results came in last Tuesday, the Times David Berks wrote in this space,
many moderate Republicans survived despite my pessimistic expectations.
Furthermore, many moderate Democrats, one like Heath Schaller and North Carolina,
Charles Krauthammer echoed the point in his Washington Post column on Friday.
Democratic gains included the addition of many conservative Democrats,
hence Heath Schaller of North Carolina, anti-abortion, pro-gun, anti-tax,
and now a Democratic House member.
But take a closer look at who actually won and lost last Tuesday.
As of this writing, a few recounts are pending.
Democrats captured six Senate seats and 28 House seats,
and they're also expected to one seat Republican representative Rob Simmons of Connecticut.
Based on the National Journal's ideological ratings of Congress,
the majority of defeated House Republicans were purged from the liberal third of the GOP caucus,
ten of the 28 most liberal Republicans lost, including four of the top 12,
Jim Lee to Iowa, Nancy Johnson of Connecticut, Simmons, and Charlie Bass of New Hampshire.
Sherwood Bolert of New York, sixth on the list of most liberal Republicans,
is retiring from Congress, and the Democratic candidate won the race for his seat.
As for the new classic congressional Democrat, Sherwood includes a few self-described pro-lifers
and opponents of gun control, but the vast majority of House candidates in competitive races
ran as Iraq war critics who support reproductive choice and embryonic stem cell research,
who want to raise them in and wage, and oppose privatizing social security.
A pack of blue dogs sell millers, this is not.
The Senate results are similar.
Much attention has been paid to the flat top haircut in the Heartland Personality Affarmer John Tester,
Montana Senate, who are elected the way former Reagan Navy Secretary and Vietnam veteran Jim Webb
used his son's combat boots to kick out Virginia's Jordan Makaka with talent,
and the anti-choice position to Bob Casey, newly elected Catholic Democrat from Pennsylvania.
These biographical nuggets obscured the fact that these men and the other three new Democratic senators
ran a strong economic populist and thundering critics of the war.
Republican Conrad Burns of Montana closed the gap during the late stages of his campaign
by criticizing Tester as a big government taxing spender.
Rhode Island's Sheldon White House beat the most liberal Republican incumbent Senator Lincoln Chabie
by running to his left.
In an Ohio Republican moderate Mike DeWine fell to Sherwood Brown, who was promptly named
heir to the late Paul Wellstone, the Uber Progressive Senator from Minnesota.
What we witnessed last week was the final stage of a regional re-alignment,
one that began four decades ago in the wake of the civil rights movement,
and slowly but steadily converted most Southern Dixie crats into Republicans.
Until this year, that transformation was incomplete as many forward and Rockefeller-style Republicans
continued to represent blue districts or blue states in the Northeast and Midwest.
The West Belt Alignment of 2006 provided a corrective, now presuming civils has defeated,
crochets of Connecticut will be the sole surviving Republican among 22 representatives from New England,
although many new Hampshire, each have two Republican senators who had any of them retire,
Democrats will be poised to take their place.
The great irony of the 2006 midterm elections for Republicans is that the conservatives
who pulled the party into the right to survive while the liberal wing was decimated.
Because the Democrats who beat those liberal Republicans ran even further left,
the notion that conservative Democrats carried today is plainly absurd.
Conservative talking heads usually rush to paint Democrats as a pack of tenured out of mainstream liberals.
That's why it's so surprising that some of these same voices are now cherry picking the results
in an effort to perpetuate the fiction that Republicans lost but conservative somehow won.
It suggests that this year's defeat so stunned the conservative movement,
it's lost its messaging mojo too, for liberal Democrats that may be the biggest victory of all.
Or is Dana Bash with at the senior Wences mouth?
Trump, on the polls, on the polls, that is pretty impressive and that's because everybody is studying Brady Quinn's chest very, very close to him.
The biggest name hereby his,
Peacee,
Rikilai, 60,
U.A.
The most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Discover, diuretics.
Is life an endless nightmare of confusion and chaos leading to a bleak nothingness?
Or is it just me, PJ?
Why do I have dreams about my mother in Sarama?
Page 69.
Why did I give my life savings to a bizarre cult religion founded by a bad science fiction writer?
Page 1999.
Am I worthy of seventh-level Zardons or am I a butthead?
Page 25, 25.
Discover, diuretics.
Flushing questions from the mind.
Feel the power, feel the movement.
Diuretics by El Ranghubb, over 20 million copies sold.
Can you believe it?
No, I really can't. 1118, there's a sucker born every minute.
So I just emailed Josh a better picture of Brady Quinn on the phone there.
Also shirtless.
Which you probably should put that under the other one?
Can you handle it?
Put it over the other one, or...
Under the other one next to it.
How ever you want to do it, okay?
Put it in your mind.
I want to do it.
Stick it where you want to stick it.
That's right.
But anyway, I'm thinking that maybe we ought to be like George ought to be studying that picture very, very carefully.
Because if he's like a Trimman and...
I mean, I just, I don't know.
It seems awfully gay to me.
What's about a time in America?
I would have agreed with you wholeheartedly.
But not now.
It's time to say the same thing, man.
It's a whole new thing.
We were discussing it and the girls, you know, they started doing it and then they started insisting that the guy is...
Are you giving me a chest?
Whatever.
All of the above.
Yeah.
Is it a farmer to be neat and Trim that you have to be nice?
So now that you're saying that the guys who they're like girly men, girly guys?
No, that's not what I'm saying.
I'm saying that they must be dating and having sex with girls.
In some cases, I would agree.
Paul Waldman writes, on time that you got that picture yet?
I realize you've got it yet.
No, not yet.
Very, very slow.
I'm down.
Probably the next half hour or so we'll have that other one up.
And within five minutes there'll be several.
All the Queens, man.
It's a Queen Festival today on our website.
Well, why don't I?
Let's do something to good people on it, right?
And then maybe just by accident, come across some of those really interesting stories on there and they'll say,
Oh, holy crap, I actually learned something on here today.
Right?
Right?
We started just about to bunch of crap of guys who shaved the hair off their chest and arms and ass and pubic and stuff like that.
Jesus, God Almighty, that seems awfully fey.
Not just gay, gay.
But fey.
You know what I mean?
Like, as in fey Wayne.
Like, fam.
Like, justified.
But at any rate.
Well, I told you when I went to high school, we used to swim naked together in the swimming class and gym class.
I thought you said elementary school.
No, in high school.
In elementary, my dear Watson, high school.
I mean, you do that in high school?
Let me say it again.
High school.
Oh, my God.
Right.
I'd have dropped out.
No, I'd have joined up for extra time in the pool.
But at any rate, I don't recall any guys.
And of course, it was like 17, 18-year-olds, junior, senior, senior, years in high school.
I don't recall any guys with hair.
And that was, that's just eight years ago.
I didn't have anyone I was 18 either.
I'm thinking that maybe by the time you get to be...
But third man.
Like that.
If you're going to get hairy, that's when it's going to start.
More or less.
Well, who the hell cares when you come right down your ears?
No, I do not.
Who brought it up?
I was just talking about the fact that it looked like his pubes were shaved.
That's on.
And then you went into this whole side of the dance.
About all straight guys shaved their chest, and they shaved their arms, and they shaved their...
Correct them.
Yeah, life is a close shave.
How I said was, I think you're right.
I think he shaved.
And you were the one that went into the whole thing.
I don't care.
How do you like that?
I don't believe you.
What?
I don't care.
I don't.
Let me ask you this question.
Am I ever going to meet him?
Am I going to see him?
Am I going to touch him?
Am I going to lick his belly?
No.
That depends on if that wish comes true.
No, it's not.
And it won't.
See, I don't live in a fantasy world.
A lot of people out there.
Oh, gee, I got the hotspots on.
It's so well-great.
You're never going to see them.
It's fine to take a look at the picture.
Continue deceiving yourself, deluding yourself, that Brittany's going to want once she gets back completely in the shape.
Now that she's dropped K-Fedex, that she's going to be knocking on your door.
Just begging you.
No matter.
Yeah.
What matters?
Let's see.
Paul Walden writes, see we're getting really distracted from our main thing.
Which is good, because they don't want to hear this other stuff anymore.
The elections over, and like I said, they're like, you know, they've had it.
They need a break now.
You deserve a break today.
So we have some of that really good pizza from my Brooklyn pizza.
See, I didn't have any pizza yesterday.
And that's a good thing, because it was Wednesday.
It was a WW. It was with my Wednesday.
All the one I did get home last night, I didn't have some of that low-car pasta.
Not a good idea.
What?
Because if you're diabetic, it doesn't have like the instant thing, like regular pasta on your blood sugar incentive to go.
It's skyrocketing up, but it has a slow over a several hour period of time.
I see.
A slow rise, you know what I mean?
Quickest slow rise in your Levi's.
Like that.
Like that.
Like that.
And as a result, it wasn't a good idea.
So remind me, don't be doing that again.
Okay.
I'm assuming.
Hey, don't be no pasta.
Low-carb or otherwise, it'll be before you go to bed.
Very bad idea.
In fact, I may have to lay out the rest of the day.
I'll see you.
231 votes on the poll.
Throughout American history, which group has been treated the worst?
Indians 511, blacks 434.
That's the race right there.
That's the human race.
Jews only 92.
Women 58.
Gays 57.
I hit this poll 47.
Mexican 16 and Catholics 16.
We had, of course, Mexican Catholics, which would seem to be redundant wouldn't it be?
Right.
You think there's any Mexicans who aren't Catholics?
There must be.
A few words.
What is, as I understand?
Really?
Was it you that's going to come to the door?
I saw it on the news.
Mexican because I hope Mexican don't come knock it on your door.
They'll be in for a bad surprise.
Paul Waldman on TomPain.com says, Democrats don't whip out.
Don't whip out.
Whatever you do, please, please.
Do I have time for this before the break?
Oh, I sure hope so.
It's too long.
It's way too long.
Let me just read the beginning of it.
Because the audience gets really pissed off when I do these really long.
Especially the too farter of partners.
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
The ones that I have to carry over from during a break.
The too farter of partners.
Paul Waldman, Democrats don't whip out.
All over Washington, the sage barons of the establishment,
and media are warning Democrats not to get too cocky.
Don't move too fast, they say.
Don't push a bunch of wacky left wing ideas.
Seek compromise.
Give ground.
Hue to the center.
For their only their allies, the greatest prize of all,
the praise of David Broder and Joe Klein,
the nodding approval of the Washington Post editorial page,
and the admiration of the Beltway Cognizcenti reserved for those who know their place
and know whose rings they should be kissing.
Bull.
What Democrats need to do is spend the next few years crushing their opponents like bugs.
It's not about mercy, it's not about manners, it's about three fundamental goals.
Limiting the damage that the Bush administration can do,
passing whatever legislation they can in the short term to help the American public,
and laying the foundation for future progressive victories,
Democrats finally have the upper hand and now is the time to use it.
And here are a few things they can do to get started,
and then he lays them all out.
Investigate, but smartly, don't be afraid to pick fights.
Boycott Fox, he says.
Attack and servitivism.
And what else, and that's it.
Boycott Fox.
The Fox News Channel has been a reliable megaphone for White House talking points.
Affirmable, RNC, House organ for claiming that Republicans are a noble public service.
And Democrats are whiny hippies who have not engaged in actual conspiracy with Alcada,
are certainly serving the ends of America's enemies.
It is also function as a safe haven for Republicans to run through when things look bad.
Shoot the guy in the face and you can do your first interview with Britt Hume,
secure in the knowledge that he won't ask any tough questions.
So Democrats should say to the following, to Fox,
you want to spread GOP propaganda all day, be our guest after all so free country.
But don't expect any Democratic newsmakers to legitimize you with their presence.
They'll go on every other network, be interviewed by every other legitimate news organization.
But we don't consider ourselves under any obligation to pretend that buffoons like
Sean Hannity, Bill O'Reilly, and John Gibson are news professionals who deserve a moment of our time.
We're not going to try to fight you. We'll just act like you don't exist.
Excellent idea.
It don't exist on my TV set.
It never darkens my screen, Fox News, which is an oxymoron if there ever was one.
Fox News My Ass.
1242 votes on a pool, man.
And that is pretty heavy, heavy duty.
And you want to know why?
Why?
It's all those naked pictures that we're putting on there.
Must be.
Well, we can't put naked female pictures on there anymore.
So how about naked pictures of guys?
Whatever you want.
Track the whole new breed.
I don't see that out of the picture up there yet. Have you got it?
Yeah, I got it.
But you don't have to say it in such a negative tone.
Oh, yeah, I got it.
It sounded exciting.
It sounds like you're excited about it, okay?
A gallery of great, you've got a Quinn picture.
Hey, listen, it's something different, okay?
It's something a little bit different.
Yeah, I'll say.
Did I bitch in moan?
In fact, didn't I pick...
I actually picked out.
I discovered some of those hot chicks that were on those pictures back then.
Yeah, they were when we could put them on there.
But that's different.
Well, what does that mean?
That's beautiful and men are disgusting.
I see.
Women are beautiful men are disgusting.
I can't do that.
Look at the order.
I believe you.
I'm not a slerry king and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
Let's all rise for the new speaker of the house.
Geldie Pelosi.
That ain't no doubt.
Well, I've voiced order a business.
I say we ain't gonna impeach nobody.
Because we don't have those kind of balls.
Now, see here here.
Now, Benny used that something to say about doing some religious lighten over here.
Stand up and spell it.
I did it to do Mrs. Speaker.
Who the hell are you?
Well, have you know?
I am none other than Moe Howard and David.
Representing the precinct of 13 of prestigious empty town in Florida.
Yeah, so.
I propose we remove those...
We're just taking light down.
I said, put that chicken light down and put your shoes back on.
What do you think this is here?
I was just getting a little watermelons.
Were you about to say something about removing the national guard from my rat?
No, no.
They're eight no national guard there.
I keep trying to tell everybody that.
Get what you want.
I propose we remove the white of the god from our plunge of allegiance and replace it with the white of the joy.
That one nation under the joy.
Absolutely.
The joy and that cheap liberty for all.
That's the joy.
The joy.
The joy.
The joy.
Accelerator.
Accelerator.
1132 and 560 WQM.
No mad dog.
Oh yeah, we got mad dog today too.
What am I talking about?
This is one of those 40 days you're when he actually works.
In fact, he's on all week long every day.
Is that exciting or what?
Mark that down.
Not so many weeks when he actually works five days.
And maybe I'd like to do something nice for Hank.
Maybe if he had more time to spend on the computer, he wouldn't be eaten so much.
Get him on the internet.
I'm like Larry King who's like, I just can't believe anybody would brag about something like that.
No, I understand somebody saying that they haven't used it.
But he's obviously oblivious.
Like a media person like him?
Well, he's an old fart that wears diapers, but I mean he's oblivious.
Oh my.
He doesn't even know what it is.
Oh, you'll push buttons and stuff like.
Yeah.
He doesn't even know what a computer is.
Wow.
Well, let me tell you how it works, Larry.
It's like this.
What's a problem?
It's not a paper.
Yeah.
Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi, what a surprise.
It's officially been named.
Speaker-relected the house.
Ross Dory has learned.
It's official now.
Okay?
Like at the track.
The result of the fourth race is official.
Democrats chose Pelosi unanimously earlier this morning.
Representative Jim Clyburn, Democrat of South Carolina, was elected Majority Whip.
And Rahm Emanuel, who I hate like toys in the middle of the world, was chosen to become Caucus Chairman.
There is the real chigger in the wood pile at Rahm Emanuel.
He's evil.
A battle from Majority Leader between John Murtha and Steny Hoyer is still undecided.
Let me say it again.
Undecided.
A secret vote leader enabled to determine whether Murtha, a Pelosi, a pal, or Hoyer, who wants sounds to speak, were led for minority leader, will become her top lieutenant.
Or as they say here, her top left tenant.
What is that left tenant?
I mean, it's just, I know it's Canadian vote.
I'm British.
I think that must have been how it started.
It sounds British.
Yeah.
Well, of course, all they linguistic crap that we have here is always started as British.
Like color, COLO, you are.
That's a British thing.
And of course, the Canadians can't.
They can't break the umbilical cord.
They can't chop it.
That's why the Queen is on the $20 bill, Queen Elizabeth.
Can you explain that to me?
No.
That nasty ugly old, surly bitch.
From 160 votes on the pool, how come every day we get to a point where it's 1260?
I think it's an omen.
I think the Lord is trying to tell me, return to your roots, baby.
Return to Albee in Michigan.
And WALM, where the ghost of Derrard Karn is still stumbling down the stairs, pulling up his pantaloons from the toilet, trying to get ready to do the new news.
In a new piece, syndicated calmness and cotera, but she says her chest.
Oh, yeah.
With a long man cotera, be little's representative Nancy Pelosi's ascension to house speaker, and in curious fashion promotes and then knocks.
President pushes minority and female appointments to his cabinet.
The media yawned when Condoleezza Rice became the first black woman secretary of state rights coder, but when Nancy Pelosi achieves the minor distinction to become the first female speaker of the house, the New York Times acts like she's invented cold fusion.
Colder claims that only 77 documents noted Rice's achievement, half of the magnations of Jett, Essence Ebony or Black Othupin or Magazine.
She then notes the numerous minority appointments that the president's made to his cabinet.
In addition to Rice, she refers to Colin Powell, Alberto Vio, five Gonzalez, Carlos Gutierrez, Elaine Chao, and Retarded American Norma Meneta.
That's what she says.
Retarded American Norma Meneta.
It was as if Mariah Carey and Tiger Woods had children, and they all joined the Bush cabinet she writes.
Colder then curiously quips that the White House has been lousy with women since the first Bush term, mentioning secretaries Ann Veneman, the El Norton and Margaret Spellings.
Wonder if Ann Veneman was related to George Veneman from the Grafior Marfso, you bet your life show.
For a while there, she says it looked as if Bush might become the first president whose entire cabinet's menstrual cycles were synchronized.
The controversial Mitch, a columnist, doesn't spare her usual ranker against Democrats, noting that Senator John Kerry hightened only white males for top positions in his presidential campaign.
Even ridicules the party moderate GOP Senator Lincoln Chafee as the first development lead disabled senator.
How do you like that?
That bitch is at it again.
She is one of the most evil of the evil doers.
Evil, hateful, sour, bitch, bought off, do her job.
Yeah, her and Miss Fudge, they're probably sitting together there, and mind me being sure right now in his condo, with a bunch of naked, the young guys and girls.
267 votes on the pool throughout American history, which group has been treated the worst.
It's a tourist race.
Indians 529, blacks 447.
Everybody else small potatoes.
The Indians in the blacks fighting it out, baby.
Fighting it out to maintain their turf, their territory.
Is that what it's all about?
Show the turf wars.
Oh, and haven't I told you and everybody else do not ever.
Nobody listens to me.
Nobody will pay any attention.
I mean, they listen to the show, but they don't pay attention when I tell them.
It's like everything's a big freaking joke, you know.
Don't go on a cruise.
Don't waste your money if you go.
Let me say again, you only have a limited amount of time you're going to be alive.
You only have during that period of lifetime, you're going to have a limited amount of vacation time.
Okay, limited vacation time.
So unless you want to go on permanent vacation, don't hop you when you're asked
and your wife, your girlfriend, your boyfriend, your family on a cruise ship.
You're going to be very sorry more often than not.
By the time kind of a cruise line's liberty pulls into Port Everglades this weekend from a transatlantic voyage,
more than 700 people on board will have been affected with a highly contagious stomach-like flu-like illness
that appears to be a neurovirus, the cruise line said yesterday, neurovirus.
The outbreak could be the largest reported recent years by the cruise industry.
It's impossible for now to say what the sources said David Forney,
team for the cruise ship sanitation program, at the National Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
He said it's likely passionately has brought the virus with them when they've bored and it's spread from there,
but US inspectors will look at whether food or water contributed to the outbreak.
The cruise industry, which is required to report the illnesses to the CDC records dozens of viral outbreaks each year,
with affecting, mostly affecting fewer than 100 people, most of the individual ones.
While often publicized, the cruise ship outbreaks are far less common than they seem,
affecting about one in every 36 hundred cruise ship passengers, say Christine Fisher,
spokeswoman for the International Council of Cruise Lines in industry lobbying group,
as if she's got an credibility, as if she's an objective bystander.
Your chances of actually contracting neurovirus are much higher on land than on a cruise, she said.
Let's go on a sea cruise with Frankie Ford.
Who did that? Frankie Ford? Sea cruise.
I'll check.
As of Tuesday, 556 guests and 154 crew members onboard the Liberty had reported symptoms lasting one to three days,
puking their guts out.
According to a statement issued yesterday by...
...connabled cruise by a various Frankie Ford in my right?
Yes. Sea cruise.
...connabled cruise.
...connabled cruise.
You're going to talk it up or what?
...connabled cruise.
You're nuts.
Oh man, rhythm can't be my shield.
The Mimey-based company said you were just looking to chop it off before I, you know.
Not gonna do. Good job.
The Mimey-based company said the ship is carrying 284 paying passengers.
1166 crew members.
The ship currently on a 16-day tour that began November 3rd in Rome scheduled arriving for Lauderdale on Sunday.
It began in Rome, okay.
The outbreak began.
Let me ask you when you go on a cruise, how much time do you actually have when you go to these different places?
You know what I'm saying?
Five minutes?
I'll ask somebody.
Get the beast in here. He goes on them all the time.
No, that's because mommy and daddy are loaded with cash and they keep sending him and his wife out.
You know, I was thinking about that when I was shaving yesterday.
The fact that he's actually married to something living and breathing, who's actually maybe even touching him.
It is so unacceptable to me, just beyond my comprehension.
I'm gonna ask him how he grooms.
Ugh!
How do you groom a schmoo?
Well, you first have to take your razor on the end of the day.
As a Patrick McGuin, how they groomed Rover in the prisoner.
The outbreak began within 24 hours of departure and raged the strongest during the first five days,
while the ship was crossing the Atlantic Ocean.
They put the motion in the ocean.
Since Monday, the number of passengers reporting symptoms fell dramatically.
He said, suggesting the ship is getting the outbreak under control.
While hallelujah, goody, goody gumdrop.
The ship was originally set to sail again Sunday, but Carter will push the departure day back to next Tuesday,
so the crew could have two days to disinfect the ship and clipfuken their guts out and clean up all the vomit.
And God only knows what other kind of droppings all over that ship.
I think they put the, well, they certainly put the first three letters in ship,
and I think maybe a fourth one too, the end of P.
375 votes, which means we're gonna have by noon over 1,300 votes,
and people are talking about it at the water cooler.
The biggest name of the hotel, the audience, is Neil Rogers, Force Radio 560, UAM.
Holy mackenaw, this is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto May Beliefs,
and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God.
I'm getting divorced again.
I made you believe he fed was my man.
Forever he's a bum and a lush, his music is lame, and you see this up.
You're acting style of the differences. His ass is hitting the street.
He's home cabin baby now.
You're single again.
No more Mr. Spears.
No more reddit chain.
Stop acting baby.
Out the door with the shove.
You love finding love.
You're not back talented.
747-13-0-0-560 W.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
The guidance is contained in a slim newsletter the Montreal police services is meant to promote cultural sensitivity, but critics see it as the latest in the series of cases where civil rights collide with efforts at reasonable accommodation of religious and cultural minorities.
The issue is a major topic in Montreal where a litany of analogous incidents has come to light in recent months and where the pundits are suggesting the outer limits of official multiculturalism have been reached.
The question is even prompted the provincial government to set up an expert committee to provide advice on how to craft reasonable accommodations in public instructions like schools and hospitals.
But there are clearly still some kinks to be worked out.
The piece in the police newsletter which the service stresses is not a formal police department policy is headline sometimes being ignored as respectful.
The kinks.
Very good.
If that explains the cultural sensitivity of how city Jews and says your role as a professional is to facilitate exchanges with your interlocutor, your interlocutor.
In some cases that can mean bringing your male colleague to intervene.
The president of law for attorney, the police, whatever of the Montreal which represents the union which represents the city's 4200 cops said it was discriminatory for the police service to give such advice.
We support reaching out to cultural groups.
It's to our members' advantage if they do it every day.
But saying that it's okay for somebody to tell a female officer to step aside and let them intake over is just going too far.
Said even Francois who demanded yesterday the police service retracted stand.
We have 1200 women in the service gender relations are going pretty well.
We've long talked about equality and there's no issue there.
He said, but you can't tell someone to stand aside and be quiet because it's discriminatory.
Police spokeswoman Melissa Carroll said this is not a new policy and the passage in the common the October issue of the internal newsletter, Lourge juiced.
Whatever the hell that means.
Presented as a hypothetical scenario involving a robbery in a Hasidic bakery, simply serviced to inform officers about situations they may encounter.
A robbery in a Hasidic bakery.
Talk about long here.
But you won't find any Hasidimhorah here.
No.
Jesus.
I will say this you'll find plenty of attacking guys or hairless even though you're thinking about that hairy like Greeks too.
I think about Greeks and Italians, Mediterranean kind of people really very hairy guys.
I defer to your expertise and there trust me when I tell you I do.
In some Hasidic communities which observe an ultra-orthodox form of Judaism, in other words really extreme getch keys.
Scriptural interpretations forbid men from interacting with speaking to or touching women to whom they aren't related by blood or marriage.
Not that they're living in the Stone Age you understand, it's just that they're in the Stone Age.
The instance the latest in a series of high profile cases earlier this month, a Montreal YWCA made headlines and prompted a petition from members over a decision to install frosted windows in order to accommodate the Hasidic school across the alley.
A bunch of that frosted a lot of asses.
Last summer a suburban Montreal school board found itself at the center of a controversy after closed a school pool and covered windows to allow two Muslim female students to take a swim test.
Toronto police only accommodate request for specific office from Hasidic males.
Anyone else who asks when someone comes into a station in a non-emergency situation.
If we're investigating something criminal, whatever officer arrives on the scene that's what they'll get. Constable Norman Smart said, Norman Smart.
Constitutional experts for Julius Gray warned against the type of advice and the police newsletters saying it risked doing more harm than good.
We should only make accommodations in order to help people integrate. He said, I'm opposed to the ghettoization of people to Gray.
Some Hasidic community leaders meanwhile hailed the pamphlets example as a respectful position in regard to their religious beliefs.
But I'm not all that complicated. If there's a male officer and female officer, I'll speak to the man. But if they're both women, I'll speak to them.
Montreal shop owner five hellbinder told La Press. Well, Cox a hoistweed are okay. That's why somebody angle files people who speak in English are fleeing from Montreal.
Are they coming to more civilized places like Toronto where everybody speaks English, whether they want to or not? How do you like that?
You don't have any of that crap here. You've won all the people from India and China, Philippines and Pakistan, all those hairless Chinese guys and women.
Although I think the women might be a little hairy, but nevertheless they can be 1331 votes. I'll tell you one thing about the Chinese man.
They are smooth and silky. Make no mistake about that. Smooth and silky like butter. Just like butter.
Throughout American history, which group has been treated worse? 1331 votes and it's only 1207. We are going to do a crapload of votes under today. Can't you smell it?
I'll tell it. A crapload. I can smell it. And there's no point in reading the rest of them because they're all like, you know, way into behind.
There's only a two horse race. Indians, 554, 41.6% and Blacks, 468, 35.1%. Do we have a fax for anybody who was at the Gulf Stream yesterday? How about our honesty and reporter?
Oh, yeah. Man, I must be going through change of life for something like that.
And now, I'll probably see these guys. I think one day I'll do the whole show. Maybe I'll get some helium in here. Although helium is not good if you suck too much of it.
That's right. Helium, that is. Yeah, it's not too good. So I wonder if we're getting a big viewership on there. Every queen in town is looking at those pictures of a Brady Quinn on there. Just about as naked as you're ever going to see him. I'll tell you that.
And this thing can holy cow. That's a stud. That is really somebody right there. He can really bring it over to my house. Maybe have a liver. You have some pizza. I'd even ordered dominoes if he delivered.
Oh, maybe that's actually maybe that's who he's on the phone with and that picture on top there. I think it's ordering pizza.
Pizza maybe he's taken order for a delivery. Maybe he delivers it right to your door.
That special delivery. It would sure be special. I'll get over this. You'll understand. I read the audience is probably saying what is wrong with it? That's all he talks about the last two days. I don't know what it's all about where it came from. It's adorable.
Is it? Oh, yeah. It's a crush. I have a crush. Oh, and you know what I did? I did a really bad thing which hopefully you'll tell me how to get rid of it.
Because you know, you can create wallpaper with a clicker your mouse with the right click. And the picture that's on top there. It just come out the way I want to do it. So as a result, it eliminated my previous wallpaper.
The James Franco thing from Tristan and his old and I don't know how to get it back though. Did you save the picture of the original one somewhere? No. Oh, I don't know how to get rid of this.
No, we're just you just have to find the original picture on the internet like you like you did the first time. Like Google.
I think it's a piece of crap. Well, the picture blew up so big they really can't even face. You can change that. I mean, if you want the picture to stay in its proper proportions, we can change that too.
How do we do that? I'll walk you through it on the air or before the show. Let's do it right now. I don't want to have a whole day a whole 24 hours with this wallpaper on there.
Okay, we're looking at it. I'm looking to look pretty good at me right click on it. Yeah, properties. Right. Then go to desktop. Hit the desktop tab. Yeah. Over on the right side. You see where it says position. How about prone? Yeah.
Center center tile or stretch. You probably have it on stretch. No, I do not have it on center. How about stretch? That'll put it all out of proportion. Oh, I don't want to do that. What about the other one? If you hit tile, it'll make a whole bunch of multiple images. You might like that effect. Oh, I like that. That's good. Thank you very much. I live now. Wow. Thank you so much. I don't think I'm switching back. Okay. I'm just telling you right now being a little pervert that I am. It was not about doing the life I can do.
I'm not a virgin being a senior citizen. Okay. My excitement is playing slot machines at the Aracino man. That's my excitement. So just let me have a little bit of fantasy there. Okay. Just allow me a little bit of latitude and my attitude. This too shall pass when you see less. I'm sure that.
Scientists for the first time have grown human heart valves using stem cells from the fluid that cushions babies in the womb. Uh oh, offering a revolutionary approach that maybe used to repair defective hearts in the future. The idea is to create these new valves in the lab.
I'm going to talk about the pregnancy progresses and have them ready to implant in a baby with heart defects after it's born. You know, I watched. I finally figured out what is somebody guys hate women like poison.
Because I watched fatal attraction again was on a cable last night. Uh huh. Glenn close. Sure. He is what men hate about women. Why? Why can't you just give it up without all the drama? Relentless hateful nasty crazy just bitch. Just because we have sex with you that doesn't mean that we actually like you. Right. Not even a little bit. Right.
The Swiss experiment follows recent successes of growing bladders and blood vessels and suggests that people may one day be able to grow their own replacement heart parts in some cases even before they're born.
How do you like that? I'm going in the lab over there. I'm going to replacement heart. It's one of several sci-fi tissue engineering advances that could lead to homegrown heart valves for infants and adults that are more durable and effective than artificial or fedaberve valves.
This may open up a whole new therapy concept of the treatment of congenital heart defects that Dr. Simon Horstrup University of Zurich Sciences led the work which was presented Wednesday at the American Heart Association conference. He's from Zurich. He shvites not as far as shvites.
Also with the meeting well actually sounds like he's a horoscope. That sounds like Swiss or not Swiss Swedish. Whatever he is. He's a guy.
Also with the meeting Japanese researchers said they had grown new heart sounds dutch to me. New heart valves and rabbits using cells from the animals own tissue. I sure hope they didn't use the rabbit from fatal attraction.
The one that was boarding on the stove. Maybe maybe she was just make it be nice and making the family. Maybe. Maybe.
Who is there? I was a white rabbit. It wasn't?
I'm 60.
Yeah.
But it doesn't care about black people.
Maybe.
Open a good other very charity baby.
Oh, baby.
Shiny little little little smelly baby.
Give this a big chin. Now someone bounce down the road in a bit. That is super powe way.
Now with the horses stuffed open heels. A male get around the piece of the place.
I'm not 79. I'm bone cattle.
She's so looking bad now. He's my baby get a leg.
God, baby. Open a good other charity.
Chari, you baby. God, baby. Shiny little little smelly baby.
Yo.
I got a window down on a hot summer day cause they're easy don't work no way.
The sweaty pressure loss eats thoughts to smell against the dust you were getting over time.
I'm a taxi you find the shiny grandest smell like glass.
Thanks my coffee. Giant of two.
This I've been washing it with on the road.
Don't move any rear.
Open a good other charity.
Chari, you baby. God, baby.
Michael Schaffek, you throw in over Steve Lump's entrance.
God, baby.
Fresh with Laurent Derry. You'll be fancy to be a baby too.
God, baby.
Twenty past six to WQM happy Thursday to you man we got the mad dog coming up at two o'clock in the
Humper and the Panther stuff all kinds of good crap for you. Any came from Vegas after the
Panther game. What a tough assignment.
So guess who's got egg on their face today Josh speaking of your Florida marlins.
Who's that? You see the National League manager the year was chosen yesterday.
Yes I did. He fired Joe Gerardi.
Joe Gerardi of your Florida marlins who then of course after the fabulous job he did
of making them into a contentive or wild card spot. I got fired at it because the marlins
are a bunch of hard asses and because Jeffrey Laurie and David Senson between the two
and put together again I to I cue the size of Joe Gerardi's thumbnail. That's why.
Thanks again for that wallpaper George. That was a great idea.
I never would have known how to do that in the million years. Well there you go. That's
what I'm here. I know how to do it. It's just a question of getting hold of it.
1355 in a pool. I think we got a real shot today at 1500. That would be really something
out of Thursday. I don't know. How do you feel about dessert? That's great.
And of course you'll have to wait till tomorrow before you bring it in tubs of ice cream
again from Jackson's with him foot longs and. I'd be dead if I were there.
I'd really be dead. I just can't handle all that extra food.
Ted Rawl writes when it's democratic. Like every day as if it was your it says live
every day as if it were your last it's good advice modified for politicians treat every
term in office as if it were your last. Get in choked up about it. Republicans get political
existentialism when they campaigned for office they promised to be unites not to
viders. Once they win an election however talk about partisanship promptly
sails out the window. They freeze out the Democrats elected representatives
and constituents alike rather than compromise to accommodate the millions who voted against
them. Republicans played their right wing base racist and Christianists.
Well I like that. That's even better than Jesus Christ is. Christianist Jesus Christ.
Urrs. The GOP belligerately promised to promote the most extremist items on its
legislative wish list by declaring the effective media broad manifesto for radical
change and whole say rejection of the other side. They nominate judges whose
conservatism is far to the right of the average Republican. Sure they want to
unite the country by forcing everyone to go along with what they want.
Back in December 2000, recalls Lincoln, J.F.E.
Republican Senator from O'r Island and from one of the closest elections in our nation's
history. Vice President Electric Cheney was the guest at a weekly lunch meeting with
a small group of centrist Republicans. Many people expected Bush would receive
48% of what had been anointed after a controversial Supreme Court decision to halt the
recount to make good on his campaign promises to reach out to Democrats in a
spirit of bipartisanship, but Cheney had something else in mind.
I was startled to hear the Vice President dismiss suggestions of compromise and instead
emphasize an aggressively partisan agenda that included significant tax cuts,
the abandonment of international agreements, and a muscular unilateral policy.
Cheney and Bush understood that they might or have only one four-year term to
accomplish their goals knowing that they might never get another chance they insulated
themselves with a staff of like-minded ideologues and got to work at re-making
America in their image. Drawing on bluster and hubris, they bullied Democrats
into going along with the transfer of the federal tax burden from the rich to the
middle class. Next day, skillfully exploited Americans fear an anger following
9-11 attacks to attack Afghanistan and Iraq. By 2004, they eliminated
civil liberties that citizens of western countries had enjoyed for hundreds of
years, emasculating Congress and the courts to create a unified executive
former government. Most of the changes carried out by Bush's
neo-cons during his first term, new tax rates, U.S.A. pay-trade act, two wars,
pulling out of the Geneva Convention's torture, domestic eavesdropping,
will probably remain enforced for decades. Their strategy of running roughshod
over the Democrats worked. It helps to enjoy the complicity of the media
whenever Republicans win an election mainstream pundits at the results as
proof that the American people have handed them a mandate to do whatever they want.
When Reagan won an 80 Newsweek-Caledist triumph as an idea whose time had come,
a rousing voter competence in him and his politics, and posited that the
results fell nearly certain death for liberal causes. When Republicans picked
up seats in the 94-minute term elections, House Speaker Newt Gingrich,
Jorupon, media support to standpede, Clinton, in the way your long co-presidency
resulting in welfare reform and free trade packs. When is a win not a win?
When it's democratic. When the majority of Americans cast votes for the Democrats,
the results are invariably interpreted by the media and as the public desire
for moderation and bipartisanship rather than some radical left-wing agenda.
Democrats are told to abandon their campaign promises and ignore their liberal
base. The pain and divisiveness of the Republican rule past must be
heralded by big-hearted and self-hated Democrats, Democrats don't get
mandates. The double standard isn't new for all the records that broke time
editorialized in 96. Bill Clinton's 49 to 41 percent win was a victory for
studied modesty, for a willingness to swallow his pride to preserve his power,
embrace his enemies to steal their ideas, and marching into history as the first
two term Democrats since FDR, not with great leaps forward, but one baby step at a
time. It couldn't be clear if they'd spelled it out letter for letter,
voters elected a moderate Democrat present to carry out a moderate Republican
agenda. Clearly. For the first time since 94 Democrats find themselves in
control of both houses of Congress, they picked up 28 seats in the House and
six in the Senate, a stunning sweep considering that congressional redistricting
has made it more difficult to one seat in the Cumbats. But to fact that a lot
more Americans voted Democratic than Republican, that Bush is appropriating
his inter-record low 31 percent, doesn't mean much to the official media or it seems
to the winning Democratic candidates. Times post-election cover story was called
why the center is the place to be, the incoming freshman representatives reported
the New York Times, House organ of the Clinton-style centrist Democrats,
and it leads to the end of November 12th said that we're given a rear opportunity
by voters, many of them independent Senate Republicans, who are tired of a
partisanship in gridlock in Washington. Now they say they have to produce to
find a bipartisan consensus to avoid the ideological wars that have so dominated
Congress in recent years, to be pragmatist and to change the tone of Washington
after a sharply partisan campaign. They've said a bad example in not working
with us in coming Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, dead man in the suit
center of the Republicans, we're not going to follow that example. Belch, it says,
the fools already are running for re-election. And Ed Koshan has more to do with
it. That's enough. Ted Rawl, his name, and so is the
sore his cartoons. Like I said, good man. No Brady Quinn, but he's a good
man. What if Ted Rawl shares his armpits?
No, I'll ask him next time I say it. Yeah, see if he shaves the hair around the
inches of his ass. 13, Edward and 69 votes. We might get to 15, but I think it'll be a
close shave.
The biggest name of the best talent to the business, Neil Rogers,
4th radio 560, UAM.
Absolutely.
I'm going to have a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
Let me play the violin almost to the eighth both ben ventil or be my piano
Oh
Look at that steny hoyer chose the isn't coming house majority leader over John Murtha
Think Nancy's gonna be a little peeled about that who's steady
Immediately after that vote happened even the people who were most concerned about this
They are all trying to use the you word Heidi unity are trying to put in this thing behind them
I think the you word is un-
bailable. Yeah, but nevertheless there is a senior wences in drag
Than a bash little tiny deal anyway Andrew barge Schmuckler who writes on the smoking chimp
There's a decided to hold off publishing it until after the midterm elections
Which is to say I wrote this before John Kerry handed the Rovian's their opportunity to score points with his come'sly handled joke
I
Expect therefore there's even less need than there was when I wrote this to point out Kerry shortcomings as a standard bear for
2008 in any event here's what he wrote back in October
Andrew barged Schmuckler on his blog
You know Andrew barge Schmuckler do know I wonder if he knows when sugar with that great bar cheese in Marshall Michigan
Still haven't had it heavy have you ever had that that bar cheese in a croc in a croc in a croc no
Like my pot what is this God bless you love Jesus and how do you W. It's the late birthday card. Oh, isn't that cute?
L.D. I'll do the with yeah, that's cute. Okay. Thank you very much. Where that's from a lot of Q our work
He says there appeared on Google news on October 22nd article called Obama versus Clinton versus Kerry in08 and that I say none of the above
The leader American now desperately needs must have undeniable integrity and therefore the moral authority to speak to Americans about how we must
Repair the damage the Bushites have done. Hillary Clinton doesn't occupy such a space in the American mind and in part because through a political conduct
She's shown herself to be more of a maneuverer than one who comes from conviction
We need a leader who has clear vision of solid understanding and the courage and strength throughout against the forces of evil that have done so much damage to this country
John Kerry was handed the responsibility of providing that clarity and depth of understanding and courage and strength when he was a standard bear in that enormously important
Election of 2004
We wouldn't have Roberts and Lido on the bench. We wouldn't be practicing torture and passing legislation or mouth to abolish much of the Bill of Rights
Maybe we would have started doing something in Iraq better than staying a course that's proved disastrous
But John Kerry showed himself in that race to be confused and weak
Too confused and weak to defend himself in the liars attack and too confused and weak to tell the American people what was really at stake in that election?
We need a leader who has a thorough understanding of the system government that he's trying to make work of the larger world in which he'll be guiding the world's greatest power and trying to repair very serious damage in the
International system and of the host of other issues facing the country in the history of how they got that way but Barack
Obama's a newcomer to that world promising enough but not seasoned enough to be able to leave what needs to be more than the
usual status quo presidency
None of those three say eyes leader. We need to elect in 2008 say aye. He says say aye and we're barred Schmuckler
I would look again at Gore he says Gore has those strengths
Summied lacked in 2000, but he's shown that he's coming to his own in the year since then
There's now a solidity and authoritative quality to war that wasn't there in 2000
He showed it can speak about these bush shits with prophetic power. How do you like that?
With power he didn't have before
How dare they drag the good name of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein
He may not be charismatic, but he shown clarity and strength he showed integrity
He was also last person high in the public world to act with a nobility when he set aside his personal feelings after the Supreme Court decision and
Yielded to the ostensible rule of law in a gracious way
He showed himself even then to be so much better than these bush rights
And they were put anything ahead of seeking advantage in their pursuit of power
And I've lately been hearing rumblings of a possibility that Bill Moyers might be willing to run
He's another person who might have the right stuff for this historical moment says Andrew Bard
Schmuckler
He's given Gore credit for being gracious and stepping aside and letting these people come in and the
I give him the blame for it. Him and carry both that's right for being a couple of whims
What there's Nancy Pelosi that bitch
To be the speaker of the house speak this. Okay, honey
She looks like Nancy Reagan on a bad day woman for the little red dress
I'm just absolutely delighted that we have a democratic
Get off something like I told you before these people are only a buffer. That's all they are take two and call us in the morning
If your suffering take buffer, it's all I can tell you
If you think these people are a great hope for the future maybe I'd be looting yourself go take a couple more pills
Take about eight the whole bottle of buffer might you read it?
We get any faxes from anybody was a Gulf Stream yesterday for the inaugural lady view slot machines in further
As life goes on nobody died because there were slot machines of Gulf Stream yesterday
I'm sure that some people know how you know today, but not because of those machines. I don't think I
Must of course the Lord is just waiting. You know how he works the mysterious ways
Maybe he's laying in wait to punish us for those evil one-armed bandits
The free to bandito
See I start thinking about food again. I said freedom. I don't like freedom. It's all or Cheetos. I don't like that crap
See if you're gonna be eating carbs don't eat quality carbs. You know like ice cream
Dark chocolate. It's good for your heart. Eat a couple of pounds of dark chocolate man. Your heart will be great
Your heart will be dark. Why I said good plan. Yeah, let's start right now
You just cool it until tomorrow and then they're gonna bring it all like good stuff
And then you can like what you do is you take some of those little what do they bring the hot fudge and butter scotch in like little
Tubs little you know dishes with lids with lids on them
So you stick those in your newcomin the microwave and you make the hot fudge nice and really hot mm-hmm
See I tell you I mean hot fudge is okay
Even if it's cold when you're like a sugar addict like I am and I'm really I'm addicted to Brady Quinn and sugar
He's sweet but nevertheless
See what I'm saying. Uh-huh, and you heated up in the microwave and then you're poor that you laid a letter
Rocky road or whatever to bring. Oh my god. I'm gonna have a question just thinking about it to die from and to die for
I'm not eating no ice cream today. I'm not gonna let you talk me into it again. Don't do it
The worst influence of my life George Runrig is always pushing the food just like when he started talking about that
Electable pizza yesterday
You I'm still nauseous from it. Are you really?
Oh the pizza from a slimy wet from dominant greasy really
Other than that was a pretty good though. It was like a wet cracker with a with a catch up on it. Oh
Funny one till one at five sixty W. Kimmy or food station
For the innumerable any man were hungry over here. We're just hungry. We're just growing boys. That's what we are
Yeah, sideways wider every day. You watch Josh man. He's gonna balloon up and be a cow. I can't just tell it's not
Oh, I think I say that I beg your pardon not gonna happen. It's gonna happen. I can tell
Not gonna shovel it all that stuff down there and then tomorrow
We're probably gonna eat like a gallon of ice cream your damper
Oh, but I found I shouldn't head to this
Last week remember I was talking about
Kid can ice cream. Yeah, Nestle's makes it in quartz. Oh great
What maybe they can make it in coffin size and you can just climb in
Yeah, bury me with like a couple of half gallons of it wasn't very good. You could just
You're self-definished and they wanted to move the carcass very good
Of course, I'm gonna I'm gonna show you a thing or two
I'm gonna like to release all my bodily fluids just at the very ass end there
I mean right if you're else would you do it? Well
Who always maybe out of my ears
There's stenny horror the incoming house majority leader that Nancy Pelosi
Has been selected to lead the Congress the House of Representatives not just the Democratic Party
But he he's sucking up big time now because he hates him like poison who now ever heard of a guy named stenny anyway
Has stenny what kind of a name is that?
He's 60 70 years old she's 66 why can't we have some living and breeding people in there in charge of government?
It said these old parts, you know these lifelong politicians took conspiracy you just know they all got their their hand in the cookie journey ice cream
I'm on a jug they got their hands on the jugs
I'm gonna go back and look at that wallpaper again
No, no seriously. I'm gonna just say this to you in all seriousness all setting aside all this sexual
Fault or all yeah, right if he's shaving it man. He is doing one pristine job
Unless they're airbrushing the picture listen if well that too in the computer
Digitization but if somebody was going to take a picture of of one's chest
You're gonna make sure that it looks nice before the picture
Well, how do you know who took that picture? No, I'm saying if I if you know that you're going for a photo shoot
They're gonna be shooting your chest. Yeah, you're gonna make sure that it looks nice and neat
Didn't look to me like he was shooting on his chest
But at any rate
Now what's that picture coming up?
I'll be out sick that day
I won't be here by the way at Google Peter North my goodness now do you think Peter North was shaving his chest and bodily parts?
I dare not he sure if I wasn't shaving his private so I'll tell you that depends on what year we're talking about well
You talked to Peter about it
American a holes
We salute you mr. Peep show booth mopper upper
You were dismissed from your last job as a high school custodian for leering at students in the girls locker room
But now it seems you found your true calling as you punched the clock at Main Street adult book and video
You know tonight you march into those private viewing booths onto the gills with cleaning solid scouring pads and blind ambition
There are awkward moments when you accidentally walk in on a client
But that's okay because mr. Smith knows you're there to make his viewing experience cleaner
Safer and most importantly clear
So we salute you mr. Peep show booth mopper upper your paper towels your bum knee and your scraper
You are a real American a hole
Comforting a 12 to 1560 WNC we have 14 every two votes on the pool
We said wreck them. Yeah, that too
How do you like that 1402
Which means we're gonna make 1500 I can smell it already can't you smell it?
Hmm
A bus carrying senior citizens from the Golden Lakes neighborhood was broad-sided today
This morning by a speedy router truck sending 12 people to a hospital
The bus which is operated by the Jewish community center
Was in the 7800 block of Oka Chobay Boulevard in West Palm each one was struck about 930 this morning
Seven people were taking a Palm's West hospital five transported to St. Mary's Medical Center West Palm Beach two of them carried in by the trauma hot
Calacopter I'm sure will have updates from the QM news department about this later on in the day
There we go all the news that's unfit to print
JCC spokesman Scott Bernard said the center operates the bus for the Golden Lakes senior community
See you know, I hate to say this but I'm gonna say it anyway
Like I'm gonna look by yesterday and I'm gonna go take a leak and I put the cup on my chair and my jacket on the
You know back of the seat so nobody takes my machine and
I want a lot to go take a leak and
There's you know, there's people of all ages and many young people there which you would be shocked
You think that only old parts like me go there, but nevertheless there's plenty of oldsters
You know, there's this old guy who looked about a hundred years old while waddles by me is barely moving
And I'm thinking to myself what an old far you know
And then I stopped and I realized but then again, I'm an old fart. They're just a mirror walking by that could have been in
I just don't think I'm ever gonna be that you know, I mean I could be right
Well, maybe in two weeks. I'll need to walk her with wheels on it. I don't know and I'll take a oxidant keep eating that ice cream
You won't be I'm not eating any ice cream. Okay, so a week or two ago
I found a court of Nestle's
Kit Kat
Should have been called smitchman
Wasn't very good. There was nothing like the Kit Kat I had at Fallsview
Which means this next coming weekend I better go to an agro falls
Not to gamble just eat ice cream
It's a little bus route to the store and grocery shopping route. I said it wasn't a JCC event
Just a little trip to the store. He said the bus driver a JCC employee was fine
But could not immediately provide his name one Lopez
Another guy whose name ends in a Z the owner of speedy rudder in West Palm Beach was not immediately available for comment
Employee confirmed the truck driver was upset, but fine. He was upset when you'd be upset too
Yeah, if you slammed into a bunch of busload of old farts
Witnesses said the bus was eastbound on Okachoba may have run a red light the bus appeared to be turning from golden
Golden lake stand west in Okachoba fire fighters had to cut off the left side of the bus to free out some of the passengers
Okay, so you get some of the oxygen and walkers out of there. Oh my goodness
Yeah, I'm thinking about old farts and I realize who the hell are you thinking about it?
Just like calm people fat. You know like Kristie Ali
Did I ever play the Kristie Ali bit?
Not today
No, not the old one. I'm talking about this live in Chicago
Many months of sweat and tears have gone into what is about to happen right here on this stage
Kristie Ali she's coming out in front of a live audience in a
Keeney. Are you sure you want to do this?
You know I'm 55 years old. I am deeply sorry about that
Body parts going like
Exactly see it was worth it
Speaking of right wing idiots, you know Glenn Beck another tamper reject Glenn Beck Ramms with Dreck
He's on headline news now in fact Keith Obermann selected last night as yesterday's
Worst person in the world
He picked him yesterday is the worst person in the world. Yeah, is that every day if you watch your countdown
Which you don't even watch it?
I do sometimes
To the end of the show every day picks the words. It's usually below Riley or somebody like that
But this was just as good on the November 14th edition of his CNN
Hildline news program Glenn Beck interviewed representative elect Keith Ellison Democrat
Minnesota who became the first Muslim ever elected to Congress on November 7th and asked Ellison if he could have five minutes here
Where we're just politically incorrect and I play the cards up on the table
After Ellison agreed the anxious right wing back said I've been nervous about this interview with you because what I feel like saying is
Sir approved to me that you're not working with our enemies
Back at it. I'm not accusing you of being an enemy
But that's the way I feel and I think a lot of Americans will feel that way
As media matters for America is noted Beck previously warned that if Muslims and Arab zone act now by
Stepping up to the plate to condemn terrorism
They'll be looking through a razor wire fence at the west and declared that Muslims have said on your frickin hands the whole time
Rather than lining up to shoot the bad Muslims in the head will face their consequences
They got excerpts from the November 14 edition of CNN headline news is Glenn Drek a Beck show
Back history was made last Tuesday when Democrat Keith Ellison got elected to Congress
Representing the great state of Minnesota. Well not really unusual. I'm in a so-called elected Democrat
What is noteworthy is that Keith is the first Muslim to be elected to the House of Representatives
He joins us now. Congratulations, sir
Ellison how you doing Glenn glad to be here back. Thank you
I'll tell you may I and maybe we have five minutes here where we're just politically incorrect and I play the cards face up on the table
Ellison go there
Back okay no offense and I know Muslims. I like Muslims
I've been to mosques. I really don't believe that Islam is a religion of evil
I you know, I think it's being hijacked quite frankly
With that being said you are a Democrat you are saying let's cut and run and I have to tell you
I've been nervous about this interview with you because what I feel like saying sir
Sir proved to me that you're not working with our enemies and I know you're not
I'm not accusing you of being an enemy, but that's the way I feel and I think a lot of Americans will feel that way
Ellison well, let me tell you the people of the Fifth congressional district know that I have a deep love and affection for my country
I there's no one who's more patriotic than I am and so you know I don't need to prove my patriotic stripes
Beck I understand that I'm not asking you to I'm wondering if you see that you come from a district that's heavily immigrant with some
Millions and I think it's wonderful honestly
I think it's a really good sign that you are you could be an icon to show Europe
This is the way you integrate into a country
I think these some millions coming out and voting is a very good thing Ellison I'd agree with you
How do you like that?
Prove to me that you're not an enemy of the country because you're a Muslim you're not on the other side
You're into that cut and run crap how you're working working sleeping with the enemy just like Julia Roberts
That's a great movie by the way
Yeah, it was and another nice surprise ending
Yeah, a refreshing surprise. Well, how do you like that?
I mean, yes, I would say match point is better. See if you can see the enemy is great, but match point is just
Sensational. Yes, it was when you read Josh
Yes, I would wow
Now what was the other movie before that that you said that uh had something to do with like a messy divorce or something like that?
Well, I said that you you're into the uh the
Affair movies in Tristan and Azul because that's what's going on in that movie as well
I need to finish watching it you haven't watched the ending of Tristan and Azul
I'm in the end
Yeah, oh sorry. They know match. That's for damn sure. No, it's not it's definitely not as good as match point in fact
James Franco's disappeared on my um wallpaper
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, and that's something that's how fickle I am especially after I seen him in that
What was that awful TV series that I got was sent away for and it was horrendous?
Uh, and I mean, I didn't need to see that either with the school
Aspiderman school days, but for getting about that
Which I love spider man one and two, but the bottom line is he was a scrawny and uh he didn't look like too much to me in there
You'd have to admit he looked like he bucked up a little bit in Tristan and Azul and that was what he had
Ha and shaved his chest. Did he really? I don't recall but I hope you notice that I think I'll have to watch that again
To find out I think it was near
While he's Jewish, I'll tell you that so he's probably a little on the hairy side. Do you tend to be hairy?
So I've seen well, I made some Mediterranean thing Italians Greeks Jews
Mm-hmm who might leave an out? Spaniards
Spaniards. Oh lots of Spanish. A lot of a smooth hairless uh, Spaniards too as a matter of fact
We got all kinds up there in the hiberia. How about Cubans? Uh-huh depends on uh their stock. Yeah
Depends on who's stuffing their stocking
Is that what you say and what's your best rating?
The biggest name of the best talent
The best is Leo Rodgeroy
Oh, it's going to be a radio 560
You A L
Oh boy, it's the one to two hour
First I watched a copy. I knew Bush had my back
I was having lots of fun running things there in a rack
Now WS let me know that I am no longer his ace
I'm disgraced and I've lost my parking space
So now I can ask to resign
Told to shut my reputation in that place where the sun don't shine
I want to quit a year ago if I knew what was waiting for me
I would have put the reservation to go running with chain E
Go on now throw me out the door
That's see if I care
We're getting bushes smart with such a chore
A week ago he loved me
Now he tells me goodbye
He's replacing me with some creepy CIA guy
But I will try
I will survive
I've got my social security
Hey wait that hasn't run dry
Oh right, I broke a very smart
Or I'll go to work at Walmart
But I will survive
I will survive
Hey I wonder if Harvey's needs a secretary of defense
I think that he meant Walmart or me a man's name and heaven don't you?
Indeed I haven't watched that DVD yet
Now did you see it Walmart uh whatever that one is?
No I'm so behind on stuff as you know
I'll be damned the watchin that is
So here's the uh here's the story behind the story
Democrats electorate is new majority leader
Steny Hoyer was elected House majority leader this morning defeating speaker
Design Nancy Pelosi's choice
Representative John Murtha
Well Steny Hoyer 67 Murtha must be 110
Hoyer won the number two leadership job easily
149 to 86
But the showdown divided the Democrat House caucus only a week after its party
One a majority of seats in the Congress that begins meeting in January
And prompted numerous complaints that Pelosi and her allies used strong arm tactics
And threats to try to elect Murtha to the job
She's how she's already pissing people off
Democrats this morning unanimously chose Pelosi to be the speaker of the House
She'll be the first woman to hold that post
See man called her at a point. They're already writing about that
She ain't no condom Lisa. Thank God
Murtha 74 see I told you older than dust
For Marie and I'll tell you how's there gonna be here doing the show on I'm 74 10 years
I'm signing a 10-year extension. Okay. I'm extending it
Murtha 74 from a ring and people are running like crazy
Former Marina was among the first on Capitol Hill to call for you as truth with your offer Murack
May have heard his own chances last night or two tonight
We need to ride in the Democrats ethics and lobbying package before saying he'll push for its passage
Any way out of difference to Pelosi
His statement at a gathering of conservative blue dog Democrats was cited by her backers
His further proof that Murtha's controversial ethics record disqualifies him
To lead the party in a new political era
He said that the bill was a piece of crap. We had that earlier and I can still remember remember reading it almost like I was there when it happened
Pelosi's aggressive intervention on behalf of Murtha baffled an anger at many Democrats
Who said she unnecessarily put a reputation on the line out of misplaced loyalty to a friend
And because of a longstanding feud with Hoyer they might already whip
Pelosi pushed Murtha's candidacy at social events and private meetings and within coming freshman Democrats
They were called to office to discuss committee assignments
We'll need to hear first that she needed Murtha in order to be an effective leader. She was pushing it
Pushed too hard. I don't even remember that song by the seeds. You're pushing too hard. You don't want me to play that again
Do you? Oh, you're not gonna play it again. Are you? Yeah
Well, don't wait for it. Oh, I'm waiting
I'm waiting I had to put something I had to move something over here and I don't have it. Oh
On the eve of the vote which is conducted by a secret ballot
Hoyer maintained the public support of most incoming committee chairman including
influential liberals such as representatives Barney Fag, Barney Frank, Amazons, and Chewsents
And Maxine Waters of California most conservative blue dogs and 21 of the 40 or so freshmen
But Murtha had a sizable contingent from the appropriations committee in the Pennsylvania delegation as well as
Pelosi's closest supporters after endorsement Pelosi continued to push Murtha on a bash early
I wonder she knows Dana Bache
Dana Bache. Oh my goodness
I will tell you this if you wonder what the what the mental problem with mental health in america's just turn on the tube man
Chew television is making people crazy
Now you think I'm maybe exaggerating a little bit but I don't think so. I don't know how crazy. It's making them stupid
Crazy stupid and crazy. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, like that
Crazy
They put these people on there. I wonder if your girlfriend is on yet. It's it's one o'clock is that when you have to be
Pete be with you again. Yes, and I know as I felt there's Danny Hoyer who I know that ain't Danny Hoyer who's that guy with you
Take care and we're following another breaking story. It's not neurodannel on NBC and ain't my girlfriend
It ain't really Cosby
There's no fun. You gotta admit she she is at least a little bit of fun from a humor standpoint
If you were really really great sense of humor
The CIA has acknowledged for the first time the existence of two classified documents including a directive signed by president bush
That have guided the agency's interrogation and attention of terrorism and suspect oh my god
The CIA refer to the documents in letters and friday from the agencies as associate general counsel
John McPherson the lures for the ACLU
The contents of the documents were not revealed
But one of them is a directive signed by president bush
Grading the CIA the authority to set up detention facilities outside the US and outlining interrogation methods
That may be used against detainees the ACLU said based on this review of published accounts
The second document according to the group is a justice department legal analysis
Specifying interrogation methods that the CIA may use against top al-Qaeda members
ACLU lawyer said they'll urge public disclosure of the contents of the documents
We intend to press for release of both of these documents
Jamil jaffer lawyer for the group said the statement if Bush and the justice department authorize the CIA the torture prisoners
The public has the right to know don't we think absolutely yes
A spokesman for the CIA to climb to discuss the matter for obvious reasons
The documents had been sought by the ACD unit for a suit filed in New York federal court under the Freedom of Information Act
The suit is previously led to the disclosure of thousands of documents from the Pentagon the FBI the Justice Department of the Ragingcies
In the past CIA lawyers have sought cannot cannot just tell you one thing about all of this
Okay, it's all
Bullshmit, you know what I mean? I'm not saying that what they're claiming is bullshmit
It's all a bunch of crap. They're gonna do whatever they want to write that's the way it works in the real world
Okay, all you idealist out there
I'm not suggesting that you ought to be cynical like me crusty old and cynical
But just enjoy your life. That's all I can tell you just go find a good machine a good sex partner
Whatever the attorney turns you on go with steal some money do whatever you want
But don't expect these bastards ever going to do anything honest or that makes any sense
It's not gonna happen man. It's not gonna happen
They lie like hell we know we worked for Greg Reed for a long time
We know what lying is all about
The fact that he's back in that building over it power down the hall there. It's just just amazing to me. It's astonishing
The fact that Larry King and the Humber have are not internet literate
I mean even I was able to put that nice so wallpaper on my
Bestop there look at that
There's two Brady Quinn side by side and it looked very much like identical twins
Side by side one's tested a little bit smoother than the other one one's got like a little follicle
Well, you missed the spot sweetheart. You missed the spot. Let me get it for you
How about this spot over here? You know who's really great, but that nobody pays any serious attention
Because he's short that's how it is George you short people I know all about it
They ignore short people especially short people with bad hair pieces
And an interview with Amy Goodman of democracy now former presidential candidate representative Dennis Cassinich
He always says all the right things. He's got a huge pair of balls especially for a little guy
But he has that problem
Is that nobody no nobody pays any attention to him nobody takes him seriously and you want to know why oh?
Little gyre kind of funny looking that's it right
Dennis Cassinich called for an end to American financial support of the war effort in Iraq and for a media troop withdrawal
Like now before we have any more dead people for based on lies for nothing
We need to get out said Cassinich we spotted to a comment by a member of a conservative think tank think tank my ass
And we need to get out through cutting off funds once we determined to cut off funds the money is in the pipeline for an orderly withdrawal
He went on until you cut off funds the administration's free to keep the troops there as the president is stated to get in
He's going to do the White House is prepared to stay in Iraq through the end of its term until hell freezes over till the end of time
Cassinich insisted that Democrats have to come up with a new direction for the Iraq quagmire and that new direction must be out
It has to be you and in us out to which I would say
Absolutely
Correct sure in the same interview another former Democratic presidential candidate and senator George McGovern had this to say
When asked about parallels between the situation in Iraq and the war in Vietnam
Which was raging during the remember 72 campaign for the White House against Dick Nixon
While they were saying the same thing they're saying about Iraq
We were told during all those long years when I and others are trying to terminate our military involvement in Vietnam
And intervention that the chief art to our context now say was a dreadful mistake
And they said that if we pulled out maybe it was a mistake to go away
And but if we pulled out there'd be slaughter of people in Vietnam of indiscrabible dimensions
That ho Chi Minh and his people would just slaughter everybody in the country that disagreed with him
We also were told that the country's next door would start topping into communism if we left Vietnam
None of that happened
There was no great bloodbath inside Vietnam the Vietnamese became our friends almost immediately after we took our army out of their country
They assisted us and tried to locate missing American soldiers. They were ready for diplomatic relations with us
We have no problem with Vietnam today
And as a matter of fact none of the country's next door toppled into communism
So those were the scare tactics that were used to keep us in Vietnam for about 20 years
The president has said recently that maybe we have to stay until the year 2010 in Iraq
That's another four years during which time will probably kill several thousand more American troops
And the terror not going on inside Iraq that began when we invaded the country will only get worse
No country in the long term wants a foreign army lodged in their country
Nobody wants to be aquapoddo baby nobody wants to be occupied
Addition lectures from the interview a full transcript which is available here on this thing follow and I'm not going to read it
Because soon it's this year I think the American people responded a week ago
They asked for a new direction. They're fed up with the war that's based on lies
They're fed up with seeing our brave men and women dying a cause that wasn't correctly stated by the administration
They're fed up with having America separated from the world community
They're looking for a new vision one that includes America's the nation among nations
Not a nation against nations one that takes the real power of our ingenuity creativity to create alternative energy
So we don't pursue oil as a matter of national security using the military to grab oil
Americans are looking for a new direction
You go a little dentist before somebody steps on you and squashes it like a nat
Little people I think Randy Newman had a good point even though I can't stand Randy Newman
What do you do to you? I just don't like Randy Newman. I don't like him. I think he's funny. It is uh, I don't know
You like him when you like him because you're short
No dislike him. Oh, there's short people by Randy Newman. I just can't I don't
Can't do it. You might take a long. He reminds me a little of Bill Maher on a bad day
I heard that. Sorry. I take that back. That was a real shot. I heard he was a good tipper
He'll pick up a jacket better every now and again
Yeah, I heard Brady Quinn's good tipper too. Big tipper
God can you believe that? That was that was like magic
That was like when that alarm went off right after I did that feedback routine like that. I don't want to do it again. It's piercing
Remember Billy Pierce great to left-hander for the White Sons? Who?
I was thinking about the great Jewish athletes. You know that Hank Greenberg
I wonder if he was kind of Seth Greenberg and Sandy co-facts in Joel Hurlin and Al Rosen
What about uh, what's his name? Sean Green
I wouldn't say he's a great player with you Josh. He had a couple really good years. I think he's a good player
Good player. Not a great player though. No. He's not in the category with like Sandy co-facts and Joel Hurlin. Those are really great Jews
1445 that would be a good poll to take someday
Who is the greatest Jew of all time? Who's the greatest uh, gay of all time? Who's the greatest black about right? When I be good? Sure
Einstein
Is the greatest Jew of all time? I'm just throwing Jew names out there, you know
What about Manasha Skolnik? Who's the biggest name sub best talent to the best is Neil Rodgers?
Hey Neil, this is Randy West and as per our phone conversation
I taught to Peter North here the day
He tells me your real name is Neil down and he's still ain't interested
This is the story by the woman we don't take kindly to
She joined the seventh opposition she kind of slid into oh my god
Her man bill ran the country in 1992
Boy she'd love to be president too
She works in the old big apple
But we sent him a found living in that quiet house castle
In four years she'll have an election to attack her
Good Lord, don't let Hillary run
Lord, don't let Hillary run
Go on to another plenty time
If she wins we're finished and done
So good Lord, don't let Hillary run
One 18 boy, I got a really savory story. I hope you finish lunch everybody
Yeah, I think it's safely passed on time for most isn't it not really sure
Oh wait till it's coming down one moment please you got a puker gut shot
A Chinese military surgeon had eight Chinese citizens killed to supply a single
Patient with a new kidney
What do you need? Ataway said former Canadian Secretary of State for Asia David Kilger on November 14
He spoke as a special guest on the Asian human rights forum in Warsaw on day two of a five-day program
The incredible thing is the doctor would go down the names of sheets of paper looking for blood types and tissues and so on and the patients would
Something names on the list see how the margins chopped off
The doctor would then go away and come back with organs said Kilger while conducting research in Asia Kilger
A now 35-year-old man named and nationally withheld where we see the kidney transplant at Shanghai number one hospital in 2003
The man said that a surgeon was doctor
Tianjian Ming
Secretary of the Chinese Research Society of Dioluses and Transplantation Dr. Tian also held post a number of Chinese military and civilian hospitals
The patient suffered from an antibody condition that made it difficult to find a suitable kidney over an eight-day period
Four separate kidneys were brought to him and rejected they tried them
But they didn't work when none of these worked three months later we tried another four the last of which was a fit it was a fit
Dr. Tian told a man explicitly these organs came from executed Chinese prisoners and that at least some of the organs have been harvested secretly against the donor's wishes
All right, I'm certain that at least some of these were for loon-gong practitioners who never went near a court who never convicted of anything said Kilger
How do you like that not that the Chinese do barbaric things like that are that they eat dog and rat and horse and horse around they like to us around and their hairless and smooth
And horny is hell 1450 I got news for you don't make a big in people without being horny is hell
Amen a lot of screwing going on sure. What else you got to do?
Eat rice mm-hmm and
make nice
1456 votes on the pole through and will only do those top two that's where the battle isn't it's getting it's not close
Throughout American history which group has been treated the worst like poison like rotten to the treated like crap
The Indian 617 and blacks 504
Jews have moved over a triple digits anyway 109
109 Jews, but
594 504 for black 617 for the Indian Indians got a lick man. They got it made
Now they got all of casinos going you know
Yeah, so in the white man I'm cancer sticks so we can like get all those diseases long cancer all those
Emphacine and broccule diseases, you know
All your kids out there put down those faggets. Okay. Don't start smoking those things all the LSMF
LSMFT what lucky strike means find them echo. Who does it?
And Winston tastes good like a cigarette should
Newports and again then there was always the picture of that really beautiful young couple in the in the woods smoking Salem
The suggestion being that if you smoke Salem you would look like them and be screwing your brains out with some hot
But nevertheless didn't work did it no
There was something that was smoking but it wasn't necessarily a partner
The Bush administration trying to push through judicial nominations before Republicans lose control of the Senate
In January officially
Resummented six nominees deemed by Democrats to conservative for the federal bench. They just won't give it up
Five nominees with a subject of an angry exchange in August when Democrats said their selection was a soft to the president's conservative base a soft
The White House yesterday submitted Terrence Boyle of North Carolina and William James Haynes the tooth of Virginia to the fourth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals and Richmond
Michael Brunson Wallace and Mississippi to the fifth circuit court in New Orleans
Peter Kaiser Maryland of District of Columbia Circuit and William Jerry Myers deterred and Norman Randy Smith both Idaho for the United
Circuit in San Francisco
Everybody except Kaiser is generated an intense opposition from Democrats
Understanding rules denominations must be recently admitted after Congress takes an extended break
As was the case this year for the 2006 election isn't Congress always on an extended break yes
Democrats have asked the president to be bipartisan
But this is a clear slap in the face
And I'll request that Senator Chuck Schumer and New Yorker member the judiciary committee for the sake of the country
We hope this is an aberration because the president feels he must placate his hard right base rather than an indication of things to come
Senator John Corne and Republican of Texas Vocal back or many Bush's judicial picks said he thought it would be very
Tough to get the nominees through the Senate during the lame duck session, but he added hope springs eternal
Corne and said judicial nominees will test that Democrats stated desire to run the Senate with greater by partisanship
We'll see whether now the third of my majority status if we're gonna have any logical litmus test for judges corne and said
The president's picks for the federal bench of spark angry debate in the Senate the incoming majority leader
Democrat Harry Reid and Nevada once threatened to filibuster borrows nomination if it came to the full Senate
Haynes was an architect of the Bush administration's eventually abandoned policy on the treatment of terrorism detainees
He later told the Senate panel the reversing the policy was the right thing to do just like when Moe backed off demanding that they fire your ass
He did the right thing
Remember that mighty white of it. Yeah
I did the right thing. Oh my god. What an evil doer
First this week also since several non-judicial nominees to the Senate one was Kenneth White, Tom Linson
Renominated as chairman of the broadcast import of governors and agency that directs us overseas broadcasts
His nomination is bogged down because allegations of misconduct
Maybe probably released in august by the state department's inspector general said Tom Linson misused government funds for two years as the board chairman
He distributed the allegations just what we need is more crooks in there come on
But W. I'm sure you can find lots more of your buddy crooks to stick in there before it's too damn late
You lunatic you maniac you evil doer you and like I said corne is helping
Sitting scream you get all bent on a shape now. I think you're like tomorrow's pool
Which I usually don't tell you but I may have left somebody off so far
And since I did screw up and leave Indians off today. Thanks to George for getting that on there. They're leading by a mile no charge
Which ultra rich person you despise the most remember I threatened to do this I talked about yesterday
Here's the list of people I got so far
Ted Turner
Wayne Heisinga
Oprah Bill Gates
George Steinbrenner Rupert Murdoch Donald Trump and Warren Buffett
That's what I got so far I leave any ultra rich people off there
We're not talking about people like I like you know a million dollars. We're talking about really really very wealthy people
How about Merv Griffin nobody nobody thinks about him anymore doing a murder you ferry do you do you know
But that's because you watch Jeopardy what about it? I know he invented it
But we also then we owe a fortune yes he did think so
We'll torture
By the way vana's 87 and pats a jack's 96 remember that kind of cold in that day
What you're wrong you're giving out bad in for me. I don't give a crap. Okay. Who cares how old she is
She doesn't do a damn thing. She ought to kiss the ground every day
To get paid for turning the freaking letters. She didn't even do anything. She doesn't even turn them at all. That's just a mirage
Just like in Vegas, man. It's just the mirage. That's all it is
You know how you touch is the thing and it turns blue
That's what the past city said she touches it and it turns blue. Mm-hmm purple
Oh, they started to get one at Mojava David thing. I'm obsessed
You're obsessed
I apologize I apologize profusely for all the uh Brady Quinta all about let's see who they playing this week no to name
Why do I ask Josh you don't know often about sports
Who they playing none of them about Notre Dame well, why not
I'm not looking at shirtless pictures of the court of like poison man. What is that yeah?
Have you not you're the one that's putting them on there because you told me to well
If I put it and put some naked guy on there, would you do it?
Noted in fighting. I hate them like poison as you know, but I served root form when uh all though
You know the interesting thing who did they lose to a couple weeks ago? You see L.A. Or USC. Whoever they lost to remember that
They did lose didn't they no
They didn't they when they pull that game out
Yeah, I haven't played USC yet. So who do they play UCLA?
No, I don't think so and how they didn't meant you better learn you're fighting Irish football mr
Because you sure as hell don't know it we're gonna turn your ass into the freaking bird stender
At any rate, I don't know who the hell are playing. I can't stand them anyway. Okay. It's just me being a fagging
You know rooting for Notre Dame because the quarterback looks hot, you know, I mean, that's just stupid. That's childish
That's embarrassing. That's humiliating. That'd be like you watching some ladies tennis match
And just got some hot chickies on their plane. You rooting for her to win. Now you wouldn't do that with you
Yeah, Anna gonna go
Like I said Anna's corner hoody boy, and I'm telling one thing. It's a good thing. She don't play too good
She don't look too good. She don't play too good and she's got legs like tree trunks
The biggest name sub best talent
Anna you're right
Forch radio 560
You a
M
Who's gonna get bricky a blow
You
In the hood for me she can't walk in a straight line
I get to kick out of the way that she wants to see me
You
Ever had one lady that was thinking my keys to fill my life
I let her be my wife
But I should have used my pain about the way that she wanted to scream me
Yeah, that was one way
It would have been a lonely kiss as I gave it one to have her
Just a little scary kiss
Yeah, the one who made her was the better thing to say
So no, it's never coming to a happy
Ain't gonna make people's no more
Oh silly aspirates man sir Paul McCartney
Sure this one we talked about to do this till it just makes me gay
sir my ass
I wonder if you ever been surfing in the big sir no 14-7-76 votes
We need 24 and 27 minutes to get to 15-100 we got that licked. I am confidence is extraordinarily high
Do you think?
Absolutely
Either that or maybe George is extremely high not yet
You will be when that ice cream shows up tomorrow
And you better not be googling too much about it on the air or that's gonna set me off for the whole weekend
It will be very bad. We'll eat very quietly. I'll be out going on getting a tub of Nestle's turtle
I haven't had any of that in a long time
man
One ticket sold in the city of Frostproof match all six lotter numbers to win a jackpot of 30 million
Lottery officials said today. Who's your eighth that went some yehu in a place like Frostproof
Where now is what I don't know it's right up 27
Oh my god on a way to like Tampa
Um way before that. I mean it's it's an hour away north on 27 by the lake. Is it a mistake on the lake? Is it by Avon Park?
Okay, I wonder if that German restaurant still around the Avon Park as you'd rather up 27
A total of 108 tickets match five numbers to win 6450 $4 and 50 cent each
7000 plus tickets match four numbers for 80 dollar and 50 cent and
151,000 tickets match three numbers for five bucks. You only get five five bucks for three numbers out of six
Here you get ten bucks for three numbers and two plus the bonus you get five bucks
Well, what a rip off nice go on a fat ass jeffster you idiot you lunatic what a rip off
Three
Three numbers to get so many five bucks in the Florida lotto is one of the worst bets take your money to go stream instead
Okay, take it to pop it on plunger guts out
I'm Brucey Ranger who's a constant danger or Wally, Hennessy
Maybe Wally won't get lost. Hey, having a big year right Wally good good like you
I was thinking before you know that 30 million lotto winner wouldn't it be something to one of our listeners one 30 million
A lotto especially some like maybe old lady who's like 89 years old something like that
Yeah
And then she like you know somebody who's been listening to me for a long time about 30 years
Now what would you think it would be an appropriate amount? I'd say a million a year for 30 years sounds like 30 million
Okay, I'll tell you this kind of thing over okay, honey
And of course, it's kind of stupid saying it because in Florida you don't get the money
What if you're like 80 years old and you win a lottery for 20 million dollars
They're gonna pay within a newity until you're like 150 years old
You're never gonna see the money or
Or like if you want to settle for the smarter amount and get it all in one lump or give you like 40 bucks, you know what a joke
One of the biggest cons one of the worst ripoff the way it's done is what goals my ass, you know
At least here if you win a lot of the grade right to check cash money baby on the barrel head no tax no one to the no games no BS
They're gonna take that fat ass governor yours and string his ass up right out there in the middle of Miami lakes
Somewhere don't you think I'd be good idea? I'll watch and the rest of them to string them up
Piece of turd and his dysfunctional daughter and his smuggling wife and his carousing son
And then the other son there who thinks so you know he wants to be president of Mexico
Is that George P? You ever see George P? Not lately
Unless it was me. Hey Josh ever see George P
Yeah, a couple times
1480 votes on the pool man. We're gonna make that 15 hundred we got the 24 minutes to go
We had a long way to go too long if he asked me
I'm fixing to go get me some nice lunch you thought I'm fixing to go get a nice lunch today something like low carb
Get my blood sugar down to a nice level under 800
Throughout American history which group has been treated the worst the worst although I do like my bratwurst
I'll tell you that I think I'm gonna start to win the show from Berlin
Hmm
14 or 82 votes
Indians
630
Black 512 Jews 109 those are the only three groups in dubbine triple digits
Gays only 68
Maybe we can move our frequency like 680 gay 68 with epic rate floor man
Do you know that once upon a time I never told you this I don't think thick Casper
Remember my boss and mentor to Casper rest in peace he wanted to buy a radio station in San Francisco and turn it into an all gay radio station
A talk station and I was gonna be like the main anchor. I was gonna be like the pivot man
Well happen though
Women 67 I hate this pool 57 a mere 3.8 percent pretty good for us with these picky poll people out there
Another worse than a picky poll person
Mexicans 20 and Catholics 19
And Catholic Mexicans of course. That's an 1482
I think it's a shoo in for 1483 look at that the votes are pouring in by the ones were a shoo in for 1500
Is that impressive or what don't forget the panthers host the Montreal Canadians the frogs tonight
Take your anti-frog repellent when you go to the macarena all those obnoxious
Montreal folks will be there nasty they smell bad. They wear them as speedos. Oh my god
Parlebo get lost probably we'll go home. That's what you should tell them when the big bus loads of french Canadians they're pulling on their body arena
So how many more right years you think the panthers are gonna be in existence
I'm saying maybe two
Maybe we can bring the strikers back
What that was his name
The coach
Yes, can they yeah, he did those promos for us those droppings ray hootson that was the fusion right hootson
Oh, it was the fusion. I thought he was also the coaster of the Hudson the coach of the coach of the Hudson
She's ray hootson my army fusions head coach now love the queen of South Florida Neil Rogers should be in book and in palace
But we'll keep him here. They're having something for a little confusion
Yeah, the biggest names of best talents this is Neil Rogers for radio five sixties
Oh, man, we'll start with your god from the spoke
Oh
Anybody here
Seen Jack Ed from home
Our income suit and for darah
He's through a lot of people but we sometimes get down
I god are variety in theal come
Saying goodmetian
Don't
He's not just fixing yet, but truth before he's done
Taking a shower with his son
A ride
Avers his eyes, it's worth the white house is paid for
For endless Christians who know what's best
For you and me
Pagabond has been
He was in someday
Motherland, duty, and thee
But here
Please say come to this
Who's now out on cornesto
No
If the lights won't believe
Hey, why?
Hey, bro, lost out, sin and gone.
145 at 560 WDQM, we got Mr. Mad Dog at 2 o'clock. Panther game
denied after the Humper, preview at 7 o'clock, Panthers in the
Canadians at 730, and the Eddie Kaplan show in Vegas right after
Panthers hockey. 1496. Where the hell was Columbus in 1496?
Probably in Vegas.
Well, by that time he had all of Queen Isabella's money.
There's nothing like getting some Queen's money, you know?
With its self-processor engine, Blu-ray DVD drive and beefy hard drive,
the PlayStation 3 is unquestionably a powerhouse of video game system,
and forget about Elmo, this is the item consumers will be sparring over
as the holidays get closer. Right, it's Chris Morris on CNNMoney.com.
What was that?
Oh, that was the sparring sound.
They were sparring.
But cut through the hype and the desire for the newest flashiest gadget,
the product is not as compelling as it might seem he says.
Uh-oh.
The PS3 for all its power feels incomplete at launch, and that could
leave some consumers who've shelled out 5600 bucks for the system,
depending on the configuration they choose, feeling put out.
In other words, put out, PO, pissed off.
Why can't he just say pissed off as opposed to put out?
Huh?
Some kind of impu-sy?
The potential for greatness is certainly there,
but there are fundamental mistakes in execution that prove annoying.
Oh, by the way, did we ever get our internet straight enough
as nobody ever bothered to tell me or tell us?
No. No. The answer is no.
We did not? Not.
So in other words, all day long, we've been people trying to listen online
to try and mess stuff. Yes.
It sounds like this again? And it works.
What's it doing?
Well, I can't hear it.
Well, how do you know that?
There's feedback, and it's breaking up, and it just sounds...
It's inaudible. That's what they're saying on the facts,
and on the email, and still?
Pony Express. Still.
I think Clarence stuck his finger in it.
He stuck something in there.
What do I have 15-hour votes? How do you like that?
It's body-race, Clarence. It's the spread of the fact that
somebody messed up our internet stream that was so beautiful yesterday
in pristine and clean for the old queen.
And what do we got today? Crap.
Typical QYM, baby.
Typical QYM, a technical disaster, an accident waiting to happen.
Anyway, getting back to this thing, the potential for greatness is certainly there,
but there are fundamental mistakes in execution that prove annoying.
Take the initial user experience, for example, when you bought a PlayStation 2,
it was a pretty simple process.
You paid the store, took the PS2 home, plugged it in, and started playing.
Things aren't so simple this time.
Once you plugged in and configured your PS3, you have to update the system of software.
Some but not all launch games will include that system update,
which means the process will take five minutes or so.
If not, you'll download and install the upgrade from the internet as I did.
This method takes more than 10 minutes.
It's frustrating, especially having spent this much money.
The money does buy something. The PS3 is the first system to fulfill the promise of being a true digital centerpiece in the living room.
There's a little you can't do with it. Watch high-definition movies, listen to music, surf the internet, chat with friends, and actually play games.
Surf the internet, Larry.
Press buttons. Press buttons. Press Uranus.
Throw system updates allow Sony to add functionality down the road.
The PSP portable gaming system, Sony introduced last year, has benefited greatly from system upgrades,
and there's every reason to believe the PS3 will as well, but there's still a pain for day one users.
The dashboard menu structure is similar to the PSP's.
Never getting between the areas that lets you launch a game, movie or music, along with the Sony Network,
the online service which lets you download trailers and buy add-ons for the games, is all pretty easy.
The only part that could cause confusion for some is the settings field, if nothing else Sony is thorough in letting you choose how you want to set up your PS3.
But there's such a thing as two thorough.
Quick, do you want your audio CD output frequency to be 48 kilohertz or 44.1? You get the point.
44.1?
Well, who downloads that? Smarty pants.
Who does that?
It's your Smarty pants over here showing off again.
No, that's the CD bit rate.
Graphically, the PS3 is a tour de force.
No, not better than Microsoft's Xbox yet, but you quickly sense the greater potential of the PS3.
It'll often leave you a question of how long your taste developers will learn to exploit with a system as to offer.
If you have a high definition set, you're certainly in for a treat, and if you want to have a TV with 1080 high-defer resolution, which I do, you'll be in heaven.
I'll ride.
I better get one right.
Should I go out and get a PS3?
Yeah, just send it to me if you want.
1080p. I'll send you something in the bag, okay?
Yeah.
And that's when the shots came at me.
1080p is the PS3's sweet spot.
It's the most detailed video available today, and PS3 games plan to make the most of it.
Launch title NBA07 is the best initial example.
What detail is fine is the pores on a player's skin, but except no, I expect no visual detail to be minor.
Details is fine as the pores on a player's skin.
You could tell Brady Quinn's religion when you're watching the Notre Dame game.
That's how clear it's going to be.
Maybe you could have a tell if it's shaved or nerd.
His chest?
Oh, yeah.
For the majority of owners, though, those who only have a regular TV said it's a slightly different story.
The PS3 still looks good, but not awe-inspiring.
Good thing that Josh has a HD set for when you buy him this for the holidays.
Ultimately, it's a matter of the software.
Resistance, fall of man, for instance, looks fine in regular resolution.
Need for speed, carbon, not so much.
Controlling games is pretty close to what PlayStation veterans are used to.
The major shift this time is shown as included in a motion center in its controller,
which has been read up the six axis.
An NBA07, for instance, twisting the controller will let you juke around and opposing player.
Let you juke around.
The problem is that the motion doesn't feel natural here as it does with Nintendo Wii.
Perhaps as developers get more use to the feature, they'll be able to incorporate a better into their games.
Initially, though, you get the impression they were caught off guard when the feature was announced
and rush to find some way to include it.
God also was the rumble effect from the controller, and omissioned that to subset many Sony loyalists.
Personally, I miss the shaking. Don't you miss the shaking?
No, I don't like the shaking.
The feeling of a slight rumble in your hands is your fart a virtual weapon added to the fun.
God, a slight rumble in your hands.
Or as for the much-toward and blew a shut up.
As for the much-toward and blew-ray display, it's a nice addition.
But it's almost a material if you don't have a top-of-the-line TV set.
For standard TV owners, it's just a player for more expensive movies and likely won't appeal.
But it could be an ace of the PS3 sleeve in the years to come.
And ace in a hole, like we say in America, you're my ace in a hole.
Online gaming, a big battleground for the current generation, unfortunately, couldn't be tested yet.
Microsoft has big momentum with its widely celebrated Xbox Live system,
which could be difficult to overtake.
Even though the PS3 won't charge users for online play as Microsoft of course does,
because Bill Gates is evil.
Compound in these shortcomings has been the PS3's unimpressive launch,
including a tempered line of games, and an embarrassing snafu that caused problems
with its much-towarded backward compatibility or the ability to play old games.
But the PS3 is far from a bad machine-mind, and has the potential to be all the PS2 was and more,
and remember the console wars aren't won or lost at launch.
They're marathons that usually don't start to shake out for two or three years
after all the new systems are on the market.
The contact to account Sony out this early would be foolish, you say.
The question is, if you're somehow able to find a PlayStation 3 on a store shelf this year,
is it worth buying one? Sadly, the answer is not yet.
Not yet, Josh. I agree.
The system is too expensive for what most people get out of it,
and in the initial slide of the games, there's not enough innovation or thrill to justify the purchase.
Wait till the price is dropped to 100 or even 200 bucks,
and until there are a few more good games available before you consider making a purchase.
Wait till the price goes down, man.
Wait until you get it's affordable.
And then George will buy one for the holidays.
Right, I'll buy him two.
There you go. One for each room.
I'll buy him a whole bunch of them because he moves around so much, you know.
That's right. I'll buy the PlayStation 2.
And the reason to be hanging in, which is a roommate.
Buy him one for the bedroom, too, okay?
1540 votes on the pool, man.
So the streaming, I'm depressed about that, because other...
Eric said it's okay now lately.
We said Eric.
Yeah.
And we said that. He says that it has cleared up recently, but it's been bad a lot on and off today.
Well, we apologize for that.
Not that we have any control over it or have anything to do with it,
and we're at the mercy of a bunch of lung kids, you know.
Oh, there's OJ speaking to lung kids.
Waiter, Ron Gold.
Oh, do we need to see him again? And Fred Goldman, man.
You know, I feel for him and the Browns and all of that, but not all ready, right?
Are we, are we, are we, are we, are we, are we, are about that?
Yeah.
Because the more they keep schlepping them around, the more people are going to watch this stupid-ass thing.
There's Fred Goldman again with Larry.
I, I, I, I, I,
Look it up on the internet, Larry.
Punch her a couple of buttons.
And that must have.
She started running me a little bit of John Bolton, the kind of revoltin.
But anyway,
okay, I'm going to spend with plenty of bit.
I was going to play there because I had it back time perfectly.
It was going to be like, if it was like one of those five-second rejoins,
you could have put the little hand in the big hand together right there at two o'clock.
But you can't do it now because I don't know where.
See, I think Josh is getting paid under the table to sabotage the audition.
No, no, no.
We only have two of those short ones.
Yeah. He's getting something under the table.
I run them all day and he made the squeeze under the table.
The public clearance is squeezing under the table.
It wouldn't be the first time.
Anyway, here's the poll result and then we'll get that out of here.
Okay, I wasn't going to run over again.
I don't want to start getting in the habit like they used to do on that freaking worst team.
Oh, well, we got a very important guest on the phone today.
And he, well, we had to run over right because the future of the human race was
hanging on the edge of their sports interview crap.
15007 votes on the poll.
Only two that really count.
Throughout American history,
which group has been treated worse?
In the in 643 Blacks, Black folks dark 519.
Bye, bye, bye.
