I
We go go go go
Good morning, Mo
I had a fire call over the weekend. I didn't hurt myself that he was especially cranky on Friday
He listens by the way to this crossover religiously. Oh, yeah, yeah, he sends the dies
Me as well up to me as cause you were afraid you're afraid of me
See can't he can't cover and the fact you know something I've been on the receiving end of
Some of your barbs for years right and yeah, so
Exactly no, he can't relate to the fact that there are people could have to work together actually could like each other
Oh, we have a history. Yeah. Oh, yeah
What's history so did Greg read having history too? He is history. Yeah. Thank God boys at different here
Yeah, I know that's already you know what's going on right or what was going on this morning
What do you mean they had the sales people in oh boy?
Well and I didn't know we had any well
They're gonna find out whether they do or not quickly the new boss came in here at 8 30 this morning
Yeah, that hello, you know
I'm at woodbine on Saturday morning which I had an amazing day by the way made a phenomenal comeback the first time
My life I ever had three thousand on the line twice in the same day pretty good. Yes
I want to put in a couple grander rate
I ran out of there so fast even secretary couldn't beat me out the door
But anyway, so I have my blackberry and I get my emails on here that
I'm sitting in my machine and the thing vibrates in my pocket
Which is kind of fun and I look and there's an email from joebell our new GM and he gave me more information than that one email
His home number his shoe size his every contact number. Yeah, just a real nice email and I emailed him back
And I got more information from him and that one email that I got from his predecessor in eight years
We're having lunch this week. Are you really? Yeah, and I bet you won't be sushi either no
Great. You know what great. I'm pretty good at the other day actually
He said that place is probably gonna go out of business with him
Yeah, he said to me that was one of his last comments to me. Maybe we'll get together one day and go for lunch and have sushi
Well speaking of sushi
We're in it. We're in the network sort of fox and CBS fight enough ignorant men
I guess there must be millions and millions of them to watch those pre and post game shows
I mean that stuff is degenerated to a level. It just it's beyond idiocy
Yeah, all the yucking and slapping on the back and are they fake arguing and Bradshaw acting the dumber than he really is
Which is saying a lot it's just it's pathetic. Did you see
Matthew McGunney? Yeah, I'm with Bradshaw. Yeah
What was that all about I don't know I didn't think that was so bad. Why is that I like McGunney's very I don't know now
Anything that Bradshaw's on is gonna be for morons
Yeah, I'm not a Bradshaw guy. Oh my god, but anyway
So how about those bucks how they can't score any points and
Like I told you the redskins aren't really that good. No, but they won they won based on defense
Based on that one fumble recovery run back to that
And return they also had a kick return that that's right. That's a whole game
They didn't know they didn't have a game much different from the giants offensive the giants
Oh, but they you know what the giants and the redskins if you watch their offenses they were like
They were like out of the same cloth neither yet offense could do a thing. Yeah
The giants were horrible. That was one of the worst games. I think they've ever played Eli Manning man
He's just a pathetic
Raffles for the man. Huh? I like Raffles for her
Maybe Eli's come on. You know, I was ashamed. Oh, you know for
Smart and they play such a great
These bombers are the second play of the game
Which he completes that long bomb and he gets injured on the second play of the game and after that
For the next 10 or 15 minutes
I thought there was gonna be like blood on the field
I mean it would the red the officials just like that game get out of control for a while there
Yeah, because the Steelers went in doubt. They always goon it up. That's a team tradition
That's their history goon it up like the bear is same thing
Dirty team the bears. Oh, yeah for years
They're tough. You know what?
Butkiss was a was a dirty was a dirty player right there, right? It's one time. Yeah
He'd spit on guys
Really yeah, how about those patriots?
What's not leading them out of the mix may it look easy? Well, I'd always like a walkover. Yeah, that was a joke
Well, we'll see what happens this week. They go to Denver. I wouldn't be surprised if they won again
See Bella check does it again. I mean he could never admit it
But he he selected his first round opponent. He knew they'd be a
Passie a walkover and they did it I agree and now he lucked out now
He gets to play Denver not that Denver isn't good
But who'd you rather play the cold through Denver in the second game? So it gets to play Denver now a Pittsburgh and you know
Pittsburgh could upset Indian accent in which case they'd be home against Pittsburgh. There you go
And they already beat them once yep
So sorry rest my case
That would make a lot of people in South Florida very angry three. Oh, we can't say three Pete cuz pet Rally will sue us
You know what they would start saying?
Dolphin's beat them. Yeah, right three Pete
Did you know that he had the where did I see that?
In term three people he's with the Lakers and so now that anybody if you I see wanted to use it
It was now they're not gonna have to but they have to pay him a royalty
What a guy go try and collect it now. We know I can stick down at here
He's got money coming out of every poor in his body. That's true. Yeah mostly from Mickey
So I think a lot of people have money from Mickey are coming out that we don't know about
Well like some of the anti casino people
Oh, yeah
Some of the people that tried to put the kavasha on the slots. Yeah, oh yeah
Between the Bahamas you know, you know what's going on there when his father was alive
That was definitely the case. I'll never forget when his father when Ted took off the letter to the editor
Yeah, remember the letter to the editor of the herald about the how gambling is evil and it's not good for kids and blah blah blah
Mm-hmm and this guy's taking the thousands of people out every day in the high seas the gamble right
Nine billion dollars. He took off the israel to hide for as a tax-roader remember that yeah, and you know what he
He had to be there a certain number of years to be eligible to take all that money
And I think he died like a three months before the deadline. They kicked him out. They died. No, he died
Oh, no, he wasn't kicked out. Are you kidding the money he gave there? I'll be damned
Probably Ariel's her own eight of most of the pros he was there was a story 60 minutes ran a ran a feature on that
years ago and
And which they had four they called them legal tax cheats and
He was one that arson was one of them
They had they they went into four stories about guys who had
managed to avoid paying taxes by either moving out of the country or some other means and I think you were the fourth in fact
Yeah
Just a joke
But anyway, arson was was very prominent in that piece and one and one during one of my suspensions
Linda Robertson wrote a column and in the column she
She said how irresponsible I was that I once referred to
That arson is a tax cheat when he was one of the most general skies in history this time
Why I was quoting 60 minutes?
But why would the facts get in the way of what anybody take nine billion dollars?
Is real to shelter with their source not to avoid paying you as taxes that would make him a tax to you would it?
Well, it's legal, but yeah still that was what the story was
Anyway very sad. Yeah, but nevertheless
Lars and he pays unless of course you're Republican these days
That's just starting to catch up with him real good, but Mickey's been a good owner a good franchise on
Of all the guys who have owned teams in this town
You can't fault me. I'd like to have been a flying a wall in that meeting with him and mayor of
teeny-pini there. Oh, yeah
Yeah, when he got to go ahead to build that arena, but you know what he put up the advanced money now you're gonna get it back
But yeah, but the taxpayers have it's just like the
taxpayers are gonna pay it eventually right but Mickey put it up in the first place
The taxpayers are gonna pay for ever in perpetuity for that building for the white elephant
I think we need to I don't think that one's the way up by the way
I don't know that that building is a white elephant but the bad deal was made in Broward
Where the commission was supposed to remember it was gonna get money back over the years?
Mm-hmm chances of them getting a dime out of that place are slim and none I
Don't feel so bad about the pants as attendance. Oh, they actually won a game yesterday
Yeah, they shoot out but they won a game a role game at that. Yeah, against the little girls team
I don't feel so bad about their attendance after watching some of these other games
My god you watch the game when a pant is playing New Jersey if there were 1500 people there
That's a lot maybe they covered the attendance
There was nobody there there never is anybody in New Jersey the islanders
I mean, I don't understand how a lot of these franchise is keep going there. They're not throwing flies
It nobody's showing up
So if the pant is again like 10 12 13 thousand for real again. That's so far this season. It's not that bad
It's it's been increasing
somewhat not not in the not in the losing franchise places though. No, no
I'm sorry the paler
You know
Well, I had that nice hot streak here that you know people in that market they want to jump on the bandwagon
Well in addition to which you had the opponents like Montreal you had like about 5,000 frogs in there for that game
So yeah, it loses it up. I know I could hear the sound of rivet as I drove
The sound of them chucking the Pepsi's in there
Well, it was French Canadians man. We got a big election coming up here in a couple of weeks to weeks from today to be a 23rd day
By the way, I didn't do bad this weekend either. It's all good for you
I don't know time. Oh and Tom jikas is alone
He's wanted to know that he's leaving for California today
Is he really for another goody gumdrop?
That means we can look forward to reading a whole bunch of puff pieces on all the network shows are the easy there for uh-huh
Lazy guy very lazy. It's his job
It's not his job. His job is to write about TV and radio
He doesn't write about TV and radio rights puff pieces on network TV shows that that suck. There's right anything about T local TV or radio
If you want to hear that's correct. Yeah
All the TV
If I could would have he had been the guy to write an article about Greg Reed leaving and about Joe Bell coming in and about the changes
Wouldn't that have been his
Territory or nearly if he's the TV radio guy one would think sorry
Yeah, sorry writes about the ten words about it and in like in a Harold very jackass rights
It's so the only radio coverage for anybody in the market is sports radio
Because if you're not a sports station, there's nobody else writing about radio including what's a guy to Harold?
What the Kevin Vastard? He doesn't write that anymore. No
No, he's a baseball writer. Yeah, that seems to go with the Territory
It's kind of like Mike Mayo in reverse. He used to be a sports guy now. He's like a newsie guy a lot of guys did that
That lot of good newsy guys came out of sports. Oh don't tell me Tony cigarette. Oh, no, I'm talking about writers. Oh
Remember a camera. I'll martian
Yes, one day he was the sports guy and the next thing he was a news anchor
Yeah, I don't know where he is and one day a Tony cigarette oh for years
He was a silly sports guy and then next day was a silly news anchor and just
Seems to go over the territory. There's a whole list of guys starting with James Reston who were sports writers and then became
news columnists and
Sandy Grady with the Philadelphia Daily News and other ones
I could just see on his tombstone and might say here's James dot dot dot reston
Rest in peace. Oh, just reston. No
That would be cute. You said tombstone. That's what brought me to rest in peace
Right now you were thinking about pizza probably oh don't start with the pizza
Good that's good idea. He's really hostile to everybody lately from what I'm being told
psychotic
Well, you know you and I have a long history of hating each other like poison and probably we hit mad dog too and everybody else
Oh, we got no, huh not really no
Just being sarcastic. I know
Just my just my nature. I can't help myself just being sarcastic
Well, listen have a great day today. Yeah, you two go on Patriots whether it's warming up a little bit here today
Is it really bad? We've had like an Indian fall or something. It's not bad at all here. Yeah, no snow
Wait about it. No one's ever I had to say one quick thing
I dropped somebody off at the
Hard Rock Saturday night. I was friend of mine's in from out of town
I had dinner with him and I took him over there dropped them off the game on you that place
like God
Just packed pack right you can't get into place. You can't leave somebody off at the hotel
I mean I just you wonder why there were so vehemently putting all those ads on there behind the scenes trying to keep the slots out of the
per mutuals well
That the Gulf Stream thing is moving right along. I'm just wondering how long after the per mutual start with their own
Slots how long before the Indians
Helms for the whole thing sure well, I mean well once in at least in Broward anyway the hard rock
They'll be able to put in real slots because this I'm not talking about just slots. They're gonna go for the whole casino
I know class three gambling. Yep
Anyway, sorry, I went a minute and a half over
Well, how do you know what's over? I was kind of after when you said have a nice day and then
Take all the time you want okay take all the time because we're here to entertain
We just here to entertain him and aggravate he's getting aggravated right now because we're not screaming each other you
Bastard you tub you or whatever you know what I heard from some contrived hate
There you go have a great day. Yeah, you too and say how to gene testing okay
Hi, this is Red your animal or eight land post mortgages the only mortgage company in Skull 4 at the same location since 1982
Why would you deal with someone else one branch and ready to help serve you if you want a free cruise
Don't call them if you want it to rain on a sunny day. Don't call them if you don't want to pay closing costs
Don't call them if you want graces
We treated with straight dog call them at a Atlantic Coast mortgage in day call real fine
944 0733 or Broward of Palm Beach at 954 987 8077 per a Atlantic Coast mortgage
Hank Goldberg
Good morning 7 to 10. I'll reach you this email
Blue Puma from West Palm. Here you are right. You can stick your stink in Canes and dolphins and oil your
Moronic football colors baseball will never die it's
sick
You win
D-A-Y
As you seek a guess
Waaaaah
Waaaaah
Yeah more of an idiot
It's Tuesday
That's not ours
There is it Wednesday
I don't know it's the catch some hypers again
Today we're not going to talk about anything that happened up in the show to proceed to me
So don't be calling me hair and calling me mo
They may make mo understand to do it
It's mo how in the day with it
Now on with the droning Moronics of sports
Do we have that actuality killed up
I got everybody in the organization gave a hundred percent after spending the evening with transvestite hookers and said give me the ball
Give me the ball give me the ball give me the ball give me the ball give me the ball give me the ball give me the ball give me the ball
Okay, he's driving us down the phone we got started
Peek their king
Peek the king
You know, Peter King
He's famous
Sports royalty I tell you
What do you say to your peep?
Who is this?
Who are you?
Tonight I'm Larry King
30,000 dead women and children
We're approaching 3,000 dead troops in Iraq
But when can a boy to drive?
And the president is having someone read your email for him
So training me tonight will be the remains of hominy king gold
It wasn't Peter King
I know I'm sorry
Got him now
All right, there's your piece
Here you go
Who's this?
Stephen King
Oh, Stephen King
Well, you don't scare me
I don't, huh?
No
Oh, I'm going to the boys
Help
Let me open the shindelands
Why did you put a shangolier in the studio in the first place?
I wanted the place to look more like Lenin's equipment
I got the outfit here
Looks like I don't have to
I'm going
Here we go
1014 at 560 WDQ
I'm happy Monday to you
Look for the QM van right now for shell station at Northwest 25th Street, 87th Avenue, D'Areal
Stop by to pick up movie passes to watch the premiere of Glory Road
It's often mall tomorrow
The van will be there till the passes run out till you pass out
Northwest 25th, 87th Avenue
Glory Road
What's happening?
I knew it was coming
What is that about?
Glory Road
That is the new basketball movie
It's about the Koshu field of the first five black starters in the NCAA
And now look what happened
It's a glory story
I see
1015 at WQAM
By the way Todd Dreck was in there this morning and I was you heard that exchange
That's my new attitude for the new year
Whatever
Whatever
Whatever
That's correct
Hey if you folks are in a dead end job maybe you're underpaid if your New Year's resolution is a high paying career please act now
Pick up the phone and call fast train
Tool 3 at 1-866 fast train
Fast train will get you train already for your new high-paying career in just a few short months
That's correct
Get yourself a new high-paying career and a life in just a few short months
The demand for a medical coding specialist and computer professionals right now is at an all-time high
And fast train offers you convenient day evening and weekend classes
Job placement assistance and financial aid for people to qualify
So pick up that instrument and the phone too
Call fast train tool 3-1-866 fast train
Fast train placed over 100 people just like you in 2005
Check fast train on the web at fast train.com
But you must act now in order to get your new high-paying career because classes are filling up pretty fast
Don't miss that train of opportunity this year if you're trying to work in for peanuts
Get yourself a big fat paycheck by calling 1-866 fast train
So this year make that New Year's resolution reality by one making it one easy call
To fast train
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.62.8
Oh god, Neil
She has got militant. She has put out a veil and slapped on some explosives
And is looking for some place to detonate it
But tell toys, it reduces to you. G-hard Barbie
G-hard Barbie comes with her old toyota pickup truck
Which she is not allowed to be diving
Several traditional breakfasts in the plans to blow up an embassy or art-tored market
You are making the choice
G-hard Barbie comes to believe with detonating device they may or may not work just like other real ones
So get G-hard Barbie today and start planning your own G-hard
G-hard Barbie
I'm sailing all Baghdad Toy Stars now just in time for the infinite holiday season
Got some great news just now on my email
Yes
Is he still alive?
Is he?
Is he?
My handyman, is he still alive?
Quadruple bypass but he still alive all this morning
Gotta take it easy for a few weeks
Lay off the beer, is he?
That's my best suggestion. Lay off the booze
Yeah, I can tell we have your lawyer, your liver for lunch
And anyway, in addition to which I gotta keep him alive
Because I already paid him to finish my fence
That's right. Can't get that money back
That's for sure
While people have a habit of doing things
Just have a fight like that, you give them money up front and then they croak on you
That would be kind of bad like a cop-
Cut the crap, is he okay?
Anyway, a man who called a Liverpool radio station to take part in a live phone and showed Dine while he was on the air
Is that something?
Well, by the way, how are the stirons on this serious?
I don't know
I just know
Do you have any idea, I mean, you put all this hype and you gotta tip your hat to him even if you can't stand his show
You gotta, you know, I mean, he was on everywhere
He was on the gambling channel
He was on nightline
Over and over again
In fact, I was on a throw on this morning, I looked down there, I thought I saw him in the bowl
He just everywhere
Then I might go away loving
And then Miguel sends me an email yesterday about, oh, that thing with Sirius and where I like to use his password
Delicent on how or this morning
I'm gonna tell you that child needs some Sirius help
He needs some assistance
I started his therapy this morning
Anyway, go back to this guy, this caller, talk show caller, croaks, what a concept
The caller, known only as Terry, was taking part in the magic 1548 show hosted by Peter Price on Thursday
This is in Liverpool, England
The DGA concerned when the line went dead, abandoned the show and rushed to the man's house in the old swan area to find he'd suffered a heart attack
The 60-year-old man was a regular caller to Peter Price's show
I'm just glad he died doing something he enjoyed doing
We all heard his last words, Mr. Price
He died in the middle of a call like a, you know, like a garler
Like that, and then it only
Yeah, it was awful when I got through the ambulance was already outside his house
Apparently he was found in his chair with a phone by his side, I was flabbergasted Mr. Price be saying
Terry was a regular caller of the show, I knew something was wrong when the line went silent, I just had a gut instinct
Mr. Price appealed was listening to his for help and one of the caller's neighbors broke into the home to find him dead in the chair
The ambulance service arrived in short time
How do you like that?
His last words were...
I'm dying over here
Probably with a British man
Speaking of that, well I'll tell you, everybody out there better watch your health
Yeah, better watch it because everybody seems to be croaking these days
Oh, they just decided to put Ariel back into a coma, I'm not making that up, did you see that?
No, I missed it
No, they brought him out of the coma and he asked for like 16 bagels with locks and cream cheese
No, I'm not, the serious part is they just decided to put him back into a coma
Where he'll be safe
Where the rest of the world will be safe
Anyway, speaking of dangerous people who are fat
Vice President Cheney hospitalized with shortness of breath
Oh boy, let's all pray
Vice President Dick Cheney was taken to George Washington Hospital early this morning experience shortness of breath
Cheney spokeswoman Leah Ann McBride said Cheney was rushed to the hospital three o'clock this morning
Doctors found his EKG unchanged and determined he was retaining fluid because of medication
He was taking for that foot problem that he's walking with a cane and he's stumping around
He's out there and a political stump
Cheney was a long history of heart problems and as a pacemaker
Oh, it was placed on a diuretic at the hospital
The squeeze in the water right here like a sponge
McBride said the vice president was expected to be released from the hospital a later today
A foot ailment force Cheney'd used a cane on Friday
He said the foot condition was not related to surgery last September to repair any rhythms behind both knees
Or his lengthy history of heart problems
He said four heart attacks quadrupled bypass
A quadrupled bypass dizzy
Two artery clearing angioplasty and a partridge in a paratrooper
And also an operation to implant a special pacemaker with his chest in place of a heart which he don't have one
A side effect of some anti-inflammatory medication is fluid retention which can cause swelling and shortness of breath
Maybe he was reading some of his wife's cheney lesbian novels, you think?
Yeah, that's good for me. Got them all worked up
Maybe that was it
It's probably had a couple of lines ringing there for just a second I thought maybe we were going to have like a couple of callers dying near for us
That would have been good
Got our new general manager as a taste joe bell
Everybody at WQAM, well everybody that thinks they're still going to be around is very optimistic and very excited about that
Got that nice email from Joe at Woodland on Saturday morning
I think that's what turned my luck around, you believe that? No
But sounds good, had a good day
Yeah, I didn't hear what I was seeing, even listening to the crossover with Hank
What?
I had three thousand twice in the same day
Oh, when you start crunching numbers like that, no you're right
I had two different machines, Mom, my head cut a drift
Two different machines
In fact, the second one was real a fortune, real a fortune, then you kind of hold your breath waiting for the third one to come up
And the big jackpot, Mom, but it was just a red seven for three grand, I'll take it, thank you, bye-bye
Yeah, I do like that
I'll take it
Walked out there with a little bit of their cash
1546 votes on the poll from over the weekend, which I don't know, I mean I see we could add a lot more of this pool
I should have started early on Friday, there could have been a zillion things on here, but there aren't
What is the most boring regular public event?
State of the Union in dress 416, does that come up pretty soon? Yes
PBS pledge drive 358, put a put a lid on that already, although I don't watch PBS anyway, do you?
Try to take front lines, some kind of line, you know, once I got this stuff on CBC, what oh I need front lines for it early
Those watered down documentaries, they don't show your cramps, Sesame Street, watch Sesame Street
Give me that passionate eye on CBC any day, a Miss America page at 170, the Rose Bowl parade 158
Proble 141, I'm surprised I got them any votes, I can't believe that many people would watch it
New Year's Eve ball drop, 130, 6
Oh don't you love when the ball drop on New Year's Eve?
Already time
Yeah, the Clark loved it
Oscar's 107, Emmy's 35 and Grammys 25
So they love the Grammys and you want to know why?
Why?
Because there's some musicians on there that like, not necessarily a new true, some people on there that like it
Yeah, but as far as the Oscars, it's just a self-panting yourself on the back, overest up in those tuxedos
And point all the zoots suits, you know, just a crap, and enough already
Aren't we great and wasn't this great and the audio audio, you know, kind of like Howard
By the way, Howard Stern's on serious this morning, I'm serious
He probably still ran for the whole Roger
Papa Papa Pablius is 5.62 am
Or Oliver?
He had his kids, he had to win
They put one back into his heart his old
But Dr. Chalde is a hardest fan
But now we really know his heart is old
No matter what we're told
Yeah, if Chalde's got a heart that's old
Hope it's on its slow
He makes decisions, he has the visions
He has the country under his control
While push is god game, it's danger-pogging
And that's what happens when your heart is old
And it's old home
Yeah, Dick Chalde is got a heart that's old
And it's on its slow
He'll keep on working till his heart is cold
He'll keep pretending that his heart ain't old
But it's really old
I'm tired of it, yes
Okay, now if the vice president should croak
I wonder what Pat Robertson's gonna say about that
What's god gonna be smiting him for?
Where do we start?
Well, I mean no, but Pat Robertson be one of those right wing acolytes
Or maybe the devil, the Satan did it
Speaking of dead people, by the way, two suicide car bombs exploded outside of racks
Heavily guarded and tear ministry and bad debts
Are they killing at least 20, will be more than 25 and
The Americans were killed when a UH 60 black hawk helicopter crashed in a wreck early yesterday
I mean the people there now are like
Erachis and Americans are like dying in chunks
You know, it doesn't over here, 20 over there, 50 over here, etc.
Not to mention the ones of course we're losing like limbs and eyes and all of these things
Like so many weeds or bugs
Yeah
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 in the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines
I can see it's gonna be a real active Monday today
Look at that phone man
Can't you feel it? Can you almost smell it?
I think it's caused Todd Wreckweizen at studio
People are running
Maybe we can get some spy reports on Stern's first day on series
Do you think any of ourself order people have it besides McGill?
It's entirely possible
Although he didn't listen ironically
Isn't that interesting?
He's trying to get me to listen, which I had no interest in hearing it
He doesn't want to hear Howard
He just wants you to so that you could say something about it
Oh I see
Well maybe you've similar audiences here
Or maybe Howard's brothers out there once they get this spy report
You see with all the publicity going along with it
The fact that he's only got three million subscribers
If every single one of those who subscribe to Stern's series
Which I have a feeling not all of them are Stern people
But if every single one of them were listening to him
His audience is a fraction of what it used to be
When you're on regular so-called old-fashioned terrestrial radio in New York
In LA and Chicago and Detroit and all the major markets
And all of a sudden it's dependent on people paying
Subscribing 13 or 14 bucks a month
You're down like a fraction of what you used to have
But then again he's pouring all that money into his pocket
And so it was Don Buckwald and they're having a good time with it
W.Q.A.M. Hello
Q.I.M.
Meal
Yes
I haven't had a chance to listen like all last week
But I'm sure that you've already touched on it
About that ass bush, governor Bush going to force that bill through
To get public money to the private school
Yeah
Did you guys already touched on that?
Yeah we touched on it yeah
Old news
I love your show man
Thanks for the old news
56670560 watch out you man
Oh man oh man
I'm going to kiss the ground and kiss the counter
Right now I'm kissing it
Look out old mighty
Just being out of that place it's just it's scary
It's really a scary thing
Already everyday
Holy cow
That town needs a gigantic blueberry animal
Magnum is sick about it
And even that wouldn't help
Remember that fast domino song I found my trio
Yeah I heard that
With that long blueberry
Q.O.
Somebody Q.I.M. Hello
Yeah hold on you know let me turn you off and
Yeah
Yes
How you doing
That was quite a project yeah
Perfect
That's not like tires on it
Yeah
First off I wanted to say the bird eyes apacot scrub fantastic
Okay
I love it but I still use my hand
I don't use a wash car
Whatever you like
Whatever does it for you
Second off what a shame about did change him
I'm crying as we as we speak
Uh huh
Second off I'm going to go
He's back out now
Don't worry about him
He's back out when you're
Even on
Even on hateful as him
They don't keep you there too long
Well you know
I start to wonder maybe they just wanted to give him some sympathy
Yeah
Get people feeling sympathetic
You were feeling right along
Yeah moving right along I wanted to
What's the guy in Israel who's chicken
Moishi Pupin
Tiny manoeuvres
A.B. Iskavible
W.D. Q.I.M. Hello
Hey Neil how are you
Pretty good
What's the guy in Israel who's sick
Oh and I'm wondering about those NFL
Pregame shows
Q.I.M. Hello
Neil
Yes sir
I was flipping through the
Channel the other day and I stumbled on this
Kenner Center honors Robert Redford and it was the funniest thing
Because they were showing clips from all the President's men
And and uh
List for uh Brogog
You know as the MC is saying how
If it wasn't for this movie and this from that maybe the President
Would we would never have known about watergate
And the whole time the camera cuts the bush and his wife
And they look so uncomfortable they're looking around
He's looking at the floor and it's just the most guilty look
It was like he couldn't wait for that segment to get off of his whole area
Yeah but at least he's got Bob Woodward there to be the
Minister of the White House to the Angerford
A real shill Bob Woodward man
How he turned you know a little bit of fame that's what it does to people
Also makes them very pedantic so they talk about people like
Senator Kennedy in a very strange and pedantic way
And you want to do real people really speak like that Bob?
I don't think so
Do I?
I wonder if he if he has his ball movements as our as pedantic as a speech
Somebody QAM hello
You have Lisa? Hello?
Yes sir
But Neil how are you there?
Okay good
Man you picked up an hurry
Neil I last hear the the uh howl Burton stock and doubled in price
You know how much dip chain you made last year even though his stock is supposed to be in
$23,000
No no he made $88 million last year
And you're not supposed to profit off of young Americans doubt, sorry
Yeah well he's doing it
Unbelievable isn't it?
That's why I had to get out of the hospital to work this morning
He said a lot of no big contracts to work before noon
Absolutely, Neil one of the things they passed that bush passed
And why he's he's been trying to stack the Supreme Court
If you know that he is the if he passed the law are he got a law passed the very first six months that he was in office
That you know most of the president's records become public record after 20 years
Everybody in your secret baby already know that that's that's why he's stacking a court but nevertheless
I mean everything this is that you know is this what it's going to be all day today
Because I'm going to go back to bed
I'll thank you for the show more but in so one dimensional man
It's all they want you know
Hey tell me what's it like
Yeah, no like that I didn't vote for him either time did any of you I'm sure a lot of you did
And now what do we gonna do?
Go out and demonstrate in the streets okay go do something useful
Go and nail up somebody's roof or something
Well I'll tell you I don't have to tell you
In South Florida right now trying to find anybody to repair a roof, a pool, a fancy and anything
It's almost impossible
In fact most people they've returned your phone calls because they got so much work now
People who ordinarily would be like you know kissing your feet kissing both cheeks
Now they don't even have time for it because it's that's what happened
We better than well not have no serious hurray canes this year I'll tell you that
Because it's going to take people a long long time to put the pieces of the puzzle back together again
And nobody talks too much about that it's all we hear about is New Orleans and Katrina
Well guess what?
People listen to me right now they don't live in New Orleans and they don't give a flying crowd
All of some of them did have some Katrina damage but it was Wilma baby
Wilma right that was the band the sick pill was Wilma
And people are trying to put their lives together again and these people are
What are we gonna do about it okay we're gonna win peach him I don't see anybody with a serious impeachment
Proceedings going on right now
And that's because you got a Spameless Democratic party there's still well we're gonna go after that lead ol man
Yeah okay good luck to you
Spameless jellyfish
Waffled on the war just like Schumer on their Chuck Schumer is on the estate here's another one waffled on the war
They're in fact the Democrats ought to open up 8,000 branches of the Waffle House raise some serious campaign money
Because that's what they do best is waffle just like their candidate last time
That's what the great wafflers of all time
5 6 7 0 5 50 boy and seriously if we have to hear about Bush and Cheney all day today and then fat ass bush
We already know those things if it's called restating the obvious man
I might not even read these damn articles here. I got some damn good articles Pakistan Saudi Arabia 9 11 how much did the Bush administration know all of it
The death of freedom the rights of ordinary people to speak out against an unjust war and atrocities unleashed in their name or being crushed
Fascism is at the door who else will fight it how do you like that gambling votes that sale from I mean I might just smit can't all of these damn stories
And favor some of these fake calls and favor of a whole bunch of these calls
Oh my god and who just sent this to me it's all the same stuff it's all the same stuff call up Randy okay
Turn on scared America you people are driving me nuts
They want they want us to go back to the same old I'm not doing it man after all these years again away from that crap
It's the right against the left is more appropriate against Connie Chink it's but it would be a bit about no wonder we had cause these on here
Two people's fault not for mentioning that crap on the NFL if I have to see James Brown and his band a renowned and stick in Terry Bradshaw
Dumber than sawdust and then other much a silly how he long oh
God just you know and why did I watch you think that's a good question because I never watched that stuff
I watched it because the game might handle I do with the time the game was starting and there was nothing else on at the time yeah
I mean give me a break how could there be millions of men's all men of course watching that crap stupid enough to watch that garbage
Because it appeals to it appeals to intellect so I like to get a call the first car watch that guy that's sick in Israel
Moishi perfect that's a guy's name okay
Macy Pippic
Honey Shmendrick yeah yeah right see even go him like George Noah all the two names
Jaime Shmendrick I like him a lot Sam Shmagegi he's another one of my favorite that's what does it yeah
Oh yours too huh look for the QM van right now at the shell station in Northwest 25th Street 87th Avenue in D'Areal
Stop by and pick up movie passes to watch the premiere of glory holes a glory road to Martha Dolphin Mall
And the van will be there until the passes run out
This is the legal right this is 5.62.8
It's how it how it's family
Why 10.47 he's still running around over there in the words you now somewhere in one of them Arab countries where all I'm right his yeah
Melissa and little Arab kids were like to go there because most of the populations under 10
Here's the facts from Kim that's really depressing boy this really catches me off guard right after I made peace with your close friend Todd direct
There you know it's how I diplomatically I did that that was fine yeah I want Todd I can only tell people they just keep they still keep trying
Now that's yeah I thought I would get rid of him and he that's like any of these people similar buddy Troy there you say yes okay whatever you want just go away and it won't stop
Use sales holes if you spend as much time selling as you do belly aching let's us out of South Florida and our sales department
And the Dolphans how their dolphin playoff games are coming I missed those over the weekend drive you see any scores oh yeah good stuff
I think they missed the two well too bad they won six in a row there just like a hand give me that song and then set the red skins one five in road
That's why they were going to win which they did win but boy
Any team that's got Mark Brunel a quarterback I would raise four eyebrows on that say oh I wouldn't get the two excited about their offense
Anyway Kim writes she says I have serious so I can listen to Howard he covers the time before you come on I love with two underlines
I love the serious radio she loves it she loves it she loves it
It's worth every penny you should be on it please it says please well I should plead like I got a choice no right
Kim also reiterating another idiotic points that she made once before you know Kim I'm sure you're really a sweetheart but your eyesight is really bad
Give her my ophthalmologist phone number and Tamerick I got a really good eye guy Dr. Moishi Pupik that's the one no Dr. Vend over
Man Dr. Buster Hyman Roth
PS Gus is hot he's talking about I'm guiding light and he better not be dead oh you can be sure he's not dead and they already said the body wasn't him but
Gus is about as hot as 14,000 ice cubes all jump deep deep deep into your comia break him oh man
This this is what this is why are you really ugly guys out there that's good news for you you got a shot
Because there are millions of women with really bad taste here's the facts from Steve O Steve says on here look at this the
Facts are pouring in Donna in for Lauderdale but first Steve says whoever told you that you've listened to Howard online by using his
Past Word was wrong you can't listen to Howard on serious via the internet it shows only available on the radio
Well excuse Miguel forgive me more bad information out that I want to hear it anyway also one for the pool the Jerry Lewis telephone
That's good and I don't talk about stretching see I did this wrong we should have started this pool on Friday
Oh whatever yeah there's no wrong way Jerry Lewis telephone have a great day you see with a little smiley face which he's probably looking
Right now have a great day Steve O somebody with a smile on their face as opposed to all these you know a hell of a way to start on a Monday morning
Well brush to this and change that and it's old news but did you hear that your fat ass governor is trying to circumvent the Supreme Court? Yeah we know anyway
Here's some more depressing news Donna in for Lauderdale this adds on to the spy report that I heard over the weekend on Friday
Mo was on his worst rant I ever heard directed you but mostly toward Hank who is your pet bitch according to Mo you two just kissed up to each other and
Friday's cross over I'm listening really got his go to Muscrat that little drop and you keep playing which one listen I'm only that one
No that's not the one the right next to that after he got done putting you two down he went on to poo poo the trip to station sponsoring for the Bahamas to play golf with Hank
I didn't even know we were sponsoring a trip to the Bahamas to play golf with the Humper did you I didn't know Josh do you know about that? I did not
No first he said Hank needs to take a lot of balls because he'll keep hitting them into the water then he might play a fun of Hank's wardrobe and physique
And send how silly he'll look out there and Nickers checkered pants it is so obvious the level of jealousy is in all time
I'm sure doesn't help the station choose to throw a fun golfing trip with Hank rather than offer one with Mo since he considers himself the golfing authority
A trip with Mo talk about stale says Donna in for long enough your stale Mo your stale so is that people by the way it's really stale
Oh for me but he was there always kind of a crusty guy anyway wasn't he?
Must be in crusty these calls continue to be so depressing oh no seriously I'm sure that one of our callers is going to croak right in the middle of a call on the year
I can't wait I got any ideas for who? Oh I got several in my list yeah
Well there's one who's the top of my list who usually says your game that's the one would not be wonderful WQ AM hello
B
Now what was that a mating call I think no what was that he said gay huh I think he said gay no he's like about two of the letters though
We couldn't get all three letters out maybe don't know the whole else he beg yet five six seven oh five sixty
Come on let's hear a lot of belly I can what about whatever you like today is belly I can Monday I can just feel it already
I'd be much more concerned about putting my house back together again in my pool and my fence and my roof and my life and my flooring and all of that stuff
with most people in South Florida right now have a bitch of a time speaking of bitch WQ AM hello
Hi I'm your life
That's too bad that's bad news WQ AM hello if it was from him or Dick Cheney both would have been bad news QAM
QAM
Go away
WQ AM hello
Your name
WQ AM hello
Hey Neil
Hey Neil as much as I hate Ariel Sharon that's not wrong and man he must be a real asshole
There's a real good bulletin for you there right yeah
Now there's one of the people watching the NFL that I guarantee you on that
Oh yeah he probably would like to be Terry Bradshaw's bitch or has that could be WQ AM hello
Yeah I'd like to complain as a dolphins weren't on this weekend
Yeah and they won't be on next weekend
How are you doing Neil how are you doing buddy I'm not doing it paly
Oh god he's still making me sick I just want to drive off the road
Go ahead tell him tell him to give you our permission
WQ AM hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
Hey what's going on then
Not too much
Neil did you happen to catch Michael Mayo paper articles
Yes they tell you
No I did not
I'm thinking about taking a look at it
I know I always quit
I know it's about
About our fabulous voting machines
You know I always bring that to that myself
But you know basically
Just real quickly
You know you have me fishing in my house and half the time I gotta give you the
voucher for that
And I think I've lost my trade as well but be well
Okay I'm Bobby Gizant as the Chinese say I'm Biggazant
I don't have no idea what that means
Means be well
Well listen since you're talking about you know
Heim and Roth and all these other you lost
What's that guy in Israel
I think his name is Sharon
Yeah I'll say that
That's the guy named Sharon
Especially when he was 600 pounds
1621 votes on the pool
I think I'm gonna have to start there the new pool
I get about 11
Maybe 11 and about
Because this one is from over the weekend
It's kind of stale if I dare use that word
It's stale
And by the way happy Monday Mo
What do we got today? We got Mo with 2 mad dog at 4-3
So that hour's the day because we got no Panther game tonight
They won a game in the shootout
Yesterday they beat Washington 4-3
And they were all out to beat a girls team
I was just one thing that looked so promising at home
And they go into a coma on the road
They had a bad road trip
Curtis Stevens in 7 o'clock tonight
Eddie K. attend a nice pristine lineup for the new year
And our new general manager Joe Bell
Who everybody says is swell
And the old guy can rod in hell
See I'm not gonna be one of those people
I mean when he called me last whatever was Wednesday or Thursday
I mean I was the very gentile and gentile and phone
We had a nice conversation
The old GM but I'm not gonna go into this
So well you know we really missed the event
I know not at all
You know wait when your whole notice operandi
Is to lie to people and keep everybody in the dark
And everything is like mystery and secrecy
He was kind of like the George Bush of radio
Don't you see a lot of similarities
Everything was shrouded in secrecy
And we're always looking for the mole
And who let this info out
Who let the dogs out
You know whatever
And we're all running around the dark like mushrooms
In fact the magic mushrooms went over big during the agreg
Read years of QA
And that's what I'm hearing
Bye bye Greg, see ya, hope not
Somebody QA am hello
Hey, hey, hey, hey, everybody happy Monday
I'm out
A mo is a message if you're listening
You're a loser and if I see him, I'm gonna take you in the locker room
And pump, pump, pump, pump, pump
There's the crow, I can't believe it
I haven't heard from the crow in Aakoonze
I can't believe it
Wow that is just shocking
What is he said
Going in the locker room and pump, pump, pump, pump
Alright, pump this
Dominic QA am hello
Hello
Yes
Hi Neil, Neil, I just got me a brine, you dude
Boy, can you play the roster you for me please
No problem
Happy sip is
Okay, there you go
These people are not very conversant today
They haven't trouble here
They're not here, they're not special today
Are they really?
Yeah, I can't see it on a year
10.56 or QA
I don't know how long I'm supposed to keep promoting this thing with
Glory, whole, glory road, whatever this thing is
I feel the tickets from the professors right now, right?
Well, I know, but how are we gonna know that?
Because they're communicating with us
They'll fire a flare gun up in the air
Unlike the old days when we used to be, you know, get phone calls on a bat line
They would tell us, okay, well we're gonna leave it now to give all the crap away
I'm like that, they just, we were in the dark
It's like everything else
But your bell's gonna turn it around, you'll watch, here's a good guy finally
Finally
Right?
And for all these years of being treated like garbage like some human swill
After all these years of the sales department being allowed to
Replay fast and loose with our emotions and the lotion and all that other crap
And I've got, in fact, I'm hearing rumors about that sales crew
This is Neil Roger
This is 5.69 am
This is the Neil Roger show
This is the brain
Who's this?
Any questions?
So join Iced each week to defy us up this whole post
It's this old hip-dap
It's on the inner-thin god channel, P.F. Wooden
It's 11.01 at 5.60 as ignorant as they want to be
That's the book I'm gonna write
About who?
Not a whole bunch of American people's
1642, what's that guy's name in Israel?
That's you guy
Who is the most boring regular public event?
State of the Union dress, 444
Uh-oh
PBSPlegs Drive 381
Miss America Page 184
Rose Bowl Parade 168
The Per Bowl 148
New Year's Eve Ball Drop 141
The Oscars 14
Emmy's 36 and the Grammy's only 26
So I'm gonna say 20-sways
How do you like that?
Right
Well, there's somebody with a good choice on there
Nah, I could have put like a White House press conferences
Right?
Seespan
Right
All of these
All of these things
5.67, most of the calls on top show is 5.670560
Tom 560, the Verizon Singular Wireless Lines
Give it off your chest today, man
Get out of your system because obviously South Florida's got a lot of momentum to spew
Like that and they do
What a day for Monday, no less
WCOM, hello
Neil
Yes sir
Yes sir
If I run it, you play that bid by Dave Capreda
Because that's about the time to start a listening
And then I listen all the way up until 1995
Right
And I'm moving, I came back in 2004
And then I get to listen for a while because I get things reorganized
And then he left then on a yoga, now listening then
Wow, God
Ah, just when you think you get when you get one reach, one retard
And then all of a sudden it comes back in
There's a second call since returning with his yoga
Get some no material, okay, when you go away for 10 years next time
What a day
Oh my God
Now there's a guy that we would hope would croak on a year
You open my ass
How do you do that?
56670560
Palm 560 and even Ryzen and Singular wireless lines
Man, oh man, what a vast wasteland, just pathetic
WQAM, hello
Not there
QAM, hello
QAM
WQAM, hello
I'll be your bid
And our last one, WQAM, hello
Okay, that's it
Okay, good material, we're not building this pool
So as a result, we have no material, nothing to say except
Well, Bush is bad and Chinese and only croak
And your fat ass governor, you know
God, like I said, Call up Scare America
And there was an interesting possibility here, okay, we've been on for a little more than an hour
And remember what I asked about spy reports on Stern
And his first day on serious today after the $80,000 worth of prepoverility he generated
We haven't had one call about that
Good perth, let me if they're still listening
I beg your pardon, maybe they're still listening
Yeah, maybe he's still on there right now
It's only $11.04, maybe
Maybe he's gonna go on to like one o'clock in the morning
Maybe those people just took their terrestrial radios out and threw them into canal
That seems very likely to me
Or maybe since there's only three million subscribers to Sirius
In a country of 300 million people
Maybe they just aren't that many people out there hearing it
Except for Yale, who, and even he's not listening
He's got an aunt listening to it
For three no less than he wasn't listening
Right
WDQIM, hello
Yeah, I'd like to talk about the Sirius thing
Yes?
I listen to it today
And I think he's as big a bag as you
Yeah, and
Oh, good, good call
WDQIM, hello
Got it, there you go
WDQIM, hello
Right there
Okay, so why do I keep punching these lines up?
I just never know
It's something to happen here, huh?
Oh, something's happening, alright
WDQIM, I can smell it, QAM, hello
Hey, me, how you doing?
Alright
I've had a serious radio for about a year and I liked it
And I was just clicking around after I heard you talking about the Sirius thing
I totally forgot that he was even coming on
And just as a syndicated show on there, Alex Bennett
Yeah, I know that, that's the...
How the hell is that possible?
And then Samuel, they have a lot of losers on there
I think who is going to be the Martha Stewart's room?
I'm sure that every man in America is going to race right out to get serious
Because Martha Stewart's are
But I found it and I listened to it for five minutes and how it's turned
Shino Stilfuck, but anyway
Obviously with one quote, when you were talking about Cheney about power
Absolute power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely
I see
Absolute
5.670560, I didn't know what we'd call in
I know he's listening to these hours, but I know he'd be calling in
Nice voice, maybe he's up there
How about Joe Rivers?
WDQIM, hello
WDQIM, hello
WDQIM, hello
WDQIM, hello
WDQIM, hello
Police station, that's a weird
Goodbye, how's that? WDQIM, hello
Hello, NEO
Yes
I promise I'll do the whole call
Yeah
No, our bank is going pretty soon
Oh, God, WDQIM, hello
So caught up in a Hollywood star
Where does he have the phone when he makes those calls?
We know
I think so
It sure smells like it
Man, I might just take all calls today, you know what?
Okay
I have some really important stuff here, but I'm, I don't know, I'm like
Save it, it'll be for run to the nutrition
Huh?
No, if we didn't keep up this face until two o'clock, man
We can 80's share to the U mark my words
WDQIM, hello
Hello
Yes
As far as I'm concerned, how it's turned stuck on any station, he's on
Okay, thank you
See, that's not what we're looking for, okay?
It's just to call up and take a chief shot
And, way, if you don't like him, that's fine, that means you're probably not subscribing to the series
What I was looking for, I probably won't get with somebody who would call and tell
And, describe what the difference was between us, you always been forced to do this, you know what I'm saying?
In other words, that's what it is like
What are they doing? What are they saying?
What was the, you know, but they don't seem to be anybody out there who's been listening
He probably is the big bill of goods, what's new
What's the beef, you know, what is it?
Does he say it in, you know, duty?
Oh God forbid, maybe doing one
WDQIM, hello
I want to hear that, Hershey Candy bar fit
WDQIM, hello
Hey, how you doing?
Okay
And, that's it
Right now, am I on?
You're on, you're in
Oh, I wonder if the living with Robinson is going to say the same thing about our vice president that he said
That's why I just got to your sand five minutes ago, if he should croak
I just got to your sand, yeah, it was the Lord's will because, but I mean, but it looked at about me, I don't think so
In addition to which he's not going to croak because the evil old, the evil doers like that lived to be like 200
You'll see, his heart is old and weak, but just like my handyman Izzy
Hey Izzy, lay off the booze, okay, sweetheart, cut the crap
WDQIM, hello
Neil, how you doing?
I read on MSNBC, they said Howard did a phone check act on Sirius
I don't have it, but I've read it on MSNBC.com
Robby Dan
Yes, so just give him a spare report
Okay, thanks
Alright, bye
So there's a guy I read about MSNBC by the way, that show with Mori Pupik and Connie Chink yesterday
Like I said to Hank, if that wasn't the worst piece of garbage I ever saw in my life for about two minutes
Lucky you and tried controversy, they're sitting on the couch and he keeps reaching over and holding her hand
Oh, we're not being mad at each other, but you know, that's good last as long as the Jesse Ventura showed it on MSNBC
You talk about a network, they even the peacock is molting from the inverse confactor
Just pathetic!
Makes me to cause me seem like Walter Cronkite
That's me to cause me by the way, no arm
Right, get it right
Cronkite
Here's your boyfriend on line 9 again
Not bad bad invitation, all I do now
It's like the GONG show today, you know, very much
That's the way QAM, hello
QAM, hello
He said, don't be pee
Oh, let's hear it for Howard, that way QAM, hello
Hello
Yes
Let's hear to Neil Roger
Speaking
Hi Neil, how are you?
Good
I've only called once and like five years since I've been listening to you actually longer than that
But I wanted to tell you a couple of weeks ago I heard Randy Rhodes on TV, he made a bigger name wrong
Yeah, exactly
Yeah, and I don't know how I got it, I was looking for the heat game and somehow she's on and she started talking about you
And saying about how you're the Godfather which I know you are
But you're the Godfather of radio and how you helped her so much and she was so appreciative of you and all that
I just thought it was kind of cool, you know
That's it, no big thing, it's just I think you're great
And I know you don't like the kissing ups, I won't do that, but
Too late
Bye
Okay, thanks, bye
And he's seeing you when he get out, bye, that was good, you embarrass him into it
Okay, here's our pool for tomorrow, for today and tomorrow
What? Nothing, I'm just a...
I wonder if I actually have this one available on there because I faceted the Eric and you never know with it
Yeah, so it is, why did I say that? You never know, Eric, he's on top of it
Now when he just got rid of the other one, the other one, the other pool sucked
Oh, sorry Sean, that was on a Sean's pool
Did you like that pool boring and it was fun?
Yeah, you know what I liked about it, it was one
Oh, as opposed to what or which, you know, the ones that George put some on here, no pool at all
Which, and then...
Why does it have a bunch of names?
Right
What's your number one answer to this? Most people are, and here's my choices so far
And by the way, I hate to break the news because I also had my spy before I got before
For it's somebody, can you imagine that Mia wanted to go and put himself up there and
Topped list of, I'm sorry for what our radio legends
So I hate to break the news to people when I originally put that on there
When I said it to Eric, I was like about fifth on the list and I didn't even vote it for Skipper Chuck
Here's the original list, Skipper Chuck, Ralph Redneck, Rick Shaw, and Bishop
I put my fifth then Hank and there were around on the line
See what, what winds up being on top of the list, that's what the, the listeners make on top of the list
Okay, Dumbbell
Dumbbell, Dumbbell, Dumbbell, Dumbbell
Mr. Known Asher, Guard and Iraq God is this guy stupid, nothing worse than being stupid
Okay, here it is, most people are decent, stupid, whatever comes up alive
That does
Hypocrits, Ugly, Bigots, A-Holes, Reasonable, Jerks, Proverts, one-dimensional
And then Jerry Lewis-Teloson
I don't know, yeah
I don't think it's the honest country I already told Eric to take it off
Oh my God, most people are the Jerry Lewis-Teloson
Wow, so what's your vote for?
I didn't vote for anything yet, but I think I'm going to vote for that one
The begins with an A
Okay
Well, I was kind of influenced by the first and a bunch of calls we had so far this week
Oh, there's so many appropriate choices on here
I know, this is a tough one, put on your thinking crap
Yeah, vote for a tough choice
Stupid
Most people are hypocrites, three, stupid, three, decent, two, A-Holes, one
Oh, that's my, and Jerry Lewis-Teloson is still on there
Eric, I'm sure he's working on it fibrously right now
Any second, then
Any second, something's going to pop
From minutes after, 11 at 5, 60 WDQM, resolve yourself to a veterinary sleep in 2006
by making one easy call right now, 1-800-MACRIS
Nothing has got a bigger impact on New Delhi health, well-being, and productivity than a good night's sleep
And you can get a great night's sleep as soon as tonight, if you make that call to dial a mattress right now
1-800-MACRIS
If your mattress is more than 10 years older, it's noticeably sagging or lumpy
Time for a new one
Choose from the complete line of all the top names in a mattress business
No off-brands in nobody ever heard of before, but only the big names like Sealy
And Surtis, Simmons, King Coral, temper-peed externs in Banana's Foster
All the great mattresses that you love to stick your ass on
Now the mattress takes same day orders all day long from Kindle to Stewart from Palm Beach to Ford Myers
And like always, you get to pick the day into our delivery window when you want your mattress delivered
When you're going to be home, when it's convenient for you and they show up on time
99.7% of the time
I've been using them for years as of most of the QAimmers and I know you'll be a happy customer too
Just make one easy call, that's all it takes
So start the new year off with a great new mattress from dial a mattress
Pick up that phone right now and call them tool free at 1-800-MACRIS
Or on the wicked web log on to mattress.com
Dial a mattress 1-800-MATTR-ESL
Off the last as because it stands for STU-PENDIST SAVING
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62 AM
Triple VAT, triple T, triple HARSBITES
It's a coronary on a cross triple VAT, or pizza
Heart monitor, soul service
This is one of the weakest, most baseless indictments in American history
It's a charge that cannot hold up even under the most glancing scrutiny
What a down in a DC town
The first lady said, we're coming, it's not allowed
For the Lincoln pay by dances we've heard enough, but you still
Think it and it says we call your flu
Dorol down to lay it was bad guy down to lay
Who said the corporate donations to the candidates
It's inconvenient to take a lot for a down the way
Got in a little washing machine, now the show
For the housema drawer nearly in a van
But sure he got tons of lace but dead
Gets him at a date with when they found his place
For all time to lay it was bad guy down to lay
Who just grew fat in our government and crammed on space
So now what you gonna say down to lay
I have done nothing wrong, I have done nothing wrong
I'm ethical or I might add unprecedented
1119 won't see him by no more and no time soon
Look at that Q-56 and we got 56 votes on the new poll
How do you like that? Are you impressed or what?
Well, moderately
What's your number one answer to this?
Most people are A-holes 15
Stupid, 15
How about stupid A-holes? That's funny, that's about each of our choices
15 and peace
1-5, 4, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3
5 5 5 5 5 4, 3, 3, 4, 3, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 4, 5 6 Y fill 12 172 put away the
six plates 3 down 8. Be
flow. Reverend Rob Schneck, who identified himself as an evangelical Christian and president
of the National clergy council in Washington. Reverend Schneck, or I keep saying Schneck,
rhymes with direct, Reverend Schneck called the consecration service to kick off in a series
of prayer meetings that will continue throughout the confirmation hearing.
Capitol Hill police said they weren't aware that the three had entered the room, uh,
hearing room earlier, but added that the hearing rooms typically are locked because they're
not of interest to anybody. Lieutenant Dominic Costas said the Ducier committee room will
be swept for bombs and perhaps for electric bugging equipment before the hearing begins.
The three ministers insisted they were taking sides in the elite of debate. This is not a pro-elito
prayer and insisted where they Reverend Patrick Mahoney, a real lunatic director of the Christian
defense coalition, a real speaker, you know him? Want to Mr. Ego's buddy? Hill, well, with abortion,
public prayer, gay marriage and rights-to-law issues among those topping public debate,
God is interested in what goes on in the nomination hearing Reverend Shank said.
The two men along with Grace Nwachuku, General Marjore, a group called Faith and Action,
read three Psalms outside the committee room, not to say to Lord's Prayer, and marked a cross
on oil on the committee door before leaving. Reverend Shank said he and the Reverend Mahoney
had blessed the same room before hearings for Chief Justice John Roberts last year,
and then the hearing went very, very well. The Lord took care of him, okay? The Lord just like the
Lord took out hair all of them. You know, I saw someone had crap, which I'm trying to avoid that
because they're still whipped up into a frenzy about the cool minors. Yes, but I saw some of that
crap where they, you know, they came up with the erroneous information that they were all still alive.
Oh, praise Jesus and praise God and God answered our prayer. And then all of a sudden like three
hours later, that gosh dang it, you know, stuff. All good Christians here, but we're starting to
lose our faith. Let's say, here's a fact that says, didn't listen myself, but 13 bucks a month
is one thing, having to buy all new radios at 100 bucks plus forget it. What does that mean?
In other words, it's not just 13 bucks a month. You got to get the, you know, the radio everywhere
you want to listen to your radio, one for your car or that little power. Really, Hickey. Sure.
You know, it's about to equip it. Well, Howard Wright, who writes for the Chicago Tribune writes
today. Thanks to whoever thanks to sin, by the way. Howard Stern, un-sensured, un-interesting.
How do you like that? Un-sensured and un-interesting. If there's a four-letter word or outrageous
sex act that didn't get mentioned in Howard Stern's new satellite radio show, it wasn't for lack of
trying, writes Howard. Words that once were bleeped on Stern's terrestrial radio program,
previously broadcasted in Chicago and WCKG, float uninterrupted on Howard 101, the serious
satellite frequency of this airing Stern's reincarnated show. And though it's true, they
triple-x-rated comedy bits and salty on-air pattern didn't wholly define the program. The show
unquestionably plunged more deeply than ever in the material that many listeners would consider
obscene. On purely comedic terms, however, the satellite debut proved surprisingly flat.
The program unfolding more as a promotion of Stern's latest venture than as a, was that say?
Something radio show? I don't can't read that word. This is a bad facts. As a something radio show,
VO, whatever. VO. After opening with several minutes of technical difficulties, including
microphones that produced piercing feedback. I wouldn't you think that Mel Carmesen and all
them people over there could do better than that? With all that big money they got, all those
millions and millions, uh, when you think that they'd be serious? I mean, the one thing that
I understand us with our technical difficulties, but at least our microphone ain't feeding back yet.
We've heard it as long time cast, nearly struggled, but clearly struggled to find something
interesting to discuss. Is that on the first day? Oh no. The initial report, they sounded
spares, slow, and stumbling, a palpable lectum that even Stern seemed to acknowledge.
I hyped this thing so much it could never ever lift anyone's expectations had, Stern,
who had as best as proven capable of brilliant satire and true political commentary.
Before long, he was playing unedited excerpts of the Celacius voicemail, messages that TV
personality Pato Bryan infamously left on a woman's voicemail last year, causing a mini scandal,
aired ribald prank phone calls, and played a bit in which an impersonator of David Letterman
dubbed Evil Dave described a series of sex fantasies in remarkable detail. Neither the
pattern of the show's new announcer, George Tekai, who was Mr. Sula on the original Star Trek.
Is that how you said? I've known it. I've known it.
North Stern's taken out from the fact that he'd gotten married quickly retracted, offered much more
than a chuckle. Kind of like, like that. Oh, yet this was just day one of the program,
and Stern will have plenty of time which to find his voice in a new setting, judging by the opening
installment he'll need it. Oh, man. Wow. That's not like a shot to me.
But then he'll know what to why not. So far we've had not a single spy report from anybody out there,
not one. Yeah, I just people that don't like how we're not, oh, I heard two minutes of
any, he's always sucked me still, so what's that? You know, first of all, he didn't like him in
the first place. What are you doing listening to it? Right. While I was doing my research,
you know, I was all like crap, not buying it, just like these people. I listened to Rush because
I want to hear what the other side was saying. Look for the QM van. I guess they still haven't
given away those Dan movie passes. I reckon. Look for the QM van at the Shell Station in North
West 25th Street in 87th Avenue, D'Areal. Stop by to pick up movie passes to actually premiere
of Glory Road to Marth, the Dolphin Mall, free movie passes. Maybe the van will be there till the
passes pass out or they do. One or the other. Evidently, not too many people want those or
many. Everybody's on the serious. Well, maybe we're done today. Maybe nobody told us because look
at these calls so far. Maybe we're finished now. The terrestrial radio is out of business. We're dead.
And things were going to be so good with Joe Bell in charge too. You know, and you guys are moving
to another building. That's right, which was a really big secret until like about two minutes ago.
So that Joe can oversee kiss and QAM and hold it. Plus, the lease in that building is
ending. Boy, you're going to miss those Schmutzie walls. I'll tell you that. No, well,
and they're really fancy carpeting. Speaking of carpeting, dry concepts is the best in the
universe. They want to make your life a lot easier. During the month of January, dry concepts is
encouraging everybody to take advantage of their outstanding maintenance contract.
Dry concepts maintenance contract offers you savings and real peace of mind. Enjoy the benefits
of their planned carpet cleaning and dry cleaning service. Not only will you say 50% off their regular
prices, but you'll also enjoy the added benefit of knowing the dry concepts will be there when
you need them. Use them one time. You'll understand why I've used them for over 20 years because they're
the best. They do a phenomenal job for you. Dry concepts is dedicated to clean carpet approach
rather than the common clean, dirty carpet approach. Don't buy it. Be full. By all those 1995
special to leave your carpet soaked for days on end without treating the problems. You made a big
investment in those carpets. You were a poultry and drapery. So let dry concepts protect that
investment. Dry concepts for professional staff is fully certified in their service and stated unmatched
anywhere in the universe. So take the way out and having your home sanitized all year long
with dry concepts maintenance program called today tool free and they brought into Palm Beaches
1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 around the wicked web. It's dryconcepts.com.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62-8-8.
All that the most talked about here many years is now the musical event of the year. The
broke back mountain soundtrack. The songs you love from the movie you're afraid to admit you love.
Strap on your leather chaps and yell, write them cowboy. The broke back mountain soundtrack.
It's fun to stay at the YMCA. They have everything for young men who enjoy. You can hang out with all the
boys. Well, they look more sans goodies. Let me tell you a 28-till note. So anyway FMQB which is
in a Howard in fact there about 15 feet into his... Right, go man. I was told to do that about
that website. What are they used for light in there? How it may flash light. I would
say that. Howard's film made his long way. Hopefully not a candle. Made his long way to debut
on Sirius satellite radio day. Well, there were a few technical riches at the start. Once during
the screw-bout rolling it was business as usual with only a couple of noticeable changes in the
program. The first is the hiring of George Tecai to Kai, whatever his name is, as you know
it's a first-earned program. Best known as Star Tracks Sulu. He was live in the studio for his
debut. The other was the Lackin commercials. They start with commercials tomorrow, six in an hour.
As Stern's debut when commercial free and lasted well into the 11 a.m. hour. No wonder we couldn't
get any spy reports. They're glued to Howard, man. Both of them. So they're going to be playing
commercials? Yeah. Six units per hour. Okay. It's supposed to be commercial free but they live.
More Stern's channel on upkicks off today including a daily wrap-up show with Gary Delabata
and John Heine and that debut of Bubba to Love Sponsor in the afternoon drive. Delabata took home
the price for the first curse word out of during the day. Bubba suggested playing Ben Fools,
Bitches Ain't Schmitt. Though later in the program Stern dropped the first f-bomb.
Stern also denied during his program that he married long-time girlfriend Beth Astrosky
has suggested reports elsewhere. Meanwhile, Stern fans expect a podcast via iTunes.
There is a Stern podcast page currently available to iTunes but today only contains a woman at
17 second ad for his serious program. In other words, they're not quite so serious yet.
There's the FMQB review which is like I said, they're big groupies. Still got those movie
passes over there? I suppose. I don't think they're going to tell you when they leave. I'm not
going to keep reading that thing. We've been reading it for an hour and a half. How many passes could
they have had? But Stern, man. We're in choir and... Yeah. 70 QYM. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Okay, sir. Hey, buddy. For your poll, I can't believe you forgot the best answer for that.
Yeah. For 20 years. What do you even tell us about the people in this town? Are.
I'm waiting. Lightless. They have no lights. Okay. That'd be a great
attribute number one answer for that poll. Okay, let's put it on there and see if it is. Okay,
lifeless. Okay. I have no life. Let's get it on there. Most people are lifeless. Do you think
it's going to be the number one answer? No. No. 567-0560, pound five, 60 in the Verizon and
all. Look at that. There's the hospital director Hadasa Yadi about Ariel Saron, Shlomo Yitzhak
Proman. Can you to reduce that place over the next. So, Fadi could barely walk and I'm very
surprised that he's having any ailments, aren't you? Yeah, I'm shocked and displayed. You think
that when you would eat that much, you'd have enough padding that would kind of like buffer you
against all external forces. 70 QYM. Hello. Now, Neil, you're doing a heck of a job. 70 QYM. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. Well, Carl, I listen to part of the Stern Show. I went up to Charlotte and I've
got you on because I won't be able to listen to you for a couple of months and I can listen to
him any time. Right. He wasn't the same. He seemed uncomfortable. It just wasn't the same show.
And if they're going to have commercials, I'm a little pissed because I paid 137 for a home unit,
the car unit, and I've got CD and the car and I've got the radio. I don't know what the hell I did.
Yeah. Come, you want to refund? Yeah. How a good day. I'm back to it. It's not a little PO, didn't it?
A little bit. It's out a little bit off his feet after hearing about it. You know, forget it's
only the first day, though. Don't hate it. 567 05 60 pound 560 on the rest of the singular wireless lines.
WQYM. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Just remember, they're only two truths in life. You can't
win with a black quarterback. And the Holocaust never happened. Okay. 567 05 50.
Q a M. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yeah. Hey, yeah, I just call it to let you know that I passed my 1030.
At, you know, the show 87th and 25th is nobody there. No WQM band. Nothing.
Thanks for the good news, Pellie. I have to get it from our audience. Well, I just called
Miguel. I say, hey, you're going to let me know when those are done. Right? He's in. Yep.
Of course, actually, he said so in other words, they're there. That's what he said. Maybe this guy
had the wrong interest section. Northwest 25th Street and 87 Avenue in D'Areal,
which quite frankly, I have no idea where that particular joint is.
At the shell station, man, it's at the shell station. So who do we believe? Do we believe
Miguel who emailed me yesterday? He tried to give me the list and the Howard for free,
which I couldn't do it anyway. And I don't want to hear it. And, D'Aird, we believe this collar,
who just called us an O'Jaham Provacateur Julio. Who do we believe? We need a third. I think
they're both full of crap. Yeah, we need a tiebreaker. Hear it ought to be on line nine QAM. Hello.
How like killer spot for you on it on there. WQAM. Hello. Hey, he likes sun. Pretty good.
I was listening to a David Lee Roth show this morning. I think it's pretty good. I think it's
better than how it's done. I can be believable. Really? Yeah, he's pretty good. He's got
a fresh new idea. And he tells you about the rock and roll industry and other topics that's
instead of looking at boobs and butt. Yeah. And you didn't have Robin doing the news on there?
Right. Right. That's boring stuff. Anything else, Robin?
Okay, thanks, Bob. I'm glad you're on. Stay on for long.
So I'm up 100 years. So until I croak, man, I'm going to croak right on the air. I got it all
planned out. 567.0560, pound 566 in the Verizon. Yeah, I'm very jealous. I would like to be on
not serious. I'd like to be syndicated. Forget about serious. Because you know, when you really stop
and think about it, they're narrow-cased. And they're talking to a few people, a fraction of his
original audience. And like this guy, the guy, two calls ago said, or three, whatever it was,
he spent all of that money and then come to find out they're going to be running commercials
based on a lie. It was going to be commercial free. Well, guess what?
WQAM. Hello. Hey, hey. Yes. Okay. I just wanted to make a comment about Pat Robertson
and Howard Stern. Okay.
How come Pat Robertson isn't in on that Supreme Court thing since he's so close to God,
and knows him so well? And then, now I'm just saying, I think he's the EICM gutter days,
just like the last year of Flying South, what really started to suck. It was a great show,
and it just ran out of steam and it didn't die out great of the way. And I think that's what happened
to Howard Stern. Okay. So thanks, Pat.
Pat Robertson's got better hair though. Yes. Thanks.
5.670, he does, doesn't he? Better than that.
He's got lovely hair. He's got a nice dew. He looks like a real, like the definitive
goy. He uses Dippity-Doo. WQAM. Hello. QAM.
Yeah, let's pick a meal. Speaking. Oh, Dukkrat Dukkrat, Longamagiyat.
I want to speak to Neil, and then that's the material. Very, very beautiful, beautifully done.
Guess what? WQAM. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Hey, I've bought a serious radio. Got one
on my trot. Got one on my work. I pay for it. My tip got to hear all kinds of words.
And I could couldn't hear it before. I enjoyed it. I enjoyed it. I got there some fart noises,
but miss those. And everybody needs those. So it was where it's worth it.
And there's still a music. There's a guy that's happy. Well, I'm happy for you.
All right. Fire it up. There you go. He's got no complaints. Well, I only took an hour and 40 minutes
to find one. But it was worth it, right? What? Hey, listen, what have I always told you about these
calls? You might have to go through 20, 30, 40,000. Maybe I'm exaggerating. Maybe you'll get a classic.
You'll get some good crap. Okay. You just don't have the perspicacity and the tenacity. What
of those were? What did it all? What does that mean? I don't know. Because you give up too easy.
Only when I'm on though. I give up. When I'm on, you want me to read the stupid crap, right?
What's your number one answer to this? Most people are stupid. See? Stupid. If most people are stupid,
then I guess I should read some stupid crap. 46. What's that kind of deal again? Sol,
we're been in with A-hole, 32. Now, maybe that way we got Joe Bellas, the GM will get our fart sounds
back. What do you think? Well, you can act. Because I know when I talk to him, whenever that's
going to be, he's probably going to say, well, is there anything I can do for you? Yeah,
there's only one thing. Well, two things. First of all, kill all the salespeople. And number two,
give us our fart sounds back. Get on the room with that. Joyce and tell that bitch what for. Okay.
That's some of the preschool words we're not allowed to say. Such an answer. I like to be bagged.
That's what in that one, right? Yeah. Like, Halloween devise. Say on primetime kids shows that we
can't say. Right. Most people A-hole, 32. Hippocrates, 29. Decent, 19. Well, that's pretty decent,
Navier. One dimensional 10, reasonable nine, big hits three, perverts to ugly, two, lifeless,
one, Solomon Tehono and jerks one. Well, it seems to be like a little slop over there with some of those.
Am I right? I'm like A-hole and jerk. Where's the fine line? Can you be a jerk without being
an A-hole? I don't think so. Now, maybe you can be an A-hole without being a jerk. Think about that.
It's going to make my head hurt. Maybe you can be an idiotic jerk. I sure wish I had that
birch to enter thing. If you're a lot of feed it up to you. Where are you? Reminding. Maybe tomorrow morning.
I'm right here, confangulating. When the salespeople are coming in and trying to course me into doing
stuff I don't want to do. I write down idiotic jerk. Give us an audio salespeople are Q-A-M. You go
out and sell it. I'll do it. Okay. I don't care if I'm endorsing like, you know, whatever it is.
Airlines with blind pilots. I mean, whatever it is, I'll do it. Right? Right. Because we need
the money. The beesleys need the money. We'll ban our leases up. We're moving on down to the
kiss building. We're kissing it. We're the ghost of Paxen is hovering over. God, those were really
some days going into that building. There was a very strange environment in there.
Remember the day we got the tour of that building? Yep. And there was that WACC that,
in those beginning glades, little, it was like a radio station and a broom closet. It was like in
the bowels of the building. Yeah. Like, oh, there's our Spanish language station. WACC, it was like
two holy, oh, sitting in an closet. Which, of course, so many are. Hey, the animal coast is still
thought as number one. Asian girl may be fade. That's not just my personal opinion, but that's
a coin to get restaurant review and they really know their stuff. Now every Friday through Sunday
night, you can enjoy lobster fest, featuring main lobster served thermator style. And every night
is crab festival with a lot of Alaskan snow crab legs, dungeon is crab and Jonas stone crabs.
The menu with the animal coast includes fresh oysters on a half shell and a sushi bar with over
30, but 30 men with an items. The animal coast also served New York steaks, cooked away a
like a rotender in juicy handcar prime ribbon on the weekends for dessert, leave room for their
sensational 40 inch chocolate fountain. God only knows the kinds of things you can stick in that
baby. You can end it here on strawberries, marshmallows, other decadent treats. And don't forget
the animal coast promotes healthy living too. They cook all their fine cuisine only with cholesterol
free canola oil, no MSG, no cornstarch, no headaches, no crab. So book your reservations for a real
fantastic feast at one of animal coast relocations. There are some rice and ails, beach and temper pies
for the animal coast 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22. This is meal rushers. This is 5 6 2 8
5 6 3 4 5 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6
6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6
6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6
6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6
6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6
6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6
6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6
Oh the van is still there we have a lot of passes and I quote how much did they give it any away? I don't know we have a lot of passes see every quite every question that I ask is they didn't say I don't know or I guess is this idiot is this invasible capable of communication over there can he tell you we've given away a whole bunch of them but we still have a lot more we've got like hundreds we're gonna get that guy's number like a flunky we'll just call him directly how's that no I think we got to give it out on a year
oh no seriously because maybe the audience can find out what else going on over there you know
this is pathetic this is so typical man the way things have degenerated this radio station just tragic thank
God we made this move just in time I can hear Tony Bennett singing it right now if Miguel would spend more time
the less time worrying about do I want to hear Howard Stewart on serious and more time worried about if
we knew what that was going on with our promotions maybe we get something I can't wait for that best
and the other thing to go on oh that's going to go down big like eating the whole pizza without taking
a bite it's going to go down big WDQ way and hello I don't know okay hey I don't know if you
saw that interview with probably not because you don't watch thoughts but whatever let's
create an and how Dean no blitzkrieg was trying to I'll first go look let's create his not Fox
what's the not Fox I saw well blitzkrieg he's on CNN I'm sorry you're right CNN I thought clip
the same difference yeah well same crap anyway he was trying to tie both was trying to tie the
Democrats to the to the Abramoff nonsense saying that the Democrats had taken some sort of
back stuff and right and so he's going there's absolutely no proof of that because what about
the Indian tribes that we can see that they took payments well you know Abramoff had nothing nothing
to do directly with the with the Indians and they you know there's no proof that I've seen in
all the reports every single person who was arrested every single person who was indicted every
certain person involved is a Republican there is not one Democrat involved in any of this what it
will for taking deep breath and at the end of the interview he just there's like a second pause
where there's no words he just takes a deep breath and says okay well thanks for your time
and you see he just takes a deep breath and he's on camera I don't know what he's thinking
and you know you see him take a sigh okay well thanks for that and Dean start laughing you know he
starts laughing at a two and it's like you can't get it was it was funny it's on the
got a thing the Democratic Party I'm forcing they keep getting stuck in this business about Dean
is a loose cannon and he's out of control Dean is the only one with a ball to tell a like it is
exactly right and that's he's the one they ought to be following man and they would kick some
of you like that stand up and and keep these guys around because they're all pussy foot if I
could say that yeah around you know the only guy that has a pair is the one that's green with
the top of his head and he's the one that he's the one gosh we should have voted for him
Amen Amen thanks how do you like that I told you just like they he came on here on that same obnoxious
talking head network and said the the Tom Ridge was just doing it holes pony a scam with a
terror alert and raising the terror warning it was just a political ploy that's right and I've
heard attention from whatever these scandal doger was at that time and it was it was right and then
who do they drag out of the closet that the right winner in Democratic clothing you know julie
Lieberman well I know Tom Ridge well in the audio all this other crap you know exactly I've
been telling us for a long time how our dean is the man I've been a dean of the park
and I'm going to play right now I know it's the time to drag him out of the mouth walls and really
you're putting them out there all over the place and that's because the public is pissed off baby
they're pissed off and fired up and he's exactly the kind of guy that they'll respond to so I have
a report for you no really well how do you like that better late than never I called a roly who's
out there right now you call him idiot and I said you know how many tickets have you said about
10 to 15 but he has about 30 to 40 to give away so go get him well 10 to 15 is exactly like a big
rush of course it is a stupid as basketball movie I mean and number two it's out in the middle of
Yenem's belt does there anybody speak English out there in that area maybe like about 30 two or three
anyway look for the qm band it's still there man it's pretty slow maybe we don't have it
been listening maybe they're all listening to uh XMN serious now you think no like publicity I
think the audience is completely gone baby bye bye it's been a good run can't get to that 30th
anniversary at least last till March 1 look for the qm band at the corner of north west 25th street
87th Avenue at the shell station in Dural stop by to pick up even if you don't want them okay you
go out there and pedal them and make Miguel feel better and look at him off our ass all our
dust said stop by to pick up movie passes to watch the premiere of glory road to Martha Dolphin Mall
so it's a basketball movie yes but dribblin there's a drawing down you chin
that's what dust said oh here's the hearings how this is going to all the year-old hearings but
it's going to be put a boot put a Monday through Thursday then at 12 15 specter will start the 10
minute opening statements by senators by 20 senators on both sides he starts hands it off to
the top you know this whole thing is so stupid as if I have to tell you that well why why
are the senators have to have opening statements okay so they can do that great other than to
grandstand for their constituents and for the American public why do the senators have to have
opening statements just to give a lot of time as opposed to putting his ass on the fire
this is right oh you guys this is 5.62.8
this is Dick Cheney I like to relax by having their margol and massage my balls while listening
to the Neil Rogers 12th one hour
right
The credit stated in pictures great but I brought along the email me to watch those new photos with those hats
Come to me, we got down to hard cause they hold more feelings than me
They made my noise cause those new branches were red leaves
They couldn't start my game and nobody bothered nothing they were
Make it love to a cowboy, everybody's been
Make it love to a cowboy
When we're looking for love to all the kind if you want it to wash
The lady behind me stepped for when they started to fall there
They burned down, if you want to get cold right there in the wind
You'll hear the music and hear the growling
Nothing shakes me more than corn and singing the land of horn
Cause they got down on the hard cause they hold more feelings than me
They made my noise cause those new branches were red leaves
They couldn't start my game and nobody bothered nothing they were
Make it love to a cowboy, everybody's been
Make it love to a cowboy
They're very
Make it love to a cowboy
So both ran chants were randy, how do you like that?
How do you like that? I knew she was much of an up to be one of them, but both
12.02 at 5.60 W.D.Q.A. James Ridgeway writes he's the author of the five unanswered questions about 9.11
He writes Pakistan, Saudi Arabia and 9.11 how much did the Bush administration know
And San Antonio over the weekend, oh there's our Bush inspector
I'm an Arlon's inspector
Supreme Court of the United States
A few matters of it
And his hair is growing back, aren't you proud man?
Oh yeah I'm proud
And that's because God's rewarding him for being so innovative and coming up with that single bullet
Here in the Kennedy assassination, that magic bullet
In San Antonio over the weekend, the Bush defended the NSA wear type program saying
The attack this before they'll attack us again if they can
And they're going to we're going to do everything we can to stop me be saying
To be polite about this, this isn't especially weird statement coming from a president
Who is administration repeatedly ignored one warning after another of an imminent terrorist attack before 9.11
But in fact, it is clearly administration did know we could be attacking any number of ways
Including by turning a hijack commercial airliner into a missile
There were at least a dozen warnings from foreign intelligence services of terrorists plans to attack
Including some side in the possibility of turning a hijack plan into a suicide missile
Explicit warnings came from British German attacking Egyptian and Jordanian intelligence
And even from Vladimir Putin
In July 2001, just two months before 9.11, there were intelligence warnings that the G8 summit in Genoa
Might be attacked by plain stuff with explosives
It's high and official took these threats seriously enough to close the airspace over Genoa
And install anti-aircraft guns all around the city
And bushed out enough of them to choose to stay on a ship off the coast instead of in Genoa
Unfortunately, he thought less about the safety of ordinary Americans they did about his own safety
Donald Rumsfeld told the 9.11 Commission that defense against the tanks on American soil was not the responsibility of the defense
But a law enforcement issue
Yet there have been no consequences for anybody in the Bush administration or the intelligence community
Rumsfeld should have been fired after 9.11 along with the top leadership at the CIA and FBI
Instead, the intelligence agencies were rewarded with an increase in funding estimated at 30 percent
About 30 men
And a freehand to torture prisoners and spy on American citizens
And Rumsfeld was given what he wanted all along which was a war with Iraq
Tenant was awarded the Medal of Freedom on his retirement
9.11 represented to be trailed by two of America's allies Pakistan and Saudi Arabia
Through its powerful intelligence service Pakistan basically created the Taliban and Afghanistan
And its agents stationed around that country cooperated with Al Qaeda
It ignored the Taliban's support of Al Qaeda
There's little doubt that members of Pakistani intelligence knew that 9.11 was going to happen including the details
But today Pakistan is our best friend in the region receiving a significant increase in USAID so don't go there
The Pakistani rule in all of this pales in comparison to the involvement of Saudi Arabia
Saudis are clearly the major funding source for Al Qaeda
In fact, the person who up-create Al Qaeda was Prince Turkey
Who at the time was the head of the Saudi intelligence
He participated in the recruitment of Osama bin Laden along with other Islamic fundamentalists
To go to Afghanistan in the 80s to fight against the Soviets
And what were the consequences for Prince Turkey?
Last year he was welcomed as the new Saudi ambassador to the USA
Another Turkey
Thanks to the courage and quick action of flight attendant support flight 11
American Airlines headquarters knew about the first hijacking
No more than 10 minutes after it happened
This was before any of the other three planes had been hijacked
It was nearly 20 minutes before flight 93 even left the ground
What would have happened if American Airlines had passed this information on
Instead of keeping it to themselves
Pilots might have been warned to secure their cockpit doors
Plains on the ground might not have taken off
Officials in New York City would have known that the first world-trade tower
Crash was no accident and they might have evacuated the other tower
How many lives could have been saved
But what were the consequences for American Airlines negligence?
The official that was in charge in American Airlines headquarters that day
Has been promoted to President of the airline
Along with other carriers, Americans received huge government bailouts since 9-11
And to this day they have an institute of the changes necessary to keep their passengers safe
A few months ago, Steve Elson, a member of the FAA's red team
Undercover former special operations people trained to test their security by breaking through it
Travel to Toronto where with reporters in tow he picked a loss of all the doors in the Toronto Pearson airport
He thus easily gained access to all baggage handling facilities
All the ramps, walkways, cockpits and seats of idled lanes, food, vending trucks and so on
It would be a simple matter to plan a bomb on an aircraft
Destined for New York or Washington or LA or wherever
How do you like that? Pretty comforting, eh?
Oh yeah, I feel nice and secure now
All right, how's that pull coming? He asked
What's it? What are these? Which it's a tough choice? What's your number one answer to? Most people are we got 240 vote
Stupid 74 A holes 47 Pipercrets 40 decent 36 one-dimensional 14 reasonable 14
Lifeless 3 pervert 3 bigots 3 jerks 2 and ugly 2
Or obliterate
Most people are
Not ugly, but what would you say?
Maybe you're looking at me as
Oh no, Edmius
By the way, if you weren't still dead any Edmius we
Steps to the hearing this we have what took some steps to find out what's going on
We're going to have roll Ian's self-call up after the next break
And we can grind him ourselves
Well, why do we need to do that if we go already giving him the answer? Why do we want to put that
To the minute that you know avoid several middlemen and just
In fact, huh he ain't fat while it really sounds really poorly does but no, it's short for real well for Kranow
A lot of you better get fat. I mean he's really cool. Josh periodically too, but you know
Look we don't have to make that bigger but simmissile when I was just looking for an answer
I mean you're once again getting carried away emotional and hysterical right he's hysterical like K
Earn like Connie. I'm sorry excuse me. Don't forget your godfather trivia raw. Oh, no
Don't be mad right now. I'm not reading this anymore. Okay if they wanted it they can go out there
I'm not reading it normal first after what we killed it in the yesterday and what he did to me with that CD business
And you notice how vociferously he denies all of that. Oh, I'm not in sales. I had nothing to do it at right
The sales department just found out about that biosmosis
God and then he tries to blame it on poor duff you fairy
Somebody Q a m. Hello, I'm sorry. Yeah, I've got another one for your poll. Yes
Yeah
I can't believe you had a poll and there was something about
Smokers on there and didn't seem like a lot of people answered that
So I think most people are closet stoners
Okay
Turn that thing up a little bit louder. I love that
There's just something about that whole mentality, you know
Allie he was okay closet stoners is that all right? Very deep. I guess closet something
Unlike George who's out of the closet. That's right. One thing about everybody on this show. They're out of the closet
Josh isn't there was a vibrators and the
George isn't a no that long right
And you know what I'm into five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
So this movie I saw over the weekend. What that was an invent oh, he's very though. That's a sad part
You know, so Daniel Hirsch
Sigurdney weaver was great in that movie imaginary heroes. He was great. Oh, is that the name of it? I'll avoid it
I like her a lot. So why is that?
Is it very morbid? It's depressing. Well, that's why
Huh? I want to see a depressing movie. I've got life for that. Why is it that most of the movies
Um, unless it's a comedy most of the movies are morbid and depressing last many many years
Just the way it goes like Magnolia even. It's a good movie and Requiem and all the movies are very morbid and depressing
Maybe that's why people are throwing their brains out like crazy. You think either that or it's a gas prices
Five you do that or it's a your president
Thank you mr. President for those bargain basement gas prices and the good news is my handyman is he is okay
One of these days after he gets enough beer. Send me he's gonna come back and finish that fence
Don't push it as he just relax. Okay. Just lay there in bed and you know say a few prayers
A ruchata sediment so on don't drink the wine though, please
Wtq. I am hello
Wtq. I am hello
You know, yes sir. How are you sir? Pretty good good. I know you know, I mean I'm a young listener. I'm 24, but I mean you shows great number one and
uh
What do you think about the South Florida? I'm down here from Michigan. I just it sucks. I
Don't care for this day. Yeah, you're right. We're we're Michigan
Uh Detroit actually Detroit, that's not feel that's why I was talking to him. I were I used to live hey
I you could you could me. Oh, what's with this down there? It sucks
People are just it's amazing. I'm miserable hateful hostile
unfriendly anti-social all
I'm not I'm not kidding. I'm not kidding at all. It's a terrible place. No, I mean people hate to sell
I look at yes. I
I can't even go on. Have a good one. You'll take it. Yeah, I'll see you in my field. All right, but say how to dick Burton. Okay
I mentioned a dick Burton was inducted in the radio hall of fame. Yes, you did
Now I think I'm I'm probably after my 30th anniversary in radio hall of shame when you think they ever heard of you
No, okay
Oh, no, I'm not so one of those things you know, this is a filthy or potty mouth
At least I know you can say crap now we can't even say crap anymore. So I guess it can't be that can't be the issue
You think about it
No, it's a it's a bad show. It's a bad the it's a bad life. It's a bad planet
Yeah, we need to start being a lot more negative, you know all I crap that near Rogers is so negative now
I've discovered it's taking me all these years to the reason we could have an 80-year is if I could be a lot more negative
We hate everybody
Right, right. That's a soft food effing way maybe negative hostile and
Retardo oh that would be one most people are retarded
Oh, we already got stupid we could no that stupid is one level of it
You know another retarded is more like you know like that
So many of them all over the place
probably I went at Yovon guy came back then and it was gonna be a real winning model boy
The Yovon man moved away and now he's back up to his old. Oh, yeah, when I heard capridis voice and what's the Yovon?
The Yovons and others
Very very sad because one thing about soft food is if the sewage always comes back
You know you know this right well they can dump it out to see it. Just watch us right back up that is correct
Right back up on show
Happy new year from our friends at Armstrong for to homestead
2005 was a great year and thousands of new customers took advantage of the meal deal and bought their new forwards at Armstrong for it
Why do people shot there? It's easy because Armstrong for guarantee you a great price great service after the sale and that personal touch
That comes from a local family owner own dealership pick up the phone right now
Coge General manager David Richardson 305 247 51 12 and don't forget when you buy a new fork from Armstrong for to homestead
You'll also on top of the best prices in town get their exclusive tires and batteries full-life program
That's right when you buy from Armstrong for you get free tires and batteries for life of your car
How can you beat that that can save you an extra?
Thousands of dollars David rich in the staff at Armstrong for guarantee you won't fight a better price any place in town
And because they're locally owned and operated like I tell you every single day
They'll treat you like you never been treated at a car
They should be for just like family because they want to make you a customer full life no flirty sales
No BS so start off the new year with a new forward from our friend David rich in the staff at Armstrong for to home
And you'll find them a 307 25 South Dixie highway just 20 easy minutes south of the early 36 check them on the web
Armstrong cars dot com and drive a little bit extra to save yourself a ton of cash literally thousands and thousands of dollars when you do your car shopping at
Armstrong Ford of homestead
Um
On
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no,no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no again, no, no,
widows, widows, widows, widows for wise men, widown forgive men, widows and widows, widows, widows slowdreamers, widows and widows, widows, widows and widows bow, widows, widows growr
Oh, and in against Columbus against the straight check it's on Saturday.
What Irsta should be too easy wins?
Las Vegas style gambling cruises return to Miami's Bayfront Park with Friday's launch of
the SS Horizon's Age run by a Massachusetts-based company, not that evil gambling, oh no, how bad.
A Massachusetts company's bringing back gambling to Miami's waterfront.
Horizon's Age, which promises Las Vegas style gambling during five and six hour cruises,
began sailing Friday from Bayfront Park.
The SS Horizon's Age replaces the Casino Princessa, which operated from Bayfront Park for nine years
before calling it quits in July.
But Horizon's Age of Lynn Nash is likely to face stiff competition elsewhere, especially from seascape entertainment,
which runs a gambling cruise ship out of Fort Everglades.
Horizon's Age, well I tell you, once the slot start in the pyramutials in a couple of months,
those people with those cruise ships better cleaned up real fast, they better keep breaking it in,
raping the public, because once people can actually go on land without going out there and getting seasick and giving their guts out.
What a notion.
Yeah. Horizon's Age will also buy with Seminole Hard Rock Hotel Casino in Hollywood,
where the Humper City had dropped a friend off for a weekend, and the place was just packed.
They were packing it baby, and with the Permutials in Broward County, where voters recently approved slot machines,
and where the legislature and your Fed has scabbard and reluctantly finally signed the bill.
David Zion, CEO of Horizon's Edge, said he believes South Florida's gaming market is big enough for another player.
When you're looking at a market as big and growing as Miami,
to try to attract 150,000 people a year, is very attainable, Zion,
said referring to passenger utilities put up by Princessa.
Horizon's Age has an agreement with Miami to operate from Bayfront for the next seven years,
and the same spot is used by Princessa.
The Horizon's Age carries about 500 passengers and for more than 75 people,
it's won a two-game in-ships operated by Horizon's Edge,
the other ship sales, easily from Boston, during the summer's in fall.
When I'm deciding, are you ready to top aboard, plug your guts out?
No.
Oh, and now, how come QIAM Batline?
Yeah, how you doing chief, it's Rowley.
Hey, Rowley, what's going on out there? Nothing?
Dude, I'm gone. That's it. Right out of tickets.
You getting all the way? Yes, sir?
Nice going, Rowley, and I apologize for not being fat, but work on it.
Not talking to the Warren, but I'll make sure I get on top of that.
Okay, I'll bet you will.
Come back to the station, steal some pizza while you're at it.
Yes, sir.
Oh, for me! Thank you, sir.
There's Rowley-Poly.
Don't say that when it's, uh, what?
Well, it's going to be really funny.
It's really funny.
I like that, Rowley-Poly.
What doesn't it, uh, doesn't it figure? Rowley-Poly?
How many Rowley's do you know?
I know Rowley fingers, but you're not a baseball guy.
He was, he was skinny.
He was the great relief pitcher for the Oakland A's with a big handlebar mustache.
You've actually even charged me, I heard Rowley fingers.
No, who's he?
Of course.
Oh, don't kill me, there's a course.
I've mentioned people to you and you're like, uh-huh, who's that?
Yeah, like that made up person that I looked up and it was no such person.
Who's that?
I'm not yet a member.
This is why I'm here.
I'm a Schmender.
He was my next door in April, man.
I met him.
I'm a Schmender with my ass.
You better get with your Jews.
You should don't know your Jews, man.
Just like that Mickey Mendel.
You better start to hop it on top of it.
So we gave away all the tickets, five, took a hell of a lot of effort.
And that's because Stern probably went on to about 1130.
So we had no audience, 1130.
Now we're getting a bunch of spy reports on that great Stern debut on the series.
Not that I really care what we're with the other, but just after all of that hype,
you think that you get something, wouldn't you?
Something.
I mean, who's giving out $100 bills in every street corner?
Nobody showed up.
We'd have to say, hey, guess what?
We got no audience, man.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60, and they've Verizon and Singular Wireless Line
on the Steel Rogers Show.
WCYM Hello.
This is a clavistic hero.
WCYM Hello.
This is Howard Stern.
And our last call, QAM Hello.
And that's it.
Boy, if you'd have told me this, I'd have stayed in bed.
I'd have taken a couple of weeks off.
Well, I wouldn't have told you if I had known, but I never...
I just usually have like a little premonition, a little something.
Nothing.
Nothing?
Not even a twitch.
Nothing could have shocked me more.
Last chance for calls, baby, are last to plea.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60.
They're upset because they didn't pay periods, so kick down against Jacksonville Saturday.
They just walked all over.
Man, they hung around the first half.
Let them stay in the game, and then they came out in a second,
I haven't just obliterated them.
Oh, yeah, but the dolphins beat your patriots the week before, Neola.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ho.
Is there any doubt that if the Brady and the First Ring would have even played just the second quarter,
forget about the second half, then they would have kicked their ass.
Is there any doubt about that?
Zero, zip it, he do, duh.
Not that Dolatrix tanked the game or anything like that,
because an upstanding guy like him wouldn't do that, wouldn't be strategizing
to try to start to play off-run with a against the girls team.
To win their tenth consecutive playoff start, an all-time record, and Tom Brady, ten for ten.
Boy, did he look good, and he played pretty good too.
Somebody QA in, hello?
Hey, Dale.
Yes, sir.
You know, Stern is Stern.
I love him.
You know, I listen to him, I have a series of that, I've probably heard.
But dude, at ten o'clock, come on, I come to you, you know that.
Thank God for that.
I'm not worried about that.
I'm just curious after all the hype, what the big deal of the opening show did.
It was a normal show with that word, how's that?
Okay.
It was a normal show with that word, and he went off the air, I say it was around 1115.
Wow.
But you're always in my heart, you know, alright buddy?
Thank God for that, man.
That's why I had that heartburn, thanks, Kelly.
See ya.
See ya.
Take a couple of roll aids.
WDQA M, hello?
My boss is...
WDQA M, hello.
Thank God for that.
Yeah, me, I was wondering, how's that weed up in Canada?
Oh man, the best, you can smell in the air, just walk outside and you can sniff it.
The aroma will put you in a coma.
It's great.
5670560, how's the weed up in Canada?
Oh man, how is it?
Okay, I just got through sand.
Well, if you get off your lazy ass and come on up here, eh?
I'm gonna be sneaking across the border again.
Well, that's right, you can't do too much intercontinental traveling that has stopped me before.
Inter-border travel.
What do you mean by that?
You don't have a passport?
No.
You can't get a passport, is that what you're saying?
No, that's not what I said.
Oh.
I don't have a passport.
Well, why not?
Lazy?
Didn't you just say that?
Well, I thought it had something to do with your status as an illegal...
No.
Illegal Cuban.
Right.
No, that's seriously.
You're just gonna have a passport because you're lazy?
Like everybody else that I know?
That's it.
Oh my God, I don't understand the illegal delis.
What would I do if the passport anyway goes through?
I think you're afraid to go into foreign countries with an orspanian race like Mexico and Canada.
I'm afraid to buy a plane ticket, I can't afford.
But I speak those languages, you don't understand.
Although I think that Mexico, I'm with you on that.
I wouldn't go there if you paid me.
No, seriously, if you gave me 50 grand, I would not buy a much ticket.
Somebody to QYM, hello?
Joyce Coppantel?
Jesus, talk about how to control today.
QYM, hello.
Hey, hey, Tom Brady, the pillow fighter.
Somebody to QYM, hello?
Here, come on.
Here, come on.
QYM, hello?
Hey, how's your gun?
Did you catch Howard Stern on Larry King last night?
No.
It was the worst suck up job King has ever done.
Well, that covers a lot of territory, baby.
I saw four minutes of it on Wednesday.
It was a repeat.
Hey, listen, that's what everybody's talking about right now.
So Larry's got to be there sucking around.
You know, here's the suction and snack on him, suspenders.
Hey, Howard, you're great.
Howard debuts on serious.
Howard, it's Howard.
It's Howard.
And then a couple of the, you know, few days we'll be talking about how it is disgusting and the pornographic.
What is the Alito hearings?
Same court justice who can demonstrate to he or she would obviously be holding the party.
Leahy from, hey, I like Dick Sandi said, FU Pat, where do you say go FU?
So one of those deals come to the price and pressure from the extreme right of his party by the drawing Harriet Myers.
And by the drawing her nomination, substitute, and this one, the president has allowed his choice to be vetoed by an extreme faction within his party before even a hearing or a vote.
Frankly, that was an eye opening experience.
It's like a look on Alito's face, man.
Looks like somebody just farted real bad next to me.
He's got that real sour look.
Oh, man.
I'm going to tell you, they're going to give him a grilling that even George Foreman would be proud of.
They're going to stick his ass in the lean mean grilling machine.
And then what confirm them anyway?
Probably.
27 past noon in a QA.
When you're shopping for shoes, there's a place I've been telling you about for a long time.
And why do you are smart?
You got smart and you went through to buy your shoes all the time.
Brandies and pompano beef.
And so many reasons to shop at Brandies.
Price, value, comfort, style, selection, all of these things.
Brandies carries a humongous, unbeatable selection of all the major brands like Rockport, Floreshime, Echo, Mephisto, SAS, New Balance.
You love them, they got them.
And Brandies, professional shuffters, I'll make sure you've got to customize video favorite comforts you every time.
Just ask for Arnie.
He'll take care of your tutsies properly.
And the pros at Brandies really understand, fit and comfort.
They even specialize in wide wits as well.
You know, as you get older, your feet get fatter too.
You get fatter and so do your feet.
Trust me.
I told you that already.
Did I?
Well, I know.
Brandies is worth a trip from just about anywhere in town for comfort, style, fit, value, and selection.
It's Brandy shoes, 1290, or federal highway and popular.
Brandies is open daily Monday through Saturday till 9.
Even every Sunday till 5.
And this week is a stupendous time to buy fantastic Rockport shoes at Brandies.
Visit Brandies today and take 10 to 20 bucks off their great Rockport selection.
Only this week and only at Brandy shoes and pompano beef.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.8.
You turn and call me wet.
I'm signing off the end.
That's what you think.
I lost it in my life loving you.
You're bright, you're all really good for two.
And with time today's thousandth round.
I wanna go where the living is to be.
I'm the greatest of my life in the song.
Only where even we all can have fun like my running from me.
On those thorns and rays I wanna die.
I'm the greatest of my life in the song.
I wanna sing my love in you.
Live tight for the long, free the Lord of two.
And with time today's thousandth round.
I wanna go where the living is to be.
I wanna die.
That's what that's about to do.
I wanna go where the living is to be.
I wanna go where the living is to be.
I wanna go where the living is to be.
And you picked the perfect place.
And with the young can have no fun.
26 till 1.
What was the movie with Harvey Firestein?
When we all go to Florida to die.
I thought you did see it.
It's often quoted.
I'll tell you one thing that adopted son.
She is so great.
Please don't tell me that she died.
I'll have to look at it.
And she did die.
That's right.
And I was the end.
Anyway, the movie was malice with Alex Baldwin.
I will say this.
I said it a few months ago.
I think I held it against it because of the Tom Cruise connection.
But she's a damn good actress.
The movie sucked.
It was a horrible movie.
George C Scott was in it.
I know he died.
The movie was 93.
He must have died shortly after.
He's been dead for several years now.
Talk about a man with a gigantic ego.
He was a good actor.
He was a little bit overrated.
People are going to say, how about Patton?
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
It's a pursuing the thinking of the ends for which our entire
legal system
work exists.
As we have seen from
Justice O Nos example,
An even one justice
can profoundly
All for the meaning of those words.
Popping our opinions.
Even one justice can deeply affect the rights and liberties of the American people.
Even one justice can advance or reverse the progress of our journey.
So the question before us in these hearings is this, does Judge Alito's record hold true
to the letter and the spirit of equal justice?
No.
Is he committed to the core values of our Constitution?
No.
That are at the heart of our nation's progress.
No.
And can he truly be even handed and fair in his decisions?
No.
In a way, Judge Alito has faced this issue before as a nominee to the Court of Appeals.
I have the privilege of sharing his confirmations here in 1990.
And at that time, he had practiced law for 14 years, but only represented one client, the United States government.
And I asked whether he believed he could be impartial in deciding cases involving the government.
No.
And in that hearing, Judge Alito said on the record that the most important quality for a judge is open-mindedness to the arguments.
And he promised the committee that he would make a very conscious effort to be absolutely impartial.
Don't we want to hear a lot more of this now?
Well, I loved Ted Kennedy, man.
He's great.
Too bad he was such a slime ball, but he's great.
In spite of all the redneck right-wingers saying,
here's the fact that he says for your poll, please put a rude as in all of the transplated New Yorkers.
This is the same reason why there's so many mean and miserable people in South Florida in the first place.
Good luck to all of us.
And I agree.
Good luck to you.
You had it on there?
Yeah.
From New York.
Yeah.
Rude.
I'm not just loud.
Voicetress, disgusting, overbearing.
Out of control.
Not humans.
Serious typically.
All of these are the same.
The story that rocked on beach in the world.
Uncle Ted did throw on some boxer shorts.
Let's cruise a bar and rage with some babes.
Excellent.
Power.
Money.
Woman.
And who did?
Uncle Ted did.
Let's use our influence on the splash names to impress these babes and do the wall thing.
And the cops out.
No way, Bill.
That's way, Dad.
Excellent.
They're rich.
They're powerful.
They like to swim naked.
Well, you're going to be stint.
Then Ted can't even get in.
They're a tad.
Next for the venture.
Part two.
The next.
Chinataria.
Excellent.
Coming soon.
We're going to be used.
We're going to be used.
We're going to be used.
We're going to be used.
Excellent.
The idea has been turned.
Judges are appointed by and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
And it is our duty to ask questions on great issues that matter to the American people
and to speak for them.
Many Republican senators certainly demanded answers from Harriet Myers.
We should expect no less from Judge Alito.
There is no time for a double standard.
If confirmed Judge Alito could serve on the court for a generation or more,
and the decisions he will make as justice,
will have a direct impact in the lives and liberties of our children,
our grandchildren, and even our great-grandchildren.
We have only one chance to get it right and a solemn obligation to do so.
You go, Ted.
Have another drink.
He's the man.
On a 1247, a QAIM, here's a fact that says from Pedro.
Hey, Pedro.
Go to CursionLiars.com to see a clip of Wolf Blitzkrieg and Howard Dean.
It's funny to see Wolf.
He's face George says, just watch it and most of me.
Yeah.
I'm going to save it and I'm going to make a DVD out of it along with all the other little clips that we've gotten over here.
Well, maybe we ought to put a clip.
I'll link to it on our website if it's like an isolated clip.
I will funnel the video to Eric right now.
Funnel it to Eric right now.
Funnel it out over, man.
Put it in a...
QAIM.
Why should I say it?
It's sticking in the shoot.
Right.
Put it in like a demand.
I'll shoot it over too.
You'll put your deposit in the shoot it out over.
You know?
That seems to be what life's all about.
Anyway, I've Ted Kennedy just roasted him an ass.
Did you notice the family, the whole family sitting behind Elito,
and they're all squirming like they just farted real bad or whatever.
Maybe they got itchy ruins.
That could be it.
And like you said, they'll grill him and chill him and rake him over the colds and they'll say,
okay, we'll confirm him.
352 votes.
What's your number one answer to this?
Most people are stupid 101, A-hole 73, decent 59.
Most people are...
Yeah.
A hypocrite's 56, 1-dimensional 21, reasonable 20, lifeless 5, bigots 5.
By the way, 128 over 83.
Very good.
Bigots, huh?
Good enough.
What's wrong with that in the middle of the show?
Nothing at all.
Why you are just...
I hate 50.
I hate 50.
How about 80 over 30?
How would that be?
80 over 30.
I hate 50.
Lifeless 5, bigots 5, ugly 4, perverts 3, jerks 3, and ruges 1, I don't have any at all.
359.
You see, now Georgia's pulling for me to croak because he figured he'd be got Joe Bell in there
instead of Greg, who hit him like poison.
And Georgia's just going to add just slide right in there and take over that show.
And what you're thinking?
Sure, yeah.
That's right.
Are you kidding me?
When the other guy was there, you had no chance.
You didn't have a Chinaman's chance in Perkett or the other guy.
You had Joe Bell in there and you got him snowed pretty well.
Yeah.
What?
I had one conversation with him.
Well, he evidently liked you enough to come and talk to you.
How many of those...
How many radio conversations did you have with Greg in 80 years?
How about the big...
Oh!
None.
Huh?
That's a good guess.
Other than the fact he hated you like poison and they wanted you to leave.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M?
No go.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Yes, hello.
V-O?
Yes, sir.
I rented a movie over the weekend, the Magnolia.
Yeah.
And I absolutely loved it.
I saw it three times.
I think it's a good movie.
Thanks for the recommendation.
Three times.
You must have had a lot of time on your hands this weekend.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks, Palli.
Wow, it must be his whole house must be full of fraud.
Oh, you think?
And the good news is we got the definitive guide that's going to drop a copy off at a...
Magnolia?
Of Magnolia for John.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Right, Magnolia, my ass.
I'll go get the book.
I believe it when I see it.
When Josh is watched the whole thing and don't be sleeping in the middle of it, okay?
Well, I hope it shouldn't make me go to sleep, right?
Just thanks, Jack.
Before you, uh...
I told you I got this for you.
Look, I didn't watch Dead Spots in this movie.
I don't think so.
Whatever.
I'm going to watch it.
Don't worry, okay?
But you're watching City of God.
If you watch this, yes.
Okay.
I was going to tell you that again.
Which you already told me that they give a JZ or a D.
A little Z or a PZ or a little Z or a old big Z or just watched it for the third time.
Now they get really polling in it too.
Oh, twice.
A college professor and his wife have been charged with being long time illegal agents of human
president Fidel Castro.
Oh my God.
The Associated Press is learning.
Thank you, Blitz.
Documents for today.
You must have just record show.
Isn't everybody communist?
I thought so.
Anybody who's not like a right-wing card-carrying Nazi?
Little Z.
Documents today show that Carlos Alvarez,
a psychology professor at Florida International,
FI and you and his wife Elsa Alvarez,
have been charged with acting as agents of Cuba without registering with the US government is required.
Now I understand why Miguel is under so much stress.
The two are scheduled to make an initial appearance today before US magistrate judge Andrea Simon to the court of the documents.
An indictment further describing the charges was expected to be unsealed after the court appearance.
Alvarez identified as the on the FIU website as an associate professor in educational leadership
and policy studies department.
Elsa Alvarez described as coordinator in the social work training program specializing in psychological treatment,
probably brainwashing the court of them, Christ is intervention in group psychotherapy.
Alvarez did not return two full messages left in his office, not in his wife.
A university spokesman also didn't return civil custody to come as an adult.
US attorney R. Alexander R. Costa, the FBI and the Naval Criminal Investigative Service,
scheduled a news conference later today to discuss the case.
The indictment marks the latest certainly cloaked and dagger underworld of espionage between the US and Cuba.
Much of it taking place in South Florida where thousands of Cuban ex-vows and other misfits live.
Honey like that, green teeth, domino playing, alien loving,
communist discremen, homophobic closet pit pipe,
all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all of these, all
Yeah. Yeah. Okay, great. Okay, Mo, WiQam. Okay. Smug, W trivial, other business persons who are there be they're not lonely. Can I call Miss
Meal. Yes, I need this poll. Murdered. Seven years.. Fair here a bull dye. wiled-by, cr Dua-yooim.
Hello
Viag. Family
Shodgrowth
So come on now.
Oh, we're gonna should even confirm here's their poll yes, 49% no 30% on sure 21%.
That's their initial pool here on CNN.
Let's see, let's see.
Let's see, let's see, let's see, let's use our mainstream 52%.
It's two extreme 30% don't know 18%.
How do they, why are they taking this now before the hearings just starting now?
Minutes ago.
Shut up, puppy.
I see.
Maybe that's why they're taking them before the public finally gets on to them.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hello.
Sir, oh God.
W.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
I know wonderful.
I see they say I know something I knew it.
House phone itself.
He's got to get up to the two runs working today.
You're your buddy really is.
W.A.M. Hello.
Yeah, what did you play the mother right?
Bankrum.
Yeah.
I think that was a great move.
I said that a great plot.
Malice?
Yeah.
You thought the ending was good?
No, the ending move, but the ending was horrible.
Yeah, the movie was kept me riveted for all the way through and then the ending sucked.
Now, who was the guy to play the sucker?
Jeff Daniels?
Right.
Now, when Baldwin went into the God thing, you know, who is the stepbran?
Right, right.
George, George, he's got what's sitting there like passed out, right?
Absolutely.
All right, thanks, Neil.
Okay.
That was a good scene.
The re-indignant and verio, you know, and you know, he was the doctor and doctors are God.
He said he was God, but a beep, but a boop, but a beep.
And he made them sure that they got the, you know, that he lost the case.
And she got the $20 million settlement from the insurance company.
And then it turns out they were in cohoots.
Oh, I don't want to spoil it for you.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I'll forgive the movie.
It's 93.
It's called Malice.
You enjoyed it.
And it's got a full watch.
I'll give it a watch.
It's got a cool Kim and Zahanson there.
I love her eyes.
Well, here you go.
And the front side too.
And, well, it's got a few other parts in there too.
I don't recall like a whole lot, but it's got just on a few of the right parts.
Haven't seen a part of that.
I don't like it.
How many QAAM?
Hello.
Two at a year?
Yes, sir.
Me, no.
Five and a half hours of commercial free highwood stern today.
Yes, starts commercials tomorrow, yeah.
Oh, one, they have a one, one minute commercials.
Yeah.
Six of them an hour.
Uh-huh.
Oh, my God, Neil.
Well, at least you got an author I love in 30.
Then you got the wrap-up show.
So I'm with you about about two minutes.
That's that's too much.
Cut it down about half.
Let me QAAM.
Hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
I don't understand how come you don't go big time.
Don't ask your men.
They're going to go national.
Wait, the magic one.
Here.
You're going to pull for you and just went to the national.
You're going big time.
You're on serious.
You're on X-Tab.
You're on our pop-up toe series.
Careful, I'm so clear about this.
You're on many meals, sweetheart.
Let's come down.
5.16.
QAAM.
God, for real.
You run him up in Boca-Tica, slapping old women with painted lips around the pole.
I listened to the Neil Rogers one to two hours.
Yeah, I mean, I listened to the Neil Rogers here in balance one to two hours.
I'm going to pull for you and just go.
I'm going to pull for you and just go.
I'm going to pull for you and just go.
I'm going to pull for you and just go.
I'm going to pull for you and just go.
I'm going to pull for you and just go.
I'm going to pull for you and just go.
I'm going to pull for you and just go.
I'm going to pull for you and just go.
I'm going to pull for you and just go.
I'm going to pull for you and just go.
I'm going to pull for you and just go.
I'm going to pull for you and just go.
I'm going to pull for you and just go.
I'm going to pull for you and just go.
And since our country is founding, we've tried to keep governments heavy hand.
But there's a lot of offers you.
I'm sure we do the most important thing, which is to protect those who can't protect themselves.
And the debate raging today is about whether we'll continue along that path or whether our courts will continue to be in,
whether our courts will be continue to be one of the places where society have pushed a little guy.
And I know this is not the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
We're going the same thing.
Hello?
Yes.
Neil, hey.
I have to just send the movie.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
I saw it Friday.
right now at 1-800 mattress. If your mattress is more than 10 years old, I guarantee you
it's sagging, lumpy, bumpy, it's time for a new one. And when you call the
Adam mattress, you'll choose from the complete line all the top names,
Celi and Serta, Simmons, King Coral, Tempropidic, Stearns and Foster, Hewitt.
He could do it. The Adam mattress takes same day orders all day long from
kettle to store it, from Palm Beach to Ford Myers, and you still pick the date,
and to our delivery window, that's continued for you when you want your
arm mattress delivered. And to make it part of their delivery record on time
99.7% of the time, which is why I've used them for years, and most of the folks
if you, or don't even some of the ones who aren't too bright. So start off a
new year right with a new mattress from Dialometrist. Don't put off getting a
better nights sleep one more minute. Pick up that phone right now and give them a
call. You don't have to leave your house waste a lot of gas, a lot of money, a
lot of time. Just what easy call? 1-800 mattress or on their website, you can do
your shopping right on there at mattress.com. Dialometrist 1-800-MATTRES, leave off
the last one as because it stands for Sensational Saving.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.6.2.8.
Holy Makinon, this is Joe Boron, the voice of the Toronto Maple Eats, and you're
listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God. Are you tired of the same old same old
wood it comes to ice cream parlors? Yeah, boy! Well, you're in luck from the
company that brought you the successful ice cream chain.
Basket Robin's 31 flavors brings you the first ever inner city ice cream
parlors from public enemies number two rapper introducing Basket Robin's 31
flavor flades. Yeah, boy! That's right. At 31 flavor flades we
pulled a little sultan sultan in a ordinary ice cream. Instead of a boring old
chocolate at 31 flavor flades it's called Scoop a Chocolate Bits. Yeah, boy!
And let's not forget about the scrumptious treat Rocky Roadmother.
There's also Neapolitan Kikis my Blackass. Strawberry can suck my ghetto
f***ing in our brand new flavor. Moostracks up on your white ass. Yeah, boy!
31 flavor flaves where our motto is Stop being a Grab a Scoop.
Bitch, 118. You ever have moostracks? Just this morning.
I'll be damned. Uh oh, more bad news from Rackers and Update and this seems
to be- Why don't you ever read any of the good news from a rank? Here's uh
seems to be the deal lately you start out with one number early in the name
this keeps their growing they just have to keep putting the body parts together.
One, two, three. Exactly. Two suicide car bombs exploded outside of
our back heavily guarded interior ministry in Baghdad today killing at least 20
wounding more than 25 many of them policemen. Last time is more than 14
civilian vehicles. The interior ministry is located next to the police
academy where a ceremony parade celebrated the 84th anniversary of the
formation of the formation of the Iraqi police force was taking place at the
time of the blast. And they like that. I don't- I think maybe they'll like
take a little hiatus from parades and public demonstrations.
Yeah, but although I love a parade but nevertheless how can freedom be on the
mark if we can't mark? As a matter of fact when you come right down to it
why do people watch parades in the front? You know I- I hope we had yesterday
it over the weekend. Maybe it's the important events. Huh? Maybe it's for the kids
I don't know. Oh we want to see the floats. We like to see the floats.
Yay. Now what parade was it was it on Thanksgiving where somebody damn
you got killed in Detroit with the Macy's parade?
What are those? Remember knocked one of the street lights uh whatever
on their head whatever the hell it was. Well I don't know it's one of those
things that the people are into don't ask me why it's like religion right. They're
into it heavy duty but I haven't got a clue why. Maybe they're a fear of death.
That just could be it. Or maybe they're just stupid. Here's the poll.
What's your number one answer to this? Most people are stupid. 138. There you go. That's why
the religions have a field day. 464 votes. Stupid 138. A hole is 83. Dishon 77. Most people are just
good playing hard work in decent folk aren't they? Yeah okay. No. Hipper Crit 74. One dimensional.
One dimensional's got. But third man. Reasonable 24. Bigots 9. Rude 6. That's starting to
pay. Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger received 15 stitches on his lip yesterday. After he and his 12
year old son were involved in the motorcycle accident near the LA homage spokesman said.
Schwarzenegger was riding a Harley Davidson motorcycle with his son Patrick in the sidecar
with another driver back into the street. The governor was unable to avoid the vehicle in his
path to lead at low speed. Both Schwarzenegger and his son were treated for cuts and bruises.
I'm joking about it. St. John's Hospital in Santa Monica released. Both were wearing helmets
at the time. The other driver unindured. Aren't you excited about that? I eat great. I'm a great
one. I wonder what Pat Robertson has to say about that. That was a warning from God is what it was.
What got saved him from it being anyway. That was a warning from the Lord. You better cut your crap
Arnold. Okay. Or you're going to be next. You and Hugo Chavez.
I was thinking of 85 million reasons not to go on cruise ships. The other good thing is if you
like have some kind of a misstep on a cruise ship. I don't read a cause. Be an EMS NBC staff will be
there for weeks on in afterward. Try to piece together the history. Oh, she is just brutal. It's
unspeakable. She's unspeakable. But I'm going to tell you something as bad as she is compared to
the Mori and Connie show which debuted yesterday. She's like an award winner. You're peeking like
curiosity about that. I just couldn't believe it. I watched about two minutes. Oh, like what
I had to ask me if I saw the thing with Mattie McConaughey and Terry Bradshaw on there.
And then he told me he liked it. And I didn't I watched about a minute of it to see what the
hell it was. And it was pathetic. Did you see a charge? No, they got. Oh, first of all,
anything Terry Bradshaw is involved in is got to be so stupid and so illiterate and so ignorant.
It's just it's indescribable. And then this is what they're appealing to you. See, I just don't
understand. In other words, if I'm a football fan, which I am, I have to be that dumb. Is that
the deal? Is that the message that the neighbors are telling me that I have to be a moron and watch
these x-josh slap at each other on the back and high five and then yuck it up and fake arguments
back and forth. And there's Jimmy and his Johnson who just rake it in the cash. Lack on up his ass,
you know, what a foamy he is. Jimmy's Johnson. He sure talks to the game. No,
bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap, you know, you're full of crap Jimmy, okay?
Anyway, the cruise ships get back to that. Officials were searching Saturday for a 15-year-old girl
from Ireland, who they said fell off a ship near Isla, Mojeres, the olive women. Is that what that
is? My favorite island, right? A Caribbean island near Cancun is popular with tourists does.
Isla, Mojeres, or like Santa. Oh, man. Very, very, very. Where do the Spaniards get that from?
I think they had a movie. I think the king had a, like a frog. They had what it was. I can just throw it.
Maybe Isabella. Maybe she had some, she thought, you know, it was something interesting, but it's not.
The Costa Magica cruise ship was 26 miles away from the island the pre-dawn hours Thursday.
When the teenager fell off the Caribbean according to the ship's captain, Giuseppe Russo.
Giuseppe Russo. So schmalsy, man. Russo identified the victim as Lindsay O'Brien. Did not.
What are with these names, you know? Like I'm watching a football games over the weekend.
What are these names? I just don't get it. I guess there are too many people named Mary and Bob and Tom
and John and the boring names. So we got to come up with something fancy like that Vokabrins.
We need something fancy. Lindsay O'Brien and didn't divulge her hometown.
Newspapers and they missing teens native Ireland's fellow reverse name, LYNSEY, however,
and reported she was from Dublin. He spelled it LYN. Lindsay like Lindsay, but it's from Dublin.
Maybe she was Dublin or Pleasure. Rob Seek conditions that slowed the surge sedge in
Errol Medina, a federal official at the office of the poor captain on East Lamel's Hattest.
While their rescue efforts continued via Mexican coast guard helicopters, officials were no
longer optimistic about finding her alive. Guess where the ship led from on January the first?
Out of the port? A lot per day? No, it's the one for Lauderdale. On January I want
trying to spend a week visiting sites in the so-called River Amaya near Cancun before heading to Cuba.
It had been scheduled to arrive at the island of Crosumelles south of East Lamel Hattest early
Thursday morning, but was delayed because of the surge. The Italian fact, a flag coast
of magic is part of the fleet of Crosum's cruises, which is controlled by my enemy-based Carnival
Corp, the world's largest cruise operator, slept him in a Mickey baby, how do you like that?
Another one bites at us. And they still haven't found that guy that, well,
all the blood in the room and the big, they're fighting the brawl and everything,
you know, that guy that disappeared? Right. Still haven't found his ass or the rest of me,
either. Oh no, you're wrong, Neil. There's no vacation like going on a cruise, man. There's
nothing like cruising it. Yeah, I've been cruising. Remember those years long ago when some people
used to be cruising this game Boulevard till 3, 4, 5 in the morning. Remember those years?
Not George though. Hey, there was something out there for everybody. And of course now there's
like a different disease out there for everybody. I'm thinking. They're still like hookers on
this game Boulevard and not. You know how out of touch I am. Do you think? I don't know.
Well, how do I would you know? You never on this game Boulevard? That's way, I would say you're
probably about as far south right now. No, I take that back. Now you're going to, now you're going
to have to get a passport when they move the station. That's true. That's because I'm moving
the railroad. Well, what? Huh? I go over here to Best Buy all the time, but this is about as far
south as I get as I go. No, but what is it? 150 something that's because I forget that's on
the outside. It's like a hundred and eighty eighty-nine something there less. Oh, it's only a few
blocks down the road down to Hershey Highland. Like just through with the 90 gardens. It's like one block.
Well, I mean, don't you think I know I was there as a lot of times to pick up my packs and checks
when I wasn't working when they were paying like a 404 or 180 plus or like that? Maybe Joe Goe is
going to have the good news for me to go to pay me for next three years, but no work. Maybe once
in a while at Camille, I guess the parents, like you're holding on the fort. Right. Hold it up
for two or three or like. What do you think? Anything that's a good idea? No. Hey, if you're at a dead-end
job and underpaid like poor Josh Cortes, I hope I can get some good news on your raises.
Parents talk about your raise yet. It's already the ninth of January. What do you think? No.
Well, don't let me forget now. You know, you're sitting there when clearance comes in every
morning. If he happens to show up tomorrow, I'm sure he will. Put his feet to the fire. Okay.
I'll help you. Like I have all along. I'll like put a gun to his head. They cut the crap clearance.
You idiot. You're quizzling. You ferry. If you're underpaid and then in job, if you news
resolution is a high-paying career, then you better act now. Pick up the phone and call fast
train right now at 1-866-FAST-TRAIN. Because fast-tracking gets you trained already for that new
high-paying career just a few months. Turn your life around, baby. That's right. I've
obtained your new high-paying career just a few short months. The demand for medical coding
specialist and computer professionals right now is at an all-time high. Fast-trained offers convenient
day evening and weekend classes, job placement assistants and financial aid for people to qualify.
So pick up that phone and call fast train at 1-866-FAST-TRAIN. Fast trains placed over 100 people
just like you in 2005. Check fast train out on the web at fast train.com. But you better
act now to obtain that new high-paying career because classes are filling up fast. They'll
miss the train of opportunity this year. Call 1-866-FAST-TRAIN. This year make that new
years resolution a reality by making that call 1-866-FAST-TRAIN. I'm sure you'll tell them that
Todd Dreck told you to call. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62 AF.
They're killed them. This station presents real American heroes.
Today we salute you Mr. Egghead, jeopardy contestant.
Mr. Egghead, jeopardy contestant.
User are endued with the God-given gift to respond to questions that are actually answers
with answers that are actually questions.
And you get every single one right.
Yes, you've accumulated a vast fortune, Mr. Egghead, jeopardy contestant.
With a head full of knowledge and a fistful of butter.
And you're a whole lot more near than Alex.
So the next time you think you're smart enough to be on that show,
clap your brains on the couch and drop your jaw.
It's a loot to Mr. Egghead, jeopardy contestant.
A real American hero.
Sorry, form of a question please.
27-2. What's a really bad show on at 7-30 every night?
What's your authorized spying skills into Lolito hearings?
I know it's over my head.
You were said, huh?
There actually is a jeopardy,
a star machine game, by the way.
Is there?
Yeah, I haven't played it.
In fact, they're like almost, you name a TV show like sitcoms and all this other crap.
And there's like, really, slot games.
Yeah, three companies.
There's what family feud?
Okay.
Maybe I'll start trying them different games.
What do you think?
Might improve your luck?
Yeah, or now?
Or crush it, right?
US senators challenging Samuel Lolito Supreme Court nomination
are focusing on a potentially combustible issue
to raise the confirmationary starting today,
the limits of presidential power.
For the next several days, the members of this committee will question you
to find out what kind of justice you will be.
Senator St. Alito, is that pretty profound?
Oh, yeah.
These are the opening statements again, total wasted time.
Senator St. Alito's writings and dozing their strong executive have taken new significance
since the disclosure that dictator George W. Bush authorized
eavesdropping on Americans without court approval.
See, here's another rarer.
How many reasons have we got for Bush to be impeached now?
About third, man.
I would say at least.
Right.
And in the meantime, but a bit, but a boop, but about
when he's in a rose garden this morning and talking crap.
Democrats have decided the issue is so politically potent
that they're leaving questions on abortion mainly to Republicans,
a tactic that runs the risk of offending some of their strongest supporters.
The intense focus on presidential powers under some women's rights groups,
which have traditionally played a central role in Supreme Court confirmation hearings.
Another stupid move by the Democrats is usual.
Grasping defeat from the draws of victory, which is their speciality.
New juror.
Even to Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee,
Chairman Arlen Magic Bullard Spector of Pennsylvania, and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina,
say they'll query Alito, they'll query him on the responsibility of the courts to
constrain presidential authority.
The spying raises very fundamental questions about how we proceed together.
Information fundamental questions on privacy and the Bill of Rights
spectruses.
Bill of Rights, what that?
I remember those.
Don't you just a piece, but when you're just a little child.
In fact, that would be a good thing.
I'm doing a poll about things you miss from your childhood.
The Bill of Rights.
There you go.
Free speech.
I like that.
567, are you going to take a couple more calls for this half hour?
That would be really a bad mistake on your part.
Come on.
It'd be nice if we had some.
Well, I've been rambling there, man.
I've been rambling there.
And I will see.
Speaking of that during the next break, the video is up on the website.
The video is up on the website.
How are Dean and Elkley's screen and Howard Dean?
Bear in mind, he asks him one very boring question first about terrorism,
and then they go into the whole Abrahamathan, which is funny to hear.
Wolf's reaction when he doesn't get the answer he wants.
I see.
Like speechless, huh?
Oh, the the side, the heavy breath side.
Too bad, Wolf.
OK, take off the hip boots.
You're out.
567, 0560.
Let's get a thousand calls in between now and two o'clock.
What do you say before the molemeister comes on?
Let's get with it.
Let me QAM.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
I got one people.
OK.
How about those local TV news shows that have their view point or shows?
They come on Sunday morning?
Yeah.
You get tired of those.
They say one of those comes on.
I want to get a rupee and raise my stuff.
I do with our pool.
I understand.
What does that got to do with the pool?
Isn't it a show that you tired of or something or whatever it is?
Yeah, I know.
It's calls that we're tired of.
Like here's shows that you're tired of.
Where do you get that?
Who knows?
Probably you've pulled it out of his back bone.
Ask.
God.
122AM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'll tell you what about that movie, Bearback Mountain.
Right.
Tell me one.
I'll make you a bet.
I wouldn't steer you wrong.
If you go to that movie, you don't
get for clumped.
More than one time.
It's a love story.
Right.
You're in simple.
If they don't like who's love and who, that's their business.
But it's a love story.
How about you dinner at Rupert Steakhouse
if you don't get for clumped before the other movie?
OK.
It's all right.
OK.
We're making a little clump word to what's
seen.
He'll get clumped.
If you say one more time, we're going to get you.
He reached this quota.
Well, he didn't want to say like choked up
and the teardrop and stuff like that.
I got choked up pretty into that one
the other night that imaginary heroes.
OK.
And it wasn't just because Emil Hersh was in it.
They're good acting in that, especially
by a Sigourney Weaver.
And nothing popped out of her stomach either.
Well, I guess Emil did.
Oh, all of a turn out that his daddy wasn't really his daddy.
Oh, I shouldn't have said that.
Oh, that's bad.
You're bad.
Well, it was good.
Everything was excellent.
And the only problem was the ending.
I'm not going to spoil it for you.
But the ending was like it was one of those abrupt turns.
You know, I hate that.
And all of a sudden everybody's happy.
And everybody's smiling.
And they're all dressed real neat and clean.
And the kid graduates from high school.
And he plays the piano up there on the stage.
And they're just, oh, it just, but I guess
after all the grief they put you through,
they needed that.
You know, I did shed a little tear there
toward about 2, 3rds of the way through.
It was kind of sad, you know.
Oh, I have to watch it.
Plus, I could relate to the part about having
a real piece of crap father.
Although it wasn't really his father, but he raised him.
But it wasn't really his biological father.
I know.
Well, boy, would there be a refreshing if you found that out?
What?
That the guy you thought was your dad really wasn't?
Well, what difference does it make?
He still screwed up your life.
That's true.
So all that accident of biology, you know.
Yeah.
Why is it that most guys I know have had horrible fathers?
I don't know.
Not so much women, but men.
I don't know.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Now Josh there, he's got, I don't know about his father.
I don't know.
Aren't your parents divorced?
Yes, they are.
And your father was a good guy.
Oh, see, there you go.
There's one at a stepfather's a good guy.
See, he had two good dads.
We could go on, but he didn't see no good.
That makes up to us.
Yeah.
I'll be damned.
5, 6, 7, your thoughts on your dead dad.
Wouldn't have to be dead.
But of course, if he's alive and you're a man,
ask him, probably, cut you out of the will.
Right.
Right.
In the life.
See, I found out in that obituary that my father died
in a, what do they call it?
Not a nursing.
Maybe it wasn't nursing home.
Hostess.
Was that it?
That's usually where they take it.
Well, what do you mean?
Were they taking, run out the clock?
When there's nothing more they can do for you at the hospital?
I see.
I don't know.
I don't think so.
I think it's like a retirement home.
Where this is the living set.
Where old Jews go.
Yeah, something like that.
Where miserable, hateful old Jews like Hingo.
Where they can trail about that wonderful son
on the radio is such a starly thing.
Anyway, he's rotting somewhere out here into that.
Somebody QIM, hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I want to speak to you.
Speaking.
But now got a movie I would highly recommend.
OK.
Hospital.
And I'm sure George will rather the world
have sex and nudity going on.
All right, all right.
No, as you need to check it out, man.
It's not right now, right?
Yeah, I came up right.
It's very good movie man.
OK, thanks a lot, Pali.
We'll check it out.
All right.
You see it?
It's not, see in Florida when I showed it
the showies and florists felt HOST, ILE.
That's what I thought of HOST, EO, I was in like, huh?
I thought it was a movie about South Florida.
Right, hostile.
No, that one was called MALUS.
That's what I was thinking about before.
With MALUS toward all and the justice toward none,
that's South Florida.
It's just amazing.
I'll go back to what, see, a lot of people
all year so it's sour and you're such a carpet bagger.
You know, 72% of the people I'm in love, they take like 400,000 votes
on at SunCental Pool.
It was like 6,7,000.
And 72% that they either wandered out
or they were working to get out, or they were definitely
leaving South Florida.
72%.
That's not exactly amusing for the Chamber of Commerce's Rear.
This is Neil Roger.
Welcome.
This is 5.62 AF.
Watch mobs and butts and biting.
Absolutely.
I supported Bush after that project day
and to my surprise, this custom shame
he let the Saudis in the lady get away
and shifted the blame to the dog who saved me.
Right, right, right.
We're up to pie in my rack.
They have a bag.
They're not the ones who are tired.
They have a bag.
What's going on with this bag?
They're what you're pie in my rack.
Because all the workers are having a fine.
As a strength, we've got good boy talent.
You know, with lovely brothers
that only just be time for the RGP and Hello Bertram.
We believe in sending our kids to the DAW
and we're doing love works.
To support this guy in advance,
they just simply must be the reason why.
They believe George Williams is Jesus Christ.
They're what?
We're up to pie in my rack.
They have a bag.
They're not the ones who are tired.
They have a bag.
What's going on with this bag?
They have a bag.
They're what you're pie in my rack.
Boy, George, why don't you take so many vacations?
It's hard work.
It's hard work.
Everybody knows it's hard work.
It was all out of hard work.
I see on the TV screens how hard it is.
Yeah.
In Bearback, Mama, I discovered it was hard work too.
146.14 built too.
It's pretty sad.
Pretty sad, America is like,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, like that.
While all these innocent people are dying.
For no reason whatsoever,
but nevertheless, we've got a Wolflet's Creek under.
Nice going, Eric.
You've got the Wolflet's Creek.
How a Dean Clip Bunner.
Mark, and we'll move it down to where the other video stuff is
when it loses its freshness.
I see.
OK, like a scurran.
Well, that's what I heard.
I heard he lost their freshness a few years ago.
About 30, man.
Yeah.
Anyways, right under the pool.
OK, take a look at it.
It'll give you a chuckle.
OK, to see how desperate Wolflet's Creek is.
That goose stepping, a pedantic jackass on CNN.
Yeah, I just watched it.
It's pretty good.
Yeah, good.
I'll watch it right after the show.
I don't want to give this back to them.
We've got a big high-pay Joe here, man.
And before we finish today, just to be not
be outdone by Stern, we're going to say the F word.
How do you like that?
Byers Matter Effect already had a set of doing every break.
I didn't say on the ear necessarily.
Fondue.
The round-of-clock availability that cell phones and pages have brought
to people's lives may be taking a toll on family life.
A new study suggests those who just love the people who take studies like this.
The study was followed more than 1,300 adults over two years
from those who consistently use a mobile phone or a pager throughout the study period
were more likely to be for a negative spillover between work and home life
and in turn less satisfaction with their family life.
Spillover simply means that the line between work and home begins to blur.
Work life may invade home life when a patient parent is taking
job related calls at home, for example, or household issues may start to take up work time.
In the latter scenario, a child may call mom at work not to say that he
is English test, but that the microwave exploded.
Yeah, the problem with cell phones and pagers seems to be that they're allowing
forever more spillover between work and home.
That's slop over.
According to the findings published in the Journal of Marriage and Family,
one of my favorite, not this maybe especially through for working women
to study found.
Among men, consistent use of mobile phones and pagers seem to allow more
work issues to keep into family time, but for women to spill over tend to go
in both directions.
Being connected means that work cut into home time and family issues seeped
in the work life.
It's a steeper man.
Nothing worse than having a seeping problem.
Did I arrive at?
Just this morning?
Oh man.
Yeah, we already heard about the Moose Tracks.
Despite a widely held belief that neocons, many of them Jewish,
are behind the war in Iraq about 70% of American Jews now oppose the war,
according to a new survey released by the American Jewish Committee.
And that guy in Israel, Meshipipik, the survey also found that 60% of Jews in the West
did not approve the Bush administration's handling of the campaign against
terrorism.
How come it's only 60?
How to be like 95?
You know what?
Back in 2002, before the Iraq war, almost 60% of American Jews approved
a Bush's handling of terrorism and supported military action moved Sodom.
The Jewish publication of Ford reports.
But by the fall of 2003, after the Iraq attack, only 43% of Jews in the West
approved the war, and 41% had a favorable view of the campaign against
terrorism.
And the latest poll conducted by market facts only 28% that they support the war,
28% of Jews.
And you know who they are, don't you?
It's like Jew Lieberman.
And Richard, all those are right-wingers.
And Miss Drudge, self-hating queens.
Among those poll, 26% said they're, this is the thing I find amazing.
26% said they're extremely conservative, conservative, or slightly conservative,
29% said they're moderate, which means that 45% said they're liberal.
And that surprised you?
Well, I forgot that liberal is a dirty word now.
Sorry, 40% said they're not like that.
Forkot, what was the word that God kept using forklempt?
Forklempt.
They're forklempt.
Oh, I'm speaking to Jews.
Let's start to do a whole Jewish show segment here.
What do you say?
Boy!
You go, girl.
Everyone who worships at the Tabernacle quickly learns three facts about its deeply conservative
pastor in Danville, Virginia.
He comes from a broken home.
He rides a canary yellow Harley.
And he loves the Jews.
He's like Barbara Stubley.
I love the Jewish people.
I love my love, my love.
Feet, she actually was saying that on the early night.
I mean, just that way.
I love my love, the Jewish people.
And she, oh boy.
She also loves Senator Hill in the kitchen, but nevertheless.
There's some murmuring about the motorcycle, but the 2500 members of this Bible,
believing, traditionally expecting Southern Baptist Church in Southern Virginia,
haven't raised everything else about the Reverend Lamar, Mooney Ham.
That's his name.
Mooney Ham.
Mooney Ham or Mooney Ham?
Mooney Ham with an M. Ham is an asian band eggs.
Out of his painful childhood experiences, Mooney Ham 57, preaches passionately about the importance
of home.
Out of his reading of the Bible, he preaches with equal passion about God's continuing
devotion to the Jewish people.
And God's devoted to him.
That's why somebody even has been slaughtered throughout the years because he likes testing
everybody all the time.
How's that test going?
Not too good.
Can they yet?
No.
I feel jealous sometimes this term that keeps coming up in the old book, The Chosen, The Chosen,
since the minister was made, three tricks to Israel, and named his son Isaac Jacob and Joseph.
I'm a pardoned Gentile, but I'm not one of the chosen people.
They're the apple of his eye.
I think he probably means some of them are right into the core.
Scholars of religion called this worldwide, final cemeterism, the opposite of anti-semitism.
It's a burgeoning phenomenon in an evangelical Christian churches across the country,
a hot topic in Jewish historical studies, and a wellspring of support for Israel, and
that guy over there who's breathing on his own today, breathing heavily, but nevertheless,
and many Jews are nervous about evangelicals and tensions in recent weeks, leaders of three
of the nation's largest Jewish groups, the anti-deformation, the American Jewish committee,
and the union for reform Judaism, have decried what they see as a mounting threat to the
separation of church and state from evangelicals emboldened by the belief they have an ally
in the White House and a chance to shift the Supreme Court.
Make no mistake, we're facing an emerging Christian right leadership that intends to
Christianize all aspects of American life from the halls of government to the libraries,
to the movies to recording studios, to the playing fields in locker rooms,
from the military to SpongeBob SquarePants, the ADL's National Director Abraham H. Foxman
said in November 3rds, but I didn't even know SpongeBob was Jewish.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 A.M.
tracks 2.04
St. Jeb zuys
Big,
For the place we know
And name a madame fell
Whose first name begins with us
There's one thing we all understand
Alcatamone will be finished
Until we blow up Pakistan
We could chase him round forever
With our tanks and all our troops
With special forces our retired
Of jumping through them moves
Stop, stop
You told me need another place
Absolutely
So let's cut out all the nonsense
And we'll blow up Pakistan
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, right
Now pay the needs and nuclear pay
Why don't he stop pussy food
And we'll blow up Pakistan
I'm dying out of here
Oi, boom, boom, boom, boom
Boom, boom, get free on, big number five
For the Montreal Canadian
I wonder if he's still dead
I think he's still dead
I think he's alive, I don't know
574 votes on the poll today
It'll be really fascinating
Here's a good reason to stay tuned to see if Moe is as surly as I'm told he was on Friday
To see if the hangover lasted the tongue over for the weekend
Man extra surly extra psychotic and extra cheese and pappy rooney man
And you're supposed to play all for me
But don't do it
Oh
Here's our poll so far today
What's you have to answer this?
We're awfully cynical
You know most people are just average run of the mill people just trying to make a living
Must for the 11
Right?
Yeah, except down here
Trying to fake their way through life
Most people are stupid 170
That was my vote
No, that was your vote
That was even more cynical than you were
170 say stupid
Decent 109
See there is there is the nice genteel gentile approach
Most people are decent
They're okay
A hole 95
Tempercrits 85
And then it's a big drop down
One dimensional 35
Reasonable 27
Root is moving up nicely 11
If you've been in South Florida more than five minutes you'll discover
Biggest 9
Lifeless 7
Purbrit 7
Ugly 7
And jerks
Soldamentate Cinco
Cinque
Most of them are coming up next
Mad Dog at 4
Curtis Stevenson at 7
Any K 10 o'clock tonight
Bye bye bye
