Now you know what you've been talking about, you're doing this show from out of town.
Yeah.
It's all the stress out of it.
Is that it?
Not around all the stuff.
Why hear that echo, man?
Big time.
Sounds like we got, oh, that's ridiculous.
Maybe I spoke too soon.
Just a little bit.
What, what is that?
You can't hear that?
This is getting very stressful.
It's nearly there.
You can't hear me at all?
Can you guys hear me?
Oh, yeah, I hear you, but you can't hear me.
And I'll hear this.
Okay.
It's ridiculous, reverber.
But apparently you have a board on to the world.
Yeah.
So we can't make the link from Tulsa to Toronto?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I hear you.
Hello world, it's QAM again.
And I'm here it is.
Big loud reverb.
Anyway, we tried.
Neil Rogers coming up, folks.
I'm sure he'll have something meaningful to say.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Going twice.
Going twice.
We're out of here.
Neil Rogers coming up.
Thanks everybody for today.
We will see you again on Monday tomorrow.
The Dolphin Digest guys will be in the do the show and they'll be talking draft the
course.
Don't forget our draft show at 10 o'clock Saturday morning.
QAM time right now is 10 a.m.
The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts, guests and collars.
Does anybody hear me or we're out on here?
There's that echo back again.
I'm going back to bed.
I'm out for nothing.
I don't know what it is.
I'm out for a little bit.
I'm out for a little bit.
I'm out for nothing.
I'm out for nothing.
I'm out for nothing.
I'm out for nothing.
I'm out for nothing.
I'm out for nothing.
I'm out for nothing.
I'm out for nothing.
I'm out for nothing.
I'm out for nothing.
Don Rumsfeld is doing a fine job.
And I like the idea of blowing up lost seconds.
Yeah, that's a city of sin anyway.
Funny how everyone is going there just now.
Hey, where's the Virgin Mary?
Who's in Moral Sandwich, the pirate friend.
She makes great sandwiches.
That's because she uses real helmets.
They are not that fine.
I hear voices.
Moral support there.
Is that you?
They call me a sput.
And, uh, the night's rules look like a dog today.
I already be gotten some.
I'm the designer.
Or, it's tour looks sexy when he dresses like a cool Russian woman.
I like the noise of voices.
Voice of voices.
Voice of voices.
Oh, brother, I'm wearing her voice is alright.
Echo is, uh, twice or three times.
Huh?
All of it placed.
Well, what was that all about?
Yeah, yes, convey.
We still don't know.
Every day we set new lows in broadcast history.
Now you understand what I mean.
Now was I actually going out on the year when I was going on?
Or what was the deal?
Because Hank obviously couldn't hear me, right?
And I'm hearing this read a lot of reverb.
I mean, it was like just.
What was that?
We don't know.
Probably somebody in the control room,
from poaching around again, probably Lady Martez.
I think your ass.
Our settings were set the way they're always set.
Our settings were set, right?
And we heard the results.
And I was here and the Humper I guess thought I shined him or something.
I don't know what he was thinking.
Well, I think he knows exactly what happens when things like that happen.
How would he know that?
Because he works here.
Don't tell me it's the Q&M F and way.
Is that what you're going to say?
Did you just hear that part?
God.
I beg your pardon?
Good.
Oh, see, here's one for today's poll.
Some of you just facts.
And look, look at that.
Just relax.
Okay.
Mr. Unsigned, the Suggester.
Wow.
That was the epitome of what's going on here, man.
And of course, we got the big winner rating book coming out Tuesday morning 1130.
That should be really...
Oh, no!
Y'all be again today two to four.
If you didn't get enough of Geldy yesterday, you got more today, two to four.
Oh, God.
Mad Dog at the sofa.
Kings between four and seven.
That hurricane hotline is seven.
Nobody listens to that.
Curious eight to ten.
That he can't at ten o'clock tonight.
No ball game.
Marlon's won a game last night.
Right turn to your Florida Marlon.
Seven to five right there in Chicago.
We're going to be pigly field.
And the good news is the game went on.
Clarence tells me, kill six.
So instead of like five hours ago, we only had four.
Yeah, that was...
That thing we just had there.
That's the epitome of what's going on out of this new regime.
We always had our problems before, but now it's just...
No, it's just...
It's the same times about three, I would say.
It's worse.
Much worse.
Because at least in the past they didn't pretend that they knew what they were doing.
They just showed up with a bad haircut in the Brooks Brothers suit.
But this guy walks around.
Hey, pali!
In fact, he reminds me of that high up pali.
Hi, pali!
The old flat hand and a pad on the back always be very wary.
When that pad on the back, it's a little bit low.
Right, pali!
It's almost same be nervous about that.
Be very be afraid.
Oh, speaking of being afraid, thank you again Mr. President for your low gas prices.
He's got to do something about it.
Have you just relaxed?
ExxonMobil, the world's largest publicly traded oil company.
Today reports quarterly profit has surged driven by rising oil prices.
And of course that lays bare either this whole lie about wealth,
because the emissions standards and the refining of a right.
Net income in the first quarter for ExxonMobil was $8.4 billion.
That was their net income, the first quarter.
I think I'm feeling nauseous again.
Revenue jumped to $88.98 billion from $82.05 billion last year.
There are $6 billion and you people are paying through the nose in the old hose.
Chew!
Whatever you call it, there, at the pump.
You're getting pumped.
Crude oil prices have risen steadily from about $20.00 of barrel in 2002 to over $75 last week,
and banned our bushes rub it as high-likes together as so happy.
But the fat profits of angered U.S. drivers grappling with rising gas prices
and promote chart criticism of big oil from lawmakers and consumer advocates
and one of these days they're going to get around to do something about it.
They're going to just grab the tiger by the tail and swing it.
So if I were you, I'd boycott ExxonMobil.
I'd be on the other day.
What a jerk.
What an idiot with that chaining oil.
Boycott, don't drive.
Okay, get out your bicycle.
Get out your little moped.
A little moped needs gas too, but never to laugh.
That's right.
What doesn't run on gas?
How much will we talk yesterday about maybe the kids with us?
What did they call them, Josh?
The scooters?
No.
The heeles.
The heeles.
Oh yeah, yeah.
The heeles.
You get to see them.
You get you a pair of heeles and just zip your way right off to school and to work in wherever.
What do they call it?
A golf cart.
Zip yourself right to downtown Miami because I understand that's the cultural center.
That's the epitome of the universe.
Yeah, George got a chance to see that fact this morning from yesterday and just had a good belly laugh.
In fact, that inspired me for tomorrow's poll of downtown.
And because I'm sure that most of you right now are on your way to downtown.
Let me do your shopping and drop it.
You have a plop and oh yeah.
I can't wait to get back to town so I can check out all the new paradise in downtown Miami.
All the buildings and the big shopping mall.
Oh my god.
See all the new homeless people down there?
It's going to be real tweed.
Here's yesterday's poll.
See, this is what got Mitch from South Beach angry.
That's what inspired him because I'm giving out bad information and my numbers are in the tank and I'm going down the queue.
Although it's possible because you know when you're on the Titanic you made me a real good swimmer but that didn't help you too much.
Because once it hit rock bottom, rock bottom, that was the end of that.
But Tuesday morning we'll find out and we'll find out if everybody's really going across over to the stint.
Not that it has anything to do with our audience because we don't do a sports show.
So the fact that these people are obsessed have like a nervous craft about seven, 90 every day.
We don't really care about them that much because I'm still confident they're not going to be doing.
They'll never crack a tooth or a midday a man no chance.
But we'll see Tuesday morning if they're doing it.
That's what Jimmy Cifilis is telling people and Joe Rose and all the other people that work over there.
What best describes most of the South Florida residents we have 1600 seven vote.
Brained dead that was my vote and it wins hands down your pants 270.
Brained dead.
Now it's too bad we didn't have two other categories because I couldn't spell.
I couldn't spell that one and I also blew blew blew blew blew.
Yeah we couldn't spell that one either.
My blue A-hole 247.
What I tell you Josh.
Yeah you're right.
Lay that addition to somebody called in with that one and the A-hole went all the way up to second.
I would have voted for that 247.
So many A-holes and so little time in South Florida.
Most of them are on the highway by the way.
Look to your right and look to your left you'll probably see several A-holes.
Illegals on 179 and they're all scurrying away from those construction sites like crazy like cockroaches now.
Good don't come back.
They want to get rounded up but they're not so okay.
Let's keep starting that rumor every day.
Yeah like oh by the way they're coming after you today.
It's a raid.
Right.
In fact they're bringing a big exercise can of that.
Yeah.
That's what they do.
They go after your legal with big cans of raid.
Average 169 but that's that is the highest compliment you could play South Florida average.
169.
If South Florida is average and that tells you a hell of a lot about what's wrong with the USA.
Roode 101.
Roode obnoxiously Roode.
We got a obnoxious separate.
Roode 101 insane 97.
I guess that covers for and a blue.
Put them together.
That's what you got insane.
Find Americans 82.
Good fight up standing Americans just like everybody else.
Just like the people in Massachusetts and Wisconsin.
That's right.
Rejects 80.
I think you're right.
Okay.
Oscar is just he's he's doing it to be true.
Oscar is 65.
Loser is 63.
High-style 62.
Way to go.
I'm not just 42.
Nasty 25.
Schmidt 16.
I was reluctant to put that on there because that's about as low as you can go to call people.
Schmidt but 16 people seven day agree with it.
And anal I mean annel nine.
We agreed you can't say anal so annel nine.
Can you say anal?
I have an anal log watch.
There you go.
I got an anal log watch too as a matter of fact.
Anyway so that's yesterday's poll.
Well look at this.
Speaking of polls people picks its most beautiful people.
Yeah that'll be good.
Guess who topped the list of the top 100.
I'll give you an audio clue.
Okay.
If we let her get to round.
Oh that's for the female angel.
Yeah.
We'll miss saying that and we'll leave this baby is our boy.
She is not the most beautiful woman in the world but nevertheless so.
And I would go ahead with this.
I didn't get right into the rest of this.
She's got that pregnant glow but well I love you give me today's poll for it.
Yeah pregnant glow.
I've been insulated to Katie Holmes for a while.
I should have warned me before you still trying to figure out who the father is.
Okay Susan the Collins.
She talks like that.
I can't believe how critical I said.
She's in college.
She's in college.
They sounded her from Maine and not quite so I'm like the Republican.
I'm a low government.
She talks a little like you're a member.
I look a little like a two as a matter of fact.
Just different.
I think that's you leave them in with a wig isn't it?
You're a authority with you.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think that's what I think.
I think that's what I think that's what I think that's what I think.
But then all of a sudden after I did all the appropriate things and made sacrifice to chicken, sacrifice to chicken and put my mousuzza on the door frame, all of a sudden things cleared up just fine.
Rick Weaver, he got my vote.
Mr. Weaver don't make mistakes.
He was good.
He wasn't maybe the nicest guy that ever came down the pipe.
He's funny right out of his mouth.
He was at a point.
At a point.
I could have asked that he went to be to me.
I wonder where he isn't.
He was on clear straight right now.
Rick Weaver 85, 86.
He was the signature voice of the dolphins and sports and he was a real pro.
And of course nobody cares whether you're I mean only a bunch of idiots.
So we worked with them in IOD so we got to know him a little bit.
The interesting part of it is during the time that he worked at IOD,
I never really had that much dealings with him.
I knew that he built callaries tell me how bad Rick smell.
I never I never smelled him.
He didn't smell like that.
I never know.
I thought right.
I said right.
I said right.
I said right.
I said right.
But then I rugged.
I was finishing because I'm having an carnival and maybe he cleared that problem up.
Maybe did.
But what he after he left one day he came back he act ...
he had moved over to me.
This after his wife died and he moved to Mississippi.
And one day I think it was not a weekend.
And I was in there, like doming stuff and doing some work for the show.
I wonder what had idiot Iowa was back in those days.
And he came in,
he was coming into pickups and stuff for commission for Wetter its end.
And MN he was like my long lost breastusions friend.
I did tell you about.
the the callers and the rick weaver and his wife and I we had the dinner one time and boy
I'll tell you talk about self-absorbed that's all he talked about was rick weaver the whole time yeah I
did this and I did you don't mess with mr. weaver but he was he was a great talent though he really
was misunderstood he's dead now rick weaver 86 that happens to the best of us he's dead I hate this
pole 78 I hate sports 70 see there's that good South Florida hate although in downtown mind
me there's no hate there's just love everywhere love is in the air oh yes who I saw a biography the other
night Andrew Koonan for Ellie how's he doing he's still dead I think that wasn't him that body that
they took out of that houseboat I think it was somebody else Andrew Koonan and I look at that
houseboat I keep thinking all the times we've all driven by that thing I wonder if it's still there
no no remember they think oh did it's staying but I heard yeah the funniest part of it is that they
surrounded the thing and they fired all the you know the gas house and meanwhile he'd been dead for
hours you know the that they can't be too sure you know that let's you know housekeeper who is
like auctioning off the pillows and the whatever they know what they've got yeah he had heard the
gunshot because I guess Koonan figured his time was up when he heard the guy come to the door
and he blew his brains out and they're like all gathered around you know and he's inside dead and I
remember if they didn't even show this it's too embarrassing on the biography show they didn't
show that the first time they came out and said there was nobody in there remember that and that's
because the the smoke that they poured inside they the whatever they call those things uh well it was
so great it created they couldn't see anything then they went back in a second time and they're
oh there he was in bed lied that with his head blowed off Rick weaver 87 I hate this pull 81 I hate
sports 70 Joe angel 47 blood he gets screwed over by the marlins or what he was good I like Joe good
guy good talent and they screwed him bad actually Dave O'Brien's crewman and Dave Vamuist
am I right Josh uh yeah don't yes sunny hers 41 rest in peace look at all the dead people out here
Bill Zimper 39 Dave O'Brien 28 screw you Dave and he talk about an ego more Howard David at 25
that as you got with no ego to talk to dolly vogue shawbied 20 Eric Reed 13 to talk to his teeth
Joe caggy 11 that's quite a common her Geltie's got 11 Oh Holy cow Noelle Len Casper 7 Jeff
Rimmer 6 Mark van der Bier 5 Dave Halberstam 5 although he does since the nasty homie touched every
Purim jugs McDonald for Chris moron three Dave and horns only got three he is boring Jimmy
syphilis tree they've straighter and rich waltz they've straighters the TV voice of your Florida
Panthers he's got none and rich waltz has got none and this is really so he's brutal so that's
so that marlon's one last night yesterday whenever the hell was they won't lose today and I do
believe they come home for a as a Colorado the who they come home against tomorrow I'm not sure
oh come on you know this causes you're not on the payroll anymore don't just jump off the
bed because they're gonna lose over a hundred games or season that's bad I got to hear
somewhere they keep refaxing the schedule so many times like I said they're home against the
Colorado Rockies well maybe they win two or three how about bed of it me too 10 14 don't sit
your sights too high then you'll only be disappointed don't forget this
oh my baby did it he did it he did it
absolutely just two young new boarers never leaning no
oh
accused of beating us for gotten trouble with a lot now they wish they weren't born
watching a curse I in our hills
we'll prove they're innocent now where their lawyers probably will
to the courtroom now
they had a little more warmth for them
to
make sure the poorly got there place on
So somebody faxed in before the show and says also add W-I-O-D's, Mike English to the pool.
Who does the Heat Games on a radio, I guess? Have you ever heard him, Josh?
No. Says I've seen him at the games he looks like a shrub, but when you hear him on the radio,
he's as good as it gets. Kind of like me. He looks like a shrub, but he's as good as it gets on the radio.
That's me. So Mike English, ING, L-I-S, I wonder if he's speaking English.
You think? Probably. I think it might be pronounced English, but what do I know?
Well, it says here ING, L-I-S, okay, then it's English. Oh, now maybe it's L, I don't know, it's not that clear.
You've already put it on there, so let's go with it. It's English.
It's English? See, I thought it was Spanish. Well, anyway. So this most beautiful, and you know,
the only reason I even bother with this area is because, first of all, it's all subjective, but secondly,
they always pick a lot of really marginal people, and there are a lot of people out there who say,
well, what would you know about beautiful women? Trust me, I know a beautiful woman when I see one,
and it can be even more objective about it, but nevertheless, so who's the first guy
I'm looking on their website, People magazine, and they don't have the list per se. They want you to
go out and buy the magazine. It hits the newsstands tomorrow, by the way, I'm sure they'll up there
grabbing it and the magazine too. So who's the first guy on here? Isaiah Washington. Do you know who that is?
No. Sounds like a job. He plays a doctor on Grey's Anatomy, and there's a picture of this
dark, complex guy. Now don't get me wrong. There's plenty of fine looking dark, complex guys like Malcolm,
for example, Schramar Moore, but the more I see this guy, the more ugly he looks. He is nasty looking.
Now of course, John says that he would prefer what would have been a white guy, but
what he said? You should have heard what he said yesterday. I'm still trying to get over that.
I still, I don't even want to go there. I'm sure he doesn't either. I can't buy that. Huh?
Stand by it. He said he was glad that the MVP, what the guy, what's got his tonight? Steve
Nash is going to be the MVP. We had the big scoop on that in the NBA, and Josh said he was glad
to see a white guy get it. Awesome. Well, that's because there's only seven white guys in the
whole league. You got to love that. Mike in Melbourne says just got a new card. It came with three
months free of XM radio. It's okay, but the AM reception on the things sucks could be a conspiracy.
They have Major League Baseball broadcast and the promo for the DLA play Dave Van Horn.
I noticed you didn't put yourself on the pole, but at one time you did the Canes Baseball games.
Now I'm not into this padding myself on the back, self-flagulation or self-congradually.
No, that's not my bag. Obviously I did a great job on you and baseball, and I'm an outstanding.
I would do hockey a thousand times better than some of the pretenders, but that's not the
direction I went in because all the elite of X-Jarks were getting their jobs. So I decided,
well, I'm going to do like a little something else and maybe make a few bucks someday and look
how it turned out. Looky, looky here. As my greenery used to say, looky, looky, here comes cookie.
And I still know what that means, but it was cute. Remember what he used to say that? Yeah, I do.
They got package deals. I miss my greenery. Here's a good guy. I guess he was.
Evil Angoria's on here. Very. You'd like this picture, man. Yeah. I like you.
I'm not naked or anything, but she's just lying in a very seductive pose and she looks really
smolty. Evil should put any angle. No, she's like, oh, oh, no. I had some bacon this morning.
It started to like come back a little bit. The next guy here, I'm looking through him.
You have to click these one at a time. You know, click the next button. They got these big pictures.
World's most beautiful people. James Blunt, to be blunt about it, he, I don't, I want to get
to grotesque, but I've had VMs that look better than him. What it is that they've had is, oh,
I don't know what that is. Oh, he topped the charts with your beautiful. Oh, that guy.
Oh, he's a Captain of the Army. He looks like a bad bout of months. That is the worst song that they
play every 30 seconds. Like the song. You look at the music. He's a hot thing. Yeah.
He's beyond sitting along with her. Nothing at all. Not advancing, Robert. See,
how come they can find the beautiful women, but the guys, oh, here's
him. You love this. You love, sorry, you love Heather Lockley in this pose. Yeah, I love,
I love, I love, I love, you got to go to the people because he website. Oh, it looks,
I guess it has to be a racial thing. Aren't there any good looking white folks?
Terrence Howard, the Oscar nominee. What's that was he in, Terrence Howard?
That's how it's familiar with you. One of the guys in crash. I don't know. Oh, yeah, that's
right. He was the husband. Remember, she was, I can't say she was doing him in the van.
I figure you would have approved him. What do you mean by that? No, he's kind of white
complex. He's an okay-looking guy, but he's, I don't know, he's just kind of nondescript.
Okay. That's a good description. Yeah, he's not. That's a good nondescript guy. He's not a hot
looking guy. He's just a guy. That's all. But he's a lot of other world. And Firenail takes to
that movie. Well, I'm not talking about that kind of hot hot in the wallet. Danica Patrick,
she, I don't know, the pictures from like a long distance. And she's getting ready to hop on
her scooter. She's getting ready to mount it. But she, she looks pretty good from a distance,
but it's hard to make a judgment. You know who that is, Danica Patrick? She's the race car driver.
No, I don't think I've ever seen her. No, she's not. Yes, she is. Z-Jang. Oh, if she,
me, this man, if you look at me as kite in that the other dictionary, you'll see her picture next
to it. I want to find this exactly what's the, the name of it top what sexiest hottest, what's the
world's most beautiful? No, just go to People magazine. Go to their website. Go to the people people.com.
Actually, it's people.aol.com. When you get to the people and then you'll see a list of
on the left side there of all the different things in world's most beautiful people 2006, click on that.
It'll take it where I am now. And then you click by these one by one. Z-Jang, she is nasty looking.
God, she, oh, brother. I guarantee you there were specimens in my backyard when I had my dogs at
Oh, Avrilovine. Now, I like, I like Avrilovine. Contrary to Josh. I like her music. I don't think she's
even lukewarm much less hot. I think he's very cute. She's very cute. He's, now she's looking man.
She's like one step away from what's your name? Oh, no. Brandon Ruth. Who the hell is he?
Oh, he's from one life to live and he is another ugly guy. This, this could be the 100th most
overrated looking people. I ain't getting anywhere. Rachel Dilsen. You're not, you're not on here?
No, I can't, it won't, it won't come up. I mean, they're having an internet problem or something.
It just won't go there. Do it. Do me a favor. We're pleased. People got AOL got on.
When you listen to me. Yeah. Google People magazine. Can you do it? Can you handle that?
Is this the first thing I did? Yeah. I'm on it, but it's really slow.
Now mine's like lightning, man. Well, the Tampa Bay right here.
The word. There must be inside the building. Oh, no.
Veean Andrews. Is this guy also a dark, complexed guy? Can you actually tell me?
No, Veean. Well, we're having an internet problem or something here or people is.
I don't have any idea who he is or what he does. I'm reading this thing. I still have no idea.
Another really nasty looking guy. Why am I wasting my tech? He'll kill some good time.
But what he's doing. But are really most of them, the guys, you, Glee. And also that,
that Chinese or Japanese chick, whatever it helps, she is. Oh my god.
And now, it's today the day you're getting the food or is it tomorrow?
Melting pot tomorrow. Well, that's something to really look forward to. I'd be on Friday's,
being on Fondue Friday. Josh and George are going to be dipping it and doing it.
But a big smile on their face because the melting pot is unbelievable.
The experience of thousands times more than it used to be back when they first started
to back in my tent. Oh, there we go. So now, well, beautiful people. It just loaded.
Wow, Fondue. While I'm doing the spot, you can take a peek.
Loading. Probably lose your appetite.
So funny.
She vats her eyes and firsts her fake lips.
Miss Jolie wears her jeans bill over her head.
She's got a room full of sex toys and whips.
That Angelina makes guys dance. Oh, wow.
Green powder in the times or Poland.
There's no marriage safe from coast to coast.
Nicole can is on this list.
She makes your man your wildlife coat.
Angelina makes guys dance. Oh, wow.
She'll start by kicking out of her shoe.
Let the wind blow over her skirt.
It's been all free and just can't breathe.
Because she wants you for the skirt.
She wants to watch you in her garden and fall.
What's the land in the U. like King Kong?
What is the area you begin to crawl?
Angelina makes guys dance.
Oh, wow.
The blue.
Oh, my God.
She's in all my young holy forest.
You'll lose everything in your duper.
But when you're with her there's no remorse.
Angelina makes you dance.
Oh, wow.
Angelina makes guys dance.
Oh, wow.
Before you know it you're stopping your kid.
All the way you're like a dog.
When she leaves you your life is dirt.
And you'll read about it in her walls.
That's the way that this jolly little life is.
Maybe you should stay with your wife.
She's like a plane that attracts the mall.
Angelina makes guys dance.
Oh, wow.
Angelina makes guys dance.
Oh, wow.
Angelina makes guys dance.
Oh, wow.
She's got that pregnant glow.
What is Angelina?
She's a humanitarian effort that Merck makes the most radiant
according to People Magazine.
By the way, now that I got this site work.
It's still slow. Did you skip past Jessica Alba?
No, I mentioned that.
Oh, maybe I was looking at it.
Maybe I didn't mention it.
No, nothing wrong with her.
This picture of Avril is great.
I'm telling you, look, I like her a lot.
But, and she's a nice Canadian girl.
And I do like a lot of her music.
It's fun.
But, to put her into category, the world's most beautiful people.
Don't you understand how silly this is?
Well, yeah, they've got to be like, you're always saying.
Because somebody is famous through on TV or in the movies.
Therefore, they're hot.
Well, it's that he's a new young person.
He's cutesy.
But cutesy is making one of the most beautiful people in the world.
I could go down to the center.
Well, this is a research that idiot with the facs here today.
I could sit there in a shopping mall and you can go to any shopping mall in town there.
And sit there for an hour just people watch.
I could go to an Agro at Fallsview Casino when people watch.
For now, it's the Zillions.
I'll see you there.
I'll see you there.
I'll see you there.
I'll see you there.
I'll see you there.
I'll see you there.
There's something he's out.
I know, this is about, see, that's a problem.
But he's still pretty, see.
He's pretty.
I mean, these are based on people that are...
But are you looking at the guys that they got on there?
Yeah, yeah.
You see what I'm saying?
Meas.
Every one of these guys is not just not beautiful, but really, really ugly.
It's kind of like a...
You see who else is on there?
What's his name from American Idol?
Ryan Secret?
Ryan Secret is on there.
Oh, I think you're bad.
Yeah, good. Go ahead.
I'd like to watch that, which shouldn't take much.
Ryan Secret, does that tell you how it's too...
Every year, it's the same cock-on, man.
They got the guy playing the new Superman on here.
They got longer nose if you got into him yet?
No.
Random.
I'm off of that thing over there.
I've got nauseous from looking at it.
The pillow looks actress getting back to Angelina.
Cover is the...
Cover is the cover of people's 100 Most Beautiful People on Newstands tomorrow.
You're all going to want to go out and grab it.
It's her fourth time on the list, but first is the Cover Girl.
She looks the most beautiful when she's in the field.
Natural, no makeup, nothing in the field.
The magazine quote, musician, Wycliffe Jean, who worked...
Am I saying that right?
John?
John. Oh, it is the frog thing.
Well, that's because it's a Haitian thing.
Work with Joe.
He got a really favorite in Haiti.
Wycliffe Jean.
Because you see Angelina, the angel doesn't get any better than that.
The magazine doesn't forget a boyfriend, Brad Pitt.
Oh, please.
Yeah, with the makeup, he still looks pretty good.
Or her two children either.
People named the Globe War, trotting Jolie, Pitt Clan, the world's most beautiful family.
Oh, yeah.
The world may have to wait several more weeks for the arrival of the Brangelina offspring.
Oh, please, Brangelina, my ass.
Also making the beautiful people list them,
which until this year was only under the 50, Halle Berry.
No problem there.
Julia Roberts.
Julia Roberts is not beautiful.
I like a lot of her movies.
I have no problem with her.
But she's not beautiful.
She's got spaces between her teeth.
She's not even close to being beautiful.
She's not even a stone's throw, right?
She's not even a stone's throw, right?
George Clooney, who is about his pasty and average looking,
I can't even describe it.
Screlatio Hanson, now we're talking.
Wait, when you hear the next one, you're going to...
You may have a relapse.
Alright, let me strap in.
Let me give you a clue.
Now, here's the second clue.
Cookie doll.
Not Kirsty.
Yes, no.
This has to be a sign tells you plot.
If Kirsty Alley is one of the most beautiful women in the world,
I am so glad that I'm here.
Oh my goodness.
She was a beautiful one when she was thin.
When we... when was that at birth?
100 years ago.
She's still doing those spots.
And she's still a cow.
That's the thing that kills me.
They got her dolled up in these outfits that are so tight
that they probably stick away with a shoehorn.
And she's still a cow.
In fact, the fact that they got her with those tight outfits on just...
It makes her look that much worse.
Ryan's he-crest.
Oh my god.
And University of Southern California quarterback Matt Linder.
Now, I don't remember what he looks like.
You know what he looks like, John?
I'm not gonna ask you.
By the way, you were asking about Navine.
Yeah.
He's the Aroban, the TV show Lost Right Now, which is Hatterton Hill.
So that's why he's on there.
I see. He's the Aroban.
He's the Token Aroban.
All 26 post models of the NBC Game Show deal or no deal were also chosen.
All 26.
How about Bob Barker? How come he was not here?
Oh.
Might as well have been.
I got news for even at the age of 110.
He looks better than some of these guys they got on.
Here's somebody fastness in.
Some good news. Keith Jackson apparently signed off for the last time.
Keith Jackson.
Four.
Oh, Nelly.
We got to keep Jackson better to him here.
Now, we got to do the break.
I'm finished.
We'll play by play forever, Jack.
I told him to do this paper.
I'm going out to learn to be a senior citizen and fight a president I can vote for and believe in.
God.
I'm not angry. I'm just going to go off like an old man sit by the creek.
And this deserving is the primary voice of college football since 1967.
That's almost 40 long, excruciating years of that cornpone voice.
Although I do like him.
The 77 year old Jackson was also voice of an ad football.
It's an inaugural season in 1970.
It's called NBA Major League Baseball Games as well.
Originally planned to retire at the 98th college football season end.
But decided to return to the broadcast booth.
Co-casing his announcing duties on West Coast games.
This is different. He said I'm 77.
When he expressed to us that he was considering retirement, we were pretty good in trying to convince him otherwise.
But we completely respected his decision.
So executive vice president, ABC Sports, he was going to talk to Hank about this or I wouldn't tomorrow.
If we can hook up at all.
Based on what happened this morning, it seems highly unlikely, highly salicy.
Did we ever find out what that was all about?
No.
Because he obviously couldn't hear you guys either.
Right?
So they couldn't hear this studio for some reason.
Oh god.
What's the use? We do the best we can.
We're impossible circumstances. It's all I can tell you folks.
We just do the best we can.
And we keep puking our way along.
And these people, man, broadcasting AIDOS.
That should be they should put a big sign, a big billboard out there for that building.
Broadcasting AIDOS.
We got 609.
I kind of like 409 by the beach boys.
I might have to crank that baby up.
But we got 609 on the pool.
618's matter of fact. They're coming in in chunks.
And marking us don't have any votes.
We went to all the trouble. Josh had to work feverishly to put that on here.
And we still he's got the big so far.
This is new.
We're going to try to attack the engine both ways.
He's 560 QAAC.
And beginning to blow the blue the blue the white selection.
Hello. I'm John Kerry.
And when I'm president I'll make life better for all Americans.
Including Dick Cheney's gay daughter Mary.
I will fight for your healthcare rights.
Whether you're single, Mary or gay.
Like Dick Cheney's daughter Mary.
I will work to eliminate the deficit.
Because taxpayers like Dick Cheney's gay daughter Mary deserve better.
And so, on November 2nd, make your preference clear and vote for me.
John Kerry.
I'm John Kerry.
And I approve Dick Cheney's gay daughter Mary.
I'll take you ass.
10.26.14.411.
We got Geltie coming along again.
Oh my god. We just...
Geltie intensities these days on this station.
Which fits right in with our technical ambiance and the crossover we do with the Humphre.
One of the things I was going to talk to him about today, but unfortunately we didn't get the chance.
Was Barry Jackass' column.
Idea raises hopes for Marlon Stadium.
How do you like that?
Oh my god.
Highly a city leader is a recently one clearance to build an industrial park on 1100 acres of land
that had been off limits to large scale development.
Our discussing a plan with Dave County that would devote property taxes from the industrial park
to building a new stadium for the Florida Marlins.
Your Florida Marlins.
Highly a Marlins.
No. This really, I don't know. Is it really high a Lee where they're saying?
I don't know.
High a one if you wait just a second.
Hold your horses now. Don't be so negative, Amanda.
Highly a Mayor, Julio Robina, says he expressed his development for Armando Padina to donate part of the land of the city.
Which we then give it to the Marlins who have been trying for years to find money to build a new stadium
that they've retractable roof.
But even with lots of public health, the team was still about $100 million short of the stadium's $400 million price tag.
And that's where the property tax plan would come in.
Dave County manager George Burgess and highly a council president Steve Bovo said the idea is out of discussion.
Bozo, it's a viable alternative bird to send the plan which would need the County Commission's approval.
It's an approach we have agreed makes sense for moving quickly.
Though the deal is far from final Barry says a successful resolution would keep the Marlins
who recently flirted with the idea of relocating to San Antonio in South Florida.
Any interest?
No. Anybody care? No.
Dave Hites says you ought to spend your tax money for it. You're wrong Dave. You're full of crap.
We have to look at this carefully to see what kind of development could occur here, he said.
The property taxes paid by businesses that located me best to park would be split nearly evenly, have to hire Leah and have to the county.
Burgess had shares from both government's property taxes would go toward the stadium.
Though Rob Burgess, earlier in the day city envisioned that no highly a money would be used.
Any highly involvement would require highly a city council approval.
Let's get to what's his name, John Bernetti involvement. He's got the magic touch. Everything he touches turns to crap.
Out of the scenario, the stadium would go on a construction day, breathe land fill site. I think that's appropriate.
Near the turnpike in 170th street, could even his plan to the investor park they would include offices and warehouses.
The Marlins who are declining comment on the state of Michigan are facing a May 15 deadline to respond to San Antonio's proposal last year voters
who extend hotel and car rental taxes that would help finance the stadium there.
The Marlins have said they prefer to stay in South Florida but have a rule out San Antonio. They're not going to San Antonio.
No, there is no chance of that. First of all, Houston would allow it in a, they're not a Chinatown chance in hell, they're going to sit still for that.
And secondly, it's not a big enough market. Why not just move the buffalo?
If the proposal goes, why not just say, hey guess what? This isn't a sports market South Florida, huh?
That would be the honest answer. We just can't make it here. Why not just a little bit of honesty involved here?
Well, we can't do that. Look at all the crowds they drew when they were like two things. When they won the World Series, in fact, the first time, I don't remember we coughed they did again the second time.
But actually, into the playoffs, they weren't like selling out first in 87th and then finally with a bandwagon jumper as we got all whipped up into a frenzy then.
We love the Marlins. When can we go, you know, or like if they're giving away crap like this weekend? Are they having some big floppy hat giveaway or something?
Oh, I'm sure they are. Then all the snores will be out there.
I want to give away something free. Let's take the kids and let's put grandpa in the walker in the car and slap him along.
Everybody's going to get a floppy hat. And of course, then you can sit on your floppy hat and what are in your floppy ass.
Mark from Hellendale Beat says, I read an article in the slum sentence. They said the photo house of a presenter,
the units they voted to make in God we trust the state model. Now I think he missed the word there, Mark.
They trust. Imagine that elected official shoving their personal religious beliefs on the throat so the people they serve can't imagine.
That sounds like Taliban light to me. No, it sounds like Florida to me, Mark. Sounds like Jet Bush and his redneck legislators on another note.
Two great sterling Hayden films you may want to check out the asphalt jungle. I'm sorry, George. The fall general and the killing.
I think I saw the asphalt somewhere about a hundred years ago. I saw the ass fall. No. Oh, must not be a tennis guy.
How come there's no tennis players on this pool? It's usually some pretty hot tennis people. I guess there's none out there right now. No, they're hot.
Wait a year is this. Leave it to the Republicans to come up with a real good band-aid fix for this gas deal. This is a hoot.
That's what I had to know that she was talking about Katrina before. Susan Collins.
Every American taxpayer would get a hundred dollar rebate check to offset the pain of higher punk. Are these phones working today, by the way?
I'm not really sure if I was right. QA and hello. What is wrong with Julia Roberts? One of the sexiest.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Go get lost. Go back to David Cassidy. What would you know about women anyway? You faggot idiot?
Julia Roberts is not beautiful. Okay, I'm sorry. I thank you for saying that. Good actress. Thank you for saying what?
She's not beautiful. She's not. She's just okay. She's just okay. In fact, I would say she's average looking at best.
There's nothing wrong with her, but you know, if she were an actress and you saw her in the shopping mall, you wouldn't look a second time.
You probably wouldn't look the first time. Not one of those women that you'd stop it like in your tracks day.
Right. Holy cow. And like, look, you know, check out her ass on the way by. You just wouldn't do that. I check out her ass.
But then again, the guy with the eyes is such a pose. Oh, man. He's just jealous because Susan Day is still popular in David Cassidy faded into oblivion.
Where's the other way around? They're both oblivion. Throw off already. We did, please. I think you asked. That's right.
George says just come to rather one of his appearances. I think you asked. Right. He's going to bring Lady Martez along as his personal assistant.
Anyway, can I get back to this thing? Every American taxpayer would get a hundred dollar rebate check to offset the pain of higher pump prices for gasoline under the amendment Senate Republicans hope to bring to a whole today.
Who? Hundred dollars. That should fill up your tank. What about half words?
However, the GOP energy package may face tough sledding because it also includes a controversial proposal to open party Arctic National Wildlife Review in Alaska to oil exploration, which most Democrats and some modern Republicans oppose.
Democrats are also expected to offer their own competing proposal as members of both parties, Jackie, for a political position on the gas price issue.
Did I say thank you, Mr. President, for those low gas prices? I don't know if that punk never called us back since he said that back during the election, huh? Or back after the invasion, the Iraq attack, which now everybody in the world knows was bogus was based on a pack of lies.
They had all set out all cooked up from the beginning from the get go, right? But of course they needed some major event like 9.11 to take place to give them the green lights so the public was sit back and allow it to take place.
And people would offer themselves up to be human sacrifice over there like the 2400 nearly who are dead now.
But other than that, Julia Roberts is not beautiful. Okay. Not only not one of the most beautiful people in the world, but she's not not beautiful period. She's adequate.
She's marginal looking good actress. In fact, the movie I like to hear the best in was the one where she was the husband was crazy and beat by that pot.
So you think with the enemy boy that's a good movie. You still haven't seen even though it's it's much value hooded and I resisted seeing it, but I'm yes, I wish I did Aaron Brockovich. Yes, I have. You saw it. Fine. I seen it. Okay.
Because you hadn't there for a while. I seen it. All right. It was okay. She's good. She's a doctor. She takes a lot of I know it is. She takes a lot of heat and a lot of crap for whatever reason that we don't know.
I guess people are like her or maybe it was the fact you got married to a lie, lie, love it and people are running war was that all about that's what my good. I'm surprised. He's not on this list.
The most beautiful people in the world. Why don't you know to reach its own. There's probably somebody thinks that the guy with the eyes is one of the most beautiful people in the world.
I mean, you know, worked for Herman Munster and John Kerry. Good news from a rack, baby.
Gunman killed the sister of a rack's new vice president bag that today. My soon al-Hashimi.
Sister of Tariq al-Hashimi and her driver were killed by four gunmen driving in a BMW in the al-alarm neighborhood of Southwest Baghdad today. How they 30 this morning. There are time.
Tariq al-Hashimi, a leading Sunni official was named just days ago as vice president serving at a president in Jalal, Taliban.
Al-Hashimi is Secretary General of the Iraqi Islamic Party is called in the past for the use of force to put down a rack's insurgency.
It was a second killing in al-Hashimi's immediate family in the two weeks. On April 13th his brother Mahmoud al-Hashimi was shot dead while grabbing him in a mostly Shiite area of eastern Baghdad.
Meanwhile, because things are going so well senior military officials said yesterday that General George Casey, the top US commander in Iraq, has tentative plans to reduce US troop levels there by about 30,000.
By the end of the year Casey said he's still on his general timeline for recommending for the US troop reductions. That's because things are going so smoothly and so well.
Oh, we're fine. Things are going pt keen. At least for some of the people still alive. Not the ones that don't have electricity. I don't want to leave home every day in terror or terrified that they're going to end up dead or the rest of their family.
650 votes on the pool. I think we still got a shot today. 6654. South Florida's best play by play sports character of all time. Rick Weaver, I hate this pool, is moved to the top. I'll screw you. 107. Too bad. I think it's a fine pool. We didn't know years ago. Rick Weaver, 106. I hate sports 85. I hate it.
So, Angel, 64. Sunny, her 53. Now, Sunny was a good guy, but no comment. Bill's in for 51. I still wanted to say anything about it.
Dave O'Brien, 33. Moe Howard, David, 33. Boy, they sure missed the moment. Now, that was a bad mistake. Joe. Bad mistake. Cut. List of moment. He was the secret weapon.
Luke Shamby, 28. Eric Reed, 19. Let's get a lot more Eric Reed talking to his teeth about the heat on the on the air.
Geldi, 15. Wow. Joseph Gackie, 14. Those two are like in lockstep. Dave Halberstam, 10. Mark Van Damir, only eight. What was wrong with him? Nothing. He just wasn't here long enough. Oh, Len Casper, 7. Jeff Reemer is got six. Judge McDonald, 5. Dave Ann Horn all the way up to four. He is zooming up there. He's tied with Jimmy Cifilis with four. Chris Moran's got three. Mike Ingalls, Ingalls got one. Speak in English. Dave Strader and Richwell so far both have got the big and Josh's is
Ernie Sauron. This is Neil Roger. This is the Neil Roger show. This is your going. Any questions? Other stations give you car. Other stations give you cash. But we're going to give you what you really want because we're going to make you.
You'll be able to look down women's dresses. See what people hide. I'm a cost of her refrigerator. Make millions of dollars playing pro basketball. You don't need talent if you're taller. Just be the fifth color when you hear the sire. And we'll shave your head and grab down the layer after layer of skin until you're seven foot three. Mostly forehead. This station accepts no liability in the event that your body rejects. It's new forehead because of the nature of the procedure your eyes will remain in the same place. So looking down on the wall.
And the number of extra sisters will need to be accomplished with the small school. Still not included in price. Sure you'll be really weird looking. But boy will you be. Keep listening for your chance to win. I'll just do that. Yeah, don't forget school on included. It's 11.02.5.16.W.D.Q.I. I'm happy Thursday to have what is the biggest flying violence better the fact that we're all sick as a dog. Yeah, her instance under the weather George is probably got the same thing the two of them hang up. We took his frequently. And of course I got the flu man. I got the flu.
I'm doing I'm over dirt for the flu. I got my mouth going as well. Do you really I do. It's Q.A. Man. We're sick as it gets and we're proud of it. I knew the crossover this morning if you missed that at 10 o'clock it was something really.
Spear call it was Q.A. Especially. Man technical ineptitude at its worst. 5 6 7. Let's get a lot of calls about all that new stuff in downtown Miami because I broached that with George before the show this morning.
And after he threw up a couple of times he said boy you that guy must be off his rocker. I don't know anybody. And of course it may have just been a put on and most likely was from across the street anyhow.
Because it started out with that crap about all every time anybody wants to know about sports in town or interviewing you know listeners from 790. Yeah, right. Jimmy Cifalist in Joe Rose who just you know just happened to work over there just a coincidence.
5 6 7 0 5 60 all you people at hanging downtown Miami let's find out what I'm missing. I'm obviously out of touch. I don't even know what I am in town anywhere near downtown.
I got a bit of a while since I've been down there. When's the last time Josh was in downtown Miami. I went to a heat game not too long ago. Well there you go. See that's his downtown is against right there by the Harold building.
Right there where we got to like build up downtown for the benefit of Miami. Harold. Right. I was under last year for a concert at the AA arena. Right.
That's where the heat play that's correct. And I look to say. If you guys get out of the house a little bit more get out of your equipped in so parochial and get down to downtown.
See it's the epicenter of the universe now. It's the cultural hotspot of the entire globe not just not just the state not just the country not just North America but the entire universe.
Cordless fans I got yesterday. But being out of touch with what I know about it. Right. WQ a.m. Hello.
Get mad at me. I like to get. WQ a.m. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. They're already this morning. WQ a.m. Hello.
Oh, go. Nio. Yes, sir. Oh, here's any on the any line Q a.m.
Oh my god. I see just doing short doses. So that's good practice in real short doses. And then maybe you'll.
But maybe by July you might have it down here pretty pretty weak. 5 6 7 0 5 60. That's our call so far this morning. That's a medley of what you got to say.
So far. It goes back to the pool. We took the other day yesterday about South Floridians and like that. Trust me. Just keep listening. We stared out with the guy from the eyes. Then we went downhill from there. If that's possible.
Never thought that was possible. Did you know only on this show? WQ a.m. Hello. Hey, Nio. How you doing? OK.
Quick question. I just want to know when Josh is going to do Kathy. Do who? Who's Kathy? I don't know. Someone named Kathy. Josh.
You're getting ready to do. Moving along. Who is Kathy? I don't know what he went in. Kathy. But obviously he does.
That when he's good and ready. How's that? Mind your own business. Somebody there? WQ a.m. Hello.
I'm Jewish and I smoke in the rain. Excellent. Happy. A circus. By the way, never too early to say happy.
Sookas and tissue and Sinhalas. But don't make a big. Simist about it. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Come on. We're waiting to hear from all these people.
I'm ready. If we're wrong, we want to be corrected here. We want to set the record straight. Got a whole poll coming up tomorrow about it.
Because I'm sure that we're missing out. Being out of touch as Tom Dicke would say. Of course, he's always in LA getting wind and dined.
You know, Shmere, by all those people wanting to write those puff pieces about the new network TV shows.
I heard Tom had a pondas radio to buy some here. You hear that? No. I did not hear that. WQ a.m. Hello. WQ a.m. Hello.
WQ a.m. Hello. Now. Yes, sir. That movie. The killing. It's a great flag. It's about a. He robbed a race track. It's about what?
You rob a race track. Yeah. A horse track. It's one of his best movies. Sterling. He's great actor. He played McCluskey in the guy by the. Those who don't know who that is.
That's right. He killed. And he's still dead. Okay. Thank you. I'll go out and get the killing for this weekend with. Sterling.
He didn't. Okay. Maybe just do some killing. That sounds like a good idea. Come down there and kill some of these people we're talking to today. Starting with the guy with the eyes of the good public service.
Maybe you leave me as David Cassidy record collection, you think? Certainly enough to blow up the all who want that in the box with him. WQ a.m. Hello.
Hey, don't mess with the voice of the he's alright. That. That. WQ a.m. Hello. I'm sorry. I should have been more clear.
Reva says that that I guess it's Joshua. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Joshua. There's some guy that evidently wants you and knows it's very people. Joshua. WQ a.m.
There's a guy watching soap operas too and go out and say is you're fair. Yeah. Yeah. And guess what? Pally. I think you asked right. WQ a.m. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Neil. Okay. Hey, listen. I hear in the Canadian.
The pan at George W tax up there now too. How much a gallon? About four bucks more than four bucks. We're all going to get a hundred bucks. Yeah. I don't think that's going to go through.
Hey, no, what what what kind of crap is that? Oh, it's just a crap. It was just taking more tax money out of people's pockets and giving it back to them so they can give it to the world companies. I mean, just the whole concept of this stupid.
Stupid. And you know what somebody I know once said? Dirty stupid stupid. How are we doing on a pool?
I think we got a thousand. Look now. I was a little bit dubious about that. 693. Oh, yeah. By the bottom of the air will have like about seven. Oh, no, swetsky man. We are on fire. We're just absolutely.
Faming. WQ a.m. Hello. What's that was that? Did you hear that? That echo. Yeah, there was on the line there. Q. I.m. Hello.
I think the phone company is didlin again today. If you ask me, I could be wrong about that. They are anyway. Yeah, the phone company is didlin and we hate them like poison. Okay. Hope somebody poisons are putting. Let's try that eight again Q. I.m.
Yeah. It's not like it's not like it's like the first muscle of poison putting here. Try these could always man. County made him special for you. WQ. I.m. Hello.
WQ. I.m. Hello. I like to get caught. Yeah. Okay. Good. WQ. I.m. Hello. We're in the morning. Check out. WQ. I.m. Hello. Hey, can I get on? Yeah. My girlfriend wants to talk to Neil. Your girlfriend wants to talk to Neil about what? I don't know. You have to ask first. Well, you know, you look pimped. Are you in the intermediary because you don't have a dial phone? No, she'll not have a dial phone with you. I'll tell her where to. She'll where to stick the finger.
5 6 7 0 5. These are good. We might do four hours. What? That's what we've had. No, yeah. You are on top of your game today, folks. There's no question about that. We like to go the whole four hours without like really anything. Anything. All. They'll keep this going. Yeah. That'd be great. I'm all for it. I think it's some really high, high grade entertainment. Don't forget this Saturday. Speaking of that's a big draft party. Be sure to get over to Hooters and Pembroke Pines. You the mad dog. Joseph Gackie. Old what's his name face and the big old for the draft day coverage?
10 to 5 p.m. at Hooters and Pembroke Pines presented by. Heineken. Remember in memory of Freddie Heineken from Amsterdam. I was talking yesterday of Josh about the Heineken brewery and about you go in and get to your free samples. And you go to Freddie's bar in the hotel in the Euro hotel. Whatever the hell that thing is called in Amsterdam cross from the VD department store room. The right. Whatever the hell that is. You only problem with Amsterdam. Too many Dutch people there. WDQ I am.
Hello a neo greetings from Delray Beach. Yes, sir. I say that I don't believe in this Mexican no gringo day coming up May 1st that none of them are going to work or.
By American or go to work. I am. My heart and I'm going to be on a. No beans day for the Mexicans would have been good. No beans. Just have an open or two day or something. I want to call out.
How many of you have been spaghetti? How they in the Boston? Everybody who knows the Mexican or has one that we say no Mexican day is May 1st.
How about if you have Mexican hairless? I was actually going to hear the. And the Chihuahua is that the same? From what I know you shave one and it's airless. Yeah. No, no. But what is the Mexican hairless? I'm serious now being a dog person. What is that?
I think it's a Chihuahua or something like that without any hair. I don't really know. I don't know. You shave your Chihuahua. I know some people in the hairless. Yeah. 12 minute. Oh, police officers shot at airport and Cleveland. Oh, it just looks like a bad thing going on. It looks like a Chihuahua. It's a little bit. It's a little one. It's bigger than a Chihuahua. But it kind of looks like one. But in other words, it's a separate breed. Yes. I hear this Mexican is just begun to move. The shooting was at the United ticket counter.
At this level and inside there. I got a single thing. Yellow taped off. People who have tickets can board planes. Matter of fact airport operations are running as normal. Including.
Two wounded. We shoot at the Cleveland Airport. What we learned when we arrived here was that a Cleveland police officer got into an altercation at the counter with apparently a homeless man. According to the report officials shots were fired. The officer was wounded as was a civilian.
We don't know if that civilian was a traveler or an airport employee. But two people wounded. They were transported to Metro Hospital. In fact, we passed the Hopkins ambulance as we were coming out here on. Oh, it's some homeless guy. We didn't know what we got into with a homeless. Take care of that problem.
Once we finish up with the illegal aliens that we're going to work on the homeless make America a much better place in which to live. Kind of clean up far act. 1113. A Q.A. and the ammo coach is for this number one Asian gourmet.
They were phased. Read it by Zagat restaurant review. I've been talking about these people for years and years now. And they're still going strong. Every Friday through Sunday night you can enjoy lobster fest featuring main lobster served thermidor style at the Emerald Coast and every every night.
Every night of the week is crab fest where last can snow crab legs dungeon is crab and Jonah stone crabs. The menu still includes fresh oysters on a half cell and a sushi bar with over 30.
But turn man different items. The Emerald Coast also serves juicy delicious New York states. Cooked order just the way you love man car primer but on the weekends for dessert.
Leave room for the Emerald Coast famous 40 inch chocolate fountain. There's just no limits to the things you can stick in there.
You can hand if you're on strawberries Marshmallows other decadent treats and check out their new a new all you can eat sushi bar featuring sashimi tuna tataki and over 20 different types of sushi rules.
Stir and right back. And much more to three convenient Emerald Coast for yourself. Florida. They're in sunrise sunny. I'll be and pepper pies. Be sure make reservations call nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two.
But when you got a gigantic appetite. This is the place for you. The only I mean there's a lot of imitators out there but nothing like these guys. The amazing Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
This is Neil Rogers. This is five sixty two eight.
I'm happy to be able to get some problems in the valley with my wife and friends match and balance. They wish to go to the machine and we had twenty eight.
I went to shop around the little bit of told me to go. She had to meet the coupons and my leading glasses. I had to remind the weather master.
If it's hanging over the candle. The potato salad. I think I don't like a mini cat. She said.
I'm standing here on the mountain. I better get the hall of our economy. When they need one you can eat.
I think I'm going to be a man. I think I'm going to be a man. I think I'm going to be a man. I think I'm going to be a man. I think I'm going to be a man. I think I'm going to be a man. I think I'm going to be a man. I think I'm going to be a man. I think I'm going to be a man. I think I'm going to be a man. I think I'm going to be a man. I think I'm going to be a man. I think I'm going to be a man. I think I'm going to be a man. I think I'm going to be a man. I think I'm going to be a man. I think I'm going to be a man. I think I'm going to be a man. I think I'm going to be a man. I think I'm going to be a man. I think I'm going to be a man. I think I'm going to be a man. I
think I'm as kle kom Robso folks. Maybe we all got mumps? Maybe we all got mumps? maybe that what he is? maybe that what he is? Maybe that what he is? Maybe that what he is? Maybe that what he is? Maybe that what he is? Maybe that what he is? Maybe that what he is? Maybe we all got mumps...maybe that's what it is? Maybe that what he is? we all got mumps. Maybe that's what it is. Maybe that what he is? Maybe it is a monster? Maybe I all got mumps. Maybe that what he is? Maybe that what he is? Maybe that what he is? Maybe that what he is that what he is? Maybe that what he is? Maybe we all got mumps. Maybe that what it is? Maybe that what he is? Maybe we all got mumps. Maybe that what he is? Maybe that what he is? Maybe that what he is? Maybe that what he is? Maybe that what he is? Maybe we all got mumps
What do you think? You can put my paper on a dime.
Secret, so the piece of my ray gun.
Great, great.
Put my picture on a dime.
I mean, that was so outrageous.
Talk about the right wingers and the feeding friends.
They wanted to replace FDR on the dime
with a picture of Raleigh Ray Gun.
And in the meantime, the whole concept,
that the March of Dimes was helped money
to eradicate polio.
I bet you'd join us all couldn't have gotten five nickels
together if they wouldn't have the dimes.
Right.
I remember as a kid, we used to have these cards.
Were you with it?
You remember that?
Sure.
You remember that.
Uh-huh.
Now what's Josh would do with a chick?
What is it?
We supposed to delve in there.
He's probably not too happy about that.
No one knows what he's talking about.
I don't.
Yeah.
Or you don't know what he's talking about.
No.
Oh, I thought them.
Why didn't you just say that?
Because he's a child person.
I kind of don't even reply to them.
Come on.
Got to play along with the crazy people.
Otherwise, what kind of a show have we got?
He's a soap opera watch and fake.
Yeah, that's what I would say.
Guess what, Pally?
I think you're mad.
That's right.
Five, six.
Let's just play two things all day.
Oh!
And I think you're mad.
That sounds good to me.
Or we can play them together.
I think you're mad.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, eight,
pound, five, six, eight,
the Verizon Singular wireless line.
Rick Weaver, Mr. Weaver was great.
He was good.
Seven out of 18 votes.
That's back when the dolphins actually were thinking about right now.
Especially without Ricky Tiki.
What are we going to do without Ricky?
Ricky, Ricky, huh?
Give me the ball.
Give me the ball.
No, Ricky.
They have got to take coal pep for now.
Nah, but he ain't ready to go, man.
He's not ready for prime time.
That's what Neon Deon says.
He ain't ready for prime time.
He ain't going to be able to start the season.
How do they know he's not going to be able to start the season?
It's only April 27th.
Well, they can estimate it.
They can estimate it.
And they're estimated it in looking good.
So who's the backup?
Not still at Rosen's Cranced field.
They got nobody right now.
Really?
They got no backup?
Nobody.
Woo-hoo!
Uh-oh!
Don't sound good to me.
Actually, let's unretair Bob Grestball.
Get them windshield wipers back on his glasses
and get old Bob Grestball back out there again.
Or what about his kid?
Is Brian still playing for you guys?
Is he still in Tampa?
Uh-oh.
Hey, Brian.
How's it going sweetheart?
Boy, he is.
And how called?
I didn't say that.
What is?
I'm going to tell you the last two days you have really.
Oh, boo-hoo!
You know, since they made that new deal with you
for like the triple digit big bucks there,
you just out of control.
Talk about things going to somebody's head.
Yesterday he's talking about he's glad that a white guy is there
with the MVP and the NBA again.
And now he's calling one of our fine good friends here in alcoholic.
Wow.
I think you're right though.
So that's bad.
This isn't sound good.
Got a bad ring to it.
If you just say, hey Brian, you know like that.
That's like, hey Tom Cruise.
You found out that.
See, it's got a more subtle way to that.
And to come out and like,
a little bit too strong is D.E.E.
I'm going to tell you what I'm going to tell you.
I'm going to tell you what I'm going to tell you.
I'm going to tell you what I'm going to tell you.
I'm going to tell you what I'm going to tell you.
I'm going to tell you what I'm going to tell you.
I'm going to tell you what I'm going to tell you.
I'm going to tell you what I'm going to tell you.
I'm going to tell you what I'm going to tell you.
I'm going to tell you what I'm going to tell you.
I'm going to tell you what I'm going to tell you.
I'm going to tell you what I'm going to tell you.
I'm going to tell you what I'm going to tell you.
Two in.
How's it going now?
Yes, sir.
How's it going now?
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
How's it going now?
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Your first Junior Program Director who is also under the weather clearance.
He said it had something to do with his e-mail.
Correct.
Nobody meant that.
Did he say that this morning?
Always listening.
Yeah, he did.
Yeah, how you weren't.
He said it had something to do with it.
Correct.
He was like, under the weather.
Oh, yeah.
I think he had to say a table under the bed.
Bird flu.
That's right.
I think he said he had the Turd flu.
Or maybe he said it was just a turd time this year.
I don't know what he said.
He's not doing to us.
It sounded like death boi of over.
And of course, wait for Tuesday morning.
when the book comes out.
Like the song says, you ain't seen nothing yet.
It's going to be really something.
I can't say the word on the air, Joyce.
Dominique Q.A.M.
Hello.
Dominique Q.A.M.
Hello.
Oh, it's B.T.
Oh.
Q.A.M.
Last year, I got a little feature on your website.
Yeah, okay.
It's called Kill Reverend Jones.
Dominique Q.A.M.
Hello.
Thanks for the jinglesy of the day.
Yeah, no problem, Mike.
No problem.
Oh, they're all there today.
Let's hear it.
It's the real answer is, hey, let's have a blast, huh?
A few great voices all from the past.
Do you think they call around to arrange the events?
Not evidently.
I wouldn't be surprised if we were from my mind.
Well, that is my mind.
What's the other one?
Oh, a lot of stuff.
Oh, that one.
The mad trepeter.
Maybe they hook up on my space.
These are shit off the old block.
That must be, maybe they're comparing rotten teeth.
I don't know.
They got a special site called outer space.
We could send them to England.
They'd fit right in there with those rotten teeth.
And of course, I know what their favorite delicacy would be.
Well, I'm not going to say it.
26 past 11 and 5, 60 WQM, especially your buddy with the guy with the eyes there.
Oh, my God.
You know, all these years later, and it's still the same dollar and the same retardo,
reminds me of the day that I didn't know that thing at higher league.
I remember when I was trying to save higher league like a schmuck, and they were running
head to head against Calder.
And of course, it was the hopeless thing that John Bernetti and then higher league had
turned into a toilet.
Anyway, the place was filthy.
Even the weenies, they were serving up green weenies, you know, at the hot dog stand.
It was pretty embarrassing.
And here it shows up the guy with the eyes with one of his slimy buddies.
And I used the word buddy with quotes around it, you know.
What you went into the bird was on cards and I'm, I, in fact, Stan Major was there smoking
a big fat story with me that day.
And I turned around and look at these two slifts.
And what you did, and they're standing, they're screaming.
And I turned around and I said, I think you're at.
Yeah.
I actually, little Bob Savage came running down and kicked their ass out of there.
Rest in peace.
See the sad part?
Bob Savage was a good guy.
He's dead.
And this schmuck there with his David Kancelty blow up now.
He's still alive.
Colin radio talk shows in the same monotone.
You can't complain about his personality.
In fact, him and Dave Van Bory, maybe we get a discount, get a transplant.
And in fact, maybe we can get a three for a put into the Gacchi in there at the same time.
Boy, he is.
26 past 11 at 560 W.
Here we go, Gellty.
There's Mr. Personality.
He's coming up into this afternoon to squeak his way through a couple of hours.
And then we got Mad Dog at the sofa, Kings from 4 to 7.
You know, take your children, a cellum to some Haitians.
Goodbye, the clever, now your feet are jealous.
You put that into Texas, the job being lion fat and crawl back inside your mummies.
And...
Bracken.
Your does a three of us is fat.
Go on a date with Danny.
He can be your lover, soldier, man, or as we understand.
You prefer a mini-curge or defonter at life.
Now he's dead after death, playing the game.
He's pending the game, saying, a willing coup.
For the first white house, river no bones.
You didn't go as good as snow, so you got to go.
Go dream about the good old days on your rocking chair, like a man.
It's love of 32.
We got that Tony Snow by the way, who now says he's very sorry about all those nasty things.
El President, which there's a whole list of 80 million quotes about incompetence and about all of his policies.
Ripping him an ass over a period of time.
And now he's very sorry he said those things.
I'm sure he did.
He's saying that, of course, that he deflects when he actually takes over when he's going to start asking questions about that.
I already said I was sorry, I apologize.
That whole I apologize, but that goes about a half an inch as far as I'm concerned.
You know what I'm saying?
I apologize.
27 till noon if you were up to the Guilty Warm show now.
Guilty is like the centerpiece.
He's a pivot man on a radio station now.
Believe me.
Oh, it's big that a pivot man was good up righteous Republicans.
Prosecutors are investigating allegations by a method of cutting him bribery contractor.
Mitchell Wade, that's dedupe by the way, Duke Cunningham.
Mitchell Wade, that he encoke and spirit of Brent Wilf's periodically supply the former congressman with prostitutes and free hotel rooms.
According to these right wing Wall Street Journal.
Free hotel rooms.
Mr. Wade and February played a gillity to giving brebs more than a million dollars to Mr. Cunningham, including cash and teaks in payment for yachts.
Mr. Wade, who hasn't been sentenced yet, is cooperating with prosecutors.
According to people with knowledge of the investigation, Mr. Wade told investigators that Mr. Cunningham periodically phone him to request when to prostitute them.
And then Mr. Wade then helped arrange for one.
This is Duke Cunningham.
This is a good, upstanding right wing homophobic, holier than thou piece of crap, right?
A limousine driver then picked up the prostitutes as well as Mr. Cunningham and drove them to one of the hotel suites.
Swade.
Originally the Watergate Hotel and subsequently at the Western Grand.
Mr. Wade told investigators that all the arrangements for these services have been made by Mr. Wilf's and two employees of Mr. Wilf's company.
According to people with knowledge of his debriefing.
He said Mr. Wilf said rented the hotel suites and found the limo driver who had relationships with several escort services.
In other words, he was the PIMP.
Mr. Wade told prosecutors that sometimes Mr. Cunningham would contact him to request these services he passed on request to Mr. Wilf's or his employees who then made the actual arrangement.
Mr. Wade said that other times Mr. Cunningham called Wilf's directly to make the request.
He wanted a good hookah.
If investigators find that any other members of Congress or their staffs received services that so-called hospitality suites,
that could help make a case that they had illegally taken action to benefit Mr. Wilf's and return for favors from him.
Prosta Tuta's.
Mr. Wilf's has found members and employees where heavy campaign contributed to several members of Congress,
but prosecutors so far apparently haven't found any evidence that other members of Congress have been brived as it did.
But they got the Duke baby. His ass is grass. He is in deep fadudu.
The Duke.
Deep duki?
Yeah. And guess what, Duke?
I think you're ass.
That's right.
Alright, let's get back to the assimilating calls.
They got a very good pile of stuff here including Snoop Dogg is in deep dudo also with an airport fracas.
Eighthest identified as America's most distrusted minority coin to a new University of Minnesota study.
Go like an XM satellite radio losing money faster than they can print it.
Retired priest facing more molestation charges and hang on the Massachusetts fired St. Louis tacos back on the other one that said something about Count Aliza and Coon.
Remember that story?
Mm-hmm.
Senate panel calls for abolishing FEMA just tear it up and start all over again. Americans want third major political party.
U.S. justices these Supreme are asking now if legal, illegal injections cause pain.
Does that hurt you?
Timmy?
Good.
I wonder?
Yeah. Good.
How about this?
Does that hurt a little bit more?
Was that a passion reference you were making there?
Timmy, please.
Yeah, wrong Timmy.
Don't be picking on poor little Timmy, okay?
I was just going to mention to you that they're replaying it.
But isn't it interesting that the guy who we are, that queen I called before, was doing the Joshua thing from guiding light.
Wow.
You fairy.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty.
Probably doesn't like being called that no doubt.
What are you going to do about it?
You fairy.
Come in the QAM, hello.
Hi, I'm the real captain.
I'm the pilot today.
Oh yeah.
We are complete now.
But he already called earlier to, hey, hey, hey, how are we? Did that one?
Now he had a call more often.
He's incredibly entertained.
Not.
Now he's got his moments.
He can't call it more often.
When he stands in the corner crying because you don't hurt him and you broke his collarbone.
You got that.
Uh huh.
You put little Joey on the air.
I'm not going to sit still for this crap.
You want that little Joey call it.
That's a joy.
Don and Mike blow right.
Where are we?
There you go.
In fact, we also got the elongated Gilbert version.
Miami has the dolphins.
The greatest football team.
But I don't think we want to deal with the whole thing.
This is the amazing Gilbert.
We minding you not to drink and drive this holiday season.
Yes, I think I was stupid.
Absolutely.
Yes.
We didn't think we knew it.
And boy, we were right on target.
We were spot on as they say.
And silly ass brits.
But call very often, especially when George is on the summer Gilbert.
He loves you.
Yeah, yeah.
5 6 7 0 5 6.
Do you see him?
He admits it.
Tom 5 6 on the Verizon and Sigurd Arroyalson.
Our poll question today is Joshua was going to do.
What's your name?
What was the name he made up?
What was that?
We don't know what it is.
I think you're right though.
I think it's like a daisy chain.
They get together.
Even the side of what crank things are going to be calling in on that day.
Very good job.
We got our own little fraternity out there.
WNQYM, hello.
Everybody, H. George.
You okay, good.
Okay, but we hit you a hell of a lot more.
WNQYM, hello.
Hey, hello.
WNQYM, hello.
That's climate.
Listen in, it's creating.
That's definitely a community.
It's definitely a community.
That's definitely QIAM, hello.
Joshua.
WNQYM, you know what we would put my calls on.
You are a WUIIA.
Thanks.
Sunny.
Hello.
There's nothing greater than no greater formal flat.
We did imitation out there.
And you even got Gilbert Jr. now.
That's good.
That was good.
How does the material down too?
No, yeah.
He knows him like a like a sick book.
So Andy Loaf's show.
We'd like to wish everybody a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.
There we go.
Let's look over to the past.
You know, let's turn the clock back.
Back in the good old days and the salad days.
But Martha were used to bring by her or shallots.
But all the marshmallows and coconut in them.
That's right.
Forget you don't like co-in the version.
Is that what it was?
Right.
Instead, that's what that salad's called.
With the Mandarin oranges, slices, and all that.
Oh yeah, but not slices that little teeny tiny man.
Yeah, that's the same version.
Not chunks.
Tunks is what happens afterward.
21 till noon.
Tunks is what happens at 10 o'clock when you try to do the crossover when Hank sit
down his fat ass and tell him I'm sitting on my fat ass and tell him that.
Oh, it's not here anybody.
That was really special.
He missed the beginning of the show today, boy.
You should learn your lesson.
Don't ever miss 10 o'clock or 9.56.
And then of course, Hank at that point, he's like, ah, but to be put away, you know,
guess how to go make a hot bent and he just ran out of the 9.58.
So I think that we ought to get out at 158, don't you?
Give Kelly the extra two minutes.
Just keep your hands in the air.
Throw a 12.58.
I said, I said, look in 58 sounds good to me.
Let's place some of the highlights from yesterday's, simply, a Marlon 75 with in Chicago to close
out that serious.
749 votes.
We better get busy now.
Hop on our poll, please.
749.
750 now.
That's the nice number.
750.
Isn't WSB in Atlanta 750?
I don't know.
Yes.
Or is it 740?
I don't know.
Now 740 used to be CBL in Toronto.
They used to have hockey, not in Canada, Saturday night.
750.
I don't even know what I, you know something.
I couldn't begin to tell you the fan 590, I believe, is a sports station here.
And then there's, um, Mojo radio.
They got two sports stations.
Mojo is 640.
But I don't think I've turned the radio on more than twice in the time I've been here.
I don't know, listen to the radio.
Radio sucks.
Yeah, it does.
And of course, Leafs TV.
I can watch the, I can watch the, uh, whatever the hell, Leafs lunch.
So TV twice, noon to two and three to five.
I can watch it over again with Bill Waters and the Jeff Merrick.
So I tell you about one, listen to the radio.
750 votes on the poll.
Here's the deal.
South Florida's best play by a play sportscaster of all time.
Rick Weaver, 121.
Wave those hankies, Rick.
I hate this poll, 120.
I hate sports 98.
We just hate period.
You know something, let's add that.
Okay.
Let me take my vote.
I hate.
And then just like dot, dot, dot, dot.
Or I just hate.
I don't know how you want to, word, I'll leave it in your capable hand.
I like that.
I just hate.
No, not eight.
I just hate.
Jo Angel, 81.
Sunny, her is 57.
I mean, yeah, Sunny was a good guy, but there was a little something.
You know, that's a true story.
I told you that before about my first experience listening to Sunny on the radio.
I was working on K-E team.
My first job in the market in 1976.
I go home to my little horrible apartment on Miami Beach.
I live there for like a month, horrible.
And I turned on the radio and it's sports talk with Sunny because I was doing three to
six at that time.
And it's 630.
Here's sports talk with Sunny Hirsch.
He's given this score.
The red socks.
And I thought.
There must be something wrong with my radio.
No, and I look, I don't want to make it.
A little bit of with it, did you try to tune it in better?
And then I turned another station and it was just as clear as could be.
And then I turned back to Sunny.
He was still giving this sports like that.
It'll clog all problems.
And I really did find out.
And then he had an operation of some kind of it would like come, intermittently come and
go.
Sunny was a good guy, but they're not a great sportscaster.
57 though for Sunny Hirsch.
I guess that's, we like them.
Bill's in for 56.
Moe Howard David 38.
We didn't like him.
He had his moments.
Of course with it often, he seemed to be a little bit confused, especially since they
weren't the jets.
David will Brian 34.
Boob Shobby the Booster orange head 33.
I thought he'd do better than that, wouldn't you?
I thought his crowd.
If they took the pull over Cross Street, he'd do better.
Joseph Gackie 17.
Geldie 15.
Come on now.
Mark Vanderbier 13.
Geldie is a better sportscaster than Mark Vanderbier.
Oh my.
David Halberstam 12.
Well, he got screwed over to that organization.
Jeff Rimmer 8.
Free meals.
Lot of them.
Len Casper 7.
Jugs McDonald 5.
Looks like he didn't miss any meals.
Dave Ann Horns.
Oh, they got five, Josh.
You're a partner in crime there.
Dave Ann Horns.
With a bad hair piece.
Only five.
Jimmy Sifilis.
He's got five.
Chris Moore on three.
Mike Ingram's finally got one.
Must be the guy that got the fast death thing.
Dave Strader got one.
I guess who doesn't have any, Josh?
Who's that?
In last place, 757, the TV voice of your Florida, Marlins, Rich Walls has got the big
O.
Who's going to get Ricky a hole?
The head of baby, the head of the ring, she's a ring, she's all the men of daddy, the little
baby, the run of the baby, the laughing like holes with a sore crazy baby, the head
of baby, I'm for the baby, release it in time to see him at three, the head of baby,
the baby, the sole baby, and the baby is all the little red, I'll walk you in.
What a free joy, I guess.
Look, look at my brother, he's a whole full of love.
He's no one's bad.
One of the catch-four, no you might break a nail.
I think you're bad.
Yeah, what's sensational timing to have never dawned on me just before the release of
MI3, too?
Just in time for time to be shoving around in Rome and London, gay Perry, with all of his
boyfriends over there.
Not in any particular hurry, evidently, to come back and see that bundle of joy, you know?
Of course you can probably relate to that.
Sorry?
The bundle of joy.
I just wonder how they keep who it is, well of course it could be artificial insemination,
but they had a right on a macular contraception or the aliens since he believes in that.
It might have been the aliens came down in those spaceships and maybe they had that emitter,
right?
They got that probe, right?
And maybe they stuck it in somebody's leg.
Right.
I got a great line for that, but I don't know where we could enjoy.
I paused the whole thing.
Exactly, 770 votes.
We're going to be close to 800 by the top of the hour and so they're coming up on the new
hour.
Jesus, God, we've got two more hours of this crant today, holy.
Of course I still got my big pile.
Thank God for all these fabulous calls so far, though.
I killed off a couple of tremendously entertaining hours, even had some guests from the past,
with some controversial calls from the past.
Wait till you hear this, though, that might explain some of these calls.
Don't we get a lot of calls from cell phones?
Yes, we do.
Well, radiation from mobile phones affects the way the brain works,
osteoarthritis have discovered.
Maybe that explains the factor.
I could.
But scientists from the Swinburne University of Technology's brain sciences instituted in
Melbourne, that's Melbourne, Australia, not Florida, found people's response times slower
during a 30 minute mobile phone call, but they're memory-appear to improve.
The research is conducted a series of psychological tests on 120 volunteers that were exposed to
mobile phone emissions for half an hour.
Another set of tests was conducted on volunteers who were not exposed to mobile phone radiation,
but thought they were.
The results published in April's edition of, I'm sure you read this every day,
the journal Neurocycology, that's a psychological issue.
It showed a small but discernible change in brainfucks among those who were exposed
to electromagnetic fields that mobile phones generate.
The studies showed evidence of slower response times for participants undertaking simple reactions
and more complex reactions, such as choosing a response when there is more than one alternative,
lead researcher Kahn Stowe said.
This could equate to driving a car and being distracted by another car pulling on a frontier,
the driver's reaction time that choose between breaking, turning, or sounding the horn
could be affected albeit slightly.
The study also found that radiation from mobile phone scenes to improve working memory,
used for example when remembering a phone number long enough to dial it.
He said further work was needed using magnetic resonance imaging to clarify the way mobile phones
alter the way the brain works.
Father or tool wants to know if you can alter boys with it.
I guess it depends on where you stick it.
Stowe said further as yet on published research by his team,
suggested the impact of mobile phone radiation on the brain was cumulative.
And here's this is the bottom line.
People for instance who use the mobile phone a lot seem to have more of an impairment
than people who are more naive users.
I don't know what that means, naive users.
Don't think that word is appropriate there.
Well that's what it says here.
I think what more occasional users, more naive users, I have been naive now.
Okay.
However, he stressed that the impact on brainfucks or was small,
they said did not find the mobile phones cause the hair.
How about mobile homes causing a health problem, especially the health syndrome,
where you live near people who do live in one.
We have it established as a negative health consequence that's a different type of study.
He said we're just showing that the radiation is actually active on the brain.
The impairment is small and yeah, just can tell on yourselves accordingly.
Like that.
Right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We're going to get a million.
We're going to get a pound of sound out of this phone man speaking of mobile phones.
7, 76.
Put a one in front of that and you got a pretty patriotic sound of the year, don't you?
Sure do.
Makes you want to have a parade.
776 vote.
And guess what?
Rich Waltz don't have any.
That's bad.
Give the kid a break.
He's something like about a 10 year old kid.
Hey, Tom, are you really kicking ass here in Chicago or the Marlins?
Here comes, I don't know what this kid's name is.
Here comes a guy.
I just, I hear stuff in this market and I'm thinking to myself, wow.
In fact, you know what I'm thinking to myself?
Well, I hear a lot of these people.
What do you think of any on this station?
You call this big market radio?
Yeah, I think that very often.
And then I look at that paycheck and I think well, who really curious?
Come into QIN, hello.
Speaking of mobile phones, yes sir.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, I think it's such a piece of it.
Anyway, that caller before said when is Josh going to do that?
Remember that from South Beach was after Josh?
Not Kathy.
Oh, Zach.
Zach, that sounds like Kathy.
It sounds like Kathy to me.
I think he said Zach.
That means that he's Zachy.
Yeah, Joseph.
Maybe he said Joseph, Gaffy.
Maybe that's what it is.
Joseph, Gaffy sucks.
Okay.
See, there you go.
I think we just answered by Lima.
Thank you so much sir.
I'm glad that you see that's the kind of stuff we get a call about.
This guy, if you ask him 80,000 questions about anything of anything, even my nude importance,
he has no response.
But he can give you a song to answer about when is Joshua going to do Zach?
I forgot all about Zach.
I'm sure Josh has been trying very hard to forget all about him.
Remember Zach?
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
Maybe he's talking about Zach Cranc.
I don't think that's going to happen anytime soon.
In fact, I don't think anybody's going to be doing Zach Cranc.
I don't think so.
For Zach.
Is he still working on the Joe Robo show?
Yes he is.
I'm the little dog show and then you got your Stu Gotts and you got all the other.
And who's some of the other folks?
One's Donnie Beegin to show up over there.
And Jason Bloss, Bloss, Bloss, Bloss Bach, whatever his name was.
Bloss Ballad.
By the way, still got, hey, Jason, I still got your tape, but I probably ought to throw it out because now I got it on BBD.
Charging.
And I still am not going to watch it.
I probably watch it someday.
Watch of Myson Men.
I'm not watching of Myson Men.
I'm not into Myson.
I don't know.
It has nothing to do with Myson.
Well, the why is it called of Myson Men for Christ's sake?
Well, you're watching to understand.
Maybe that's got something to do with it.
Okay.
5,670560.
Come on, let's get out of the horn here, man.
We got two hours here for you.
For all of you with Stu comments, although we're going to do this first.
This is New Rodgers.
Oh, this is 560QA.
Mr. King.
I like to relax my heavy-bearing mangle and massage my balls while listening to the New
Rodgers 12th of one hour.
Hey, boys, you're found a way to make a 10th of this.
You can own Broke Back Mountain and watch it in the privacy of your own home.
Woohoo!
And your neighbors won't see you walking to the store and read a video about two-gate cowboys
making sweet love.
You can download Broke Back Mountain on your hard drive, not your floppy disk.
You just got to have enough RAM and a broadband connection.
Rick and I was start drinking, yeah.
Download Broke Back Mountain today.
And I'm kind of curious about the movie, but I don't want to go on the blockbuster and have people see me rent today and thing.com.
Look at that. We got 790, baby.
790 votes. Do you think there's something symbolic there?
And at 790, almost 800 votes. Rich Walts is still right.
Oh! No votes is the best sportscaster in South Florida ever.
Even now, even recently, even like a week from the surface and never.
Not doing too good, Rick. Say, hate you like poison.
Don't take it personally. I don't think another Greg Vudelle.
Don't get a complex about it, unless you want to.
560, 560, 0560, 0560, the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
WDQAM. Hello.
QAM.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
I don't know what really upsets me.
It seems like whenever you do that stupid signal test broadcasting, it's right in the middle of when you're reading a...
Yeah, I don't know all about it. I'm working on I can do a body.
But it's never happened during the commercial.
Why does this never happen during the commercial?
It better than it.
Yeah, damn well, better than it.
And if better than it, I have no idea anybody on the sports shows because that's the important stuff.
It only happens during this show, I guess.
The program.
I can't hear it. I have no idea when it's going on.
Well, thank you for the stories, anyway.
Okay, good luck to you.
I'm leaving.
Oh, okay, let's see.
That's probably a right-wing plot.
Some people have become...
Here's a...
Ed and Four Lauderdale says...
Some people have become so desperate to find cheaper fuel for their cars and become making ethanol at home.
They're pumping ethanol.
There are dozens of websites explaining how to make ethanol from homemade stills.
Are you boys going to still up?
And everybody's going to tell nobody?
I still got money.
Yeah.
Remember that scene in the deliverance?
I'm sure you do.
You've always got to still up here.
This boy said something about a state.
They said, just stay and steal and drop in panties.
I'll pay you.
Bill Sash, your owner of a Tennessee company, speaking of Arkansas and the Rednecks,
a Tennessee company that sells ethanol, stills, and kits, said that once you're set up,
it cost about 75 cents a gallon to bring your own fuel.
Or it can move to a better way to work 12 cents a gallon.
Sash said that with gas prices nationally, closing it on three bucks a gallon,
and you close it in my ass.
Over three bucks a gallon.
Pretty soon it'll be closing on four bucks.
They're up again today, by the way.
Every so slightly.
Just creeping and creeping.
Wait till I fourth a July holiday weekend, man, when it's like a thousand bucks to fill
up your tank.
And you'll say, thanks a lot, Mr. President, for those low gas prices.
Thanks for hook it up that long to that Iraqi oil field.
Most cars can run on a mixture of ethanol and gasoline, and the new fuel,
Flex-fuel cars can run on 85% ethanol or regular gasoline.
So there you go, just open up a steel in the backyard.
You can cook some moonshine going.
And a little ethanol too.
That sound like a deal?
Sure.
Sounds like a real plan to me.
Yeah, make a good steel going, and there'll be another excuse for them to
feds to come and drag your ass away.
The revenue is...
70 QIM, hello.
QIM.
Yes, sir.
I'm a former sponsor of the fields, and I'd like to reminisce for something
that happened 25 years ago, too.
And what was that?
What was that?
Yeah.
On WNWS, I think it was one of the last nights they were on Flagler Street.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Was this to you?
Was this Larry Mervis?
You're right.
What a memory, huh?
Emory.
Neil, I've talked about the night that I think it was the last night that you were on Flagler Street
at WNWS.
Yeah.
We came there to talk about your favorite subject, Medicare.
And it was raining cats and dogs, and there was two inches of water in the floor.
Right.
That's right.
The water was...
The sidewalk was warped in front of that building, and the water was...
It was pouring like the end of the world.
The water came underneath the door, and into the building it was like flood.
It's through the whole area.
And the people from Bell South run their hands and knees crawling around to hook...
Get the phones cleaned out.
And that's what we could get on the air.
Although I will say this, the phones actually work there unlike this place.
Pretty amazing.
Well, if you remember, we've pushed four desks together and sat at top of them.
I remember sitting there with my bare feet.
Well, I'm doing that right now, too.
At least I wasn't sitting in my underwear then, like I am now, but that's another story.
Well, it's not raining, though.
No, that's true.
Not raining inside or even outside.
But I just wanted to wish you well.
That story, of course, goes back some 25 years.
And I hope that even though you say you're not on the air, I'd like to listen to you for another 25 years.
Oh, I'm staying on forever, man, till I put my ass in a box.
They want to know when I'm going to sign up till you're 25-25, so.
Well, the old...
Why does it keep sending them checks, man, for this crap? I'll keep taking it.
I told my wife the same thing.
I told her when she puts me in the box, but the phone on the left side, because I'm right handed.
There you go. Okay, Larry, take care of yourself.
I'll continue, sir.
See you.
I like that, Larry Mervis.
See, I even know who it was.
Boy, am I sharp or what?
There is a mosa ball.
I really am.
Sharp is a marble.
Larry Mervis.
Don't get nervous.
Call Larry Mervis.
I should have asked him if he was still in business and given a plug for his insurance company, but that would be...
That would be bad.
He wasn't called for the battery, but it said so.
Nothing worse than people will want free plugs.
You know what I mean, George?
What do you know how your old friend Scott's doing from that sandwich joint?
Speaking of sandwiches, I wonder how a Jerry Wittner's doing.
Wittner and a great broadcast studio in the sky.
I wonder if he's still driving down the Ho Chi Minh Trail every night without packing that piece in this briefcase.
5.6, Kevin O560.
I'll tell you one thing.
I'm a survivor, man.
Look at all these other...
Every year we know, then I start thinking about all the people I worked with who I did.
It has this wave going around, man.
Jerry Wittner, Jerry Williams, Bill Calder.
Big Wilson I ever worked with, big by Newham Well.
Had a few meals with him all at the same time.
Microniri, Jim Harper, Kyle Isley, Keith Isley's dead?
Oh no, I don't know.
Would you get that, Dan?
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
Wow.
Big Casper?
Tom Zicka, I mean he's not officially dead, just brain dead.
Was Charlie campus?
Good.
Guy Miss Molly.
Who are some of the other people who worked with you?
You must have a few.
Yeah, half the people you named.
Now, you must have some other ones.
Oh, nobody who worked with that ambitious, but I mean...
No, he never had the pleasure.
She hated me like...
I don't think I ever met her.
But boy, she sure hated you.
Actually, the guy that trained me to be a DJ when I was 17, he died.
Who's that?
You don't know him.
He was in Montana.
Well, I mean...
My brother...
Hey, Mike Robertson, great voice impressionist.
Tell it wasted in that little town.
Yeah.
And died of Enthesema.
Tigaretz, Boko Bryant, smoking.
Oh, Boko Bryant's voice.
A talent.
I'm pumping on the smoke and sell it.
I'm gonna stop sending him money that he won't be able to afford to buy those packets.
So I think it's a supply money for a drugie, you know?
Yeah, speaking of packets, he was one, too.
And then they fall on the floor, you know, when they start making gurgling sounds when you supply money for drugies.
In fact, I sure hope Josh don't get no bad drug habit because, you know, with all this extra money he's making.
I'm clean.
Nah, it's not what I heard.
That's not what I thought was that.
He only has good drug habits.
None of the battles.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, you don't forget the big QAM draft party this Saturday.
I'm not gonna read this line or any more.
I'm really tired of it.
But you don't know what it is.
It's a...
Hooters and Pembroke Pines.
This Saturday, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., Mad Dog's gonna be there.
Josie and Big ol' will be there, too.
But of course, who cares about them?
Presented by a Heine Can.
And go there and just get blisted.
The draft party.
We love the dolphins.
They're going nowhere.
They're not going nowhere.
They're going nowhere this season, man.
They're just gonna be a sucking wind.
WDQAM Hello.
Which means there are over 1,000 millions more of it across the street.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
What's up, buddy?
This is a Vito from the sopranos.
Vito?
Vito. Vito.
Oh, Vito, yeah.
What's up, buddy?
What do you got, Vio?
No, I just wanted to know if you've watched the sopranos a lot.
No, I don't ever watch the sopranos.
How's that?
So you lost take Vio.
I wonder what ever happened to Vio Lady.
Remember her?
No.
You don't remember the Vio Lady?
Vigley.
Oh, come on.
That was in your time.
That was in your time.
I don't know.
I remember.
And then, of course, there was always the dingo lady,
which I'm just trying to find.
I think I like my bite.
There she is.
Dingo Lady, the Vio Lady, who used to have an interest in me.
She was the vegetarian.
She was the freak.
She said, I've all been out of shape because I used to talk about how much I love to eat Vio.
I still love Vio.
I mean, she's not going to stop just because of that pitch.
The dingo lady calls not too long at all.
Right.
And, of course, the people they can also go to hell.
Oh, you killed her.
She was poor little baby animals while too bad.
I like my Vio.
I like my steak.
I had a great dinner with Chris here in the Hilton Hotel couple.
In fact, a week ago Monday.
Fantastic rib ice steak.
Oh, man.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, the Lonely Spences.
I had a little pricey, but no problem at all.
Especially when you win all the big bucks.
I never got to ask Hank about Winnehull's damn slots.
They're going to start in South Florida.
Tomorrow, we'll see if we can...
Is he still going to be doing from Tulsa?
I would assume so tomorrow.
I would have said...
Well, that's going to be real interesting to see how that works out.
I hope that somebody can base in the message that we weren't shining him right.
I think it's just that we could not communicate here on QA.
And where we're technically, we just can't do it.
You know, you name it and we can't do it.
In fact, remember that side of the East have on the engineering door there.
It said, oh, all the different things they do.
We're a sign of broadcasting 24-7.
And we're broadcasting from abroad.
And now it's just a sign that it says we can't do it.
Just as dot, dot, dot.
In other words, whatever it is, we can't do it.
And they're right.
WQAM, hello.
I think it's Rocky Bones.
Yeah, okay, we can't wait to see it.
WQAM, hello.
And by the way, we have an 824.
I think you asked.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You went to that Niagara Falls casino.
Yeah.
Did you try that restaurant where the automakers push your stool in for you?
Yeah, ha, ha, ha.
Boy, that would do.
Yeah.
That was your clever one, didn't it?
Don't fall in now, by the way, next time.
Stay in Niagara.
Don't fall in.
In fact, maybe he'll go on that ferry ride.
560-705-60, pound 560, and they've arrived in Singular Wireless Line.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Thank you for repeating the news.
You're welcome.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Miami Duffins.
Miami Duffins.
Miami Duffins.
Miami Duffins number one.
Duff, Duff, Duff.
Miami Duffins.
Miami Duffins.
Miami Duffins.
Miami Duffins.
Miami Duffins number one.
Ah!
Ah!
Oh, yeah.
It goes to show you that organization we'll get to you after a while after 34 years.
All these years of the big teases and all the big V.S. and the big hoopla and Jimmy and his Johnson and all the other Brains.
And all this other crap.
And of course, this Nick Stamen guy, man.
Talk about a B.S. slinger.
But if you could sell B.S. by the pound, the Duff and organization would be billionaires.
I guarantee you that.
In fact, all the sports organizations in town.
There isn't a lot of them.
There are like a bunch of straight shooters, so to speak.
You've got the panthers that just got more money.
I just looked it up, set them almost three grand already, including payoff money for games that are never going to be played, because there aren't no playoffs for them.
And now they want another three grand toward next year's season tickets.
And it just never ends with them.
Plus, the fact that he's lying about the attendance.
And if you do get your season tickets, oh, listen, we've got 75 free tickets for every game if you want.
And then you got the Dolphin organization, which I just got to explain to you.
Do you mean it's a bad here?
Same old B.S. Air every.
Of course, the WAN study or how's that coming?
And the Marlins, well, there's anything to be said about them.
Even with the two world series, even with that, it's still a mess.
We want to stay the M. We want the world series.
We want the state to please give us some money.
There's no different than the beggars on the streets except these people are got billions.
That's the only difference.
They got better suits and they got, you know, they dress better and they don't hold a cup out.
But I didn't that.
And who might leave it out?
And then of course, there's a, oh, yeah, Pat Rowley and that's stuck down here or his.
And now that they're here, they had a good season and all of a sudden everybody's jumped on that bag.
And they got to have somewhere to jump.
Tony Bologna, man.
So how's downtown coming?
We haven't had one call extolling the virtues of the world.
Really? Really? Really?
I'm waiting though.
In fact, I think that's what sparked off all of these crazy people, Dave.
Thank you for that fact yesterday. Was it Mitch?
Because I didn't, I schmucked it again.
Mitch from South Beach?
Okay.
Who can quote everything I say every day.
Who tell me about how I was talking about Europe the day before and about a beep, but a beep, but a beep, but a beep.
And then he goes into the thing about, wow, I'm glad your audience is going down the tube and nobody's hearing all this misinformation you give out.
All of a sudden, crap.
Probably sleeping with Jimmy Cifalus if he asked me.
1213 at 516 wouldn't be the first time.
I've been telling you for years, speaking of sleeping, you call 1-800-Makros, whenever you need a bed.
They can deliver within a two hour window.
They have knowledgeable, better consultants and lots more.
Here's another reason.
Our friends at Dalai Macros just got, for the third year in a row, the Better Business Bureau is annual
Torts of Excellence Award is the best in the business.
Three years in a row that they'd won based on honesty, integrity, ethics, and all the markets they serve for main two Miami.
Even in downtown Miami, they'll go to show you how daring they are.
So many places you can buy a Macros, so many betting and department stores where they said they'll allow off-name brands and they really rip you off.
So if you want to waste a lot of expensive cash, let them run the town, you can do that.
But if you want to do the smart thing like I've done for years, just make that one easy call.
When you call 1-800-Makros, you can be damn sure you'll be speaking with a company you can trust.
Choose from Ceeley, Cernos, Simmons, King Coral, Temporpietic, and Sterns and Foster Hewitt.
Check out macros.com online for all the styles and sizes and do what all the smart people do.
Call the number one choice in betting, Dalai Macros.
Just that one easy call.
The easiest, it's a piece of cake, easiest piece of shopping, even a schmuck into it.
1-800-MATTRES, leave off the last S because it stands for Sensational Stupendous Savings.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 560-Q-A-W-A-W-S-T
It's Stupend Miami Town, but you can have 560-W-Q-A-W-O.
Well, he's a telehazzy nasty.
Oh, who got the honey from his daddy?
Oh, and as I said, my little brat, he.
Whoa, it's an agenda that's dragged me.
Oh, well, he's a telehazzy nasty.
No, but they're ballet.
Well, he's a presidential son.
Who doesn't have to run?
No one else is on a wedding.
I just want to just move right in.
She's hard, she's hard, she's hard, she's hard.
He has to go to school.
He was born with up his ass.
So look out on your shoes.
Get ready for the gas.
He's a telehazzy nasty.
Welcome.
He'll give our civil rights a whammy.
Whoa, I mean the telehazzy nasty.
Love of a ballet.
Well, he's a very welcome dude with very bad shoes.
Who never praises you.
My next year will all be screwed.
She's hard.
She's hard.
She's hard.
Any smart dude with that ready?
Against buddy, but hey, why do you think they call it silver?
Victoria, anyway, he's a telehazzy nasty.
Oh, he'll make it KKK happy.
Whoa, he's a telehazzy nasty.
Love of a ballet.
Come on, let's do this.
Come on, let's do this.
You know what the interesting thing is,
one of the first things that Joe Belzer and Nick Trillabell,
in our first phone conversation,
he was talking about as GM of KISS,
our sister-in-law station,
that he was very familiar with our engineering department.
Of course, my question here now to these several months later
is that how come they're still working for us?
821 votes on the poll.
Just think about it for about half a second.
821 votes.
South Florida's best play-by-place sportscaster all the time.
I'm not going to read the whole list again right now.
But from the bottom up, the bottom feeders are,
with 10 votes or less, Jeff Reemer only ate,
and 8 and 8 and 8 and 8 and 8,
and everything on the menu.
And I paid for it.
I just hate periods, seven.
Oh, we got that on there.
I just hate.
I love it.
Len Casper, seven.
Dave Ann Horan's seven.
He's tied with, I just hate.
Judge McDonald's five.
Jimmy Cipyllis's only five, man.
He is bad.
Chris Moron, four.
Hot dog, half a board.
Dave Strader's got a pair.
Mike Inglis has only got that one.
So evidently, nobody listens to the heat games on radio.
Or he's not all that good.
And Rich Wall's out of 821 votes.
Guess someone he's got, Josh.
Zero?
Don't peek.
You looked.
He's got the big bow.
No, the jiggles we got the big eight.
In fact, I might actually play one of those.
The big eight-hakes.
Colors.
I think you're asked.
Yeah.
At any rate, the big eight was great, but now it's crap.
That's radio for you, man.
It used to be a great thing, you know?
Just like those slinkies.
Remember, do you ever have a slinky when you were kids?
Sure, several.
Slinkies.
Those used to be great, too.
I bet you nobody buys those now.
They're still around.
They are?
They still have slinkies.
Different colors made out of plastic, different sizes.
I think we're going to slinky slinky.
Like if your dog gets a hold of it.
Fear of rage.
Speaking of slinky, look at the fear of rage.
We've soft-food immigrant workers.
Don't start any rumors now.
Although I hear panic, we've soft-food is panic.
Not just fear, but panic.
We've soft-food is undocumented immigrant communities.
It's rumors spread throughout the nation that immigration agents
were conducting random raids,
detaining people on the streets in stores,
restaurants, and shopping malls.
So that's just the Gestapo making their rounds.
Get used to it.
From homestead to keep a skin in Evan Churan,
from pepper pines to lake worth,
all of these bedroom towns,
potentially thousands of undocumented immigrants
are staying home this week.
Many fear of venturing out of the streets
unless they wind up to a deported,
even though no evidence surfaced of widespread sweeps.
Give them a broom and let's see what they can do.
Maybe a shank can only can round all these people up.
They see that bellow, that he hates what.
Business managers threw out South Florida,
said they saw a dramatic drop in the number of immigrant workers
showing up at a work site since Monday at homestead,
or anywhere from two to three hundred workers
weighed on a street code in your chroma avenue
every morning to be picked up by employers.
Only a couple of dozen were spotted yesterday.
Mario, an undocumented Guatemalan homestead,
who would not give his last name for obvious reasons.
Maybe it was Mario Lemieux.
Said he was afraid to go out since reports of immigration raids
began over the weekend.
I tried to go find work at a morning,
and then I go straight home after I finished working.
He said before I'd go and do some shopping
and get together with friends after I was in shopping.
Dan Shaw, president and chief executive
of the Associated Builders and Contractors
in Coconut Creek, said more than a hundred migrant,
immigrant construction workers
had left work sites in Broward,
other parts of South Florida,
and not returned since rumors began.
In other words, they vanished.
They got on the little red caboose and they vanished.
This scared off immigrants at multiple work sites, Shaw said.
See, once some little things start to slide,
then the rumors start going like crazy.
Yeah, here they're going to be doing it every day.
Forever.
Even though immigration agents conduct operations
and detained for our nationals every day,
they generally go after people wanted for crimes,
or those who've been made in deportation orders.
Immigration of 30.
Illegal alien, can't have done Miami.
He hasn't called yet today,
which I'm very disappointed about.
Just wait.
No.
Nevertheless, well, I don't know if I'm going to be able
to get to any more calls now.
I've got to get to my pile.
I was very entertaining for a little while,
but now I got to dig into my pile, you know?
You mean it would hear from those same people all over again?
No, I think four or five times each was enough.
Although, that was a little bit different today.
That was, he's scared.
He's not a whole new, huh?
No, it wasn't.
Yeah, it was.
No, he actually said something.
Other than...
Hitler, Hitler.
Some immigrant rights activists were
that loud, national, and the bait of war
undocumented workers' futures
left many nervous and easily spooked.
Ooh.
Opponents they suggested could be spreading rumors of rage
just to scare workers away from political events.
I honestly think it's...
Oh, stop now.
I honestly think it's psychological warfare
and retaliation against immigrants in application
to the May 1 protest, Jonathan Fried,
going to the end of the hour,
in anticipation of those protests.
Jonathan Fried, if we counted,
Holmes did.
Raid rumors were not limited to South Florida.
Homeland Security officials said they were flooded
with telephone calls around the country
from the media and the public about the alleged random raids
by US Immigration and Customs Enforcement Agents.
US officials said they believed
the rumors started after Homeland Security Secretary
Mickey Churdov last week announced to crack that
against employers or undocumented foreign workers.
See, he slipped into Mickey.
His announcement came coupled with the disclosure
that ICE agents detained 1187
on authorized immigrants in 26 states,
including 38 in Tampa.
Oh, what a place.
You know what they were picking in Tampa?
Not let us, not the strawberries.
You know what they were picking?
Corridor?
No.
Raccoon total.
Then on Monday,
ICE officials in Miami announced the biggest wave of
criminal and undocumented immigrants in Florida in a decade.
It told about 183 people,
including 43 convicted criminals,
were detained in the Miami area in three other cities.
Most of them are grids,
130.
30 men.
And if any deportation orders,
but another 53 were detained because they were near
by one immigrant,
they just happened to be in the wrong place the wrong time.
When they found the alleged absconders,
so in other words,
they just happened to be hanging around.
Oh, well, let us grab you too while we are here.
While we are at it.
Yeah.
Let us make it a package deal,
speaking of poor Mike.
Yeah, I am thinking about so many of those people who died
and then so many people who are still alive,
you follow what I am saying?
Then we can like swap them out.
For example, I don't want to like pick on them,
but I would be one.
Oh, God.
Let us bring back Mike Reneurian,
just to put Greg in the box.
He has heard of the old jacket in the box.
How about a Greg in the box?
Sounds interesting to me.
We better keep leaning on that pull knob.
I see if I ease off on it,
because Josh isn't doing anything to help.
He is still worried about Zach.
Or what was your name?
Crack?
Yeah, that is it.
It is right.
Kathy with a crack problem.
835 votes on her.
We better get to well over 900 by the top of the hour.
It is going to be another one.
I don't want, you know, I am a little ill and I am making a nice recovery
here from this flu.
We got 842.
So we should be able to,
oh look at George Clooney talking about Sudan
and Darfur getting out of there already, you jackass.
Don't make another stupid ass movie, okay?
Don't make another serianna movie.
I symbol over it.
Just like everybody is supposed to be watching this, you know,
this flight, whatever the hell movie it is.
What is it?
93.
93.
And they keep whipping up.
Oh, this is how it was.
No, it is not how it was.
Any more than the temptation of Christ or whatever that,
what was the movie by Mel Gibson?
The Passion.
The Passion of Christ of Christ.
And then the Pope says,
the last guest's key to when it croaked there.
They were shluppin' around on it and slab.
Oh, it is as it was.
Yeah, because he says so.
That's how it was 2,000 years ago.
And this is how it was with all those phony cell phone calls.
It's supposedly all managed to get through from 32,000,
7,000 feet in the air, which it doesn't work period.
Isn't it amazing?
All the air we call got through.
That's something?
That's something.
Yeah, America is what it is.
And I'm going to say it again.
This crap about the big hero there.
He said, let's roll.
He didn't say let's roll.
He even got out of the tape now.
He said, roll it.
He was talking about the food cart.
They were trying to jam the way the cockpit and get it open again.
To get those lunatics out of there.
Roll it.
That lets roll.
That's what George always says.
Let's roll it.
Right?
Somebody else.
28 past noon.
Mom and you were a big radio star.
You have somebody else roll it for you.
That's right.
I buy it.
They roll it.
And that's exactly right.
And Sigourney Weaver goes out and buys the good stuff.
What tries to?
Thank you, babies.
It's she nipples.
It would cause us bad it's she nipples.
Like a fighting man.
It's she nipples.
It lets us scratch on the sense of chill.
This isn't our whole way to live.
Red and swollen on her top are some bloody shit.
Comprehensive.
It's not her's wonder if I have evil luggage.
It's fragile.
Here we go.
Roll it up against my teacher.
Holy hell, my nipples hurt.
What a blitch that's come over me.
Like a man, he'll run my chest.
So be by this raindrops.
I'm not pouring this in labo-vigie.
My keep to the sun.
There's no release.
I'm no extruder.
It's called this red-hose hole.
It's on her top.
Her's the buzz.
It should come right stop.
Her's sleeping.
She has on my bumper.
Wonder if I have evil luggage.
It's fragile.
Here we go.
Raging in balls.
Rull 35 at five sixty w.
If you have 850 p.v.
And Rich Walters got guess how many?
0.
Right.
Absolutely correct.
None.
My king this is only got one.
That's a guy who affects him.
And who ever wants to date.
Dave straighter to all he said he's seen him in the arena.
He looks like a shlaw, but he's great on the year.
Well, I guess nobody listens to the heat games on her radio.
Certainly nobody listens to the marlin games on her radio.
I'm gonna talk to him.
I'm gonna ask the ball in the radio.
Oh, nice to see, Esther.
I beg your pardon?
So it's kind of tough though.
Have you ever heard Johnny most of the Celtic games?
Of course, yeah.
He was on the radio.
I know.
He was great.
If he were Celtic, Sven, I hated him like poison
because I hated the Celtics, but he was a great announcer.
He was robbed!
Hamlet's ask all of them!
He was great.
He was kind of like a forwarded of Scott Furell,
and he was really a great playwright playing out.
So he was opposed to Furell who just was make play.
By the way, I'm not going on your show, Scott.
So leave me alone.
I'm not going on your show to discuss hockey
or hockey, trying to create anything else.
I get four hours, you know, I get paid when I'm on here.
Anyway, this story, even love.
Dana Milbanc, not really, no, no, no, no,
listen to Dana Bash.
Is she still, they still put that pinhead on there?
They a shrunken head on with the Ludobsons,
who I say every night.
I don't want to Ludobsons.
There's more of the situation room.
I am so sick and tired of that whole, you know,
that you don't want to say it's like the boy who cried
will flicks great.
Just over and over.
It would be like if I came out and talked about the same
damn thing every day for 30 years for Christ's,
after the first 20 years of it, people get a little bit,
even now as it is, the more the different things we talk about,
they still are getting up.
It's ponderous, man.
Although another five or 10 years of this would be good.
Just keep saying, no shows, just send the checks.
How's that sound?
All right.
That's what we're going to raise them.
Just keep saying the checks.
That's going to be the new contract that norm is working out.
How you come out on that, by the way,
you got that thing going on?
I've gotten that thing.
It goes over to the West Coast where they sit on it
and wait for it to hatch.
Well, I got news for you.
I'm not going to consider extending my deal until they get you guys
assigned sealed and delivered.
Okay, as Peter Frampton would say.
So I'm not going to consider extending till 25, 25.
All this talk, talk is easy.
Get off your ass over there and do something.
See, they can never do anything that is, as you know.
They always have to drag out and in addition to which,
I don't know why they drag your thing out,
because it's rectivactor to the first of the year anyway.
So no matter how much they stall,
the old stall routinely going to save money.
No, but it's just for aggravation sake,
because they like to treat everybody like crap.
They have a pace that they operate at.
I see.
Slow like the tortoise.
Anyway, did a meal back in the Washington Post,
writes, your general of this story, this is beautiful.
Ladies and gentlemen, start your engines.
Gas prices have gone about three bucks a gallon again
and that means it's time for another round of congressional finger pointing.
Since George Bush and Dick Cheney took over
his president and vice president,
gas prices have doubled.
Charge Senator Barbara Bach's Democratic California,
standing in the Exxon station on Capitol Hill,
where regular unleaded hit three, ten.
There are two cozy with the oil industry, she said.
Then she hopped in awaiting Chrysler LHS 18 miles a gallon,
even though her Senate office is only a block away.
Senator Chuck Schumer,
Democrat of New York, used a Hyundai Alentra
to make the one block during two and from the gas station news conference.
He posed in front of the fuel prices and gave a thumbs down.
Get top on big oil he demanded of the Bush administration.
Couldn't walk the block.
By comparison, Senator Maria Cantwell,
Democrat of Washington was a model of conservation.
He told a staff idling in a jet to leave without her,
then ducked into a sushi restaurant for lunch before making the journey back to work.
She walked.
What a concept.
Oh, I wonder if Greg was in that sushi restaurant.
I hear it's the best of the city, Greg.
Oh, sorry.
At about the same time,
House Republicans were meeting in Capitol in the Capitol for their weekly caucus,
topic A, gas.
The House driveway was jammed with cars many idly,
including H Chevy Suburban's that hit 14 miles a gallon.
America may be addicted to oil as your president puts it,
but Americans into the Nile phase of this addiction is evidenced by the behavior of its lawmakers.
They've proposed all kinds of solutions to hot gas prices,
taxes on oil companies, domestic oil drilling,
releasing petroleum reserves,
but they ignore the obvious that Americans drive too much in too big cars.
Senators were debating worse spending,
but yesterday, but the subject invariably turned the gas prices,
said a minority leader Harry Reid,
Democrat Nevada, gains his deputy to Durbin,
a little early in a riveting colloquy.
Is the Senator aware that the LA Times' headline reads today,
Bush proposals viewed as a drop in the bucket?
I'm aware of that, Durbin replied.
Senator Pete Domenici, Republican to Mexico,
responded with the economic slisten.
Oil is worth what people pay for it, he argued.
Senator Hillary Clinton sounded the alarms,
where one accident or one terrorist attack away from oil at least $100 a barrel.
Senator Lisa Murkowski, Republican of Alaska,
made a plea for conservation.
We have to move quickly to increase our oil efficiency,
he urged, but not too quickly.
After lunchtime, both senators emerged from the Capitol
for the drive across the streets of their offices.
Senator John Sanuno, Republican New Hampshire,
hopped in a GMC U-Conn, 14 miles ago,
Senator Jim Domencl, Republican of South Carolina,
signed aboard an ESON Pathfinder 15.
Senator Belman and Ben Nelson, Democratic brassier,
stepped in an eight-cylinder Ford Explorer 14.
Senator Diane Feinstein, Democratic California,
disappeared in a way Lincoln Towncar 17.
Senator Ted Kennedy met up with an idly Chrysler minivan,
that gets 18.
Next came Senator Bob Menendez of New Jersey greeted by a Ford Explorer XLT.
On the Senate floor, Tuesday, Minedis had complained
that Bush remains opposed to higher fuel efficiency standards.
Also waiting, three suburban,
they need sonar water V8, two Cadillacs and Alexis.
The greenest senator was Richard Luger,
who was picked up by his hybrid Toyota Prius 60 miles ago,
and acquired Drupal, the fuel efficiency of his Indian,
a counterpart, Evan By, who was met by a Dodge Durango V8-14.
As a political member, Democrats clearly sense
they have the advantage in high gas prices,
judging from the number of speeches and news conferences.
The cost of Republican corruption when it comes to energy
is hitting home very clearly
for the American middle-class houseman
where he lived in Nancy Pelosi,
insulted yesterday morning.
In the meantime, they're sucking up the gas,
man, look, it's coming out of the sky.
A sampling of senators and stat cars parked along Delaware Avenue,
northeast found that those displaying Democratic campaign bumper stickers
had a somewhat higher average fuel economy,
quite few miles ago than those displaying GOP stickers, 18.
In a very significant?
Yeah, yeah.
A fuel efficiency rating couldn't be found for the 1970s,
Volkswagen thing owned by Senator Richard Burr, Republican North Care,
probably to want to hit Bundy Drove, remember his bug?
Mm-hmm.
Maybe lawmakers, experienced a learned,
says, would GOP senators had a lunch Tuesday,
a couple of blocks from the Capitol, many took cars?
Senator John McCain emerged from the lunch looking for a ride
when he spied the Washington Post's Shaila Murray.
reconsidering, he set out on the foot.
I need the exercise, he said.
Yeah, as soon as he started reporting from the post,
all of a sudden he started needing exercise, real bad.
Make that jaw go back, make that cheek go back down.
Can you imagine if Jerry Lewis would have got the mumps
a couple years ago?
Oh, right.
How would you know?
870 votes, don't be slacking off on this pool
and by the way, Rich Walls is consistent.
They may not be good, but he still got the big.
Oh!
This is new Roger.
You're done, Rich.
This is 5.16 QAEK.
Roger John.
He's beautiful.
Oh, he's on fire right now.
He's a smoking little pistol, isn't he?
Really though, we're just like any other couple.
The lady's hot couple in Hollywood dies.
Even better than the three in the action surprise.
Right then, we're just friends, silly,
brought to you her blinds.
And now she's with child and her name's Angelina Jorund.
This act of that hotel will cause quite a further.
She's screaming so loud that the staff won't hurt.
They call the police that they already agreed.
You'd best bring them what's left you bang and tell me not to leave.
So she won't.
Oh, Bradford, Jan, I'm a sound.
We can't touch you again.
I'll keep you down for now.
Oh, she worked out my good news.
Well, Angelina put down.
Brad has got a new friend.
Since the late five thoughts, she's been out by the escrowman.
That morning, too, made us think worldwide of all this.
Oh, Brad doesn't mind the baby.
What's up in Chinese?
It's like joining the U.N.
with Angelina Jorund.
And we're working kids.
I saw them put away across the street.
So, I said, how much you liked them?
We had lots of other kids.
Our kids are really trackers.
Hurry up, ready, kid!
They saw them problem improvement, money, I guess.
1248, 881.
We better get to over 900 by the top of the air.
We're going to go through another one.
Down to the wire things.
I don't want to do that today.
Do you?
I don't like that.
Of course, it is very important.
We get to 1000 votes by two on our poor way.
Every day because I don't know why.
Because I said so.
How's that?
All right.
And Josh agrees because it adds a little, I don't know.
It's like a little challenge, you know?
Yeah.
I don't have like a little challenge.
I'm trying to slack by Dave Van Boring on a back during the middle of a Marlins game
and wake him up and make him a little more animated.
Which is why Josh ain't doing the job anymore because he tried it numerous times and never worked.
Here's a story you're just going to want to puke from.
Oh, God.
A nine month old boy was killed today this morning in Delray Beach.
After his father bashed him onto the hood of a car, then threw him into a canal during a domestic dispute.
Police say.
Okay.
That's charming.
Yeah.
Lovely.
Here's what police had happened early this morning.
Charles Edward Tyson, 20, and his partner, Shanika, Shanika Mosley, 17, and the baby, Charles Edward Tyson, Jr.
We're driving from Westbroker Community Hospital.
They were home in the 1300 block of Southwest Second Street.
It wasn't immediately known by the couple was at the hospital.
Police said the couple began arguing and most of them was accused of impidelity.
The argument escalated and Tyson threatened to kill the baby.
Maybe just a bad name, that Tyson thing, you know?
Maybe.
And Lyndon Boulevard in Congress 7, who Tyson threatened to throw the baby out of the window,
Mosley, who was driving, talked him down.
A short time later on the 700 block of Southwest 17, the app is Mosley slowed the car,
Tyson again threatened to throw the child out of the window, the car stopped.
This time police said he tossed the baby out the passenger side window into the dirt.
Mosley got out, ran to the baby, Tyson and Mosley struggled.
Tyson grabbed the baby out one leg and swung the child at the heart of the car.
Police said the impact was so hard it dented the hood of the car.
Mosley wrestled the child away, put the baby in the back seat of the car,
but Tyson jumped in behind the wheel and took off.
At the Loasin Bridge over the C4 Canal west of Congress, police say Tyson stopped the car
and took the baby out and threw him out of the canal and drove away.
He returned to Mosley and told her what he did.
He began screaming so hysterically that people in the neighborhood called the police.
It was 2.52 in the morning this morning.
Within a short time, police and firefighters found the baby floating in the water
about 10 feet offshore, about 300 feet south of the bridge.
That's floating in the water as in bed.
At 3.201A, and police went to the Tyson Mosley home, Tyson,
exit of the house telling police, take me to jail.
At 4.02, doctors at Delray Medical Center pronounced the baby,
Dade.
That's one of the most charming stories you've ever read in your life.
First, sterilization baby, I'm telling you right now,
you people laugh, think I'm joking about that,
fourth sterilization.
Okay.
Think what you want, that's the only hope.
No, you can think what you want, it's like never going to happen.
No, I understand that.
But I mean, look, people always say, well, give us the answer.
I've been giving you the answer for years now,
but you just, ah, ah, ah, okay.
This business of people reproducing like rabbits, you know,
as you know, it doesn't take like any great skill.
No.
Then take no great skill.
Sometimes it might give you a little thrill,
but then everything goes downhill.
886 votes on a pool.
We'd better get those other 14 by the top of the hour.
I want to breathe real easy during that one to two hour.
I can't believe I actually got through yesterday and today, you know.
I got up this morning, I had every intention,
because I was laying there in bed, I heard the facts machine fuking,
so I knew that you were already there,
because Josh would never be there with that hour.
And I don't blame him.
But I thought, well, George is there,
and day I could go in there and tell him, hey, you're around today,
and we covered four yesterday, it's my turn.
You could.
I don't want to do that.
Good.
I don't want you to do that.
Huh?
I don't want you to do that.
I don't like being one of those, of course, there's no way of knowing,
because I'm a long ways away.
I could be sick like one, two days a week, you know.
I work with people like that who are always out sick.
And then there were people who worked with who you wish they would have been sick like Rick Riley,
but that's your thing, you know.
Yeah, my faith.
Former Soviet president, my entire Gorbachev, that's the old great-stay man,
urged the world's biggest industrialized nation to set up a $50 billion fund to support solar power,
worrying that oil or nuclear energy were not viable energy sources for the future.
Gorbachev, a chair's an environmental fling tank, green cross-ittern national,
called on leaders of the group of eight industrialized nations to invest in renewable energy sources,
and a statement marking the 20th anniversary of the Chernobyl nuclear disaster.
Oh my God.
What about three mile island?
Why don't we have like a commemorate that?
Because nothing actually happened.
Well, but it could have though.
It could have, but it was going to be really bad.
I mean, every single great...
It failed as bad as it could, and yet nothing happened.
The death of John Lennon, the death of Elvis, the king, 20 years after Chernobyl,
oh yeah, the assassination of President Kennedy,
were very big on commemorating dates, you know.
And then we just keep doing the same crap over and over again.
As leader of the Soviet Union, 86 Gorbachev led the immediate response to the world's worst nuclear disaster,
which led to at least 4,000 deaths, and set a radioactive cloud over parts of Europe.
The green cross proposals were contained in letter-sensile leaders of the group of eight industrialized nations
who were due to meet in Russia in July.
Some of the proposals reported last week in the financial times.
The idea reflects our vision of a way of helping the energy and power-st in the developing worldwide creating
concentrations of solar energy in cities that could be used to prevent black ops Gorbachev set.
He turned out to be a pretty good guy in this guy, Gorby.
Remember the old Gorby group thing?
People are like, huh?
They think I'm under forehead.
And I've got my hair all sliced off.
I could like paste one on it.
I've got all forehead up there now.
I could face the big picture.
Yeah, but make it in the shape of something like, you know, butterfly or bird.
Butterfly would be good.
Butterflies are free.
Gorbachev said that nuclear power doesn't add up economically, environmental or socially.
Nuclear power, neither is the answer to modern energy problems or a panacea for private chain challenges.
He said, green cross and nuclear technology requires huge amounts of initial capital,
while decommissioning plants is hugely expensive and costs continue to be incurred long after the nuclear power station is closed, didn't it?
Direct subsidies to nuclear energy in the US total of 115 billion between 1947 and 1999,
with another 145 billion indirect subsidies, according to the non-governmental agency.
It said they dwarf those, spend on solar or wind power.
The G8 brings together Britain, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Russia and the USA.
They're all the Gorbachev.
I say let's bring them.
Let's get rid of Bush and put Gorbachev in there.
All right.
I think that's a sensational idea.
Sure.
Let's just get rid of Poon Tang over there and put Gorbachev in.
Sounds good.
Sounds like a capital idea to make.
Now we're going to make that big draft party Saturday.
So I'm going to say about that.
I'm tired of it.
And I'm sure if I'm tired of talking about the honestness,
it's tired of hearing that promo, you know.
Big thing Saturday, it's that the Hooters in Peppercines,
Mad Dog, Josie, the big O, who is always rock solid, 893.
We'll have it.
We'll have it look.
We'll have that 100 by the top of the hour.
And then you'll see the votes coming in a big, huge chunks.
Just like they did for Bush and Ohio there in those last couple of hours.
Remember that?
Oh, yeah.
All the exit polling.
Well, carry one.
Carry's the next president.
But it'll be, oh, not so fast.
We're going to call our buddy over a die-bow, man.
Sayin' I'm dying out here.
I'm dying out here.
I'm dying out here.
And all of a sudden, just when you thought that he was in,
they pulled him there.
It was kind of like reverse a godfather three.
Just when you thought carry was in, they pulled him back out.
How's that?
That was a good line.
See, you're always poo-pooing godfather three.
I'm glad that Josh now is there to stick up for me on it.
There were a lot of great lines in there.
Yeah, usually from the first two.
Did he say that in the first two?
I never said that.
Just when I thought I was out, they pulled me back in.
He's so damn good what he wants to be.
Al Pacino, he's been in a lot of crap.
And thank God you never saw it.
And never will see.
Puma!
The scent of old man, you can smell that when I'm mile away.
This is Neil Rush.
Smell what he came from.
That this is 5.69 AF.
Not just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon.
That's a wounding.
Sorry, it's all the gist that turned out to be a hypocrite.
Stop.
You're damn right.
Who is the dude that gets married when they put down some food?
Stop.
Can you do it?
Who's the cat that's making fun of every other religion?
Stop.
Not only.
This is shit, this one brainwash mother.
Shit, show me.
I'm part of a chef.
Then you can do it.
He's a two-faced boy hard.
But no one understands him, but I'm a hovers.
Shit.
I took the lead.
Excuse me, but I do believe that's just s.
It's 1.156.
If anybody could have messed up a gigantic one or two hours,
our gildy warm-up hour, gildy two to four,
I have a feeling we're going to be here in a lot more of gildy.
Oh my god.
We got 906 votes, we got the 900 mark top.
We should be okay, right?
Okay, when you think we're okay.
Okay.
Okay.
And the good news is Rich Waltz out of over 90 votes, he finally got one.
Either a relative, maybe Mrs. Waltz, or maybe a sympathy vote, you think?
Or maybe both of these, right?
Very sad.
Although, you know, best of all time, that covers a lot of people.
You know, maybe they think he's pretty good, but he sure is telling you,
no, Jimmy Sipyllis, for example.
Heck of a job on those dolphin games, by the way, Jimmy, not.
I hope those guys don't lose another 3.5 for million under dolphins this season, when that be bang.
Because even with all the money that they've got over there, the fineberg family,
it's just, it probably has to be a limit to the amount of red ink that they're going to swallow over there.
And next Tuesday morning, they can do all the cranking that they want.
The fact that it's next Tuesday morning, you just wait.
Because in this particular case, you know, this station is already, we've already shown their stuff,
you know, with Mad Dog and Hank, and of course, we're still doing okay here.
But what do they got? You know, if they keep doing the ones in the twos, it's just a matter of time,
and it's going to be, bye-bye, it's going to be like RFX, Fox Sports Radio all over again.
Or it's going to be like the fan 1980 on a radio dial all over again.
Maybe they can get more testies just draw to back up.
Speaking of radio, which is as alien from QA, is anything I can think of.
David Lennahan, remember we had that story about the guy that got fired and didn't say Lewis?
Okay.
David Lennahan was dismissed in March from KTRS in Lewis after using the word Koon during conversation about US Secretary of State,
Condoleuser Rice, interpotential credentials for the job of NFL commissioner.
We churned there this week on News Talk, KRMS AM.
Well, it must be the MS, KRMS in Osage Beach, Missouri, a one kilowatt,
that's a 1000 watt station looking into the Southwest of Differences City.
Kind of a little puddles up a radio station, kind of like the light bulb.
The Kansas City Star reports that Lennahan will host the 4-6PM slot on the station for the next two weeks.
KRMS owner Dennis Coutser told the newspaper that he spoke too long ahead about the potential full-time job of the station.
But he reports the talk host runs from Maine in St. Louis where he also does post-doctoral research in spinal cord injury at Washington University.
Lennahan was apologized several times for his rice remark and said he mis-spoked while trying to say the word Koon, COUP, told the star.
I'm just down here getting back behind the mic.
He had to learn from things and move on, he said, as in move on, dot work.
Kind of, I don't know, it just seems hard to put the two together.
You know, a guy who's doing, he does post-doctoral research in spinal cord injury at Washington University,
and he went on the air at KTRS in St. Louis and said, Koon instead of Koon,
but somehow the pieces of that puzzle don't fit together in my mind.
I'm saying, what, people mis-speak all the time.
Yeah.
Lucky if you were to say kind of loser.
That would be bad.
Like that.
That's Dr. Rice too.
Yeah.
American rapper Snoop Dogg was in police custody the day after being arrested with five other men following the disturbance at London's Hito Airport, a police source be saying,
Oh, come on.
Oh, playing the keystone for what you've ever heard.
I'll keep your laugh.
I'll keep your laugh.
The 34-year-old star from a movie No Turing might as well have been.
Scott Lanyard said seven police suffered minor injuries including a fractured hand after the record of the airport around six o'clock last night to deal with the disturbance involving some 30 people.
And a British Airways business lounge members of the group became abuses said a police spokesman after asking to throw them to reclaim their baggage.
Six members of the group all aged near 30.
Scott Lanyard was subsequently arrested on suspicious of violent disorder and afraid whatever that is afraid the spokesman said.
Dog, whose real name is Calvin Votus, became one of the rap's biggest stars after his debut album Doggy Style topped the charts in 1993.
Does that dokey style?
Dog and the other men all Americans were taken to two west London police stations where they were held in custody.
Media reports that thank God the birds aren't rowdy like that especially during soccer.
Media reports that Dog was waiting for a flight to Johannesburg in South Africa.
British Airways spokesman told the Daily Mirror there was an incident involving a group of passengers that are allowing who are some passengers who are rude and abusive to our staff.
And that's something we don't tolerate.
We ain't going to put up with that kind of crap even if he's doing some pretty good rap.
And he also told the brits, I think you're right.
I think they weren't buying it.
By the way, thanks again Mr. President for those low gas prices or companies reject price-scarging accusations and making record-
put these pieces of this puzzle together.
Record unbelievable profits, eight billion dollars net profit for ex-out on the first quarter and they say they're not gouging the public.
Does that piece fit in your puzzle?
Right.
Do you have any new puzzles when you were a kid?
Yeah, when I was a kid.
I guess everybody did.
You ever did probably Josh is still doing them.
Oh yeah, I'm doing one right now.
He's puzzling.
A QAM puzzle.
Yeah.
He's putting that exact puzzle together.
Watch out for the real big piece there where it's back to him.
912 votes on our poll today.
It's a pretty, uh, yeah.
Conclusive, I would say.
South Voters best played by play sports cash of all time is.
I hate this poll 151.
I hate wins again.
Oh, I hate all over the place here.
Rick Weaver 138.
He was great.
138.
But they hate.
I hate sports.
106.
Joe Angel 102.
Boy, they made a bad mistake there when they screwed him over.
He was, he was good.
He put something in it where you know, he was like a live and enthusiastic and had his own cornbalk clichs.
You know, put it in the win count.
But at least he, you know, had some personality as opposed to that current stiff we got.
Those in for a 67, sunny, harsh 65, more Howard David did a 47.
But it got more votes if he would know the names of the players.
And one more that jets out for the games all the time.
That was bad.
Bad form.
Luke Shamby 41.
Dave Albright in 40.
Scorio Dave.
Go away.
Remember the time they brought him in on my show on IOT that one day?
No.
You know?
No.
I just blighted my brain filter catch.
Yeah, I wouldn't blame him.
One of the ego.
Eric Reed who talks to his team for TV voice of the heat.
He's got 26.
Don't forget S stands for 5.
Joseph Gacky 25 who desperately needs that personality transplant soon.
Gelly 17 just needs a vocal cord transplant.
Maybe we'll get like a group group operation.
Maybe the same doctor that performed the operation and most hair piece could do those operations.
You think?
Maybe?
Maybe supposed to get up.
One, two, three.
Mark Van Damier only 14.
I guess they forgot about him.
He was very good.
He was in sports and a good guy.
He was what?
And a good guy.
He was a good guy but his wife was a real pain in the ass.
Remember she was always behind my back.
How come the arrived?
He's always picking out Joseph Gacky.
I think he was the other thing for Joe.
Was that his wife?
I thought that was Rivers White.
No.
Mark Van Damier's wife.
Rivers White.
What does she care about Joseph Gacky?
Rivers White was all bad out of shape because of the fact that you were always picking on him.
Yeah.
And me and me too.
Or the dude again.
I just hate period of 13.
Just hate dot dot dot.
Just hate.
Jeff Rimmer 9.
Isn't that interesting that he follows?
I just hate dot dot dot.
Jeff Rimmer 9.
Len Casper 7.
Dave Van Horn only 7.
How many seasons now?
Is it about four or five?
He's been doing a Marlon game demonstration.
Josh, on this will be his...
Five.
Six.
Six.
Yes.
He's just doing one vote a year.
A little bit better than that.
Boy, that's not too impressive to me.
Dave Van Horn 7.
Coma Man.
Josh McDonald 6.
Fuddy Dutty.
Even when he was like not 100 years old and he could see something back in the island today,
he's still always sounded the same.
He was really upset when I called.
He was in the car with Rimmer one day and I said he's an old hack.
Very upset.
But you know what he was?
What?
Old hack.
I just never liked him.
I mean, you know, he might...
I don't know.
He might be a good guy.
Rimmer said no, but he might have been a good guy.
But he just, to me, was just never very good.
Jimmy Sifilus 5.
I mean, that's just my opinion, Josh.
Don't think it personal.
I mean, you're going to be in the nursing home pretty soon anyway.
Jimmy Sifilus 5.
Chris Moran 4.
Dave Strader 4.
Mike Englis has got one.
Speedy Englis, baby.
Speedy Englis.
You want to live in...
Who did more for South Florida, okay?
People with Speedy Englis or pick up...
I'll pick it up on you, huh?
Mike Englis, L1 and Rich Walls, finally got one.
Out of 916.
Better keep you around that total, man.
I want to make damn sure we get to that.
So look at that.
Just refresh it.
Still 916.
You people got a lot of work to do on your Rogers.com.
Don't just sit back, rest it on your fat ass or your laurels, okay?
And what is that?
What does that mean resting on your laurels?
I know it's supposed to be resting on what you've done in the past, but right?
Well, I mean, laurels are racetracked in Maryland, but what are laurels?
You know, laurels are those things that they place on your head like the ancient Greeks,
like around Caesar's head.
Oh, like Jesus' head?
No.
Those are different laurels.
Oh.
They placed around Judas Caesar's what?
Brestome.
Yeah.
Was that before after I got stabbed during...
Oh, I see.
917.
You see that the votes are pouring in.
There's Susan Collins again.
He's the organist.
He's almost as...
Why any year's old let's create.
I'm sure glad that I got you tuned into a trilogy.
I just dropped all my stories on it.
Oh.
Turn out a loot dumps because now you get a chance to see the situation room and see how
a daddy will play.
And they consider him to be the cast me out.
He's the big Jesus.
He's old?
Yeah.
I'm CNN.
What do you think he's on there in prime time?
All right.
And then even after a loot dumps, he comes back again in the situation room.
He's a cadaver.
He is pathetic.
Not to mention, of course, a card carrying Nazi.
This is Neil Roger.
This is 560.
Check out those boots.
Power David's a bitch.
That's a booster.
Who is she?
She's a booster.
Do I get no money?
The other guy's a bad guy.
The other guy's a booster.
That's a booster.
Who is she?
Another average is dead.
This is from your man.
What's he doing?
Who is he?
What's he doing?
Who is he?
Why did he attack us?
What the hell did we do?
Don't keep the swine when we are hanging?
I do not do torture or what is a boogie?
What is a boogie?
Give it a Christian like the looser, right?
What is a boogie?
What is a boogie?
A bachelor's boogie.
Give it a looser, please.
Give it a homer's boogie.
Stop, we don't dispense it.
But give us back who say...
Who is she?
A boogie.
Who is she?
A boogie.
I won't hate you.
I won't hate you.
Who is she?
Who is she?
A boogie?
A bachelor's boogie.
What you do want you?
A boogie.
A boogie.
A boogie.
18 is 560 W.
Guelden coming up at 2 o'clock.
That's why we are a little tough to maintain our momentum here today.
Our momentum.
You don't have to do it.
930 votes.
Now how many?
About 30, man.
So we got 70 votes.
We still got some more to do you folks out there.
You better hop on it, baby.
931 is another one.
Rich Wall still has only one.
931.
We need 69 votes in 42 minutes.
We should be able to do that, but you never know what this crowd.
Here, this from the Charlotte Observer, because I know you are all whipped up about those lacrosse players.
So other of the accuser in the rape case involving Duke University lacrosse player said his daughter was rafedited with a broomstick during a party last month.
And that explains the defense lawyer's claims that no DNA from the players was found on her.
Well, should they start looking for like splinters maybe?
Maybe.
I thought how you'd do it.
Oh.
The woman's father appearing on MSNBC's Weed of Cosby Live at the Direct Tuesday night said his daughter told him that when three team members raped and satirized at her, they also used a broom.
The father said he learned about the broomfather from others, and then she took a fifth finger name as in Hilly, you know what?
Oh, that's bad.
It is bad.
It was very insensitive and obnoxious.
I'm really glad I said it.
The father said he learned about the broomfather, and then she told me afterward because she didn't want me to know that party said.
Well, it's not that I'm insensitive, but I just, I don't know how the media picks and chooses, you know.
First of all, nobody gives a crap about lacrosse.
That's number one.
Secondly, there are women getting raped brutally every day in America, all over North America, all over the world, and nobody seems to even fly and crap about any of those women.
Yeah, they were raped by the lacrosse team.
Oh, I see.
But like I said, nobody cares about lacrosse.
Food had been the football team.
They had another story.
Durant the civil rights activist, Victoria Peterson told the observer on Wednesday that an investigator in a case told the woman had been satimized with an object.
He didn't say a broom, just an object said Peterson has become a friend and advised that the woman's family since the party.
He told me she wasn't just raped at it.
She was terribly satimized with it.
When reached by the observer on Wednesday, this home-to-woman's father said he was leaving for a doctor's apartment and couldn't talk.
The fancielers for the players were not available and didn't return phone calls for comment.
Police officials also were a mom.
In papers filed with the court, police have searched the B. Canabelle Barthouse where the party occurred, made no mention of ceasing a broomstick.
And a broomstick was not among the items police said they wanted to seize when they applied for the search warrant.
The woman's father also said in the TV interview that his daughter had considered dropping the case because of the immense pressure from all the attention in public debate.
She has talked about it as a matter of fact she told me it was going to be too much out of the father since she couldn't take it.
So far she's still hanging in their top.
Peterson said she's spoken with the accused twice and found her other great duress.
She's depressed, she's crying.
She needs help. This lady is out of it, he said.
He's a civil rights activist and of course this must be a racial thing because she's black.
And naturally there are no black girl across players.
So we know that the cross players were very lily white.
There's one other thing.
There was one black girl across player.
That's what I heard.
I didn't see him.
I believe if there was one we haven't seen him.
He was the one guy who wasn't tested.
Oh I see. Well I mean because she said it was all white guys.
There you go. So it's got to be a racial thing.
Just like Susan Smith, remember when there was a black guy's kidnap to her kid just the world yet.
What? Just the one what? Was there one black guy?
That's right.
Well what happens is it make me just making it up anyway.
There's a little bit ten of them you know.
A whole game.
Poor Susan man, her local residents there, her fellow citizenry in South Carolina.
They didn't want to be responsible for her death.
So they let Susan live.
And now she's having those exciting lesbian relationships behind bars that were reading about in the tabloids.
You have read about that.
Nope.
Oh yeah. Some people go in behind bars and get good old time religion.
She just haven't good old time.
Is what we're hearing.
Oh there's Jose Jimenez Gonzalez, your attorney general.
Director Clark will now make a few remarks.
Nine thousand plus fugitives captured nationwide operation.
I don't want to get you illegal aliens nervous but aha.
Here we go.
The former attorney general and also wanting to adopt an attorney in the Japanese special agents.
Troopers, police officers, county sheriff.
Now to Mark baby who made this a lawyer illegal.
And this country is suspected that there are literally thousands of people wanting for some sort of sex crime.
That's a scarlet number.
But as part of the attorney general's priority to protect our nation's children and others from sexual predators.
We used operation and foul.
Before we hit the streets, I told our law enforcement teams that whether you catch one sex offender
or one hundred, they were going to make our children, their communities, and our country
safer.
In that end, we got more than 1,000 fugitives, wanted on sexually related offenses, and I
couldn't be more frowned to the results.
The Senate may look at this and think it's just a way to pat ourselves on the back for
doing our jobs, but that would not do justice to what an amazing operation this was.
Amazing.
No, you think it was amazing?
Amazing.
It may be, it may be, it may be, it may be, it may be, it may be.
Special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald has said to be mulling perjury or obstructive justice
charges according to Thursday's LA Times against Carl Rove.
Also according to Washington Post, Rove has said to be unsure if he'll be indebted and
spent three hours before the grand jury yesterday.
Rove for the first time partly waved his attorney-client privilege to detail conversations he
had with his attorney, Robert Luskin, about the leak.
As now is your bit of source for the post.
The post says Rove testimony focused almost exclusively on his conversation about Valerie
Plain with Tom magazine reporter Matt Cooper in 2003, and whether the top eight later tried
to conceal it, the source said.
Rove testified in essence that it would have been a suicide mission to deliberately lie
about his conversation with Cooper because he knew before and that it eventually would
be revealed to source said.
Rove has said yesterday that they expected this is none ruse fate soon.
After several hours, Rove has photographed leaving the courthouse, it was no whether he
would return.
Rove has been under scrutiny over whether he promptly disclosed to investigators in the
grand jury, conversations he had with the urinalist about CIA officer Valerie Plain,
whose identity was leaked to the meeting in the summer of 2003.
It was a crime to disclose the identity of a covert CIA agent.
Special prosecutor Fitzgerald has believed to be considering perjury or obstruction charges
against Rove or charges that he offered misstatements to investigators.
In other words, lied.
How can they just say lie through his teeth to cover his ass?
Why can't they just say like that?
Right?
Misstatements.
Well, I misspoke.
Yeah.
W.Q.A.M.
Hello.
See when you catch him off guard, they're just not prepared.
Do you hear anybody there?
I'm line one.
I doubt it.
No, don't hear anybody.
Good.
That was excellent.
When you least expect it, I might stick one or two calls in here this far.
So you got something really important for us.
You better, you know, you better just be a hopper on it.
How we doing on that poll?
We're going to make our thousand or what?
We don't.
I'm going to blame it on Goliath here that right now.
942.
We got 36 minutes to do the math.
We need about one and a half a minute.
942 is still, so I just be frustrated.
It's still 942.
Now, if we would have put some great sportscaster on here like I'm trying to think of somebody,
have we been anybody out?
I don't know me.
The first, I think Joe Colony was at his name from a channel 10.
I think there were one or two guys before Weaver.
Of course, he was not that good.
Eighth theostate identified as America's most distrusted minority court to a new University
of Minnesota study.
Oh, look at this, all of a sudden now.
Deputy QAM, hello.
Hey, all of you.
Deputy QAM, hello.
They're like Neil.
Yeah.
This government, they can fly in there.
Yeah.
They do their job and they lie about it.
Well, thanks.
Well, we're used to that.
We work in radio.
Americans increasing.
I get a whole bunch of them ringing there, but I'll get to you or not.
I got important stuff here.
You know, say something.
Yeah.
Well, look, I want to get through my pile.
OK.
I've got my apported rounds.
The Lord called me this morning on the bad phone.
And either that was Ned Bady in the ITT boardroom and said, look, dummy.
You run a radio and you've got to do your thing.
I said, OK, do you do it?
I went in.
I did.
Americans increasing acceptance of religious diversity does not extend to those who don't
believe in a God.
According to a national survey by researchers at the University of Minnesota Department of
Sociology.
And by the way, to my neighbor across the street, get lost with that crap.
OK.
Now.
Well, I'm telling you, cut the crap, Cindy.
From a telephone sample, more than 2,000 households university researchers found that Americans
rate atheists below Muslims, recent immigrants, gays, and lesbians.
What about gay atheists?
Oh, God.
How about gay Jewish atheists?
Gays and lesbians and other minority groups ensuring their vision of American society.
Atheists are also the minority group.
Most Americans are at least willing to allow their children to marry.
Oh, gee, I guess you're not going to marry your children.
Even though atheists are a few and number, not...
Oh, this is so such crap.
Few and number, not formally organized and relatively hard to publicly identify.
They're seen as a threat to the American way of life by a large portion of the American
public.
Atheists who account for about 3% of the U.S. population offer a glaring exception to the
rule of increasing social tolerance over the last 30 years.
Buster, the man.
And Penny Edgel, associate sociality professor in the studies lead researcher.
She also argues that today's atheists played the role that Catholics, Jews, and Communists
have played in the past.
They offer a symbolic moral boundary to membership in American society.
It seems most Americans believe that diversity is fine, as long as everyone shares a common
core of values that makes them trustworthy in America that has historically been religious,
she said.
Many of the studies respondents associate atheism with an array of moral indiscretions ranging
from criminal behavior to rampant materialism and culturally leadism.
Not to mention being an old provert, troll, for example.
This is Neil Rodger, who's not as wrong with that.
This is 5608-8608.
I was a student at the University of New York.
I was a student at the University of New York.
I was a student at the University of New York.
I was a student at the University of New York.
I was a student at the University of New York.
I was a student at the University of New York.
I was a student at the University of New York.
I was a student at the University of New York.
I was a student at the University of New York.
I was a student at the University of New York.
I was a student at the University of New York.
I was a student at the University of New York.
I was a student at the University of New York.
I was a student at the University of New York.
I was a student at the University of New York.
I was a student at the University of New York.
I was a student at the University of New York.
I was a student at the University of New York.
I was a student at the University of New York.
I was a student at the University of New York.
I was a student at the University of New York.
I was a student at the University of New York.
I was a student at the University of New York.
I was a student at the University of New York.
I was a student at the University of New York.
I was a student at the University of New York.
I was a student at the University of New York.
You're the one that's always saying.
I know.
Well, there you go.
It always comes back to the same spot.
That's right.
Senator Lieutenant John Martin with the Harris County Sheriff's Department in Spring, Texas.
They then poured bleach over the boy, apparently trying to destroy DNA evidence and left him for dead.
He wasn't discovered until Sunday a day after the attack.
The victim was not identified, suffered severe internal injuries, and remains in critical condition today.
Keith Roberts turned and said, did you see the picture of the two slime balls?
No, I was.
And I was in and I had a little boy told that.
Even the guys up in the woods and in deliverance would have run away from these two.
That's how scary they look.
Keith Roberts turned her 17 and David Henry Tuck, as with the T18, her charge with aggravated sexual assault and vestigated.
Prosecutors are considering whether to attach hate crime charges, but unless the victim dies, the possible penalty would be the same.
If the boy dies and it's ruled a hate crime, the attackers could face the death penalty.
Good.
Pride or ass, man.
Get the needle, Watson, quickly.
The case has been turned over to the homicide division.
authority set bond to 100 grand for Turner and $25,000 for Tuck.
Spring is a middle class, largely white suburb of 36,000 residents located by 10 miles north of the Houston City Line.
Oh, boy.
It's all redneck here, the man where trailer trash runs the roof.
In fact, look what we got for president.
That should tell it all.
There you go.
Good old Texas boy.
By way of communicator where we're going to let the claim is from.
Look at that.
More than 1,000 months cases suspect an eye.
Well, let's spread a rumor that that's a terrorist thing.
It's terrorist thing.
Oh, okay.
And that they're also running up all the illegals today, especially the ones who've got months.
If you have months or months, you're going to wind up in the dump.
965, you need 35 and 24 months.
That should be doable.
I would think.
See, when I first came in this morning, I thought, no, we're not going to get, because I didn't put this on it like 12, 30 last night.
When I came back from my late plunge at Woodbuying, from fighting to try to get some of my money back, which I did there toward the SN.
It was okay.
I found a good machine.
In fact, if I would have stayed there, it was just too damn late.
You know, I hate to do that.
Never leave a good machine.
Oh, look what somebody's faxing to us right now.
Can't wait to send this to you.
Something I'm going to have to start about spring taxes.
9 month old Delray boy, dying after death throws him into canal.
Oh, the light is just way to half an hour ago.
Yeah.
Thank you so much, but you're a little bit late and by the way, President Washington is still looking for his stillers, wouldn't he?
965 votes.
Come on.
Let's get on the stick here, man.
You people are so, that would be another, and that's what we had yesterday.
So many adjectives for soft food and the people who are there.
But brain did, I guess, that covers this whole deal, you know?
Try to motivate soft food.
Like trying to have a party in a cemetery.
Hey, everybody, let's go.
Like that.
XM satellite radio holdings in corporate.
They reported a wider loss for its first quarter today.
While revenue is more than doubled as the company continues its rush to sound up subscribers.
In other words, they're sending up more people, but they're losing their ass.
XM, the larger of nations to satellite radio providers, and I'm serious about that,
lost 151 million or 60 cents a share.
In the three months, that's just the first quarter, and it marks 31,
versus the loss of 122 million or 58 cents a share in the first quarter last year.
Revenue's climbed the 208 million from 102.6.
As the company's subscriber counts, while the 6.5 million,
up 72% from people who named it in the same time a year ago.
In the most recent quarter, XM signed up 569,000 subscribers.
So in other words, they're sending up more people, but they're losing a lot more money.
XM and its smaller rival, Sirius satellite radio, are spending heavily the sign-up subscribers
and programming talent for their businesses, which offered dozens of channels of talk news and music
for fees of about 13 bucks a month.
This week, XM announced the unusual agreement under which a shock-to-out team of Greg Opie,
who is an anti-Kumi, would appear on seven stations owned by CBS,
which lost its own star Howard Stern to Sirius at the beginning of the year.
Opie and Anthony, but a beep that a book we know all about them, and about St. Patrick's Cathedral,
and we applaud them for that.
Even though William Donahue was very pissed off about it, but now he likes them.
Yeah, apparently he'd be a star for that.
Maybe they've seen the blife.
Maybe they made a nice donation to the countless church.
Probably knows.
Maybe they know where a lot of altar boys live.
I have no idea.
But all of a sudden, he sure turned it around, you know?
It reminds me of those days, and you're the one that always has to tell me what's the name of the commission
with the movies and the 30s?
The Hays Commission.
See, if I would just do word association and think of Dr. John Hays or Purple,
or Purple Hays or Gabby Hays, or Woffeberg Bays or 19th President,
then I would remember the Hays Commission.
It's the same thing with the Catholic Church.
It's just arbitrarily as if this is a Nevada can or something,
says, oh, well, this is what it's going to be.
We're going to censor the movies, and we're going to censor what Opie and Anthony are going to do.
And we're going to pass judgment.
Who now cares what William Donahue thinks about it, you know?
Right.
But even care what Phil Donahue thinks.
He's a lunatic.
William Donahue, he has to crunch his teeth all the way up to the top.
He's always angry.
He's always angry.
In fact, you probably want to guess a vote on that.
I hate period, period, period, period, period, dot, dot, dot, dot.
I hate that.
974.
We got 21 minutes, and we need 26 votes.
Boy, that should be really easy.
976.
21 minutes and 24 votes.
See, I'm a little bit afraid, not to keep pumpin' this.
Because if I ease off, then it would get to like right to the precipice, then that'll be an end of guilty.
You'll come on.
977.
You see they're pouring in.
You see, I don't want to just mention of guilty.
As a matter of fact, if we don't get to 1000, the guilty is on the rest of the week.
This is Neil Rush from September 4th.
This is 516-Q-A-F.
Absolutely.
I'm a little bit afraid, not to keep pumpin' this.
I'm a little bit afraid, not to keep pumpin' this.
I'm a little bit afraid, not to keep pumpin' this.
I'm a little bit afraid, not to keep pumpin' this.
I'm a little bit afraid, not to keep pumpin' this.
I'm a little bit afraid, not to keep pumpin' this.
I'm a little bit afraid, not to keep pumpin' this.
I'm a little bit afraid, not to keep pumpin' this.
I'm a little bit afraid, not to keep pumpin' this.
I kicked you ass.
145 at 516-Q-A-F.
I'm a irritate. We can pay that for four hours and get an 80 share easy.
Make no mistake.
I kicked you ass.
Yeah.
Call the I kicked your ass segment.
993 votes.
We need only seven more.
Why it's so close and yet so far?
You can almost reach out and touch greatness.
There's Mickey Churdov on TV.
Heck of a job, Mikey.
Mickey, whatever you're a 994, only six to go.
We can't do that in 14 minutes.
We might as well fold up our pump-tint and go home.
In fact, let's just cause Hank got off early this morning because he couldn't hear us.
So let's just leave now.
Hang up at Massachusetts.
I don't know why you let me talk to all those idiots today because it ate up so much of my valuable time here.
I got a really great article by Bob Herbert.
I'm sorry.
I won't do anything until tomorrow.
Yeah. Why'd you let me do that?
You're the one who likes to call.
That's right.
Especially triple times over from the same people.
I said he likes to call as best if he has to scream.
That's gonna start next week.
Bob Herbert stuck with Bush.
No, it's actually like the part where he just pots it down.
That's his new thing now.
Fade.
Yeah, just fade away.
Hey, we're tied Roman Catholic priest already waiting trial on child rape charges facing new charges,
mostly a mentally retarded person, lovely.
Anthony Lurano, 81, was arrested Tuesday at his hall home at his hall, Massachusetts,
on four counts of indecenous salt and battery at a mentally retarded person who lived near him.
The Plymouth District Attorney's office is not releasing the person's age or gender,
but the alleged assault took place at various times over the past four years,
spokeswoman Bridget Norton Middleton said.
Lurano pleaded not to leave as the way men in Hingham District Court on two.
Today was released on personal reconnaissance.
He screamed on bail after he was indebted a year ago on two counts of rape of a child,
stemming from allegations that he sold an eight-year-old boy 15 years ago,
while past your San Marys church in Plymouth, while a father.
For your father.
Prosecutors asked that Lurano was bailed, they were hooked that he'd be held,
but the judge's not the request.
Lurano retired in 1995, was placed on administrative leave and was barred from performing any priestly duties since 2002,
according to a statement from the Boston Art Styses.
His schedule returned to court on new charges May 24.
He also faces a court hearing on the old charges sometime in May.
How about we'll soon look, I'll think of it in my own honor of odd, whatever that is.
Jose Mart, Simon Boulevard.
Yeah, Boulevard.
How is the Fernando Magellan doing, though?
How's he doing? What?
How come we don't teach anybody about all those great explorers, huh?
Well, they try. People don't listen.
People don't pay attention.
And that's the importance of man Christopher Columbus, that great Jewish sailor.
The CIA has operated more than a thousand secret flights over EU territory in the past five years,
some to transfer terrorist suspects and practice known as extraordinary rendition.
They come up with all these further.
We got the roadmap, we got the quintet, we got rendition,
and investigation by the European Parliament says,
the figures were significantly higher than previously thought.
EU Parliamentarians are conducted the investigating to include that incidents
when terrorist suspects were handed over to US agents did not appear to be isolated.
They said the suspects were often transported around Europe on the same planes by agents
whose names repeatedly came up in their investigation.
The accused of the CIA have kidnapped terrorist suspects, suspects,
instead of responsible for monitoring your safety regulations revealed the unusual flight paths
to and from European airports.
The reports author had said in MEP, Claudio Fava, suggested some EU governments knew about the flights.
How about Manajula Mazzalia instead of saying, Marone?
We got into a debate about the estate.
Josh thought Marone was a bad...
I mean, technically, I don't know what it might mean, like, oh crap, but at any rate.
I thought it was a color.
Now that's in Spanish, it's brown.
I'm surprised you knew that, no, none of the Spanish people around here knew that.
What?
So I thought I was making a joke, I was like, Marone.
No, Marone.
Yeah, he's not, no, he's making a bad joke.
Marone?
Marone!
Manajula Mazzalia, chippeaky, wow.
He suggested flight paths in there for logs made it hard to believe that many of the stopovers
were refueling missions.
The CIA has on several occasions fairly been responsible for kidnapping and illegally detaining alleged terrorists on the territory of EU member states,
as well as for extraordinary renditions that Mr. Fava, I love his beans, as member of the European Parliament's Socialist Group.
Nice candy and some Fava beans.
I don't...
That's one of those movies as much as I like it.
I've seen it about 400 times since then, and I really don't need to see it again.
I ate his liver with some Fava beans and a nice candy.
Yeah, probably it was really grandma boom.
Oh, you know, Mark and Helen Dale Beats, there's nothing worse than becoming, he's becoming almost as chronic on a fax machine as the other friend Mark who we haven't heard from in a while, thank God.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
Didn't we start this morning with, well, let's end today, we started this morning with a fax from Mark, I forget what that was about.
It was fine, and this one says, in response to the article you read this are stating that atheists are not to be trusted.
A 1995 poll connected by the US Department of Justice revealed that 80 to 90% of US inmates have a religious affiliation,
let the believers stick that in their pipe and smoke it, says, Mark, you're heathenbuck, malnady, but you're okay in our book, Mark, I don't prep a crap.
Senate panel calls for abolishing FEMA, I don't have time to get to that.
Americans want third major political party.
See, here's the funny part of it.
Many adults in the US believe there should be a viable alternative to Republicans and Democrats going to pull by the Princeton Survey Research Associates for Pew Research Center for people in the press.
53% of people believe there should be a third major political party up 3 points since June of 2004, but...
Well, the problem is we've had other parties, but they suck, you know.
Ralph Nader, that jackass that he gets his running as a reform party candidate, in 2004 got 0.34, got a third of a point of all caste ballots.
Yeah, and then there were the Wigs.
Yeah, but Moga really is.
Michael and of course Dave Van Boring, oh my God, talk about a bad piece.
Michael Van Narik of the Libertarian Party was fourth in the race with 0.32% followed by Michael Peruzka of the Constitution Party with 0.11% and David Cobb of the Green Party at 0.09%.
900s, not even a tenth of a percent, 900s of a percent.
So they're looking for alternative, but they just haven't found it yet.
Maybe both history could do it.
Called the PP, the Pidanctic Party.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.8.
You get a lot of it.
All right.
The New Rogers on the Sports Hole Radio, WQ.A.L.
The New Rogers on the Sports Hole Radio.
Hey, man.
Go, man.
Look at me. Go, man.
Hey, get out of my face.
Out.
And that's the way.
Hey, is there an L in that word?
Is there a L?
Or a L?
Or a L?
Forget the letter, man.
I'll say, when I want to be beautiful, maybe you'll be a little home game.
Got me a stick, get for a narrow plane.
All right.
I'm on the Wheel of Fortune Games.
I just love that sound.
I'm in the bonus round.
Hey, Van Narik, pick me a letter.
No one's not going any better.
I dream of all you all right.
That isn't all over again.
Van Narik, I don't need to stare, but are you wearing underwear?
Not for me to say.
Anyway, I don't care how much money I got to spend.
Can't stand to look.
That fact, that day, jack again.
Won't throw in the towers.
Still, I buy your vows.
Oh, Van Narik, pick me a letter.
Please, Van Narik, pick me a letter.
All right, I'm ready to pick, baby.
Hey, BZB, FGM, GKZ, KLM, OP2, I see you.
BZB, X, Y, D.
Thank you so much, man.
All right, I'll take the sofa, the blender, the microwave, the refrigerator.
Hey, man, what do you mean 500 dollars for a black and white five affordable TV set?
You got ripped off, man.
My brother will not forget for your home sale.
Give me the money and I'll buy the TV set, man.
All right.
Hey, Van Narik, come on, baby.
Hey, I just heard 87, and then from look on her face, man.
Looks like a long time since she had a good volleyball movement.
Thousand nine votes who made our thousand.
Let's hear it for this audience, man.
Here we go, Northridge Church for that.
Thousand nine.
Are you excited?
Josh never thought we'd do it.
I always think we're going to get a thousand.
Well, just wait.
I'll tell you what, let's not change the poll till about 9.55 tomorrow.
Although, of course, everybody's going to be tuned in all around town tomorrow
to find out if the crossovers are exciting as it was this morning.
So anyway, Hank, and that was just, uh, let's see if we can arrange that again.
Okay, let's work on it.
South Florida's best played by play sportscaster Vol. Time is, I hate this poll 165.
So I voted.
Rick Weaver 156.
That's what I voted.
Joangel 113, a very respectable second.
I hate sports 111.
Well, all I can say to you is you're fairy and not only that, but I think you're at.
Right.
Oh, Bill Zinfer 72 sunny her 68 more.
Howard David and into 54.
Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh.
Who's Xiaomi 46?
Dave O'Brien 43 Eric Reed 29.
Joseph Acki 27.
I just hate that that's not about 22.
Everything.
Dave Halberstead 19.
Geldie 17.
He's sitting by right now as a matter of fact.
Geldie's going to mark random.
We're 16 Jeff Reemer 10.
Anybody want to buy a rumor dinner?
No.
Judge McDonald ate Dave Van Horn only ate not too good.
Len Casper 7 Jimmy, civilist 5.
Christina Moran for Dave Strader for my, my king, Glace 1 and Rich Walls.
Why didn't you put that Julio guy in?
Bye, bye, bye.
