Friday you plastic
Help us truly help us truly help us truly help us truly help us truly help the G.O.P. Stay in the White House
Well you gotta check it past and your brother then dig J.A.
and you're a real New Yorker not a posing like Hillary
Well Rudy you're on a roll
please don't talk about gun control
You gotta help us truly help us in a Republican
It's got to help us, please help us truly help us truly help us
Help us truly help us truly help us truly help us truly help us truly help us truly help us truly help us truly help us truly help us truly help us truly help us truly help us truly help us truly help us truly help us truly help us truly help us truly help us truly help us truly help us realmente
A contact of an ex-Russian spy who died after ingesting that radioactive toxin has the same substance in his body.
Sky News has learnt. That's what Sky News says. That's what they've learnt.
Oh, those silly-ass Brits.
A titan academic Mirio Scaramela.
Tested positive for isotope Pallonium 210.
See, when you first hear the story, you think, oh, we're all getting poisoned.
Now, we're all dying over here.
But this is a contact. He was like, well, what a-
And he had met Russian defector Alexander.
What's the guy's name?
Nenenko.
L-Lip-Nenko.
Yeah.
And a sushi restaurant in London shortly before he fell ill.
Well, maybe it was the sushi that's going to kill both of them.
The hell with the radioactive crap.
That's sushi, man.
It could kill any of the killer elephant.
Sky Martin, Sky's Martin Brunt said Mr. Scaramela,
I had not shown the same symptoms as Mr. Lip-Nenko,
who suffered vomiting and loss of hair.
And then, of course, he died.
He said,
I'm dying over here.
I was going to him.
So at any rate, there you go.
Vladimir Poon-Tang's behind the whole thing.
That's what the other guy said.
The guy lost his hair and got all nasty looking.
So it goes.
So here's the poll from yesterday.
We had 1,504 votes on this.
And we would have had a lot more only.
I changed the poll a little bit earlier to kind of like leveled it out
from the day before when you screwed up real bad.
It was that on Wednesday.
Wednesday.
That was Wednesday.
Wood buying Wednesday.
Rick Shaw is retiring.
When should Neil retire?
That was the poll question yesterday.
Is if any of us really give a crap about what you say on that.
But, and we don't.
But nevertheless.
And the good news is that we got good polls coming in now.
We got the, is it my right?
Yeah.
I know.
And that's just from our buddy Sean.
It says it's all those polls all the time.
From a whole bunch of different poll people.
What is nothing like no one poll people.
People with good polls.
But at any rate, Rick Shaw's retiring.
When should Neil retire?
Whenever he feels like it's 720.
That's the obvious.
I mean, of course.
Whenever he feels like.
Whenever I'm good and ready.
Whenever I got about 80 million stash away.
Never 599.
He should just keep going until he can't speak no more.
Until he just kills right over in the chair there.
Croaks 599.
Now, right now.
Retire now.
88 5.8%.
See, we kept it under 6%.
Makes me feel really like accomplishing something made you here.
Like, don't you?
OK, sure.
What?
In a few years, 56, whatever that means.
Like, you know, I would say about 30 million.
30 years.
Soon, 22.
Pretty soon, man.
You get into the end of the line.
Really struggling.
22.
Soon.
And I hate this poll only 19.
I'm here 1.2%.
That's pretty damn good.
Only 1.2% hated the poll.
Wow.
Here's today's poll.
And again, I thank whoever is sending these polls in.
Some of them in luck are.
Did anybody put a name on this one?
I don't think so.
No.
Oh, and we left.
I left.
That's my bad cry.
Real man, though, cry.
Put that on the immediately.
I'm so sorry.
Because I was on the original one.
Thank the Lord.
I just looked at that.
See, it must be an act of God.
The Lord is looking down on me today.
I better go out and find me a good machine man.
924 votes already.
But I'm going to have a thousand easy before 11 o'clock.
Don't you feel since I came up with that brilliant idea of bringing the calls back that we
really turned 30.
A quarter.
Huh?
Yeah, sure.
What?
nauseous.
801 on our MySpace page.
That is sensational.
That is really special.
Of course, there's only one that counts.
But nevertheless, here's the poll.
Real men don't.
932.
Let's see if I refresh you.
Do you put cry on there?
Yes.
Then come up here.
Refresh.
Oh, yeah, I did.
I just did.
934 votes.
Real men don't abuse children and animals turned in 21.
Men who abuse children and animals, man, they really piss me off.
And I like to go out there and like abuse them.
Hit women 278.
Unless, of course, they deserve it.
But we didn't write that on.
They won't shut up.
Hit women 278.
Ha, ha, ha.
Sounds like the voice of experience to me 278.
Real men don't hit women.
I'll pat other men on the ass.
80.
Well, that goes without saying.
I mean, that whole jock thing.
You know, these guys pat each other on the ass.
What is that?
It seems awfully.
And believe me, I know all about that.
I know exactly where Queens put their hands.
It just doesn't make any sense to me.
Never hands, never will.
Shower with other men.
Same group of guys that pat each other on the ass.
Then they're taking showers together naked.
Stark naked.
78.
Play fantasy football 58.
I think that most people who play fantasy sports of any kind
have like a fantasy life.
You know what I'm trying to say?
I have no life.
Oh, sorry, Josh.
Well, you got out of that, didn't you?
Well, there's nothing wrong with fantasy football.
What do you mean by that?
Because it makes the game's interesting.
Like games you wouldn't care about.
Like you're a football fan, you know, so instead of...
No, you remind me of your kind of like Hank in reverse, though.
He would Hank, if he doesn't have a bet on a game,
he doesn't care about the outcome here.
And at least I can credit for being honest about that.
He doesn't root for the Dolphins or any other particular team.
He roots for whichever team he's got a bet on.
Well, see, that's not the sports fan.
That's a, that's a gambler.
And the same with you.
No, yes.
No, listen, listen.
No, that's right.
You wouldn't normally watch it.
Green Bay Packers play like the Vikings, right?
But if you had maybe like a player on your fantasy football team,
you would be pretty...
I might watch that.
I might watch that to see the Packers get the stuffing kicked out of them again
because I'm just tired of the freaking Packers.
I can't stand bread far while I wait.
Sorry, you're just tired of a real mega fan.
What?
You're just an NFL mega fan, my bet.
No, I like, I'm a fan.
I enjoy watching sports.
I don't have to have a bet on it.
I have some kind of other rooting interest to inspire me.
Oh, it's just fun.
Just fun.
Just like hockey, I watched about two minutes of the Leafs
that I got shot out of by Atlanta last night.
That made me want to puke my guts out.
In fact...
What does they do?
They kill time because they're gone.
They were it is again.
They're again, they're showing his crap.
And of course the Panthers haven't scored a goal in three games.
Oh my goodness.
Oh my god.
Wow.
But anyway, let's get back to this support.
Real men don't play fantasy football, 59,
or baseball or hockey or Tilly Wings or par cheesy.
I'll shave anything but they're face and head, 53.
Now we're going to get back onto that again.
I thought we already had that taken care of.
Shave anything but they're face and head.
I mean, if they're shaving their armpits, believe me.
I hate this full 32, 3.3% and those are probably the guy who play fantasy football
while they're shaving their body parts.
Real men don't listen to Neo 20.
Of course not.
Only we only got a bunch of pansies.
Limp-rested pansies.
Oh here's the story about the fist fight in the Mexican Congress.
In Mexico, the incoming.
No, we don't care.
There are a bunch of animals anyway.
Listen to Neo 20.
Pay for sex directly, 12.
Now why do we put directing for emphasis?
Because most men, whether they're real or makefully,
they pay for sex one way or the other.
Right.
Time, money, pretense.
Right.
You give something up.
Real men don't use body wash 3.
That is so, I put that on there only because I knew that some of you had won a vote for it
and it just embarrasses me.
Because anybody with a brain doesn't use soap anymore.
Soap is like a...
But this isn't a good concern.
Because the body wash thing is a relatively new thing.
And once upon a time maybe it was only for women like shaving, you see times change.
Well, if it was only for women, then how come on so many of these bottles of body wash
is for men, a devious for men, a yadda, that's what you see now.
But once upon a time there was only body wash for women.
Once upon a time in America?
That's right.
Oh.
And real men don't cry.
We put that on her one.
See, that's another thing.
Everybody cry.
I cry almost every day.
When I realize who I'm working for, then I really cry a lot.
And then payday comes and all of a sudden, like when Dom Delariz was diphing the bread,
you know, with cheese in the sauce.
All of a sudden his tear stopped.
He was like, oh, hey, they're so bad.
Anyway, four people say body wash and the one real men don't cry.
9.50.
Good pull.
Thank you, ever sent that in and whoever's other sending these other fabulous pulls in.
Well, I should take a load off my mind.
You know what else takes to be a load off my mind?
This story here.
Although we should take a call first.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Hi, Mom.
Okay, here's the story that takes a load off my mind.
That was high boy.
Yeah.
And for what it's worth.
No, who cares?
Who cares?
Go sell something, you fat tub of crap.
Cosmetic surgery is altering not just how people look but how they feel by changing perceptions
of middle age in new studies shows.
See, this is supposed to make me feel better and it's got a picture of Candace Bergen turned 60
and made.
She looks not a day over 110.
Global research group AC Nielsen surveyed people in 42 countries and found 60% of Americans,
the world's biggest consumers of cosmetic surgery and anti-aging skin care, believe their 60s are the new middle age.
I'm just a middle age guy.
How do you like that?
As opposed to a dot ring old fart.
On a global scale, three out of five consumers believe the 40s are the new 30s.
See that?
Okay.
On other words, if you're like in your 20s, you're like an embryo.
Our 40s are being celebrated as the decade where we can be comfortable and confident in both personal and financial terms.
The majority of global consumers really believe life starts at 40.
AC Nielsen, your president and CEO Frank Martel said, but that doesn't mean they want to look their age.
Healthy or eating?
Oh yeah, just like me.
I had a score.
I scream yesterday.
Anyway.
Yeah, I'm not saying that.
Healthy.
Well, what are you going to say?
I mean, I'm just a slave to certain things in my life.
I'm okay and I admit it.
I'm just still one of those.
I'm weak.
Like everybody else, I'm weak.
Like I'm Martino.
Hey, Al.
Healthy or eating longer life spans and higher disposable incomes have helped to hold back the years.
However, for many people, the biggest boost is coming from the surgeon's scalpel.
How do you like that?
And there's more to this story, but unfortunately it didn't print out.
I just noticed that.
That's okay.
We don't care about that because I'm not here to read stupid ass story.
We're even smart ass story.
I'm just here to be a smart ass.
Isn't that right?
That's what they pay me for.
Don't be reading some important stuff.
So now I feel like middle age.
So a lot of good things are happening this week.
It's been a banner week for me.
I can tell you that right now.
It's been a fine week.
I actually won a couple of bucks at my good machine and Wednesday.
It would buy.
Not too much just enough to, you know, cab fare and whatever else.
No!
It's a fact to our Friday, you bastards.
Fat drunk and stupid is nowhere to go through life.
How can you make love to your wife if she's at that hand?
Yeah, lose some weight!
Shut up, fat boy!
And I'm gonna fork with her out to the front lawn.
You need to lose six pounds off of your face.
She's fat and stupid.
Yeah, in love now, man!
I'm not fat!
You're fat, fat, fat!
She'll be really fat!
You're no fat, fat, fat!
You're not with me, fat!
You're no fat, fat, fat!
You're no more, man!
You're not with me, fat!
Those are call me, but you're more than your self.
And I feel me once again.
Who's fat?
No work that in sugar in the morning.
We're eating healthy.
But you can't look fat in the next red.
So, um, is she fat?
Don't blame us for your fat ass.
Yeah, teams, I'm really fat, so burger material.
Yeah, man!
I'm gonna eat ten!
You're a fat idiot.
You blink your eyes.
She's morbidly obese.
I'm fat, fat, fat, fat!
She'll be really fat.
You're no fat, fat, fat, fat!
You're no more, man!
You're no more, man!
You're no more, man!
You're no more, man!
I'm a shadow, wait for me.
Two pounds of the hell you won't again.
Who's fat?
Okay, 995 votes on the pool.
By 10-30, we're gonna have a thousand today.
Mark that time on your limperist.
I write that on the wall, okay?
Stick out there where the moon don't shine.
995 votes already.
The only sad part of it is, six people say,
real men don't use body wash.
I take that as a personal affront, you know what?
Like a slap in the face.
Don't you?
Not really.
Even the doctor says, isn't use soap anymore, do you?
You don't use soap.
No, I don't.
Well, there you go.
That's three for three of us, three real men, well, at least close to it.
These closets are gonna get.
This story about Gulf Stream, this is just, this is the epitome of why many, many people.
I don't want to mention my name or anybody else's, but so many people feel that South Florida is just such a, like a joke.
It's a joke.
Only usually at a joke, if it's a good joke, people laugh at it.
This is just like pathetic, like, oh brother.
How sad.
Big headline in the Sun Sentinel, John Burstein writes,
first prostitution arrest reported at Slotskocino in Hellendale.
Oh my god.
Exactly. I couldn't have said it better myself.
Another cover prostitution sting last night, or Wednesday night.
Lay to the first arrest inside Gulf Stream Park, racing into Sino's slot machine room.
Somebody got a bad machine man, or something like that.
How do you like that?
Hookers and gambling going on simultaneously.
I don't believe it.
What a concept.
I want to apologize to every perocular place in every perocular school,
in every perocular person in the world, because perocularism comes close to describing South Florida how backward it is.
Oh, Joseph's, how about real men don't pray in response to real men love Jesus?
I never saw that real men love Jesus.
Did you, I guess, I'm out of touch.
Bumpers taker and one man.
Real men love Jesus.
Oh, how about real men love each other?
Real men don't pray.
And whatever happened to that guy Rick Sanchez ran over,
I guess what Joey's still dead?
Well, I sure hope that's not chronic deal with a thick voice to call all the sports shows.
I hope he's dead by now.
Anyway, getting back to the story about a hooker.
Oh my goodness.
Sheenam are reclined, 21, approached another cover of Florida Department of Law and Forceman Agent in the room's bar area,
and offered to have sex with him for 250 bucks, according to a police report.
Client of Lyndon Virginia faces a Mr. Meener cup of offering to secure a lute act in a felony kind of illegal and possessing a prescription painkiller.
Well, what the hell is lute about having sex with somebody?
Why is that a lute act?
Oh, because you know, it's fun and you can't have that.
Oh, because it's enjoyable and my spirit.
Very good. So it must be lute.
You might want to do it.
Must be lute and crew.
The Christians don't like that.
They like it a lot.
Well, they got to pretend not to.
The Helm Delebi's track on November 15 became the first of our county's four-perm mutuals to offer vagastile,
slot machines mine.
In March 2005, Howard voters approved allowing the machines of Gulf Stream,
martygar, racetrack, and casino, pomato beach, and dinghy-life.
Slot opponents have long argued that gambling will lead to more crime in areas surrounding the perimeter of mutuals,
and here's the proof right here.
We got a hooker.
The gambling industry has maintained there's no proof of any link in that heightened police and security presence
in and around the casinos will act as they deterred.
Gulf Stream parks first two weeks with 516 slots have been pleasantly quiet as far as crime goes,
said Michael Mann, FDLE Assistant Special Agent in charge, state law mandates FDLE monitor the slots floor.
Pleasant they quiet, like surprised.
They're not like, you know, raping people in the middle of the aisles and the dragging people off their machines
and stealing their money and stuff like that.
Oh, just wait. It'll be a matter of time.
The first arrest was going to happen sooner or later, man, and said we don't consider the problem.
Sooner or later is what he said.
Like that.
I should probably favor hold, I'm think.
After clients arrest agent search their first finding several prescription painkiller pills,
she said she was taking them for a knee injury according to police reports.
Maybe she has a we knee.
As of 630 pm last night, she was being held in the North Broward jail bond was set at 1300 bucks.
The man who headed the push for slots had crimes arrest shows just how closely the premises will be monitored.
See if all sleep soundly night and all weekend long relax, okay?
The FDLE is on the case in this hooker, this real danger and threat to society, to the morals of mankind.
She's in custody and they nipped it right in the butt, but FDLE is going to be quick to pick up on any problems that Dan Atkins who has marty graph formally,
Hollywood Greyhound trek.
Galsden Park spokesman Mike Malini declined comment on the arrest.
One of them things, you know, he's mom.
What's he going to say?
What the hell are we going to do?
I can go to a diner in the some hooker could approach it.
Of course, the diner she only want probably 50 bucks, not 250.
Well, I'm going to hang out there.
Take a puket that man, we got a thousand eight votes on the poll.
That is really something.
What it is, I don't know, but it's something.
I know, I'm not going to ask you anymore, aren't you impressed?
I'm trying to ask you because you never are.
You're just so dull.
No, you're just hard to impress.
You're just very dear.
What difference does it make?
It doesn't make any difference.
It's a radio show.
You're supposed to say, wow, we're really kicking some kickflips.
That's it.
Now you're talking to the president.
That's right, even though I don't care either.
No, it's kind of nice.
At least it's better than having nothing.
It's better than those QAM polls when there's like four people vote on the week.
Yeah, and see now he gets it.
All the judges are going to turn it over.
That's why it's important to you.
Now I understand.
No, it's not important at all.
It's just that it would be better to have a thousand and a half five.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
Sure.
I mean, I haven't succeeded and survived all of these years by not caring if there's anybody out there.
I mean, the fact that half of them are lung kids,
look what we're broadcasting to for Christ's sake.
What do you expect?
A bunch of rocket scientists in South Florida?
Anybody that's got a half a brain and got more than five cents,
will get that a lot of their as soon as they can.
Now that's what I'm telling you.
And you know that, right?
You know that for sure.
Anyway, let's not start knocking South Florida because it's a smarmy grotesque place.
And I beg to the weather is there a lot better day than it is here.
Man, it is just pouring.
Thank God though, the temperature is over freezing.
So we don't have the sleigh that freezing rain that you were.
I was going to slip and break my ass on.
In fact, it's already three.
It's going to be seven today.
It's 45.
It's already 38.
And tomorrow already up to 40.
Oh, and the sun's going to shine tomorrow.
Huh?
What's wrong with that?
Nothing.
I bet it's not even over 80 there right now.
I don't know what it is.
I've said this before.
I want you to think about this.
You don't have to answer right now.
But if the weather in South Florida was like the weather state in Minneapolis,
how many people would live there?
I don't know.
About 30?
About 30, man.
Exactly.
Good guess.
That's what I'm thinking.
I mean, it's, you know, of course, nobody, the politicians, the people of the...
They have no control over the weather.
It's just, you know, an active guy.
Damn, guy!
Is whatever it is, you know?
It's like the weather in San Diego is nice.
All them sailors out there, all at seafood.
10-13 is the number of hosts.
Real men don't abuse children animals.
348.
Unless it's a kitty cat.
They've got to put the cats to whatever they do with them.
He's okay.
Now that's bad.
That's a bad thing to say on here.
All them little kids out there.
They're gonna be like taking cats and pulling their noses off and stuff like that.
Don't be doing it all you kids.
Hit women.
Real men don't hit women 294.
Unless, like we said before, they really deserve it, which could be the case.
They don't pat each other on the ass 87.
That is so fave, man.
That is so fave.
Patent's some guy on the ass.
Don't touch ass unless you mean it.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
If I touch some guy's ass, believe me, it has some significance.
Real men don't shower with other men 84.
Shave anything but their face and head 61.
Play fantasy football, Josh 60.
Not real men.
Only guys who are like a little, I don't know, deficient in certain areas.
I hate this pull 32, 3.1%.
A fairly low number.
Real men don't listen to Neo 23.
God forbid.
I tell you one thing with all the men we have listening, we must have a look at it like a whole lot of make believe men.
You know what?
Oh yeah.
Real men don't pay for sex directly 15.
That's why that broad there at Gulf Stream, she better watch her peas and cues mister, whatever that means.
Real men don't use body watch 7.
Oh give me a break.
Get with the program, okay?
You old, funny, dirty goofballs.
And real men don't cry too.
Like in that horrible movie that broke ass mounting or whatever the thing was, boy is it?
Was that horrible?
I don't know if they cried or not.
I know I cried because the fact I wasted time watching it about half of it, then I shut it off and never finished watching it.
I would watch that thing if you paid me by the millisecond.
But I don't see why anybody would have cried in that movie unless they were crying for paying a see-it.
Right, because it was so bad.
Because there was no love involved, there was no passion, there wasn't even like any friendship.
It was just like a crude fizzle-lack which of course that's the way the movie's portraying any fact and anyway.
And they always have it always will just like all the other ugly stereotypes.
Well it's so nice that I have my new facts machine mine.
I'll set up a room.
There's a quiet.
Oh it's another poll.
Sorta.
Yeah.
Listen.
What would he give me in like that?
It's not great.
It's not as good as some of these other ones.
I would take whatever we can get.
Thank you so much and you know it's now that we got the calls back on here.
Now all of a sudden you can feel the vibes.
Baby can you feel it?
Can you smell it?
I can smell it.
It's so something.
Man.
What else must be Joyce cutting the cheese again?
Bitch.
Friday you were still.
If you want to get a like a tree in your yard it's Viagra.
When she asks you what's up cause you can't get up it's Viagra.
It will grow, it will grow, it will grow.
You will thank your HMO.
Absolutely.
Wait for men.
Wait for men.
No further men.
Your boys will go us women.
You'll be glad that you paid when you finally get laid it's Viagra.
All right.
Getting girls is a cinch when you grow by the entrance Viagra.
On my pills I won't skimp cause I don't want to go limp anymore.
Scrooves of me can't it be that I can't oldy on Viagra.
Tempt 33, lot of limp guys out there.
Real men don't take Viagra.
How's that for one for the pool huh?
Okay.
You don't like that?
Yes I do.
Real men don't take Viagra or Cialin or whatever.
Don't have to take pills to do the deed.
Or everyone awarded.
I don't care if you don't want to put that under it's okay too.
I'm easy you know.
Oh it must be the weekend again because the BSO, the porcus, are ready again.
That's right.
Broward Sheriff's Office DUI Task Force and District personnel in conjunction with other agencies and municipalities will be conducting a DUI checkpoint operation.
Tonight, from 9 o'clock to night until 3 o'clock in the morning.
You realize it's December 1th holy crap right man.
Our lives are just rambling unravelling or whatever they're doing you know.
Just passing us by.
Anyway, 9 o'clock to night till 3 in the morning.
And they 300 block us off federal highway and deer field beach and parodrivers will be identified.
DUI laws will be actively enforced if they don't like the way you look.
They're going to blow your brains out if they can find them.
This information is published in compliance with a Supreme Court ruling mandate in prior announcement of selective enforcement activities.
Not that they want to tell you this but they have to because the court said you've got to tell people ahead of time.
Give them a little bit of warning.
9 o'clock to night till 3 in the morning.
It's in the 300 block of South Federal Highway and deer field beach.
So if you're plastered you're out there.
First of all if you're plastered we don't want you driving anyway.
And we got 803 on our on my space page right now.
Do you like that?
803 friends and I bet you Josh is just astonished.
Did I say I wanted 800 by today by whatever and they came through for you?
Huh?
And they came through for you.
And they came through for us.
803.
Now the bad news is I mean it's great to have 803 friends on our my space page.
But the fact of the matter is I don't read the stuff.
I mean most of it Miguel reads it all though.
Doesn't he?
Isn't he scouring through there probably looking for some-
Oh that's right Miguel's married.
We're too late.
Check those messages or something.
Get out of here.
He's on those like stink on Joyce man.
He's all over that thing.
And thanks again Miguel for that my space page.
Thank you so much.
Change my life.
Anyway 803 votes on the my span.
I never dreamed we could do it.
Because my space is generally speaking for like living and breathing people.
And George claims that we don't have any living and breathing people.
We have a bunch of dotting old farts.
Right.
All the dotting old Cuban guys who are playing dominoes down in Domino Park.
Those are the guys listening to old grandpa Neil.
Yeah.
Charlie Christ is the rock star at GOP Governor's Conference.
See I would interspersed some calls here now but it's only Friday the first week we've got the calls back.
Now already there are a lot of material long since.
There's not a line ring is there.
I don't see you.
Oh I don't see you.
But you wouldn't see it anyway because your phone things all screwed up.
And I want to still not working but hey we don't want to start complaining here because I'm in a pre-dem good mood.
I'm as pleased as punch.
I really don't know why yet but I'll figure it out.
Christ is the rock star at GOP Governor's Conference.
Florida Governor like Charlie.
Hey Christ stood out in the meeting of GOP Governor's and Miami is a rare party election winner.
He was absolutely.
BAAAMING!
They said.
As Republican governors gathered Thursday and Miami for some post election soul searching, Florida's incoming chief executive stood out with that white hair must have done it as one of the GOP's few success stories.
Wouldn't you say that Charlie Christ is a success story?
Yes.
That's what I heard.
Republican Charlie Christ flogged at the National Anti-GOP current the health of Democratic Party pick up six governorships and gained its first majority in governor's office since 1994.
Everyone has to be talking about him.
Stay representative David Rivera said of Christ.
He's the rock star who bucked the national print.
Everyone wants to hear about the secret of his success.
She's a winner.
The other star attracted to Republican governor's conference.
Governor Mitt Romney Massachusetts, the group's chairman likely presidential contender in 2008.
He's got two chances none and much less than on make no mistake about it.
No chance.
He's a Mormon.
QAAM Hello.
NEO.
AGEZ.
Yes?
Hey, what do you think about that hockey player, Gaila Flur?
Remember?
WDQYAM Hello.
Hi, David.
Hi, David.
WDQYAM Hello.
What I tell you, it's only fried and they're already long since out of material.
But that's okay.
We'll take a hundred cold.
Morning, sir.
Yes, sir.
That bit from the turn in the back seat.
Can we download that somewhere?
Is it somewhere in your way?
Yeah, I'll get lost.
Download my ass.
Well, this will be a lot of best with it.
It's turned into back seat.
Go get a life, pal.
Get a life.
Starting to like a yo.
And what about that bridge tender?
Can you play that again for that bitch in the office that she was very nice?
You were calling her a bitch, stuff like that.
And you had a good point.
Pushy.
Pushy your bitch.
And nothing worse than people who are pushy, you know?
Anyway, I don't want to read about John McCain and this one.
And I wouldn't have Charlie Christ.
You know, he's got the wolf pulled, P.O.
Pull over people's eyes.
That's all I can tell you.
He does.
Whole is it?
He's got the wolf pulled over their eyes.
But that's all right.
One of these days they'll say, oh, guess what?
Charlie is...
BAAAMING!
Just like I told you about Mark Foley years ago, nobody believed me then.
They thought I was just fun in him.
You know, oh, that's Neil.
He's such a car.
He's a panic.
I know my Queen's baby.
Believe you me.
It takes one to know one.
I know a real Queen when I sniff one.
Trust me.
Real men don't use body wash.
It said that.
It's way down here near the bottom of the pool.
Cry three.
Real men don't cry.
Well, I guess that's ingrained in you when you're...
Although I'll be honest with you, I don't cry that much when you consider the fact that I work here.
Oh, and take my egg with none yet.
We just put that on there.
I should probably cry a lot.
What do you got to cry about?
Nothing.
I'll tell you one thing, boy.
I wouldn't trade my life.
Now I will say this.
I will say this.
This last week.
I keep thinking about this.
Now I know you can't do it.
But you know that magic wand you've got?
Mm-hmm.
If I could have like my brain and my money in somebody else's body.
Oh, yeah.
You know what I mean?
No, I don't.
I don't want to say who necessarily because that would...
I don't want to embarrass anybody.
There are people I think of and say, boy, if I could be in that body and still have my income and my, you know, brain.
You can't have everything.
You can't have everything.
You can't have everything.
Well, that's right.
Where would you put it?
Back to him.
I don't know. I'll think about it.
Give us some thought.
Well, I'll tell you the votes are pouring in today and the...
The faxes with the poles and the...
Hey, look at the fact that it's on two pages.
What's that?
Gold screen park attracting increase and...
Oh, yeah.
That was our first story this morning.
You idiot.
Two in a week.
The show starts at 10 o'clock, by the way, okay?
So if you two in like at 10, 30 minutes, start faxing your stuff that I already read or talked about.
Bug off.
Quit wasting my damn faxed paper on my new machine mind.
I have a tip for the people that might want to fax you a new story.
Yeah.
Don't...
Yeah, well, I don't know.
I wouldn't say that once in a while we get something that I haven't seen.
It was in a great while, but all day long stories that you just got done reading and sometimes a week ago were coming over that thing.
Yeah.
So what's it to you?
Nothing.
Oh, there's that problem.
Mexico.
But this is what we've been watching for much of the day.
A little skirmish is breaking out there in Congress.
Little skirmish, they're waving their arms.
So what's the big deal with that?
There are a bunch of hot blooded hoolios, okay?
You know how that goes.
I'm sure that people in your family probably like your mother.
Right, all the time.
Okay.
Sure.
1064 votes on the poll.
Real men don't tell.
Let's see.
Listen to Neil, only 23.
2.1%.
So if you're listening now and you're a guy, you're...
The reason of this...
What's the deal?
Neil Rogers, sports radio 560s.
You A.M.
Thanks, orgasms.
I fake four-plug.
Absolutely.
Mark decided to pull the plug out no jade.
Nobody wants to hear what he has to say.
The book and the show were dimented from a guy who was victim twisted.
Shut up or jade go away.
You and your hand a bad day.
You and your people died.
You should've cried.
You should've been proud of it.
That one single sense.
Because nobody cares.
You can't afford to pay rent.
We all want to say shut up or go away.
There's no big day now for you or the jade.
Listen to what we say.
Shut up or go away.
I don't believe this ever been a question.
That's the juice man that he'll kiss his.
Maybe he would office men playing carl off those two creeps or his head shut up.
Go and change shut up.
You had a bad day and two people died.
The cheer was let you go.
But you really should've cried.
You should've been proud of it.
That one single sense.
Because nobody cares.
You can't afford to pay rent.
We all want to say shut up or go away.
There's no way this been.
We're two to three here.
So I'll change shut up.
Shut up.
Go away.
1046 and speaking of somebody killed two people and got away with it,
guess what movie was on my cable again last night that I watched the last 20 minutes of again?
Because I just obsessed with it, especially the ending.
That's important.
Yes.
Speaking of somebody killed two people and got away with it.
Well, that was bad.
Give away the ending.
What?
Well, I didn't tell him much of anything.
Get out of here.
Just much of everything.
No.
I like that flick.
It's good movie.
It's great ending.
It's a Woody Allen girl.
That's really what I really, that really changes my attitude about him.
You were an anti-Semite.
I might have a different outfit.
I'll allow for the possibility.
It has the ability to make good movies.
I am not in a Woody Allen.
I'm not going to talk to me in a way.
I'm not going to talk to you in a way.
It's just one of those things.
You were a hard-ass and you were a big Woody Allen fan.
I am?
I don't know.
Well, it's from the sound of it.
I knew it all sounds like a movie.
You're so good.
I don't want to see any other Woody Allen movies.
Why would you just like it?
You can't deal with him.
Why?
Why would you just like it?
Just because he's a never-she-ju?
Because he's annoying.
He's annoying.
Like, let's ask Josh.
He's an innocent bystander here.
Well, he is annoying.
I'll give you that.
But I would stop me from seeing a movie.
Oh, I watched this movie.
I knew it was a Woody Allen movie.
I still watched the movie.
I was looking at it.
It was his.
What would you have watched it?
I did know it was his.
It's right in the beginning.
And the opening credits is said to be directed by Woody Allen.
Well, like Brave Hearts, one of the greatest movies.
But you won't see it because Mel Gibson's in here.
Oh, I wouldn't want to say that if you paid me by the frame.
Brave Heart.
Brave Heart.
That's one of Joyce's favorites.
Brave Heart.
What do you think?
Yeah.
That's what she told me.
All of hers are.
Yeah, they're all brave and bold and old and bold on me.
Like old stuff that's been hanging in the class of the end.
Mothballs.
You know, when Joyce farts, it's like old mothballs.
In fact, it wouldn't surprise me if she's got old balls.
1084 votes on the poll.
Real men don't.
Now, what was that song about the four seasons?
Real men don't cry.
Wasn't that a big girl's.
Oh, big girls don't cry.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
When I watch those time life infomercials and I do watch them,
and occasionally I might actually buy something.
Like I've locked those hits of the 70s or whatever ones.
I might play them all today.
And I see Frankie Valley on there.
And he's, you know, he's lip-syncing the song.
I don't cry, yeah, yeah.
And I see them thinking to myself,
how, why would we have listened to that?
You know, it's just so, it's all I like to song.
But they don't cry, yeah, yeah.
And he's got that falsetto like a real silly person.
But he made a lot of money being a silly person.
What's wrong with that?
Work for me.
Real men don't abuse children or animals.
378, we can agree on that.
That's pretty much it given, isn't it?
Don't beat up your kids.
You don't go out and like take a little kitty cat and tie it by,
it's tailed with tree or hang it from a hangman's news or like that.
Unless you really bored on the weekend.
Real men don't hit women 313.
Unless they just won't stop nagging and being a pest and the,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Oh God.
I'll say it again, man.
I don't know how well something you do.
And of course you don't know how you do it either.
For the nagging, the nagging.
Oh, I see.
I see some of these old guys that would buy them under the wives and I,
I don't do this.
I'm not buying the price.
And hit the button and I, oh, geez.
That's the wallet.
It becomes like white noise, you know?
Like road noise when you live near the freeway, you know.
You just hear it anymore.
You just tune it out.
Sure.
Real men don't shower with other men.
89, paddle the men on the ass.
89.
Interesting.
The same number of hosts.
They're in the same most symptom.
The same syndrome.
The same jock sniffing syndrome.
Guys who just, you know, take showers together, snap each other on the ass with their
towel.
And then of course get together in the fraternities and have to do all this other
factory.
And that's not real men.
Don't shave anything but their face and head 68.
Unless maybe the armpits a little bit around the crotch and maybe your anus.
Real men don't play fantasy football 63.
I hate this pull in your 35, 3.2%.
This is going to be one of our real popular polls.
I can see that already.
Can't you?
Of course not ours but nevertheless.
Thank you again to the audience for really coming through for us with some really nifty ideas.
See, I say that and then they believe it.
And then they'll send some more.
And some of them might be pretty good.
Real men certainly don't listen to Neil 23, 2.1%.
Real men don't pay for sex directly 15.
But of course all of them do one way or the other.
Pretty much.
Not always though.
No.
Like if you're a really good looking guy, you can just shake the tree.
If you're like Brady Quinn, you don't have to shave your chest.
You don't have to pay for sex.
That I think goes without saying.
If you're like Tom Brady, you know, a big super jock.
I guarantee you he ain't all the way.
I mean he is.
And he's got the big bucks.
You know, these guys have got the big stars.
But they don't rock stars.
Jocks.
You know, good looking famous guys.
Yeah, well sooner or later they want to pay for it.
You're right.
One way or the other.
Real men don't use body wash 8.
And again, we take that with tremendous umbridge.
Whatever the hell that means.
It just makes me vomit.
Hey, they're the ones listening out.
You know, I don't feel bad.
Some of you people are so stubborn with that nasty rotten soap.
The hair is so good.
All the kinds of guys that use soap anymore, the ones who enjoy dropping it.
Real men don't cry at three.
And real men don't take Viagra only one.
Well, there's a lot of guys out there got a problem, which you know.
And in fact, back in the day before we had all these Viagra and Siala spots,
just all over the place on radio and TV.
Uh, most of us were not aware of the tremendous, even a bunch of young guys
who just had difficulty getting the deed done.
You know what I'm saying?
We never knew that before.
Did you know that?
No.
I sure never did.
But now we're seeing all these ads on there.
And you think, um, maybe one out of every three guys in America is like,
uh, pop and pills just to get the deed done if they're to be believed.
My favorite line to end up with, is it for Siala?
I guess in both of those, the disclaimer at the end,
if you're suffering from pre-opism, which is an erection lasting more than four hours,
four hours.
I see.
Well, I would not walk around in public if that were the case.
Well, my case would make any difference.
Believe me, nobody would notice.
Trust me.
Anyway, uh, editorial in the, uh, Minnesot Minneapolis's star tribune.
Although we should take a call or two first.
2 a.m.
Hello.
Okay.
Like I said, editorial in the Minneapolis star tribune.
Bush talks nonsense about situation in Iraq.
It says boy, how well it says this when President Bush pronounced Prime Minister Nuri
Al Malaki, the right guy for a raki yesterday,
it recalled Bush's infamous heck of a job comment about Fimba director Michael Brown's
incompetent response to Hurricane Katrina.
Both comments say more about Bush than Brown or Al Malaki.
And Iraq is on Katrina Bush has completely slipped the moorings of reality.
It's a good one.
Yes.
Even as the President was speaking to Al Malaki and I'm on Jordan Ravel, she out in
the SUNY groups in Baghdad, including those controlled by Al Malaki's patron, cleric
Maktat al-Sadir, were massing for all out battle.
Bloodshed in the capital has reached its highest level since the American invasion.
Whatever happens now in Iraq will have little to do with what the U.S. wants to happen.
Bush showed the clear on reality of his views during a stop in Latvia earlier in the week.
He refused to acknowledge the civil war that is planned to see pronounced incredibly
that Al-Qaeda is the major threat in Iraq and pledged again that he would not pull American
troops off the battlefield before the mission is complete.
If the troops still have an actual mission in Iraq, it should be to hunker down and stay
safe until somebody figures out how to get them home.
The Iraq Study Group is searching for that way.
It's report due to Bush next week, but leaked to New York Times Wednesday,
pushes Bush to begin with drawing U.S. combat brigades in the new year.
The bipartisan group's consensus recommendations avoid setting a timetable because
it knew Bush would reject that out of hand.
But it was determined as one source told the Times to move the national debate from weather
to the state of the course or how do we start down the path out.
Members of the group clearly aim for their report to play a role while Bush more likely
will reject its call to begin true for draws.
Many word congressional Republicans will find in the report they cover they need to begin distancing themselves from the president.
A bipartisan effort is likely to take shape in Congress early next year to press Bush into pulling out troops.
That's the study group's intended effect.
It believes that unless the Iraqi see that Bush is under pressure to begin withdrawals,
they will have zero sense of urgency to reach the political settlement that needs to be reached as one source told the Times.
The report also spends considerable time outlining aggressive diplomacy to please the Bush administration
should undertake in the region, including contact with Iran and Syria that Bush has repeatedly rejected.
Throughout its deliberations the study group worried that its report might come too late and it may have,
especially given Bush's continuing refusal to confront reality.
A horrific bloodlady may not be inevitable in a rectum, no matter what anybody wants.
We hope this report with a pressure it will put on both Bush and Al Maliki can help avoid that,
but it's a long shot.
To arrogance, willful ignorance and stubbornness, Bush has created in Iraq a real dog's breakfast on mess.
Well that's good and many employees start tripping editorial.
A dog's breakfast.
I tell you everything, my dogs wouldn't have gone near him and they sure won't anymore either.
Nothing worse than having to put a dog to sleep.
You know why I wouldn't say nothing worse?
But it's not good, not pleasant.
Right. Although you know what, once you get over it, you realize how lucky not that's bad,
because I'm a dog lover. You know that, I shouldn't say that.
We all know.
I'm a real dog lover, but it's just one of those things.
It's part, you know, a phase in your life and you finally get over that and you say,
well I was sure a lot of fun now. What do we do now?
Something else.
Something else, let's mess you on your car.
Thank God for drag it.
1,097 votes on the poll, 10.97 by 11 o'clock we're going to have 1,100.
And the people out there, the vote counters, the, uh, vote the, uh,
the squeezers, they're, they're just jumping for joy now.
They got ants in their pantaloonies. They're so excited about it.
On the 1st of December, no less.
Can it possibly be, and don't we say this all the time?
I guess as you get older, you say that all the time.
Boy, I'll tell you the days and the weeks and the months, they're just flying by.
You know, it's almost the end of the, as you get older, you say that, right?
The closer you realize that.
Yeah. There's a lot more days behind you than in your future.
There's a lot more in your behind than it was in your future.
So to speak, that's what ductile meant.
10.56 at 5.60 WDQM.
This is the Neologious Show.
This is a brain.
Any questions?
We had a quiet, ever-noosh-ill, but not like in the past.
You have to get off your badass for that.
Now please, Miss Laura, constant, do share, as we use to do.
And give us our silver right back.
Now that we got rid of the Neologious Show, the Democrats better sit down and get to work.
That was going to be all back.
Oh, God, I'm not going to be.
Oh, God.
Administration's got us, you get, we love it with love.
And they made us hate it around the world.
True thing, but, true thing, but they made us hold on to royals.
We will, like a pig, oh, woe.
A pig wanted to be with that.
Now get them all those around the bar that are kept scream.
We got it with peach to make the job complete.
And if that's what's going to be, oh, fast.
Oh, fast, your next world has with me.
Oh, fast, your next world has with me.
11.02 at 5.60 WKM, it is snowing like crazy in Chicago.
Look at that, hundreds of flights cancel if you're going to go to Chicago this weekend.
Look at God about it.
That's my best advice or do whatever the hell you want.
I'd like to take a whole rack to call us here, you know, but I don't see that happening.
Do you?
Well, I don't know what you're seeing.
So, yeah, sure, whatever you're saying.
I'm seeing one.
I'm seeing one out there, but you know, one is on this show, it lasts about half a second.
I just screwed up computer screen. That's what I see.
Are you bitching again about the fact that we are engineering departments totally out of, you know,
what differences it make? Stopped caring.
Doesn't make it. Now, see, that sounds awful negative to me around us.
Oh, it's ambivalent.
5.670560, Tom 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
You'll see they're going to be great today.
I mean, I can just smell it.
Can't wait.
WQYM, hello.
QAM.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
And, you know, we're in the Ken Dini having that DUI set point at bottle pass in that area later on tonight.
WQYM, hello.
QAM.
Is this the automobile show?
I have a stuffed fuel injector.
Yeah, go pull some punches or pair or pull whatever you get your hands on.
5.670560.
Oh, that's right.
They don't pull no punches on that show.
No punches pulled.
Is that kind of like illiterate or something?
I shouldn't have said that, Joy.
Huh?
Oh.
See, I shouldn't be putting you in that difficult position.
You know, all these people that you work with like Dave Van Voring, who is boring.
And then the guy in the auto show on Saturday morning.
By the way, that'll be on tomorrow morning right here on QAM.
The Rio de Janeiro 9 to 10 AM right after the weekly fisherman show.
And right before the fantasy playbook.
And what's that other show?
Oh, Jock Strapch with Tom Alexander, 10 o'clock Saturday night.
What kind of a show is that?
It sounds gay.
To me.
Where they sniff them and discuss the aroma.
What's unusual about that is now where we do 20 hours at the under station.
Well, they go deep.
How deep.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You think if you did some Viagra, you would have been able to do that girl in the back seat of that car.
Yeah.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Yeah, I want to talk to Neil.
Speaking.
I need.
Yeah.
It's just a real bar of capitan.
Go up, brush your teeth, Barbara.
Get out of my face.
Well, she had the most yellow teeth.
Of course she's been dead for years now, so I can say that.
Head around my show on INZ about 100 years ago, man.
She had the most yellow teeth.
I even thought she was a Brit or something.
The Brit's all have yellow nasty teeth.
Maybe it's because they're all smoking them real strong fangots, you know.
In Europe, everybody smokes.
Are you aware of that?
I understand.
I've heard stories.
Yeah, they smoke like up a storm.
I feel like a chimney.
And they hold their cigarettes backwards.
It's kind of like holding your gun like sideways.
Like a real punk in a world.
Yeah, yeah.
I can't believe it.
It makes you really cool when you're holding it.
Like a real schmuck.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
KEO.
Yes, sir.
Hey, did you ever get those pictures of Frozen Grown in John Barr?
I'm George.
WDQAM, hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
You're talking about the kiddie's black kids.
The black kids.
We always talk.
Okay, great.
WDQAM, hello.
Okay, let me get back to us a material here.
I told you by Friday, they'd be out of calls and I was around.
Well, by Thursday, actually.
In fact, by the first half hour on Monday.
But that's okay because that's the bread and butter.
This is what the listeners want.
You let us know about it.
This is what we gave you.
We caved into the public pressure.
What did they have?
They didn't end to public pressure.
See, that's why I don't read the messages on that Myspace thing.
Okay, I mean, I did make one very nice connection there.
And that's great.
And all of that.
But other than that, hey, listen, if it takes 803 people to find one that you want to speak to,
what's wrong with that?
No, they know those are good odds.
Sometimes in life, you have to go through a whole bunch of people
and you find somebody that you're interested in, like, you know, many kids.
You're gold.
Right.
So, anyway, somebody faxed this in.
Now, why did they faxed this in from Channel 7?
What does this mean?
Scene on the scene from WSVN's Michael Cohen scene on the scene?
I'm sure the bold, highlighted, extra big part is the part that's supposed to be here.
I know, but all of it is moderately interesting.
I mean, now that it is very interesting, scene on the scene, all of my celebrity celebrity juice,
you need to know.
It says WSVN, I'm outside the Los Hotel, says Michael Cohen,
where Britney Spears was in no show again this weekend for her penthouse stay.
Last week was the divorce this weekend.
It was partying with Paris in LA, and sources tell me her mommy record producers are fed up
partying with Paris.
Oh, Jesus, God.
I'm outside snacks in South Beach, where Bad Boy Rocker Tommy Lee took the apartment just a bit too far
after dancing and drinking with hot babes in the VIP room.
Lee exited the bar at 4 a.m., but didn't make it far.
He landed on the sidewalk, face down no doubt.
Oh, look what happened to Dr. Bob on the sidewalk.
Mm-hmm.
And if it could only happen to Tommy Lee, we'd have a party.
And then here's the part that's highlighted.
Latin sensation Luis Miguel will certainly be enjoying the sunset and views at his new digs
at the St. Regis Bell Harbor.
The former flamer, or flamer of Mariah Carey, has dropped a couple million dollars for the
elite address where a lot of neighbors such as Andre Agassi.
Wow, would you be impressed if you had an neighbor like Andre Agassi?
Woo!
He shaved his head.
Heavy, heavy duty man.
The former flamer.
FAMING!
And then it says a slimmed-on Brook Hogan hung out with her incredible father on Lincoln Road.
Lack of sudden, it's founds for Rosio Donald who played with the kids that are star on the mansion.
And Vince Neill sent out a grandson Collins Avenue.
This is what Michael Collins got for you.
I'm seeing on the scene on Channel 7 anybody who watches that.
We will come to your house and blow your brains out if we thought you had any.
1117 votes on the poll.
I'm most curious about that body wash thing.
Nine people say, real men don't use body wash.
Probably old, funny, dirty, old, foggy kind of people, wouldn't you think?
They like that hairy soap.
Yeah, that's soap with a curly hair on it.
Oh, man.
In fact, my mother always used it when she'd stay at my house because I never used a...
Oh, no.
No, she would always use that ivory soap, you know, the white soap.
Yeah.
To make the hair stand out.
Yeah, like it stands out like a sore thumb, yeah.
I mean, I have like a dial or...
Yeah, it's like something.
Some real decent soap on there.
Although there is no such thing as decent soap.
And once it allows you to even put like lava soap in there.
Lurch is like pumice, you know?
Sure.
Like taking a rock and trying to like scrub the schmutz off your arms and your body and your ass with a rock.
Good, God.
Speaking of a rock, can you imagine how it smells over there?
Not too good, I would have read that.
It's probably smells like death.
Oh, man.
The stench of death and calmenor is in there everywhere.
Or is it a...
Donkey manure.
Something like that.
Only three people say, real men don't cry.
We'll see, I feel better about that.
Although it's quite an interesting conflict, though.
You see that?
Nine people say, real men don't use body wash.
Only three say, real men don't cry.
Real men don't cry at movies.
Although I didn't have a tear in my eye at the...
What was that all about?
That stupid ass call the other day.
But the Kennedy thing, I said, I saw the Ted Kennedy biography under and I said,
toward the end of the show, I had like a tear in my eye.
I wasn't seeing their crying, or crying like a baby.
Or even, how about the box tops crying like a baby?
You've got that, I bet you do.
I know you do, because you've played it before.
All this business, seeing, of course, the idea of the pool.
This is what the stereotype is.
You know, if you're a real man, you do it.
It's the box tops, and what was your other hit?
The Letter.
One more one.
They had this?
Oh, the letter.
A letter.
What was it called? The Letter?
Yes, and they also had this.
What the hell is that?
What is that?
They get in 69, sold, beaten.
Oh, sold, they get made big hit, made number 18 on the chart.
And then there's this.
They had faux, you know.
Well, they had the, on the charts, they had seven.
Well, the letter, neon rainbow, cry like a baby,
Chuchu train, I met her in church, sweet cream ladies,
forward march, and sold, eat.
You know, can't send off that.
That was a hit.
Yeah.
Give me a break.
You know, after cry like a baby, that was, that was, should have been the letter.
Which reminds me, I haven't played this in a long, long time.
In fact, you know something, I don't think it's even in here anymore.
I think it just took off and banished.
Just disappeared.
By the way, she's 96, man.
I'm white.
You made a mistake, Neal.
You said that Vanna was like 50, whatever, and she's only 47.
She's still an old bag.
And she didn't do anything anyway.
She didn't even turn the freaking letters for Krenel.
Although I do watch that show every night, religiously,
I'd be a multi-multi-millionaire if I had the money from, I guess,
and all the puzzles.
Like, what was the one last night?
It was about, oh, I figured what, what was so easy?
And the guy didn't get it.
What a schmuck.
Doesn't that bug you when it's easy and they don't get it?
Yeah, because, you know, that you could be winning money if you were there.
Yeah, you could be winning all that money.
Of course, if you were there under the lights with all that pressure,
you'd probably still know it.
I think they choose idiots on purpose.
Well, I sure do that.
And most of the guys they have on are really...
Baaaam!
Not all of them, but for whatever reason that is.
TV has an obsession with the flamers.
No, it's okay.
Was...huh?
I've noticed.
I don't know what that's all about.
I guess they like to create that ugly stereotype of all these screaming, flaming,
mincing queens.
Probably because, at least as far as game shows go, because they act all animated,
you know, they flap their arms.
They're the very flamers.
They flap their arms and once in a while they actually take off.
The biggest name, the best talent for this is Neil Rogers,
4th radio 560,
SU-A-M.
Friday, you bastard.
If you're planning a Scientology wedding reception,
don't settle for ordinary entertainment.
Call Scientology wedding DJs.
Ladies and gentlemen,
times at pants off at delicious dinner.
This one's going out to Zee-Noo,
who dropped on the topic bomb.
That was a vocator's affiliate Earth years ago.
It's a gap-pad.
You dropped a bomb on me.
Holy shit, come on, everybody.
Only a Scientology wedding DJ can give you a special day.
That special Scientology time.
All right, folks.
Time for the bride.
The promo game.
So let's have a whole, let's say go with it with an...
I've already think level up, Senator Hire.
I love dance rules.
Now, come on now.
You know, here we are.
Scientology wedding DJs are the perfect MCs for your perfect celebration.
Look at Joanne Groove, he's the brainwashed bride.
Look at Joanne Groove, he's the brainwashed bride.
Oh, look at the area where the Victoria Groove is the brainwashed bride.
Give him a big hug of applause, everybody.
I thank you.
You know, noting history of Scientology wedding DJs,
but Scientology wedding DJs do.
Don't be glimped, call now.
Love it, 17 at 560 W.
You can purchase from the Hootis Hard Rock
at two o'clock for the Matatog today,
and then the Humper for three solid hours.
Boy, you better be in training right now for three hours.
Speaking of that,
Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix says
they're going to test a new federal screening system
that takes x-rays of the passengers' bodies
to detect and seal the explosives and other weapons.
Yeah.
The technology called Backscatter has been around for several years,
but hasn't been widely used in the US as an anti-terrorism tool
because of privacy concerns,
because a lot of people don't want you to be able to see their privates.
The TSA said it's found a way to refine the machine's images
so that the normally graphic pictures can be blurred in certain areas
while still being effective in detecting bombs and other threats.
So I guess we're going to carry a weapon on there
and stick them back into your privates would be good.
Maybe stick them into your rectum.
They'll find it.
The agency's expected to provide more information about the technology
later this month, but said one machine will be up and running
at Sky Harbor's terminal 4 by Christmas of this year.
How do you like that?
So if you want to hide your privates, don't fly through Phoenix.
What's a machine called Backscatter?
If you want to hide your penis, don't fly through Phoenix.
I beg your pardon, it's called Backscatter.
Like I said,
oh look at that Susan Hallowell holds up a side arm
that was detected by the Backscatter machine at the something or other.
She's holding it up, a side arm.
It's a piece.
The security agency's website indicates that the technology will be used initially
as a secondary screening measure, meaning that only those passengers
who fail the first standard screening will be taken to the extra area.
Even then, passengers will have the option of choosing the Backscatter
or a traditional Pat Down search.
They want people looking into privates and under their pantaloonies
and their skirt and whatever under their bras.
A handful of other US airports will have the X-ray machines
in place by early 2007 as part of a nationwide pilot program.
The technology's already being used in prisons and by drug enforcement agents
and has been tested London's Heathrow Airport.
The security agency says the machines will be effective in helping detect
plastic or liquid explosives and other non-metallic weapons
that can be missed by standard metal detectors.
Some say the high-resolution images, which clearly depict the outline
of the passenger's body, plus anything attached to it such as jewelry,
are too invasive for Christ's sakes.
Too-ran invasive, you maniacs.
Quit looking at my thing if you got good eyesight.
But the TSA said the X-rays will be set up so that the Americans can be viewed
only by a security officer in a remote location.
Other passengers and even the agent at the checkpoint will not have access to the picture.
Oh, that makes it better.
Right. Only one pervert's going to be watching.
Right. And in addition to system, well, it may...
Now, there's a job that maybe I'd like to have.
Although I'll be honest with you, most of the people that go through those detectors
I don't want to see what they got.
Well, you got a sort of mount.
Yeah. When in doubt sort of mount, I'll just have the select line.
I'll select the pick and choose.
In addition, the system will be configured so that the X-ray will be deleted
as soon as the individual steps away from the machine mount.
It will not be stored or available for printing or transmitting.
Agency spokesman Niko Melinda said her name ends in Z be very, very wary
because she really sounds kind of scary.
At any rate, there's the new deal.
Pretty soon they're going to just have your...
We're probably your close-off right there.
They're going to like...
And even then, they'll probably do like a body cavity search,
which is right as me.
Stick their nose in your...
Right.
Body parts.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM intellectual line, hello.
I like the shamelessness of quartz.
Yeah, our request is that you die.
That's our request, Jose.
Not shameless either.
It's an honest to goodness right from the heart.
WDQAM, hello.
Hi.
Okay, killing two birds with one stone is always fun with me.
That's what the vice president taught me how to do.
Killing two birds with one shot works like a charm.
Still, one non-people said using body wash is not for real men.
1151 on a pole.
I think we're going to be like around 1200 by noon, 12 by 12,
like the size of some people's ass.
12 by 12, like the beast.
And I don't want to mention anybody else.
I don't want to be all over him,
but I just think he would like, you know,
try to stay alive would be good.
Wouldn't you think it would be a good idea?
Look, I told you, I've washed my hands of trying to get...
Wash your hands of trying to save fat people from their own...
They're like me eating that scour ice cream yesterday.
It was very...
You're strikes and I know.
Something that didn't even have any taste to it.
It didn't even have any taste.
So now that I know for sure,
I think there was any doubt before,
but I'm a slave to the sugar, baby.
If it's sweet, I like it.
No comment.
WDQAM, hello.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's quiet?
You know, I saw the same thing that you were talking about
when W Bush said he's the right man for the job,
from a liquid or whatever's name is.
I saw it in the same sound by the night,
not the same thing that you were thinking.
Now, the right guy, he's the right guy.
Right.
He talks to me and he's like,
we're going to get these guys and these folks
and all those other folksy horsecraft that he talks, you know.
Did you also hear that quote?
From the Iranian president telling George Bush
to pull out the troops, focus more on domestic issues,
and save all the money that this war is causing.
Did you hear about that?
No.
Okay.
All right. I thought you did, but you have a good thing.
Okay, thanks, pal.
I just did know what a terrorist he hates for you to be.
Yeah.
Why do you hate America so much, sir?
Stick his ass through the detective there.
I bet she's got some anti-American propaganda up his butt.
In fact, I think we just heard some of it.
It was the back splatter.
I think I can smell it right here.
It's the back splatter.
I think Joyce is back splattering all over the place.
It doesn't matter if it's only back splatter.
That's what I heard.
That's right. What's the matter?
What's the matter?
That's exactly right.
Put it on a platter and we'll have it for lunch.
560-0560.
And now, I was thinking of lunch.
What do you guys eat in these days?
I don't know.
I'm thinking about it.
You're psychic.
Boy, it's all almost like you had a webcam going.
Why?
Just now walked in as you said that.
Tony.
From Howys.
From Howys.
Having some group of fingers.
Josh is having a little bit of a...
What is in his group of fingers?
What is the new item that they have?
It happens to be very good.
It's very light, fluffy, and...
You know, I would mind chewing out some groupy fingers.
Ruper fingers.
They're like battered and chewing on their finger.
And Josh is having his usual three assorted meals.
Whatever they are.
You mark my words, man.
That kid's going to blow up like a balloon.
You'll see.
I said he stuck that bicycle pump in a long, deep inside of me.
He's going to blow up like Martin Short.
No chance.
It's that movie.
He's in that character that he plays Martin Short.
And it ain't click.
Oh, boy.
I like Larry Glick, and WBZ, but Jeremy Glick, I can live with that.
Martin Short, I got to be asked for the at least me really limp.
Even I said Canadian boy, but never let him be.
It was part of time, and he's done a couple things, but that was a long time ago.
A long time ago.
Very long time ago.
He's just not funny.
Not even...
And of course, your buddy with a suspender's in the bag.
The squeeze bag.
He has him on every now and then.
And he comes wearing a Jeremy Glick blow up out of the holding.
That's the stupidest character ever in the history of the human race.
Yeah, it absolutely is.
And that's because Martin Short isn't funny.
So if he can't be funny, that's kind of stupid.
Like some of our callers, for example, I don't want to mention any names.
Like many.
At least four or five anyway.
1166 votes on the pole, man.
We're making some real progress this week.
Some wonderful things happen to us this week.
You know what?
I can't think of too many.
One or two.
Real men don't abuse children or animals for ten.
Hit women, 332.
Unless they quit, don't stop bitching.
And if they won't stop bitching, just remember like in once upon a time in America.
One of pocket tookus.
First of all, real Jews don't say tookus.
Okay, nobody says tookus.
They say tookus.
Not tookus.
When you told me that James Woods was Jewish, that almost ended my life as I knew it.
That just brought my whole existence to a standstill.
Oh, just pretend he's not.
I just can't stand James Woods.
It's not just the zits all over.
That doesn't help.
It's just something about him.
I just never thought he was a good actor.
He just always bugs the crap out of me.
And then he was in that.
What the hell was his name?
Rory Cohen.
He was in that movie too.
The good part about that one is you died in the end.
Too bad James Woods didn't.
Real men don't hit women 332.
Shower with other men 95.
What kind of guy showers with other guys naked right there naked throwing the throw the throw the soap back and forth?
Yeah, yeah.
Pat other men on the ass 95.
You see the same 95.
Look at that.
How did that come out?
Coincidentally.
Real men don't shave anything but they're facing head 73.
If you're like shaven and the neat and the nearing and the pleasing your something something going on there.
Real men don't play fantasy football 66.
I hate this 436.
3% mighty low.
Real men dole us in a neal 25 down to 2.1%.
I can handle that.
That doesn't.
I'm not the least bit offended by that.
Real men don't pay directly for sex 16 indirectly.
Most men pay for sex one way or the other.
Real men don't use body wash 14.
It's up to just a piss me off.
Ask me if I care.
You know, you keep you care.
You keep throwing at the hairy soap all around.
Okay.
Oh, that schmootsy nasty.
And probably all the schmoots stays on the soap anyway.
You think it gets washed off and they don't kid yourself.
The schmoots is staying right there on the soap.
And maybe it's even somebody else in your household schmoots.
Oh, god.
Real men don't cry.
Only three in the take by our only one.
Those last two entries there aren't.
They're not doing swimmingly well.
They're kind of like swimming upstream.
But we do have 1170 votes.
And we do have that DIY checkpoint.
How often should I mention that?
Like once every five minutes?
Okay.
I mean, it's a very narrow.
This isn't like the other ones we've had in the past that were like wide swaths of a...
You know, broward and wherever.
This is just one block.
The DUI task force from the BS.
Oh, be out tonight.
9 o'clock tonight till 3 in the morning.
And it's just a 300 block of self-federal highway and deer field beach.
I mean, who that?
I thought all the people in deer field beach would be sloughing by a three o'clock in the morning.
Aren't they all over the age of 100?
I haven't been there in a long time.
Deer field beach.
They're all ancient, man.
Anyway, that's where it's going to be.
9 o'clock till 3 in the morning.
A 300 block of self-federal highway.
And paired rivals will be identified in DUI law.
They'll be actively enforced.
They'll be after your ass.
Whether you want to give it up or not.
The biggest name.
The upper adult family.
The wolf's coming to an end.
I know it's a four-bedroom or five-seam man.
That's it.
It's that twa Friday, you bastards.
I slay you in the name of a...
A duel.
It is me, Mula.
You good friend.
Mula?
I could hardly recognize you with your turban colors or dingy.
But I just washed it.
Then you must do like idol.
And wash all your clothing in new blue fat-pot cheer.
It whiteens white and brightens colors.
So your turban will not fade or become dingy.
Like when you use other detergents.
And then I will not be mistaken for a SUNY again when I use fat-pot cheer?
Never.
And it's said for your delicate items too.
So don't take a chance on getting a rug in the head because your turban is faded into obscurity.
Hit fat-pot cheer today.
Okay, I sure will.
I'll be right out there in the year.
I'm going to get it right now.
28 till noon at 5.60 W.M.
Calls are pretty weak today.
I've got to be honest with you.
I thought maybe they can get through the entire week and really keep up the level we had here on Monday and Tuesday.
Can we have quite a level?
Yeah, we had something.
Yeah, we had something as right.
I can't use the word on the air.
5.670560.
Tom 560 in the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
Like Georgia's always said, it just amazes him.
Just shocks the living daylight out of him.
But here we are.
It's America, man.
It's an exercise in free speech.
And believe me, there's not much left of that around it, no more.
And these people have stopped Florida.
And of course, it's a great reflection on the community at large because they have nothing to say.
I don't think about the dolphins.
They have jaguars on the Sunday.
What do you think about that, and they all think the lions can give the patriots a run for the money.
What do you think about that game last night?
I'll tell you what I think about that game last night, man.
They could put you in a coma, Cincinnati and the Ravens.
They could make you Ravennade.
Or could they have got an offense or what?
The Ravens.
Every now and then, all of a sudden, they scores in and points.
Like when they play a girls team like the Steelers,
then they beat the living daylight out of them.
Oh, he's eaten one of his four meals now, Josh.
Okay, sorry.
Sorry to argue when you got a mouthful.
WQA and hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Sure.
Yeah.
Ask Neil if he's ever seen Brady Quinn's sister.
And we went through this yesterday.
He's not much.
He did.
Yeah, she ain't much.
Wow.
He's a lot prettier than she is.
Wow.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 0.
5, 60 on the Verizon SIGUITER wireless line.
Ask Neil if he's ever seen Brady Quinn's sister.
What do I give a crap about Brady Quinn's sister?
Okay.
Why do I care what else she looks like?
See, this is what really gets me with these heterosexual guys.
You know, so many of them think that all the rest of us fags
we got to worry about.
They let George worry about Brady Quinn's sister.
And he didn't like her.
And even Josh wasn't impressed.
Sure look.
Hey.
Yeah, the pictures I saw.
Maybe she's not bad, but nothing.
Nothing to write home about.
I can't hear you.
She's certainly on a female side, not in the same category
that he's in on the male side.
Okay.
Even he's neurotic too here would have to agree with that.
No argument.
No contest.
See, there you go.
He's a lot prettier than she is.
And Josh just keep eating.
So.
We don't want to let Kitschew involved in the middle of that.
He's halfway through meal number two.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh.
That that he exploits.
I've done with how he's thinking.
It's kind of like, let's make a meal.
Remember that's your with Marty home.
Let's make a meal.
What a good idea.
I don't want meal number two and number three.
What's behind the door?
Monty Hall, by the way, another Canadian Jewish guy
who's got millions and millions.
Oh my god, he's got more money than God.
And I was, yeah, what was the guy's name?
J. Stewart was the announcer on the show.
Remember, he used to shut that little table out.
Never dropped anything that I saw.
Of course they were taping it.
So how would we know?
Right.
I mean, that would be bad to come out there with that little,
that was basically his job.
He was a booth and I was sure he was the schlepper for Monty Hall.
W-Q-Y-M.
Hello.
Not quite, sir.
W-Q-Y-M.
Hello.
Q-Y-M.
Hello.
A-D-O.
Can you have George publish some of the numbers
of these are crank callers so we could help?
Yeah, okay, great.
5670560.
There's another guy who also had nothing to say.
And he's talking about the other callers.
We'd rather have the cranks than you, Palli,
because all you're doing is talking crap.
You're talking garbage.
Published the number.
So what?
So you can call them up and like have party time?
Is that what you want?
Yeah.
So it sounds like to me looking at the truth of it.
Yeah, he's looking for a friend.
Let's have another Myspace page.
Like an alternate page for the nut jobs.
Maybe that's what we already got.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You never know who you're dealing with.
That's one of the things that I'm communicating with people online, baby.
Go into these chat rooms and stuff.
Yeah, yeah.
You never have any idea who's on the other side of the line.
Maybe it's that guy from, uh, from the date line.
What's his name?
John Stossel.
No, that's not the guy's name.
The other guy, the one with the stings and everything.
Those are in trap to pedophile.
Whatever.
Whatever.
What does this make?
What is name is?
Who cares?
What's its freaking name is?
56670560, pound 560 and leave a rising and singular right of a slime.
WQA and hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, is that WQA and?
Yeah, that's WQA and yeah.
Oh, wrong number.
Okay.
QA and hello.
Hi, hello.
QA and hello.
See what I'll tell you.
Not just out of material, but I mean desperately out of material.
In less than one full week, less than a week in this South Florida crowd who wanted those
carers back so badly.
I mean, what you're putting on this phone, man, I wouldn't wish on Heinrich Himmler.
And by the way, I'm Greg Reed.
How do you like that?
I wouldn't wish it on the freaking water Nazi.
Just to be clear.
Yes.
It's not that I liked the stories all that much.
I mean, I liked them.
They were interesting to me, but it was just something else.
Something else is opposed to, as opposed to, like that exactly.
Well, so what does that mean?
Nothing else that wants to hear.
Oh, I know that.
I know.
I mean, I know.
I mean, I know.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
I mean, I know that.
Okay, yes, I guess we wrote this too.
I'll give you 8 King five guesses and you just mentioned
In a minute ago.
Chuck Barris?
Yeah.
Huh!
How do you like that?
I mean, how do you like that?
I mean, how do you like that is a multitalented guy.
I mean,...
And he was a sc
Pra knowing that.
And we were
And the beste part of it
We were supposed to believe all these contrivations ever giving in.
Well they did show up, you know that one that we all thought was a myth.
What's that? I finally saw it. You know that one most famous answer?
30s things said on TV to date.
You remember that? Everyone thought it was an urban myth when he asked the girl what's the most unusual place you've done it.
Oh yeah, I know.
Well we could say that.
Don't start pushing it too far man.
Don't start getting too deep into that.
Back to him, that's what he said.
And then of course there was always...
Got it all back to you.
It's just a great game you know?
Of course the sad part of it is, Dick Clark we found out later on was a real A-hole.
But nothing is perfect.
He was still good on a show.
It's just that he's an A-hole and Michael Moore showed him up for what he really is.
1200 and 4 votes on the poll.
We're making strides that Joel Fienberg is probably having a nervous breakdown about right now right across the street.
Probably sitting on the floor with his hand on his table trying to find a redress.
Forth radio 560, you A-M.
You were still...
The USA cut me at my spider-hole.
Now they turned me over to a rocky control.
But if the Americans don't keep me safe,
Redis-Ounders gonna be one more grave in Iraq.
Yeah, here in Iraq.
As soon as they put me in the dark,
I woke up in the jailhouse Iraq.
My people can hardly wait to fake the pay.
Just like the people do day in Tuesday.
Only one way to try and hover my post.
How Johnny Cacrenor Mark Gehrigos do Iraq?
Yeah, they come to Iraq.
If myself I'm gonna stay locked,
do they get to the jailhouse Iraq?
Maybe if I'm lucky I can have a plea.
Maybe I can even be the sanity.
I must have been crazy to get into this war.
It's like going to steal donut from Michael Moore in Iraq.
Yeah, here in Iraq.
My head will soon be on the black.
And I will die in the jailhouse Iraq.
Die in the jailhouse Iraq.
Try in the jailhouse.
147.13.15.60 W.K.
We got 16 people on there say,
real men don't use body wash.
Those are people that are real serious hang-ups.
Real insecure about their own masculinity.
You know what I'm saying?
Or they're just doing it to be, you know, kind of breathing.
Yeah, that could be.
Just to be contrary, just to try to piss me off.
Always sure got the old man really off.
Yeah, I really care.
Once I get killed in an evil,
I'm just a pretty sure thing.
I just can't stop.
In fact, just for George,
even though I can't stand the, I mean, despise the show.
Then he was just singing more, do you think?
I don't know.
You don't want sympathy in my eyes?
I haven't watched it a while, but I rarely had the beginning of this.
Well, that's all.
Lippin.
Lippin' all strong.
I think they have a, like a different version, but it's a similar.
What the hell is that?
I got a secret.
And the name of that song is Plank Plank Plunk.
All right.
How do you like that?
Well, these shows are from before most of the audience was born, okay?
Unless they watch the Game Show Channel,
which I haven't watched their channel in eight dogs age.
God.
I'm just, I don't know.
They get, first of all, the Game Show Channel.
They've got too many of these prefabricated shows that they made
especially for that channel.
You know what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
As opposed to real authentic old games shows, which I don't want to see them anymore anyway.
It's like watching the reruns of Wheel of Fortune when you've already seen it before.
They do all summer long and every know all the answers.
What's the fun and net?
What's the challenge for Christ's face, right?
It's like the calls here, man.
It's like the thing with a pool.
Life is a challenge.
It's like going to a woodbind.
It's the same thing sitting down in front of that machine
and challenging that machine, man.
And hitting that button and losing your ass, it's a challenge.
And you just don't like a challenge.
You just, you know, I don't.
I don't think so.
That's why you don't like the calls.
It's a challenge.
Okay.
It's only 30, 40,000 before you find somebody else on the face of the planet might want to hear.
Yeah, that's why I don't like it.
Oh.
5, 6, 7.
And Lion 1 still doesn't work, by the way.
Like, well, what happens when you press Lion 1?
You know what happens?
Nothing.
That's it.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, man.
I got a stupid little question, but I was curious about the body watch stuff.
How long have those dams plunged and laughed?
How long do they last?
Yeah.
Are you supposed to keep that for a week, a month?
Who are they?
They're not in here.
They last for ancient, for forever and ever, for a long time.
Do you remember?
Ever?
Scrungy?
Yeah.
Scrungy, squeaky, open, and slowly start falling apart and getting all underpots.
Yeah.
This is where I'm going.
I don't use it.
I got news for you.
It's like asking me, how long does that toilet paper last?
Yeah.
What is that?
What kind of a question is that?
Oh my god.
I think I'm starting to have a relapse.
You know, a South Florida relapse, I'm beginning to get sucked into that whole ambiance again.
Well, how difficult is it?
I mean, it's like turning on the faucet and how long does the water keep running out?
Yeah.
It's the same thing.
I mean, come on.
When you flush the toilet, how long is the water keep pushing down there?
It's long as it has.
Sometimes, not in my house.
No, you have to do it.
The toilet paper is not a can't stand being down there.
Is that, I got one.
I got one.
I got one.
I don't have a real strong water pressure.
I see.
You have a weak toilet.
Yeah.
And sometimes you got to flush like two, three times.
And it takes so damn lobby for it fills up again.
And I know I don't want to get into a discussion again about toilets and buying new toilets.
Remember you had that?
Did we?
I'm not.
Yeah.
We've been through all of that about all these different nifty kind of toilets and all that.
And that don't use so much water and you flush the damn thing and it just, you know, no matter what's in there.
It just sucks it.
Right on down.
That's right.
1217 votes on our Friday.
This is really on the first of December, December, whatever the hell it is.
Who had come up with the names for these stupid ass months anyway?
The Greeks.
The Greeks came up with this?
Romans.
Romans?
What are that?
In fact, in the movie, Max Point.
And I'm glad you mentioned that because at the end of the movie, because these vrets, you know, they're in all like the Greek crap.
They're in the Greek.
Sort of.
And what was his name in the movie?
I don't remember what his name was.
I've that said one thing.
His brother-in-law didn't look to bad Tom.
Tom.
And I don't know if the brits have a strange way of saying Tom.
They have a strange way of saying.
They don't say anything.
Everything.
But I mean, Tom.
Like in the movie, I tell them Mr. Ripley.
And he was, what was his name?
Matt Damon.
Tom.
Matt Damon.
What was his name?
Tom was something.
Well, whatever the hell his name was.
Rupert.
And, uh, I know it was.
It was the queen that played the organ of the church.
You can't know whatever the hell he was thinking about.
The queen that he ran off.
But he killed at the end of the movie by the way.
He killed him.
He was killed in everybody there by the end of the movie.
But anyway, he kept going on.
Tom.
But then again, he was...
BAAAMING!
That, uh, the guy in the church.
Of course, most of the people in the church are...
BAAAMING!
But it's a good place to hide.
Tom.
Anyway, he was a quote in Sophocles or some other crap.
Remember, as they last seen in the movie, he was telling her...
And by the way, the camera angles on it, as they kept giving closer and closer and closer,
close up.
So Jonathan Michael, uh, Reese or whatever his name is.
Jonathan Reese Myers.
I don't know what his name is.
And his name is...
I've seen planets in the solar system that weren't that big, really.
It was bigger than Uranus, his name was.
And that one was...
It was all curled up like that.
He had a big room through the face.
Yeah, it's not a bridge thing, you know.
It's a bridge thing.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, yeah.
Q-A-M.
What is it?
Q-A-M.
Q-A-M, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh, listening about your quietly disheartedly interesting radio to me.
Yeah, turn the dial. Okay. In fact take your radio and flush it down the toilet W to QAM. Hello
Or just jump in the toilet and flush the chain see what happens see how much suction you got in here QAM
Good
Good I'm probably really not listening to hands to
Handing calls and it was talking about that out cream or infinite and I want to know your opinion on how the
How the person hired a lawyer now he wants to take support
Yeah, he hired Gloria all red and these two dark guys they want to file a lawsuit for being
Fended and yummy up break. I saw her she was not with that bow tied the Tucker Carlson a couple nights ago
Gloria all red good God all right and even Tucker was like getting all over her ass like think I'm Joyce man
It was unbelievable you better him than me. Can you believe it? Yeah, I believe it
I thought it was representing these two black guys who in the audience that night of that comedy club and they're good
They want to suit and they want monetary damages what they want is they want to have a meeting with
Cramer mm-hmm with at lunatic and they want to sit down in a room and have him first apologize and then secondly determine
They want to have a retired judge sit in the room like on the people's court, you know like everything is a TV show
Life is a TV show and the judge is gonna make a decision how much money he should be then for insulting you know
Good golly miss mom kind of a communist bunch of crap is that it's not the only you want to play the freaking bridge tender
If we get paid every time somebody say like called me a stick or cause you a fag or something like that exactly
I'm so offended. You know that could be rich by now. I'm offended by all kinds of crap
But in fact, I'm not really offended at all when you're like yeah, sure. Yeah, well, let's play the bridge center
Jesus K Christ. What's that Brian Wilson bit which weren't just noticed that huh which weren't well?
I don't know. Well, see it's just above the bridge center that's one that goes do like it
After years of drug abuse and controversial rehabilitation
Beach boy Brian Wilson is ready to release a collection of his latest
composition
Brian do you have any idea how he tarted you sound
Show you what I mean here's how you sounded back in 62 from this early Beach Boy recording session
Okay, wait wait wait wait listen
Do you like it? Oh, that's very nice Brian
Do you like it a little hard to dance to
Do you like it? Yeah, very very nice Brian
The Brian Wilson collection of burned out composition
Do you like it? Oh, yeah
Master copy of that will now on eBay
Do you like it? Well, I've got to be going it
Like it
So best talent
Neil Rogers for radio 560
You
This is pretty quick whenever I shape my balls. I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour
New version redone
Time raise
I want some wind
These are football they do a sound and world of meat
We can't a guy that I want to do that's good enough to eat
I want to hear people want to be but there's no chance at all
So
See
of his at school, okay? That's not so great. But I'm going to know that it's badly, at least until
I have to think of my brain and my cash, although I'm taking his cash, she's going to make
millions in his body, how's that sound? Alright?
There it is.
John's code.
And that, of course, the guy that called him yesterday, I'll read you a dose in which we already
knew that, but was a good mention again.
Alright, huh?
Oh wait a minute, this was the only thing.
Oh no.
That was the original match game thing, as opposed to...
As opposed to that.
Yeah. Needless to say, we like the second one much, much better.
Passwords of Alan Ludmig, sure like his pop drop.
I don't know about you because you're not as addictive as sugar as I am.
Do you ever have a box of cop drafts and even like candy?
Sure. I'm not going to have that.
That's what you're writing about.
Oh yeah, but you're reading those awful halls meant the Olympus, aren't you?
Yeah, sugar free. The ones with a sorbitol, so we'll see you know it in half an hour.
Here's the facts from ALA, theses I'm a woman was introduced to by a wash by a big
macho construction worker. I used the old scrubbies on my dog who really had
a short hair, so it's hard to work up a leather on him.
Probably those aren't the old scrubbies you want to use on yourself.
I have to use them on the old dog, but nevertheless.
What else?
Well that's good, so big macho construction worker introduced this lady to body wash.
How long we've been talking about that body year?
Two years?
100 years? No, seriously, a long time.
I mean nobody uses soap anymore. It just isn't done.
How can you be clean using soap in that way?
Can we recall?
Yes, very similar to the shaving thing.
I made fun of you and said that it was gay, the whole body wash thing.
So when you're getting a mistake now, you actually admit that you're saying to those lighted down.
Some things that might have been gay once upon a time aren't anymore.
Well let's face it, I mean when the world looks to fashion, who they look to.
Gay, you know, Johnny and Sachi, all these queens.
Well I'm just talking about the world. I didn't say stupid women look to fashion.
Yeah. And men.
Huh? Okay, well, whatever you say, who designs all the jeans in the craft of guys wear?
Huh?
Gay, these are not Levi Strauss, long since dead.
Oh.
Tell him how about Levi Harner, he's also long since dead.
He's driving a road-era, but maybe that's the fourth race.
1241 votes. I bet you there's not another person on the face of the earth that members don't even have the horse.
But I sure do. I got a memory for crap.
I got a mind like a steel trap and it's full of crap and I can't get rid of it.
I need a lobotomy.
Maybe if I got a lobotomy, I'd get out of this place, you know?
Oh, I'll be honest with you.
When those chicks keep coming in, it's a fine reward, you know what I'm saying?
Oh, yeah.
It makes up for a lot of evil and a lot of nasty attitude in the part of this company.
And boy, they sure got a really crappy attitude.
Nice job this week, normally, by the way, in turn, they're asked around. Excellent job.
It's about time.
56670560, pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
We're, uh, game show intensive today, not.
And I want to see what team they've got for Wheel of Torture.
That's the same one. That was the old one with Chuck's story.
He used that as a ceramic Dalmatian, remember that?
I mean, he used to go shopping. Oh, that was a bad show.
They took a bad show and they turned it into a good show.
And Merve Griffin still made all the money. How do you like that?
Talk about born, uh, falling into a bucket of Schmidt.
That's Merve Griffin.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You're not going to believe this, but I just found an onion and a Burger King onion ring.
I am this Ford.
Oh, good. I'm real happy for you.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, hello.
Hi, sir.
Okay, I've switched them right cleaner.
That one's a flick of a finger, man. It's a beautiful thing.
56670560.
And, you know, it's just the sound of the voice that makes you really wonder.
It's just that tone. Like, do I know anybody like this?
I hope not. And I hope never too.
That desperate tone. Like, oh, gee, you're right. I'm alive.
Is anyone? Nobody cares. Nobody cares.
In fact, the centrist of telegram when you croak, okay, from down under.
And we'll have a big party. W-Q-A-M, hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Chuck Barris.
I know this was a while ago, but he wrote Palisade's Park.
Get out of here. He wrote Palisade's Park.
Where did Chuck have it?
That's where the Palisade's Park.
Well, he, that town and guy, you got to have your doom.
There you go.
Yeah.
There's Freddy Boom Boom Cannon, man.
He was a multi-talented CIA-1 writer, game show guy.
Yeah, he's killing me. Did you see the movie about his life?
What that was the name of that movie?
Oh. That's a good question, man.
Did you see it, though?
No, I didn't see it.
Oh, you should see. That's really pretty good.
Okay, I'll get it.
Okay, Palisade's Park.
Thanks for your pal.
My favorite songs, by the way, of all time.
Also, since we're getting out all the chicken extra,
we get paid by the world.
The hospital Cubans in Miami are smart.
They change the name to Alien Park.
Exploration is now down to a fine art.
That's where the fucks are, you different style puns.
Lads are away until you see the human chain.
The giant water right where you grab a jubber a raft.
That took your blood and up to a democracy.
Down, back south to the Q-the-down.
Underwater and drown and back around.
To a corrupt little town.
It's the biggest park you've ever seen.
That little major of the toilets are clean.
Those eyes are not a draft.
Like a big shot media shot.
And that'll park your car.
It's all about how important you feel
at the rest of the country.
It's a club they pay for it.
How's it your fun?
I've got down to Alien Park.
Thanks for being here, Blakey.
I love it.
Well, this is the one with last half of it.
I love it, but then the last half of it all went...
I ain't like that for about a minute and a half.
Confessions is always good to kill.
What?
Confessions of a dangerous mind.
That's a very good confessions of a dangerous mind.
That's the Tuckbearer's biography.
It's a very good movie.
Now you see it, right?
Yeah, it was good.
A lot of you, Josh, you see it?
No.
Even if it wasn't true, it was good as a movie.
Oh, you mean the CIA part?
Yeah.
But the rest of it was good about how he, you know,
put the shows on the ear and it was like cutting edge
and way over the line and then we were all nervous
and bad out of shape about it.
And he was just a wild and crazy little guy.
Also, the Gong Show movie was kind of interesting if...
That shows did anything for you.
If you thought it was cute, did you get on the show movie?
Yeah, they made a Gong Show movie with footage
from the Gong Show at the time behind the scene stuff.
You know, like, JP Morgan?
He was in it all the time.
And with Taylor and I,
they met her side TV on,
and my sunglasses were boomed.
Anyway, you ever see John Bolton and Rip Taylor
together, same person?
Oh, man.
Does John Bolton throw confetti?
Oh, now here's a show that has been out in 100 years.
Hi, Rollers.
Wasn't that what you were putting in jeopardy?
Now, it's convenient.
That's the Canadian.
It's that.
I want to go to Honit with Squarespace team.
This must be the originally old one.
People in Russia?
People in Russia?
Yeah.
That was kind of a corny show,
but, you know, Paulin was on it and some other screeners.
Anyway, it was okay.
Charlie Weaver.
The original one.
Like I told you, when they tried to bring it back,
oh, when they tried to bring all these games shows back
like the 85th version of Family Feud.
There's another one on now.
Last time I was down there, I'm sitting there watching TV,
you know, every minute that I'm awake.
And they have another version of Family Feud.
And this host is even worse than the last one,
although not as bad as Louis B. Anderson.
1247 votes on the poll today.
We got a shot at it to doing something, you know what?
Don't you feel it?
Feel something.
And 22, guys, say,
real men don't use body wash.
Right.
Oh, please.
Cracker, please.
You're right there just doing that to agitate me.
You think I care?
No.
No, I don't.
And guess what else is on it?
Jack Perry, he's long since today.
Well, was he some kind of a host or was?
Some kind, I can't say it on here.
Wow.
All right.
That is some pretty heavy-duty crap, I'll tell you that.
And the theme on here for the prices right on this disc,
because it's older than Methuselah.
This is the old prices that I would build column.
Original.
Release the freeze.
And off-rays at whatever.
There you go.
Oh, you don't.
Maybe a shot on Game Show Channel.
Maybe.
The original.
With Bill Cullen, then, is a gimpie leg.
It's coming to find out he had polio.
He did not have a wooden leg.
And I never knew that until we did read the thing on here.
How's he doing?
He's still dead.
Bill Cullen.
He was good.
And I hope that wouldn't like Bill Cullen, you know?
There are some people who have been on television over the years.
We just had a very likable personality.
They were like low-key and not offensive.
You know, and he was one of them, Bill Cullen.
Can you imagine anybody didn't like him?
I liked him.
Yeah, just fine.
I'm a heart-ass.
Yeah, and you are.
I mean, like Dick Clark, we liked him back in the day before we realized he was a major a-hole,
but that's beside the point.
Before he was using them, dark folks for a slave laborer at his shop in Detroit.
Remember that lady that was working at the Fudgery?
He had.
What did they do there?
Well, I just swooned thinking about Fudger.
In fact, in Niagara, in the fall view, the casino Niagara Falls,
they have a place called the Fudgery, or I don't know what it's called,
but they make Fudge right there in front of your push.
Uh-huh.
And wow.
I mean, I didn't have some once.
And I spent the rest of the day in my room taking pills to get my blood sugar down.
I mean, a bad mistake.
But it's just you look at it.
It's just so rich and so true.
If you're addicted to chocolate and sugar, man, you've got to have Fudge.
I'm telling you, I'm not Fudge in here.
The biggest name, self-best talent, is the real Rochester.
Don't force radio 560, you A-M.
Florida Panthers hockey age rock, that's a park.
I'm not selling it so soon, it's gold!
I'm not selling it so soon, it's gold!
I'm not selling it so soon, it's gold!
I'm not selling it so soon, it's gold!
Takeoff presents the Panthers and the freshers from the Bacon Linux Center.
Covered starts at 7 p.m. with Panthers preview.
Treated by GM Lexus.
We're for you, Psyco Z, Q-A-M.
Yeah, I got the check.
Got a card, this is Psyco Z, it's my most favorite.
Got a real service, real savings.
It's like a fake.
This is I with this news.
That from Game Show host Bob Barker says he is going to retire from the price is right.
Bob, you've had a terrific career.
I don't know what everybody knows, but your favorite part of the show was...
Having sex with different members of the audience.
Right, and what was your best pickup line?
Let's try it in the car.
Well, pretty lame line, but hey, you're Bob Barker.
So, where else did you get preaky-deaky with the audience?
I love seats, the sofa, and the Jeep.
You go, Bob.
Are you well in doubt?
Look down here please.
Oh, and it's a pleasure to show you this.
Holy kill, Baza!
Be sure eyes on that.
Oh, black.
So anyway, I told him one of the tablets had a headline.
Bob Barker is leaving the show because he's dying, and I never picked up the magazine.
It would be kind of interesting to find out, although, what is he?
110?
Something like that.
When somebody is 110, even though we liked him a lot, you know, he's dying.
It's like, well, you know, it's one of those things happens to the best of us.
Club 18 at 5.60 W.Q.A.M.
Dale Davis of the Detroit Fistens went from one court to another today.
This time he's in front of a date County judge-facing trial connection with a 2.A.M. Southeast confrontation
that ended when he was there for the stun gun.
Davis who played 8 minutes in score, no points in Detroit's victory, 30th Anniversary with a heat.
Oh, the heat are losing like crazy, aren't they?
And that's because they ain't got fast because they suck.
You're defending champion, Miami Heat.
Don't they suck, Josh?
Yeah, right now.
Anyway, Davis is in the courtroom with Dave Judge Ed Newman.
I wonder if he's kind of Alfred E, you think?
He's charged a connection with an obvious clash with the South Beach Marriott on Ocean Drive.
Police arrived at a hotel after security guards called claiming that a belligerent Davis,
who plays power forward for the fistens, was threatening them.
And you're supposed to play-
Are you threatening me?
I don't have that.
Why don't I have that?
Treat it.
Where do I have that?
It's under Davis.
Under what?
Bevis-Threats.
Let me say it again.
I'd positive I don't have it.
I don't have it.
There's no bevis in here, period.
That's been in here since the show was popular.
Well, it's not in my D.C.S.
I'm going to say that right now, Mr. Wright.
Right in here.
Okay.
I'm just telling you, all the way do you have this?
I got that.
Oh, boy, do we have some crap or what, huh?
Anyway, police said Davis refused an offer to his command to take his hands out of his pockets.
Then challenged the officer to a fight.
Police shot him with a stun gun.
Davis was charged with assault disorderly conduct from resisting arrest with our violence.
The judge Ed Newman of course has adopted for more offensive linemen,
which way before your time, Josh, you don't remember Ed Newman.
No.
That's too bad, I choose you not to be a dolphin.
Of course, you're not a dolphin anyway.
I need to remind.
So, George couldn't care less either way.
The offense in the Jaguar is now that's been moved up to about a four o'clock game or something this Sunday.
I don't know what time it is.
It was supposed to be a one-game, one-clock game, but it's turned into a four-clock game.
What do you mean you don't know what it is?
Well, look at that.
We got U.M. and Georgia Tech hoops on Sunday.
Have I actually, uh, a clearance day there today?
Is he?
Yes, he is.
No, he is there.
Must be leaving tomorrow for, uh, maybe it's a home game.
I mean, sooner or later, they got to play a home game.
And they sure needed that arena down there on U of M campus today.
How many people are game coming here?
About 30, man.
And basketball, boy, they need that like a, as they say in Finland, they need that like a locking cup.
1260 votes, there's that 1260.
And you notice, see, I'm very big on omens.
I'm not superstitious, but I do believe in omens.
Does that make me superstitious?
Uh, if you really do.
I'm kind of sort of.
And the fact that every time I look over there, like almost every day at a certain point,
we get to an even 1260 votes on the pool.
1260 is W.A.L.M. and Albeon Michigan.
Where I worked in 1965, I want to say, I want to say 65.
That's not even on the year anymore.
But I think I'll go back there.
It was like in a big old house out there kind of like in a countryside, big house.
That interesting.
It's not as interesting as talking about the toilet in my house, like that one guy.
Oh, yeah, I'm not interested in that way.
In captivating radio.
I hear a new talk about flushing.
Well, guess what?
What's his name came into town?
And all he talked about was his girls' ball movements.
What thought was his name?
Grego.
Grego.
That's right. Greg.
Yeah.
Got in the ward from the Lady Broadcasters for, I guess they like to also hear about his
girlfriend's ball movements.
That was his topic.
That was not just the topic of one day.
That was the topic every day.
That was all he talked about.
He wasn't around for a long, wasn't he?
No.
For some reason.
He was around not even as long as Tom Dole like us.
Rick in West Palm Beach says, take a look at Bob Norman's call, the New Times December.
He's titled, The Titus Slots in Town.
He says, the payout on the New Slots at Gulf Stream are the lowest in the U.S.
He goes on to say these state mandates only 85% return.
So what do you mean only in 85?
What do you think it's going to be, Rick?
Like 110%.
It says, in your recommendation, I picked up Max Point and enjoyed it.
Well, thank God for that.
Another one, Alan Filmmo might enjoy it.
Everyone says, I love you.
And George would probably like anything else to ask Christina Ricci, wearing very little clothing most of the film, mostly naked.
Okay.
Yesterday you were talking about different types of meat and no pun intended.
Have you ever had a tribe?
Oh, geez, right in the middle of lunch hour, Rick.
Thanks for the great entertainment and joy this year with it without the call, this PS don't retire too soon.
I won't work, don't worry about it.
I'd like those texts coming in because I need to be the Godfather to the entire universe, including even George and Josh a little bit.
I'm kind of like the teeny-weeny Godfather for them.
I don't pass too much of...
Well, yeah, because I don't like you that much.
I like you a lot, but not that much, you know.
Hey, listen, you're all me.
I'm just one of those sad old queens.
This is the way it is.
Just the way it is.
That's made her fine.
I'm the first one to tell that way.
I'm a very generous guy.
I like to share the wealth, either to spread it around, you know.
And what's wrong with that?
Nothing.
Of course, some people might take that the wrong way.
You know, I don't really care.
Take it and stuff it.
270 votes.
Real men don't abuse children or animals.
444, I mean, it goes without saying.
I mean, what kind of a person wouldn't agree with that, huh?
Right.
Real men don't hit women 343.
I know a lot of guys that would disagree with that.
Especially if they got some nagging bitch that's making their lives a living hell.
But anyway.
Real men don't pat each other other men on the ass.
106.
Don't shower with other men.
101.
Those numbers have been very tight.
Just like the guys who do that, very tight.
101.
Shave anything but they're facing head 85.
Real men don't play fantasy football.
Fantasy football and fantasy fifth.
Real men don't go to fantasy fifth.
You want to put that under too?
No.
That's right.
So does the fantasy fifth, doesn't it?
It's not just a gay thing, you know.
What is it?
It's a hearty thing.
Just because people don't have that.
Let me always say it again.
You don't know to get any to go to Key West to get drunk.
Okay.
You know, your buddy there helps him.
You don't have to go to Key West to get a lot of women walking around that are body painted.
Yeah, you think they're women or otherwise?
You think they're women or boobs hanging out so they sure look good.
I got news for a man.
I spent a lot of time in Amsterdam and there are a lot of the guys who think that they're dealing with women.
Oh, surprise.
Holy cow, what's that?
Whoo.
Anyway.
Real men don't play fantasy football 72.
Whatever.
I hate this pool 39.
A mere 3%.
Well, we sure made them happy the last two days with the polls.
And I sure wish it would stop raining.
But at least it's in the plus column.
Aren't you pleased for me about that?
I'm not going to be slipping and sliding and falling in the ice.
That is good.
Ice storm north of here up on Yonder.
It's already plus two, man.
The way south to Perry south for the remainder of the day.
He said south.
He said south.
Oh, you're so Canadian.
You're such a connoct.
So, but these are good people here, man.
They really are.
Not all of them.
Some of them are anywhere you go into world.
There's a bunch of A-holes.
But these are really fine people.
Not like south Florida though, but good people.
Polite friendly, nice low key.
Lay back.
Not paranoid.
Not insecure.
Not hateful.
Not full of hate.
We got all these people from China and Philippines and India and Pakistan and all over the world here.
And nobody cares.
You know, at least it's here.
It's talking about the smelly, packy stuff like that.
Well, they had that one bit that I play.
Real men don't listen to Neil 28.
2.1%.
Yeah, likely story.
Real men don't use bodywars 22.
Even a less likely story, okay?
In fact, that would be a good pool like what?
You know, which guys are more mature?
The ones who listen to Neil or the ones who use bodywars.
See what I'm saying?
Good point.
Real men don't pay for sex directly 18.
That's first of all, I'm glad I like going back to Amsterdam again.
Real men don't take Vagua 9 and real men don't cry.
That's still stuck on 3, okay?
Because all these guys are crying in their beer, baby.
They're crying their eyes out.
All these sluggers that are working for some schmuck.
That's the way it is.
All your kids out there.
When you work for other people, you're working for usually 9 out of 10 times a real schmuck.
Nasty, hateful, unappreciated, you know what it is.
At least we're appreciated in this place, especially you.
Huh?
26 past noon at 5.
Oh, there's that knockout in the door.
My packet will be here.
You better go get it.
You know, this machine that I bought, this brother of facts all in one.
The MFC 4800.
I know what the MFC stands for.
But anyway, it's a reconditioned one.
So it was only 125 bucks.
Which I don't mind the fact that the plastic shield on the front is like
Oingish mirrored and got like, you know, I don't really care about that.
But there were like two, two parts, two trays like, or one of them, just one tray missing.
But being creative, which I am, I went to the old one, you know, the one that said the error, whatever number, and so on and so.
And I just took that plastic tray and I stuck it on there.
But you cannibalized it.
Aren't I creative?
See, I got this for, I don't need any engineers, patching it around in this studio.
Or the beast and robber creeper coming in here, did one with the buttons and stuff like that.
Like what's his name said?
Who said that about the dittling with the bow on the internet?
Larry King.
You push button.
Yeah, you push your button.
It's like the one on your bag, Larry, to want it to empty it out.
Boy, talk about an old lunchback funny, dirty.
And there's another guy talking about making millions for kissing asses.
Oh, Larry King.
Experience the difference in Mercedes-Benz of Pompo during their winter event.
And it's going on right now.
The all new 2007 Mercedes-Benz CL550 has just come in and joins the 2007 S550
to create an unprecedented driving experience for you.
During the Mercedes-Benz of Pompo to winter event, enjoy at least in finance specials on C, E,
ML and arc class vehicles plus the motor train SUV of the year, the GL450.
Mercedes-Benz of Pompo's got over 200 shleppers and for his dedicated providing comparable service for you,
working their brains off to provide you with the best in service, offering convenient service hours, courtesy vehicles and complimentary car washers for
provided customers.
They even offered dealer miles to the service customers too.
Browse the vendor X-Fo with over 150 new and pre-owned vehicles or click on benzpompo.com, that's B-E-N-Z, benzpompo.com.
Experience the difference during the winter event of Mercedes-Benz of Pompo, you'll find them at i95 and Copens Road, 1-800 new bans.
That's how you get in touch by a phone, 1-800-NEW-V-E-N-Z, new bans for Mercedes-Benz of Pompo, wishing you and your family a joyous holiday season.
The biggest name, the best talent to the this is Neil Rogers, sports radio 560.
You AM!
Gulf Stream Park presents Rumble in the Park, a Las Vegas-style light heavyweight single elimination contenders tournament.
Finalists will buy for the $25,000 winners purse and take possession of the IVA's light heavyweight championship belts.
The tournament begins Thursday, December 14th.
First belt is 7.30pm, Rumble in the Park, the event that will define South Florida boxing history.
Live at Gulf Stream Park, racing in Casino, take it's available on sale now at Sikimaster for more boxing info along on gulstreampark.com.
18 National Championships, 14 Heistman Trophy winners, 200 million in local economic impact, a world-class half-time show.
One of college football's most anticipated events, the 73rd FedEx Orange Bowl.
Expect the ACC Conference Champion to take the field in the Questfoot glory as the Orange Bowl game kicks off at Dolphin Stadium on Jan. with the second 2007.
You can also catch the action leading up to the game at the Orange Bowl Beach Bash Rally on Jan. with the first.
And the Budweiser Orange Bowl tailgate party the day of the game.
You'll miss your chance to see the best football in the world.
You'll be on the Magna-Anna for a chance to win.
Take it's a Super Bowl, voting one at Dolphin Stadium.
But you'll also be entered for a chance to win.
Take it's a Super Bowl, voting one at Dolphin Stadium.
Take it's a Super Bowl, voting one at Dolphin Stadium.
And you'll be entered for a chance to see the best football in the world.
Have you been cutting back on your lifestyle?
It's time to treat yourself to that new set of golf clubs or a fishing trip to the Keys.
Don't deprive yourself. Eastern Financial Florida Credit Union will save you money on a vast array of financial products and services.
As the biggest, not-for-profit credit union in South Florida, they exist to help you save on your mortgage, car loan, or home equity line.
And earn more on checking and savings products.
Get back to the good life.
With Eastern Financial, learn more about membership at youcanjoin.com.
The 13th annual Metro PCS Orange Bowl Basketball Classic is back.
This double header will feature the 2006 NCAA National Champion Florida Gators battling the UAV Blazers.
Prior to that, you can catch your hometown hurricanes as they take on the Nebraska Cornhuskers.
Don't miss your chance to see the National Champion Gators in their only South Florida Periodist's season.
At the Metro PCS, Orange Bowl Basketball Classic, on Saturday, December 30th, at the Bank of Latin Accentor in Sunrise.
Games beginning at 3.30 p.m. while your tickets today.
Calls real-
Oh, and that was the one, okay.
So, to a club for Chentville, then where all the girls disrobed,
there's one thing keeps me going back the lack of their wardrobe.
Maybe one will come home with me, oh, that is what I hope.
Oh, I really like the one main joy, a stripper named Joy.
Oh, I really like some Christmas joy.
Dad, dad, dad, someday you'll be dead.
Dad, dad, dad, someday we'll all be dead.
The minute we're born, we start dying.
We die a little more every day.
Younger old Richard Ford, there's nothing we can do to stop it.
So, it looked long at that Christmas tree, it may be the last one that I'm dying over here.
Dad, great, your house in green and red, because someday you'll be dead.
Dad, dad, dad, someday you'll be dead.
Dad, dad, dad, someday we'll all be dead.
It might happen in a couple months or 50 years from now,
but no matter when it happens, it will seem too soon to you.
So be sure on Christmas Eve when you snuggle in to bed,
that you'll thank God for your family, because someday they'll be dead.
Dad, dad, dad, someday they'll be dead.
Dad, dad, someday we'll all be dead.
Who knows how many Christmas is left in their short life?
Nobody knows, that's my point.
Enjoy the while you can.
And so on Christmas morning, let good tidings fill your head.
What a festive season, someday you'll be dead.
Dad, dad, dad, someday we'll be dead.
Dad, dad, dad, everyone you will get.
A very Merry Christmas to you.
Absolutely.
Dad, dad, dad.
Dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
Dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
Dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
Dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad dad Dad, dad dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad dad, dad
Dad, dad, Dad, dad, dad, dad dad, Dad, dad, dad, Dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad
uh... humber for a three hours for the seven
these seven o'clock eighty-eight ten
bases on for three hours because there's no panther game
panther's of the three consecutive games
and you know how many goals they scored those three games
zero
they've been shown out three games in a row
i just mentioned in passing well maybe they'll score uh... tomorrow either
playing the trashers but i doubt it
without their knowledge millions of americans and foreigners crossing u.s. borders in
the past four years have been assigned scores generated by u.s. government computers
waiting the risk that the travelers are terrorist criminals
how do you like that
the travelers are allowed to see or directly challenge these risk assessments
which the government tends to keep on file for forty
freaking years
the government calls the system critical the national security following nine eleven
some privacy advocates call it one of the most intrusive and risky schemes
yet mounted in the name of anti-terrorism efforts
virtually every person that we believe in the west by air see well and is
scored by the home line security departments
automated targeting system or a t.s.
the scores are based in a t.s. is the utilization of their travel records other
data
including items such as where they're from how they pay for tickets their motor vehicle
records passed one way travel
seating preference of what kind of meal they ordered
man can you imagine if you ordered a kosher meal
the order to fall off of
yeah that's bad
the use of the program on travelers was quietly disclosed earlier this month when
the department put a notice detailing a t.s. in the federal register
a fine print company and the federal rules
the few civil liberties lawyers who had heard of a t.s. and even some law enforcement
officer said they had thought it was only used to screen cargo
the home line security department called a program one of the most advanced
targeting systems in the world and said the nation's ability to spot criminals
not security threats would be critically impaired without access to this data
but today but so will a lawyer economic frontier foundation
a group devoted to civil liberties and cyberspace
it's probably the most invasive system the government is yet deployed
in terms of the number of people affected
government officials couldn't say whether a t.s. is apprehended any terrorist
based on all the information available to them federal agents turned back about
forty five foreign criminals a day at u.s. borders
according to home line security specimens of order protection spokesman
bill anthony
he couldn't say how many were spotted by a t.s.
the data mining project known as secure flight computerized
screening system for domestic air travelers
caused a fewer two years ago in congress
lawmaker's barred simple notation it's open be
past ten tests for accuracy and privacy protection
in comments to the government about a t.s. so will set some individuals will be
denied the right to travel and made the right to travel free of unwarded
interference
well there you go
it's just a more fascism again
profile and all of us who fly
please you out because you can't afford to do it anyway
that's right so what does it matter
that's right and of course i fly all over the place so they probably figure
terrorist
he hates the president
terrorist evil definitely
thirteen hundred seventy two votes were going to make fourteen today by godly by
gum
by gosh
and we want to take a few more calls here between now to all the
to rate the cost of the end of schedule zero i would say like minus uh... you
know infinity
pretty weak when you agree pretty weak yeah i'm agree
pretty weak collective effort to today i'm thinking maybe i'm trying to think one or two
that we had to work actually worth the speaking of somebody about five six seven
o five sixty
pound five sixty and the Verizon singular wireless line what about those hurricane
whatever that means uh... let's see they got a boldly at yash
oh yeah they're playing on the uh... the blue turf and we want to toilet
bull in my house are you serious yeah what does that mean
being there playing you know boys you state has the blue turf field
lazy state they're playing the bad uh...
oh my god wq weigh in hello
yeah i talk to me i'll speak in
no one are up to your close-profile friend mohal
you
the
the i think you do it
wq weigh in hello
uh... the carlose something special
wq weigh in hello
why did these things and man sometimes they do and sometimes they don't
qlm
me how are you okay sir how are you good good listen uh... i came i want to give
you a ball of all suggestions
yeah
uh... i don't know if you like it but it's uh... people you don't know if you like
or not and i'll give you two
christopher's it's and i know he's not the but
i've got you can
yeah certain time how about justy jackson exactly because i think i was on
there he says all the things that you agree with and then he turns around
and that you know is the same opportunist piece of crap that he always was
yeah the opposite was time you can i know he i don't agree with most of
the says but at least you know he's uh... humorous you know
yeah he was amusing as always uh... they said Hitler was a real laugh at a party too
yeah thanks a lot pal and no calm yeah and Francisco franco five six seven franco
american and pound five sixty and they've arrived in singular right this line
as we continue searching for the perfect call
having had it yet today but we've had some that are like right on the verge of it
very close
w.a.m. hello
uh...
yes
okay i guess they took away his uh... his phone
here that
maybe they put him back in bed and i know it was going to be good i could just feel
it giving back his anywhere here somebody was playing the calm in the background
maybe they were doing like a point of veins maybe they're trying to like live up
to the standard that you said
i don't think they could match it
w.a.m. hello
q.a.m. oh look at that it's his uh... associate the president
i i i i see the same screwed up screen i'm always in self
oh you see anything well i had a little fart there on my uh... equipment i don't
know what that's all about q.a.m. hello
there's no flags in my rack
w.a.m. hello
well this thing is really messed up now
q.a.m. hello yes sir
i think i just turned on the radio
i just want to talk about uh...
uh... trimming up down below
uh... one of the benefits is it really makes your junk look bigger
especially in agitated five six seven oh five sixty i think junk is the word in your case
and pound five six ten leave a rising and sing it a right of the slimes sounds
off we gave to me okay
district eyes use that term
junk yeah not personally but i've heard it said
oh sounds really gay to me sounds like a real screamer
thirteen seventy eight on the polls when we got to do fourteen hundred today and
everybody's going to be raving about about norm is going to be writing about it
new times broward pombi's magazine
he's going to say what one of the odds on that must be fixed
i mean i read that i you know and during the breaks a couple times i pulled that baby
out in the article two and and looked at it
just to see that i didn't misread you know
how is it possible for anybody to be so pathetic
he's just overwhelmed by the uh... there you go was the term he used that got
to get out again
i got a right here somewhere i wouldn't i wouldn't
sure that
he's been to Vegas and he came to despise them
see this is part of the hate in south florida it's part of the whole hate
mentality it's wanting to hate people it's wanting to hate cats or
hate you know you can hate different things
but to hate slot machines you know i'm saying what he said
i hated twenty one till two five sixty double if you and you know nothing's
worse this time of the year than having a shut up to the mall and fight a bunch of
people like they got ants in their pants they're crazy if you're shopping for a
mattress skip all the holiday mayhem and madness just by sitting around your
fat ass and make one easy call to dial a mattress
it won eight hundred mattress and don't forget it's dial mattress is
thirty-a-th birthday and celebrate dial a mattress and simmons are offering
the lowest price of the year on the best selling simmons beauty rest pillow top
it's like they bring the whole store to you
call one eight hundred mattress to get factory direct prices in the world
when the service with no nonsense
call by game time in new mattress will be delivered by the post game show
with dial a mattress simply choose the date and time for delivery and they show up seven days
a week from eight a into ten p.m you pick it to our window and that's when they show up
even the very same day that you call that's why dial a mattress one of the many reasons
why they're ranked number one in the world of customer satisfaction have been for years
and while i've used them all that time and why everybody acutement uses them too
so if you want to do a smart piece of shopping just look them up on the way with mattress
calmer make that one easy call one eight hundred mattress one eight hundred m-a-t-t-r-e-s
leave off the last is because it stands for stew pendus saving
the biggest name of best talent to the business wheel rogers for 20560
you a-m
right you best did
oh
rainbow flags and hearings in my right hand you fairy am i queer people stop and stay away
and we are near
oh
more fear we're just living life the way we want to
it's covered in gas and that is all
why people say those nasty nasty things they do it's covered in gas and that is all
it's just something they they can't approve
oh
women's scream is dressed up all in drag
it's so sad they're the ones that make us all look bad
also bad we're just living life the way we want to
oh
it's covered in gas and that is all it's why they say those nasty things they do
it's because on gas and that is all but it could be so hard inside you
oh yes so so hard inside you inside
oh
145 i think we're going to get that electric razor out and see what i can do to make my junk
look bigger for the weekend yeah that's not the only thing you can do 13 ever 19
1391 on the floor oh so these people are just i'm trying
yeah let me let me just say this here anybody who voluntarily chooses
in other words they're not trapped in south Florida for a period of time whether it's a month
a year or whatever help president voluntarily chooses to be there and definitely needs a
serious help a simple gigantic asteroid slammed into earth 65 million years ago doing the dinosaurs
and many species scientists said yesterday in a new study we budding theories the multiple
impacts did the deed an examination of rock sediments grilled from five sites at the bottom of
the Atlantic Ocean strongly support the notion that one massive hunk rhymes with junk one massive
hunk of space rock caused mass extinction a research team led by the University of Missouri
Columbia geology professor Ken McLeod it's a completely straightforward single impact scenario
McLeod is finding is appearing in the geological society of america bulletin send interview it was
a handmaker then nobody saw coming one shot that's all you need to explain it like one uh
scientists believe that an asteroid about six miles wide hurled at earth 65 and a half million
years ago at the end of the Quattacious period plunging into what is now Mexico is Yucatan
Peninsula the carve out the Chicks or Chicksalube careful I actually said that because it shows how to
Chicksalube crater made it work as you say Chicksalube that's like an ointment that you spread on your
junk to put a mildly it was a bad day to live on earth it says here the impact triggered a
worldwide environmental catastrophe many scientists believe expelling vast quantities of rock
industry in the sky unleashing giant tsunamis sparking global wildfires and leaving earth shrouded
in darkness for years in other words there was massive tourists all around us and what's the
bottom i'm worried about stupid-ass slot machines man oh god i don't think i'm ever going to get
over reading that article it's just this i'm never you're gonna be good what do you expect no
that that's the kind of mentality i expect but isn't new times hasn't it been city-baking new times
both both of those publications usually been a little more avant-garde a little more progressive a
little a little less staggy and a fight uh huh that's what they've built that that's what they're
well guess what ancient history now uh-huh any publication that would put a piece of puke in the uh
in their print like that it needs metal-held man i mean who are who the hell are they pandering to
without garbage old people old people old people are ones he's bitching about because they're all
over there at gallstream or not those old people and god forbid they should have a good time and
maybe spread the a wealthermite a little bit cheap bastards i mean 13 every 97 votes on the pull
man we got 14 ever to look today but that's pretty good and we got this whole pile of really good
polls for next week i feel like something really uh-great is on the verge of happening like maybe
winning the allot of night the pick seven the super seven for 22 million in which case i'll i'll
be i'll be on the road real fast tomorrow morning it says that dinosaurs was in rule for 160
million years were wiped out see here these numbers again we know the earth is only six thousand
of so years old that's what the lord tells us that's what the good book says the dinosaurs were
wiped out so were large marine reptiles like the most ma-mosa sores and the plea if how do you
say this please the assort please are you sore yes there goes again with a junk the flying reptiles
known as so i can't pronounce it tridon's teradactyls terasaurus seafolia the tentacle amonites
that populate the seas many species at marine plankton the tentacle amonites i thought they were
like the menonites like the barren suffered losses but they survived and that's because they can fly
right fly fly fly see sometimes it's good to be able to fly the mammals made it through as well
allowing these warm blooded furry little creatures to eventually dominate the land ultimately
sitting the stage for the rise of human beings which all sounds like uh the stage for evolution
to make evolution my ass huh well this is so anti-religion thank god that's why I read it
because the religious people are the crazy people who move the dangerous people not just the
crazed mozzles remind you not just the crazy ragheads right the lot speaker that South Africa will
be the first African country where gay people can wet when the log goes into effect today in fact
it's already in effect right now because time wise they're way ahead of us many other ways there
way behind everybody the law was approved by mp two weeks ago despite objections from religious
groups and traditional leaders the constitutional court of south africa rule last year that the
existing laws discriminated against homosexuals the civil union that gives gay people the same
words as heterosexual couples the ruling was based on the constitution which was the first in
the world specifically the wild lot of discrimination in the grounds of sexual orientation i wish it
knows that no yeah you did because i already read the story on this uh sometime back or maybe
last week when you were on vacation because i know if you would have been there you'd have been on
the edge of your seat is that last break really only a two minutes jay uh no it's more than two
well it says two here unless the bottom of the pages like it and it's not how long is the last
break yeah two minutes sheeders like a 60 and 230s what does that add up to i don't want to
like i said two minutes 1399 that means the next vote's going to be 1400 and then they will
fear us baby when we get to 1400 we got a two minute break at the end of the show or kind of a
bunch of communist crap is added give me extra time to play the bird center again for my girlfriend
or here's a little warning is the public service not that i cure of course pregnant women
in those who plan to become pregnant should avoid taking the antidepressant paxil if possible
because of the risk of birth defects a group of obstetricians say yesterday the opinion issued by
the obstetric practice committee of the american college of obstetricians and gynecologists
comes nearly a year after the FDA in manufacture glatsoes mithkline reclassified the drug to reflect
studies in pregnant women that showed the drug poses a risk to the fetus to the fetus baby
and eventually the fetus auger's out there pretty peeled about that two studies of pregnant
woman who were taking paxil during their first trimester have shown that their babies have heart
defects at a rate that is as much as twice the norm just like lizzie's baby on viding light it's
got a murmur it's got a murmur baby or is it a baby with a murmur some kind of junk
you know in my i mean i'm sure i've heard that you know but just i don't know
maybe i just traveled in the wrong circles you know
huh jerk i'm not jerk i've heard that junk 1402 wow 1402 for the old Jew that's pretty uh
i'm impressed thanks a lot to impress me anyway don't take paxil you're pregnant okay i won't
and don't you take any no and if you're right kids doing it again
yeah shoot myself 1402 on upholiday we are so impressed and grateful for that i want to kiss the
ground of the the microphone as if it makes any difference at all real men don't abuse children
or animals 474 real men don't hit women 379 real men don't pat each other on the ass 115 oh talk
about a active factory real men don't shower with other men 113 she does two are like almost tied
side by side neck and neck nose to nose you think there was like some kind of a french
connection with those two yeah real men don't shave anything but they're face and head 98 they
sure is how don't shave their armpits although i will say this now would you say that well i mean
most most olympic swimmers yeah are um gay right well yeah well do you think that's just a
coincidence or what the divers definitely the swimmers maybe maybe not i don't know i haven't
taken a poll maybe you should i don't understand what i just got an email and it's another one
is fake i got your email but you know yeah right like they story someone who's uh some band
yeah some bitch some i um blackberry so i want a good thing about that you can delete it right away
anyway real men don't uh shave anything but they're facing the 98 real men don't play fantasy
football 80 i hate this poll only 43 it's still 3% you know i've been 3% the whole time what does
that mean i don't know i don't know maybe i should play machine number three mon but i doubted
real men don't use body wash look how many people wrote it for that
oh my god oh there's Danny de Vito smashed on the view
seeing him to the three stooge oh who cares he is plastered look at
it that's what they ever had out of sure yeah he's doing his bushing rum sol limitation
nice going Danny you go midget midget real men don't use body wash 31 real men don't listen to
the neo 29 that's not 2% real men don't pay for sex directly 21 they doing around about way
and then they feel like better about it oh i don't would never pray yeah i would likely
story paying thousands millions real men don't take vigorous 16 and real men don't cry
absolute one night when he insisted that the president wasn't doing things right
then bushes numbers they'll survive and suddenly we began to realize they were doing the
George Bush back his record they tried to try to support us left in a flat they did the George
Bush from a tiny little office in the White House wing east he pondered terrorism and
Middle East peace he thought of John Kerry grabbing more votes then thought of grabbing
Kerry by the throne they did the George Bush back his record they really tried to support his
left in a flat they did the George Bush back carry numbers were shocking and quite profound
George had to do something and not monkey around those important supporters he needed to
revive with more that he carried out helping him stay alive they did the George Bush
back his record they really tried to support us left in a flat they did the George Bush
back now everything's cool just as Kerry had planned his vote of popularity begins to expand
there's really no trick you just tell the truth and keep crushing the president with
medical reviews they're doing the George Bush back his past they really tried
it's catching on in a flat they're doing the George Bush
I'm dying out of here bye bye bye
