I'm fine, I'm fine, drive here!
What did you hear about the Muslims and what they've done?
They said fire did some churches, they shot and killed the nun
They say they're not really violent, they say they're not really mean
Almost Muslims are men and benefits you
All right, then it did succeed, you failed
What did you say?
It made those Muslims all angry and act that way
Maybe it's because he's from Germany
All my guys, I used to choose a little Nazis
Then it sticks to you, absolutely
Now they're protesting in cash real, they're all going insane
It's the Prophet Muhammad, they say they both be vain
Are you sure?
All over the Middle East, they're burning up with you
Almost Muslims are men and benefits you
Almost Muslims are men and benefits you
Excellent idea, let all of the religious sketchbees kill each other
I've been saying it a long time, leave all the good stuff for the rest of us
What do you think?
That's all I could play it
Anyways, 10-0-2-5-60WD-3M, it's Wednesday, September 20
Our sales department is in total disarray, poor Hank
I don't mean bad Hank, I think the sales guy
I feel bad for him and also the other 75 new people back there
Because obviously nobody's excluded from their Ding Dong meetings to explain them how things work
And so it's left for a cranky old kneel and probably some other people to get all bent out of shape
And what's going on with this and what are you doing with my...
No, other people don't care about copy
Oh, well then what's all my worried about?
I don't know, I'm not
As of today, I don't care
Especially after what the Duff Maistre told me this morning
Too fair, I mean he's just, you know, starting out like a house on fire and not just deep down to the ashes, ashes
Speaking of ashes, what you tell you about this guy?
Of course, these kinds of stories can only be in Florida
I don't know if they can be in elsewhere but they generally seem to be in Florida
Yeah, Palmetto, Florida, I'm sure the Josh knows where there is, not far from where he used to live
Okay, you know where Palmetto is?
I've never been there, I mean I know where it is
Jesus God, when you were a branded man, do they keep you in a basement somewhere?
Where are there no basements in Florida?
Yeah, I was all over the place in Florida
Don't sound like it to me, Mark Georgio figured a 50-foot wall fall was worth 20 bucks
Georgio 47 was counting his money Monday while walking across the US 41 Bridge over the Manatee River
When a $20 build was out of his hand and flew over the rail, okay, hit when that happens?
Yeah, a lot
He followed and plummeted 50 feet into the river
Then he swam about a hundred yards to fish the bill out of the water, got it
I got my money back, hell yeah, Georgio told the service owner, he'll tribune
You didn't say that right, hell yeah
20 bucks is a lot of money when you're broke
Hey, the guy that was the winner on a wheel of torture last night
He was one of the biggest yahos I have ever seen him run in one of 52 grand
And he had a wife, you know, wow, he was just, man
Anyway, this guy, he said 20 bucks is a lot of money when you're broke
He was fished from the water by the passing Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission officer
Georgio said he was already suffering from a broken collarbone
Refused treatments for constant scrapes he suffered in the fall, he got his 20
And he's going straight into the liquor store, no doubt
And you think I would have liked it
Oh, I'm going to have to do a big joycer in a minute too
I know what I'm talking about it though, yeah
I just, I'm a son of a guy in Sparta, I don't know what I was
I think when I started talking about the sales department
But I don't want to get into it too heavily and here's proof of the matter
You don't want to talk too much about that
And here's a story from up north of the borders matter of fact
The chairman of the publicly funded CBC, the Canadian Broadcasting Corps, has resigned
After remarks about bestiality and rumenations about defecation
Huh?
Canadian Heritage Minister Bev Oda said yesterday, Bev Odeus?
Guy fornier created an upper and candidate as lesbianese community
And in the media when he claimed that Lebanon allowed men to have sexual relations with female animals
But reserved the death penalty for those who did so with male animals
Well, that's not right
In comments made in May and replayed in a CBC weekend interview
He talked at length about the joys of vowel movements
He said, well what's wrong with that?
His increasing loss of confidence of candidates
If my mom was still around she could come and vouch for him, too bad she's dead
He has increasingly lost the confidence of candidates
New government Oda told her how to commons
I informed this house that I've received the volunteer resignation of Mr. Furnier effective today
There's the scuffy staggy CBC, now the stuff he's the BBC but nevertheless
And the chairman has to resign
There is a CBC
See there's this four Canadian soldiers in Afghanistan which are dying like flies
And that's because Stephen Harper is a hard ass, he wants to be George Bush Jr.
And he's doing a pretty good job but who's a matter of fact?
A lot of dead to Canadian soldiers
What are they'll clear for landing here?
Yeah, they'll say whether or not
No one asked a damage found from the floating debris, they got three things floating around over there
I think that they're space beings
Beans?
Beans
What are they?
I think they're creatures from another planet
Uranus maybe
Creatures from Uranus, in fact we've got from the CBC could identify them
Maybe they're asked to roll
Have expertise in that area
But nevertheless
Here's our poll we took yesterday, yesterday's poll we had 1685 votes
Let's see today we might have a thousand already, let's see 938
This is amazing and I can leave when we get to a thousand
Yeah, yeah, do that
939
Most religious people are full of and then we give you five choices here
Schmidt, 106, over a thousand people, almost 60% said
Religious people are full of Schmidt
You're gonna burn in hell, man
I'll be right there with you
Hate, they're full of hate, 400 and 7, 24.1%
No
Now there's the space crew, they're still alive on a shuttle
They're all smiling, laughing and wondering what's that crap about, they're floating around
Are we gonna die?
It's grievous
I hate this, it's grievous
I hate this poll 123, 7.2%
Well, your mama
So, Sox and Hill
Kindness, 107, they're full of kindness and love 42
So between kindness and love, that's less than 9%
So it's not a ringing endorsement, but then you never get a ringing religion endorsement
From this key to the crowd that we got and thank the Lord for them
Thank God
Thank God
Right
Got some very good news before we get to the days poll
Eric's already got tomorrow's poll, make sure he knows that that already facts it to you
Hey Eric
Yeah, Eric, and not that we need to honor you yet, but I just factored to you
And I already facts to Josh most of his stories for tomorrow
Aren't you excited about that?
No, because I know there's more coming
How do you know that?
What a heartache, man
You always say that to crud, like I got that kind of sexually transmitted to you
I got the crud, not a STD, but I got the crud
Not like I had, man
Oh, I had it pretty bad
I had it real bad
Let's have a comparative fetching session
Let's do that, I had the flu
Oh, 24 hour flu though, I think
Well, I had bronchitis in my head
And I had an order of salt
You had, well, you win then
Okay
No, I had the chills, no, I don't know which is worse, I had the chills, I had fever, 101
Every bone in my body, it fits the 24 hour flu
And I spent a lot of time on the throne, which the good news is I'm down to 190 again
And that good?
That's that cool
Now it really is good for me to be down to 190 again, which now gives me the impetus to give me what it is
As long as I got to 190 from being sick, I might as well just keep for now eating
So that's why it's good that it's WWV, you know what that is
Wood by Wednesday
Oh, there's off Medina jobs
You know
But I mean, but I moved, but I'm up
I've been just standing up on his ass
Okay, it's a little midgic, you know
And when he did the egg, he was buying windmill
He didn't open his eyes, he either, he's squinting or he just sits there with his eyes closed
Like, you know, maybe he's blind
He didn't want to look at Brian Williams because of that funny shape of his head
And of course Brian's probably thinking, you think, I look funny, go look at a mirrorishmuck
You know, kind of like that
I'll tell you who's really bizarre
Oh man, she was on last night
I'm trying to think of where the hell I had around one of the talking head shows Laura Ingraham, that right wing bitch
She makes the encoder seem like Ted Kennedy, that's how right wing she is
She just on, on Nazi-E, she's like Eva Brown, Jr
You know who she is Laura Ingraham?
The Googler that blonde hid it, oh you know who she is, she's got that strange shaped head and blonde real militant right wing slut
Oh god
You don't know Laura Ingraham?
Probably, that's why I'm looking at it, trying to get some pictures here
Yeah, you were looking for naked pictures probably
I just can't stand that Laura Ingraham
What about Ingraham?
What about her name?
What about her name?
Yeah, she looks like Ann Colter's uglier sister
Exactly, like their clones, they're probably doing something together, a couple of dikes
Anyways, speaking of the fangs, you'll be pleased to know I already told you this
I got the big Chris Dannen, a Zola full headshot
Excuse me
Well, that's the, from the poster from Tristan and Zola
Which Josh saw that and he told us save our money, don't see it
Oh, it's a piece of dirt
Yeah, but he ain't, Stephen Josh knew I'd like him
20 years old and he's Jewish though
Yeah, he'll just watch the torso count on that movie
I've seen him, well the one picture you sent was excellent, Primo
And then the other one, he looked like a screamer
He looked absolutely...
Baaaayyyyany!
But it was the pose, it wasn't because of the red, it was that pose
He was posing like a real photographer with his responsible shirt
No, it was whatever that movie was, which I forget what the hell they're with
And the movie, it's also co-starred, the chick that he supposedly was seeing or whatever the thing said
He was seeing her, he was dating her, he was like having lunch with her but from a distance
Who knows and who cares, you know, all these big celebrities, just like this stern business now
You know, I guess, I guess his publicity machine has been running kind of dry for several months now
So even my main man, their Keith Overman, they kept teasing it all night long
And the last story I'm counting on, which I'm sure you watched not
It was the thing, the rumor that you were post-ordered the other day about stern is coming back to terrestrial radio
Well the one thing that is interesting is that he's lost 79% of his listeners
Since going to Syrias and they are serious about that
Yeah
And at Syrias and XM are both off tourists, they got some, you know, big names on both of them
But they're just not making them bucks because they're...
A startup cost was phenomenal and with their paying some of these talents and not so talented people is phenomenal
And the partridge in a pair of three
So don't you think he needs some more publicity now Howard?
Because you know, it must be after all the... since his ego is obviously so important to him, you know
When you've lost 80% of your audience, it must mean something, wouldn't you think?
I don't know, I'd be sad to start with the money if it were me
Yeah, that's what I'm thinking, you know, just give me the money I don't care about ego at this point
Just like on this station, you know, who can have an ego when you're working here?
958 hosts on that poll and boy, it's a good one
The biggest name, so best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the ideal Roger
I voted for you
Radio 560, you're a...
The ideal...
Roger, what's the problem up there?
Roger, he's in confirm, we lost our nuts and bolts up here
We're...
Roger, that... you guys know what you're doing up there
Well, to be honest, when he was sitting there, I'm not gonna bomb that
They lost a full blast smile and fight
I'm for crying out loud
We gotta say, because that is them
Houston, we have a problem, so that's all I have to say about that
I'm supposed to be high, high, high
It's kind of joining us, dude
Thank you
Thank you, might be able to send someone up here to help us
Roger, stay station, negative on that
I've never heard such dogs, nothing alive
This is not funny, it's totally unprofessional
There's nuts and bolts in space
You, Aaron, you're of that idiot
Such an expert, a head of light
Space station, I'm not sure exactly what you want us to do
We're not sure what to do up here
I think it's gonna be a long time
To last say space, it's worth one tax time
While I send a mechanic, I can bring them home
Oh, no, no, no
That's a rocket man
I am very professional
Rocket man, swimming up in this way up there
Morning, morning
Come on, this is a rocket science here
Thank you fellow astronauts there
I think what you're doing is really important
Thanks for taking my phone's gone
Now get back to work, that shit
Oh, he is a space cadet, eh?
It's an 18 at 560
How come they didn't put him and Cheney and Rumsfeld on it
To the space of the other way?
Maybe those are the three things floating in our space
We're gonna be home
989 votes on the pool
I better read what the pool is
Because if we got to 1000 before ever read it first
I know it would be embarrassing
Why?
I don't know
Because there's nothing to shoot for, you know like Cheney said
What currency and this is not my pool?
Who the hell did send this one?
A list of...
A list of...
Thank you so much
What currency will he get to bother you the most?
And of course he put my name at the top of the list
And being lazy, I left it there
And I voted for me
I voted for you too
Well, isn't that sweet?
I mean 523 people voted for me?
God forbid if I die, because what all happens in the show then?
Then you got Georgian Josh
Yeah, then we got a shot
Starting now
523 for yours truly
Bill Clinton, 191, why sure beat him handling?
And that's quite a compliment
Well I hand it all to you 56
Dan Moreno, 44, 44
Wow, who the hell was number 44?
Lee Roy Kelly was 44
Who's another 44, Josh?
Tom Rathman
How about Henry Ehrand?
There you go
Well, the running back here
Lee Roy Kelly was a great running back for the Browns
George W. Bush, 28
He's running back to Texas
And we'll help him
Tom Brady, 21
You go Tommy
I put him on there by the way
That was not an original poll
I put him on there
He's got 21 votes
A lot of other Queen people out there
Left Tom Brady
Alan Aldo, 16
Al Pacino, 15
Robert De Niro, 15
Don Shula, 13
You know, I should have put on here his James, what's his name?
Franco
Because God Almighty
I just discovered him
I sure hit him from the croak before I found out what it was all about
You know
Oh, I didn't I discovered more about him in one day than you knew in a lifetime
He was Jewish
He was certain respect
He was in Tristan
Well, you know he was in Tristan
And he sold a Howdy Niro about that?
I was on IMDB when you
Yesterday when you had me do that research
Oh, and those pictures
We were researching it?
Yeah
Alan Aldo, 16
He was on with Chris Matthews on Hardwood Talk and Politics
Politics with Chris Matthews who can't speak
Boy, he just gets on my nerves so badly
And no matter who he's got on it
Oh, you're great, come back
You're great, you're great, you're great, come back
Yeah
Get out of here
Go kiss somebody else's ass, Chris
Get off the ear
Al Pacino, 15
You're 50
That's kind of interesting
Because I think of the two of us, because of the Godfather I guess
I always think of those two together
Why is that?
Oh
Shula 13, it shoes my through the brain stem
Don Shula 13
Carol Brad 12
Hillary Clinton 10, JLo 10
Oh, Hillary and JLo together but you didn't have a gay old time
Pope Benedict XVI, 10 votes and I guarantee they were not Muslims
Catherine Harris 7, what do you hear about her plane?
Oh my God
That's the one that's out there by the space shuttle
That's what they say they see it out in the space
It's Catherine Harris and the two people that we're going to vote for
Katie Homes 7, Dandy Culpepper 6
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
In other words what they're trying to say is there's a bunch of people out there
Wish he would die, that's bad
Don't be just to continue undondond
Dandy, kind of a name is it anyway
Culpepper
Jeno Reno's got four
Now what the hell they got against that nice guy, huh?
She never stole a freight train
Dustin Hoffman 2 and Tom Cruise 1
Now what do they got against Dustin?
How we could just went to a thousand, a thousand one
Call it all off and to show today we're taking some time off
What do they got against that? Tom Cruise 2 can see he's got only one
That they wish he would croak but Dustin Hoffman only 2?
Yes, that's a good generational thing
Maybe they're just done with him
Why is that?
You ever stole a freight train?
Maybe they think all his good movies are behind him
Well that's true, way in and behind
In fact maybe that's why he and Tom Cruise are together there
Because the only movie they can remember with the two of them was Rainman
You know that he didn't want to make that movie?
He just knocked and I saw him on bio a couple of nights ago
No, he did not want to make that movie
And he had a bitch of it, almost he almost dropped out of the filming
Yeah because he had a difficult time relating to the idiot Savant
So he actually went and talked to some shrinks
And he met with some Savants and Arthur Oscar Levant and whatever
I've actually taken that remember Oscar Levant
Boy, oh boy, that's great
There's somebody out there who's brain is at least older than mine
He may not physically be older but his brain is just stuck in the fifties
Yeah, chicken neck?
Yeah it is
That's some good news, finally there's good news tonight
Speaking of old Farts, his HP countenborg used to say before chicken neck was born
The seminal hard rock hotel in Tassino has agreed to pay nearly $260,000 to that guy
Who was first told that he won and lost because of a computer glitch
Oh it's a bitch winner's a glitch
But the good news is that these guys made good
Nice go on boys, don't do that again
Freddie Howard, 53 of Sunny Oles, Beach was first told he won that amount
Then found out it was all mistaken as you'll recall
We were kind of been wondering silently in the last couple of days
Where was the follow up to this story? Remember I asked you the other day?
Yes, just yesterday
Like the Carpenter's would say only yesterday
Boy, I like that song a lot
I kept that on my iPod, yes you do
And I also have come on little lanes who buy the Velmon's on my iPod
Thanks to George, where do you find that?
I downloaded it from what?
Using lime water
Oh, I pirated it
Arrr, mate
No you did not
He just made him that off
I stole it
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
So, him
Hard rock CEO Jim Allen is told Howard in his attorney
The casino hired an independent outside agency to examine Howard's claim that he won
And they swipe and win progressive jackpot computer system August 29
Maybe I'll win a quarter of a million wood buying this chapter, what do you think?
No
A quarter?
Just a quarter part
If the independent computer analysis declared that Howard did win
Allen has said he personally would sign the check
After swiping his players club card in a swipe and win kiosk
He saw words on the screen indicating he was a winner
Where you know all of this?
They were to win that cardboard check
Fifteen hours later they said oh the computer was a glitch
It was all a mistake
But hard rock official yesterday said they'll pay Howard the full amount of his winnings
And nice going, it's about time it was talking good news
God gets a good break, okay?
So they put him through a little bit of, you know
But you go through a two for 260 grand, right?
Damn straight, a couple of days of psychosis
They think so
Oh there was that, that's the new guy co-1 with what's his name from Fish and Impossible?
What's his name?
Oh come on, Jim from Mission Impossible
I don't know Jim
From Airplane, the hell you don't create a duet bar?
No, not Korean map duels, you barg, get out of here
The one that he was asking you like to take showers making with guys
What that was his name?
Peter Graves
How did you get Peter Graves right?
Jesus, would you get it?
Man, Peter Graves, you haven't seen that guy co-spot?
It's kind of weird
Not that one yet
He's kind of repreasing that rule from Airplane, I think
A little bit talking about putting on Tangerine lick gloss
And felt like a real woman or something like that
It's okay, but not in the same category with the other ones
So you ever see a girl in the end naked?
Really?
Let's say you put the...
Get out of here like I had something to do with it
Go ahead, take credit for it
Somebody faxes it and says that I'm responsible if they get out of here
Only, only I wish
I only wish I was responsible for you know
And 20% I think you deserve 50
Okay, I'll take 50 bucks
1024 votes on the poll, my work is done
26 past 10, let me concentrate on James Rocco now
Interesting that we keep finding all these new interesting people
And new interesting movies, two as a matter of fact
For the hell's James Rocco
What I call him?
Rocco
Oh Rocco
He's got a lot of friends, oh Rocco
It's great, but Franco Rocco
Maybe you're thinking of Logan
And what's his name?
Something Rocco
Yeah, that's correct and he just as a matter of fact
He just croaked, isn't that right?
That's I think so
Or did I just see him in something else?
You know who I am, no
I'm Moe Green
Oh
I made my phone when you were going out here
No, we didn't croak, we were talking about the fact he was in that movie
Some movie would...
Was it with James Con?
Besides the Godfather
Remember that?
Yeah, but I forget what it was
Oh, well you could Google it, I mean you know
I could
What is his name?
That sounds like effort
27 past 10 at 560 WQM
You're somewhat in coherence station for the new millennium
We just...
We look like that
We want to be more like the America, you know?
More like our government
Just like that
Just like...
Have you ever felt that the moment you pay for something is the moment the store stops carrying?
Dialometrics is that they're very best after you make your purchase, you buy that great new mattress
I've been doing it for years and trust me when I tell you they are the best
Call dialometrics at 1-800-MACRUS
Give factory direct prices lower than the chain stores
And dialometrics also offer you 12 month financing
And the lowest prices on the best brands go in whether you like Celia or Certa, King, Coral, Simmons, Temperpena, Costurns and Foshto
And you would like it they got it
And dialometrics has got that on matchable delivery deal too
99.7% of the time they're on time
And when you want them to be
Because you pick the date and time you want any day, seven days a week from 8 in the A and until 10 p.m.
And they show up like 2-4, 145-345 etc.
Even the same day you call
In other words, if you call right now you can be sleeping like a baby tonight
After care is one of the major reasons why dialometrics continues to be in his book
Rank number one for years in customer satisfaction
Instead of wasting all your time in effort and gas and still cost an armored leg
Just to sit there on your ass instead of wasting that gas and call 1-800-MACRUS
1-800-MATTR-ES leave off the last as because it stands for Stupendous Sensational Savings
The biggest name of this talent is the business wheel rocket
Force Radio 560-U-A-M
This fall on CBS
From the producer of Big Brother
It's Big Mother
It's your mama
Don't look at me like that
She's the better shadow with 15 per
Crack your head right open
I don't think so big mother
I ain't playing with you
Left your face right off
Ripple game again
1032 is what you find out about Raco
Oh, nothing
Oh, well nice work
Thank you
Three more objects found outside the space shuttle
Do we even want to talk about that?
No, no, no
There's a bunch of crap floating around there and there were edits from the shuttle itself
And maybe some of them
When they tested those
What are the landing rockets?
Okay
They before yesterday they tested them on night before last
And then they were afraid that they from the good vibrations or the bad vibrations
They might have shaken off like you know maybe a few tiles or something like that
Remember last time that happened
They fired their thrusters and it shook something up
That's right
It blew something out
So they're thinking maybe they might have to go back to the
Well, I don't know they're still sand that they're going to land tomorrow
Whether they want to or not
European scientists voice shock as they showed pictures which showed Arctic ice cover
Had disappeared so much last month
That a ship could sail itself unhated from Europe's most
Nurtally outpost in the North Pole itself
How do you like that?
How about that?
We're going to drown man
Well, no, not me
You and the U people in Florida are all going to be drowning soon
Like I'd say by six
The satellite images were acquired from August 23 to five by instruments aboard
InfaSat and EOS Aqua two satellites operated by the European Space Agency
Perennial sea ice thick ice that is normally present year round and is not affected by the Arctic summer
Had disappeared over an area bigger than the British Isles ESA said
Vast patches of ice-free sea stretched north of Sparrow Bard
And archipelago alignment way between Norway and the North Pole
I think that's the first time since I left high school I ever said the word archipelago
And you excited?
Yeah, and extended equal to the Russian Arctic all the way to the North Pole
Alex Waco
Alex Waco is he still alive?
He's not?
I'll be checking now
Oh, the situation is unlike anything observed in previous record low ice seasons
Said Mark Drinkwater of ESA's oceans slash ice-free
Mark Drinkwater
What the odd that that's your name?
I'm sure I didn't get the job just because of an oceanography
Right
It's highly imaginable that a ship could have passed from Spitzenberg or Spitzberg
And excuse me, Spitzberg or Northern Siberia through what is normally packed ice to reach the North Pole without defuulity
Spitzberg is one of these Sparrow Bard islands which are in the region
Drinkwater additive
This anomaly continues the Northeast passage or Northern Sea route between Europe and Asia will be open over long intervals with time
And it's conceivable we might see attempts at sailing around the world directly across the summer Arctic ocean with the next 10 to 20 years
Oh God, hopefully I'll be dead by then
Good God
Oh, everybody's gonna be drowning and they're, oh, how come we didn't listen to how come Bush was such a crook and how come they lied to us?
Yeah, well, he'll be dead too, you know, alitrocco is not yes, not dead.
I told you they hit him with five shots and he's still alive
143 votes he was very good for everybody in the movie was very good
Unlike Godfather 3 where most of the people were very bad but in Godfather's 1 and 2 everybody was very good
Can you name me one person who was a bad actor in Godfather 1 or 2? I can't think of any
No, thank you. No
No
Well green was great. It was great. I was here right now
How come it wasn't Tessio that slept with the fishes wasn't he in fish that would have been appropriate yeah
Yeah, but they weren't the pressure. I mean, you know he knew a little bit he was no patty Traewski
No
So what are you laughing about in this either world doesn't we've all run Josh's a taste in movies okay?
I hate to break the news to you. He likes the Godfather
No, you didn't like network though patty Traewski was a network and the hospital would judge you Scott
Don't don't want to ask Josh. It's also a little bit slow and it's a great movie and everybody should be forced to watch it
But you wouldn't like I'll read the plot that I don't know if you'd like that movie with the Sigourney Weaver
What the hell would I say that it was your high G.
Oh
Sent
Sent to the world and now you said Susan surrender what did I just say Sigourney the Green was she looks just like Sigourney Weaver and I'm
On that the first place right and she was very good about the woman with the seven sons and one son is gonna
They don't know whether he got blown up in there black and the least yeah, and it's pretty good
But I don't watch it so many movies and so little time you know, I'll stick with the hunger for my Susan strand and fix the hunger the hunger never saw that
David Bowie
Catherine to do look at my wallpaper there. I never look at the wallpaper on my
Oh
Oh
Man he sure is interesting. What's his name again?
Ten turners is the Iraq Wars among histories dumbest when Ted Turner is calling you dumb man. You know you are a moron
Because for Ted Turner to call somebody dumb he just he leaves me limp and evidently from what's in Fonda said wouldn't be the first time.
The US invasion of Iraq was among the dumbest moves of all time that ranks with the Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor and the German invasion of Russia
billionaire philanthropist Ted Turner said yesterday the founder. There's nothing worse than getting a philanthropist
Oh the founder of CNN on a bashed internationalist also defended the right of Iran to have nuclear weapons
Uh-oh and the effectiveness of the United Nations and in a jockey ever mode
Advocated banning men from elective office worldwide in a Reuters newsmaker appearance
Huh alternatively combative and humorous turn us both nine years after his pledge is donate a billion dollars to you and over ten years
And on the same day of course that Bush and Oshmanina job addressed the UN General Assembly a mile away
And yes, we did see Oshmanina job there with his nasty looking sport jacket and no tie with Brian Williams. Yo, why he didn't wear it?
What do you saw?
Mm-hmm Brian asked him why he didn't wear his usual trademark orange jacket with zero jacket
And he said he knew Brian would probably be wearing a suit
So for the special occasion for the interview he he dalled up
Sure, he's like a little old monkey. Why do people on that side of the world feel compelled to wear a suit just because we do?
They don't want to hear left out. Okay. They don't want to look awkward although in his case didn't help.
He is bizarre. Bizarre little creature although that is a pretty good matchup I think between W and Oshmanina John I think it's a match made in hell.
The US invasion of Iraq has caused incalculable damage. It'll take 20 years to overcome if we just act reasonably intelligently.
Teddy said it'll go down in history. It's already being seen in history as one of the dumbest move that was ever made by anybody.
A couple of others that come to mind were the Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor and the German invasion of Russia turned a tool to form it literally broke my heart.
It don't start wars just because you don't like somebody. I wouldn't even start a war with Rupert Murdoch turned a civil war to one time cable network rival.
Often contrary and turn a code of the joke that Bush demanded that Iran abandon any ambitions for nuclear weapons while at the same time hoping to ban all such bombs.
There are sovereign state turners set of Iran. We have 28,000 nukes. Why can't they have 10? We don't say anything about Israel. They've got 100 of them approximately.
Or when you are Pakistan or Russia, I really nobody should have them. You know something. It's really something when I have to start agreeing with Ted Turner.
Wow. It's a sad, sad day in the history of the universe man. When we staff say you know if Ted Turner makes a lot of sense.
And Pat B. Kaden sends that out. Yeah that's right. Who says there should be impeached and Pat B. Kaden is the director.
Look at that who sings lawyers walked out of the court room and they wanted to hear rid of the judge because he said he wasn't a big hit.
That trial is really going almost as well as the war. You know not quite. Almost as well as the war.
I scullin' W really doing it. And 44% of the people say he doing a heck of a job though. Now those numbers are coming back and you know.
See they have to start goosing the polls up a little bit so that when they fix the election returns in November there won't be quite so much suspicion.
19 to 11 at 5. See your buddy Lou Dobbs showed on CNN and he was demonstrating about how you can hack into the die-bold machines and...
How much? How many things you want with him? Do you see that? No.
What do you read about it on the CNN website? Well there's the judge. You know you got a new judge in there. Here come the judge.
Oh it's Let Him Go Libo. All things don't look good for convicting Sodom. Let Him go Susan Libo is in there.
You know sometimes it's the things deep down in the fibers of your carpet that you can't see with naked eye. That's the dangerous stuff.
That's the stuff that makes you sick and use y'all kinds of skilkeys.
In South Florida for 28 years dry concepts has always been and continues to be the very best of dry cleaning your carpets and making them look brand new and also sanitary at the same time of course.
When you dry clean your carpets you really can clean today and retain the night. I know because I've used him for over 21 years in my own homes.
Well when they arrive on a scene no matter how desperate your carpets may look when they leave it looks like you just have brand new laid on the floor.
Carpets stay cleaner longer too when those to get residue left behind and with over 50,000 satisfied customers just about everybody in South Florida the brain knows these guys are the best.
And don't forget dry concepts are also the experts when it comes to water damage restoration.
Keep that in mind right now during hurricane season. Certified technicians get you out of the mold zone in minutes not days and dry concepts can get your home or been in his dry within 24 to 72 hours.
And by the way they like our new sales guy Hank they think he's okay they don't know him well enough yet to top it all off dry concepts has got to stay to the art or you have a rug cleaning plant the only one in all South Florida on site dedicated to keeping your expensive area rug looking brand new.
So do yourself a favor called ride concepts I guarantee if you use them once you never dream about using anybody else again they give you a written guaranteed price up front and then a little rose at the end of the job they stick it's a little rose in your hand and you give them a check and everybody walks away with a big smile on their post.
And they brought in the Palm Beach is called right concepts tool free today and 1 800 248 5071 that's 1 800 248 5071 or log on to dry concepts dot com.
The biggest name of best talent is the raw trust for 205 60.
Now in some addition George the new movie deaths of a president have you seen it I have a saying it's a fictitious movie about the scene the movie about your death.
Do you know what the word fictitious means not really it means not real because you're not dead I know that yeah some people say that your brain dead I simply do not agree.
What's your IQ 300 billion really what's your IQ 13.5 I don't have intelligence that's a problem. Oh we don't have a problem let's ignore it.
So I think we'll be right back.
They got some real tourists in Iraq baby 66 hundred civilians in Iraq died in July and August that's 30 never to 30 300 a month but who's counting right well that shouldn't have attacked us.
And that's just Iraqi civilians not to mention of course the police and the troops and American troops and Brit troops and Aussie troops and all these things not to mention the ones that are dying in Afghanistan like the Canadian troops that are going to die three four day now.
So anyway the Pope is trying to a backtrack like crazy. Oh and you got Eric all whipped up to he's in a friend's he's got the if the Mars poll on there already when you bitch them out before I didn't say anything to the how you didn't I said hey Eric on the air right well and that's all it's a very sensitive you know very emotional guy.
So everybody got that honor for tomorrow so I could actually put tomorrow's poll on there already but I won't that's that's a good assignment for one of you guys I'm know which one will do it Josh.
Josh will do it later on well now you can do it.
What?
Which is like a button just to switch it about five or six o'clock because I'll be out of touch I'll be losing my hand I mean I'm done in a lot of money I'll be out of touch I'll be at a concert.
Who are you going to go see the family values towards and all day rock and roll festival.
The family value this tour.
It's not what you think it is.
Oh that's all about it.
It's rock and roll it ends with cord.
Oh I see well that's a different kind of family value right because that's important to his special yeah.
So anyway Josh can do it I guess around five or six just this you know that before probably not.
Yeah it's no problem.
You can handle it we just click the button and switch the old poll I think I can.
Okay so anyway the Pope is trying to backtrack like crazy because but they you know something I still can't get it right.
You know what he said today he's saying he's deeply sorry for the reaction.
Yeah he's coming he's not sorry he keeps saying the same thing all over again he's he's saying the same thing he doesn't appear.
He's not sorry for saying that because obviously he couldn't say that because he's the one that picked the quote you know he won't
I wrote to speech and of course he is infallible in such matters of course he is but nevertheless he's sorry for the reaction from all these
getskies he said.
That's like somebody stabbing you and say hey I'm sorry you're bleeding and then he said nice head gear which I thought was a real shot.
Look who's talking.
Anyway Gwynne dire in the Minneapolis starch review and says not really all that sorry.
She says on the scale of one to ten Pope and his first attempt at apology was barely a three.
He said nothing but on Saturday Cardinal Tarchesio Bertone told the world the Holy Father is very
Tarchesio what kind of name is that kind of cheese apple.
The Holy Father is very sorry that some passage speech may have some of the offensive to the sense of the ability of Muslim boy.
He had a solid effect.
Yeah he's sorry that it was a sound of defensive not that he said it.
How many he never said it was sorry that he said it right.
That didn't stop the protest that had been building in the Muslim world since the folks of September 12 speech
to an academic audience in Germany so Sunday he tried again from a summer from a summer residence of Castell Gandalfo
south of Rome he said on deeply sorry for the reactions in some countries to a few passages of my address at the
you again sorry for the reactions in some countries right.
So a few passages of my address at the University of Regensburg which were considered offensive to the sensibility of Muslims.
That won't stop the protest because he really isn't sorry for what he said.
He's sorry for the reactions in some countries to his remarks but he implicitly stands by what he said.
So is the Pope really anti-Muslim?
Yes.
After the 9-11 attacks five years ago the Catholic reader then known as Cardinal Ratsinger told Vatican radio
it's important not to attribute simplistically what happened to Islam but then he added that the history of Islam also contains a tendency to violence.
True enough but Christianity has its own history of violence the crusades the Inquisition several other detours from the path of peace and tolerance.
Just before he became Pope last year Benedict declared that Turkey should not be allowed into the European Union because its Islamic culture is incompatible with Europe's Christian culture.
But the real case for the prosecution rests on his invitation to attack in journalist Orianna Falacci to visit him last September.
Falacci who died last week was an atheist and her famous work correspondent and interviewer was decades behind her.
But she carved out a second career as the most extreme anti-Muslim writer in Europe.
Producing two best-selling books since 2002 that vilified Muslims as dirty sub-human to multiply like rats and portraying Islam as an irrational religion that breeds hatred.
Her next-to-last book which presumably inspired the Pope's invitation was The Force of Reason which argued that the West is rational and reasonable, whereas Muslims are not.
And there was the Benedict in Germany last week saying exactly the same thing what a coincidence.
Benedict quoted from the 14th century Byzantine Empire manual the second paleologist who told a person in a visitor that spreading the faith through violence is something unreasonable, God is not pleased by blood.
So far so good but then manualized his Muslim visitor, show me just what Muhammad brought that was new and there you'll find things only evil and inhuman such as his command to spread the sword by the sword the faith he preached.
Benedict quoted that too enough for the comment he ended his speech four and a half pages later by quoting the emperor again.
Not to act reasonably, not to act with logos is contrary to the nature of God.
So manual second according to his Christian understanding of God it is this great logo is what when is logos?
I don't know, you know a logo?
Doctor's fourth team has a logo?
I did.
And it is to this great logo is to this breadth of reason that we invite our logos to invite our partners in the dialogues of culture.
In other words, you Muslims are unreasonable but if you do it our way then we'll finally get somewhere and we don't like your logos.
So now we know that the new Pope is a prokyl and intolerant man but anybody who paid attention to Cartel Raxinger's previous career knew that already.
Now he's in a position to do much more damage.
Pakistan's parliament has unanimously passed a resolution condemning the Pope's speech.
Seven Christian churches in the occupied Palestinian territories have been bombed, set a blazer shot at.
A Catholic nun has been shot to death in Somalia.
Most Muslims are well aware that violence is an inappropriate way to protest accusations that Islam is the violent faith but why do they even care what the Pope says?
The real reason for the uproar is that so many Muslims feel under attack by the West.
Two Muslim countries have been invaded by the U.S. and its allies since 9-11 and another, Lebanon has been bombed to ruins by Israel with full U.S. and British support.
At least 20 times as many Muslims have died in these brutal wars as the number of Americans who died in 9-11 attacks and almost none of them had anything to do with that terrorist atrocity.
So the suspicion grows among Muslims that all this was not really about 9-11 at all and almost any minor insult to Islam from the West is enough to trigger outrage from Morocco to Indonesia.
We haven't achieved a full scale class of civilizations yet but we're really making progress.
Nice going Gwen.
Lums are bastard.
Bigot.
Of course, why should he be indifferent from any of the other ones, right?
Right.
Although he did like the other fat, the Jolly, the fat Pope, the kind of the Joe Bell Pope.
They liked him. He kissed up everybody. Even the Jews a little bit. Even the Isriol a little bit. Not too much.
Come on, Neil. Can't you give a little kissy kissy to the Isriol?
No.
1,093 votes on the pool, baby.
Harena Dubnik writes in the Associated Press.
Oh yeah, this is great.
We saw virtually nothing about this. Maybe I missed it. I didn't see nothing about it.
I still haven't seen anything about it today.
All the protests that we're going on outside the UN yesterday. Did you see anything about it?
Nope.
You see any pictures of it?
Nope.
Oh, there is a dumb-o sitting there in the chair looking...
Oh, no.
Oh, he's meeting with the Palestinian Authority, a president, Abbas.
That's Mahmoud Abbas for the uninitiated. Mahmoud.
I love when the Goa-em tried to pronounce these names without the...
You know, it just...it doesn't have any schmaltz to it, man.
You've got to do the Mahmoud, not Mahmoud.
And that sounds like it sounds illiterate. Mahmoud, baby.
As an affiduleeber.
You can be a good mood.
Or...
Hey, Mahmoud.
Watch your logos, baby.
Google it. See what that means, L.O.G.O.S.
That's a word, Egos.
Maybe that's where Bella Legosi was from.
Thousands of Iraq war protesters marched yesterday to the UN
where President Bush was presenting his vision for the Middle East
to skeptical war leaders and boy, they were skeptical.
They looked at him like, oh my God, are you kidding me?
Marchers chanted, hey, hey, ho-ho, the Bush regime has got to go.
And Hoiston signs that said, bush lies, who dies?
I love that, hey, hey, ho-ho, crap.
That's usually a day.
That's stuff.
So, 100 more demonstra-
Bob Egan Pardon?
So, let's say, declaws.
Oh.
Several hundred more demonstrators rallyed in front of the UN
later, too, they had an opposition to Iranian President Mahmoud
up on the Indian job, who was to speak there.
They also got in two of them on that one.
Mahmoud, Mahmoud, up on the Indian job.
I'm more passionate than ever about the Iraq war because it's
ruined our economy, said Thomas Brinston 63,
a Viet veteran from Dear Park Long Island.
It's killing innocent civilians and the National Guard was deployed
in Iraq and the word here for natural disasters like Hurricane Katrina.
I know I'm not going to play that thing, yeah, I know you want.
Jason, you're on QA.
No, I'm not playing that.
Don't do it.
The anti-war march organized by the group United for Peace and Justice started
in the garment district on the west side and stretched along a dozen blocks
to the UN on the east side where there were speeches.
A contingent of a dozen raging grannies were colorful, handsome dresses.
In fact, here's a picture of an unidentified old lady,
white heralded handcuff in front of the UN during that protest yesterday.
After he had now my thought, the US had learned a lesson said,
Lily and Pollock 91, a retired city schoolteacher,
but Bush was planning this war for two years.
He tried to make it look like it was legitimate, but it backfired.
It blew up in his puts and a lot of other innocent people.
Bush and New York, at the UN General, sent out a want to quote him.
I'll have a needed job to spoke later in the body yesterday,
but it wasn't at the hall yet.
They avoided each other like to play.
Being the real macho guy, did you see when Bush ran into Clinton?
To my above it, I didn't know.
Yeah, they're shaking a hand, these patented monobai.
Yeah, yeah.
You can only imagine what Clinton is thinking.
Every time he looks at him, can you even begin to imagine?
Oh, yeah.
What a goof bump.
The protestor chanted, op-medine job as a terrorist,
and some more sculton costumes and wielded skulls on sticks
to symbolize what they said were the deaths of 120,000 political prisoners in Iran since 1979.
Gabriel Buak, a former judge from Sudan, an elephant in Canada,
was a poster to sign that said, stop Mullah's nukes, UN sanctions now.
Buak sent a fluid in New York to join the protest because Iran and Sudan are allies.
Iran has a totalitarian regime, he said, and the regime at home is an ally of Iran.
Both of you and NUESH should work for a regime change in Iran.
Let's just change the governments of every country we don't like all over the world.
How do you like that?
It's real easy in Iraq.
That would go well.
Regime change.
We're not in that nation building, but we're into regime change.
Not too much an underwear change.
We change the government regime into chaos.
You 111 to Google logo, so I'll do it with the name of the president.
I'll text it to you.
With your fraction.
Yeah, I didn't get it.
I didn't text it to you.
I didn't get it.
Give it a second.
Oh.
We got 111 votes, and it's 1107 as a matter of fact at 1058.
Boy, this is a, I'm telling you, we're off to the races.
You watch.
You watch, you're all mad.
We're going to leave you in the dust.
We're going to leave that said to kid in our weight.
You're going to be sitting shivvy for your numbers.
Next book.
When's the next train coming by?
They don't tell us.
They don't tell us.
Mad Dog 2, we got the power hour with Hank and the Mad Dog together in stereo 4 to 5.
Great idea, Neil.
Thank you.
5 to 635, it's the Humper Solo because another Marlins game, what a blue it again.
33rd time they've blown the lead after the 7th and they lead the majors in that.
They lost 3 to 2 last night against a scrub team of non-starters, including that 80-year-old guy who is playing third base.
What's his name?
Julio Franco.
Julio Franco.
Another half.
Another Franco.
Marlins at the message.
Yeah, I wonder if he's Kim's a Jamie Franco.
Let's find out.
And any K if I was the base volume, I will.
Any's coming into the live spot at 155.
The biggest name.
The best talent to be this is Neil Rogers.
Force Radio 560.
SUA.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your brain.
Go go go go go.
Any questions?
I'm fine.
I'm trying.
Drive here.
Well, did you hear about the Muslims?
And what they've done?
They said fire to some churches.
They shot children on.
They say they're not really violent.
They say they're not really means.
All those Muslims are men and men.
Then it's 60.
Then it did 60.
What could he say?
It makes those Muslims so angry.
And act that way.
Maybe it's because.
He's from Germany.
He ties his shoes and will not see.
He's from Germany.
He's from Germany.
He's from Germany.
He's from Germany.
He's from Germany.
All those Muslims are men and men.
It is 60.
You better watch your logos pop.
Poppy.
So that is how you pronounce it.
Logos.
Yes.
Like that awful logo, the sabers are got on their new uniforms.
Those yellow chickens or buffaloes are wet on them.
Oh my god.
Is that a grotesque thing or what?
Yes.
Anyway, three different definitions.
Let's see philosophy.
And pre-socratic philosophy.
The principle governing the cosmos.
The source of this principle of human reasoning about the cosmos.
Then Judaism, in biblical Judaism, the word of God, which itself has creative power.
And his God's medium of communication with the human race.
He sends down some meat logos.
And then you put them on your Nike's here, Adidas.
And he'll have this to Judaism.
Hypostasis associated with divine wisdom.
Whatever that means.
And Christianity and St. John's Gospel, especially in the prologue,
the creative word of God, which is itself God, and incarnate in Jesus.
Also called word.
Oh, word.
Word.
Word up.
Yo.
Oh, word, my ass.
Oh, that's two words.
It's a big word.
Wow.
So there you go.
That's the logo.
So you better watch your logos, man.
They're going to get all pissed off.
I can't understand why the ragheads are all like.
Have you seen any of the pictures from Afghanistan?
Like what?
Like a yeah.
Of the people.
Oh, yeah.
And they're garb.
Now, one thing I'll say about a rack.
Yes, of course, was under Sodom.
You'll notice that when you see the pictures of these poor shleppers in a rack
who every day fear for their lives, I mean, I get to be their libra, their whole family.
They're generally like, you know, like the teenagers, they were in like shorts and t-shirts.
And they look like, you know, kids you'd see anywhere.
Waster.
The same in lesbian on.
Correct.
But if you look at the people in Afghanistan, your average on run of the mill, honest,
reached schlepper, they're wearing garbs from like the stone age.
Sure.
Who sawed Shako's in way?
Exactly.
All of this crap, man.
All of these things.
Right.
But we're doing a heck of a job over there, especially since Karzai's brother is one of the opium,
one of the award lords, who's one of the big opium guys.
And that I, poppy thing, is going over very big there.
They're really doing a heck of a job.
So all this BS, man, the crap at the media feeds you.
See, that's why Ted Turner ought to be there.
He had my pet on the back.
Nice going, Ted, even for a bozo like you that made all that money.
You got to, you got to, look, he should be an inspiration for anybody, shouldn't he?
Yes, he should.
Because it goes to Shako, you don't have to be a rocket scientist.
All you got to do is have a little mausole and a little initiative.
Sure.
And you can make a fortune.
Look at Oprah for crying out loud.
Is she got any talent?
Oh, and then you know what really cracks me up.
It's now there's a new, and as much as I like Heath over my name, he really has a great show.
And I know he's not programming to me.
They have to have somebody under the age of 100.
But, you know, who cares about the viewer?
Or maybe it was not his show.
Maybe it was, what's his name? Tucker.
Okay.
Mother Tucker.
You're watching Tucker, right?
I'll catch some of it.
Yeah, not because I want to see him, but because MSNBC is the alternative.
Am I going to watch, see, am I going to watch Wolf Blitzkrieg?
Wolf, I'm such a Zionist, Blitzkrieg.
Am I going to watch him?
Of course not.
He's got no credibility on anything, on anything.
And even he's kissy kissing the bush grub because, of course, it's good for Israel.
I mean, he's the most from Zionist, the most fanatic in the world.
Wolf Blitzkrieg.
Where's he from?
Hunger.
But anyway, what was I just about to say?
Something very important about something I saw on Tucker.
Tucker Carlson talking about the view.
About the view.
Now, who do you know any men who watched the view?
No.
And Rosie.
I mean, do we care about Rosie about that cow?
Bulldog.
Who cares about her?
A bunch of it.
Like you say, fat shut-ins.
Those are the people who watched the view.
Owlens becoming wildly popular.
Oh, right.
Uh-huh.
Your mama.
It's just like saying that Barbara Star is not Hank Goldberg.
You know, silly comment like that.
Oh, she was just on it.
But she was gone.
Up there on Afghanistan, there's their snappy dresses.
CNN just said that Neil's wrong.
They're snappy dresses.
And who started Shaco's are up to date.
Love 127 votes on the pool.
That was the great Ahmed Khan.
I wonder if his name was really Ahmed.
I bet it was.
You would expect that Lorraine Hobbes would have said Ahmed.
Huh?
I don't think so.
No black chick would have said Ahmed.
You think?
Never does.
Although it is kind of funny when you're in Germany.
Yeah.
Well, when you're A-Wer in Europe, you know, they're speaking all these languages.
And there are black people speaking German.
But that's a real trip.
Or like in Amsterdam, when you black people are speaking Dutch.
Mm-hmm.
Which also has a lot of very guttable language.
It just, I don't know.
It is bizarre.
It's strange.
It's a culture shock, you know.
They certainly are not speaking Bubanaks.
I'll say to that.
And whatever language they're speaking, they're speaking very articulately.
They belong to a Dutch person.
It sounds like a Bubanaks.
Oh.
Well, that's only the crack guys.
One time, I'm sure that very, in fact, here's another one of those important stories
that we need to spend a lot of time on.
One time, John Bade Ramsey murder suspects John Mark Carr.
And if I can just make this comment, I'm going to say it one time and I'm not going to say it again.
Remember, last week, when they was at Thursday, and I said, this is the last day I've taken calls on the show?
Mm-hmm.
That's the truth.
Okay.
Because one thing I've noticed on here is that since, for example, yesterday, a number of people listening online, it was so phenomenal that it's mind-boggling.
I'm not saying that everybody in the world wants to hear some old fag on here reading news stories and try to educate the public or brainwash them.
But the fact of the matter is, one thing they do not want to hear.
There is no question in my mind. They don't want to hear the same eight or nine people over and over and over and over.
Just talking crap.
Now, maybe, or maybe one in every 200 calls that we take, somebody saying something funny.
Yeah, the things that we move on.
That's the way I look at this business that we, you know, this is the life we have chosen.
And there are different periods we go through, and then we change our logos.
Whatever that means.
Oh, no damage found from the floating debris on the struggle.
Oh, thanks God.
Oh, boy.
So we need another bad accident, you know?
Right.
And have some more dead astronauts. That would be bad.
One time, John Boney Ramsey murder suspect John Mark Car was offered a plea deal to the yesterday and child pornography charges that would free him on probation.
Probe patient.
This is a crazy person.
Uh-huh.
This is a pedophile assistant district attorney, Joanne, although he didn't.
He did till the, uh, the cranky guy.
Right.
Assistant DA Joanne Reese said prosecutors who have three of the five child pornography charges against him.
If he completely guilty onto remaining charges, car 41 were also get credit for time served when we placed on probation for three years.
It would also be required to register as a sex offender.
The French lawyer Robert Anferin said he would discuss the deal with Car, but that, uh, that he still believes his time is innocent.
Anferin said the public has received a false picture of Car whom he described as a southern gentleman with a sense of humor.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha
ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha
ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha
ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha
That's what they're showing on the Yahoo story.
Well, a bunch of Yahoo is behind that. Why do you think they call it Yahoo anyway? I give up. Wow.
I think there's one guy who knows all of it's probably way at the end of all these other ones on here. I'm sure it's on here somewhere. There it is. Your faster than I am.
Well, you see you already knew I was going to go up right looking for that.
Isn't the time you took this dress and worry out a last minute hurricane preparation and we still are right in the middle.
It's only the middle of September long way to go until the middle of November when hurricane season ends.
Well, the hurricane shut-off outlet manufacturers easy to use accordion shutters. You ought to have them.
And they now provide expert installation to for you. Call them at 9.5.4. 2.37.7083. They feature rule-downs, accordions, panels too.
Just let the hurricane shut-off outlet custom-maker even install shutters for you.
You don't want to be going to an entire hurricane season without protection. Believe you me.
Call 9.5.4. 2.37.7083. Right now get on your way to top notch protection. It's the hurricane shut-off outlet family owned and operated.
They're lessened and shared and dayed route and Palm Beach County approved too. They stock all sizes of clear polycarbonate hurricane panels and aluminum panels cut to your specifications already for pickup or delivery or installation as well.
The public and all contractors are welcome major credit cards accepted. Tell them at Nielsencher or totally to call and you'll get yourself a hundred dollar savings of a minimum order of 350 square feet.
The hurricane shut-off outlet protection you need all year round itself. Call 9.5.4. 2.37.7083. Run a wicked web just log on to hurricaneshutteroutlet.com.
The biggest name of the best telegosis wheel Rogers for 205.60.
The hurricane shut-off outlet family owned and operated.
The hurricane shut-off outlet family owned and operated.
The hurricane shut-off outlet family owned and operated.
A strange associated press article about presidential scribblings makes a bizarre reference to a JFK doodle in which he seemingly predicted a 9.11 conspiracy 40 years before it happened.
The president was known for separating his life into compartments with enclosed words and numbers inside circles and boxes.
Even long after his death give one doodle an unintended chill. I see it says events that's my bad reading.
Events long after his death give one doodle unintended chill. A small circle with a number 9.11 contained within.
Just to the lower left on the page the word conspiracy is underlined. The doodle is part of a new book presidential doodles which analyzes the jottings of eight commanders in chief.
What kind of astronomical coincidence could CJFK himself a target of conspiracy accurately forecast a major world event decades before it happened.
Is this some kind of an inside joke or is it a hat tip to the 9.11 truth movement? One thing for sure it says it's weird to do.
George W. Bush's most infamous note today came during a week seen this before we actually they have a picture of it over a shoulder where he's written I think I need a bathroom break question mark is this question?
Bush's most infamous note today came during a UN Security Council meeting September 14 last year when he asked condolese if he could begin permission to take a turlid break.
Reuters carried a photo of the message above and later had to clarify its reason for running the shot on its photo wire many new con blow hard based on basically your huge orders of photoshopping the image focusing on why the photo was carried in taking attention away from the importance of what it said.
The message perfectly illustrated the fact that Bush is a figurehead and a puppet who controls absolutely nothing has to ask special his handler simply to leave the room.
He's like that and here's what you have it says in the Lebanon he shows his other. Oh yeah well there's been a thaw in the mountains.
I'm trying to think about starting interesting people in Caracas I wasn't really long enough to absorb and all I knew it was like so crowded you felt like a hot coach in a tin cup.
Wow it was wild. Should have picked you up one of the Panama hats while you were down there. Yeah right although there were like I told you in the lobby of the I don't sure when Caracas so tell a real
lot of these guys look like some out of the 50s look like some of the people characters you see at runway 84 sure you should have picked yourself up a nice white sport coat and a pink carnation.
Why not and maybe go ahead and dinner with Marty Robbins or Tim Robbins.
165 votes on the pool boy they're sure sucking around me all of a sudden maybe they think I'm on the way out maybe I'm going to I'm like dying.
I'm dying over here. I actually feel pretty good today not that doesn't mean I'm coming back tomorrow necessarily I could have a relapse in the morning.
By the way that was that was quite a way that they brought Hank in there and had him fall on the sword all we wanted was to answer the piece of copy that's all didn't have to make a major project out of it but one thing about that operation regardless of who's at the helm it's always a question who's going to be the scapegoat who's going to take the fall remember those days and go remember the OJ golf tournament for example.
Who's going to be the scapegoat who's going to screw ads around telling this one or you're going to have to take the fall for the next day all this other crap like a bunch of little children man.
I don't want to hear Billy Jay cream or all the way do like that song but I do like to bell months a lot better and I like James what's his name Rocco whatever is name shorts shorts even better and all of that so I don't need to worry about what is the name so I got to just click that and there's that wall paper again look at that and there he is he's there's a word for that there are some people that are like no I don't mean beside that I'm just talking there some people that are striking looking I mean I'm like chavez he like oh so he has.
Like somebody striking him as you lose your lunch and yesterday's dinner that you can strike him but there are some people are just very striking looking which you're thinking there it's got some kind of a kind of connotation let's see what's so the current celebrity's death would bother you the most neo-rodger 626 and I certainly voted for me and George did too because he needs the money he needs to keep the old man alive at least now the couple of years.
Bill Clinton to 18 Muhammad Ali 62 and I see Josh probably voted for like Alan Alder though I voted for you I told you that yeah or did you yeah I missed it I was I was busy hearing you're fetching about how secure hey listen it's no fun being sick on you people out there sitting there thinking I you know quit your is no fun being sick whether you're young punk or an old fart the only thing is when you're old fart see when you're young in your sick it's like well this is you know something we got to go through you know when you're old and you get something you think oh this is the end my friend you know what I'm saying I'm not going to go through you know I'm not going to go through you know when you're old and you get something you think oh this is the end my friend you know what I'm saying I'm not going to go through you know I'm not going to go through you know I'm not going to go through you know I'm not going to go through you know I'm not going to
I mean what do you mean although I've had the flu often enough especially that 24 hour variety you know immediately well we start getting the chills and little fever like oh and you air you when you walk you feel like every step you bet about a thousand pounds on your back you know
Bill Clinton to 18 Muhammad Ali 62 Dan Morino 51 we've sure miss a lot of spots I'll say that George W 40 Tom Brady 24 Robert the 017 Al Pacino 16 Alan Alder 16 why the hell did he get on there who cares about Alan Alder
Don Shula 15 J.O. 13 and of course as the numbers go down it's the least they care about them
Hillary Hillary Clinton 12 they're not too fond of that bitch I mean that Carol Burnett 12 put them into the 16 only a dozen and like I said you can be sure they're all goyem
Catherine Harris 9 Katie Holmes 9 Doddy call pepper 8 and believe me if they lose again this week it'll be down to a minus
General Reno 7 Tommy Cruz 3 and Dustin Hoffman only 2 die already is what they're saying how do you like that die die a new can you believe that I believe it
I see if he'd have put Paul Simon on there he wouldn't have got he'd have gotten a lot of votes they'd be upset if he died but Dustin Hoffman
and plus you know what else he's got going against him ugly yeah right oh yeah
are we out of sight out of mind they don't know from Dustin Hoffman right I can't imagine what he's done lately that I mean I'm sure
he's done something but I just can't take away we don't know about it didn't make any big impact well probably the last
thing he did was I'm guessing is that meet the fuckers movies that's right meet the why say it again fuckers
fuckers oh and that was what's his name didn't always in there too when they right I don't see it in my room
I still are who you are one two or five not gonna see it so anyway what's his name again James Franco you know is there any
movie that he made that actually is worth my going out and getting or you don't know spider-man to I'm not into spider-man it's
and I don't know I'm good at it's been on my cable parts one and two a million times he's probably it it and it's good it's
prominent yeah well look for it the biggest name so best to know I thought it is this wheel Rogers 4th radio 560
you a m
you God knew on box it's the liberty duet your favorite stickers on stage together with a hot ass
select from Hollywood this week it's gladdest thing and a very creepy John car I'm not much of a singer but a
crack total with the great band maybe kiss it all over how much I love it also here the sweet
sounds of Michael Bolton and the lovely Paris Hilton you want me to think like live I don't think it's the
all-new celebrity duets next week to hear Barbara Streisand sing with Mel Gibson and keep it rap with vanilla ice
I can't wait for that not let's see here's what I says please add Willie Nelson to the pool okay that's only
cuz you got caught in shrooms and I thought that's right how much was it like four million pounds of
pot something like that really Nelson probably in the slammer you got him on there what do you do you
was zooming up there we like really now seems all right there so we're free train on the road again all right great
singer not here's a fact that says the set of the right classes is the title of a 95 documentary film
directed written by Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Freeman and you'll be amazed but I seen it and you know
where I seen it I have to be in a film channel well I have to show his all especially if it's
a gay you know or like your opinion or anything like that mm-hmm not commercial stuff watch I
have seen much maybe I didn't even your cable sure I had that yeah thank God for that I learned
that's something there's I have see the ultimate weapons on now I sure if they don't see any words all
the notice more and more not on IFC but there are many like Bravo and a lot of other channels even
on cable now they're bleeping stuff out words out like on a and e yeah that is a disturbing to me it
goes to show you how far censorship is coming America and how we can lean the American public is
laid back whatever the government the dishes out man they just suck it up anyway the film is
based on the 81 book of the same name the cellular closet written and by Vito Russo and on
previous lecture with film clip presentation 72 to 82 given by Russo and who research the history
of how motion pictures especially Hollywood films and portrayed gay lesbian bisexual and
transgendered characters it was given limited release and select theaters in 96 and it was on the
IFC trust me the documentary interviews various men and women connected to the Hollywood industry to
comment on various film clips and their own personal experiences with a treatment of LGBT characters
in film from the CISI characters to the censorship of the Hollywood production code the coded gay characters
and cruel stereotypes to the progress made in the early 1990s I have one thing to say that this
facts are by the way you're fair but nevertheless now it's pretty good said it or closet I think I've
also read the book and I see the flick on independent film channel IFC which you've seen non-plus that's
okay it's not not for you what I see I watch it I can't see what James Russo it's not for you okay
for me you can have it okay thank you oh weekly now the only reason this really pisses me off even
though we can't stand her any civilized people and Nicole in the first place unless you're an idiot
but she sold the picture she sold the rights and to the pictures the last pictures of her kid sitting
in the chair in a hospital room before he died for $650,000 to two tablets one of them being in
touch weekly I forget what the other one was that's a pretty good deal this was like days after he
died right there's only been done a couple of weeks well she's a cold-hearted money-grubbing bitch bitch
I mean with no shame whatsoever you know I mean it has positively no shame I can't stand that
I didn't eat braille Nicole's sister sold the topless picture of Nicole to the tabloids for who
another one yeah another slut bitch and in the cold-smits 20 year old son had been taking a common
anti-depressant and a sleeping pill and the combination of the two could have been behind his death
in touch has learned exclusively breaking news it says on their website breaking news breaking
balls Daniel Smith had prescriptions for both the insomnia drug ambion and the anti-depressant
lexapro for two months and to build up over the waist could have been just too much for his body to
handle pharmacist Jennifer at the tells in touch a cocktail that two drugs can be fatal there are
cases where people have died in it as she says you know and it's really interesting they've
brought in Dr. Cyril Wecht and had him do another autopsy and when they talk about Cyril Wecht they
say oh he's so famous because he did the autopsy on Elvis and forget who the other one is that
they mentioned and they never mentioned he was one of the he became famous because he was
consulted on the JFK assassination okay that's when he became famous but then it could only old
parts like me would know that Dr. Cyril Wecht the pathologist brought in by Anna Nicole
and of course he was also in the OJ trial to conduct a second autopsy said Daniel's depression
had to do with a girlfriend Daniel died September 10th after flying to the Bahamas were Anna
Nicole 38 had just given birth to a girl she named Hannah Rose her son had been in the
hospital for a month before his sudden death this is this is like a previous story they had
David Giancola director of Anna Nicole's movie Illegal Aliens said Daniel Smith 20 have been
in intensive care for an elevated heart rate see how come we're just hearing about this now
either he was in the hospital her two or three days says Giancola became close to both Anna
and Cola Daniel who was an apprentice on the movie he was really sick he lost something like
28 pounds and at a constant stomach ache according to Giancola Daniel had seemed to have recovered
who were still not fully fit when he flew to the Bahamas to be with his mother after she gave birth
that little girl September 7th he died three days later see that so maybe it was the combination
of the drugs or maybe he was like poisoned or something who now knows what oh maybe it's
some spinotid baby maybe he had like a big helping a b coli you think it's possible look at
the applause he got chavez is getting that's the best running television what happened
to him he did well look at that the whole assembly there he says imperialist he is streamers
everywhere he rip bush and ask ugo chavez ugo chavez oh don't tell me this is a Tony Harris that
vaulted a geek oh man do I hate him dog tops in your favorite rights do I have time for this before
the break or not I'll make time how's that see one thing I've decided I'm really being an old
fart like I am and who knows I could quote tomorrow I might live to 100 who knows but I'm doing
the neorajas show I mean these people can blow it out their ass they did they haven't got a clue
and sent poor Hank in there and you know had him fall in the cross it it was nothing that there
was a big deal about it was just you know I had a question it was legitimate question and what
was done with that thing was was unacceptable and it was ridiculous and the person in
carrots his position can afford to be made to look ridiculous and quite frankly he doesn't need a
lot of help you see him lately clear it looks ridiculous oh look at this and he's holding up no
um chomsky's book he refers to bush as the devil and he's holding up a book by no um chomsky
and a boy you go you go you go how do you like that now I'm gonna do the break and then we'll do
Doug Thompson I he said freedom is just another word for everything to lose got marine dad today
your favorite girlfriend did my big fat pile here today I got piles baby I'm gonna share him with
the world the biggest name so best talent fair is his neorajas sports radio 560 you a
few of them I get paid
alright can you just got paid today that's your teo who used to play like nobody else
neither then anyway but man I still think Jerry Jones is crazy the boys are back to
the boys is going down I could have the boys have back to cry there's no reason down the
you know that church who used to dance a lot every time he got the ends on with a sharp
knee and his side man he thought he was cool but he was really not what it just that
several lowens and that time at the Cowboys place went to your dance on the logo with a disgrace
then Emma ran over and got on his face and now he thinks they won't forget it the boys are back to
clown the boys are going down I said the boys are back to clown there's no reason down the
town I said she knows been hanging round is the ego is you now the boys are back to clown
the boys are back to clown he knows about his adopted the Keynes and Cuba I bet you I bet you
Josh knows about the teo's pinky yeah what about it you got surgery yeah well we're
going to know what was going on with poor teo he's got a little screw I had a Google it's in
fact the headlines said teo gets screwed Palestinian Authority chairman machhmoud Abbas
he had the only reason I'm reading this is because it says machhmoud now I say that
after tomb machhmoud practice saying after tomb a lot because I think in the future you're going to
need to be there's no doubt you understand the struggle to extract of every one and you go
chavez said you can still the smell of sulfur was still in the security council even after Bush had
left did you see that no that was a great quote yeah the smell of sulfur was still in there man
or maybe he just had bad guess maybe it was an egg fart you go Palestinian Authority chairman machhmoud
Abbas will tell president Bush today that proposed Palestinian unity government will recognize
Israel's right to exist and previous agreements between the P. L. O. and Israel P.
uh Palestinian officials told the Jerusalem Post yesterday they didn't tell how are it they
told the Jerusalem Post thousands of Hamas supporters to the streets of Gaza City yesterday
calling on Abbas not to succumb to American dictates regarding the unity government and the work
toward resolving the financial crisis in the P. A. not Pennsylvania the Palestinian Authority president
Abbas will make it clear that the political program of the unity government will clearly refer
to the Arab peace plan that was declared in 2002 and which is based on a two-state solution said
one official he'll also tell Bush the Prime Minister is smile honey up promised that the unity
government would honor all the agreements that were signed with Israel if the U. S. wants to
strengthen president Abbas it must accept the unity government idea because there's no other
alternative another P. A. official told the Post I don't think the Palestinian government will
accept a coup against a democratically elected government so there you go take it or leave it
I think they're having more fun killing innocent people you know
and anyway just just a thought I could be wrong dark Thompson says freedom is just another word
for everything to lose let's sing it he says when he sweep away the hype let's play D. A.
I just want to play in the night still you see who's who's on this no not gonna play it
I don't know what's a drive on it excuse me wrong cut drive on those cuts here
wind it the communities
a 20 smooth back-run
It's a great album. It's yo Frankie beyond George's and like it is too bad
I think it's great, but George did get me come on little angel by the bell months man
I got it in my iTunes now. I'm excited. Yeah, that's easy. That's easy to do it first ever business when I return
From wood buying with my 80 million in winnings tonight is gonna be what?
Put that into my iPods. Slip it in there, baby and this business is about and of course I'm an old fart
So what do I know because I've only had it a few months or whatever but well iPods are pretty obsolete now
What what does that mean who said that? Oh, I keep hearing that you know all these
Techno geeks with it. Oh iPod is obsolete and there are all these new gadgets coming out about him
Yeah, there's lots of gadgets. You find the one you like best. Yeah, I like it
And yeah, it has its imperfection. This got its problems and nothing is flicker nothing is smaller for the storage
Right, I got like 3,500 songs right there already and I still got a lots of room
Any other device in the recent white room in size, huh? Any other device with that much storage would be twice the size right
It's just a little thing. It's I heard when you sweep away the hype
Thompson says the lies in the politics of George W. Bush's so-called war on terror you're left with one
Inescapable conclusion the president of the United States is a war with freedom and Bush's myopic view of the world freedom is
Expendable freedom has no place in a presidency where power is everything and the only opinion can be his as
Bush is already frags on mental state dissolves in front of a nation that's no longer the land of the free
We see more and more evidence of a madman bent on absolute control of a totalitarian state
Where the sent his band independent thought is not allowed and different opinions are not tolerated
The ugly reality is that Bush is the ranged paranoid and mega-lomania
Mega-lomania call maniacal maniacal. Can you say that?
Megalomania obsession with power surface during eyes out of control performance at a press conference last Friday
We declared that any disagreeing with his views are unacceptable
MSNBC's Keith Oberman put it best in a stinging spot on commentary Monday night
And it's got quotes in here from a Keith the president revealed this last Friday
He fairly spat through his teeth words of unrestrained fury directed at the man who was once the very symbol of his administration
Who was once an ambassador from the administration to his critics as he had once been an ambassador from military to its critics
The former secretary of state
Mr. Powell had written simply and candidly and without anger that the world is beginning to doubt the moral basins of our fight against terrorism
This president's response included not merely what is apparently the presidential equivalent of threatening to hold one's breath
But within it contained one particularly chilling phrase Mr. President
former secretary of state colon policies the world is beginning to doubt the moral basins of our fight against terrorism
He's asked by a reporter if a former chairman of the joint chiefs of staff and former secretary of state feels this way
Don't you think that Americans in the rest of the world are beginning to wonder whether you're following a flawed strategy
If there's any comparison between the comparison and decency of the American people and the terrorist tactics of his stream is
It's flawed logic. We're set. It's just I simply can't accept that
It's unacceptable to think that there's any kind of comparison between the behavior of the U.S. of A and the action of Islamic extremists to kill innocent women and children to achieve an objective
Of course, it's acceptable to think that there's any kind of comparison and this in particular debate
It's not only acceptable. It's obviously necessary even a Mr. Powell never made the comparison in his letter
Some will think that our actions at Abu Garret or in Guantanamo were in secret prisons in Eastern Europe are all too
Comparable to the actions of the extremists
Some will think that there is no similarity or if there is one it is to the slightest and most unavoidable of degrees
What all of us agree on is that we have the right we have the duty to think about the comparison
And most importantly that the other guy who's opinion about this we cannot fathom as exactly the same right as we do to think and say what's on his mind in his heart
And his conscience tell him is right all of us agree about that except it seems this president with increasing rage
He and his administration began to tell us we are not permitted to disagree with them
Then we cannot be right that cool and Paul cannot be right and then there was that one most awful phrase in four simple words last Friday
The president brought into sharp focus
What has been one vaguely only vaguely clear these past five and a half years the way the terrain at night is perceptible only during an angry flash of lightning
And then a second later all again is dark. It's unacceptable. Well think he said it's never unacceptable to think that was Keith Obermann's piece or part of it
I see unfortunately dark Thompson says the George well I have to separate what you know the fish from the
Whatever file unfortunately the George W. Bush. It's unacceptable to have any view of the world but his own
It's unicepable and Bush's eyes to challenge his thinking the question has conclusions or doubt his integrity
Even after he's been caught in lie after lie a mistake after mistake an incorrect assumption after incorrect assumption
Bush and those who follow him have systematically dismantled the Constitution and the freedoms we once enjoyed under its protections
They've created a police state where the government routinely spies on its citizens monitors its phone calls reads its emails and videotape's
Its actions and Bush's flawed view of America dissent is tantamount of treason and those who dare challenge his imperialism must be treated as traders
Anyone who does not march an absolute lockstep to his beliefs even those proven wrong time and time again must be punished
And don't even think of opposing his dictatorial rule because in George W. Bush's world it's unacceptable to think
Pretty good dog as usual and Keith Obermann we can put that Keith Obermann clip on our website if we wanted to
I think it's hard to think yeah even even macho man admits
Let's see you want me to find it okay. I'll sign the limits in Los Angeles. Nice going lens about time silly old lady
Oh, where is it Keith Obermann?
There it is. Bush was the country in apology now. How am I going to do this should I just uh said it long and then you were
Erickled or something okay send it to the news side you
I beg your pardon said it to Eric
Well, I'm sending it to our site. That's all and whoever accepts it Eric and handle it. He's on top of it today
I think it's not
After you really ripped him an ad oh yeah, oh something just facts this and this is a real drag
Walmart personnel thought women that's in quotes were trying to pass the line checks in Paris and gay paris
I think they call it gay paris. I don't wonder three men in drag bought merchandise and wrote checks across oh
This is Paris Kentucky. Well, that's probably a gay paris too. They brought merchandise and wrote checks across Kentucky
And Indiana using forg IDs Paris police say yesterday
Well, but if you saw who they byline the date line and who was Paris when you think it was Paris
France I thought I thought it was when I passed it and the first name is Jacques J. Ransom
32 Eric Dawson 23 and Aaron Cortows Alexander 31 all of Louisville scheduled to be a rain today and
What is that bourbon district court bourbon?
The three were arrested in charge Saturday when Paris police received a call about three black women trying to pass
Tole and checks at Walmart the three had left the store but police caught them on Paris on Paris Pike
They were going down the pike one of them had a wig on said made your team gray
Assist and chief of Paris police the other two had adapted their
Natural hair in the female appearance they had women's clothing purses pink cell phones make up earrings the whole nine yards
Police said the three possessed numerous stolen checks and merchandise the three allegedly stole purses from hospitals and other places
They had their photos taken in drag and they were able to paste their pictures over the original picture on their driver's licenses
Then they would open up a check-in account with that ID
They'd go all over the state writing checks when the stores asked them for their IDs
They pulled out what appeared to be completely legal driver's licenses
Grace said the three apparently went through Kentucky and Indiana including the Indianapolis area
Gossel was chargefully receiving stolen property and goes on
They wanted drag and Paris can tuck you well. I got to have something exciting going on there. It sounds like we'll be placed to me
Paris can tuck you come on. Yeah, the Walmart man. It's happened. How come we didn't see nothing about those protests outside
Do you win? They were protesting bush and off-madeena job and everybody else who was there to like all kinds of wild old grandmas being the
Shutterway, why don't you see that? No, no, you know what's that got to do with John Mark car anyway, right?
Or then in a close kid, although I did read that story
Well, I was kind of interesting though. Isn't that that's about the first meaningful information
We've had is that he was sick as a dog at hospital. How come we didn't hear that before I don't know we're here
And oh well he was in perfect. I mean that's why I was so insane right always imperfect healthy sitting there
I congratulate you on the birth of her new daughter and he's just sitting in a chair in a hotel and dies
Sorry, what's wrong with this picture, baby? What's wrong with this baby picture?
It looks too much like her. She is oh man. What a slut. I mean, you know
There's good sluts in her's bad sluts and believe me she ain't one of the good ones
1252 votes on the pool and Dustin Hoffman and Willie Nelson are right down there on the bottom together wouldn't be the first time
This dick came I like to relax my having their magulin my side my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour
Oh
Well, they hear about the monster and what they've done
They said fire to some churches they shot and killed and none
They say they're not really violent
They say they're not really me
All the slow things I've met it
Then it's just you
Then it did
What did he say
It make those mountains
And act that way
Maybe it's because
He's from Germany
He dies his shoes and little mouth
Then it it's
Is
You can see I'm smitten when I bid smitten by the bit.
I love it.
It's gone KJ about time.
1203 at 560 WQM is Eric going to get that thing up there where you're still thinking
about it.
I'll let you know.
Well whatever.
You know the Keith Overman nothing.
The clip says President Bush owes America an apology.
He owes the world an apology not just America.
He owes the universe an apology because he's going to oh I love that picture again.
Nancy Grace.
I forgot we had on there.
Old take based Nancy Grace.
Friend.
Oh we got the other Keith Overman thing delivers one hell of a commentary on Rumsville.
All we got to do is change that to a hell of a commentary on Bush.
How's that?
And then great thinking.
Yes it is.
Sounds like a plan to me.
A 1273 votes are going to 1,300 in the shake of a lamb's tail.
George Allen's 12 days of refusal writes I reform and in the Philadelphia Jewish voice.
Oh.
It reveals a lifetime of good old boy intolerance.
After seeing his lead in the Virginia Center race drop by nearly 10 points in 12 short
days, Virginia Senator George Allen finally apologized last week to SR Sardarth for using
the racial slur Makaka to describe the 21 year old Virginia native of Indian descent
was working on the gym web for a Senate campaign this summer.
Makaka.
You're what?
Kakaka?
Yeah I know that was coming.
You love that thing.
Yes I do.
So the use of racial slur by a politician who thinks he is presidential material is absolutely
shocking.
But for those of us who know the real George Allen, the senators use of a racial slur
is just another example of his good old boy intolerance.
Just good old redneck.
And he's got a list of about 80,000 out of freedom all.
Defending the use of Hitler comparisons in 1993.
George Allen refused to distance himself from an un sanctioned Republican flyer comparing
his opponent to Edal Hitler.
When pressed on the issue, Allen dismissed Nazi comparisons just part of the rough and
tumble of politics.
Rather than denounce the flyer, Allen said, you have to have a thick skin and sense of
humor and common sense in politics.
Cozying up to radical right, Winter Pat Robertson, in 2005, Senator Allen delivered the commencement
address at Pat Robertson's Regent University.
And in appearance on ABC's this week, days before Allen's commencement address, Robertson
argued that federal judges posed more of a threat to the U.S. and just a few bearded
terrorists to fly into buildings.
And George Allen would make a tremendous president.
When called on to denounce Robertson's ridiculous claim about federal judges, Allen refused,
it went on to deliver the commencement address at the right Wings Medical University anyway.
In 1996, while serving as Virginia Governor, Allen sought out a relationship with the Council
of Conservative Citizens, the CCC, a successor organization of the White Citizens Council,
a recognized hate group by the Southern Poverty Law Center, and one of the largest white
supremacist organizations anywhere.
A picture of Allen posing with CCC officials was featured in the CCC summer newsletter
that summer while discussing the photo with CCC organizer and the picture said, it helped
us as much as it helped him we got our bona fide's.
As Governor George Allen's standards of learning proposal supported the inclusion of Bible
studies in all public schools curricula.
From 1998 to 2000, George Allen displayed a noose in his office.
Allen regularly defended the noose arguing that has nothing to do with lynching and it's
more of a lasso.
After being pressed literally for years, Allen finally admitted in 2006 that indeed was
a little old noose.
But I guess that's old noose, huh?
In 1993 as candidate for Governor George Allen displayed a Confederate flag in the very
first TV out of his campaign.
Almost not surprisingly, Allen Senior High School pictures shows the Senator sporting a Confederate
flag pin on his lapel.
In college, Allen proudly displayed the Confederate flag on the back of his pickup truck and in his
college dorm where the flag was an explosive issue.
During a speech at Glenmore Country Club, then Governor George Allen mocked single mothers
receiving welfare and implied that single mothers are well for our promiscuous.
He said, well, you know, when you come to ask for support for yourself and your child
or your children, we want to know who the father is.
Oh gosh, how's he ever going to figure that out?
That's going to be too tough.
Just give us a couple of three names.
You know, there is DNA testing.
We'll find them.
George Allen is an outspoken opponent of women's rights to choose.
He proudly holds a 100% voting record with an national rights-to-life organization and
as Governor, he resented existing healthcare coverage for abortions for state employees.
In 1994, George Allen called gay relationships unnatural and illegal, noting that he opposes
permitting two gay parents to adopt a child because it's not on the best interest of a child
to be raised in that environment.
In a 2006, this year during a town hall meeting, Allen voiced his opposition to defining
sexual orientation as a civil right-noting.
I don't care to raise it to that status.
After winning his election to governorship in 1991, Allen apologized to his Democratic
opponent for running an ad that questioned the wisdom of not the patriotism of his opponent.
Shamelessly, Allen's campaign superimposed the picture of his opponent over an anti-war
demonstration that highlighted a banner reading victory to Iraq.
Allen's sister Jennifer Allen outlined Senator Allen's means to weak and short temper as
a community menace when describing how George and her brother Gregory would destroy neighborhood
mailboxes Jennifer Rice.
George would serve as his work to Mustang while Gregory held the baseball bat out the window
to clear the mailbox of its post.
Jennifer Rice, ever since my brother George held me over the railing at Niagara Falls
I've had a fear of heights.
Other than that, he's one hell of a good ol' guy.
Mm-hmm, boy.
See, he's the...
He held him over the railing at Niagara Falls, but he didn't fall.
Bill and Miami formerly, Bill and Ford Lauderdale boy, you're moving in a wrong direction,
Billy.
Bill, how's Billy on?
I don't know, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna be on it.
Yanke Reaver went out of Josh's grass there.
Well, that show is so sick, so bad, so bad.
The hurricane says it's out of the top 25 for the first time since November 28th, 1999.
Oh God, what are we gonna do now?
Marlon Chances for the Wildcars are slip-sliding away, they're gone man, they're five out
with 10 or 11 to go, they're done.
And Adolphin started the season 0 and 2 for the first time in 37 years.
Aren't we blessed says Bill and Miami and we are blessed by test man, just tap yourself
on the chest and grab a good breast.
Chicken breast, I did.
Oh, and NASA is gonna land in Florida 621 tomorrow morning with her without those three
geckies.
Can you search 20th?
Maybe those are the flying poaks, you think so?
Or the flying will end us?
Maybe.
And outer space, where'd be something that they were like creatures?
Now, who was it that used to be on creature feature, was that Dave Dixon, empty graves?
Which might have been Dave Dixon, I know the character's name.
I beg your pardon?
I don't think Dave Dixon was ever, well he was a character but not that kind.
Big fat, low number.
Big fat, I would go.
Oh okay, no.
He might have both.
Dave Dixon used to be on the channel 6 movies.
First it was the night owl movies with Big Wilson that he died.
Then they put, in fact he wasn't on channel 6, excuse me.
They were on a competitive, they competed with each other.
Big Wilson and Dave Dixon.
Big was on 6 with night owl and on channel 51, the old channel 51 by Pirates Worlder and
Dania.
Dave Dixon was on, I don't know what they call that, the all night movie, whatever what.
He was great, he was funny and then he went to the current and then he died.
In fact once upon a time he'd recall, I think he called him on the show, we got in touch
with him somehow Dave Dixon back in the day.
Maybe our old friend and Philly there who is probably out to lunch right now and as most
of his life, they got it from that TEN, the talk station, Philly that facts last week.
Maybe he was something about Dave Dixon.
In fact you could probably Google it, he was a pretty well known guy and pretty big
in the through.
Well he's pretty big everywhere, about 400 pounds.
Good guy, a great sense of humor and he used to show all the crappy old movies and he
was one guy, come on, he intended the movie was crap.
He wouldn't pretend that he's like, oh I'm seeing a really great movie here and you
really gotta stay up and watch it now.
Look at that, there's your go chavas, he said again, Bush is the devil and I think he
happens to be.
That's so really correct.
Even though that might inflame some of your people in South Florida who very upset with
your go chavas.
Not over anything happening in Finland, it's well because he's good buddies with Fidel
who of course is, you know, anti Christ.
He'd be ill.
But devil, can now he'll be alright.
All the miserable old bastards, they lived to 100.
The good guys, they died about 64.
1282 votes will have 1300 by the bottom of the yard, we're well on our way to 14th, the
sky's the limit today, man.
We're off to the races, we're off to woodbite.
I got Marine Dodds good comedy, hostage to Iran again, question mark.
And also Frank Rich had a good, he was on with Chris Matty's on soft balls last night.
Eric says that whatever you wanted to be done is done.
Thanks Eric, you're the best man in Spiderman Joshness.
Here's a, this is good, damn, thank you, damn, sweet heart.
Good pulls suggest numbers, you that Friday.
Against a good pull ideas out there, including, including from Sean, which I'm really surprised
by me, thanks Sean, that after you assigned him and just shrugged him off, that he finally
came through again for us.
That's why he went away is because you snubbed him all summer long.
That's right.
So I had that job of trying to like get all our friends back, the ones that we have left,
we don't have any friends in the world.
Oh, we have 6161 or something on my space, 661.
I think.
Oh, isn't it?
I don't know.
Well, let's take a look.
Okay, I could be out of line.
Could be exaggerating when we the first time.
My space there is probably the midget time that I've exaggerated.
Okay, maybe I'm way, 616, you know, I guess it was 611, I have another 616, I'm on a way
to 666, ooh, we got 616.
And we need to do a little 6 in the middle.
You'll get them.
Right in the middle of my simple episode, John, Volt and I must make me spit it up.
I could have a flaw as afterwards.
I mean, isn't it an issue that maybe has to be addressed in some way?
He says it's too bad that Travis then looks at him and speaks to his own people.
Yeah, you're going to want to talk to you, Nazi bastard.
Nice mustache though.
So the biggest name, so best talent, is the O'Rochers 4th radio 560, UAM.
About black people.
That's what you do.
I'm like a diamond man.
Oh, let's speak.
I think we'll stand.
I'm dying on the hair.
I'm just going to spurt out a Nazi gold line.
I'm going to be able to get a job with Troy Williams by fraud.
Yeah.
We can do it.
We can do it.
So we can get a job with that.
I'm going to do something from the green apple with the same giant black man.
What the hell was that?
Oh, what the hell was that?
I was doing that.
I was sure about the farmer's new damn well if it was E-Cole.
I didn't even know that he was hitting the DC there.
No, I didn't know.
Oh, I got a huge story on it.
In fact, it was probably so big.
I stuck it way in the bottom of my mouth.
Now I can't find an M-spin.
You know that.
How that happens.
Farmers given sharp warning before outbreak.
Federal health officials told California farmers to improve produce safety in a pointed warning
last November.
Nearly a year before the multi-state E-Cole outbreak linked to Spinaci.
In fact, the current food poisoning episode is the 20th since 1995 linked to Spinaci
or lettuce said the FDA, the FDA.
Let us, as in lettuce, not eat that crap again.
Let us spray those state and federal officials have traced the current outbreak to a California
company's fresh spinach.
They haven't pinpointed the source of the bacteria that have killed one person and
say at least 113 others.
A second death was being investigated in the outbreak, which involves 21 friggin states.
How do you like that?
Farmers were given a sharp warning.
We know they need the money, man.
Contaminated irrigation water suspected in the series of E-Cole outbreaks.
And the FDA is still warning consumers.
Do not eat fresh spinach.
Unless you're about to die, do not eat fresh spinach.
Don't eat spinach out of a bag, out of a sack, out of a box, out of a bowl, out of
a...
Now you can do a service for the audience.
All right.
Now that Eric, nice job, Eric.
Right on our website.
They're on the main page.
You can go now.
See, the only problem is every time I ask you to do this, you've got that slow-crabbing
computer.
If you would just let fix it, come up here and fix this thing.
I can tell you all these audio's on.
Now I didn't want him here.
What the hell?
I want him here.
I mean, he's okay.
He's not a bag.
How about other...
You'll love engineering.
Whatever.
The guy you have up there locally.
Oh, he could do it, yeah.
He, you know, he's a real engineer.
I know.
I know that those four are easy.
The last real engineer we had around was Polio.
In fact, I remember him right here in this studio, man, he put the last finishing touches
in this joint.
Nice job, Polio, wherever you are.
What a good guy.
And a very knowledgeable engineer, too, did a great job.
That's why he's not with the company anymore.
He moved on up.
He moved on up out of his joint, out of his bee-sling prison.
Anyway, you've got the main page there right above a porcupino.
I do.
Probably the president, United States, blah, blah, blah.
Right.
You're going to be able to click on it and maybe play the audio.
I can't play the audio.
At least not on the ear.
I can play it, you know.
The dancing speed load.
And how long is that going to take by an hour?
Yeah.
We're going to play some music.
Oh, right.
Let's do the one-hit wonders.
We'll play it three or one.
And then we'll hear each other's playing.
How can we not love that song?
I'll do what I want.
Does anybody in the group that don't like that song?
Anybody in the house?
Josh?
You didn't hear anything for me, did you?
You like it?
Yeah, that's fine.
It's okay.
No, I don't expect that.
You're kind of music, you know.
I don't know what that means, but I don't either because I don't know what your kind of music is.
And I don't want to know.
I like everything.
Well, good.
Doff said he'll keep that in mind.
Okay, so what's the story now?
I'm going to be in the video.
I'll make you a part.
Oh, it wants me to save it.
All right.
I'll save it.
Oh, yeah, this is going to be a big project.
I clicked the thing on our website.
Let's see.
One, two, three.
It's a little save than it'll be over there.
Three seconds.
There's Keith.
All I have to do is click on that baby, but I'm being.
I would play it.
Piece of cake.
Mm, cake.
Video.
And it's got choices where you're going to.
There it is.
It's playing out by me.
I'm playing it.
All right.
I'm trying to do it with quick ten.
Oh, my God.
What kind of crappy computer have you got?
I guess I bought it at a computer.
Here you go.
I apologize for not updating.
And here's Keith.
Count down.
Let's talk about three seconds.
Oh, there's no any.
I see him speaking to his lips.
A little moving.
A little moving.
Sound is coming out and you're still.
Bap, bap, bap, bap.
Oh, my God.
Remember our connection here?
Our connection here.
Our story was about to go on his head.
I like something out of the stone age.
God, I'm embarrassed and humiliated and degraded.
Let me why you're still farting around with that.
And this probably take about a half an hour.
Kill some good time.
All right.
Anybody out there watching?
And this is not a commercial, but it's just a personal endorsement.
He'll have Packard Pavilion.
If you want a small, very fast, very efficient, do it all computer.
This is the one man.
Does it all?
7220 to slimline.
I guess I better get that camera working.
You know that digital camera.
Yeah.
Even just to send you a picture of this computer.
It's neat.
It's nifty.
You know, it takes a very little space.
It sits upright right on the counter right next to your monitor.
Is that Keith over there?
It sounds like Count down.
I mean, it's dark news conference.
Very good.
President of the United States.
Those this country.
Is that the best audio you're going to do?
Yeah, that's as loud as it gets me.
Well, I can't hear it.
We can turn our studio open here, but I'll just have to shut my mic off so we don't get feedback.
The last of them is the very man.
Well, nobody's going to be.
It's going to stop.
It's going to need to load.
It's going to what?
Need to load the streaming stopped.
You know something?
I can do it better.
Just plan it here and putting one of my speakers up to the microphone, which is like like a child would do that.
Right.
Like a kid playing radio, which I think is what we're doing here at QAM.
What a bunch of crap.
And that's the best we got there.
That's it.
I can't even imagine what that one.
No, we don't even have a computer in the other room beside the laptop.
Yeah, we do.
What in there?
It doesn't really do anything.
Doesn't do anything.
Yeah, sparing no expense to bring you the best.
Beasley broadcasting.
Thanks a lot, boys.
Only the best.
I don't want to be just back from the break.
It'll be all loaded in the screen.
And what makes you think it's going to sound any better?
Going to give me a little level.
Josh will pot this studio up as loud as it can go.
OK, we'll try that.
We'll do the break.
What a project, man.
Good God.
Even building the space shuttle probably didn't take this much ever.
24 pass noon.
Let's see the data on this is March 21st.
March 21st, 2006.
I think you ought to get Charlotte Holmes and Columbia.
I think we ought to have the UN investigate in the two M. C.O. Department or something.
There are some hanky spanky going on back there, man.
And even Greg and his co-horses, partners in crime,
could never even dreamed up whatever's going on back there.
And it sure is how it got nothing to do with sales.
Let me tell you right now, great place to take your feet.
I've been talking about these folks for about a hundred years now.
Brandy shoes in Pompe no Beasts.
There's nothing like Brandy's because all the way around
when you take your feet to Brandy's you win.
They give you the best selection of top name brands that you know and love.
They give you unbeatable pricing and they give you friendly personal service
to make sure that you get the perfect fit every time.
They carry rock ports.
Mifisto, Echo, Forshaw, Hush, Puppy, New Balance in all sizes for men and women.
And they even carry those wide widths and hard to find sizes for you folks with funky feet.
In fact, when you stop into Brandy's, be sure and stop by and see Arnie.
He'll make sure you get the right fitting shoes and unbeatable price.
The only thing they do with Brandy's shoes, they don't sell pop-up toasters or condoms.
So you don't have to worry about getting the right deal.
Brandy shoes you'll find in the 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompe no Beasts
between Atlantic and Copies on the East Side.
Can't miss it.
And they're open every day for your shopping convenience.
Brandy's open Monday through Saturdays till 9.
And every Sunday till 5.
And again, this week that Starwide Sales event continues
take 20% off the 1st pair.
25% off on the 2nd pair and 30% off on the 3rd pair including Sarloom's this week.
So be sure to get your ass into Brandy's or do your shoe shopping on the prestigious website at Brandy's Shoes.com.
The biggest names of best talents to this is the Orojers 4th Radio 560.
Please ever suggest that the attacks of September 11th were ordered by Iraq.
It's going to be an awesome week of split ups on DTV, Du Bois Television.
Monday it's the premiere of Newly Du Bois with Nick and Jessica.
Nick and me is a chassis girl friend.
Hey, if I get married, does that make me so at 5 or 1st?
Then on Wednesday, check out Dave Navarro and Common Electra in till Death to Us Park.
Yeah, right.
I want full custody of the eyeliner.
Hey, I gave her the nail polish. What's fair is fair?
And wrap up your week with Meet the Barters in court.
But you're honored. How do I give a path my tattoos?
Then get ready for Jackass X-Harsman and an all new real world single mother.
That's this week on DTV Du Bois Television.
It's about 30 at 560 WQM. Mad Dog coming up at 2 o'clock to power hour with Hank and a Mad Dog between 4 and 5 and Humper again.
Another tough night. 5 to 635.
Then we got to Marlon Zondeg. Marlon Zethemeste, third in the final.
No, it's not the final.
The World Series.
They got to wow, wow, wow. Another game to lose in New York tomorrow night.
And then they put it this weekend in Philly. That little cinch it.
That little cinch it. Somebody else will clinch it. Probably the Dodgers, I guess. Not order Philly's.
Looks like the Dodgers to me though for the wild car. But it was a nice run.
There's no sense in being real negative about them. They made a nice run. They gave it a good shot.
And then they choked. I mean, then I was it.
Here's the fact that says you need to check out NBC's new show studio.
Oh, and are you going to play that thing in a minute?
I'm going to play it.
You sure? No.
Huh? Are you sure?
Well, we'll find out. It'll kill some time.
And I'll play music if we can't.
Yeah. Because I got a big pile here, but I could save it for like tomorrow on Friday and...
A week from...
Rochelle Shawna.
Two weeks from the circus.
Well, this is a suicide-inducing song, you know?
Yes it is. But I like more of it.
Really more of it.
But guess what the good news is I saw it standing in the shadows of Motown again.
Yeah.
Last night.
At least the last half of it.
You need to check out NBC's new show Studio 60 on the Sunset.
So I'm going to tell you she is so damn good.
What's her name?
Joan Osborne.
Oh, yes.
It's loosely based on the Howard B. like character losing it on you.
And attacking the media religious writer government, etc.
His opening speech can be seen at the link below.
Thank you, Walmart. It's got the link.
It sounds word for word like an excerpt from your show.
They even replaced a reference network in the genius of Patti Chewski later on in the pilot episode.
Thanks, Walmart. I'm going to keep this and I'll check it out later on after I lose all my money.
And what's the other thing I have to look at?
I'm as mad as hell.
I'm just going to take this anymore.
Oh, more naked pictures of James Franco.
Or maybe James Franco alive in a flash.
He probably wouldn't look so good up close in person.
You know, 20 years old. He's probably got a zitter too here and there.
So what are you going to do? You're going to pray that thing now?
Or are we going to hear Keith Obrerman or not?
Okay, here we go. You ready?
I'm ready. Let's see if this works.
Okay, crank it up, Josh.
Crank it. Spank it.
Sounds good so far.
Finally tonight a special comment about the Rose Garden news conference last Friday.
The president of the United States owes this country an apology.
It will not be offered of course.
He does not realize it's necessity.
There are now none around him who would tell him or could.
The last of them it appears was the very man whose letter provoked the president into the conduct for which the apology is essential.
An apology is this president's only hope of regaining the slightest measure of confidence of what has been for nearly two years a clear majority of his people.
Not confidence in his policies, knowing his designs,
nor even in something as narrowly focused as which vision of torture shall prevail.
He is or that of the man who has sent him into aquaplexity, Colin Powell.
In a larger sense though, the president needs to regain our confidence that he has some basic understanding of what this country represents,
of what it must maintain if we are to defeat not only terrorists, but if we are also to defeat what is ever more increasingly apparent as an attempt to redefine the way we live here and what we mean when we say the word freedom.
Because it is evident now that if not its architect, this president intends to be the contractor for this narrowing of the definition of freedom.
The president revealed this last Friday as he fairly spat through his teeth words of unrestrained fury directed at the man who was once a very symbol of his administration,
who was once an ambassador from this administration to its critics as he had once been an ambassador from the military to its critics.
The former Secretary of State, Mr. Powell, had written simply and candidly and without anger that the world is beginning to doubt the moral basis of our fight against terrorism.
This president's response included not merely what is apparently the presidential equivalent of threatening to hold one's breath, but within it contained one particularly chilling phrase.
This president, former Secretary of State, Colin Powell says the world is beginning to doubt the moral basis of our fight against terrorism.
If a former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and former Secretary of State deals this way, don't you think that Americans in the rest of the world are beginning to wonder whether you're following a flawed strategy?
If there's any comparison between the compassion and decency of the American people and the terrorist tactics of extremists as flawed logic,
it's simply can't accept that, it's unacceptable to think that there's any kind of comparison between the behavior of the United States of America and the action of Islamic extremists who kill innocent women and children and understand it's even objective.
Of course, it's acceptable to think that there's any kind of comparison and in this particular debate it is not only acceptable, it is obviously necessary even if Mr. Powell never made that comparison in his letter.
Some will think that our actions at Abu Firaib or at Guantanamo or in secret prisons in Eastern Europe are all too comparable to the actions of the extremists.
Some will think that there is no similarity or if there is one, it is to the slightest and most unavoidable of degrees.
What all of us will agree on is that we have the right, we have the duty to think about the comparison.
And most importantly, that the other guy who's opinion about this we cannot fathom has exactly the same right as we do to think and say what his mind at his heart and his conscience tell him is right.
All of us agreed about that, except it seems this President.
With increasing rage he and his administration have begun to tell us that we are not permitted to disagree with them, that we cannot be right, that Colin Powell cannot be right.
And then there was that one most awful phrase. In four simple words last Friday the President thought to do sharp focus, what has been only vaguely clear these past five and a half years, the way the terrain at night is perceptible only during an angry flash of lightning and then a second later all again is dark.
It's unacceptable to think he said it is never unacceptable to think.
And when a President says thinking is unacceptable even on one topic, even in the heat of the moment, even in the turning of a phrase extracted from its context, he takes us toward a new and fearful path, one here to four, the realm of science fiction authors and apocalyptic visionaries.
That flash of lightning freezes at the distant horizon and we can just make out a world in which authority can actually suggest it has become unacceptable to think.
Thus the lightning flash reveals not merely a President, we have already seen the one who believes he has a monopoly on current truth.
It now shows us a President who has decided that of all our commanders in chief ever, he alone has had the knowledge necessary to alter and reshape our inalienable rights.
This is a frightening and a dangerous delusion, Mr. President. If Mr. Powell's letter cautionary concern predominantly supported can induce from you such wrath and such intolerance, what would you say with this statement to be shouted to you by a reporter or written to you by a colleague?
Governments are instituted among men deriving their just powers from the consent of the government.
That whenever any form of government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the right of the people to alter or to abolish it and to institute new government.
Those incendiary thoughts came, of course, from a prior holder of your job, Mr. Bush. They were the words that Thomas Jefferson, he put them in the declaration of independence.
Mr. Bush, what would you say to something that antithetical to the status quo just now? Would you call it unacceptable for Jefferson to think such things or to write them?
Between your confidence and your infallibility, sir, and your demonizing of dissent and now these wages better suited to a fort and three-year-old, you have left the unnerving sense of a White House coming unglued, a chilling suspicion that perhaps we have not seen the peak of the anger that we can no longer forecast what next will be said to or about anyone who disagrees or what will next be done to them.
On this newscast last Friday, constitutional law professor Jonathan Curley adjoined Washington University suggested that at some point in the near future, some of the detainees transferred from secret CIA cells to Guantanamo will finally get to tell the Red Cross that they have indeed been tortured.
Thus the debate over the Geneva conventions might not be about further interrogations of detainees, but about those already conducted, and the possible liability of the administration for them.
That certainly could explain Mr. Bush's fury of that at this point is speculative. At least though it would provide an alternative possibility as to why the president's words were at such variance from the entire history of this country.
For there needs to be some other explanation, Mr. Bush, then that you truly believe we should live in the United States of America in which a talk is unacceptable. There needs to be a delegation of responsible leaders, Republicans or otherwise, who can sit you down as very goldwater and use Scott once sat-ritchered Nixon.
So, we should take a decision down and explain the reality of the situation you have created. There needs to be an apology from the president of the United States.
And more than one. But Mr. Bush, the others, were warnings unheeded five years ago for war unjustified four years ago for battle unprepared three years ago. They are not weighted with the urgency and the necessity of this one.
We must know that to you, thought with which you disagree, and even voice with which you disagree, and even action with which you disagree are still sacrosanct to you.
The philosopher Voltaire once insisted to another author, I detest what you write, but I would give my life to make it possible for you to continue to write.
Since the nation's birth, Mr. Bush, we have misquoted and even embellished that statement, but we have served ourselves well by subscribing to its assets.
Oddly, there are other words of Voltaire's that are more pertinent still just now. Think for yourselves, he wrote, and let others enjoy the privilege to do so too.
Apologize, sir, for even hinting at an America, where a few have that privilege to think, and the rest of us wind up getting yelled at by the president.
Anything else, Mr. Bush, is truly unacceptable.
All right, people.
We apologize here because it sounded like Keith was underwater, but he was treading OK.
Yeah, at least it made it all the way through. Don't tread on me. So somebody faxing says in light of his recent broadcast, I say, put Keith Overman on there, let the L out, but that's OK. No points for his spelling.
Let's put him on our Keith Overman. We don't want to see him quote. He's the only voice of sanity on commercial TV.
The only one I'm not talking about the talking heads of you know, his guests that they have on him, but I'm talking to somebody who's got a show, a show, a choke.
And unlike Chris Matthews, he doesn't talk about power ticks and talk out of the side of his mouth. Oh, you're great. Come back again. You're great. Chris Matthews, I think he could be the anti-Christ, you know what? Now let me say this to him.
OK. I'm just thinking about how bad that sounded. Now is that a byproduct of, um, it certainly can't sound like that on our website.
Anybody wants to hear that again or here because it was being streamed. I assume that if you download the video, it would sound better.
But I'm thinking about getting you one of these computers for the studio there. They're not that expensive.
I wouldn't do anything for the internet connection, which is most of the problems that we have here with the slow.
Oh, the whole podcast internet connection that you got here on the internet with everybody else in the building.
Oh, that's right. Because it's all around a building and probably somebody would steal a damn thing anyway.
The biggest name. So this is the raw material 560.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Hello. I'm John Markhart. I have a confession. I killed the crocodile hunter.
I didn't mean to accidentally poke him with my 20 barb. I'm taking full responsibility and I'm willing to face charges.
And I'll show you if I can fly first class on quantum.
Throw the other shrimp on the barbie.
Get out. All me here at the pool of gates and crookie. Have a look at this. It's St. Peter. He's a beauty and a big burger.
We'll get out. Winxman. I'm going to seek up on him. Go to be careful. Don't want to straddle him.
Here we go. Go to hell.
Oh, what an heaven's name. Oh, God. He's a strong one.
You're good. Are you crazy? Oh, see?
Too many grampas. I'm going to take him and let him on his wife.
Cow. What is wrong with you?
Rocky. So this is heaven, Halpida. You go and eat delicious nights of here, mate.
No. Of course not.
No. Any poisonous spiders? No.
Any crooks? No. This is heaven.
Crookie. It's not my idea, Helen. What do you say, Penny? Do you a block of fire?
All right. Stand on the axe.
Thanks, mate.
Thank you, mate.
Crookie. This place is shock-a-block full of snakes. And they're beautiful.
He sure is hot, but no risk in the outback and crookie.
Look at that. It's a snowball.
I guess the Vikings are finally going to win the Super Bowl.
Come on. Let's have a look at him.
Look at that. He's got devil himself.
Beelzeboot.
He's got his colorful goat legs in those horns.
Amazing.
You're welcome. You've been eating really grumpy.
I'd have a closer look, but he's got a ponytail in a lune-maw-lesson.
The highway.
Point for now.
Why did we find it got inventesnakes in all those slithering nasty things, huh?
You know, in those skaters, why do you invent skaters and boofo-toads?
That's what this is.
Always testing us. You know, I like the best of tests. It's an endless test.
That's what the guestbies will tell you.
It ends eventually.
Well, no, and not if you're on the right side. If you're on the wrong side,
well, that's if you pass here.
The owner of the Miami Arena wants to, he's on the wrong side.
Once, at least so they tell him, wants to cancel a plan sale of the idle facility for $50 million,
claiming his real estate broker and the would-be buyer violated a confidentiality agreement
by talking with Major League Baseball about the site.
In the lawsuit filed Monday, Glenn Straub, a co-developer of Scott Silver and broker Edie Lacker,
a fraud and breach of contract for plans to flip the arena to Major League Baseball after the sale.
They're going to flip it, and now he's flipping back.
The lawsuit, indeed, Civil Court comes a week after Silver filed a suit to four-strawbed owner of the sales contract
and turned over the arena.
Major League Baseball has been shopping for land just south of the arena for a possible Florida Marlin stadium.
But League officials are concerned the site is too small, and any unfortunately the arena land could make a plan more attractive.
It's too small. On Tuesday, Silver said he's only talking League officials after signing the sales contract for the property.
Silver and Lacker both the night Straub's allegations.
Straub's lawsuit said Silver, a developer and lawyer, claim to be purchasing the arena on behalf of a French buyer interested in reviving the arena.
But the suit claims Silver and Lacker approached baseball officials, Internet, mobile, gym, clock, and others about buying the arena.
Where do they come off meeting with them, Straub asked yesterday afternoon.
He said Lacker and Silver only revealed their discussions with Clark, Major League Baseball, and the third would be buy during a meeting last week.
In an interview, Silver calls Straub's suit unfounded and likely bid to hold on to the arena another Major League Baseball might be interested in building nearby.
We were buying it Silver said you wouldn't make a promise to a seller that would be only to put the one use because life changes.
Things change in broadcasting and that would Larry once said.
Lacker was Silver's partner in the purchase in the sales contract.
Lister was the sole broker in the transaction. Straub's suit claims he didn't disclose her stake in the purchase where Zlan goes on and on and on.
Straub said he was eager to accommodate Major League Baseball if it needs part of his line for a stadium.
And he may be interested in financing part of its construction.
He's a wealthy funnel meets developer and businessman.
We would love to have a baseball facility next to us. He said it's a perfect location. I never thought of it.
It's a perfect location, right? Although it didn't. Somebody said they moved the camelist house out of there to like the edge of the city, the edge of the universe, out by the Everglades.
Yeah. Maureen Dad says hostage to Iran again. Oh, Hugo Chavez is holding it. He says the US says a mortal disease.
He will be the real. He will be the one. He will be the one. He will be the security council agenda given the fact that he's approach that not a future.
And my second question very. So you can read better than I can. But you do not recognize the.
He must be getting laser. I guess. He wrote. I guess anybody know him. Chamsky's looking at Spongebob. When you think of should they translate it? Oh, no question about that. Michael Moore. Now we're talking.
I think one of my favorite people get him on that pole. Excellent. There's a facts. I think that's a good idea. I don't think he's got any votes yet. Keith Overman. He's gotten on wrong. He's got two already. He's got a peer. He's got a big pair. I'll tell you that. Make no mistake about a Keith Overman. He is.
He's the only hope in the media right now. Michael Moore had a show. Different story. Maureen Down says it was going to be lectured on ethics truth. Just as virtue and respect for human rights by a Holocaust denying Iraq,
middleing American hitting Pipsquake. A guy who showed up to address the UN without bothering to wear a tie. So casual in a disco looking cream suit and open a pink shirt. He looked like he would kick back later in Chelsea.
If President Bush. Well, that he did look like that. Didn't he? What about Chelsea? I didn't look serious. If President Bush was bland or bleak and condescending in his UN remarks by passing President
Mosque, Modena, the speaker directly to the people of Iran. The Iranian leader was more blunt referring to America and Britain,
distantly as the occupiers. Not a day goes by with hundreds of people getting killed and cold blood. He said 66 hundred by the way in July and August,
a Iraqi civilian just mentioned that again and passing. Iranian leaders love nothing more than taunting American presidents as we learned when Jimmy Carter was a
masquerade during the hostage crisis. And so it was with Mr. Ahmedina Jad who took W and Dick Cheney's be frame about how Republicans are needed to stiffen America's will and threw it back at them.
There was no indication in needle that the occupiers have the necessary political will to eliminate the sources of instability. All day the White House team went through
Jairations not to run into the Iranian leader fearful to be caught in the same frame perhaps audited by memories of that picture of a smiling,
rummy shaking Sodom's hand in 1983. It seemed a little bit silly given what a tough guy W.A.S. like. If you ran into the punk he could have just told him to quit processing your
reigning and moved on. Bush Aids assured reporters with a spirit that they weren't studying the Iranian president's route or bathroom schedule that such a
fixation would only build up a foe they were trying to cut down the size. But it's a little late for that with Mr. Ahmedina Jad staring from the cover of time with a story on what war
the Iran would look like and with Senator George Voindovitch calling him on madden ahead and a Hitler type of person at a Senate committee hearing yesterday.
Can't politicians just have a little post-its on their microphones reminding them not to compare anything to Nazis? Mr. Bush played down on some of her five years while he focused on Iraq,
but his ill-fated detour into Baghdad just ended up magnifying another enemy and giving Mr. Ahmedina Jad a huge strategic opportunity to stoke the growing fundamentalist and radical Shiite surge,
unleashed by the Bungal occupation. Because W. Blue off diplomacy with Iraq he's now hostage to diplomacy with Iran. The Iranian president started more scornful of the UN than Mr. Cheney does. If the governments of the United States or the United Kingdom who are
permanent members of the Security Council commit aggression, occupation and violation of international law, which are the organs of the UN can take them to what count he said, complaining that they irrigate to themselves simultaneously the roles of prosecutor,
judge and executioner, where their usual cultural tone, deafness, W. and vice-fair to appreciate the shrewdness of the emphasis they won't talk to and continue to arrogantly act as though everything were going along great in their class and civilizations.
Wasn't it going along great? Oh, yeah, we're fine. W. went through a gauzy litany of progress and democratizing the Middle East and speaking to Autodil yesterday morning,
vice-applied a hairy Truman phrase about the Cold War, calling the war against terrorist a war of nerves. By the way, Haliburton is making billions and billions, I just mentioned that in past. Oh, yeah, we did it.
Vice said this is a test of our character and then went on to defend all the administration's attempts to put itself above the lawn wiretapping, torture and detention programs that have undermined America's moral repute in the world.
John McCain seems untroubled with those who say that his stand on torture might hurt him with a Republican base in 2008. After making nice with his formal rival W. for so long, the war hero probably enjoys getting a National Guard Boy's face a little on an issue of principle.
W. has now put so many bad actors in the terrorists stew, some of whom hate each other, and has justified so many sketchy programs under the war on terror rubric that the word terror is losing all meaning and just becoming a marketing slogan. A logos.
Even the Republican calmness peggy Newton says the W can be a historical drama queen. If our pursuit of terrorists to harm this and want to hurt us again gets too diffuse, it's pointless kind of productive and endless. The president's refusal to understand what's is taking the torture debate is itself a kind of torture for Americans who don't want our moral power in our pursuit of al-Qaeda diluted.
Maybe that's what he's doing, diluted, diluted, diluted, that makes sense. Yeah. You're doing something. He's got a nose for a word sad, I'll tell you that. We have it, we've got 1,300 votes. 13, 76, almost 1,400 votes. We're going to do 1,500 if it's the last thing we do today. How do you like that? 15, what? You said do do. By the way, don't forget five or six jobs, change that poll or not. You know, we don't, we don't need the head start program. It's a little more challenging, you know, when you start from scratch, when you scratch it. George learned that they use the word terror.
Yes, smart way when he had my polar on Monday, that's right. And when you start with 900 votes, it ain't too hard to get to a thousand 1378. That's pretty great.
The biggest name of the best talent.
Why don't you say you got your whole way?
The whole video 560, you AM.
But it's the one to do our this station presents what if they were alive today August 16, 1977.
Elvis Presley, the king of rock and roll, is found dead at his grace and home in Memphis, Tennessee.
He changed music forever, but we ask what if you are alive today?
Kill or wait for this year's ill was prickly. You know, I used to buy people catalyze.
Although I get all my friends one of these, a hover around mobility chair.
Yeah, baby, I just love riding around on my own. I keep blowing in the breeze.
So order yours now and tell them the team. Thank you.
I got a hobo hobo hobo well.
I got a hobo hobo hobo hobo hobo. Join us again for another. What if they were alive today?
1389. We need 111 votes for 1500. Maybe I made a premature evaluation, you think?
I said the bar to a high. Huh?
Oh, it's possible, but no. Just as George here was about being too high.
Well, there's your Ochaves. He said the Bush is a crook. He's the devil.
1389. What current celebrity's death would bother you the most?
Neo Roger, 726. I am so touched by that. Can you feel it? Can you smell it?
I smell something.
Bill Clinton, 262. Muhammad Ali, 71.
Boy, boy.
Dan Moreno, 58. George W. Bush, 56, as in Q56. Tom Brady, 25.
Bobby De Nero, 23. Al Pacino, 20.
No, I like Al Pacino better. I mean, you know, you can like whoever you like.
I'm just telling you, don't you like Al Pacino better than Robert De Nero?
Okay. Well, he was always the same. He's always the same.
Yeah. He's always the, no, always the movie that Mitchem did.
Robert Mitchem. Cape Fear. Cape Fear. He always has that look of that character on his face.
You know, they're kind of gangster. Yeah. And I'm not saying he's not good.
I just like Al Pacino better. And what do I know though?
Don Shulal 19, the brainstem, Alan Alda 18, Carol Burnett 15.
Oh, that would really bother me. Hillary Clinton 14.
She's going to run for president. In fact, the rumor was last night that I haven't seen it yet.
Though I keep looking for it. Roll call, you know, the DC paper was going to come up today.
And we've been running, but I haven't seen it.
J. L. 14, Pope Benedict 16, 14, 14, for Bisson and going voted for him.
Catherine Harris 10. She's down near the bottom. Katie Holmes 10.
They're down there together. Having a good time with an else in nine.
Daddy Colt Pepper 9. Janorino 7 Keith Olberman 3. He's just been on there about four seconds.
He's got three votes. Tommy Cruz 3. Dustin Hoffman only 2 and Michael Moore's got Solomon Thaeuno.
Out of 13, 98. That's so great. We need 102 votes in 56 minutes.
We need like two votes a minute. Okay. I'm able to do that. Sure.
Let's go. Yeah, let's get with it. I'm not going to vote again. No, we can't.
Frank Rich, like I said, he was on where was he on? Was he on Keith Olberman last night?
He was on somewhere last night. Maybe it was Chris Matthews talking politics.
And anyway, he was on. I think it was on Keith Olberman.
He says, though, then this was a column from a Sunday, which I would have read on Monday,
but you were on on Monday and you didn't read it. What's wrong with you?
I don't know. Drug. You were taking those good phone calls. That's right.
Next, the good thing you can look forward to my vacations and when the next summer when George is on,
because then you can get all those great phone calls on here. Well, supplies last.
Yeah, because I'm not taking them now. Next, Lucas. I'm Russia Shana,
a young Kipper, Sin Khaustura. Oh, and you know what else I haven't played?
I could have started. It starts next week. I don't want to start stirring people up.
Oh, yeah. I haven't played that yet. It's coming up. That changes around the month that Ramadan is.
It's based on their calendar, just like the Jewish holidays are on the Jew calendar.
What do you expect the Jewish holidays on some glacier calendar?
Sorry. What do you know about it? Nothing.
Isn't the set of isn't this weekend is Russia Shana writes, Jew, it's Jew year.
A rarely rights Frank Ritzfick in the Jewish rarely has a television never presented a more
perfectly matched double feature. President Bush is 9-11 address Monday night,
interrupted ABC's path and 11 so seamlessly, the single network to scream or serve them both.
For dramatic and narrative purposes, the movie contains fictionalized scenes,
composite representative characters and dialogue as well as time compression.
No kidding. The path to 9-11 was false from the opening scene when it put Muhammad Ata,
both in the wrong airport, Boston instead of Portland, Maine, and on the wrong airline,
American instead of US Airways. It took Mr. Bush, but few, but a few paragraphs,
so we're on up to his first fictionalization for the dramatic purposes,
because we knew it was a place that we would not distinguish between the terrorists and those who harbor or support them.
Only days earlier, the White House had idly by while our ally Pakistan,
surrendered to Islamic militants in its northwest frontier, signing a truce and releasing outtried of prisoners.
Not only will Pakistan continue to harbor terrorists, or some have been lawden probably among them,
but it will do so without a peep from Mr. Bush.
You think that after having been cocked and cocked in the scenario that took the nation to war in Iraq,
the White House would mind the facts now, but this administration understands our culture well too well.
This is a country where a cable news network MSNBC offers in-depth journalism about one of its anchors,
Tucker Carlson, losing a prime time dance contest, and we're conspiring enough to create a decoded industry of books and DVDs
by arguing that hijack jets did not cause 911, and that the 911 commission was a cover-up.
The friction lies path the 911s supposedly based on the commission's report only advanced the nuts case.
If you're a White House stuck in a quagmire in an election year, what's the percentage in starting the trouble truth now?
It's better to gain the system. The untruths are flying so fast that untangling them can be a full-time job.
Maybe that's why I'm beginning to find Dick Cheney almost refreshing.
As we saw in Meet the Press last Sunday, these days he hopefully signals when he's like, it's about to lie.
One day giveaway is the word context, as in the context in which I made that statement last year.
The vice president invoked context to try to explain away both his bogus predictions that Americans would be greeted as liberators in Iraq and at the insurgency some 15 months ago was in its last troze.
The other instant tip off to what Cheney lies, any variation on the phrase, I haven't read the story.
He told Tim Russell, he hadn't read the Washington Post Front Page report that the big law and trail of guns, stone cold, or the New South Intelligence Committee report,
contradicting the White House's p-war hype about non-existent links between Al Qaeda and Sodom.
Nor had he read a Times Front Page article about his declining clout, or the finely by Muhammad Al-Beradye of the International Atomic Energy Agency just before the war that there was no evidence of resumed nuclear activities in Iraq.
I haven't looked at it. I'd have to go back and look at it again and he said, however nonsensically, these verbal tricks are so consistent that they amount to truth in the truth.
In addition to the evasions of the packaging of evasions and falsehoods, by contrast, Condi Rice's fictions also offered in bulk to television viewers to memorialize 9-11, our as Nadia is a David Lynch screenplay.
As by Chris Wallace of Fox News last Sunday, if she and the president had ignored pre-war intelligence that accompanied him through your case, she refused to give up the ghost.
We knew that Zakkawi was running a poisons network in Iraq she insisted and she continued to state again that the work ties between Iraq and Al Qaeda before the war.
Ms. Rice may be a terrific amateur concert pianist but she's even better amateur actress. The Senate Intelligence Committee report released only two days before she spoke dismissed all such ties.
Sodom washered a general order that Iraq should not deal with Al Qaeda, saw both bin Laden and Abu Mishab al-Zarqawi's threats and tried to hunt down Zakkawi when it passed through Baghdad in 2002.
As for that Zakkawi poisons network, depending on the new where it was, wanted to attack in June 2002, but as Jim Mishra Mikhail Shepsky of NBC News reported more than two years ago,
the White House said no, fearing a successful strike against Zakkawi might undercut its case for going to war against Sodom. Zakkawi, meanwhile, escaped.
It was an interview with Ted Kapl for the Discovery Channel, though, that Ms. Rice rose to a whole new level of fictionalizing by wrapping a fresh layer of untruth around her most notorious previous fiction.
And asked about her dire pre-war warning that a smoking gun might come in the form of a mushroom cloud, she said that it wasn't met as hyperbole.
She also rewrote history to imply that she'd been talking broadly about the nexus between terrorism and a nuclear device, in fact they're not specifically Sodom, a rather deaf verbal sleight of hand.
Ms. Rice sets a high bar, but Mr. Bush, competitive as always, was not to be outdone in his oval office address, even the building of his appearance was fiction.
It's not going to be a political speech-stoney snowman, else knowing full well that the 17-minute text was largely,
queasy-narded scraps from other recent political speeches, including those that campaigned fundraisers.
Moldey canards of yours, Sodom was a clear threat, were interspersed with promising newcomers.
Irrac will be a strong ally in the war on terror.
As is often the case, the president was technically truthful. Irrac will be a strong ally in the war on terror, just not necessarily our ally.
As Mr. Bush spoke to the Iraqi Prime Minister, Nuri Al Malayki, was leaving for Iran to jolly up to Makhmoor-Oshman in the jet.
Perhaps the only way to strike back against this fresh, dead-yuge affiction is to call the White House's bluff.
A money net, for example, Mr. Bush, flatly declared that the safety of America depends on the outcome of the battle in the streets of Baghdad.
He once again invoked FDR and Harry Truman, asking you do we have confidence to do in the Middle East what our fathers and grandfathers accomplished in Europe and Asia?
Rather than tune this bluster out as the country now does, let's try a thought experiment.
Let's pretend that everything Mr. Bush said is actually true, and then hold him to his word.
If the safety of America redeepends on the outcome of the battle in the streets of Baghdad, then our safety is in grave peril because we're losing that battle big time.
The security crack done announced with great fan fear by Mr. Bush and Mr. Malayki and June is failing.
Rosie American claims of dramatically falling murder rates are being challenged by the Baghdad morgue.
Perhaps most tellingly, the Pentagon has now stopped including its own tally, the large numbers of victims killed by car bombings and mortar attacks in sectarian warfare.
And that's the good news.
Another large slice of Iraq and bar province almost a third of the country was slipping away so fast and a military official for NBC News last week that 50 to 60,000 additional ground forces were needed to secure it despite our huge sacrifice in two savage battles for F alluja.
The Iraqi troops standing up in an bar were deserting it at a rate of as high as 40%.
Even the most sanguine optimists can't get what conclude were winning John Layman, former Reagan Navy Secretary wrote to the Iraq War last month.
So what do we do next?
Given that the current forces of Fiasco and at the White House demonizes any plan or timetable for eventual withdrawal as cut and run, there's only one immediate alternative.
Add more manpower and fast.
Last week two conservative war supporters William Crystal and Rich Lowell recalled for exactly that, substantially more troops.
These punnets at least had the courage of Mr. Bush's convictions, shouldn't Republicans in Congress as well?
After all, what if the president says it's true about the stakes in Baghdad?
It's tantamount to treason if Bill Frist or Santor Manjhan Vayner failed to rally their parties, congressional majority just stave off the heat there.
We can't emulate our fathers and grandfathers and whip today's Nazis and communists with 145,000 troops.
Roosevelt and Truman would have regarded those troops as defeatism.
The tremble of course is that we don't have any more troops and supporters of the war starting with Mr. Bush don't want to ask American voters to make any sacrifices to provide them.
They don't want to ask because they know the voters will tell them no.
In the end that's the hard truth White House is determined to obscure at least until election day by carpet bombing America with still more fictions about Iraq.
Do you have a little bomb on the floor?
There's a little bomb.
There's a little bomb.
There's a little bomb.
There's a little bomb.
There's a little bomb.
There's a little bomb.
There's a little bomb.
There's a little bomb.
There's a little bomb.
There's a little bomb.
There's a little bomb.
There's a little bomb.
You've got to admit he gave us some classics like that.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
Yeah.
Not too many of that good but quite a few.
Nice going, Mo.
Well we hardly knew you you know and thank God for that.
14-11.
We need 89 in 47 minutes.
That's not even two a minute.
We can do it.
The biggest name of best talents of the business, Neil Rogers, 4th radio 560-2-A-M.
Neil Rogers got new on Fox.
It's the Liberty duet.
You can see your favorite singers are staying together with the hottest celebs from Hollywood.
This week it's Let Us Night.
And the very creepy John Carr.
I'm not much of a singer but it connects total with the great band.
Maybe twist it all over.
It will have much I love it.
No, wait.
Boy.
Also here the sweet sounds of Michael Bolton and the lovely Paris Hilton.
You want me to sing like live?
I don't do that.
No, no, that's my hometown girl you know.
It's the all-new celebrity duet.
Junior next week.
The year Barbara Streisand, Singles Mel Gibson.
Singles with a 10-piece band, Rapwood Fendilla Ice.
Oh, he's not singling at you, bro.
Yo, yo.
14-123 votes in a poll.
We need 77 and they've got 41 minutes.
That's not even two a minute.
This audience can do it.
You see about those babies that died in the ambulance because of those drug mistakes in the hospital?
No.
I think that if I were the parent, anybody who's out there, a parent of a child who's died because they've been in the mistake.
Just bought in the hospital.
Okay.
What do you think?
Oh, look at this trailer trash.
Oh, that's Andy Woods' grandma.
Oh, look at that.
I shouldn't have said that.
I think everybody.
Like I said, oh, trailer trash.
God.
Wow, wow.
Hey, listen, even trailer trash, have a right to exist, but just far away from me, please.
Right.
The trailer part.
Turtle Daniel Smith retired.
Let's see, okay.
Doesn't this have a little oya?
You must have retired.
Senior fellow on military affairs.
Anyway, he said just felling brutality to decay of moral government.
Are we not going to read that?
Yes.
Yes, I am.
So what do you think of the morning show now?
You're warming up to a little bit or what?
Are you talking to Josh?
To both of you, to anybody, and I'm just talking to them.
Look it out the window here.
A little bit of sunshine.
That Kenny, sure, is a nice guy.
You don't like the show that you're not wearing.
I haven't heard it.
I haven't heard it.
Why would I...
Well, you hear the promos.
I ask you that is because the promos sound like less and less of that sports thing.
Like that really cost a victed vokabrine that chicken egg did on them.
I'll write it for you.
But, like they're y'all getting it up and having new...
That's good if I got some of those to the show.
That's not supposed to the show.
Yeah, I hear that that's, you know, 90% of it is still sports, so.
Oh, so in other words, 99% of sports and then they have a clip that they do for the promos to pass away everybody else.
Or at least us.
From what I hear, yeah.
I mean, it might drive to work, yeah.
So what is it that they're doing?
Just sports talk?
Pretty much, yeah.
Another sports show.
I mean, I got a good 45 minute ride into work and that's all I hear.
Are you being negative again?
Oh, I'm never negative.
No, especially if I mentioned the Dan La, what's his name?
Dave Van Boring.
Anyway, can I get back to this article by Colonel Dan Smith?
I'll give Josh off the hook anyway.
We won't have to keep ripping the morning show.
Because I'll only talk about his sports.
Poor Kenny, man, he must feel like he's been hijacked.
Speaking of that, what has said, wait, 12 months after 19 men's tier three hijacked U.S.J. liners
into the World Trade Center in the Pentagon and crushed the fourth in Pennsylvania.
The Bush administration was setting the brutality of Saddam Hussein toward his own people and his neighbors
as the moral justification indeed a moral imperative for forcefully removing him from power.
Unfortunately, for the people of Iraq, regime changing their country has transformed Iraq into the fly paper for terrorists in the heart of the Middle East.
Activist, the Intersectarian brutality that dominates the daily lives of more than a quarter of a Iraq's population
and that strikes randomly throughout the country, it's impossible to see how this moral imperative has made Iraq the region of the world safer and better as the president promised.
If anything, the brutality that's been unleashed in Iraq and Afghanistan is fostering an atmosphere of increased tolerance of brutality around the world,
even in places where full-blown combat's not been the daily paradigm.
And if so often happens, the consequences fall most heavily on those who do not participate in the violence,
but end up the victims of collective punishment.
Nowhere has this been true than in the Occupy Palestinian Territory since the January 25th,
2006 Parliamentary elections.
Tired of years of corrupt and ineffective governance by the Fatah coalition,
Palestinians voted for Hamas candidates returning them in a majority and comparing the right to form the next government,
which took office at the end of March.
The problem is that both the U.S. and Israel regard Hamas as a terror organization and refused to deal with it.
This refusal quickly assumed a programmatic coherence.
Israel, which controls all board of crossing points in Gaza,
whether for people or supplies, it collects taxes for the Palestinian National Authority, the PNA,
and forwards them to Ramallah every month, refused to send them money to the new government on the pretext
that would not be spent for the benefit of Palestinians, but for more weapons and training Hamas forces.
Similarly, the U.S. cut off all financial support to the PNA.
Together, these financial hammers quickly wreaked havoc on the PNA,
which is the largest employer, 40% of Palestinians in a Gaza strip and intern on the innocent trying to survive day to day.
Worse was to come.
The catalyst was an attack on an Israeli outpost along the Egyptian Gaza border,
the latter under Israeli control by Palestinian fighters.
And the attack to Israeli soldiers were killed when was captured.
Actress three days Israeli troops re-entered Gaza sweeping all the way through the towns and camp looking for the captured soldier.
The Hamas-led government, which still refused to affirm explicitly Israel's right to resist,
was powerless to stop the Israeli defense forces, more than 230 Palestinians were killed.
The PNA is also powerless against perspective into the international media line,
like especially in the USA, and in a real sense, this is an even more critical failing as the PNA finds itself
two or more steps behind Israeli interest groups in partisans.
The collapse of the Gaza economy, the outgrowth end of the cutoff tax remittances and foreign assistance,
has led to the disruption of efforts by its pay-cured Palestinians who have been successful professionals in other lands,
returned to Palestine to contribute to the effort to reestablish a viable and healthy economy encompassing both Gaza and the West Bank.
But restrictions on the movement of goods, always a hindrance in the best of times, have been tightened even more.
Edin was holding a vital revenue stream, which means families have no money to buy the few commodities that do get in,
and in short, order economic activity is a dream.
Now, Israel is open to new front that will deepen even further the destitution in Gaza for years,
Israel's exercise the type of informal guest worker visa system that allowed Palestinian entrepreneurs to stay in Gaza
on a renewable three month work visa.
The same rule applied to foreigners in humanitarian aid and non-governmental groups tried to assist the ordinary people.
Under the latest administrative ruling, foreign passport, port holders, even those of Palestinian ancestry,
can only get in a single three month tour of visa in any 12 month period.
Any additional visas in that 12 month period will be valid for one week only.
A few additional one month renewals may be possible for some businessmen, but it's not guaranteed even when their homes and families are in Gaza.
Truly, this must be one of the most short-sighted decisions in the whole modern history of Israel,
one that runs counter to efforts to go beyond treating symptoms to tackle root causes of terror.
A primary non-military objective of the Bush administration's war on terrorists to eliminate what the White House regards as the seedbed of terror,
the Madras schools financed by the wealthy Muslims and attended by young boys,
whose parents cannot afford any other education for their sons or bioter youngsters who can't find work.
All these schools teach as a Korean word-for-word mastery of the entire scripture and the more important as determined by the Madras' headmaster
interpretations of the meaning of various verses.
While such a regimen may have some benefits for family and society, if this is the extent of the education received by the majority of young men and Islamic dominated countries,
they will not be equipped to compete in the workforce and contribute to improving their country or region.
In areas such as Gaza where the public education infrastructure has been so badly damaged by the armed struggle,
one option that can help overcome limitations of the Madras' by supplementing Islamic religious education
is the foreign finance schools that teach the basic skills that serve as a foundation for any number of important occasions.
But in Gaza these schools, including one in Ramallah administered by the Society of Friends, are being threatened by the new three months to one week policy visa.
When their English speaking staff and teachers has to leave Gaza, when their initial three months towards visa expires, they could simply be denied a reentry visa,
or be given a one week visa by the Israeli military which controls who enters and who leaves Gaza.
On the broader scope of the Middle East, Israel's visa policy will simply reinforce the perception that Tel Aviv has no intention of allowing a viable Palestinian state to form.
This week Hamas agreed to form a new national unity government with Fattakh and to invest Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas with full authority
to negotiate with Israel and represent the interests of Palestinians in any peace talks.
The working platform of the unity government does affirm the two-state solution, implicitly recognizing the existence of the state of Israel,
even though Hamas' organization still retains its opposition to Israel.
Whether this will be enough to ease the restrictions on visas that are brutally strungly in both the educational and economic prospects of Palestinians remains to be seen.
The current government Tel Aviv has certainly made egregious missteps in its relationships with the PA and with Lebanon to the north since coming into power to start of this year.
Unlike George Bush, its only strategy is more of the same, state of course.
The Palestinian unity government itself faces the challenge of reigning in the various armed factions operating in occupied territories and turning away from the brutality of constant warfare.
To the extent that the PNA can get control of the violence, it will be able to demonstrate that the harshest rate of tactics including the short visas are unnecessary, punitive and destructive, not only of the chances for an economically vibrant PNA, but the bonds of family and communal life that are the basis of moral government.
Well, you know those caliphate.
Oh, they should have died of hunger. That's right.
1440, man, 1440, that was pretty good year, I guess.
Well, I don't know. Columbus was just still thinking about it.
143 Emmys, we need 60 and 33 minutes. That's about still about that same ratio. I mean, I want to make it real hairy today, you know.
The good news is I've got my clothes on, I'm going to go pull my shoes on.
The biggest name, the best challenge to the business, the Unrotresses, 420560, the U.A.
Just to make life, are we all never-ending tests? It's a test.
34, 26, still, too. I'll tell you one thing, man, I feel great today.
Do you?
No, we owe a high, if you've been ill in for a little bit.
Oh, yeah, I could dare to, and then all of a sudden it goes away.
I feel sincere. I'm ready to go over there with like a quarter of a million bucks.
Do it.
Maybe I'll tell you what they call it, megabucks.
All right, we're to jackpots. I talked to about 1.8 million now.
I mean, you got a trineman chance in health, I've played in a lot, oh, yeah.
Maybe I'll win a megabucks today and send you guys YouTube about 20 bucks.
Okay, I'll take it.
Leaders, and I see a giant seed take it because I'll show him, I'll give you water for that.
Let's say.
Well, yeah, in Palmetto, no less.
I think that's in your brand, a new shopping mall here they got.
In fact, yeah, you two value routes to yesterday because we had a store, wasn't in Bartow?
Something from Bartow, some jackass, some redneck, some trailer track.
But nonetheless, this is under the category of the more things change, the more they stay to stay.
Which is South Florida, of course.
Never got a change.
Leaders of a Cuban Exile group, this is from yesterday.
Yesterday, the announced a Miami-Hirl investigation that found that at least 10 South Florida journalists
regularly received US government pay for hosting shows or appearing on TV and audio marty.
At least September 8th report lifted this missile of 2L and Waveau Herald reporters in one freelance writer.
By the way, I have my shoes on.
Who hosted shows for the government broadcast and were also working for the Spanish language daily.
It also caused more than 1200 subscribers to the Miami Herald and the El Nuevo Herald to cancel their subscriptions.
Oh my god.
How do you like that?
Boy, poor babies.
And the day since the articles come under fire on local Spanish radio, no.
Today, the Cuban Liberty Council gathered at the Versailles Restaurant in Little Havana, calling the article erroneous and deceiving and discriminatory against the Cuban community.
We reject the...
Have an eye, but tell you this for years, that the Herald goes out of the way to try to pander and...
Oh yeah.
And the Cuban community hates them like boys and not even more than they ever did before.
We reject the efforts of the Miami Herald.
The silence or voice in Cuba, remedios de azolabra, said in esponule.
These journalists were professional ethical labor, they brought their voices to TV and radio in an objective manner.
He Zeus de azdunia, the publisher of both papers, Harold and El Herald, said in letter to readers published in Somedays, Miami Herald.
That the newspaper's editorial pages have long supported radio and TV marty, but that he approved the dismissals of three writers because, as the publisher of these newspapers, I'm deeply committed to these separation between government and a free press.
The publisher added that the three violated the company's conflict of interest rules, policies that all newsroom employees acknowledge.
Radio and TV marty, our US government programs created a promote democracy in freedom in Cuba. Yeah, right.
Their program and county broadcasts within the US because of anti-propaganda rules.
Anti-propaganda rules, I guess, Fox News must be exempt, huh?
I reckon.
Radio and TV marty's own rules require full-time employees to get permission from the government before freelancing for private entities.
But de azdunia, the article did irreparable damage to the journalists that cited into the movement for a free and independent Cuba.
Now we want to know, what does the Herald plan to do to prove that these journalists did not accept wrongful payments from the US government, she said?
Horatio Garcia, who directs the Consul's executive committee, echoed the sentiment.
They may have power and money, but we have patriotism and dignity.
He said, we will not allow themselves to demoralize the Cuban exor out community, gross exilios.
I'm exhilarated to just think about it.
Not because I'm all crazy about the green teeth exilios, because anybody that hates the Herald is okay in our book, right?
Yeah.
Screw the Herald.
Come on, stop.
Yeah, that's right. That's me.
Madi Cohen, come in here.
Oh, I see.
Well, me too.
Oh, here's Jim Malch, international security analyst. What's he saying?
The security agency does have a set of outstanding issues with Iran.
And once you're on to be more forthcoming, the president says they are forthcoming and they're in favor of transparency.
So there's a disconnect there.
Yeah, disconnect this.
1463, we got 22 minutes for 37 votes.
A few people leaned on it and manked and twisted and pulled it.
Something good might happen, but I doubt it.
The department, not that we live in a Nazi country, understand, like Maureen Douds, they'd be very careful about using that inward.
The department of commerce attempted to block a government scientist from discussing the impact of global warming on hurricanes according to a series of emails obtained by raw story.
We got that on our website, I'm sure today.
In fact, we actually think the emails are part of the story.
Are they on there, Josh?
Okay.
Yeah.
Whatever you say.
If I say to the story, it's on.
And the documents of requests from CNBCs on the money for an appearance by National Oceanic and atmospheric association scientist Tom Newton was for some reason forwarded to the press of their office for the year.
The US Department of Commerce and answered by Chuck Fuqua, who was previously the don't touch it, who was previously the 2004 Republican National Convention Director of Media Operations.
Mr. Fuqua responded by asking Noah what Mr. Newton's stance on global warming's impact on hurricanes was specifically asking if was consistent with that of two scientists to a plan that there is no impact on hurricanes from global warming.
What word did you say after Fuqua?
After being informed that Newton believed that global warming would lead to a very small increase in hurricane intensity that wouldn't be felt for nearly a century, Fuqua requested one of the other guys be sent.
At that point, communication between Fuqua and Noah was suspended.
Newton told the Wall Street Journal earlier this year they believed he had been censored at times by the Bush administration for his views on global warming and hurricanes.
In other words, you can't tell the truth because it's not good for our buddies and big businessmen, they ain't going to be happy about that.
You jackass.
So all those stories about the melting Arctic and all that other stuff about the Northwest passage and the Northeast passage.
You know, forget about it.
It's depressing.
It's true, but it's depressing.
20 til-
That's all too.
Oh, I just had a piece of cheese.
Man, wash it down.
Or wash it out.
Wash what out.
The cheese, man.
Wreck them.
Well, 1467, we need 33 votes in 20 minutes.
Can he do it?
The biggest name.
The best talent.
The best is wheel-rotters.
Force radio 560.
SUA.
They have on the World Trade Center.
Nothing?
Wait a minute, hold on.
That was my bad.
What did a rack have to do with what?
They have on the World Trade Center.
Nothing?
Okay, is that better?
Much thanks.
I'm a little off my feet because I'm trying to figure it out.
What's the story of an Atlance break?
I love your feet.
I'm a little off my feet.
I'm sniffing my feet after hearing an Atlance.
So, what about feet?
Huh?
What you're telling me is that those drop-ins, those promos that we're hearing
that they're like a tease to pretend like our morning show is a morning show.
As opposed to a sports show?
That's no what I'm telling you.
That's what Josh was telling us.
Music
Leads the leader of the free world and he's watching my back.
Judges are Liz God because of all the attacks.
Each time we see him, he's got that kick-butt sound.
Going at me, he will do what's from the air and the ground.
Come present and watch him and I'll solve the fact.
And it's good to know.
I don't have any interest.
How about Sipilus?
That attacks the brain.
Well, round the old home, this is the end of the night.
There's these hundred-downs come in their case and they crack.
Each time we hear him, he guarantees all the wind.
I'm gonna kill the terrorists that will start with me ladding them.
Young President Bush, he'll be on the ground.
And it's good to know.
I don't have any interest.
Welcome.
Well, he will be where, because you can't cover your tracks.
You're gonna find your grenades and your gunny sack.
Each time we see George, he's got that kick-butt sound.
Going at me, he will do what's from the air and the ground.
Young President Bush, he'll be on the ground.
And it's good to know.
I don't have any interest.
On guess what investigation may be turning into a cold case.
Amstrak.
Oh.
Three years ago FBI agents slogged through the woods to a fishing pond in suburban Maryland
where they hoped to find a hidden lab equipment used in the 2001 anthrax with taxed blood.
They pumped upon dry, even sifted through the mud of the bottom and guess what they found.
Nothing?
Right.
Good guess.
1482, by the way.
Ten years before Christopher Columbus saluted Manhattan and ate Delhi for the first time.
We need 18 votes in the 12 minutes.
And that of course is because we got Roger Sharma coming up in honor of Columbus.
Five years, 53,000 leads and 6,000 subpoenas after those attacks and they still have no arrest in the Amstrak case.
Things are so cool, law enforcement officials tell CBS News that barring the discovery of new evidence
the anthrax investigation will be declared a cold case and put in the inactive files.
Former Attorney General John Ascroft, you recall once in a lot poor doctor Stephen Hatville,
remember him, a bio weapons specialist, is a person of interest.
No charges with a guy lost a job and they ruined his life.
Nice job.
Nice work, John Ascroft.
Go cover up some more statues and get lost.
1482, do I dare refresh it again?
Oh, man, refreshing.
1483.
That's not going to cut it.
Now listen, don't be letting this down.
I don't want to start playing bush boss, but we need 17 votes in 12 minutes.
It should be easy, shouldn't it?
Should be having voted yet on the poll today, who you don't want to see crook yet.
Venezuela, president Hugo Chavez, blasted president Bush as L.D. Yablo on the floor of the Wayne General Assembly.
Today it's the exit to the US president should seek psychiatric help.
You know, I hate to say it, but I think he's honest.
Yeah.
In both cases.
The devil came here yesterday, Chavez said he came here talking as if he were the owner of the world.
We need a psychologist to analyze Bush, he said.
He appealed to the people of the US and the world of health this threat, which is like a sword hanging over our heads.
At the start of his address, he held up a book written by Harvard professor Noam Chomsky called Hegemony and Survival.
Jesus, God.
Hegemony and Survival.
Well, you know that Noam, he likes big words.
This book says the about the imperialist strategy of the US, which is the greatest threat looming over our planet, Chavez said.
I think he's got a couple of points in it.
Noam Chomsky, man.
1483 refers to it again.
Let's get some of that Hegemony.
Is that what you get when you invest in the Hegemony?
Of course.
Hegemony?
1490.
Oh, we need 10 votes and 10 minutes.
That's only one minute.
Even across the street, they could do that in a couple hours.
Good 10 votes.
1492.
I knew it.
Did you know we get to 1492?
Columbus held the ocean blue.
When Columbus held across the lake on Terrio de Toronto and said, goalie, sco, and they did.
Right on this doorstep.
A new report on the political corruption Washington offers exhaustive documentation.
This just in from raw story of the unethical and possibly illegal activities of 25 of the most tainted members of Congress.
And guess who one of them is?
I'll give you all of them, but guess who won? Well, at least the ones who got in this story.
Her pain is mainly in the rain.
Oh, another hurt.
And make crack in Spain.
Five of the names on list fairly under federal investigation center, Conrad Burns of Montana, Bill Fist of Tennessee, a real crook.
Representatives Jerry Lewis of California, no laughing matter.
William Jefferson, Louisiana, and Alan Monahan of West Virginia.
Three Republicans are in two Democrats.
Others have come under scrutiny for the ethical lapses involving campaign contributions,
conflicts of interest in proper relationships with lobbyists, and figures to meet disclosure requirements.
Refresh that thing one more time before we...
Let's see.
Oh, I just saw Anderson Pupor on a 1499.
The next person will be the 1500th anniversary.
I'll give you a big QAM prize.
Not.
Beyond delay, the 20 most corrupt members of Congress is the second annual report for the nonprofit legal watchdog group citizens for responsible and ethics in Washington crew.
An associated website, Beyond delay, offers both summary and detailed versions of cruise analyzation of all the transgressions of all 25.
It'll be on our website.
A majority of those listed are Republicans, several of whom have been linked to Jack Abramoff and Duke Cunningham scandals, as well as those cited being under investigation.
The 20 includes a high profile names and Senator Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania.
Good to work.
Representatives who are blood of Missouri, John Doe, Little of California, Tom Fini of Florida, Catherine Harris of Florida.
How is that playing Katie?
Huh?
I'll tell you one thing if she's on it.
She's all alone because everybody abandoned that pitch.
Richard Pombo, California, Pete Sessions of Texas, John Swinney of New York, and Kurt Waldo of Pennsylvania.
Representatives Chris Cannon of Utah, and JD Hayworth of Arizona, among the dishonorable mentions.
The most prominent name under the honorable mention list is Speaker of the House, Denny Hasdard, said it for a questionable real estate deals in which he year marked highway construction money to increase the value of land he owned.
All right. Now let me just ask you this.
Okay.
That spot that Eddie Kay didn't come in to do.
Okay.
Is that going to run recorded?
I mean, in other words, what I'm trying to find out is how long this break is going to be?
Uh, no, I guess I'm going to have to describe that.
What do you mean by that?
It's probably a mistake.
No, it's not a mistake.
It's 440. It's, uh, it's, uh, in there.
You can't run it.
How do you know it's 440?
Because they, because they ran earlier.
I already told you that this morning, but you were busy sticking your finger up your nose.
It's 440, am I right?
If I got a good memory of you.
You're honest as one of, what is this man?
Well, we don't want to lose this spot.
They love the chop talk.
We know why they love shop talk, man.
They love, uh, shop and they love talk.
And they're going to love it when this thing refreshed by itself.
And we got, uh, but we did it 1512.
Oh, you're a history book.
George, what happened in 1512?
I heard that Columbus still got into some bad grits in Mexico and had wild diarrhea.
It's a ridiculous name.
So best talent for this is the Orochers.
It's 20560.
The Orochers are a sports-hole radio.
W-A-L-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T-I-T
And I really mean all those blossoms I've met at them and it's 16. You felt them and it's 16. What did he say?
It makes those blossoms so angry and at that weight maybe it's because he's from Germany or
He dies a shoot in the middle of the night he's been in 16. Not their protestin' in Germany they're all going insane
It's a protestin' no harm and they say that's both deep pain all over the middle east they're burning up with jeez
All those blossoms I've met at them and it's 16. All those blossoms I've met at them and it's 16.
Bye bye bye!
