10-1-560 WQM Kenny Lay is dead. All right, man. That's some of the best news
I've ever heard all of the people all those poor bastards who lost their life savings all their pensions
They have like a reunion let them all get together and stop on his grave. Well, I said something else yesterday
But that's good too. What have their way with his bodies that what you're saying? No, no, I don't get it
They want to not stop on his grave. Oh P on his grave. Yeah, or even a squadron is good. Maybe like that
I see just like you're gonna go and do on clearance is desca be ever comes in our studio again while I'm in here
Now we don't want to talk to you clearance. Just go away get the message. It's not gonna change not next week not a four weeks from
Fourth of July not 85 weeks from next took us or tissue above just go to hell away
Enron founder Kenny lay dead boy. This was some of the best news. Maybe there is a god
Oh, God, huh? It was great. Oh, there's Kim drawing eel clapping his hands now
They're saying oh, he's not gonna have a lot no more missiles. So yesterday was like but a beat
But a group he's gonna launch another big one. It's gonna go up for about five feet and then fall in this
Oh, yeah, in the sea of Japan
I got a movie that everyone must see in fact you'll have it in your hand before the day is out today
And we eat called why we fight a film by Eugene Jurekki and
I'm gonna give one of those a little I like Ike bumper stickers. I think now because you know
He even though he was kind of a
Dollar at best and least he saw through that course. He was part of the military and you already showed that clip a couple weeks ago
Actually during his little blurb there
I didn't know that clip is in the beginning of the movie and before the movie starts and then again
The end of the movie where he warns about the military industrial establishment and yada yada yada
The world is a business Mr. B.O. And that's the business of the war that's the biggest business of all that war machine
Mon they got to keep cranking up that war machine because that's where all the big bucks are
Anyway, so you'll have this everybody must go out there and get this on DVD why we fight and you'll be most amused to see her
John McCain before he lost his religion
Maybe he was listening to R.E.A. me lost his religion
Because he says all the right things on here and this was made last year. I do believe 2005
I think it's not here before they got to him. Yeah, this is the grand jury prize winner the 2005 Sundance film festival why we fight and
Unflinching look at the anatomy of American war making it's it's so good
It's scary. Okay, it'll make you just to sit there glued transvest it's even better than of course
Why do we have to compare I read the reviews at IMDB and this gets 8.2 stars and deserves 20 point two out of five
But why do we have to compare there was nothing wrong with the Furnheim 9.11?
It was great in its own way
And you know had its own way of Michael Moore has his way of doing it and this is in its own way does just as well
Because that's what people do. I'm also sending you out Fox
One of a series of movies by what's his name?
Robert Greenwald outfossed with a Mordax War and journalism
This will you know, of course most of us don't watch Fox thank God
But this will just frost your ass when you'll have this tomorrow. You're gonna be mighty busy
Yes, I will you'll have the whole four or the four pack of the Robert Greenwald documentaries about
The whole truth about it the Iraqi war that one
I'm not that excited about because it's pretty much a rehash of stuff that we've already seen a million times
But it's it's worth seeing but these other two why we fight an out Fox man will frost your
Agriass some time you right now almost as ugly as Kevin Bacon's ass
I wish he would stop showing it hey Kevin you're getting old and then asked you and you got pimples on your butt
Nobody wants to see it no more. I saw what's the halloman? Yeah, which got some crappy reviews and I am the being
I don't know why there's not a damn thing wrong with it. It's just fine. It was all right
It's a good science fiction movie. It's got fabulous special effects and what's your name is in it? What's your name a little bit?
Was it a shoe and they dropped the other shoe and
The Kevin Bacon and they both kind of run around naked a little bit
You see some boobies and Kevin's ugly pimply nasty ass that he wants to keep before forcing that on the viewing audience
We don't see your ass Kevin. See as a turtle organs to be well speaking of that as opposed to the extra to the organs
Kenny lay now actually you do see well, I'm not really sure what that is not I want to find out
All of the way he was out of the way he was and where he was like coming out of the shower and hang it hanging
While things maybe was that it was that it well, he was it it. Oh, there's a lot of nudity so that must be it
Kenny lay is dead the former chief executive of N Ron whose company collapsed in 2001 ultimately came to symbolize an era of rampant corporate fraud
died early yesterday morning an aspirin Colorado all we can say is
WQ a m. Hello
Uh-huh the co you're you're right. You're right about that one
We will give the numbers out again today. I heard that you give the number out yesterday
Yeah, now we're not gonna have another concert with that retard on the air or or that retard either
The cause of death was believed to be a heart attack
Maybe he was anticipating and palpitating the role was gonna have one a stuff his ass in a slamer
I think he was worried that there was gonna be a lot of stuffing going on. I wasn't even Thanksgiving
All the people that he and Jeff is killing and all those other
Goiam and of course remember Kenny boy lay he was good buddies with your president with president Dufus
Uh-huh, we that evil lure with the butcher of DC
That's what I'm gonna refer to him from here on in the butcher of DC all that blood on his hands man
All these innocent people dying all the carnage the pathetic tragic stuff going on
But it just a bunch of numbers on a piece of paper somewhere
2523 20 father whatever it is, you know as if we're just talking about numbers on a piece of like I said paper
Very sad, you know speaking numbers on a piece of paper
We got the Marlon pregame at 12 30 to Marlon to the Washington Crap
They meet the crap out of the crap was yesterday 18 to what was it 18 to start 18 to 9?
18 to what guy oh
Marlon's got what eight runs in one thing just it did I mean it was 18 to something at one point faster
You can say God is this boring not as boring as the World Cup though man. Oh man talk about one one kind of you know
How much of what kind of excitement there is in the World Cup in that soccer? Niel
Yeah, that's what you're anyway, so set us in what I said here anyway. No anyway anywhere on Europe
Well, it's a crazy people and there are a whole bunch of crazy people there too
The Italians when this goes nuts
Who the hell long yesterday? Oh the French I've actually my throughout I haven't a field they all in frogs
It probably a poor and Pepsi on each other
We got 813 votes already on today's pool and I'm surprised that George yesterday. I guess Eric
George reports that Eric has been screwing him over real bad this weekend has been getting a pull on there to
And the timely fashion. Yeah, that's all right. I'm not gonna get a more than the yesterday as well
No yesterday he was there bright early. Well, it doesn't show up on your pool because you only had 764 votes
We got 817 already and that's because you don't do it right no idea. Don't start it tonight before like I do
Yeah, it's called the near Roger's head start program
But I'm surprised you didn't put soccer on here because yeah
And we were talking about it supposed to be what the whole world is on their seats and there's nothing going on
There is nothing going on
Nothing zip any do die even my close personal friend Christiana Ronaldo didn't do squat yesterday
He may have squatted a little bit but he didn't do nothing for really portagacy
France won Portugal nothing
Wow Portugal Neil excuse me and it was on a penalty kick no less my favorite is when they were you know
It's one thing in hockey a guy get a breakaway and you go in and he'll shoot you know a foot wide
Missed in it, but these guys they don't miss by a foot
You know, I mean they kick it like 30 yards over the top of the net high and wide
I mean not even close and if anybody kicks the ball like within 20 yards of the of the goal
You know I was like oh, you're like a wonderful chance
I still love that I forget what team you play for but there's a there is a one of the players his name was
Kakah who played in a World Cup. Yes, and the British announcer being the stuffy Brit that he is he refused to say that
So he's called him Kakah Kakah as opposed to Kakah without Kakah. Yeah
Man how about Kakah moon so anyway George took this pool yesterday and we got that pregame show coming up into 12 30 the marlins in the
Nance I can't wait for that and is that the final game in the series? That's right
That's one the first game I believe
I'm I'm gonna do this is a full game. That's right. So this is a well
It's rubber only in a chance. They got an opportunity to tie the series correct after dropping two or three of the bow stocks and falling 10 games under 500
They've been absolutely now you know how many games under 500 the marlins are yeah, that's it
Even I know that after that thrashing they put me yesterday
Magdog follows the marlins game that about that whenever and then courtesy seven eighty k ten no gildey day
We'll be back tomorrow though to aggravate you got that very jackass column see unfortunately the new gm
Just like his predecessor following in the footsteps if you really want a little information about what's going on to station
Read very jackass in a herald. He might give you a little bit of you know
In full, but he gives the real important stuff to very jackass
So we got Kenny Walker from a while a hundred going to be doing the mornings and they're gonna push Hank back in the afternoons
Just do it hopper. Okay. Just cooperate for once in your life stop being a fatal hard ass
And then then you'll have a lot of marlin games that'll preempt the end of your show
They can look forward to how you hear what he said there at the end of the show
I mean when he did afternoons he used to look forward to those early days like yeah, you know like yeah tomorrow for example
As a marlin pregame at six thirty five so magdogs got a two and a half hour show
We'd like to have a scam like that where we only had to work a little bit every once in a while
Wouldn't that be great that would be Georgia as yesterday. What's the silliest sport?
Competitive eating then that's not a sport. Hey, oh, they beg to differ. Yes, they do
Well, okay, well, if that's the case how can we put a poker on here?
We almost did but they're they don't consider themselves athletes the poker players but the eaters do
764 votes and competitive eating got more than half 395 52% curling that got my vote
170 that's a holdover from the British uh the British Empire's impact on Canada
They have to be silly eight so a curling is it just pathetic 170 auto racing 49. What's silly about that?
That's silly. It's scary
Okay 38 cricket 23 wrestling 17. I don't think the rest of me is all that silly the people watch it other ones who are silly
Badminton 17 where they play with a shuttle
That's right. What don't say it water polo 12 darts 10 well, what is darts is a sport? Sure is on the end
Professional league kickball eight scrum eight
What is that there to take that off of there? It's it's something that happened for scrum is an event within a sport
That's right and that's all there and eight people voted for to share our goodness a crowd is lose
Seven but your losers get involved in that
Sumo wrestling five and lacrosse five. Yeah, that's silly. They were they were
It would be like in football if you could just hold the ball in your hand and then nobody would touch you need to run up to
The goal and then just throw the ball into the end zone. I just bizarre
Yeah, we're like in hockey if you can just skate down the ice and hold the puck in your hand and just throw it in the net
Across really silly stuff. So that's where I just put yesterday
Did not put soccer under because we don't want to offend all you idiots out there to all whipped up in the world
It's Italy against France now man Italy in Francia
Italy that's busy fixing all of their matches is usual because everything in Italy is you know, somebody gets smeared for his fixed
And France who they we hate them like poison
Not for any particular reason but just in general. Don't we always hate to French eyeshirts. Yes, we do this. They're all disgusting
Oh, man, they do smell bad 835 votes on my prestige is pulled today
We're gonna make a thousand before the pregame show. How do you like that? That exciting?
Mark it down those of you keep track also not only what no one must you see why we fight
But if there's anybody out there got one of the old blackberries like I do the best thing that ever happened to me is when I lost my old blackberry
Skippel Airport because it forced me to get the new one the 8700 and this thing
It's like the difference between having a model T Ford and a 2006 Corvette
That's the difference this thing is beautiful man full color
You go online and stuff downloads like almost instantly. It's just it's an if plus it's not is
It's a little bit smaller. Yeah, but that one was kind of big and slimy kind of
1014 at 560 wq a m for years now
I've told you about a great place to have a fantastic dining experience the melting pot
Foundo restaurants if you haven't been in the pot for a little while now's the time to go back
It's a full four-course dining experience not just another meal
They start you out with every now and cheese fondue served with three different breads granny Smith apples and crisp veggies
Next comes your choice to lively salads and I'm for this include a combination of lobster filet menu on shrimp
Oh, I'm sorry filet menu on see it
Cajun season season the chicken pork duck portabello mushrooms and lots more cooked and roller broth
Who the hell is Kenny Walker anyway?
And don't forget the melty pots homemade dipping sauces. They mean to make the fondue experience fun
And here's the clincher man when you get to dessert that's when you start
Drulling all over the place talked off with the meal with your famous chocolate fondue dessert with fresh strawberries
Banana's pineapple dip and duck all your fruits in there plus cheesecake brownies and tasty marshmallows rolled in crushed Oreos
Or graham crackers for dipping you'll be dipping and dunking and smiling and just having an farting having a great time
Only at the melting pot and you'll find a pot all over town. There's got to be one nearby
You tell me a Roger sent you by when you stop into the pot in Fort Lauderdale Kendall Boker retone Cooper City North Miami Beach and of course
How could we forget Coral Springs
This is meal Roger
This is 5.62.8
Our David's a bitch
That's one picture
I would say that I'm not gonna say that
And ladies all kinds of making
Oh
1019 like you said she's old meat
855 votes on the pool today and we'll make that thousand before I bet you by 1130 will have a thousand
What do you think possible? That's pretty exciting
Which of these would you who are who these would you not vote for for present the reason I was inspired to do this pool
It's cause Mitt Romney the Republican governor of Massachusetts who's a Mormon
He's his name is gets tossed around he wants to be president
But then again, isn't everybody want to be president?
Yes, I'd like to even clearance and Robert Grieper would like to be president
Not on the United States. Oh, yes, but anyway Mitt Romney and then so they took a pool nationwide a third of America said
We would not vote for a Mormon for president. I don't know why what do they ever do to you?
I don't know how long our pool Mormons are dead last only four people out of 855
Four tenths of one percent nation-wide is 32 percent see our crowd. We like the Mormons
They they dress real nice and neat with all of they do have that magic underwear
They're my kid a little gamey after a while they watch but
I'm do they they were trying to the light all over the place. Oh is that it?
But anyway, they have them not all the guys they have to come up on a bicycle with a nice white shirts and the ties
You know and do they smell good and they
V either occasionally once there were a couple of weeks and they're you know
They don't bother you that much
I never had any Mormons come to my house and bother me. Are we sure?
Yeah, in fact, I'm thinking I'm wishing some of them would have I'll put put your list as opposed to those
Your home is witnesses who are real pain in the grass
But anyway, so the pool is which of these would you not vote for for president the last chance you vote for 855 votes
Born again Christian 282
Republican 207 what about a Republican who also is a born again Christian? Oh
Like blood on his hands W
Scientologist 104 I guess sorry Tommy. Hey Tommy
You fairy Muslim 90 her eight. I don't think Muslims have too bit of a shot right now
Maybe once upon a time. I don't think so. I'm not no
Not a present ever. I hate this pool only 45. That's not too bad. I don't vote 29
Well, you know something anybody that goes on our pollances. I don't vote. I'm glad that you don't vote
Yeah, they go to the poll lack 22
22 people wouldn't vote for a black for president
And I've really changed my whole attitude about Barack Obama not because of the color of his skin
But because of his whole altitude and he's taken on this goody two shoes religious phony ballooning he's strictly another
Smelly politician just like Hillary. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. How'd you like to get this
Downed rack from the stench of those two for Barack Obama and slurry anyway 22 people 2.5% wouldn't vote for a black very nice
For a woman 17 how about a black woman like Condoleezer
Gay 14 how about a gay for governor like Charlie Christ Christ
Democrat 13 one and a half percent of this audience wouldn't vote for Democrat air. We know who you are
You're all sleeping with Bill O'Reilly a Jew 13 now that's one and a half percent wouldn't vote for a Jew
Now what I take about that Jew Lieberman who's got his own problems. Thank God. What about him?
Yeah, he's different if he wouldn't have been on that ticket in 2000 man
They wouldn't have been able to fix the election outgore what a one hands down your pants
Atheist nine. Oh, yeah, we got to have a godfaring president like the one we got now who makes damn sure that no innocent people die and
Mormon only for
863 don't forget the name of this DVD. I want you to go out and read it by its steal it why we fight a film by Eugene Jurekki
These are all the answers that you're looking for and even if you're not looking for them
We still want to force you to watch it where we given these away on our website or doing something about it
By the way, we got 297 friends on it the nifty
My space page your space. Yes my space calm slash Neil God. I mean
Thanks forward and I'm sorry. Confused now full on flash just that plan. No, it's not a slash
It's a slash is it yes because it's not it's a slash because if it were backslash it would be backslash trust me well anyway
How did I get confused on that I wonder once the time before my sonility said and I actually knew the difference
I wouldn't quite like about 10 days ago
297 friends are on our my page. I think that's all we're gonna get and some of them look like humans some of my yeah look kind of interesting
Although we don't want that guy. I don't want him to bring me food up here. Okay
That was when you told me about that email so typical
So typical it's like poor acid who go to this horrible, you know in the in his final days
Going through a horrendous exit from the planet and you know
He made the mistake of writing on his blog one day that he in the way his wife were gonna actually make an outing somewhere to some park for a while
And so he's idiots. They go there in a bug and they show up and oh Bob. We know you're not feeling well
Go away. Okay. That holds you to clearance. Just go away all these people out there
These these groupies man. These these klingons can't stand it
Anyway, very jackass last Friday. I'm really disappointed didn't Josh you this story?
I'm sure Josh scholars they heard every day. Oh, yeah, George didn't see it. Oh don't tell me you're eating food already
10 9.30 yet. I'm surprised that we're waiting this late. What what do you got? How is that you know it?
Bacon. Yeah, I knew I could tell by the time you wouldn't be doing the bread right now. You'll be doing bread later
Broadcast changes in the works of QM rights very jackass major league baseball and Fox
We don't care about major league baseball or Fox how do you like that except for Fox news which we hate like poison
Which they would all die? That's another movie you should get out Fox through from Redox war and journalism
It'll really frost your ass as if we don't already know about that
But you see a lot of the dumb those shut-in housewives that watch that crap they watch or early watch filler rally
They don't know the difference. They're too stupid to understand what they've been had with a bunch of lies and crap
Anyway very jackass rights wqa and though nothing is said they've been discussed
If I'm moving Hank Goldberg from mornings back to late afternoons
I move the hinges on Goldberg agreeing to it. I don't know if I want to do that Goldberg who moved the mornings in January
2005 said last Thursday. That's what we go today if I were going to do that it would have to be a mutual decision
Maybe even ship by Hank off the mutual
What did for Larry King made him a big star?
Previous wq and management key Goldberg
Bulberg more money to work mornings than he would have received him in the afternoon
He declined to discuss how he'd be impacted financially by returning to afternoons
But that would have to be a consideration in his decision back to the afternoon
Humber with the crack to make way for a potential Goldberg shift to afternoons
Jim Maddy to works four to seven pm already is given his blessing to the station to move him to the two to five slot
Pairing Maddy's in Goldberg in the four to five hour makes sense and looms as an option
And that's because it was my idea very you idiot. Hey Barry you fairy
Goldberg would work alone from five to seven at a scenario and five to six thirty when we have pregame marlin
Show us pregame a panther shows all of these
All of these things
QA wants to move madness back to his old two pms slot because it's been losing most of me arrived your sizable audience
When he signs signs up. I can't believe very actually wrote that he probably bit his tongue so hard he had a little bit
Was bleeding maybe somebody had a gun to his head in the most recent ratings book covering January through March several fillin host
Generated a zero point oh point seven rating from two to four pm compared to one point thirty five for the tickets to boogs
Shambi oh one point thirty five wow more Howard David it was contract wasn't renewed
QM two to four pms slots January thirteen and by the way
Barry he had a one his last two trends last two months man
Just I better do the break head and I we we can't monkey around today. We got that Marlon game
We got the right five minute breaks actually I don't want the audience to get nervous because the breaks aren't any longer than usual
But we got like 500 units and every break so it seems like they're a lot longer
So psychologically it's just another way turning the audience off nice going Chris
We don't want to blame him for it. Do we?
Don't think it's his fault like I said nice going clearance good for crisp area
Hey, if you love the finer things in life then I guarantee you love Stogies my name is quit essential cigar shop in
Candle of all places god. What's what's not to like about candle with South Florida's largest selection of cigar
Stogies of candle. They sure to have all your favorites
Stogies got over a thousand open boxes of cigars to choose from a clean artura Fuente
Padrone Monte Cristo Romeo and Juliette and lots more including a large selection of premium cigars
A close-out prancense as well as obscure and hard to find brands that you can't find no place else
Come in the Stogies today enjoy a smooth smoke in their wine lounge featuring some of the finest boutique wines from all over the world
And be sure to join Stogies tomorrow and every Friday for their wine tasting from five until eight in the p.m
Featuring some of the most delicious bordeaux that France has to offer that's France
It's in the finals of the world cup against it. Tanya on Sunday. Aren't you excited? No
You'll find Stogies in one 16 12 North Kindle drive they're open every day seven days week you call to reserve a box your favorite cigars
By calling 305 598
9820 be sure and tell them at neoforded to call and when you stop into the shop say hi to marry on a girl
Sandra and yoni and get a free cigar that they just for saying hello that Stogies in Kindle to one 16 12 North Kindle drive call
And 305 598 9820
This is a middle Roger
This is 5.62.8
They play like men and they look like women
Tonight it's George Bush on queer eyes with a straight guy. All right. Let's have a little coming out party
I'm coming out. She gets this phenomenon. So who's your new lover? My predecessor president Clinton. Oh my god
He is sensitive. Oh he just hugged me. He said everybody loves you and so do I he'd love you
We like you love when you're on
You're on
You look like pot pick a happy day. Yeah
Have you thought about modeling not only once but twice?
You think you got this at the Lion King shop? It's possible. Where'd you get this? I don't know George Bush on queer eye for this great guy
I see how much more handsome you look already. Yes fantastic. You're trying to like George. Nice George straight for George's game
Hey, case your slots in yesterday Kenny lay his dead
1032 or 560 WQA. I was like in bad taste to say it's really great that somebody croaked
No, I don't think no. What evil people die. It's cause. I think it's a wonderful time for a party
That's right anyway. Get back to Barry Jackass. Hey, Barry. We only wish you would croak too like a frog
Hey, Barry
Anyway, he writes mandates might still make the move to two p and even if goldberg decides her main in the morning show though
Nothing is definite. Oh, I love that. It's only the
Sixth of July. Why should anything be definite? Yeah, right? Right. Our general manager is having a lobotomy right now
So he's out of he's out of commission for a couple of weeks
It says if goldberg returns to afternoons WKM would have several options to fill the 7 to 10 a.m. slot
Several options. That's news to us
One emerging candidate is Kenny Walker who was dropped by while 100 in January after 10 years and while 100 is more and show
He was on with footy. It was footy and Kenny. That was the boy. Oh my god. That footies are real a hole
You know that that's what I heard yeah
Walker a sports fan who's been the dolphins public address announced who since 1999 cannot speak to WQM before obvious first because of a
Non-compete clause in his contract if it's a if it's a short list of genuine radio players in this market and WQM is on at list Walker said
When asked if his interest in working for WQM
It's a short list of genuine radio players. Oh, he's living in the past
We haven't been playing radio on this station for quite a while now about a year and a half
If Goldberg moves to have to drive another morning option would be oh my god
Berry NBC six is Tony cigarette. Oh who filled in last Thursday give me a break man Tony sounds about a hundred years old
So it's one thing to be old like me. It's nothing to sound old like Tony see the difference. Okay. I don't sound like an old funny
Dirty I know one but I don't sound like sound the same as I have for long time
It's Tony man. You can hear the difference in his voice. He sounds like a grandpa
Monster if Walker is the choice he likely would have on air partner Orlando Al Sigwery the
Rockstar Kimba both camp would be potential candidates. Oh
Well, what is that all about? Why do they keep going back to the well again the same old same old you know?
I mean, why would they do that? They're members of the fraternity. Oh
WQM general manager Joe Bell who's undergoing an emergency lobotomy this week
They're trying to comment on these scenarios other than the citizens looking to fill one time slot
That's seven to ten in the morning. That means the hoppers going back to the afternoon with a relic should or not
Go back to the afternoon Humper and quit their cousin trouble quit stirring the pot. Just tell me what the same money
That's all I have no idea what his deal says. It's none of my business. Do we care about what his deal says? No
Oh, we know is that we'd like to get some audience back see if we had a real audience
We'd have over nine hundred votes on a poll already. Oh, we do 904
You see what's going on in Jersey there where they can't sign the new budget now they've called me because you know
It's like that I'm bear say no one wants to hear another 36,000 Coral there's a governor Corzine
36,000 casino employees out of work. They shut the doors for the first time ever in the casinos and even the mental lands ain't racing now
That's really bad. They got all these big states races coming up with the middle lands and their dark is can be there is dark is
Alapada
905 votes on a poll which of these would you not vote for president aboard again Christian to it at 97 a Republican
2016 a Republican who happens to be a born again Christian oh my god forget about it
Scientologists 112 a Muslim 101
President
Bandar Bush I hate this poll 49. I didn't I don't vote
29 like I said just as well. We're delighted wouldn't vote for a black 25 racist bastards honkies
You know there's a good yeah, you know, well, he was on again the other night. I care our cable was crash
Okay, and the two of brothers that they're talking about and they are brothers and he's talking to him about how you don't hear white folks
Going around calling each other honky and practice stuff like that
Just just think about that black 25 gay 17. We sure can't have a gay president gay woman 17
How about a dyke like condoliser? Oh god. She's got look at she got three categories covered black gay woman
Excellent that exciting nice going. I know it's not easy to please her condoliser
Democrat 15 Jew 14 what do you think about that atheist nine and a Mormon only four see our
Our quote we don't mind the Mormons. Yeah, it comes to all these other evil groups. We're we're less
concerned with the Mormon there's present stuff here
Yeah, the soccer photo in Mormons is like I mean if we went to palmyron New York
Or Joseph Smith found those tablets and his doctor said take two and call me in the morning. Well, they busy tablets
Oh speaking of tablets saying Rushlin Bosnian Vigra prescription was legally prescribed the Palm Beach County State attorney's orifice
Announce yesterday that it would not file charges against the
Fascist radio talk show host for possessing medication somebody else's name. Did you see the story? We had a lot of people read it too about the
Internet the websites of the right wingers had dropping like rock from the top of the Empire State building
You see that no, I didn't you see that?
Was that on Josh yesterday or the day before?
There's not one of those days when Josh was in here that bachelor party go to the night before and by the way
One no three thirty don't exactly let me say it again the stories went on the website three thirty on Sunday
I don't really care but I mean don't start giving me a solid dance about don't say it was three thirty I was monitoring it man
We were three
Did I put you out for it? No, it was probably like three or thirty two thirty three
I was about noon I think
That's a California time Pacific if you want to be more Pacific about it
Oh, by the way the good news is Josh saw imaginary heroes on cable last I saw the last hour of it at least
Yeah, all right, so I missed them, but I got the whole just I think and did you see now would you see the part of New Year's Eve when they were like
No, it was the ecstasy or you didn't see that no, I didn't that's probably just as well. You're not ready for that anyway
Email her ship is buddy next door with a buddy who bring an extra book of brand discos downstairs. Should I go get it?
I would if I were you you would all you heard of some of the excerpts. Yeah, there's some really happy to be stuff
I guess now that he got that big check showed up in each room we stay in time cashing it that really motivates him tremendously
It is it's inspiring to get lucky if Josh would have gotten another check recently probably wouldn't wait until three thirty on Sunday to put the bedtime
That's what it was I was imagine her hero's you thought was pretty good. I thought it was good
Yeah, well if you didn't see the first part of it and see so going we've ever get busted for trying to buy pot in the head shop
No, I didn't I missed that. Oh, yeah, you gotta see the other thing
Seen his probably the best part. I just caught it on TV and from what I saw I really like it was good
Anyway, getting back and by the way, I just looked up Fahrenheit 911 had 7.8 rating an IMDB
And why we fights got an 8.2
I'm not trying to compare them, but I'm just saying they're of the same genre
But why we fight is so good because there are a lot of people that don't like Michael more because he's been demonized
You know as his pointed out that's what that's the way they do it whether it's Richard Clark or Paul O'Neill
They have to demonize or you know Joseph Wilson that that's to give the Karl Rove game the Schmere and Smear like I've told you for a long time
The Swiftboat crowd that whole deal so during the break so you'll play something long after the break
I got to put my clothes on I guess
Anyway, getting back to rush, but Miami-Dade prosecutors will review the file in the side where the charges are warranted against the two
Miami doctors
According to assistant state attorney Paul Zaxx to protect the boss privacy is medical doctor prescribed the erectile dysfunction drug
Limbaugh's psychologist pointed limbaugh's after David
Upon returning from the encrypted library public of Dominicanity in 26
Customs officials detained limbaugh on his private plane for several hours after finding three prescription medication bottles in his luggage
Now that's one thing you notice in that movie imaginary hero's the whole family was they were always either drunk or stoned
Everybody was popping every kind of pill ever invented but in other words typical. Yeah typical like in George's house
Yeah, yeah, in George's house you'd understand why he's popping pills all of them
20 before 11 at 5 60 W and we got the marlins and the Washington Nets from Washington from your nation's capital
Where the butcher of DC lives that's coming up at 12 30 with a pregame show with the internally boring
They've been a ponderous and a roxy foxy sounds a little bit like that
So I'm gonna put my clothes on. I just don't want to come back from this break from these 85 units that are coming up and have you
Would not place something long, you know we'll be ready
We're gonna go down and get the package
Can I get the uh?
Thing parcel would lightning quick speeds latest features and security Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL in the dust
Call today and get the best offer the year at Comcast high speed internet for only
2495 a month for your first six months plus Comcast will upgrade to the super fast eight mega premium speed tier free
With an always on connection speed of up to eight megabits a second
Comcast high speed internet is up to five times faster than DSL one five and up to a hundred times faster than
Dialogged is like having more than more blackberries, man
It's like I have a model T-Ford
Whether you're downloading music watching streaming video playing online games is simply serving your favorite sites
Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet
Just like Peter Pan like Mary. What was your name? Mary?
Mark what was you? Huh? Martin? Mary Martin. See out of sight out of mind
She's dead plus when you sign up for Comcast high speed internet you'll get instant access to pre-preach
Choose like video mail Comcast radio rhapsody plus and up to seven personal email accounts
Just to be named in a few not only that but you also get free macrathy security tools including
So you can rest assured that your internet experiences always safe and secure and annual savings of over a hundred bucks
Security alone. So what are you waiting for start doing more faster than ever before?
Sign up for Comcast high speed internet today for just 24 95 a month for six months
In day call 305 Comcast and in 954 Comcast call today for details certain restrictions apply
This is Neil Rogers
This is 516 QAP
Do it okay? Well, no because I can place something off this great new book of Brian this
Yes, and I think you should
Oh, how about the Glen Gary leads. I love that you love it. I can I
I
Need your sign ran
The new
Leaves are we closing isn't always easy
Especially if you're only given the old leads what if with one phone call you can get fresh new leads and actually
Close enough to get yourself on the Cadillac board
Hey, get the truck with me on the channel
It's not too good to be true. It's the Glen Gary leads the leading provider of good leads on pink cards with gold ribbon wrapped around them
Not the ones on the blue cards are used to trying to close on you hear me you find it no matter what kind of property
You're trying to close on Glenn Gary has the leads you need
The new leads and you don't get them unless you call now one 800
Gary leads there for closures that's one 800 gets a worth that's one 800 have you made your decision for Christ called Glen Gary leads now and you'll receive
$6,000 and one count that's one 800 close
Oh speaking of you fare whatever you sit in there the New York State Court of Appeals refused to recognize
Same-sex marriage in an order issued today
Deciding that the issue should be addressed by the legislature the New York case involves 48 gay and lesbian couples have filed four separate cases from across the state
The cases were heard together by the court in Albany ever been to Albany no don't on 97 year state law
Marriages defined as between the man and the woman the same sex couples have claimed the law violates their constitutional rights because it depends
Texas combination of courts said you you handled it like a hot potato
They just threw a fact that the legislature is a we don't want to you a try give it to Mikey. Maybe he'll like it
You know Mikey. Yeah, he'll agree
It's independent policy TV
Come green boy. The MTV should destroy him like everything else they touch not a shame it is
944 votes on the pool. It's not even 11 o'clock yet
We got a short show today some talking real fast and we might not take too many calls. Oh, there might be a trial one or two Q.A.M
Okay, we got that one just like the first one Q.A.M
Okay, so we got the usual retards. Uh-huh. You'll be your a retard of not interested
What else is happening there? Oh, I like to call so much. I put it on hold. Sorry
I got rid of it good for you
944 votes on the pool. We may have a thousand wins definitely have a bilodon 30
So everybody can rest easy take a deep breath. Ah exhale. That's it
Not good. Oh, Brad. Oh, that's another movie everybody must see is Glenn gerry Glenn Ross
I don't think most of our audience have oh yeah
Clothes is all that's right and then there's always this
Yeah, the truck
laughter
And then again we just
Five six seven oh five sixty I give the numbers out
I'm not planning on taking too many calls because it's the same three retards
And again who else would be in town when it's on the reason the shade except the retards
You know, that's what we that's what we got on the phone to just retardos
So on these rare days that I'm actually working. I mean you know, I don't why should I waste my time with these adients?
I wouldn't at all, or this one's a good one when I would if I were you I wouldn't
Yeah
that was the real one
how can you tell man you get down
when you get them down just put your boot on the
yeah just keep grinding them down
in a serious blow to senator joe libramins re-election campaign
that's you libramin man do we hate him or what
the democratic senatorial campaign committee is likely to back to winner of the
democratic primary and kinetic in meaning that libramin
maybe left without national allies for campaign money
good
a senior democratic party official confirmed that the dsc c is unlikely to
back to the brimston he lose the primary to netta lamon
by the way speed and other mon
nor market call me the day asking me about that i guess davil mont is bugging
him about to try to get a more job or something like that maybe got candy
over there at the tip channel i said absolutely not
after davil mont and uh... people are stabbed sonny her son of back in
cost his premature death and i'm going to like put in a good word for him
we don't want to davil mont go fart in somebody else's face
you know what i'm talking about right because when he broadcast you and
baseball of me for that one season i'll be with fart a lot that's a story
that's a true story
because back in those days i remember with great joy to be before he was
working on those broadcast
the aroma from those nice sausages you know that they make up there if you
ever been to uh... i uh...
a case baseball game judge yes i have
and you know how they you can smell the aroma of all the good food that
they're cooking out there all over mark light stadium that was one of the
real joys he eating was even better
but anyway while you're sitting up there doing a game you could smell the
so and of course one of my came in there was a different room on that would
put you in a coma that was watching up oh god
he had a just like what's his name ryan philippe in the crash only within ryan's
case they just made it up as an excuse to get away from them at uh... what's the
name billen but uh... in his case in davil mont's case it was true he had uh...
uncontrollable flatulence oh sorry joys
car to lense
so anyway should leave them and lose the primary to nidolamani more progressive
content of a connect it was going to support from bloggers and is catalyzed
his campaign around
leberman's aggressive hawkish position on our rack
leberman airs that's man
it is likely the vsc will back to the winner of the democratic party connect
it a part of the official to a raw story
requesting an unlimited because he values his life
like that
five i do you know they've got to go east we hate you like poison which you would
die
just like kennel a
nine hundred and fifty five votes on the pool man
we're marching toward that thousand relentlessly
in sputter these idiots on the phone
but look at that thunder i'm not taking any more today
so you can read off the whole call your mind
and we have one real call yet
no no
it's almost eleven o'clock and we have one real call yet no
i'm actually not moving while we fight fantastic dvd or people are going to
watch it
no one thing was thinking about yesterday because occasionally i think about
this place very briefly
and you know what it was i give up
you know how we're all about a way bad news for the people at the w i d
uh...
i have had a
he calls George off the air this morning to announce that he's the back of
the work in the weekend talk about stupid they are
but anyway speaking about other station i was thinking of myself
the difference in the impact that we had in the marketplace you remember the
bagel bites in the um...
hulker burgers right
all the different things are a fish food
you know i'd go on the air start raving about some product i discovered
everybody in town you could be well you can even keep it on the shelves it was
flying out of there
on this station it's like i wonder they do what is this have to do with the ball
game uh... what is this have to do with uh... the marlin and like that you know
right
that's about an impact look at the last fundraiser that important thing that i
was
vehemently opposed to it would be a big one of bomba grande even true and would
have been impressed and it was
don't be trying to like uh... get a response on this radio station because we're
we're just talking uh... to our own little circle of a group is out there
you can hear my phone you know
bunch of little missfits
with nine hundred and sixty three votes on a pool but then those are the people
of color radio shows
you know the people are called it like that and of course is always
that crowd and then there's the really intellectual group that go
like that like your buddy Greg used to do
and then again him
now does he still bug you are we get rid of him i haven't heard from him
good maybe that we mentioned them you know probably come back let's have a
party let's kill all the chronic said a big party okay it's a the fourth maybe
gone but you know there's nothing that said that the eight-year-old i can be a
big uh... party to write that's right every day can be a big
and practice famous radio philosopher one said every day is a good day for a
party
yeah
like that that's exactly what he said
i still can't believe he's dead
i mean i realized that he you know was very heavy and you also abused uh...
who got a little what kind of substances
but he's dead you know but it's just it's hard to believe
isn't
yeah well you know it happens all the time
no my god that's what can you listen
he said i'm tired of it
we people have arrested and charged with stealing confidential information about
drink recipes
from the coke a colic company trying to sell it to rival pepsi pepsi co
the suspects include an executive administrative assistant at the land of
based coke
joeo williams
who is accused of right rightfully through corporate files
and stuffing documents and a new coke or product into a bag into a sack
joy
rams with goya
we miss forty one of not an orcrosse joeja
thirty-year-old
ibrahim dimson of new york and forty three-year-old edmund dahini of the catered joeja
all-man the catered joeja and orcrosse joeja
are charged with wire fraud and unlawfully stealing and selling coke trade secrets
federal prosecutors be saying
they're going to be appearing before a federal magistrate judge in Atlanta today
maybe they're standing before the judge right now
and offering a free drink
spokespersons from the pope uh... pope and uh... kept sicko
and what you like to drink i'd read poke
maybe just like a pocket
yeah post-persons from coke and pepsico were not immediately returning calls
according to prosecutors on main nineteen
purchased new york based pepsi
i've heard of purchase new york by had no idea where it is
you know what
i wonder if it's on long island
i've heard of purchase a new york as you know being a new york state guy
but i just have no idea where that is
uh... purchase new york based pepsico company provided coke with a copy of a letter
may be able to pepsico in an official
coke a colo business envelope
the letter postmark from the bronson new york was from an individual identifying
himself as dirk
sounds like a real jerk
who claim to be employed at a high level of coca
offered very detailed and confidential information
dirk was identified as
ibrahim dimson the fb i says ibrahim
what kind of an idiot is named ibrahim anyway uh... jukes
i remember ibrahim al-Romis al-Alamin
the new uh... google purchase new york
i'm getting the mat
no you are slow man i don't need a map doesn't say like uh... something
well i'll tell you find out it
coke and colo immediately contacted the fb on undercover fb i investigation began
prosecutor say Williams was the source of information dimson offered to provide
pepsi
they said that dirk provided the fb i'm a couple of eighteen pages of coke documents
marked classified confidential
company confirmed that the documents were valid highly confidential and considered
trade secrets
price of the said dirk requested ten grand for the documents
later dirk produced other documents that coke and coke confirmed were valid
trade secrets of coke and highly confidential
you also read the be paid seventy five grand for the purchase of a highly
confidential product sample from a new
coke to hold a product this will be the new coke to hold a product
what's the one they got now one
is not the one one
i think they have one although i thought that was pepsi
no coke is gone
i don't know
but i have one
but it was purchased right next to white planes
oh yeah like i said
so you're a new yorky kind of place that's why i'm not familiar with
i do know where a massive peak was
ten fifty seven and five sixty and you make a
a state
ten fifty seven a few and we got the marlins on deck in twelve thirty your
florida marles discord eighteen runs yesterday
we have to watch the national one oh five any interest no
and demand it and then courtesy of the care for that
let me tell you right now about the best place to take your feet and that's
brandy's in common obit if you don't take good care of your feet man arrested
your bodies and worth of crap i'm turning that right now that's the truth
brandy's curious all the top names in the shoe business to people to work
there no feet inside and out and i'll make sure you get a perfect fit every time
and they've always got a special sale going on with the need to be doing
because their prices are always unbeatable anywhere in town they've been doing
it right for years and years and that's a great
common obit's location at brandy's will find all the top brands like four
shine echo mafisto rock port harsh poppies new balance tons of other
name brands in all sizes for men and women and they even carry wide wits in your
hard to find sizes too for those of you with real funky feet
brandy's is the largest independent true retailer in all south photo
go see our good buddy Arnie at brandy so make sure you get the right
different shoes at an unbeatable price too brandy shoes you find them at twelve
ninety nor federal highway in poppies right between Atlantic and Copen's
roads on the east side you can't miss it brandy's open every day of the week
Monday through Saturday's till nine and every Sunday till five
and this week it's a big red tag sale of ended brandy's
thousands and zillions of pairs on special sale you'll find all the famous brands
men's women's styles so save a ton of cash and get your feet in good shape
at brandy's by going to the store this week or do your shoe shopping on their
website at brandy's shoes dot com
this is new Roger what's calling this is five sixty
q a
neon
come
and then go in here on w
quay out that was my obligatory rattle song opens to familiarize myself to you
the listening audience on this my live audition on the air
many thanks to clarence and greeper for the lightful dinner and date last night
that was a wild grind under the shakil o'neal poster over my headboard
i say shakil o'neal in order to distance myself from those who just say shak
in an attempt to establish my own identity so thanks fellas you say i have the gift of gab as
opposed to being ungifted in other ways so let's talk intensive sports now shall we
it provides nebyshities such as myself an opportunity to feel accomplished in something they
never could accomplish in their lives even in high school when i would hide under the bleaches
from the bullies and ogled the jocks sneak into the locker room to inhale yellow laundry i am glad
to be sitting down after last night with clarence and greeper all day i have been walking
like William Boyd will be right back with more broadcast professionalism after these
voids for master o'glyde the following program is brought to you by
astro boy
rattle it's 1103 at 560 don't tell me we got another one for the voids
991 votes i didn't hear him so i have no idea him sarny's not going to be too happy with
voka brine and that bit i'll tell you that right now he is going to be really p-dode
981 votes and i'd tell you it would make a thousand by 1130 and we will
then i tell you that you did say that how do you like that that is a real
eye popper if you ask me aren't you aren't you impressed okay medium medium impressed
you know to be heavily impressed of course i started to pull a five o'clock last night
the new one you only got an hour and 26 minutes not that we're counting into let marlin pregame show
marlins won 18 and nine yesterday they counted the crap out of wash now the nests they may have
wished it was saved seven and runs every time they do that the next day they wish they would have
saved a couple of runs right Josh yes like it'll be today yeah i might know what do you say
that we got down twelve pictures today don't we they them they do yeah Larry vinehart writes the
basic questions to our government anti-terrorist programs actually waiting and by the way this is an
AP wire copy that i'm reading okay i just mentioned that for some of the idiots out there that are
too stupid oh he just reads the newspapers an AP wire copy on here and that's all he does for
yeah right you should live so long okay all these people you know who you know who is really evil
and is starting to really bug me let let me give you a clue you're gonna be surprised when you hear
this somebody are you select a lot it's big deal it's big in a moment regis yeah now what's this
new show america's got talent is that what his latest endeavor is that he called the producers and
said i'd like to be a part of that well will he isn't wouldn't be by that he is not yes he is okay
i watched it a couple times i never saw him anywhere near it he's the host of it okay you don't
see him very much but he's the host of the work he was just on king the other night i was channel
surfing by your good buddy Larry was snappin as his fenders and his bag he's so small you don't
even notice he's there now i guess you don't see him on camera very much he's like backstage behind
the scenes because he's been on all of the creatures like who wants to be a millionaire like that you know
with the other you see a lot of david has a hotline that show oh that's another good reason not to watch
it but regis is starting to bug me because and although it's not his fault it's not his show he just
wanted to be a part of it because he wanted he just never got enough i'm i'm just you need you know
how many million about 30 million you need absolutely before you find they got enough
about 30 man i just don't understand that but america's got talent that we got like 75 spin-offs of
american idol home improvement uh and then they got the nerve to tell us if the grahamis are coming
up and we're supposed to care about that my god thank god for my digital table here and the 800
channels that i got so i can actually find something worth watching don't forget outfoxed first
watch why we fight they're watch outfox all right you got it well i'll have to be in that order
because i'm getting one first and the other right that is correct or you're gonna watch why we fight
today i might i'm i'm telling you well because you know we're out of here at 12 30 i don't know what
time the the fat x shows up here in this building well i just got my fenix you see how much more
efficient my building is in your cram during canadian although i will tell you this tonight did
i take this store i guess not because i haven't been on since i had to go oh boy i just left
to go get my um new a blackberry um well you remember that in fact it was the last show that i
did it was a week ago today and remember the the phone was ringing about 10 to 2 and i said i
bet you that's my new blackberry mm-hmm and sure enough it was only the ups guy left the thing that
said oh um must have personal signatures so we didn't leave the package i see so they were
gonna deliver it the next day so the next day i made a point it was gonna be between 10 30 and 2
and it got to be around 11 30 and there was nothing delivered yet and so i called and that began a
long series of hostile calls with ups and but a deep bit of a bit about finally i had to have my
cab guide grabbed me up to the ups office which is a jane in steels and it's as far north as you
can go and still be in the city of Toronto so i'll reach way mm-hmm wow and it's not in the most
pleasant hood either uh but you know something that was worth it cost me a hundred dollar cab fare
to get my damn thing cuz yeah cuz ups uh stupid that's why stupid and because the guy left
he left the package in the building instead of putting it on the back again the next morning
they're real militant about their procedures well screw that what do you mean by that i mean they
do things their way and if you don't like it then you're gonna do it anyway i like to
neck but i got my new blackberry let me say it again if you got one of those old blackberries
flush it down the toilet get the new eighty seven hundred c it's a good one Larry Barnhart the basic
questions do our government anti-terrorist programs actually do anything the financial spying program
how many people was it caught who are they where are they what's been done about them did a catch
you in one that could not have been caught another way what was the cost per catch without
expenditure and time effort money be better applied elsewhere did a catch anyone who was part of
nine eleven now try to spend a lot of money on nine eleven they spend a lot of money elsewhere
how many of the al-Qaeda backers had this program found more than one why haven't they been arrested
who are they and where are they the wiretaps without warrants program how many people did it catch
how many operations did it interrupt how many arrested captures did it lead to what did it cost
what does it continue because is it cost effective if all of that money however much it has been
spent in other ways would we have caught more terrorists than we caught today are we doing a
really good job in catching a lot of the terrorists there actually don't seem to be a lot there
was a guy who wanted to take down the Brooklyn Bridge with the blowtorch now there's the Miami
six Atlanta one the urban south seven who everyone describes his willing but not able there was
the lack of one of six where their captures is resumptive the wiretaps without warrants program
are they the cream of the terrorist crop is that all the reason the best there is we had to break all
those rules and bend the constitution into a pretzel and spend all that money to get those guys
and the ten or twenty others I haven't mentioned but still not a lot and not very first
them where they captured as a result of these special expenditures and a special rule building
if they're not the best in the brightest of the terror quadrace where are they and why haven't
we caught them we've also spent billions killed tens of thousands lost over 25 hundred killed in
an unknown number named and crippled to get terrorists and terrorists breeding grounds and
terrorists nest in Afghanistan and Iraq how many of those killed or captured could fairly be said
have been plotting against the u.s. if there is an answer can that number be documented in any way
can the number be divided into those who might have tried to move against the u.s. before we
went to war in Afghanistan and Iraq and those who've been inspired by our wars who's going to ask
these questions the White House press corps Richard Benedetto of USA Today Ed Chen of the LA Times
Jessica Yellen of ABC can hermit of Cox News our senators on the incident intelligence committee
Pat Roberts Trent lot Olympia snow John D. Rockefeller the fourth Diane Feinstein Evan Bye
I won't mention any Congressperson since the Republicans would never ask these questions
the Democrats would never be heard how about mainstream media anchor people commentators and
reporters these are not hard questions to imagine these are reasonable questions to ask
they're not ideological liberal or conservative they're simple they're practical
is it reasonable to ask it it is reasonable to ask it is necessary to ask do our government
anti-terrorist programs actually do anything and you know what the answer is no one to the answer
but anyway I bet you we got close to a thousand votes and that world famous neo-rages pull right
now I don't think we're going to get over 300 friends on our thousand three votes how do you
like that okay time to go home we got the Volka Brian this he actually got some interesting
droppings to like the following program is brought to you by yes
oh wow oh there's actually another bit on here too I like that they're all good thousand
three votes which of these would you not vote for for president unless somebody like stuck
a gun to your head and then pull the trigger thousand three votes born again Christian 335
Republican 231 Scientologist 120 is that the same as scatologist very similar Muslim 116 I
hate this 451 5% I don't vote through look at that look at how many said I don't vote
3rd man black 27 woman 21 gay 20 kind of easy man you got like 40 about 70 people that won't
vote for your ass your black gay ass democrats 17 Jews 16 atheists 12 and Mormon only it's
so let me say it's only six that amazing I like to say we don't know from Mormons they don't
know from the book of Mormon they would know Joseph Smith from al Smith that's the only impression
of those guys that come to the door you know and who can they do impressions yeah wow
because they put a different outfit on that or still I have the white shirts in the black
top I have a sock like each black pants oh they do a sock puppet yeah I don't like your sock
sock 12 minutes after 11 I don't have no socks any of my shoes on anymore I had to get dressed
real quick I'd like make a lunge down the elevator not saying the way I got got to keep
back at it a parcel real fast I move fast man whether it's donor to do a quick doose in the
middle of a show we're going to pick up a pack yeah you gotta be I gotta admit that I
one of these days I'll master that hard for an old toad man I can really move trust me
should have seen me in Berlin that's what I heard anyway 11 13 at 5 60 WQM and let me tell you
again about a great place to take the whole gang why not do it this weekend for a real treat
to the melting pot if you haven't been to the pot in a while now it's time to go back speaking of
that it's a full four-course dining experience they start you out first with their renowned
cheese fondue and you dip and dunk all kinds of great stuff in that cheese like three different
breads granny Smith apples and crisp veggies next comes a choice to lively delicious salads
then your entrees include a combination of lobster filet mignon
see you Cajun season chicken pork well I'm not going to say it anymore to get I mean you know
where you know where to stick it to stick it right in there Cajun season chicken pork duck
portabetta mushrooms and lots more cooked in oil or broth and don't forget the dipping sauce
is that's what the fondue experiences all about dipping and dunking and dining and dancing
like Joey Carr would say by sure hope he's dead now here's the clinch here top it off with
their famous chocolate fondue desserts with fresh strawberries bananas pineapple cheesecake brownies
tasty marshmallows rolled in crushed Oreos or graham crackers for dipping or both whatever you
like just keep dipping and dunking and smiling you'll wobble out of there with a big big fat
puppet only at the melting pot they're all over town they're in Fort Lauderdale candle
vulca rotone Cooper City North Miami Beach and Coral Springs be sure in time that old
meals had to buy for real treat when you head for the pot this is Neil Rogers this is 5.6.Q.A.S
this is the most disgusting program earth earth everyone to complain to this station
ration
ah
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
Where I'm on my hands and needs to win somebody's mind.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, sweet, fight of my eye.
Whoa, ow, ow, the sweet, save my mind.
Hey, guys.
1118 at 5'60, WQM, Happy Thursday, July the 6th.
And Coulter, main Coulter wins the sitting duck award,
last awarded to a comments to made up 43 people.
There was a bit about her last time at Keith Oberman, on countdown,
about her plagiaristic tendencies, and the fact that she's a miserable, hateful,
a dank bitch.
Yeah, I'm put out there in the net.
I'll give it that in a minute.
As the apparent victory in Mexico's presidential elections,
which back and forth today, this morning,
ballots were found in two garbage dumps,
according to a raw story.
The news was accompanied by various rare reports showing
that left wing candidate Andres Manuero Lopez Obrador
had rejected findings that as upon a Felipe Caldern
was the winner.
Sounds like another one that faced elections like the Bush people specializing,
isn't it?
Yeah, but that's the next thing that would never happen.
Although the Kennedy's were going to add two.
Although official tallies indicated a victory for Caldern, 0.3%.
The Mexican newspaper, El Universal, reported that 10 ballot boxes
and a polling station report were found in a garbage dump.
In a poor neighborhood in Mexico City, according to Reuters,
the ballots came from three precincts in the city of something
that's got 800 letters into which I can't pronounce.
A Lopez Obrador stronghold, according to the website Narco News.
Narco News?
Huh?
No, boy.
Another indication of the electoral fraud,
ballots were also found in the second garbage dump in the city of Zalapa.
That's the beginning with an X.
I just mentioned that in passing.
The capital of the Mexican state of Aracruz.
Parts of the Spanish language report were translated by a contributing
to the discussion board at the website Democratic Underground.
A state department spokesman earlier declared that Mexico has a vibrant
and dynamic democracy, and Mexican institutions are fully capable
of dealing with any, you know, any irregularities and ensuring the principles
of rule of law and transparency.
Right, just like in Florida.
Transparency, you know.
That's why the judge there was looking so hard through that ballot,
because it was transparent.
Yeah, he was holding it in his hand.
No, no, no, no.
He was there, but it was transparent, he was looking right through it.
That's what he said.
He said it's transparency.
Yeah, like the Beatles said, I'm looking through you.
Oh, it's speaking of the invisible man with Ray Meland.
Now, well, tell him what he was saying.
That was the movie again, Hollow Man with Claude Reigns.
And I always say it was a Ray Meland.
Claude Reigns.
Never Reigns, but it posed.
1033 on that pool, man.
We just a little over and over from that Marlon game.
I better start cranking up some of that pre-game music, don't you think?
I think you should get some gold.
That we should probably get a gold right now.
I'm going to impose the present on one.
Huh?
Get some music on deck.
Neo Young.
His bio was on me the night on the biography channel.
I turned it right off.
Would you watch Neo Young's biography?
I know as much as I want to.
Actually, I think I've seen a bio so on him before.
Oh, he's not biography.
You can tell me about it.
It's about 10 seconds.
It's native.
It's a native.
It's a native.
It's a native.
It's a native.
It's a native.
It's a native.
It's a native.
It's a native.
It's a native.
It's a native.
Okay, we'll play that again in a few minutes.
Conservative fire brand, Mancoder, a nasty, hateful, salvo, dike, was awarded a sitting duck
award by National Society of Newt paper commas who met in Boston this past weekend
according to Eddard and publisher.
The award typically dulled out in an ironic fashion came with a statement from the society
that Coder received the prize for cheapening political discourse in America.
We award the lame duck reluctantly because we know Ms. Coder is desperate for any kind of
attention in the society they added.
According to a celebrity news group, Mancoder was mentioned in criticized several times
by speakers at the National Society of Newt paper commas conference.
Then she received the NSNC's ultimate mention in criticism, winning the annual sitting duck
award for easiest column target.
The award last year went to Detroit, Commas, Mitch Albaum and Sacramento B. Commas, Diane
Irwin.
Wonder if she's kind of stew or a win.
Hope.
Irwin was fired later as scourgated by her paper for fabricating 30 people and 27 columns.
Investigators randomly sampling pieces from Irwin's 10-year career could not account for 13
people in additional 10 columns.
Eddard and publisher said the humorous award is given any really-do-a-celebrity who
makes obvious fodder for Commas and writer with writer's block.
Michael Jackson, Sonny Hussain, were among the nominees, but the society that found the
best column fodder came from its own ranks for your fodder.
These comments made it easier for other columnists to write something on a slow news day
of the society's vice president told EMP.
We didn't have to make something up because they already did it for us, he said.
I like that.
All those good, really, better than we are right-wing jackasses, man.
All those holy, ero-in secret, closet, queen, crowd.
Oh, you're going to vote for an expert housewives on the Emmys, on the Grammys, whatever
this is?
The Emmys.
The Emmys of the year.
No.
Grey's Anatomy, House, the soprano's 24-in-west-wing for the Best Drama Series.
I've never seen any one of those.
Best comedy series.
Our recid development, Kirby Enthusiasm, the Orphus, scrubs and 2.5 men.
Never seen any of them.
The office is all right.
Scrubs and the Orphus?
Yeah.
Scrubs?
That's it.
Oh, and Mrs. Kagan, whose husband needs a lot of Niagara.
How do you like that?
He needs to have like 75 different prescriptions for his Niagara for a husband.
They'll be even more nauseated.
You want to puke just thinking about that?
Oh, my God.
How does disgusting?
That's like trying to think about Robert Grupper and the Beast grouping and grouping with
their clearance.
With Clarence, of course, his pivot man.
Stay now.
Out of the studio, Clarence, I don't want to hear your voice.
I don't want to talk to you.
I don't want to know anything about you.
I don't want to smet you.
Just stay the hell away.
I think we ought to get a whole bunch of calls in between now and Marlon time, don't
you?
Oh, yeah, get a whole bunch.
Well, I mean, we've got this one opportunity in a whole week now, until Tuesday, with
you hogging all the airtime.
Don't forget, watch Why We Fight Tonight and then you'll get the other big package here
with all those great movies, a Robert Greenwald.
Can't wait.
Out Fox.
That's the first one you want to watch.
Out Fox.
I also try to find Fogga War.
I haven't found that.
That's the one where they have the interview with Robert McNamara, who is one of the chief
liars.
There were so many during the LBJ days during Vietnam.
It was like the fact that they isn't interesting how they start these things all based on
lies.
The Gulf of Tonk and Incident, which never happened, was just a total lie.
Look at the great job we did in Korea.
You know, they're throwing off all these missiles now.
And it should make one reflect back on the great job we did there in Korea.
We saw all the problems of the world fighting all those Kami pinkos.
That's right.
We stopped and of course the great job we didn't via NAM.
And now the fantastic job we're doing in Iraq, which didn't attack us, didn't represent
a threat to us or anything, but nevertheless, all based on moral lies.
And there was that rule in Poland.
You know, I see him.
You'll see him in the movie.
But it just pisses me off there for whatever reason.
I don't know whether it's because he's got that light black complexion or I don't know
what the deal is because he's former military, but he gets a free pass.
Right.
And he was a stooge, man.
He was a stooge.
He willingly went out there and lied at the UN.
He sat right there with that vial of tuna fish or whatever was in it.
Man.
In fact, that's what they told him.
Take this vial, go into the tea room, take some tuna fish and take a fish and put it
all together.
And that's what was in the vial.
It smelled pretty vial as what I'm hearing.
That caught Kofi Ann and man, Kofi, he was puking his guts out just from the aroma.
And then he sat there and lied.
And that John Negro Pondy, there's another one for him and the butcher of Hunder is, there's
another one was sitting right behind him as he was sitting there and George Tena was sitting
on his other shoulder like a parrot, like Beretta with his cockatoo.
How's he doing by the way, Beretta?
Doing fine from what I saw.
Whatever happened with that civil suit, I we never heard any more about that.
I guess nobody cares about him anymore.
Robert Blinke.
No, bitch had a coming.
No.
I would agree with that.
If you got a nagging, hateful, a-soul, wife, girlfriend, both, dress kill man.
Traps you with pregnancy.
Especially now in Florida that we got that, you know, if they're, if they're, you're
a go October, went into law.
They represent a threat to you man or they like annoying you and of course you see what
happened to Kenny Lane.
Now they were talking a lot about how stress kills and that's right.
Stress kills.
Somebody is a stress on your life.
Well, my way.
I'm starting to think about that myself now.
Anybody that puts even a slice of my stress on my ass, guess what?
There you go.
Butter Bing.
Butter Bing.
Isn't it amazing how that meant movie just-
Shut up, Bing, your blood, your brains all over your nice side, your legs suit.
Yeah.
And then the sopranos ripped it off.
I don't care what you say.
Okay.
You never did.
I beg your pardon.
They talk about it.
They talk about what?
The Godfather all the time and that's why they say Butter Bing.
I say no, Godfather.
All right.
I was in the olive oil business with his, uh, son of a- 27 after 11 at 560 WQM, something
they, sometimes, sometimes I feel.
What is this man talking about?
That it's the things in your carpet that you can see that are bad for you.
In South Florida for 28 years, dry concepts is the best in the world of making those carpets
look and smell and feel brand new and make them sanitary again too.
I've used them for over 21 long, amazing years and every single time they never let you
down, they do a fabulous job.
When you dry clean your carpets with dry concept, you really can clean today and entertain
tonight.
Your carpets stay cleaner longer, too, than no sticky residue left behind.
And with over 50,000 satisfied South Florida customers, you'll have a lot of company
people walking around with a big smile on their posts.
And don't forget, dry concepts are also the experts in water damage restoration, good
to keep in mind during hurricane season.
Certified technicians get you out of the mold zone and, no matter just minutes, not days,
and dry concepts can get your home or business dry within 24 to 72 hours, it's guaranteed.
Just like all their work is guaranteed, they give you a written guaranteed price upfront
before they start doing their fantastic job.
In the top of it all off, dry concepts has got a state of the art, Orianna, Ruckling,
and Frantheon.
And really when in all South Florida on site, dedicated to keeping those expensive area
rugs looking brand new, too.
So do yourself a favor.
This is a guaranteed deal, man.
They always do this to a pennish job and an unbeatable price.
Called dry concepts, soul free and datebrow or the Palm Beach is 1-800-248-5071.
And some of that ancient cranky needle, too, I did a call 1-800-248-5071, or on the wicked
web, just log on to dryconcepts.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
Good deal.
It's getting a boat of it.
Hello.
Palm Christian Begood, of your friendly NSA.
You know, you hear a lot of negative things about our agency, but I'm here to tell you
about the good things we do.
Like biting tourism.
I ask you what better way to fight tourism than to make all of you suspects.
But how can you miss?
Especially when we were ordered to stand down on the real ones.
Since my dear leader gave us full access to your checking accounts for a role just about
anything except for the city bag money train and was used by the Saudis.
We have great news for those of you who have nothing to hide.
Now you no longer have to worry about paying those bills that are coming new.
The NSA will pay them for you whether you have the funds or not.
Overtrunk.
Overtrunk.
This service is already paid for by your tax dollars.
Anyone who speaks out against it will be designated al-Qaeda.
Thank you for your silence and obedience.
NSA, we know your life story.
NSA, it's billed pay.
We know your life.
It's 1133-27-09.
Here's the facts.
Our first batch of the day we haven't had one real phone call yet.
It's 1130 already.
Right.
There's been one real phone call and we get a fax.
Did you read the penis pump judge's story on the smoking gun?
That's an old story.
I remember there's an update on it.
I just looked at the smoking gun and I saw Rush and the Avagra and his suitcase.
I didn't see anything about the judge.
No, that's the guy that was doing it under his robe.
Right.
I understand that.
But that's an old story.
There's something new on it.
Why don't we go to the Senate's story?
He got a new phone.
Here's Josh's favorite line.
Here's the Josh line, UAM.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, hi.
The new young song is Note for No, O Guthrie's City of New Orleans.
If you listen to him, play them back to back.
It's the same thing, Note for No.
I'll be damned.
Yeah.
No, check it out now.
Thank you.
No kidding.
It's settle it.
T-T-T-T-R-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N.
I like that song.
He's right.
That's a rip off.
The Standard one.
He's an old guy in the end, young little piece, or young no more, got it?
He's the perfect ending for life.
So we ought to probably precede it by playing CKMW.
Oh there's our little Guthrie.
Let's see the media ought to be screaming the media.
Wait, wait till you see this thing about Outfoxed where they had the former producer of the Donahue,
the ill-fated Donahue on MSNBC, Shisho, remember when they brought him back for that ill-fated short period of time?
And the mandate came down that they had an Outfox Fox.
In other words, if they had two, this is the truth.
If they had a panel against them, if they had two liberals, they had to have three conservatives.
Right.
The true story.
Uh-huh.
So this is what they're doing.
And they're all trying to Outfox Fox.
This is what they're doing, including these certainly not news network.
But I'm sure you were all over Bush-told chain to discredited the Mac critical of Iraq policy.
Did you talk about that? Did you mention it?
No. It was on our website.
No.
You didn't mention it?
No, I'd love to see it.
Oh my God. Well, thank you so much.
Because I know that when I read the AP Wirecopy, people get all whipped up to do a frenzy bonnet.
This is from the British Guardian that you won't read in your daily reader and your weekly reader and your uh-mimey-heroed.
Even though the stories have been around, but of course on the mainst, the so-called MSN, the mainstream media, we have to like, well, uh-
there's no evidence that the person actually told him to reveal the identity of Joe Wilson's wife and Yada E.R.R.
I mean, the public ought to be just like the guy says in the end of this movie about the uh-
the Outfox at the end, where he's quoting uh- Patty Treyewski and Howard Beale.
Hi, Miss Madness! How are you?
I'm a Hustle and Hustle!
I'm a Hustle!
But the public's busy watching uh- America's Got Talent.
And by the way, speaking of that show since you've seen you actually seen someone, it's just a tea I haven't seen it but I saw them talking about it and they had some clips.
Just a teaprip off of the Gong show.
That's exactly what I said.
Right! But it's not-
That's not what it is!
It's not chief, it's very expensive and light.
Well, whatever the hell it is, I mean, chief not in terms of cost, in terms of uh-
What it is.
And some of those things are new ideas.
Talent shows are as old as uh-
As a Ted Mac, right.
As major bows. Only chicken neck and I, well I don't remember major bows.
And the goal, yeah.
The format is just like the Gong show except that they have buzzers instead of the Gong.
And they got readers instead of Chuck Barris.
I wouldn't be surprised-
I'm one of those episodes of America's Got Talent if Chuck Barris comes out and-
But I think it gives it to readers right there in the state.
Older need end money yet.
You know, that'd be a big improvement.
Yeah.
I mean, not that I don't like readers anymore but you know what? I'm getting tired of him.
How many billions do you need? You silly old fool, okay?
Enough is enough already.
And you know, just the one thing, the one constant.
And when he was out with King the other night too, they did the same thing.
If you ever watch his show with Kelly Ripo, which you think she's really hot,
and I think she's very, very media-
You ever put it inside.
But anyway, she's got this coffee-
They always have the big coffee cups, the mugs, you know?
Uh-huh.
And they always have to be a drink out of it.
First of all, I think that they're empty number one.
Okay.
And what is that proof?
Well, what is that supposed to indicate that it's the morning?
And they're in the case-
Not at the clock at night when he was on it with King it was the morning.
Well, maybe the area was the morning. Maybe it was time to empty out the bag.
Anyway, this is by Suzanne Goldenberg,
the rice for the UK, the Guardian.
President George Bush directed his vice president, Dick Cheney,
to take personal charge of a campaign,
to describe that a former ambassador would accuse the administration of twisting pre-war intelligence on Iraq,
and emerged yesterday, meaning Wednesday, meaning Tuesday, no meaning Wednesday.
The revelation by the National Journal,
I respected Weekly Political Magazine that Mr. Bush took a personal interest
in countering damaging allegations by the former ambassador, Joe Wilson,
reveals a white house that was extraordinarily sensitive to any criticism of his pre-war planning.
It's time to smear and smear, baby.
That's all they know.
Smear and smear.
It also returns the focus of the criminal investigation in the outing of a CIA agent to the White House,
only weeks after the senior aid Carl Roe was told he wouldn't face prosecution.
The journal said Mr. Bush made the admission in July 24, 2004 interview in the Oval Office
with special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald.
That wasn't that interesting. That was July 2004.
That was months before the November presidential election.
Wouldn't it have been nice to get that information then?
Yeah, would have.
In July 2000, we interview with the Oval Office with special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald,
who is leading the investigation in the outing of CIA agent Valerie Plain.
Ms. Plain is married to Wilson, who says her cover was broken in retaliation
after he accused the administration of knowingly using false information on Saddam Hussein's weapons programming.
According to the National Journal, Mr. Bush told prosecutors he directed Mr. Chained
to disclose classified information, both to defend his administration
and to discredit Mr. Wilson, aka smear and smear.
Elsewhere, the magazine quotes other government officials as saying
that Mr. Bush was very anxious to use classified information to counter Mr. Wilson's charges,
telling the vice president, let's get this out.
When in doubt, get it out. That's where Bubba used to say.
However, the president told investigators they never directed anyone to disclose Ms. Plain's identity.
Right. He also said he was unaware Mr. Chained directed his chief of staff, Louis Scooter,
and he said Mr. Chained, he was very anxious to use classified information to defend his administration.
The president said Mr. Chained, he was very anxious to use classified information to defend his administration.
Mr. Chained, he was very anxious to use classified information to defend his administration.
The president said Mr. Chained, he was very anxious to use classified information to defend his administration.
Mr. Chained, he was very anxious to use classified information to defend his administration.
The president said Mr. Chained, he was very anxious to use classified information to defend his administration.
All the leaks all the time.
John Dean is in this movie too briefly.
He's a good guy, John Dean.
Turned from an evil door into a good guy.
He tried to tell the president there's a cancer on Uranus.
The president was up there on a balcony looking out with his telescope.
Or her.
We can outer space.
Well, he can write to those people outer space.
Because the butcher with DC, he definitely is out of this world.
19 till noon, EQM.
But we better start talking really fast.
You're not keeping me moving here.
I got to move it.
Move it.
Take some calls.
Move it long.
I got to do the break with these 65 spots.
Pretty soon we're going to start selling tens.
So how many tens are there like in a minute?
There's six.
So four minutes time.
We can have like 24 tens in a break.
We'd be like 40 pages for the log.
Right.
Nobody has the work but job.
Finally, a TV experience like no other Comcast digital cable with on demand is easy to use.
And let's you take viewer control to a whole new level with Comcast on demand TV is on your terms.
Because you can choose a show on your schedule and pause every one whatever you want.
And for a limited time you can get connected to Comcast digital cable and HBO on demand for just $34.99 a month for your first three months.
Why is TV so much better with on demand while on mighty glad you asked?
For starters, you can watch over 3,000 free movies and shows whenever you want.
It's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV.
On demand is ready to start when you say so.
With programming including free movies, kids shows, music videos, cooking shows, sports, home improvement shows, guitar lessons and so much more,
you'll always have something good to watch right when you're in a mood to watch it.
You sure can't get all this with satellite.
So ditch your dish today and get a big savings up to 550 bucks plus on demand so you can build your own TV schedule.
And best of all on demand is free when you have Comcast digital cable.
So pick your show time, sit back and you wonder how you've got along without a call today,
order Comcast digital cable and HBO with the power of on demand for just $34.99 a month for your first three months.
Indeed call 305 Comcast and in call 954 Comcast for full details today, certain restrictions apply.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.69 a.m.
New York.
Good night, can they? We're dancing on your gradient.
They ought to pay that over with the roadside trucker stop to give everyone a chance to squat.
Record the streaming tribute that you're done.
Or are you a little bit more than you are?
Or are you a little bit more than you are?
Or are you a little bit more than you are?
It would be clearly it gets getting a cup get to you.
You were a nothing that could fit and that gets your food.
It's now a nothingness.
Upward.
If I can say how much I hate the Sunset and the website, they should only croak.
I'm going to have to read this off the computer off my screen.
They won't print out and don't scream.
The Florida Supreme Court today reject that $145 billion verdict the largest ever buy in America
and you're against tobacco companies for now another print comes up for now I can now the damn thing went off.
You idiots, you quizzlings man.
It just vanished. The story just disappeared.
Like I said, don't we hate them like poison?
Yes.
Well how come the damn story won't come back now?
Like I said, they threw it out.
Florida Supreme. I'll get back to it.
5.670560.
Let's talk real fast because we only got like 44 minutes but who's counting until the moral and pregame show?
We had one almost real caller that guy was the in the NBA and he had a point of information there and he was accurate.
He was absolutely correct.
The city of New Orleans is the same malady that Neil Young ripped off there for that.
Let's impeach the president.
Right? Right.
So let's sue him.
W.D.C.Y.M. Hello.
Okay now that's one of the better ones we've had so far.
W.D.C.Y.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
They'll wait and get the least spot.
Yeah okay. W.D.C.Y.M. Hello.
Why are they slower?
What? Must be the heat? Q.A.M.
The baby.
You're watching back to me.
Yeah, must be the heat.
W.D.C.Y.M. Hello.
The search for a real call.
Someone that's something to say.
You know, you're not a really religious film.
Uh huh.
5.6705.
You know, it's now I'm getting them to see because I always like a good challenge.
You know what I mean?
That's why I think I like playing the slots.
It's a challenge.
Okay.
And then that's what this is.
It's a challenge to see if there's anybody out there in a two and a half hour show
who's got anything to say.
In other words, not just a point of, you know, information like the other guy,
but something like a declarative statement, you know.
Right.
You think it's possible?
No.
No.
But let's find out.
W.D.C.Y.M. Hello.
Q.A.M. Hello.
I'm in the room.
See that one?
I hit the square on that.
Mm-hmm.
Didn't it just astonish you?
What is number?
No.
Why did I yesterday, too?
No.
How would we waste my time with that one?
He doesn't get on when I'm on.
W.D.C.Y.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
Neil.
Yes.
Yeah.
That's the movie.
Why are we fighting?
Is that the one with size and how is picture in the front of it?
Yes, it is.
I got that at home.
It's good.
It's not good.
It's sensational.
It's better than good.
Why haven't you watched it yet?
Because I was thinking it was boring because Eisenhower's picture was on.
Well, he was usually pretty boring, but in this one case, you know,
everybody has their moment in the sunshine.
In this one case, he had the right stuff.
Hey, did you notice this, the one that died yesterday, he was always talking about Jesus,
and Jesus was going to help him, and Jesus was on his side?
Well, Jesus ain't paying all those people back that he ripped off.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Fake Christian.
That's what he was.
Amen.
Okay.
We'll watch it right now, pal.
Thanks, Neil.
I'm pleased with myself.
Think about you.
Why we fight.
It's got ice picture.
And we all say, I like kike.
Winner of the Sundance Film Festival Grandery Prize.
That's how good it was.
It was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago,
and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago,
and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago,
and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago,
and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago,
and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago,
and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago,
and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago,
and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago,
and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago,
and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago,
and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago,
and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago,
and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago,
and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago,
and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago,
and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and it was a year ago, and in western
r istartnallah.
First, first, the third district court of appealsemed, the third district court of appealsemed,
states high court, however, reinstated a $2.85 million damage award to Mary Farnan and
a $4 million award to Angie Delavecchia, a $5.8 million award to Frank Amadeo like Farnan
and Delavecchia, Cancer Strykin Smoker, who brought the original suit, was not restored
in today's ruling.
Well, there you go.
Smoker, if you got him, and you're going to be dying over there, I'm trying to do that
right now.
Smokseger Rice, and there's a good chance you're going to get like lung cancer and infosima
and lip cancer and mouth cancer and a big jug addict into the tumor.
You're all of these?
All of these?
All of these?
Right.
Yeah, both of right.
Everybody knows that.
Bokabrine, you idiot, you quizzling, you...
You're fair.
Although nice this way.
Good work.
I wonder what that...
I'm running late.
Better get to the studio.
Oh, it's here.
Show me the link.
You think about women again?
About four hours?
Yes.
Oh, that's for you.
That's a George Hervent.
You sure put that on here.
Okay, let me cross that one out.
Bokar, put that on here so I don't have to waste my time with Georgia's stuff.
I have no interest in dealing with Georgia's goods.
We have 1,099 votes on air.
It's not even in the noon yet.
Noon years.
Oh, waiting news conference with President Bush and Canadian Prime Minister Steven Harper.
Oh, brother, talk about the blind leading the blind.
Talk about...
But a little bit dumb and dumb.
Dufus and Dufus.
114 votes.
Which of these would you not vote for for President?
Born again Christian 366.
Republican 257.
Scientologists 135.
8.
Too fairy.
How is the peepin, Tommy?
Muslim 125.
I hate this 458.
I don't vote 32.
Good.
Black.
Look how many said they wouldn't vote for Black.
But third man.
Rednecks, racists, honkies.
Women 23.
Gay 21.
Democrat 19.
Jew 18.
Atheist 13.
And a Mormon or legal Solomon Tseyate.
Only 7.
Out of 114 votes.
We like the Mormons.
Let's have a Mormon president.
What do you say?
Not that Mitt Romney, guys.
Let's find a better choice than that.
How about Donnie Osmond?
How about Ordhatch?
Oh, God.
I hear he's got a funny little patch.
On his hatch?
No, yeah.
Looks like a...
The State Supreme Court in Georgia reinstated Georgia's Constitutional ban on game marriage today.
Not a good day for game marriage in New York or in Georgia today.
Just hours after New York's high school,
upheld that state's game marriage ban.
The Georgia Supreme Court reversing a lower court judge is ruling decided unanimously
that the ban did not violate the state's single subject rule for ballot measures.
Superior court judge, Constan Russell,
a fault in county had ruled that it did.
76% of Georgia voters approved the ban when it was on a ballot in 2004.
What a shocker, man.
What a shocker to this alpha-cocker that the voters of Georgia would vote to a ban game marriage.
I mean, what other things do they have to worry about, huh?
Nothing.
Maybe they start deliverance too many times.
Maybe they're worried about what's going on up there in the woods.
With Ned Beatty.
It's being Ned Beatty.
I want you actually to watch your network again.
You won't do it, will you?
I'll do it.
Just say you'll do it and say you liked it this time.
Yeah, just lie.
No, no, you shouldn't do it.
You should watch the whole thing.
I did watch the whole thing.
I just watched it in two parts.
Well, I woke up again.
But he did like an ordinary hero.
He didn't see any of the good stuff in the movie because it's the Gordy Weaver had all the good stuff.
Well, at least he thought she did.
I mean, that was one hell of a pill-popping family.
You didn't even see any of that either.
Did you see the seam where she went and she bought the guy gave her the cigar,
the Stokey for the blunt?
Did you see that?
No.
You missed all the good stuff.
Well, don't blame me, man.
It was on TV.
I saw what I saw.
And she passes out on Milan and her enemy neighbor.
Oh, no, I saw that part where she passes out and the neighbor runs over.
She's bringing her over a martini and drops the martini.
No, no, no, no, no.
That was another passing out.
Oh, I'm talking about she passed out of the tank in the big...
Yeah.
To be blunt about it.
1120... 1113 votes on the poll we got today, Van Boereng and Rossi Foxy would have Marlon
Stubman.
There were only nine games under 500 right now after that big...
Yeah.
19, 18 and nine victory yesterday in Washington.
Any interest in those Red Hot Marlins?
Yeah.
Luke Warren.
Actually, Washington's Red Under Rational.
This is a big game in the battle for what?
Third place?
Yeah.
Because you got the Marlins Washington and of course Atlanta, which is having a one-hole renders here.
Isn't nice to see that.
It's like those choking, disgusting pigs, man, the braves.
Not nice to see that.
I mean, what's the sense of them winning the pen in any way?
Because then they wind up losing the world serious.
They only want to...
I believe one time.
I correct about that.
You are correct.
In this modern history when they win the...
The visionary year and then they wind up choking and gagging in the world serious.
So who the hell needs a bunch of chokers and gaggers?
I think we ought to have a gag order on the braves.
Including the chipper Jones.
He's a lady.
I'm telling you, man, what you were saying about Orrin Hatch before, Hatch, whatever else?
He's got it.
Trust me.
Now, how come they're picking on my good buddy, Cristiano Ronaldo, just because they didn't
score no goals this day, they had nil.
11.57 if I...
You don't even know who that is, either one of you do.
Oh, yeah.
Number 17 for a Portugal.
There's like...
6,500 Ronaldo's in the World Cup.
No, he's the only one to count.
That other one that's skinhead, he's a...
He's a dissed.
He did score from Brazil and he scored two goals in that one game.
Let me go, you!
How's Brazil doing, by the way?
Didn't they get beat?
Yeah.
Too bad.
And all European final, man, the French against the Italians, holy moly.
We've been at all European semi-final.
It's though, it's teacher people, a lesson or two, all in Mabiner's, George.
Huh?
Three minutes still new in a QIM.
Let me tell you again, the only great place to take your feet is Brandy Shoes.
It's the largest independent shoe retailer in all of South Florida.
I've been raven about Brandy's for years, and you will too.
You'll never buy shoes anyplace else after your first trip to Brandy's.
Because when it comes to price, selection and service, they are absolutely unbeatable.
They got all the top names, Floreshrime, Echo, Rockport, Mephisto, New Balance, Hush, Puppies,
tons of other name Brand shoes and all sizes for men and women, and they even have those wide wits and hard to find sizes.
In fact, the only thing they do at Brandy is a shoe, so you never have to worry about size selection and service.
Go see our good buddy Arnie, he'll make sure you get the right fit and the right price too.
You'll find Brandy's in that same location they've been doing it great for years and years, 1290,
North Federal Highway and Pumpino Beach between Atlantic and Copa's on the east side.
You can't miss it.
Brandy's is open every day, Monday through Saturday till 9, and every Sunday till 5.
In this week, like I told you before, it's a red tie sale of Atlantic Brandy's, thousands and consignions appears on special sale,
famous brands, men's and women's styles.
So it's a great way to get your ass in there and say a lot of cash and do your feet upright or do your shoe shopping right there on your fat ass.
Just log on to brandy's shoes.com.
This is Neil Roger.
All right, this is 5.62 A.S.
Hey, I'm Fra'l, Yliana, Ross Leidman, and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels.
And listening to the new R.O.K. Amunista Hour.
Take out your poop!
On the 9.11 Widows and in particular a group that had been outspoken and critical of the administration,
these rods are millionaires, why am I eyes on TV?
I've never seen people enjoying their husband's death so much.
Yeah, and cold to so bad, she is full of pain.
Absolutely.
Makes everybody angry, gets the lip, rolls on, worked up, worshiped by the fox news game,
ties his drawn downtown, but if she ever ended up missing, no one would care at all.
You can't be a widow, you can't be a priest.
You know that you're a tag, if you ever disagree.
Wonder what she's saying again by dropping her bomb on.
She's her thoughts are so just by tapping her earring bones.
Can you face her go away?
Can we break her skinny lips?
We wish each other great, but if broken in the way,
is she a woman anyway?
One thing we should contain, and talk to such great, and talk to such great.
Can you hear me?
Can you hear me?
Can you hear me?
Can you hear me?
Can you hear me?
Can you hear me?
Can you hear me?
Can you hear me?
Can you hear me?
Can you hear me?
Can you hear me?
Can you hear me?
Yes, they're all over the new.
I'll tell you one thing.
We'll put her out of her misery and all the rest of us too.
That's a good idea.
That's a good idea.
Can you hear me?
Yes, today and man quoted today.
That would be sensational.
You hear about Canton Harris's plane by the way.
Talk about a phone, he's man.
Talk about a simple thing.
The Stephen Harper there, the Canadian Prime Minister,
was there with Dufus Bush?
For the country.
In Olsen, or did she?
He heard the interpreter.
Because now he started out in English,
and now he's more into frog.
Now he's doing the French routine and translating.
I have enough theorists.
Oh my god.
Partly, if we get lost, you phony, you piece of turd you.
You Bush wannabe.
Four minutes past noon at 560 W.A.M.,
Hey listen, it's hot.
Nobody wants to get all whipped up in angry, okay?
Let's just have a few laughs, right?
Take a few of these great calls.
We actually finally did get one call.
You said I wouldn't get a real one.
I don't tell me you like on the average day,
you're not getting any real callers?
Oh, I guess, yeah.
What?
I get some real callers.
So what?
You got to take 100 to get a couple.
Well, so what's wrong with that?
It kills lots of turd.
I told you that.
You take 100 and all of a sudden,
you least expect that some fantastic thing comes in there
and like you just a little bit of man.
You get a third.
You get a little bit of a leave.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
If you do call, by the way, say your crap fast.
Because we got the Marlon pregame show at 1230.
Marlon's on Dreck, and then we got the Marlon's in the dance.
At 105.
Don't forget to stick around.
Or check back what is later to see if the ballgame is over
so the mad dog will be on.
Like the used to see on S.U.N.
Check back what is later.
Maybe we'll have something on you like.
But we doubt it.
But check back what is later.
WQAM, hello.
Recharge number one, tracking it.
WQAM, hello.
Recharge number two, tracking it.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, I was a guy on the meal.
Yes, sir.
Oh, man, good to hear you.
I just want to tell you how it's listening to Y-100 this morning.
And they were going absolutely crazy with a fart montage.
Really?
Oh my goodness.
My chance at Kenny Walker don't think
when he comes over to do mornings in August, he's going to be farting on QAM.
Oh, man, they had a sick song back to back about, you know,
I knew it was just let them rip, man.
Those fart noises were going nuts.
What?
Oh, man, I was wishing I had one more.
I think we're going to have their ass on a plate pretty soon if they don't watch it.
Oh, man, that was...
What was that?
I don't know, I thought I heard a fart sound.
Okay, listen, close your cheeks tight, Palli, and hang loose.
Or hang tight.
How do you like that?
They're farting up a storm on my Marlon's.
How do you like that, Joyce?
Yeah.
They were doing it on Nickelodeon the other day too.
Well, we can't fart on this day.
You know, something that's America for it, that's what's happened now.
You can't even fart in peace.
God almighty, when you think, and this business, well, he reads APR news copy on it,
when we can't do anything, anyway, we can't say anything.
The idea that we're even still on a year and have like even a measurable number
is a major miracle what's going on now.
We got the new general man, he's having a lobotomy at the moment.
The program director, such as it is, keeps coming in there.
I'll think that I'm going to like talk to it, and I'm not going to talk to it.
I'm not going to like smell it, talk to it, acknowledge it.
I go, why not do with it?
Now, you were witness to that again this morning.
How many times have I told him?
How many times?
About 30, man.
I want to talk to you.
There's nothing in my counteract, since I need to deal with you.
So if you want me to continue to show up doing these shows very rarely during the summer
thank God, but if you want these show, then just leave me alone.
There's nothing that you're going to bring to the table, okay?
Besides a still piece of halivar, there's nothing you're going to do.
So I'm going to bring to the table, Clarence, that we need.
It's going to contribute to my show, to George, to George Cordes, to anybody connected with
this show, because it's not a sports show, so get out of our face.
You quizzling you.
Juferi.
God.
Atlantic City's 12 casinos began shutting down for the first time ever at 8 o'clock yesterday
morning as they knew Jersey budget crisis that began the first in July continued.
I'm going to tell you, when they shut down racing at the metal lands, that's when they start
reading cross-and-my-fat ass.
The government shut down, which has resulted in the closure of all non-essential government
offices, began after the state legislature failed to adopt a new budget by the Constitutional
deadline last Friday.
Among the non-essential government agencies affected by the shutdown was the State Casino
Control Commission, which is charged with regulating gambling and Atlantic City's casinos.
I have no authority nor is there any law to support the notion that casino inspectors
are essential state employees.
Governor Corazine told state legislators, state employees are deemed essential.
I exempt from the furlough.
The casinos contribute some $1.2 million in tax revenue to the state each day, each day
according to the Casino Control Commission.
How do you like that?
Governor Corazine urged the assembly to come to a consensus quickly saying there's much
more at stake than a cancel visit to Atlantic City or Brian Steers not winning six races tonight
at the metal lands.
And by the way, we better get the metal lands back racing again so we can get that damn
meadows off of my horse network on a cable here.
My God.
What is my buddy Marty Adler?
I wonder if we're going to hear the post-barator.
There's going to be any audio here.
I never want to miss Brit with Barquayevs.
Remember that they Marty Adler called in the voice of Windsor Raceway for the last time
years?
No.
Yeah, you do.
Get out of here.
Three Skylar Seals to Rail Colors.
There's racing from Windsor, man.
Anyway, now they got the meadows on there with a screaming shouting lunatic Roger Houston.
Oh, brothers, he'd drive me up.
I'll talk about an ego.
He makes misstern seem like mis-manners, just unbelievable.
A lot of control.
Roger Houston.
He was the first to answer a top and no park by the way.
I just mentioned passing.
I met his past noon at 560.
Remember what I told you before they showed me?
No, but he wants you about horse racing.
Keep that in mind.
Okay.
I'll start.
Race time.
Red Ross.
Hey, Hurricane season is here.
Don't wait until it's too late to protect your home.
Hurricane Shut-A-Route let us hear.
Do what yourself, Hurricane panels.
Now why would you want to bother with those big home and from the warehouses?
When the hurricane shut-aroute let us your complete source for hurricane protection.
You can do it yourself and save a ton of cash.
They've got everything you need to get the job done and save you that big money.
They stock all sizes of clear polycarbonate hurricane panels and aluminum panels that are cut to your needs and ready for pickup or delivery.
All products are Dave Rowan and Palm Beach County approved to contractors and installers welcome may accept all major credit cards.
Dave Rowan and Palm Beach County approved step-by-step and stresses are included.
So why would you want to pay all that extra cash for installation?
When the hurricane shut-aroute let us get you everything you need to do it yourself and save you big.
Call them at 9.5.4.237.7083 or log on to their website, hurricaneshut-aroute.com.
Tell them that you'll send you to get 100 bucks off a minimum or to 350 square feet just for mentioning my name.
You'll find them at 600 Anson Boulevard in Hallendale on the east side of I-95 between Hallendale Beach Boulevard and Pemberton Road.
Here's that number again.
9.5.4.237.7083 or log on to their website, hurricaneshut-aroute.com.
This is Neil Rogers, Rock Solid Miss, based 5.16 QA.
Because of restrictions by majorly baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at WQAM.com.
When the Marlins game is over, we return to regular programming here online at WQAM.com.
Want a lollipop little boy?
Hello and welcome to a color affair.
Mr. Bush, have you seen Al Gore's movie on Global Warming?
The Hennesseen movie.
I heard about it.
Well, it's excellent.
So what are your thoughts on Global Warming?
But that's why the world is just getting warmed up.
What have global consequences?
What cross the globe?
And it could spread quickly across the globe.
And across the world.
And it is dangerous.
It is dangerous.
I'm confident when you work the at warring for the good of the world, it's in its hard work.
And I would like this to end as quickly as possible within a month.
So what we, speaking of something spreading quickly across the globe, is really dangerous.
How about fascism?
Sounds good to me.
There are thousands of people.
Yeah, there you go.
All those thousands of people that you got there, blood on your hands, Mr. Hodge shot.
Two lunatics standing there side by each.
Anyway, we got the, what's the point of getting an exercise about it?
Okay, the American people don't give a crap.
They're like, dumber than sawdust.
We got 1100 vote, 11.52.
Aren't you impressed?
I am.
So it's just past noon and we got 11.52.
So you want to start learning about how to do your pull business, Mr.
Yeah, but I can't think of a poll until the next morning.
Why not?
Because make it party your day away gene, man.
Make it party your agenda.
I can never remember.
Party your heterosexual agenda.
And besides, I like to see how it shapes out like right after we put it on there.
What does that mean?
I like to see how it, you know, how it takes off like right from the beginning while it's fresh.
So if you can't put it on there the night before you can, you know,
and if we should happen to think of something, you know, between the two of us and collars and anybody else,
then you know, we want to have the new additions have a chance.
I see.
But okay, just laziness.
That's what I was going to get to.
Speaking of gadgets, Microsoft Corporation is playing to have a portable music and video player out by Christmas
and it challenges Apple computers, iPod.
I haven't read all these negative things about the iPod.
I like my iPod.
I don't care what anybody says.
It has its pluses and minuses.
What are the minuses?
It doesn't have a lot of options.
Like.
Like to be able to queue up a song while you're listening to another one to be able to delete files from it from the device itself.
I see.
You'll be able to use other management programs to work it like all of the other things.
Right.
You know, you can use any music management.
Well, I mean, there isn't any devices ever been made.
They couldn't be better.
Correct.
Right.
As far as the glitz value, nothing is glitzier and slicker and smaller than the iPod.
I wonder if anybody's got the new HD to Shiba DVD player yet.
I've been looking for it.
I can't find one yet.
I got a better one.
I'm on it.
I could buy one.
But what's the point of buying it when there's no material out there for it?
You are correct.
But it's a little weight for it all to get sorted out.
The prices come down.
And then we still got this thing between it.
Just like VHAs.
VHAs.
Ask.
The same thing again.
V8 or VHS.
And then we got the Shiba one.
And then we got the Sony one.
It's going to be a totally different technology.
And the disks are not going to be compatible.
And it'll be compatible.
But the same thing they do again.
It keeps screwing us over, man.
Oh, whatever happened to the great days of the H-Rack.
Oh, yeah.
The Senate has recently...
He's still doing the whole thing in French.
This bastard.
This lunatic.
Because the translate isn't the whole thing in French.
It's in French Harper.
Oh, my God.
I wonder what Bush is thinking.
Dumbly thing, dumb frog.
And Harper is probably thinking dumb bastard.
And of course, they both got a good point.
Anyway, the digital player will have a wireless internet connection,
enabling users to download music without being linked to a computer.
A feature that the iPod doesn't offer, according to people briefed on redman,
washed and based Microsoft plans.
Microsoft, the world's largest and most hated software maker,
is seeking to take a share from Apple's iPod, which commands 77% of the $4 billion
US market for digital music players.
Apple's iTunes music story is used for 72% of music downloads.
Microsoft has spent the...
By the way, where's my next disk?
Oh, music disk?
Now I've only got 3,400 songs in it, iPod.
I've only got 1,400 songs in it.
I've only got 1,400 songs in it.
I've only got 1,400 songs in it.
I've only got 1,400 songs in it.
I've only got 1,400 songs in it.
I've only got 1,400 songs in it.
I've only got 1,400 songs in it.
I've only got 1,400 songs in it.
I've only got 1,400 songs in it.
I've only got 1,400 songs in it.
I've only got 1,400 songs in it.
I've only got 1,400 songs in it.
I've only got 1,400 songs in it.
I've only got 1,400 songs in it.
I've only got 1,400 songs in it.
I've only got 1,400 songs in it.
No, just 10.
Why is it 10?
Why is it 10?
You're just busting.
Oh, you are a bastard.
How could anybody not like me, except the course for wasn't in?
Could be Maria.
Maria Maria.
Could be Maria Maria.
Could be Maria Maria.
Could be Maria Maria.
Could be Maria Maria.
Could be Maria Maria.
Could be Maria Maria.
Could be Maria Maria.
Could be Maria Maria.
Could be Maria Maria.
Could be Maria Maria.
Could be Maria Maria.
Could be Maria Maria.
Could be Maria Maria.
Could be Maria Maria.
Could be Maria Maria.
Could be Maria Maria.
Could be Maria Maria.
Could be Maria Maria.
Could be Maria Maria.
I don't know.
5,6,7,05.
I got a really good article here.
I don't know whether I should attempt to...
I got time by Tony Norman of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette,
more lap dogs than watch dogs.
See, I got just enough time to read one more AP
or wire copy story.
And then we got that pre-game music.
Oh, yeah.
Child by city of New Orleans, Barlow Gutton.
And then it's the end of the time just like it.
It does have its similarities.
Like a rip off.
Sounds like an AMAN culture job to me.
Tony Norman writes, and he starts with a quote from I.F. Stone,
who said, every government is run by liars,
and nothing they say should be believed.
And I would say to him,
absolute incorrecture.
As hypothetical questions go,
I.F. Stone biographer, Myron McPherson,
was asked to no brainer at the National Society of Newspaper
Commons Convention in Boston over last weekend.
If Izzy were alive today,
would he supremely skeptical investigative reporter
who wore his iconic clasm like a new surround his own neck,
have exposed the Bush administration's monitoring
of international banking transactions?
Ms. McPherson, a former Washington Post-Report
and author of the upcoming All Governments Lie,
the life and times of rebel journalist I.F. Stone,
didn't equivocate for a second.
Yes, she said, with firmness that defy the conventional wisdom of politicians
like jury-eating in the dark waters of these sensorious times.
Oh, I love that sensorious times.
What one does that paper come out?
I guess every day.
Two days earlier,
the Do Nothing House of Representatives passed a non-viding sense
of the Congress resolution designed to browble eat the median
to resuming the supine position it perfected
in the run-up to the Iraq War.
House Majority Leader John Bainer of Ohio
engaged in another exercise in empty symbolism.
For newspapers, the New York Times specifically,
and others who followed their lead,
who have disclosed the existence of the program,
I think jeopardizes the safety of the American people Mr. Bainer said.
Not to be outdone, represented Barney Fag,
Barney Franco-Mastatussets,
offered up a milder version of a bad media resolution,
which, like all Democratic initiatives these days,
collapsed under the weight of its own wimpiness.
While most Democrats were made out spoken in their opposition
to any resolution with a stated intention
of intimidating the media,
it can't help but sense that they were party on the verge of being rolled again.
When Comedy Central Stephen Colbert cracked lies at the White House Correspondent's dinner,
the reporters should continue taking the administration's dictation regarding the war,
an indignant Washington press court took Umbridge,
insisting Mr. Colbert was rude and unfunny.
But as usual, it took a satirist far removed from DC's daily banalities
to intuit the truth.
It is ironically,
Mr. Colbert articulated what would become the openly stated policy
of the Republican-controlled Congress a few months later.
Identify as treasonous any news outlet that dares to tell the American people the truth
about how the war on terror has gone terribly awry.
If this comes,
we're sedicted to flag symbolism and game-mirage bans,
but allergic to actual war candidates' way,
we wouldn't know about the rendition of suspected terrorists,
the so-called Black Sites in Europe,
warrantless domestic wiretapping,
or prisoner of use at Abu Gharram and Ghantanambo Bay.
The furious calls for investigating new organizations
and prosecuting reporters are fueled by a transparently false outrage
that exploits the soft and amorphous patriotism of ordinary citizens.
After years of being encouraged to view the news media as just another arm
of the vast corporate entertainment complex that rules our lives,
it's difficult to think of the fourth of status having a profound rule to play
and a properly functioning democracy.
With the exception of the times and a handful of other papers,
much of the media is silly and irrelevant.
Politicians sense this and have decided to take advantage of it.
Bloggers and documentarians will eventually fill the vacuum
of newspapers abandoned their historic rule out of fear.
A generation ago,
is he stone-exposed President Lyndon Johnson as a liar
for orchestrating the Gulf of Tuckin Resolution
that gave the U.S. a pretext for expanding the Vietnam War?
While the rest of the Washington Press Corps happily
wrapped up the Johnson administration's lies,
is he worked tirelessly to require the documents
that have indicated stories that seem shocking at the time?
As journalists, we have a responsibility to rail against the erosion of press freedoms.
Is he one said, you may think I'm just think I'm a red-use son of a bitch,
but I'm keeping Thomas Jefferson alive, amen to that.
Is he one of six men in the band?
23 pass known at 56 WQM,
picture yourself cruising the waters of this game,
Bayot sunset, the Mimie Skyline off the bow,
I'm a bitch behind you, but you don't own a boat?
That may be the best news of all,
who wants all the grief and headaches and expense?
Call a club notico right now and rent you a boat,
1-800-volt rent,
the new club notico on South Beach,
and keep a skin have top-of-the-line seeray boats ready to rent,
exhilarating power boats, new models prepped and waiting for you,
and their seerays, the Mercedes of boats too.
Call 1-800-volt rent,
and club notico will get you hooked up.
During the club of club notico and save even more,
boat rental after boat rental, do all the work for you.
No preparations, no docking fees, no maintenance,
no cleaning up when you're done, no hassles whatsoever.
Considering the cost of boat ownership,
you can't afford not to choose the smart way to go,
the new club notico on South Beach,
you keep a skin,
call them at 1-800-volt rent right now.
Club notico, they set the standard on the seas,
1-800-volt rent.
This is Neil Rogers.
