I was watching that last minute and a half.
I'm so sorry.
When Brindamore knocked that shot through.
Yeah.
Boy, they just how many times this year has that happened to them?
About 30, man.
Thank you.
Over and over again.
Two nights in a row.
Yeah.
Well, that's their specialty.
That's the specialty of the house.
They could have put it together, a nice back to back.
Well, they didn't have a good one.
They didn't have no, didn't they?
By the way, you're right.
I was watching those things got no heart.
That place was dominated by empty seats.
Right.
Oh, they, and I wonder what they put for the attendance.
I'll have to look it up here in a second.
I don't know, but when you can see the empty seats down close.
Yeah, chunks.
They're, you'll always see in a lower bowl.
They're like big chunks of sections that are like basically empty.
I was wondering if maybe people left early, but I don't think so.
Yeah.
Getting on a computer, all these offers,
oh, four free seats if you buy a hot dog in a large soda.
I mean, it's a joke.
You know, and the reason they do that is so they can goose up those phone
and the attendance numbers.
If it makes Alan Cohen feel better, that's fine.
But it's not bringing any money into the till.
No heart.
They got no guts.
I'll tell you who's also got no heart.
There's a real jackass, and that's Greg Cotex at the hero.
What do you do now?
You're not even familiar with what they're doing?
Oh, I heard you talking about it yesterday.
Yeah.
Now, let me ask you, does he appear on that station?
No, I don't think so.
I guess so.
I don't know.
Because we know that the hero is about an obsessed relationship
with our friends across the street.
He's probably on air as a guest from time ago.
Yeah, what surprised me?
And so he conducts a bogus poll where he puts everybody that's ever been
through the door over there on, and then we get only four people listed
from our station, and of course gives them a big head start,
and then I get a facts informing me, which I'm sure came from across the street,
informing me about it so we can like promote them.
Which is fine with me.
I have no problem there.
I'll talk about them all he wants.
But you're not in the poll.
No, I'm not.
I'm an ex-sluit from the poll.
Sorry, Neil Rogers, but only a sport shows.
You know, as if I don't exist.
I would be like having the ratings come out,
and well, tend to we don't get anything because there's no sports show on there.
He's got the same mentality as our program director.
All he knows about his sports.
That's all he knows.
If it's not a sports show, it doesn't exist.
And the interesting part is the comments on his blog,
and regard the poll, there are 28 comments,
and about 20 of them mentioned yours truly,
and about those 20, about 17 of them in a very positive light.
Sorry, Greg Kotex, you idiot, you losers.
You failed.
We moron.
What a newspaper, man.
What a joke.
It was never any good in the first place,
but Manikip's going down and down.
Jim DeFetus was right.
Remember what he said that Colony wrote about before we got canned about?
Well, this used to be a great newspaper.
We can't afford it anymore.
So we're doing the best we can.
I have an update on Jim.
He's going to be doing commentaries on WFOR.
Oh my God, hopefully behind a mask.
He's going to be on...
Oh, regularly.
He makes Michael Norler's like Brad Pitt.
And he's a winning radio show, but I don't know where.
Radio show might be okay.
I don't know about him.
He's got a body for radio, not for TV.
He's going to have a Saturday radio show someplace.
It looks like somebody took Buddy Nevin's
and stuck a bicycle pump up his ass and just blew him up
to about 10 times the size, like he came out of a dumpster.
You ever see him?
Jim DeFetus?
Only in pictures.
Oh my God.
Oh, wow.
How about a shave in a bath would be good for a start?
Brush your teeth?
Yeah, maybe brush those nasty teeth.
Other than that, we don't want to start out ripping people
out today other than great code text.
So let's see, if the last time I checked about 10 minutes ago,
we got 1196 votes.
And of course, it doesn't really mean that much,
because there's crossover between the two stations.
But the mad dog is first and your second
in the most popular on our station.
And then you got a pretty good lead there in the ones
that hate you like poison.
And then over the other side, let's see, Joe Rose 175,
Daniel Abaster, 150, of those about at least 80
I would say are from him, him and his boyfriends.
That guy, man, you talk about an ego.
He makes Steve Kane look modest.
I don't know what his story is.
What an egotistical labaster.
Well, that kind of a poll, you know,
so people can just keep hitting it, right?
Yeah, you can keep going back and doing it again.
I remember one year the herald had a right in survey
on most popular and least popular.
And I got both.
Right.
Which is good.
I remember that because I talked about it on the year
and I said, like Howard Cosell used to get the same.
He was the most popular and also the most hated.
Right.
Which means at least people knew who he was and they had an opinion.
Yeah, and it means it, uh, if there's nobody doesn't like you,
then you've got a problem.
That's right.
But when they're appeared like, like, we can just Steve Kane
when 95% of the audience hates you like poison,
then you have a big problem.
That's pretty revealing reading the comments there,
including from Eddie.
There's this Eddie, some of our crazy people on there too.
That's good.
And then there are a couple of messages that sign,
Howard David on there too.
Oh, right.
Well Howard, I appreciate them.
I mean, you're not really not the real,
you know, couple of our clowns out there once.
If anybody at QM is reading this could you please send my hair piece
I looked at it at the station.
Things like that.
Huh.
He left a muskrat.
He's kind of a ramblin guy.
Remember the muskrat, ramblin, let's, uh, the moment.
But, yeah, then you saw a mo go.
I won't see him no mo.
You know, but it's kind of amazing that we have all this other stuff going on.
And the still life goes on here.
We said, well, what are they going to talk about after I leave?
Well, we haven't really talked about him that much.
And don't plan on doing it.
Got other fish to fry.
So I'm trying to get called or reopened.
What do you mean reopened?
Well, you mean for the sound casting else thing?
Yeah, the division, even if it's in stolen accords,
could give them a stay and let them continue.
But here's something that's really incredible.
Are you start with that horse racing man?
First we start off with the horse racing.
I'm talking what's going on in the state of Florida.
I do get to get to the front of the street to sabotage my show.
Go ahead.
This is about the state of Florida and how it operates.
I know that.
And this is very akin to what happened with the slots.
But the slots, the head of the division has,
they've been trying to reach him from all the tracks since December 16th.
He has not returned to phone call.
Oh, he sounds like Troy Stradford in our sales department.
That's what he regulates.
That's what he's supposed to be regularly.
I have an account that called Josh Cordis this morning
and has left message after message for Troy Stradford
who won't return their call.
Left a message for our salesman who also wouldn't return their call.
How do you like that?
One of our fine account.
Well, the salesman is busy, you know.
Doing what?
Looking for another job?
I hear he's up for the division of paramutual wagering job.
He'd be a perfect fit.
He'd be great for that.
And he'd be always a AWOL.
You got the item to do anything at you?
Yeah, that business is about not calling people back.
That's just, that's the way our former general manager used to operate.
So anyway, a guy called me, he foe,
and wouldn't return his calls because he didn't really hire him.
And the like the time he hired Rimmer and wouldn't return his calls
because he didn't really hire him.
But anyway, go ahead.
No, you'll appreciate this.
A guy called earlier today and said that he called the division
and talked to somebody there who said that they were acting on instructions
from somebody much higher up.
Now, who would that be?
My high rod.
Our governor?
You mean the Fed asked governor?
Yes.
Huh.
I'll be damned.
So indications are another attempt to sabotage gambling in this thing?
Yeah, they're doing everything in their power.
I mean, it's the most bizarre thing.
It's supposed to be, it reminds me of Hyman Roth and Michael Crowley-One.
It's supposed to be partners.
And the one side is doing everything in their power to the sandbag the other side.
Yeah.
And by the way, they get money out of this industry.
It's right.
That's what I'm saying.
Yeah.
Partners where the state takes a nice chunk of cash millions of dollars every year.
And this is a state that, you know, doesn't have any state income tax.
And that this way you always need a money.
Can't afford this.
Can't afford that.
But they just don't want that money when it's associated with gambling.
Always evil.
That's really bad.
Unless you like that lottery, man, if you want to get that annuity for the next 400 years.
Yeah.
That really worth it.
I would think about 20% of what they promised you if you wanted all in a lump sum.
Oh, well, what's up with you today?
Oh, what day is it Thursday?
Yeah.
You're getting ready for my big, uh, my big trip tonight revolves this weekend.
It better be every six weeks or so.
I trek on down there.
Tell you you like that place.
Beautiful casino.
They got a big sports book.
How far is it from Detroit?
Hmm, about 300 miles.
That's not bad.
Well, do you even have to worry about going there?
You got the casino's in Detroit.
Yeah, I'll be there.
You got that big casino in Windsor, too.
I'll be going to the one in Detroit because I know the people who own that one.
They've got all those strip clubs in Windsor, too, as a matter of fact.
Well, maybe I'll take a ride across.
Yeah, like I said, across the ambassador bridge.
No, seriously, Windsor racetrack.
They got a beautiful casino, two with 3000 slots.
Although I don't think they got the full gaming there.
You want them want to go there?
But they have, well, you know, they got the big casino's in Detroit.
Yeah.
They've had bodyguard.
I'm just telling you right now.
You don't even have to go outside to get there from what I understand.
You know, even when I lived there, which was the early 70s,
of course, after 67, after it was that burn baby burn routine,
even early 70s, it was one of those deals where all the white people
just could move in further and further.
Then they built that stadium.
It kind of was a tip off when they built the Silverdoman Pontiac.
Now, most people, if they're not from Michigan,
they don't know their geography.
Just take a look on the map and see where Detroit is and where Pontiac is.
It would be like building the Dolphin Stadium like in Stuart.
It's an hour from the airport.
Right.
It's a long ways away.
Yep.
I remember when we had Willow Run airport.
There used to be two airports commercial in Detroit.
Remember Willow Run?
No.
Well, I sure do.
I go back in Detroit a long time.
I remember when it was, like, Detroit that often.
Oh boy.
It used to be just fabulous.
You'd be driving on the Itsel Ford of the John Logger Expressway
about 90 miles an hour in the Coport-Gobaya like you were standing still.
But it was great.
During the Hadea of Motown, you'd have your radio cranked up,
your AM radio, WS YZ, T-K-L-W.
But you can't live in the past, you know what I'm saying?
Right.
All these people say, well, all you old Farts, you live in the past.
You think the past were so much better.
And you know why we think the past didn't really matter.
So much better because it was oh man, it sure was God
Take me back to Hazel Park back in the day
Then there was a place on eight mile road where they had one of those like I was called top-at hamburgers
Just came back into my mind and if we'd have a bad night of the track on a way back to Kalamazoo
We'd stop the top-at through the drive-through they had to end the little burgers like white castle. Oh, Sliders
Yeah, the Sliders just open up the truck and say fill her up
You know give me a hundred roasts. Those were the best
Like around four o'clock in the morning when you're out. Yeah, well, would they give you a odd to demand with you?
You have to have like a bottle of salt or whatever. Oh, look at this. I just got a spider port. You'll be very interested in this
Oh, no, oh
No, yeah, you know something. I don't you're gonna plots when you hear this you can't handle it
Trimie Rick
One of our semi-quantic factions says Greg Kotis is a regular on 790
He's called the singing sports writer Elaine mtept at song parodies
He and his boyfriend La Bastard sit there and lick each other on the ear and his group ball actually tries to sing
Putting full efforts to his high pitch voice very sad if it wasn't for commercials on 560 nobody would ever listen to that station except
Maybe for Joe Rose occasionally when Hankson's commercial break. How do you like that commercials? I didn't yeah
No listen to that. He's he's a show. He's on her station
And he's doing a pull and leaves me off of it and puts four people from our station
I think we had a sue other I mean here old. I'm gonna file a damn lawsuit about a billion dollars. Yeah
But as you say yesterday this has nothing to do with ratings so
Yeah, who cares? No, that's not the point though
But it's another lame attempt just like when the 60 90 went on or whatever was the fan
I really jackass they put a column on the front page of the front section. Oh big competition for a few way of the
Hero does that everything they can to like destroy our lives, and I think it's time they paid for it
I think we ought to call Luca Brasi. I
Think about a call of Jim DeFeedy and he can go over there in the middle of the night and take care of Venice
You know I'm saying he can go over there and take a big dump on somebody's desk. Oh
That's not a pretty picture. No, that's what I'm saying. I'll leave you with that. Think about that one the rest of the day
Thanks a lot that whole building might just get sucked into the earth after that happened have a great day
Kaboom see you maniana
We're done what he comes to sports
Something about something somebody told me I don't know if it's true or not that Nick Savings had something about
Trading up for the opportunity to give them young is that true? Yeah, yeah, well, what was the trade?
We're giving up Seth McKinney and next year's number six to move up from 16
So you can get him really yeah, do you think that would be good for us all?
No, I'm too a lot of backing you know, that's too big a price to pay really. Yeah. All right, man, dog. Okay, Ricky Winkie
24K
You've got a lot of bucks in your rich way.
I think you suck at you son of a bitch, way better.
You made a lot of money by ripping off a space to love and fans.
I think it's true that we, down deep, you'll always see a garbage man.
And now the marlins are in my place.
Wait, I'd like to punch you right in the face.
Wait, are you a lot of people want a bum and at the mention of your name?
You take good tea and group with it, and I know just why you're doing it.
We always get us growing with Wayne.
You really put us down in a dumpster, Wayne.
You played us all for Major League jumps, Wayne.
You're gonna sell the marlins and you will collect a pile of cash.
It's kind of strange that now somebody else is thinking of your trash.
You're a bald and a cock-mark head, make me sick.
Wayne, those who I'd like to give you a little kick.
You're not the brown shirt ownership that the show's a lack of brains.
I don't care what you buy yourself, go way up and visit sales.
I wish that you were going to help Wayne.
Hey Wayne, I think that's true.
Oh, okay, if I haven't played any longer, you know what I mean?
In fact, we've probably played a lot of stuff we haven't played in a long time.
Amazing.
So Greg Cotex, it turns out, is an inside, another one of those insiders over there across the street,
just like Barry Jackass, only even more so because they wouldn't put Barry on the ear who would.
But isn't that something?
He's the singing sports rider.
Oh man, it sounds so...
Wow, Greg, you're fair.
You idiot.
Well, it's 10-16 already, we're better to see him.
Yeah.
Why do I try to start from a return across from your clients, you Jackass?
Man, oh man.
If he ever comes in here again and you let him speak to me, I will never speak to you again.
I'm telling you that right now.
Just keep his nasty ass out of that.
I can smell it all the way up here.
Mark the time, Don Jack.
Resolve yourself to a better night's sleep in 2006 by calling 1-800-Matrus right now.
Nothing's got a bigger impact on your daily health, well-being and productivity than a good night's sleep.
And you get one as soon as tonight.
If you make that one easy call, just call the Isle of Matrus 1-800-Matrus right now.
If your mattress is more than 10 years older, it's noticeably sagging or lumpy or bumpy or schmootsy.
It's time for a new one.
Through some of the complete lines, Celi asserted Simmons, King Quirrell, Tempurpetic, and Stearns, and Vanana's Foster too.
Dialometrist takes same day orders all day long from Kendall to Stewart, Palm Beach to Fort Myers.
And you still pick to date into our delivery window, you want that mattress delivered?
They show up on time 99.7% of the time, almost perfecto.
That's why I've been using them for years and I guarantee you'll be a happy customer too.
So start off the new year right with a great new mattress from Dialometrist and sleep like a baby for years to come.
Pick up the phone right now, give me a call. It's the easiest piece of shopping anybody could dream of.
Just call 1-800-Matrus or log on to their website, mattress.com.
Dialometrist 1-800-MATTRES, leave off the last as because it stands for sensational stoop and this savings.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-Q-A-Wattsaw.
Neil Rogers, God.
Do you know anything about chocolate? From the controversy or mayor of New Orleans, comes a brand new chocolate treat.
This will be chocolate racist peanut buttercops.
How did you make chocolate?
Piece of delicious, bland, dark chocolate.
You take dark chocolate, surrounding a super numb peanut butter.
And because it's Ray Megan's racist peanut buttercops, all the peanut butter has been moved off.
And replaced with chocolate.
That's what the chocolate I'm talking about.
Just the Ray God intended.
It's the Ray God wants it to be.
And he sure to try the delicious new chocolate drink.
Megan's quick.
It makes it the right note and it becomes a delicious drink.
And for chocolate, and everything, what chocolate is the right way?
Racist pieces.
You can't have chocolate no other way.
10-21-5-60-WQ-A-M, happy Tuesday to you.
Let's take a look at that schedule.
We got the Guilty this afternoon.
He'll have his nose all the way down to his toes, which in his case shouldn't be too difficult.
Including Peter King between 3 and 3 and 3.
And I was going to be Peter King or Larry King or Stephen King.
Anyway, then you got mad dog from a 4 to 7.
Rock solid is always.
Rock solid.
Seven o'clock it's Hurray King hotline from Bernie Kostar's steakhouse.
You know that's Bernie, we bought the Panthers!
Kostar.
And then the beast at Bernie's steakhouse 9 to 10, 80 K, 10 o'clock.
No games tonight.
Panthers get a well-needed day to heal their wounds, void a relief suck.
Anyway, you got a major bulletin from the Sun Central right now, which it does not have Greg Kotex on their payroll.
By the way, real quick, their attendance was supposedly 12,517.
Boy, so in other words, if it's at 12,517, it means maybe about 6,7,000.
And let me say this, 12,000 granted it was on a weeknight, but nevertheless,
Caroline has, they got the lead to lead.
It's the hottest team in the league.
They got the ex-Sup Panther Ray Whitney, scored on a shootout, by the way.
And some people that folks actually heard of and saw for, but nevertheless, that's pretty lame.
And then it includes thousands and thousands of freebie tickets given away.
Like, oh, if you're at Stephen Ticket order, we're giving like 8 for 1.
And if you're like, uh, via a small soda and a piece, a slice of pizza,
we're giving like 16 free tickets for each of your best 10 friends.
Yeah.
You're not fooling anybody, Alan.
Okay, you can keep going in, Dynan.
You keep intimidating the Abroadcaster, poured Dave Strader there, who wishes he was back in Detroit or somewhere.
Man.
Anyway, the big bullet in Tiger Woods moving to sprawling $38 million a state on Jupiter Island.
Aren't you excited? He's still boring, his hell.
So he's got millions and billions and billions of constituents in dollars.
He's still bored with me, like crazy.
Lots of boring people are rich.
Oh, yeah.
Like Donald Trump, for example.
Oh.
And George Steinbrenner.
In fact, I think, uh, and Bill Gates, V Gates.
Are there any very wealthy people who are like interesting?
He'll have to.
All right.
He'll have to.
One.
But he's not like crazy wealthy.
He's just, you know, oh, I think he's got a couple of bucks to the stage to wait for that.
I'm to that lumpy mattress.
You don't think I'm thinking, yeah, you know, he must, but that's, uh, what's that David Branson?
Because he's always doing the balloon thing or the this thing or the that thing.
But that's interesting to me.
Yeah, you mean to get from Virgin, the airline, that's the one.
He's the right stuff.
Richard Branson.
That's it.
What about him?
He's always doing stuff.
Yeah, he's doing that interesting to me, but at least he's having a fun.
Well, uh, Donald Trump's always doing somebody too, but nevertheless, usually, uh, who best fits this?
This is our poll for me yesterday.
Somebody needs a person.
And let me say this.
The Harold's defense on this Greg Kotex thing will be, well, that's not our regular column.
That's on his blog.
Well, you know, something right there on a main page of your website, you're promoting it.
You got a link there to it.
Okay.
So you can try to like say, well, that's his personal blog and a Harold didn't write.
But you know, something blow it out your ass.
That's my response to the Harold.
Anything that they can do to try to like, you know, deep six us or screw us over.
And it still doesn't work.
Here we are. How many years later in my case?
30 years later.
Since the day I came to town, had you audacity to knock the Miami Herald on here.
They've been doing everything in their power.
Like stick it to me.
Like stick both feet deep inside my echo body.
And here I am still going strong.
A theater 110.
How do you like that?
You go. I'm over there at the Harold.
You anti-Semites. You lunatics.
You can't even imagine the things that Howard Kleinberg says about you. Well, anyway.
I just made that up.
Someone needs a person out.
Well, that's because the Miami News used to be left a stepchild of the Harold.
And then of course the news disappeared one day.
Miami News wasn't a bad paper.
Except that Howard Ketler, Kleinberg kept writing editorials against Casino gambling,
where privately he told me he was in favor of it.
That's okay how we're all forgiven.
I sure hope he's okay.
And not going to those Panther games.
Who best fits the someone who needs a personality transplant of 1076 votes?
And Al Gore and John Kerry.
Pretty sad commentary. Al Gore is over there with the big film festival
and get with his documentary.
And we're going to save the world and after he fixes the internet's all up.
Right. Right.
Al Gore 197. John Kerry 169.
Oh boy. I know this is supposed to be because we saw that poll on Hillary.
The other day they couldn't find three people who would vote for in a fixed election.
Including Bubba. He said forget about that.
Martha Stewart 108. Joseph Gacky 105.
First Gacky sucks. Okay.
Okay.
And then of course Smith 101. Tiger Woods 82.
With his big $38 million mansion in Palm Beach.
Anybody care? No.
No. Only golf nerds.
Nothing worse than golf nerds.
D-D-D-Dolly.
Ben Stein 57 others.
Another example. Sure.
Oh my god. Is he coma inducing rich?
It was on our he was on the other one.
The other whatever the hell was terminal personality transplant wouldn't do it.
57 Bob Grease 51.
coma inducing.
Mel Gibson 40 60.
Jimmy Cifalus is got.
Third man.
Pete Sanford 28.
Kevin Koster 25.
Benoco 23.
Jeff Gordon 19.
LNG.
Generate 16.
Senator Bill Nelson 14.
And Bernie Williams has five.
The expressionless Bernie Williams is another guy with millions and millions and millions of dollars.
And he's still and tremendous talent.
Still boring. Man is he boy.
God.
He's his boring as vanilla ice cream.
And that says it all.
26 past 10 at 5 60 WQA.
And the air mode coast is Florida's numeral UNO Asian gourmet buffet is ready to bite again restaurant review.
Every Friday through Sunday night you can enjoy lobster fest featuring main lobster served thermidor style.
And every night at the air mode coast is crab fest.
Where less than snow crab legs dungeon is crab and Jonah Stone crabs get those crabs at emerald coast.
The menu still includes fresh oysters on a half cell and a sushi bar with over 30.
But third man.
Different items.
The animal coast also serves New York steaks, juicy and delicious cooked order just the way you like them.
And hand card prime rib to just zillions of delicious fresh items on the menu.
And on the weekends for dessert leave room for the emerald coast famous 40 inch chocolate fountain.
You can hand it if your own strawberries, marshmallows, other deconatries.
And January 27 that sounds like tomorrow to me through February 5th.
Come celebrate the Chinese New Year with the emerald coast featuring roast duck crispy chicken sweetens our fish.
And roasted suckling pig every night too.
The emerald coast has got three can in fact speak and roasted suckling pig maybe Jim DeFeedy will be there.
We'd like an apple in his mouth.
The emerald coast has got three convenient locations to serve you there in sunrise sunny hours beach and prembled primes reservations.
And just call 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 2 2 2 for a real feast at the emerald coast Chinese buffet.
This is the new Roger's.
This is 5 6 2 2 3.
Oh.
Hi.
I'm in my shopping get to the cashier line.
I'll stop behind the old bag almost every time.
Where in my slacks to be here for the space to live.
And starting in line.
Starting in line.
Starting in line.
Looking up the ground see everybody head hanging down to avoid the buzz.
Thanks to missing baby.
Starting in line.
Starting in line.
Driving out a check as he's farting away.
But they won't accept checks from the bank of Bombay.
So she showers her chains for her pennies her coop up and down.
And she's got a lot of money.
Starting in line.
That's pretty 3.
27 before 11 a.m.
I think George is sending these comments over there now on this comment line on this blog.
George me?
Yeah.
For example here's when it says I love Neil Rogers.
He's the real America.
I need some action.
But George he's Hitler.
So I'm Gilbert Salon.
And the next one says Neil Rogers is a communist.
I wouldn't hire him.
I'd rather be a safe number 3 than a controversial number one sent.
Timmy Williams.
The next one says you left Neil Rogers off the pool.
Oh you made a mistake.
You made a mistake signed.
Mike Rosenthal.
And then the next one goes I'm doing a write in for Ed Berliner.
Signed cousin Brucey.
I think Johnny Dark is sending these in or something like that.
Maybe the bird is sending him in from the other side.
Well at least we got our people spicing up your boring blog and your bowl with some cute comments.
Okay.
You jackass and by the way you're singing sucks.
So how do you like that?
The singing sports writer is doing a poll in the herald.
Oh brother give me a break.
Just wait till that next to a trend comes up.
It's going to be really eugly.
Here's a fact from Randy who means well obviously but the poll idea.
Food's that are horrible for you that you can't resist.
Okay.
Well isn't that just about any?
Not everything we want from ice cream and pizza and hot dogs and whatever all of these things right.
And it says you get at least five parts on the show.
I think we just over did our quote on that one bit.
Then you can keep the audience guessing when they're coming all in the beginning or all at the end.
Okay well we'll do that.
We'll have all parts the Friday's.
And we went to bed last night.
Those of us who would care just a little bit even though like I said let them all kill each other over here in the middle of the least.
But thinking that Hamas.
Hamas came in a second.
A respectable second.
Now we wake up this morning in a stunning development ahead of official election results.
Prime Minister Ahmed Korai said today that he and others in the Palestinian Authority government will resign.
Oh I forgot to tell you we got a fire alarm this half hour.
Oh have you want to be a closed door and kind of like new to this or should we like to let's enjoy it.
Let's present in the way.
Well resigned in the wake of Hamas is a current parliamentary victory.
The announcement followed estimates from Wednesday's election that said Hamas.
I want a majority of seats in the 132 seat Palestinian legislative council.
Supply to the ruling Fathach party.
Korai's office it'll be up to Hamas to form a new government.
How do you like that?
And Bush has hubb and dread.
You don't even know what that means.
He said we're not going to have none to do with that until I recognize Israel.
They said screw you.
So it's the same old crap.
In other words we wanted the Palestinians to have a free election and Yadi Yadi and the head election.
And we didn't like the way it come out.
So screw you just like the election in Iraq.
Don't do that.
Huh?
Don't do that.
Don't vote that way.
Yeah.
Well let's so hold the election again.
And of course this is the government that knows best about fixed elections.
Maybe we could put some of them vote machines in next time over there.
Some of those die-bow old babies.
Oh yeah.
That's your double.
Fix it.
Okay now let's see.
Here's today's poll that we got going.
We got so many polls going here.
In fact we already got tomorrow's all set.
Who best fits this?
Someone who thinks they can sing but can't.
You know something we should put Greg Kotex on there.
Let's do it.
He's the singing sports rider.
Get it on there.
Greg Kotex.
Now what is this?
A porn surfing Michigan parole officer is getting his job back with a raise too.
Thomas De Leon was fired in 2004 after I remember that.
After computer law showed he was surfing the internet for about four hours a day.
The records also showed he was visiting ex-rated websites while on the job.
His union appealed saying the firing was excessive for a first time offense.
But an arbitrator is ruled that Department of Corrections policy mandated light discipline
for a first time offense not firing.
The arbitrator said to Leon should have received a one-day suspension.
How do you like that?
The arbitrator said there were 10 similar cases of a correction in employees and none was terminated.
The arbitrator said he was going to be a job along with automatic pay raise and 45 granded back pay.
All right you go Tommy boy.
We got Greg Kotex on the pool now.
We do.
See nobody on the station listens over there except some of our former management people and our program director.
So nobody else listens over there at 790.
So we didn't realize that he was a regular runner even the Humper wasn't worth that.
So it would be like Curtis Stephenson having a pool.
And I apologize to Curtis I'm not lumping in with Greg Kotex.
But having a pool and saying okay well which you know of course Curtis doesn't write for a supposedly major newspaper.
So I guess there is no good comparison.
It's shameless.
That's what you people are there are you just shameless always have been always will be.
What can we do to you know just like that line from Joel Feinberg they'll do anything they heard us.
Well gee what are we going to do?
How can we continue?
They're picking on us.
We'll screw you guys okay?
Hope the hero building burns down hope it burns right to the ground with the Greg Kotex inside of it.
And very jackass.
Who best fits the someone who thinks they can sing with can't?
Yoko Ono 107.
See you shot the wrong person.
Yeah.
Maybe had that aim.
Ashley Simpson she can't even lift sink well 92 and then after that it's kind of far down.
William Hong 54 is he?
William Shatner 53.
John Ascroft 48.
Don't get that Eagle sore.
J. L.O. 40 Kevin Feederline 40.
Kelly Osborne's got 30 man.
Celine Dion 28.
Paris Hilton 22.
David Hasselhoff 22.
Kathy Lee Gifford 20.
Lee Elyse Marie Presley 20.
Bobby D'Alan 18.
Look who's got 17.
Also 17.
For Eddie Murphy same person.
Will Smith has got 16.
I voted for him he just gives me the shpilky right.
We just filled in 15 Tony Danza 14 what we didn't know.
And Rika got 11 which I'm pretty poked about that.
Jamie Fox 10.
Oh and Josh Curtis is really excited to watch in city of God in installment so because I had to go to bed last night.
As long as I get done man.
First half and I got up to the 70s and I stopped there right there and I will after the show I'll finish watching it.
Where I'm eating my lunch.
By the way, yes.
Got a fact here remember how we were talking about Hulk Hogan yesterday and no it's his daughter no it's him.
Yeah well there it is somebody facts in it is Hulk.
He does sing sort of and here it is.
If you're not the reason for a whole committee.
I'm sure tell you how to stay on track.
You get a frankly aware if you divide them into two.
Okay well get him on here right away.
Yeah, get him on here.
Yeah, be in mind.
And we get 11 Jamie Fox 10.
Oh Jamie Fox.
Oh there's the she takes the thing up.
All right.
Justin Tinkerbell 9.
Slice the lone 8.
Then then Johnson.
Don Johnson 8.
Deon Sanders 7.
Bruce Willis 6.
John Revolt of 4.
Patrick Swazie.
I'm going to shut that door.
It's too loud.
All right.
Something cool to do.
Just take good friends to be with you.
You better watch out for where you are at.
You may be just right in your back.
Okay.
Bruce Willis 6.
Did I say Deon Sanders 7?
Well I'll leave Deon out.
Must be the money Deon.
Must be.
He makes me nauseous.
John Revolt of 4.
Patrick Sleazy 3.
Joey Lawrence 3.
Mark Walberg 2.
Philip Michael Thomas 2.
Willie Nelson 2.
David Solzwe.
Oh they got 2.
There was so much conversation about David Solius today.
Don't give up on us.
But Vicki Lawrence 2.
Greg Cotex has always got 1.
The singing sports ready.
Oh god.
It sounds so.
Paul Servino's got 1.
And Paul Covein just went on her 7.
61 whatever that is.
I got the best piece of the book.
And Paul Covein knows that you heard in a long time speaking of polls.
Okay.
But we're going to do the break first.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is by 69.
At 4.
4.
4.
4.
4.
4.
5.
I did have a good time.
I had a good time.
I was 40.
I was 30.
I was 30.
I was 30.
I was 30.
I was 30.
I was 30.
I was 30.
I was 30.
I was 30.
I was 30.
Oh I got one with a great big bench seat.
I got some earthen bitters for the race.
That's what it is.
From all your race and people's parties.
The question is,
he's the poker.
Just organize it.
I put barcoes on my baggy,
check it out.
I made one big and great.
I got some by my own teacher.
But you're going to miss me.
Now that poker can't dis me.
You're sure that I'm a king.
So don't worry.
I'm going to cut out that drop in a pool.
I was 40.
I'm going to roll size in a few minutes.
10.
10.
47.
5.
50.
50.
50.
50.
50.
50.
50.
50.
50.
That starts us now.
I'm worried backwards.
pamprasdics,
Demon's sense.
entrails right now.
Republican's criminality Senate Judiciary Committee.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of American
adults thought Congress should consider impeaching both if he were to have
US citizens without court approval, including 59% of independence and even 23% of Republicans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of American citizens without court
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
The poll released last week by Zogby International showed 52% of Americans.
On Danza 15, Regis Filman 15, Shlice the Lone and Enrique 12, a piece in Guy.
On Danza 15, Regis Filman 15, Shlice the Lone and Enrique 12, a piece in Guy.
On Danza 15, Regis Filman 15, Shlice the Lone and Enrique 12, a piece in Guy.
On Danza 15, Regis Filman 15, Shlice the Lone and Enrique 12, a piece in Guy.
On Danza 15, Regis Filman 15, Shlice the Lone and Enrique 12, a piece in Guy.
On Danza 15, Regis Filman 15, Shlice the Lone and Enrique 12, a piece in Guy.
On Danza 15, Regis Filman 15, Shlice the Lone and Enrique 12, a piece in Guy.
On Danza 15, Regis Filman 15, Shlice the Lone and Enrique 12, a piece in Guy.
On Danza 15, Regis Filman 15, Shlice the Lone and Enrique 12, a piece in Guy.
On Danza 15, Regis Filman 15, Shlice the Lone and Enrique 12, a piece in Guy.
You've seen him on Channel 7 News.
First, as a two-bit reforming.
Now, as a two-bit anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Fevekra and Mary Kay combined,
Rick Sanchez sings.
Here are the dulcet tones of the men who brought you crunching.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez sings.
Rick Sanchez sings.
Don't miss Rick Sanchez.
In his pasty face, Thor over High Lear.
It's one show you all want to miss.
Take for a good one.
Rick Sanchez. He loves his audience.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
Oh, God!
It's 11.01 at 5.60.
You've got to read some of these.
Whoever's doing his running comedy would be a vlog beer.
Oh, yeah. I'm going to read code text.
Well, at least if a little of humor in it whoever it was.
Are you reading these?
I read them this morning.
I guess there's more.
There's a whole lot new.
For example, here's one that says, hey, Cote, my sister said, this is a bogus pool and you're on the 7.90 payroll.
Let's do a lunch at the dog track, posted by Tom Jicke.
Oh, yeah.
These are great.
Here's one that says, neil is my homeboy.
Call me homey.
Lay off my cashmere bouquet.
I'll ride, posted by Warren from Marty.
Call me homeo.
Here.
Let's do it.
They're all cute.
The man Trumpeter is on there.
All of our people.
Just inundating Greg Cotex in your phony ass pool.
It's the singing sports lady on 7.90.
Oh, brother.
What a joke.
See, you can eliminate me from this bogus pool on your blog.
The only thing you can't do, though, is eliminate me when the numbers come out.
Oh, I see.
Wouldn't they love to be able to do that?
Well, we're just going to wash away 10 to 2 because that's not a sports show.
So just take the eraser and erase those numbers on it.
Erase that to 6, 8 in December.
And our one, whatever they have.
What do I have a 1, 6?
Pretty weak.
I forgot.
Of course, in the 2 to 3 hour, well, wait a minute.
Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.
Because that's an ancient history.
Today we got Gellby in there.
Boy, he's going to be long in the pool.
I guarantee you that.
After those panthers, two nights in a row, and at least two nights ago in Tampa,
they pulled it out in overtime thanks to only the not-goly.
But my god, last night, again.
There was freighter sitting in the section 102, rocking back again.
Again.
As they put the biscuit in the basket and then blew in the shootout.
How's it going, Ray Whitney?
I hear you hate sitting in Carolina, but he's making a lot of money.
I had a great team.
The inmate who strangled this is more good news.
The news about the impeaching bush.
Uh-huh.
This is almost as good, maybe even better.
I saw that on the news last night.
I know what you're going to say.
The inmate who strangled child molesting priest John Gagan was convicted of murder yesterday
after failing to convince the jury who was delusional when he killed one of the central figures
in the Boston Arts ICC sex scandal.
Now you say why is that good news?
Well, the fact he got sentenced, we don't care about, but it's just a reminder that he put
care of John Gagan.
Well, let's go do this because in case they should convict another priest and put him in jail with this guy,
he'll be there for him.
He'll be there for a long time.
That's a good, excellent point.
He'll be there waiting.
Joseph Drew's 40 faces an automatic sentence of life in prison without parole.
After hearing the verdict, he looked at the jury that rejected his insanity offense and said,
it's all right, good job.
Oh, like when they had those phony hockey fights and they beat each other in a bloodiest porn
from their nose and they're like pulling the sweater over their head and then when a
lineman finally separated them, they're like, good job.
Good, they're cutting each other like on a back.
Good job.
Oh, what is that?
Good job.
I asked.
As the jury's five out of the court, we said, no hard feelings have a good night.
I hope you can sleep with us.
No, you didn't say that.
They should have given it a go.
Drew's sleep with the Gagan's prison cell in August 2003, Jan Dorscher with a book and then beat the 68-year-old
Gagan and struggled him with strep out socks before the guards could step in after they waited for a while.
They're probably outside the door like laughing and chuckling.
Hey, Pats, you okay in there?
Hey, Father.
Drew's a tyranny argue that he would, huh?
Nothing, I'm just picturing that.
Oh, Drew's a tyranny argue that he was insane at the time and believed God had chosen him to kill Gagan and set a message to pet a files around the world.
The private computers over argued that Drew's was a conniving killer who planned a murder for weeks so he could be a big shot in prison.
The jury of five women and seven men celebrated about seven hours over two days.
I'd be put about a boop, put about a boop.
At the time of the slaying, Gagan was serving up to 10 years in prison for a five-ling, a 10-year-old boy,
but was accused of lawsuits of molesting some 150 youngsters.
It's just a Catholic priest step in way and what they worried about.
Just that goes with the territory.
The left and the right is right.
That's correct.
In fact, you're going to be seeing that movie or if you ever decide to watch it.
You know, I get you two movies now and I'm busy watching City.
You got a video trash game, you know, you give me props for that, props for old pops.
And what are you doing? You're not watching it.
I went up the one night and there was stuff on last night.
You know what I was going to say?
When you hear what he watched last night, instead of watching Primal Fear or what the other one,
came here to imagine he was.
He watched King New England, which is a good movie, but and then he comes in this morning
and he gave me a solid advance about how it's nothing but a propaganda film for the name.
I didn't say nothing but I said about 50 years ago.
You know something, I never even crossed my mind.
I've seen it about 80,000 times and I've never even cried no.
I've seen it for years, oh man.
No, it's like a recruitment ad.
No, because now you watch everything with a political agenda.
Every movie you watch, you've got to get...
No, keep in mind...
I do.
It was in the only 50s, right?
Right, only 50s.
At the time everybody was very patriotic.
We were anti-communist.
We were Joe McCarthy, the liquor...
I know, I know all of that stuff.
And it reaked of it.
Well, there you go.
So maybe it reaked.
I still like Robert Francis a lot.
The drama was good, but everything...
I sure hope nothing happens the same from Supernatural.
I'll be the good guy.
Because I always quote.
I always give car crashes, huh?
Maybe he'll get possessed.
That could be it.
Well, we can always call Father Miran.
Yeah, in fact, I noticed in watching the excesses again the other night,
early in the movie, before any long before there was any talk of any excesses,
when she's going into the captain, how do you tell me it is?
I didn't really think that was...
That's right.
When the demon starts saying, she's in bed and she...
Miran, Miran, Miran.
Remember that?
When he was taping the taper coin in America.
Right.
How do you like that?
So she was also psychic.
Lindeblah, lindeblah.
That was the whole point.
There's somebody right there.
I'm going to tell you, if you don't like Lindeblah, we hate you like poison.
I mean, you know, right?
That's right.
I bet you Josh even likes Lindeblah.
Yeah, do.
See?
What's not to like?
She's just...
Yeah.
I'm not talking from a sexual standpoint.
I'm just talking about it.
Because she might be a little...
Yeah.
Daky, if you ask me, but nevertheless.
No, no, you know what famous singer bagged her, don't you?
Rick James.
Rich Irvay-Villageuse.
Who was it?
Rick James.
Oh, like I said.
She's got great taste.
Remember that song, Tainted Love?
Yeah, I do.
Soft.
72 a.m.
Hello.
I married a something of us, Neil.
I really did.
You too?
Yeah.
Well, congratulations.
72 a.m.
Hello.
Hey, how about Ruth Ann Bought for the poll?
She sings.
She's horrible.
Okay, well, we've re-withed Ann.
Rose Ann Barg, I guess she may have sing.
No, she did that national anthem thing.
And it was a joke.
It doesn't really.
Well, put her on there.
Put her on there.
Put her on there just for the whole time, psych.
Okay?
Rose Ann.
Let's see if anybody deserves to be on the poll.
It's Tom Weitz.
Yay!
Okay, let's get Tom Weitz on there.
And all Colgan's daughters trying to put together a singing career.
Good luck with that.
Grachel was always signed.
Dick.
Thank you, Dick.
567.0560.
Count five, 60 in the Verizon Singular.
Wireless line.
I feel like we've been born again, boys and girls.
I don't know about that.
My check showed up on time yesterday.
Thanks to tremendous help from our new general manager, Joe Bell, who's done more for me in
about two weeks than somebody who didn't about eight years.
I don't want to mention her names, Greg, but nevertheless, somebody who's actually involved.
So the fact that our sales hole, Troy Stradford and our general mangler, Christian Raymond
Burr, whatever his name is there.
What is the name?
Curtis Raymond Burr?
Okay.
Aint returning clients' calls now.
I don't think that's going to sit too well either.
See, because some of these people are under the delusion, I guess, that they're under the
old regime and they can kind of like fake their...
Remember I was talking about that last week?
Right.
People fake it their way through life and taking a paycheck and not returning people's
phone calls.
I'm going to tell you right now, anybody who's supposed to be a professional on anybody's
business, any business, who doesn't return phone calls is a piece of crap.
Okay?
Troy.
Dominique Huayam.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Can you show your words that it was Rick Springfield, not Rick James, when the boy was
with?
Sorry.
And he's on Rick James.
That's what made me get away.
Oh, Rick Springfield.
Sorry.
I'd like to see that.
Sorry.
I might have been with Rick.
She might have been with him in Rick Springfield, but she had a very long and passionate relationship
with Rick James.
Rick Springfield had very long what?
Listen to me.
You said Rick James.
I said Rick James and I'm telling you she had a relationship with Rick James that she
was with Rick Springfield.
Well, he spread it around a little bit.
Well, he's not a guy.
He's not a guy.
Anyway.
She's not one of those people that you were hoping was a guy, you know?
I mean, it's a little bit of a guy.
Oh, I would be pretty.
I wasn't going to get her anyway.
So, yeah, I would be a nice for damn sure.
Nobody Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, do you hear any of them?
Michael Irving, interview on Hank's show.
Rather than I hear what?
This sounds like revenue.
It is.
Yeah, okay.
Nobody Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hey.
I'm his boyfriend.
Like I said, side by each in the sack.
Q.A.M.
Hello.
Neil, how's it going, buddy?
All right, Pally.
I got some names for your pop.
Yep.
Lindsay Lohan.
Glorious boss.
Good.
Patrick Swazie in his own ear.
And a re-cage last year.
Hey, that guy.
Oh, he's on there too.
Why are you just jealous?
You fairy.
Just jealous because he turned you down.
Let's say for the poor Canadian Dan Acroid in Jim Belushi.
Oh, yeah, they're real singers.
The booze brother, the dead brother.
Well, I want him in anyone.
Dan Acroid in Jim Belushi, do you want to put them on there?
I mean, that was dope.
Whatever we could.
No, I don't put that.
No, it's just a joke.
It's a comedy.
You don't send a chance for the movie.
Really?
Look, like I said, I knew William Shatner, we get a lot of votes.
But, you know, he doesn't think he can sing.
The poor question is, someone who thinks they can sing but can't.
William Shatner knows he can't sing.
They were throwing it at him.
It's a comedy.
Right.
Don't you understand what you get at him?
No, they don't.
Oh.
In fact, I know we got some bits.
Here's one.
William Shatner's recording.
Of Lucy and the Sky with Daniel.
We've voted the worst Beatles cover of all time.
And now, the fab former Captain Kirk has a whole CD of fab four covers.
It's Shatner Warped the Beatles.
Sandy, you can drive my car.
It walks me.
This is only you know I'm going to be a star.
I hear they, my friend, back.
He can hook us.
And maybe I'll love you.
Pick up a copy of Shatner Warped the Beatles and set your CD player on stun with this cover of Don't Let Me Down.
Don't let me down.
Like, spiceline.com did what they stopped advertising.
I'll get you a prize line.
You'll need to call Rescue 911.
You can explore the galaxy and never find a collection of Beatles songs performed as poorly as only William Shatner can.
It's Shatner Warped the Beatles.
When I find myself in times of financial trouble, I just appear at Star Trek dimensions.
And then I take a glance just for shaking hands with a bunch of people face gates.
But then again, they are my fan six.
The Beatles cover album that boldly goes where no Beatles cover album has gone before.
Unless you count those crappy versions Leonard Nimoy did.
It's Shatner Warped the Beatles.
Let it be.
Let it be.
Let it be.
Let it be.
Oh, let it be.
He's got my son.
And he's on his full.
At least he gave me a little chuckle here now and then.
Choral.
Whoever he is, he'll be asked people.
Some of our groupies probably the same five people.
Probably the same one or two people.
It says, can we forget.
Keep being told that Kevin Rogers is a wonderful talent.
What a joke.
And it says, co-text blows.
Meaning Greg.
Who's this sign about?
Oh, toast.
Toast is the one who's signed on that.
This is really cute.
So keep those a comment.
I'm sure that Miss Co-text over to the singing, the singing none.
We'll really appreciate it big time.
And speaking of singers, look at this.
Brian and Tom Potter Beach faxes to tell us.
Did you see this before?
Yeah, yeah.
Oh man.
Yeah.
There it is right.
Former US Attorney General Janet Reno.
As for a little respect last night.
Reno chose the Euretha Franklin Classic to sing for Kerry Oket
in the event honoring the 10th anniversary of the Human Services Coalition.
The event was held at the Bank of America Building in downtown Miami.
The Human Services Coalition supports the work of other nonprofit organizations.
Elfide Poverty.
There you go.
There was Janet there doing Kerry Oket to Euretha and respect.
She just don't get no respect, Janet.
You know what?
No.
Now do you think it's the Parkinson's or the pickup truck?
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q.A.M.
Neil Gah.
Attorney General Janet Reno has purchased a red Ford pickup truck
and plans to travel the countryside when her term ends later this month.
Hi, I'm Janet Reno, World Warrior.
Before you head out on the open highway, there's a few things you should know about.
First off, make sure you're empty before you leave the house.
Seems simple enough.
Yet most people don't know driving with poopy pants is the 47th leading cause of accidents.
Secondly, avoid rest acts.
There are nothing but breeding grounds for circus clouds covered with cold sores.
Remember, if you have to stop there, don't share their chipset.
That's the 114th leading cause of accidents.
And if you've been robbed bomb for over a week and you're feeling the itch and your
alloyance for some hot sticky monkey love, do not, I repeat, do not pick up hitchhikers in Nebraska.
Seven out of ten residents of the Cornhusker's state do not put out.
Trust me, they're a time-waster.
They all want to wait for their marry and trying to convince them that takes on loft is the 412th leading cause of accidents.
I'm Janet Reno and I'll see you on the road.
They looking for Janet Reno, Red Ford pickup truck traveling the countryside later this month.
1119 at 5.60 WQAM.
Chaco's spot addressed as a woman.
Oh, you see the story?
No, I did not.
Michael Jackson was spotted shopping in a Bachoyan mall yesterday, hiding his face behind a veil and
dining a black robe traditionally worn by women in the Gulf reports the AP.
That's a one-word, a Berkha.
Yes.
Well, Jerka wears a Berkha.
Maybe he was looking for a Gerkha.
The first while King of Pop was with three children, apparently his apparently his own, who also had their faces covered by dark scars,
and unidentified woman accompanying them.
Jackson seems to be setting in the Persian Gulf with seeing leaving Marina mall in the Bahrain capital of Manama.
Manama, whatever that is.
Manama, remember that?
Manama.
Holding a child by the hand.
On the way out of back door, he shook hands with security guards, the back door, of course.
Back door, of course.
The woman also addressed in a black robe called in a baya, a jeans and a scarf that partially covered her face, had the other two children.
All three children wrapped in black scarves and wore yellow shirts and sweatpants or khakis without robes.
Since his June Aquidol on child molestation charges in California, Jackson has made several trips to Bahrain as guest of Sheik Abdulabhin Hamad al-Khalifa, the son of Bahrain's king.
He reportedly is negotiating a position as a consultant.
Oh my God!
He's going to teach him how to do it right.
He's the Greg Rita Bahrain, okay?
You call that a consultant?
Wow.
As a consultant, with a Bahrain-based company that plants a set of clean parks and music academies in the Middle East, and Mary Gaurons for little boys.
On the mall outing, Jackson wore a baya, pants, a white shirt, and men's shoes.
Oh, at least he wouldn't wear in pumps or high heels.
His head and face were wrapped in black veil, also he wore black gloves.
The veil of baya and gloves were of a star typically worn by conservative Bahraini women.
The woman asked photographers to respect their privacy until they were scaring the children before they lived in a white car with darkened windows.
Maybe they were enjoying some Jesus juice inside.
What do you think?
Freshly squeezed, I'm sure.
I'm sure they were squeezing it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, and they've rising in singular, wireless lie.
And of course, when the little kids are walking around with all that, you know, shmuts over their face, you can't really see who they are or whose kids they might be.
You know what I'm saying?
There's a good plan for him.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Where's the knee? Am I crazy? Did I hear fart sounds and sporting a Woody Memphis yesterday?
You must be dreaming.
I'm going to be dreaming.
Maybe I'm dreaming.
Maybe I must be not, sir.
Maybe on 790 you might have heard that.
In the lies.
I guess I'm sure as hell didn't hear no fart sounds.
I know what?
I'm a show.
I'm in Bo-Camp-Pur.
So where?
Looser pants, man.
Because on his Sunday show?
Okay, well we don't want to hear about it.
Oh no.
Little tight.
He's a big sports guy.
Bo-Camp-Pur.
Yeah, eight feet tall.
I don't want to get to go there, okay?
Believe me.
In any respect.
WQA, I'm Hello.
I'm easily intimidated.
QIM.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
That was good.
The pause.
He got that little gas bomb oxygen in there in his throat.
And then, then, I really, really weak.
Work on it, pal.
Practice makes poetry, okay?
Work on it.
Something to me like he was.
Here's the, oh, Riley.
I don't know.
What have I always said?
Even good pull, pull, uh, uh, fax people.
Right.
When they overdue, what I, we start getting a little bit, uh, antsy about that.
Every single day.
And always good though.
Yeah.
It says, idea for a pull.
Like I said, we love this, Riley guy.
Favorite actor, actor is never one monster.
But then, oh, I'd have to do a lot of research on that.
A lot sounds like work.
The other one's not a bad idea.
Most annoying South Florida radio or TV print personality.
I'd say just print personality like red code text.
We never did that one.
No, we have worse movie you ever paid to see.
Oh, that's good.
Mm-hmm.
And it says, Linda Blair dated Rick Springfield,
Mercedes and Rick James in the early 80s.
Maybe she wanted to like, uh, mix and match.
Oh, black and white cookie.
Maybe she liked Rick.
So anyway, there you go, Linda Blair.
Is the Linda Blair report?
5, 6, 7.
Well, Rick faxed is that's 5, 4, and Greg Cotex.
And that's the most important fax we've had all day.
Maybe a lot of a long time.
Uh, Greg Cotex is a regular on 790.
He's the singing sports writer, a lame-attentant song parodies.
He and his boyfriend LaBassians sit there and lick each other around the ear.
And this group ball actually tries hard to sing and put in full efforts
to his high pitched voice.
Very, very sad says Rick.
So you understand about Rick?
Mm-hmm.
That's an excellent fax.
And if we wouldn't have known that, nobody would know.
Because nobody listens over there.
Except for, um, right.
Nobody reads that paper other than that.
And that's for sure.
Nobody who speaks English anyway.
And nobody who's doesn't speak English reads it either.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, and they've arrived in a singular wireless line
in a singularly sensational Thursday, man.
We can feel it.
We can smell it.
I'm feeling something.
Yeah.
And smelling it.
2 a.m., hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Sort of.
All right.
Hey, anybody say, uh, Rosie O'Donnell?
What is that lady?
She's terrible.
Yeah, but what does she sing?
Uh, everything in Portland.
A pepper siaid or show there for that brief, uh,
if she sang a little bit of...
Like Apple Merman song, there's something.
She did.
Oh, Lord.
Yeah.
I mean, let's put her on it.
Rosie O'Donnell just for all times, say.
How to say it out of mind?
Fatal dyke.
Rosie O'Donnell and any Rosie.
Cracklin' Rosie.
Rosie Greer.
What movie was Rosie Greer?
And he was in some movie with OJ.
One of those, um, horrible, uh...
Was it up early?
Uh, uh, uh...
All right.
You know, you know, you know, kind of movies I'm talking about.
Mm-hmm.
Those horror movies.
The natural disaster.
Yeah, I'm just like a disaster in winning.
Cracklin' Rosie, there he is.
There's Neil Diamond.
I can hear it in the background.
I'm a million miles away.
Uh...
Oh.
W-E-Q-A-M, hello.
One of those tacos.
And back to you.
Yeah, I got it.
You might have inspired me to go to Taco Bell today.
I haven't been here in so long in a long time.
Yeah, Shane, let's, uh, suggestion for the poll.
Yes, sir.
The singing tough guy, Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris, man.
He pounds out a quarter ounce of sound.
Yeah, he's...
Thanks for your consent, but that's an obvious urge to go.
Okay, thanks, Pally.
You got him, buddy.
He does?
What?
Chuck Norris, put it on there.
No, we'll put it on there.
Put it on there.
Just like Frankie Lyman, put it on.
Just a joke.
5, 6, 7, 8, look at that.
It's a minus nine already.
And Sonny, son of Shrine, it's gonna be all the way up to, um, something to the day.
7, 45 minutes tomorrow.
There's a little Toronto weather report that's captivating radio.
Wasn't that the word on that phony and the inside facts?
Yes.
It's a real captivating radio.
Oh, yeah, right.
Yes, well, captivate this.
The day that I need a broadcasting seminar from across the street where they couldn't get a number
here in a fixed book, uh, that'll be the day.
Like Buddy Holly said.
Buddy Holly, remember him?
Yeah.
By the way, too many glim across the street.
3 o'clock at 2 o'clock.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Oh.
A dollar-roll number.
No, okay.
Don't do it again.
But anyway, here's another partying gift for you.
Like I used to say on Hollywood Square, as Member Peter Marshall.
Here's some partying gift for you.
Right.
Or maybe you didn't say parting.
Maybe he said, uh, and I don't do it now.
Don't do it.
Oh, don't do it.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5, 6, 9, 8, and 8.
And take the D.
And do a nostril.
Let them.
For Swap and Green.
Oh, she's a nose picker.
She's digging down.
Don't think it at me.
Uh, her thing was mine.
Now I said she's a nose picker.
I can do it again.
And the heart's in the corner.
Now I said she's a nose picker.
There's a free key.
It's making me sick.
I can't believe it.
Take it.
I'm going to take it.
It's all a three.
So let's go, go down to the sky.
I'm going to give you people a nose picker.
Oh, I'm going to give you a peel.
Go in.
Her thing was mine.
Now I was following.
She's a nose picker.
Look, look at that.
We've got 929 votes on tonight's poll.
And we're going to make over 1000 by probably your close to noon.
That pretty good?
Eatjosh is impressed.
He's almost as excited about that is the fact I'm watching the City of God.
We're all excited about that.
Well, no.
The reason I told you this and I'll say it on the ear, the reason that I watched it,
because it's sitting in there and the, you know, the disc that you saw.
Oh, and I hate to break the news to you, but you almost really screwed it up because you know the copy you burned for me
Yes
Well, it got to about 10 minutes maybe 50 minutes into it and all of a sudden there was a part where like you know how screw up DVDs are
Yeah, they start freezing and I almost like say well
I have to go to the store tomorrow and buy me a kind and it's straight now that I've become a man today quite a while
Oh about two three minutes. Damn it. So let me know what I missed right anyway
Some of the things they can see that they can't besides red code text who's got a pair a small very small period
That's what Danny LeBash would say Yoko ono 130
30 man man
Let's try it over again bring John Lennon back and let's let them get out of that limo case side by each and give it another shot
Right actually Simpson 116. William hung 68. William Shatner 65 John asked for a 53
Don't let your ego get sore
J.O. 48 or least only your bird get Kevin Feederline 47 Kelly Osborne 34 Saline Dion 33 how much even Dion's pissed off about her
Could she have been like Saline Jones or something?
Saline kitchen or good Canadian name David Haselaw 29 Lisa Marie Presley 26
Perous Hilton 23 can't they give her 23 Bob Dylan 23 in
Shack has got 22 he can bring it he can sing it not
Regis film in 20 will Smith 18 Tony Daz 18 any Murphy 18 in wiki the Greasey's and Don Johnson 14 of a piece same guy
Jamie Foxx
Speak of the devil 13 she takes the thing up. Okay, sliced alone 12 or Sanchez 11 just in Tinkerbell 10
Bruce Willis and Dion Sanders seven of these
John Revolta 4 Joey Lawrence 4 Patrick Sleazy 3 Lindsey Lohan 2 Rose and 2
Greg Coaches got like I said a tiny pair Mark Wahlberg 2
Philip Michael Thomas 2 William Nelson 2 David Soul 2 Vicki Lawrence 2 Hulk Ovid 1 Paul Servingo 1 and
Non for Chuck Norris Rosy O'Donnell or Tom weights 931
Willis things and Tom weights all the time from the die
Nice mood ring though, will you
Now is that a mood ring in his case where that's just a headband a scarf I
Think I think he kind of like precedes mood rings
I think it really had like ring around a collar
Old William Nelson you think you ever took a bath?
It doesn't look like now people who look like they never took a bath that big would pull Jim DeFeedy the fetus
I can't believe it just I don't know. I'm gonna have to hand me just spanking you know what?
Maybe the beast can do it. I'm a homo. No, I'm serious. He needs a spanking some of the people that he likes sticks up for just
All the way that makes for a better cross over you know that'd be better if we disagree on everything
Especially when he starts in that horse racing crap anyway sharp and criticizes boom dogs for inward use. Oh no
Animated series had Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Using the epithet aren't you p. O'd about that now boom dogs is a
Black comic strip last time I checked drawn by black guy. Can I do the story?
All right, well, yeah, the ribbon Al Sharpton is asked for an apology from cartoon network for an episode of
EG animated series the boom docks that shows the ribbon mart Luther King Jr. Saying the N word
Oh
Cartoon network must apologize and also commit to pulling up episodes that
Descricate black historic figures Sharpton civil rights activist and former Democratic presidential candidate who also needs a bath in a haircut
Said in statement Tuesday
We are totally offended by the continuous use of the N word in cartoonist Aaron McRooter show he said
the episode
The return of the King air jane were 15th the day before the National Hall they honoring the slain civil rights leader
It shows King emerging from a coma and using the N word in angry speech
Vending his frustration toward sexually explicit hip-hop videos and my other things in the episode King is branded as a
Trader and terrorist sympathizer for his turn the other cheek philosophy of non-violence and response to post a non-level retaliation
Exhausted he moves to Canada, but his speech provokes a second civil rights revolution
Cartoon network released a statement Tuesday saying the episode is a tribute to King and in no way was meant to offend or
Dissecrate his name
We think Aaron McRooter came up with a thought provoking way of not only showing Dr. King's bravery
But also reminding us of what he stood and fought for and why even today
It's important for us to remember that and to continue to take action the statement said
McRooter has been called a genius in the angriest black van in America as he secured everything from the Bush White House to black entertainment television
Again writing to boondocks comic strip on which the TV series is based in 1997
The strip known for its risky political and social satire follows the adventures of two black children living in a white middle class
Subber
Sharpton City could appreciate McRooter in his achievements, but added this particular episode is over the line
How do you like that?
Over the line man start told it the boondocks air Sunday 11 p.m. on cartoon network
It's the centerpiece of the adult swim late night block of programming. They're not gonna adult swim
When you say right I think you're a swim. Yes
567 05 60 pound five 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line on a singularly spectacular Thursday, January 26
We got the guldia to in the wrote rotating spot in the most spot
And we got the guldia followed by the mad dog four to seven hurricane hotline and vertia beast and all that stuff
At the birdie cosar steakhouse seven to ten eighty-k at 10 o'clock our wargaming lineup. I mean we ain't got no stew gods
We ain't got no juice and no toast and no omelette what no
And we got no mark in the dark whatever his name is mark ison steam bird or Sid Rosenstein bird
Oh, like I said the none none enough go aim over there
I noticed that most of the comments on that the bogus polar by Greg Kotex had sent Sid back to New York
I'm tell you ain't the comments it
I don't want to get you like neurotic and gambling and drink it again
But you're not cutting it they hate you like poison to New Yorkie, you know
Some people are a little bit
New Yorkie WQAM. Hello. It's quite excited sir
WQAM. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. I've been in G8 arguing anonymous
I didn't help though evidently
5670 560 pound five 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line
WQAM. Hello
Neil. Yes, sir. I'm not one for the polar
Which one which pool are we on I was the one about the singing. Yeah, that's it. How about Dr. Shapiro
Yeah, how about it five six seven old five 60 when I was calls are coming in from across the street
That's good. Well, I got nothing else to do
In between like there they're probably like
Treating the pool. I'll say and that's for a Dan La Bastard is standing here. I'm with a gun to our head
Let's vote for Danny. Boy, we like him a lot
for the joke
Yeah, you can come up with all the phony bogus newspaper polls and all the
Hello blue and oh, Neil's talking about us now and guess what that in 40 cents of my about a quarter of a lukewarm cup of coffee
56705 60 pound five 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line. Oh, they're smoking now. They must be really busy
Spoken right away. Defo. You're on the way out is what I'm hearing WQAM. Hello
But I can't be be safe as a matter of fact what I'm hearing from Joe Bell is that they have an open window in
V.Hose contract and both stations invited him to jump out of it
WQAM. Hello
QAM
Yeah, we'll add a couple in the book. Go ahead
Um, hop right in there. Right. Well, we can mark them and
John Harrison
John who?
Harrison John Edison
Hey, Harrison
Aniston John Davidson. Oh John Davidson. Oh John Davidson. He could be out about a quarter of an ounce of sound
John Davidson sure was pretty there for about a half an hour. That's wait before your time
No, but I know who he is. You do? John Davidson John Davidson. He was a pretty face. Could he be here? No
The need of that giant here and then big head of hair back in the 70s when a lot of people had a big head of hair or the real
Land Shop Cyber and I say that because you get always a big kick out of that who died
What was that? What's your name to die with the puppets with lamb chop? Oh, uh, Sherry Sherry. Yes, yeah
Sherry norris Sherry um
Sherry rhymes with you fairy, huh? Right Sherry Lewis. That's it. That's it. Yeah, she had a lamb chop. She was cute
I mean she wasn't good right? She saved them. You know, she would look better
Anyway, John Davidson now what was the other one? He said that was epsilon Ricky Martin
Oh, I've seen how you're gonna get me started and by the way, I'm still waiting for golden showers
By a Ricky Martin. Oh, that's right chicken. That's what hey. That's what it was. Boca Brian. I thought I got a bit
I was supposed to tell you about a bit. Oh, why is wrong with you? He should have heard it anyway
Huh, he should have heard it anyway. He should have heard he should have been listening. He should be glued to the radio
He's probably a busy freeping Greg Cotex's puller in a hurled on at the blog
Good God 19 till noon at QIM
Okay
And
She
Ma
This city will be chocolate, a chocolate new all.
It never takes the blame for anything.
Chocolate at the end of the day.
That chocolate is a copy of one of all that's re-aggishand.
Renewing in your can.
Renewing in says he wants to make new or leads case.
You can't have new all this though on the way.
It was three and a half.
13th of noon at 5.60 W.I.M.
Happy Thursday to you.
Pope Benedict XVI did not see Pope and Mbdi eyes
and it was beautiful, lovely red slippers.
I was wondering if you were going to get to this story.
What?
Yeah?
Why would I not?
Well, am I holding back?
I don't know because you like him so much.
Pope says I should hold back.
Pope Benedict XVI in Hermann, Gering, Jr.
warned in his first encyclical yesterday
that sex without unconditional love
was turning men and women into merchandise.
Did this story were thinking about?
No, it's not.
What's the other one?
The one where he said Hitler's in heaven.
Why didn't he see that story?
How did it happen?
I better go find it.
Yes, we're not going to hook up with him after all.
Oh!
Mbdi, maybe he's got the bat line to him.
That's where that Nazi Pope thing came in.
That's how he got the extra votes.
I didn't see that story.
You better find it.
I'm fighting.
Meanwhile, in the 71-page document,
God is love.
I think he was referring to.
Deal, good on.
Benedict explored the relationship
between the erotic love between men and women
referred to by the term eros
and the Greek word to the unconditional self-giving log
of the word, a gagepe.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Agape.
I was kind of a gagepe when I read this.
Agape.
Got it?
I got it.
The reason I know that is because it's got the pronunciation thing on it.
Agape.
He said the two concepts are most unified in marriage
between men and women.
What would he know about that?
In which a covetous love grows in the self-giving love of the others,
as well as God's unconditional love for mankind.
Oh, what a pilus swill.
And all these millions of kids are coming.
They're like, oh, pop, pop, pop, pop.
And all these gagekes are coming here with their last few shekels
to hand over to their Catholic church,
so they can get by some more porno.
He acknowledged that Christianity in the past has been criticized
as having been of an course to get all those pre-stop.
It costs a lot of money to keep that staff a lawyer's going.
He acknowledged that Christianity in the past has been criticized
as having been opposed to the body, the erotic form of love.
And it is quite true that tendencies of this sort of always existed.
But he says the current way of exulting bodily love is deceptive.
Eros, reduced to pure sexes, become a commodity,
a mere thing to be bought and sold,
or rather man himself has become a commodity.
How much?
But third, man!
Here we are actually dealing with a debasement of the human body.
No longer is it integrated into our overall existential freedom.
No longer is it a vital expression of our whole being,
but it is more or less obligated to the purely biological fear he said.
And he also said, by the way, how about them switch guard, huh?
Benedict explored the two aspects of love that explain how the Roman Catholic Church's
charitable activities are based on love and our fundamental part of its mission.
I think the acquisition was based on love and the crusades was based on love.
Or your own love.
And all those priests that are molesting all their little boys,
them all fear boys, is based on love.
He said the Church had no desire to govern states,
but at the same time, could remain silent in political life
because its charity is needed to ease suffering.
The encyclical eagerly watched for clues about Benedict's major concerns,
characterizes his early pontificate in one of which he seeks to reach her
to the basics of Christianity with a relatively uncontroversial mediation on love
and needs for greater works of charity in an unjust world.
Even Vatican officials have expressed surprise at the topic,
considering Benedict was the Church's chief doctrinal watchdog,
and could easily have dealt in a way more problematic issues such as
bioethics in his first authoritative text.
In the encyclical Benedict said the Church's work caring for widows,
the sick and orphans was as much a part of its mission as celebrating
the sacraments molesting young children and spreading the gospels.
However, he stressed that the Church's charity work has must never use their work
to proselytize or push a particular political ideology.
Love is free.
It's not practice is a way of achieving other ends.
But that's why all those bishops were telling me,
but I don't vote for Kerry.
He's for aversion.
Must never be used to push a particular political ideology,
unless, of course, it's a hug and you will feed us.
Isn't that something?
He rejected the criticism of charity found in Marxist thought,
which holds that charity is merely an excuse for it by the rich
to keep the poor in their place when the wealthy should be working for a more just society.
But at Marx, that grout your Marx man, he knew his crab, didn't he?
Yes, he did.
You communist, baby, you communist, we knew it all along.
You communist, that star though you.
You bet your life.
Right.
Fast foods.
So you're going, you have to stir about the pope and Hitler.
I'm looking for a good one.
Where did you see that?
Where did you hear it?
Somebody told me about it and now I've got to look it up.
Yeah, somebody probably made it up.
Hitler's in heaven, my ass.
But you understand if he accepted Christ on his death rate.
But of course the problem is there wasn't any death there that we know,
because he and Ava like our thing like that.
So how would we know that?
How would we know that?
Well, God knows all and he tells me the truth.
I see.
Well, if God knows all how communist allowed Lucifer to do all this evil crap
and create all these diseases and these evil nasty little creatures that crawl about
huh?
Because the Lord made them all.
Well, let's play that the rest of the day.
Okay.
Here you go again, proselytizing on here.
Using your show as a bully pulpit to debunk all our religious horse crap.
Amen.
Let us pray.
And by the way, send all the money you got.
For my 30th anniversary, send me $1,000 a piece and I won't come back.
Let's see, 977 votes on the pool.
We'll get to a thousand like I said around the noonish when we do ban.
And then maybe we can like move out of that one for tomorrow.
Oh, it's not another movie pool though.
I think you're making me do too many movie pools.
It's part of my plot.
It's the way it is.
Because here we got like 50 people out there.
They said it turned off when we talk about movies because who the hell cares about movies?
Oh, fully.
That we like having something beside vanilla ice cream.
That many Q.A.M. movie line.
Hello.
Great.
I love it.
That many Q.A.M.
Hello.
Yes, could you please put Gary Lewis on the pool?
I've been trying to get a hold of you through the great-
I saw you run a blog.
I saw that.
We need to blog the guy.
Well, what do you want to put?
Man, go on there.
How are you?
No.
Gary Lewis hasn't had a record in a hundred years.
Okay.
Schmuck.
See, this is what you got.
If you look at that blog and you see the comments, which many of them are very amusing,
this is the kind of creature that is a blogging.
That's why, and there's one comment on it or, oh, Neil, get your own blog.
No, no, thanks.
We already have been through that.
No, thank you.
70 Q.A.M.
Hello.
That's a record in a hundred.
Q.A.M.
Schmuck.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
I heard Schmuck under.
You can't say that.
Yes, sir.
No, that was you.
You know, I was watching David Letterman last night.
I'm sorry.
Hello.
You wasn't sure on the pencil through the window again, was he?
No.
Good.
I was watching the show last night.
How about your poll for a couple of days ago when you were talking about the shocking moments
on TV?
I wish I could go back because I really think that every time, you know, he has a bit about
a bush and what he says on TV, I really think that every time he speaks on TV is a shocking moment.
Okay.
I got to speak in a letterman.
I thought you were going to mention when Danny Boy was on her, Danny Radder.
And he broke down and cried.
Remember that?
Yeah, I do.
That was pretty shocking to see a new, a new Zanker on there like crying his eyes out almost as much as when they canned him early.
I was thinking shocking every time bush.
But that's what I wanted to say.
There's an old expression where there's no sense, there's no feeling.
Good luck, Charlie.
Bye, bye, bye.
How you like that?
Danny Boy.
Danny Boy.
I'm his Danny Boy.
I'll tell you.
It's a matter of fact.
No, I don't really want to play it because you guys are too obsessed with it.
You're a success with that, but as I'm with that rain egg, I want to just play it.
What the?
The Danny Boy, but do it.
What's Danny Boy good?
The one about Danny Radder, you know.
Oh, that one.
Yeah, that's good.
Now, man, that doesn't make that sound you just made.
Is that broken?
Huh?
Yeah.
Before he speaks out, what I was about to say was I get really emotional.
Because I used to watch it was like part of my life every single night.
If I'm in the house 630, I watch the CBS evening news.
I realized they were like always a week 30, but I don't give a crap.
I like Danny Radder.
There wasn't a damn thing wrong with that news.
Yeah.
There was a damn thing wrong with it.
There wasn't a damn thing wrong till they put this old foggy, okey-okey-o-fanokey on it.
This is Dan Radder, former CBS evening news anchor man.
And now a punchline.
My former network's inability to find a suitable replacement for me demonstrates my true genius
and complete and total domination as an amoea-air-talking head.
But let her speak about some of the names who have been mentioned to replace me.
First, Bob Sheifer, nice enough man, but please, he's got less hair than Madonna's armpits.
And everyone knows you can't conduct the train if you use Rogan.
Another name that has been banning about is John Roberts, who currently anchors the Sunday CBS evening news.
There's a reason he's belonged Sundays for so long, plus he's Canadian.
And everyone knows when the camera light goes red, he can't be a hose head.
Then there's Scott Pelley from 60 Minutes.
He was the guy who helped me make up the story about President Bush.
I think.
Plus, he's skinnier than Kelly Ripper.
And everyone knows you have to have a meaty can if you want to be the man.
And let's go from the ridiculous to the supply.
The frontrunner to succeed me seems to be current today's show co-anchor, Katie Kirk.
When I first heard her name in the same sentence as mine, I threw up in my mouth a little bit.
This person thinks real news is announcing the individual weight of each of JLo's butt cheeks.
Plus, her head's too small, her eyes are too close together, and she reeks of gene to take.
When charged with the awesome task of replacing an icon that's important to remember, you can't.
You can only hope to find someone who was involved, Canadian, skinny, or so completely self-centered,
she thinks her name should be part of the Pledge of Allegiance.
For now, this is Dan Rather signing off and reminding you, a whistle is to blow, a gong is to bang,
and Katie Kirk has about as much to offer the world as a fraud with pins in its extremities laying on a high school lad table.
This is Dan Rather.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.50 Q.A.M.
Mr. Dick Jamie, I'd like to relax if I have a Mary Maggle in massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12th of an hour.
This is the first time I've ever seen a Mary Maggle in a single video.
The first time I've seen a Mary Maggle in a single video, I've never seen a Mary Maggle in a single video.
I've never seen a Mary Maggle in a single video.
I've never seen a Mary Maggle in a single video.
I've never seen a Mary Maggle in a single video.
No problem.
You have to face number for accounting and I consider right to dead because we don't want to have that pimped that intermediate part time per the red red red to involve because he keeps life on his arse with everybody's time sheets or something.
Or maybe he's eating them.
Maybe he's not a time sheet diet.
Now I did Google the Pope and the Hitler and of course I knew what it was going to be about.
It was not the story that you were talking about, but I thought this one, no.
Well, it's from the New York Post.
It's an old story, but it certainly well worth repeating that if anybody's upset about it, they can blame you.
Pope Pius XII helped Adolf Hitler gain power and did nothing to stop Nazi atrocities because he believes Jews got what they deserved and explosive new book charges, which it's not new, but I forget what year this came on.
The shocking book Hitler's Pope, the Secretist of Pius XII by John Cornwell, is accepted in the Artobre issue of Vanity Fair magazine.
Cornwell, a best-selling author and Vatican observer said he was given access to secret church files because he had initially planned to defend the Pope against charges he was silent about death camps.
But I remember it wasn't that long ago.
But after studying Pope Paul the 12th's own files and deposition taken under O30 years ago to support his eventual canonization, Cornwell said he was in a state of moral shock.
Cornwell says that when the Pope Eugenio Pacelli came to power 1939, he knew about Hitler's plans for a final solution and was beg repeatedly by Vichips in Germany, even by an emissary from President Franklin Roosevelt, to use his authority to condemn Nazi atrocities.
But he said nothing.
And never acted to stop. Who did more for the Jews?
Okay, who did more? Which there are some of those who did more for the blog by the way?
You've got to read those. You'll be a model.
Please. But he said nothing. Never acted to stop Catholic clergymen who collaborated in racial certification to identify Jews before they were sent to death camps.
But Shelley, who began Pope in 1939, met with Hitler several times and first to read it, help him in 33, he said nice mustache when he was a Vatican diplomat the book says.
Also he ordered that all the food of the Vatican they used Adolf seasoning to tenderize their...
He promised Hitler he'd disbanded German Catholic political party to deal at protect the Vatican's rights in Germany, when he did millions of Catholics joined the Nazi party.
The only denunciation Pacelli made during the war was a bland Christmasy radio message in 42 that didn't mention Jews but merely mourned the plight of hundreds of thousands who, without any fault of their own, sometimes only by reason of their own and nationality or race, are marked down for death or gradual extinction.
Cornwell said Pacelli was silent because he was patently and by the proof of his own words, anti-Jewish.
In a letter Pacelli wrote in 1919 he described a group of revolutionary Jews in Munich as the gang of young women of dubious appearance, Jews like all the rest of them with provocative demeanor and suggested smiles led by a young man about 30,
35 also Russian and a Jew, pale dirty with vacant eyes, horse voice, vulgar repulsive with a face that is both intelligent and sly. God, he must have had an alcohol sting.
One paper reported about the Jewish question written under Pacelli's authority says the Jews were responsible for their own faith. Blinded by their dream of worldly gain and material success, they deserved the worldly and spiritual ruin that they brought down upon themselves he wrote.
When the Nazis invaded Rome in 43 and moved to the Port of Thousand Jews who lived near the Vatican, the German ambassador in Rome, throwing a backlash from the general Italian population, pleaded with the Pope to wish a public protest. He did not.
He did not. And the Roman Jews were sent by Cala Cartou, Auschwitz. Only 15 survived one of those a woman, said to Mia Spetzichino, who served as a human guinea pig of Dr. Joseph Mangola.
In a recent interview, Spetzichino said Pace was an anti-Semitic Pope, a pro-German Pope. He didn't say if a single child, nothing, not a zippity doodog, as you said.
Vatican officials declined to come, I'd say the heaven-red Cornwalls book, the Vatican high-evers consistently defended the conduct of Pice 12 claiming his behind the scenes were save thousands of Jews or maybe at least a couple of more or one or two.
A few, a small handful, a pinch. Yeah, a little pinch will do it. That's what they say to the Swiss Guard. Can we pinch that? Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Are you renamed this blow as a block of Hitler in heaven?
Never get about Hitler in heaven. Okay, you don't look for him there. Look for him in purgatory. He's in God's waiting room. He's got an appointment.
Probably just like Troy Stratford's got an appointment speaking of a purgatory.
You know, leave it to Josh Cortis who gets to the star of the day, the purple star in the gold jelly bean or the other way around.
For outing Troy Stratford being a total slacker. You know, you don't really get to meet these salespeople. They come to me.
Oh, would you please do this? Would you please? And they're okay, whatever you want. Okay, I'll do whatever you want. Put some money in your pocket.
I'm going to make me no money. I'll put some money in your pocket. And then they don't, then they don't service the account.
They don't get no copy. They don't return people's phone calls. They just see this is the old-ray gene.
And some of you people who don't understand we got a new-ray gene in there now and a new general manager who's got a whole different attitude like about really doing businesses opposed to monkey business.
Well, some of you people are going to be in the outside looking in one day. And they're going to stick that card in there.
You know, that little card we got that the way they were in that past track. And it's not going to fit. And if it doesn't fit, your foolish men.
And you're like that choice, Bradford and that salesman. They're back there. Not to mention our part-time program director.
Poor Joe, man. He's a good guy. I feel sorry for him. He inherited like a real. Oh, you don't say?
Oh, I don't. You're saying? Yeah, he inherited a real mess. But he'll get a straight note. Got my p there on time yesterday when somebody else was.
Yeah, I don't think I can do it. I'm not going to get it. Maybe I wasn't going to get it, but you're going to get it clearance. I'll tell you that.
You simple. Then. Now let's see. Let's take a look at Waxie and how they're doing.
Oh, there's sports. There's sports. All the jogs. That's all the time. All the volume. Let me tell you right now.
Anybody who's obsessed with sports is gay. Guaranteed. I know. Believe you me. I mean, think about arguing. Listen.
Anybody that wants to spend a lot of time taking showers naked with other guys is gay. There is no question about it.
What about if you just want to watch? Yeah, that like I said, that's even more prepared. That's a gay club. You moron.
Exactly. Yeah, I said by the elements about our instinct, the great one. See, that's the real great one. Okay. This. And by the way,
Reverend is spelled with a D whoever the illiterate one. But probably was him put that thing on the blog.
The Reverend Jones with a T on the end. Oh my god. At least spell it right. You jackasses. You illiterate morons.
70 Q a.m. Hello. Q a.m. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Before your Paul, there was this basketball player that wanted to take time off to promote his rap album.
You got him on the phone. I can't think of his name. Ron Arthas. It wasn't him. It was a chick.
It wasn't him. No, it was like three. It was like a girl group that he was promoting. Well, the might is I don't understand.
Oh, I'm not following your logic there. He was producing their record. And he was trying to get that.
In other words, he wasn't singing it. No. Well, in that case, they don't think he can sing. You probably this all a big flavor. Could they sing? Probably not. Probably not too good.
While that were on our test, man, someone who thinks they can sing, but they can't. We got a thousand three votes.
I took right on my. Now we can start thinking about tomorrow. Don't stop thinking about tomorrow.
Are we out of gas? We're out of gas. Yoko ono 142. She could sing if you stuck it.
Oosie. That's how he fits place. Kind of what you sang like. She said if the food fits, fight it.
Ashley Simpson 124. Got the same number just numbers turned around a little bit. William Hong 73 William Shatter 71.
John Ascroft 61. J. Lo. You know, this is real. It means you're not.
Pop pop pop. Yeah, this guy. He wants to be out like 24 seven now. The new dictator. Oh, that's just a clip.
Man, I thought he was still rambling on. John Ascroft 61. J. Lo 52. Kevin Federline 49. Kelly Osborne 35.
Celine Dion 33. David Hasselhoff Scott. Third man. Lisa Marie Presley 27.
Another Scientologist. Dyke. Paris Hilton 24. Kathy Lee Gifford 23. Shack 23. Who's got 23?
Bob Dylan 23 also. Will Smith and Redis Phillips and 20 a piece same guy.
Twenty Danza 18 Eddie Murphy 18. Ricky Tiki Sanchez 17. Boy could he both an out or what?
In fact, Dan Stewart, the late dancer, a rest and piece. I mean, the Rick Sanchez used to fart up a storm.
But then they used to all run for cover. And Ricky and the greasy is in Dodd Johnson 15. The piece Jamie Foxx 14.
I mean, I'm not I'm absolutely not playing. Oh, no, maybe later.
It's twice the loan 12 just in think about 11. But can she belt it out or what? She could sure open up a booby flap.
Bruce Willis a Dion Sanders 7. Lindsay Lohan 5. Lohan, I'm sorry. They don't know how to pronounce her name. You notice that? Yeah, no matter.
No, she still sucks. John D'Auril of the five Rosanne Ford Joey Lawrence for Patrick Swayze 3. He's sleazy Patrick Swayze.
He ain't no John Cameron Swayze. He takes a look at a dokey bond ticket. Oh, speaking of that, I got a new watch.
I'll do a same major show on my watch. All right. Remember I told you my wife's guy. That's right. Most people when they're watch ties they go out and they get new battery right for a few bucks.
Not me. How many got a few bucks? I give it away to somebody. And then I give me a great new watch. I never had one of these before. It's a citizens.
Can I tell you about it eventually? Set us into what? Canada. Hulk Hogan tube, Greg Kotex, two Mark Wahlberg, two Philop, Michael Thomas, two William Lson, two.
David's soul. Don't give up on him. Please too. Vicky Lawrence to remember tonight. The lights went out in your studio. Yeah, Rosio Donald one Paul serving a win.
Non-furcheck Norris and Tom weights. People are saying like who dad? Tom weights. Why know who that is? I don't I don't think you do. Somebody think of something.
He's like this. Oh, he's in Tom weights. That's Andy. I'm sorry.
Probably it's past noon at five sixty W. Q. A. M. We got a guilty today from two to four. He's going to be foaming at the mouth about your Florida Panthers and about the very scant gathering they had last night. See how do you expect them to win the games and keep those leads at the end of the game when you people won't show up. You phone you front running.
You can't follow your jackass as man. That a rough time there on a road trip. Although they did win that game in Tampa. And then they come home to a scant gathering man pathetic.
Is that what the hunter said? Who was at the game? Who was telling me about that? I know what it is. I was in here sending bedtime stories last night and I turned on Eddie Kay and he was talking about how they ruined the game and how it used to be a great game.
Hey Eddie you're a great guy. I love you. You're old and Jewish and everything but you know about hockey. If they wouldn't have changed the game and they opened it up and let the players play and they got some scoring and some excitement in there and the overtime you stick about it again.
OK, don't talk about hockey. Please. And then of course some but liquor calls up. Oh, you're so right. Eddie used to be a right. Yeah, mama. Your mama so socks and hell.
Hey, when you're shopping speaking of socks for shoes, what a this is just amazing to me and how I just keep falling into a bucket of all the time.
Get over to Brandy shoes for the most comfortable fit your favorite style of shoes because you can't be Brandy's with a stick. Brandy's carries a humongous selection of all the major shoe brands like Rockport, Floreshrime, Echo, Mephisto, SAS, New Balance. All the other big names in the shoe business.
And Brandy's professional shoe fitters will make sure you have a customized fit your comfort you every time ask for Arnie say that that will fat kneels send me in until they ask for Arnie and Arnie will make sure you have a perfect fit at an unbeatable price every time.
And whatever style you pick out they're going to have your size on the shelf guarantee because they have such a humongous selection.
The pros at Brandy's really do understand fit and comfort they even specialize in wide woods as well. If you have big disgusting fat ones.
Brandy's worth a trip from anywhere in South Florida so don't forget now for that unbeatable combination. Comfort style, fit value and win solution. It's always Brandy's shoes still go and strong in that fabulous location at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pomplero beats the open daily Monday through Saturday till 9 every Sunday till 5.
And every week there's another special value of Brandy's. This week it's very topsob is both men's and women's styles to save you an extra 10 to 20 bucks a pair. Only this week and only at Brandy's shoes in prestigious Pompino Beach.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62.8.
Plus America and face knees and a G-string up here I'll do it.
Jim Carey, glad you decided to cut back on the caffeine. Yeah, especially after our last interview. Here's the video.
Tell us about pet detective 2. Warning you I'm seriously stressed out here. Dude, that's my coffee cup.
I could force that into your brain right now. What?
I had recovered. I pee out of a tube though. Are you listening to word? I'm saying.
Whoa, you were 20 or before. I call home.
Come on, I think there's somebody overstayed is welcome by about 20 years. Jim Carey. Please like Jim Carey briefly.
Do you know he's Canadian? Yes, I did. Oh, well, maybe that's his problem. Virginia Senate passes.
Okay, marriage ban. The state Senate all but guaranteed yesterday that Virginia will hold a November referendum on whether to amend its 230.
230, 230 year old pillow rights to bar same sex marriages. The Senate voted to follow the House of delegates in approving legislation to place the amendment on the ballot.
While each chamber must still pass the measure already approved by the other in a session, the wording is identical in Virginia.
And I'm surprised here. In fact, Karen's was just in Virginia. He probably voted a cast of the citing vote.
The action of Virginia came as a Maryland Republican said they have the votes to force consideration of a similar measure in the state Senate.
Yes, Virginia. There are no gay people only Madaconis with cheese 18 state constitutions to find marriage is a union solely between the men and the woman, a woman.
Though many amendments and by the way, don't let those people out there just be merchandise. Don't be Ugline people in the Ashrafi Mall or wherever you're hanging out.
Because that's what the Pope says. People aren't like merchandise. He knows.
You better get with it, Mr. Your life. And now you're going to be crying later on when you're down there burning in hell. You'd be doing your Linda Blair.
It burns. It burns.
And then they'll be throwing all that tap water on you. Be like, ah, like that.
Now, I want you to stop and think about this. I mean, granted you think the movie was a comedy, but in retrospect, I understand.
I understand, but he's throwing the tap water and when she thinks it's holy water, because father carries it.
And he's like, but it being able to do that whole silly thing. And she said, and then he goes down stair. Whoever he's talking to, was it the mother he was talking to?
Okay, Ellen Burston, all over us. And says it's was tap water. We were talking to him. It was only tap water. So in other words, where is the, where is the beef? You know, I guess you can, you can psych Satan out.
Really? I never knew that. Well, of course, the site. 18 state constitution to find marriage. I just got through. We know why we don't care about that.
I mean, I don't care about that. I don't care about that. I don't care about that. I don't care about that. I don't care about that.
I think it's okay. We'd be in my think six, eight to five, nine. There are some more numbers for all you number people in the December following the whole will of business.
So we're doing just fine. Okay. I mean, the next trend is going to be a debacle for everybody because that November is still going to be staring everybody in the face.
But then when that drops off, we'll be fine. And some other people are got like a big kiss in December from the dolphins.
They're going to be like, well, I see all these polls. The newspapers don't mean squat. Nobody's listening to this crap. That's right.
Because you're narrow casting. Don't you get there? You really that stupid or what you're narrow casting? You're narrow casting a bunch of silly
madoconies who sit around with jocks grabs on playing with each other's, you know, dingle berries. That's what you're doing.
Narrow casting. Now, these silly as guests. Well, I'm going to tell you one thing. Mad dogs got to step on that right. These guests. It's like a curse, like a death wish.
Like having jock marks and we have commitments to the panthers. Ready? What's screw the panthers? That's my comment. Screw the panthers.
How to help me afford to take our valuable airtime? Like say to the audience, well, if you're not into hockey and listen to this dumb frog talk for half an hour, then goodbye.
And it's like an invitation. It's like sending. It's like sending a golden-graved invitation to each potential listener out there.
If you don't like what Jaime Schwartz has got to say, then you better go away for a half hour an hour because, you know, we're going to we're going to inflict it on you.
Then that's why I stopped having guests years ago. Damn, any idea what a what a massive improvement that was for me?
Yeah. Aside from the fact that babysitting a 90 year old people with one foot in the grave. I just don't get it.
What are people thinking about? Well, this hour we're going to talk about baseball card collective. And you can just hear as Mr. Rigo again was doing his own personal interest on their baseball card.
Everybody in the audience is like diving for the dial. And some of the people were dropping it too. That's why we don't use soap. No, we were diving for the dial.
You know, can you believe that there anybody uses soap anymore? Sure. Very sad. Why? It's why there would be like guys wearing knickers who would be like bringing back spats.
Look, you're an old timer and don't always change as soon as change becomes a thing. Like what? I was way ahead of the curve on body wash.
I was going to tell you that right now. Yeah. Come on, Josh. Speak up. Don't leave me on. What? Give me an example. Music. Oh, now listen, your music taste. It doesn't really change that much. Your music tastes.
Well, it's one thing, but it's one thing to think that, you know, the music you grew up in. Let me say one other things to you too. I hate to break the news.
But when I was a head of the apartment in Amsterdam, I was as big in miles ahead of you. I come back here and all of a sudden like they were playing all the techno pop and all the European stuff that I had seen.
I had on tape for months. So it all depends on where you can hear it and where you can see it. First of all in the US, there's no videos anywhere.
Where you're going to see a video MTV, don't show it on music videos. All I have are a bunch of stupid crap programs when they continue to run around. All right. There are ways. Yeah, but I'm just Tonya.
I have no problem. There was some good music to see or listen to or point at these things. Old timers are reluctant to change when you grow up using soap. Most people are reluctant to change.
We're not talking about old timers reluctant to change. Maybe we'll do that pull again. The kind about like one of those pre-poles. What do you watch with?
But I'm talking about like the age group. I mean, I would have never switched the body watch if I were in on the show.
There you go right there. Now is he an old time or take a look at him? Okay. Does he look old? I realize he's getting more and up pretty good because that I've Russian girlfriend. But nevertheless, he ain't old and he wasn't used to know by. He was using soap.
Yeah. And what she told me by the way, Natasha, there's a good drop in it. Yeah, but she picked it up for him. Huh? She'd pick it up for him.
Somebody QYM. Hello. How about the soap? QYM. Yes, sir. How are you today? All right. It's Chris from India. Chris from what?
Hi, Alia. Oh, hi, Alia. Hi, Chris. Hi, Alia. What's going on? Hey, I don't want to sound, you know, you know, yeah, yeah, yeah, fully any appetite. Say night. But let it my pencil.
Good. Just. Talk about body wash. Body wash. But we're phone is breaking up. You got one of the worst phone. I would stop buying a body wash. I go on by a new phone. God, is that a bad phone?
Do you hear that? Yeah, I heard it. Yeah, pencil. Yeah. By the way, it's a stencil. Not a pencil, but I'm hearing 26 past noon. A QYM.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.69.
And the third down out of church.
Trans America. A film about a woman who was a man that became woman who was never in any of this place because it's ours. A woman from CEO Donald.
Hey, pal, look at me. I'm really a woman. I'm a woman. I'm a woman who plays a man. I can come to the man. But all along, I get this. Yeah, I was always a woman anyways.
And I look at me now. I just don't live a good session. And it might make me. Like my mini. So I don't think that's where I carry the shoe.
You make up. I got a very blue makeup. I got a pet voice. I rub berries on my cheeks for color. I feel like my armpits late. So wait, you want a date? No, but one thing I'd like to know. Yeah, what's that?
Do you have any mirrors in your house? Trans America. Now it's only the limited theaters for a family living inside.
And hopefully so.
1232 or 560. Let me hear. I'm so we're getting back to what Chris Penn said.
The cause of accurate. Chris Penn's death are made undetermined after an autopsy and according to his office's order, blood toxicality tests.
How do you like that? Would you a little bit curious about how he died? A little bit curious. That's the operative word a little bit.
Penn, the brother of Academy Award winning actor Sean Penn, a musician Michael was founded to a famous Santa Monica condo or condo, a laser minimum.
The toxicology test is just normal procedure for someone who's 40 and not seeing their doctor. His latest film, the Darwin Awards in which he appears with the owner, writer and Joseph fiends.
Can you say that? Oh, a premiere later in the day after some of that film festival in Park City, Utah. He gave an incredible performance in the film for a dead man.
Writer director Finn Taylor said, I think he's going to be remembered for years to come and will miss him.
Chris Penn appeared in numerous films, the clean reservoir, a dog star skinhunch rush hour and quirky Romano.
Corkeys there are Chris Canton described Penn's death as a huge shock.
Kitan. I beg your pardon? Kitan. Chris Joseph cotton. Who cares how to help? Kitan. Kitan.
Witan. Witan. You say Kitan. I say Kitan. How do you like that? You say tomato. I say the hell with you.
So here's a little more. Here's the rest of the story. I hate to do this. Ask me if I hate to do this. I know you don't.
Although it's more about a story that I did before. I just like a little bird bonnet and here's like the rest of the story. So do you hate to do that? No.
More Americans favor impeaching bush pull says this is by nightrider newspapers and of course since they published the hero, we know that it's got to be the truth.
The word impeachment is popping up increasingly these days and not just off the lips of liberal activists fighting predictable bumper sticker slogans.
This is it sounds similar, but it goes on after the unfounded claims about a rack's weapons of mass destruction and recent news of domestic spying with our warrants mainstream politicians and ordinary voters are talking openly about the possibility that a president bush could be impeached.
So is at least one powerful senator Arlen's specter, Kimberly sent a judiciary committee and the inventor of that incredible magic pull up theory.
So far it's just talk with Republicans controlling Congress and memory still fresh of the bitter fight and national distraction and claimed by former president Clinton's 98 impeachment over a couple of you know what's even launching an official inquiry is a very long shot, but there's always a big but a pull release last week by Zagged the international showed 52% of American delts thought Congress should consider impeaching bush.
If you were to have US citizens of what I court approval, including 59% of independence and 23% of Republicans even how do you like that? How do you like those road apples?
Oh, by the way, Hamas one breaking news they got on I breaking news my ass.
Given these numbers impeachment could become an issue in this fall congressional elections and dramatically raise the stakes just like Professor Van Halsey, they're in Dracula.
Remember he raised the stake and then he overthrew a Dracula's heart and Bella LaGosi said, if Democrats win control of the House represented as a leading proponent of starting an official impeachment inquiry, representative John Conier's of Michigan would become chairman of the House committee that could pursue it.
Conier's introduced legislation lies month to create a special panel to investigate.
By the way, Michael Moore is working that's going to come out in 2007 on a sequel to Fahrenheit 9-11.
Because John Conier's reminded me of Fahrenheit 9-11, remember he says sit down by son we don't read any of these bills you idiot.
Conier's introduced legislation lies month to create a special panel to investigate the Bush administration's alleged manipulation of a rack pre-arack war intelligence and make recommendations regarding grounds for possible impeachment.
All right. He's not the only one dropping the i word, even the i man I bet.
A day later, Senator Barbara Boxer, California wrote to four presidential scholars asking whether domestic spying by the NSA was an impeachable offense.
Former Vice President Al Gore said last week that the NSA were tapping could be an impeachable offense. He said it might be it could be.
Bush contends that he holds the Thoronese commander achieve the order of the Eve dropping on international calls of terrorism suspects without court approval.
He also claims that Congress's resolution authorizing him to use force against service implicitly authorizes NSA spying.
But in 1970 law requires court issued warrants for wiretapping people in the USA and many in Congress along with the nonpartisan Congressional research service said Bush is on shaky legal ground in ordering NSA spying without warrants as required by the 78 foreign intelligence surveillance act.
Tucker Bounds.
A Republican national committee official said impeachment talk is nonsense. Tucker Bounds.
Do the.
Yeah.
Oh, it looked just like that.
About 18 feet in the air.
But asked, but asked January 15 what recourse there could be a Bush broker ignore the law on authorizing wiretapping.
Senator Judiciary Committee chairman Arlen Magic Bullets Spector mentioned impeachment.
I'm not suggesting remotely there's any basis but you're asking really theory and theory what's the remedy said ABCs this week.
In impeachment is the remedy he said to which we say all right to which we say absolutely to which we say.
Representative Lin Wolsey of California said of a Bush impeachment.
I'm not saying it would happen but I think it should be explored.
She was one of a handful of House members to co-sponsor Conjures bill which is unlikely to get hearing or vote as long as Republicans rule a House which after November that
it won't happen no more.
Stanford University historian Jack Raykov a constitutional expert said breaking the law on domestic spine would qualifies an impeachable offense but that Congress should be hesitant to pursue it.
The Clinton impeachment was the major distraction for the nation.
He said some of the suggested it hurt you west ever against the al-Qaeda before 9-11.
Well, I wonder who is responsible for that.
I wonder who is responsible for bringing that impeachment based on a couple of you know what so would Monica and all other crap and making poor Bubba's nose rule like Pinocchio.
Despite such concern several of the activists say it's time to impeach Bush Bob Furtick president of Democrats.com has formed impeachment pack to fund campaigns of congressional candidates who support impeachment raised more than 52 grand in 10 weeks.
If the truth comes out for this said there will be an open and shut case for a high crime of breaking the law.
I mean look at all of these different things that just stood over illegal wiretaps that that's all potatoes.
All these innocent people dying and all these people being said over there and then Rumsfeld says but we got the greatest army and these are seasoned veterans.
Yeah right there all dying over there while you're up there clapping your big fat lips you idiot they're lightly seasoned.
Making all that money off of that to tamer flu by scaring the public again with a freaking bird flu.
Anybody dying from a person to person contact from bird flu yet never never not won in the history of mankind.
Not a one. Not a.
But there's all those punks over there they're giving a big victory say how I see one you see when you give up much of people a free election and they vote to elect a bunch of terrorists I say hubman dreared okay all of them isn't that the name of the party hubman dreared party.
Come ask hub whatever the hell with them let them all ride you know these rallies they got their terrorists we don't hear anything mo about him you know I say that every day do things I say thank you Mr. President for those low bargain basement
and gas prices and what's going on with Ariel huh I guess not in the end so much yeah what's most of the area like that I wonder if they still about it.
You wouldn't surprise me if one of the characters from passions thinks in their limited light news to a vet is a hotel is whatever he's saying is the hospital room and disconnects that you will see what's going on just like they do a yes or I'm a fart.
So the Israelis they like terrorists the Palestinians they like terrorists so let them all kill each other and leave us alone leave the rest of the world alone and civilize people that aren't just a bunch of screaming get keys.
Stopping back and forth but we're all a crack you know but we're all talking about good golly miss Molly what what am I rambling about I don't know what I like it I like it a lot.
And you know I'm in such a good mood because I make believe our part time program director got the message obviously did not come in there and hug me a china for half an hour before the show this morning just leave us alone clearance okay leave the show to the pros okay who know something besides ball games and guys who take showers together all over not that you mentioned it.
This is Neil Rogers what's all in this is 516 Q.A.
I'm going to make you 1245 I'm sure he does he'll be on it too by the way gildi won't that be ironic won't that be sweet irony for him okay I should mention you you're eating lunch right now don't read no doubt yeah I
like that how did I know it I can smell it right through the here we crunch on this shall yeah Tony's a good buddy bread up there at the 193rd and 441 with the best pizza man going in garlic rolls and sands and stuff and good
resell it's a junior reading there I had some garlic rolls and how's that spaghetti a meatball who well why did you say that you know how much I love spaghetti meatballs can eat it though but nevertheless don't be getting diabetes on your kids out there
because then you can't eat no skinny you can eat no pizza you can't eat no bread you can't eat no ice cream you can't eat no pies you can't eat no cakes you can't eat no pastry is any kind you and not
good just meat that lobster and stuff like that I'm wrong with lobster not wrong with a nice juicy steak or maybe a couple of burgers 5 6705 60 so anyway gildi's on it too is that Peter King between 3 and 3 30 who
not related to that one the rates for its analyst writer Rob Peter King with the gildi that should be a really
assimilating radio and the compelling I'm sorry compelling radio like the Toronto weather it's sorry by the way in the not too bad mad
dog it for hurricane hotline at 7 o'clock from Bernie Kosar steakhouse that's the same Bernie Kosar with the
Olympus who used to say we want the past is me oh he he came in that morning like a little girl he actually he
actually said T.E.E. no yes he made that sound he made the sound he felt like a little girl pretty kosher and then I'm
Saudi you were there you were there they had a lot of worse team and then he came in to me it's I think
I was going to put him on the air if you heard a bunch of time on the morning show and he came into me oh
near which is what the panther T.E.E.T.E.E.T.E.E.E.E.E. like boohoo you know the things you see in comic strips that
you know are never really said by humans but only in comic strip like boohoo and T.E.E.E.E.E. well he said T.E.E.E.E. maybe the beast
can ask him about it he'll be at borees at 9 o'clock tonight the beast maybe they didn't have a
cake how come the beast was not on that poll the other day too Greg Kotex used to sing an idiot right
we didn't know Curtis on there no Kimba Bo camper we had no uh Holba Lenny Martez just the
Adler Jesse Agler we didn't even have Todd Caldwell in order for Christ's sakes oh birthing he's
everybody's favorite day sports update guy hey now what's wrong with you man
come to Greg hella her Greg Kotex you idiot I mean once we got that facts I mean I was like
springing the closet door open man oh he's not there over there all the time I had a feeling
that that's what it was I mean it's pretty obviously the setup deal because they hear
older them are like doing it the hip again that's a good matchup by the way it's an excellent matchup
I was gonna say that the Joe Bell's favorite Vokabrion but it's the one where Wilk Chamberlain
rapes a mo that's a lot of our favorites but in that something we got a zero manger now who
actually listens to the show and knows what's going on here and takes an interest in and what we're
doing is opposed to like well how we do with a panther guest today we get a vill Torrey on there
mr. Boatay and what about the spokesman was he on you know there is nothing there is nothing
in the world worse a terrorist a religious man addict same thing you name it there's nothing
worse than a sports nerd they are the evil of the universe taken from us all of us on this show
we are the anti sports nerds in proud of it that's the reason we're not on a Greg Kotexple
because we'd wipe the planet with your ass how do you like that Greg Kotex you imbecile and he knows
so it makes that disclaimer oh sorry new rogers but it's only the sports people on the two stations right
you know what that would be like what would that be like that would be like remember we
still have sports talk from six to eight on io d if we would have done the same thing well who now
which sports version and like for this seven ninety crap and he would list it like 15 people
over there and then put like a mad dog and Joe Zagaki and whoever else was on it see what I'm saying
mm-hmm and by the way two hours of sports today is more than enough believe you believe me
especially when everything going on anyway they heat who gives a flying crap about and the
heat already by the way how they doing i don't care don't tell me and a panthers i mean my god the
first place Carolina Hurricanes led by Ray Whitney and Rudd Brindimore and all these other
goiams and they come in your last night they got a crowd like that you know i don't want to
like start kissing up to rumor because that's the last thing i would do but i will say this and
it's got nothing to do with his broadcast i'm sure the Columbus and Columbus how many people in
Columbus would you say i'm not gonna be people they just sell out just about every game and he
remembered told me when he called a couple of days ago while we got van kubernetes probably won't be
a sell out i watched some of that game the other night and it was packed and with a hell of a game too
i think was seven six kilometers one hell of a game and the place was packed it was rocking and
they don't announce a fully attendance like you know twelve thousand one is like four thousand
people in the building because we gave away eight thousand tickets and nobody showed up
god so what the hell was there to talk about what sports you tell me now what sports are going
on is their baseball going on now uh uh uh illusion football going on college football professional
football is the olympic started it as if anybody cared no but your losers is right so what
what's going on what why would anybody care about a sports right now i mean even the drafts
until April the NFL Dram.
What?
Is that going on now?
No.
Come on, wait, I'm waiting to hear about it.
I don't know, maybe though, it was a little funny.
I'm asking about it.
I forgot about that.
That's a hell of a lot more important than, you know, dealer with business, right?
No.
Absolutely.
We got to have our own on campus arena then they'll come out and suburb.
You know better than that.
I could have told you that I had the time, saved the money, honey.
When I did those UM baseball games, 95% of the crowd were like adults.
They were not, and they had nothing to do with the university.
They lived in the Gables.
They came from other places.
And the university, those students over there like lost in the wilderness somewhere.
There is no university.
There is no campus.
There is no nothing.
Don't forget you can't tell, it's called Scum without UM.
It's a joke.
But anyway, we just build another arena on every street corner.
You'll just see they're going to be packing a men man.
I think it'll just like Ray Perry used to say that he lamented Ray Perry.
About how if we build a lot more, you know, you have a 10-sports station
that will bring a lot more people to sports.
Well, let's take a look like at that last book, for example.
You know, the Humphor City, they were with a 2-5 or whatever in the morning.
And the little dog was over there with a 2-4-2-5.
So that's a nice 5-share.
Okay.
And in the morning, if there's one, a nice 5-share for somebody.
If you put them together.
But when you got two, it's divided by two.
And all of a sudden you got like, oh, it's you.
What kind of a number is that?
See what I'm saying?
What is that?
I'm saying that it's overdone, man.
We need two sports stations in this market.
Like we need gigantic, big, bloody, oozing hemorrhoids.
That's what we need two sports stations for.
And so Greg Cofix can go on there and sit over there like a little child with his boyfriend.
And strum the banjo and sing whatever he's doing.
Just an idiot.
Grow up already.
Okay.
Are you overgrown children?
That's what sports talk is all about overgrown children.
How much verbiage can you possibly spend talking about the same guys with Jockstrap?
Going to their Christian fellowship prayer meetings.
And going out there and raping every broad day candidate, every motel in North America.
What are we talking about, huh?
Christian fellowship my ass.
I think all these good news is these Steve Largens and the Kurt Warner's and all these other right wing.
Oh my God.
And Jim Bunning.
Jim Bunning.
It's a miracle.
They don't have that guy tied up in a rubber room somewhere.
And he's there the other day of making a photo off with Sam Alito.
What a pair, man.
A match made in heaven.
You can see the mounting awards.
Let's kill all the faggot.
You can see the awards coming out of their mouth.
Oh, you're laughing.
You're laughing.
Oh, speaking of that.
Well, this, of course, is from the Thamford Medical Chronicles.
So what do you expect?
Five teachers walk at posters for gay students.
Signs mandated in San Leandro to ensure safety on campus.
Five teachers at San Leandro High School on the West Coast in Thamford, D.C.
have refused to comply with the school district order to display a rainbow flag poster in their classroom that reads.
This is a safe place to be who you are because they say homosexuality violates their religious beliefs.
Principal Amy Furtado said.
For how schools gay?
Can I read this?
Are you going to just calm down?
All right.
Get back to your food for Christ's sakes.
Good idea.
The high school's gay straight alliance just took another pepperoni in your poster.
The high school's gay straight alliance designed the poster which includes pink triangles and other symbols of gay pride.
In December, the school board approved a policy requiring all district teachers to hang the kids.
I mean, to hang the posters in their classrooms.
District officials said the posters in effort to comply with state laws requiring schools to ensure student safety and curb discrimination and harassment.
I haven't played that.
I've been having played that in a long, long time.
I'm curious.
I think it goes on.
Sexual harassment.
Harasmen.
Harasmen, a lot to me.
See, that was current token Thomas is portrayed by Mitch Lewis.
They say that too often teachers don't recommend students to use derogatory slurs or refer to homosexuality in a negative way like you faggot things like that.
Queer.
Madi Kohn.
This is not about religion, sexual or belief systems that districts in front of Christine Lim who initiated the poster policy.
This is about educators making sure our schools are safe for our children regardless of their sexual orientation.
Teachers have refused to display the posters which are distributed Monday couldn't be reached for comment.
The San Leandro Unified School that district has been embroiled in controversy over homosexuality in the past.
How do you like that?
You're fairing.
In 1997 a parent school passed school to a man that had a gay teacher be fired after she came out to her class.
I remember that story.
Remember that?
Mm-hmm.
And you're eating.
In 2002 high school English teacher Carl Debros settled law suit with the district for a million bucks after he was disciplined for giving a lecture on racism and homophobia.
A judge declared unconstitutional, unconstitutional, a district policy ban and controversial issues in the classroom without a principal's approval.
Art teacher Tom Lockman who is gay and oversell the posters is done by students in a gay straight alliance said he was surprised by the level of intolerance for homosexuality that he perceived when he started teaching a Thai school five years ago.
He said he recognized that it was critical when a student called him a fag.
You fag?
How do you like that?
In San Francisco when you think that's a little I would be like somebody here saying that you know that damn fag and I can't stand a shocking.
There was a real need to do this.
He said a lot of students didn't know about gay people in general or gay generals efforts to change the district's culture with an autonomous.
See if Tom Cruz had just come out of the closet and say take a look at him.
He's the top gun man.
He's the big head cheese.
The last samurai.
There you go.
There's a real screamer for you man.
You show me church of Scientology and I'll show you gay.
That's all. That's all you need to know.
Right?
Who else were you telling me as a Scientologist that I wasn't aware of?
Somebody a couple weeks ago he told me we got a long list over here.
Some broad.
Can I ask you something?
A gentleman of health?
No.
Curse the alley?
Curse it.
Curse me in the alley.
I'm going to tell you something.
If there's somebody right now who needs to take a long dirt nap, that's the bitch.
Have you seen the new sponsor?
Did he congeal yet?
And they've got of course the stunt broad is doing it and then tumbling over into all this.
Of course you know it's not her.
Of course.
And she's got on 14 courses.
You know those things that you're supposed to wear to make you lose weight those belts, those plastic belt duct tape.
They have her every ounce of fat duct tape and she's still a cow.
How do you like that?
Curse the alley, my fat ass.
This is the new product.
This is five feet tall.
This is the old.
This is the old.
This is not a tumor.
It's the one to two hour.
Hello Jenny, I just was 15 pounds.
Just 75 to go.
Curse the alley?
I can always mean to the co idea.
Better put that, better change it down.
And I'm your fan sexy in your triple X
I go search
I'm actually not as good as it's warm
I'm hearing sexy things
I see what's to do in a sample
It's easy to show
Go, go, go, go
Get it to me, get it up
It's all that rock could keep going
Go, go, go, go, go
Mission, make it shine
Angel out through the snow
Go, go, go, go
Jump on case
Girl, we're rooting for you
We don't care how much you wrote
Go, go, go
Go, go, go, go
Get it, get it up
You're a pretty girl and you got that all over sex
Oh yeah, she glows all right
102 or something that rhymes with it
When I see her on TV I want to run to the supermarket
And get about 400 rice crispy treats
And just bring them home
And sit in front of the TV and just shove them one after the other down my push
Makes me want to eat cookie
Right
Well, I'll just stick with the atonies there instead
Nice bread
Nice salad today
Keep it under control
A shallot, that's very good
A shallot
I'm going to watch the rest of the city of Ghana for the show today
But hey, how do you say that?
I'm like, she burgers on my flavor wave deluxe
And I'm going to watch the rest of the city of Ghana
All right
I'm going to watch one of those movies tonight
I will say this, I mean, you know, so far
There's nothing all that spectacular happened, all our shaggy got shot
I was not too happy about it
We like the food
A lot of the people in it, but, and then the poor chicken
That was one smart chicken, you know, you got it?
And he was looking around, they had him tied up there
Because he was going to be next today
And he's looking around, these chickens are getting the skint
And he headed and popped in the boiling oil and put on the grill
And the chicken is like, oh, I think I better get out of here
This ain't looking to good, no, I mean that look of panic
That was pretty good acting
I think the best acting I've seen so far was the chicken
So far, yeah
And man, he got away in air chasing his ass all over time
And the best part of the thing was when he actually took off in flight
And I was thinking of myself, what a shame
I mean, if it was a god, why couldn't chickens really fly?
They can fly for like a few feet, but then after that they could
They can't flap their wings too good, you know
Right, kind of like Charles Boli over there in Channel 7
Who?
Well, that guy that called us yesterday, I'm just giving it all up
I know, recognition, you know
Well, I like to recognize you at the Neil track, at the Neil
Remember that guy?
Mm-hmm, wants to recognize me
Get out of here, I don't want to see you, I don't want to smell you
But Charles Boli is a good guy, he called us yesterday from Channel 7
And does anybody know who he is?
Who?
Who best fits this on?
Here's the poll for tomorrow
Which I'm waiting till now because I can't imagine
Could we have left anything out?
We might have...
We might have read Co-Tax off of here the singing none
We must him off
What movie should never have been remade?
Right, and we did just the luminous research here for at least five minutes
The blob, right, even though that was the remake was actually good there
That's an exception
What about the blaster?
The blob, or the worlds, psycho, cape fear, then they will fear you
When a stranger calls, I'm going to tell you, let me say it again
Now you brought up a good point too about the trailer that's shown all these
The menus of new movies coming out so when you go to the movie in the theater
They show the trailer for when a stranger calls
Now I saw it, I was watching, it was on that show that we like so much
That Josh was so smitten by the two brothers
Supernatural, okay
Have you seen Josh, they have previewed for when a stranger calls?
I did not
Did you see the original movie with Charles Durning?
Probably not
Oh, you'd like that, it's a good movie, it's one of the really, I mean not all time best, but pretty damn good
That's all right
Do not watch the new one
So anyway, this is another movie that does not need to be redone
And so here's the end, it's in a nicer, fancier house, the big pool, and it's overlooking the ocean
You know, one of those lakeside or something
And unlike, of course, the updated modernizer instead of like the regular phone ringing for the baby
You sit with a cell phone and sit in on the sofa and she's halfway up the stairs
And she comes back down and answers the cell phone
And the voice says, now see the whole line in the movie is
Have you checked the children?
Have you checked the children?
Right
Have you checked the freaking children?
That's the catch line in the movie
All right, I know the movie you're talking about
And in the new movie, the voice says, how are the children?
Yeah
I mean, what is that?
How are the children?
And then the big giveaway that's the suspenseful giveaway in the movie they showered in the trailer
Yeah, the cars are coming from inside the house
They're coming from inside the house
Well, you're not supposed to know that
That's the whole movie for you that he's inside the house, this crazy bastard
Jesus, God Almighty, so anyway, there are a lot of movies we made because they can't come up with the ideas
And so they keep taking great movies and just ruining it
Like a cow chewing its cudd
Oh, no man
It's better the second time around
Chewing a scud
So anyway, the blob or the world psychokave fear when a stranger calls time machine
It was a good machine but a bad movie
A star is born
Dracula, there was only one Dracula
Tent into the apes
Poda
Rollerball
And you tell me, even with Chris Kleinen, it was awful
Hell was
I don't know
I don't know
You would hate that movie
All right, man
He's not, he, I'll tell you one thing, he's not good enough to, that would go see the movie just because he was in it
I don't know
Oh, it's just true
I really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really,
really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really
really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really
really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really
really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really
really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really
So that's right. I remember that now, awful. And there was a piece, we were even worse than that. I think it was about two years ago, they remade Brian's song for TV. Oh, God, but they didn't make it for the theater though. It's not that they get a better song this time. It's a war. No, this time he lived, I hear. Exactly. You remember this time? Yeah. Okay, thanks, Charlie. You're welcome. See, this is a good one. I mean, I realized that you people in the movie that just can't come up with no good ideas, but stop doing it. And like, psycho, when they were made it, there was some,
yeah, director, some of them remade that. That was a bad. Oh, I'll tell you another one. Another one. Oh, really good one speaking of, okay, La Cajafal. Now they changed the name. What was the remake of that with the Robin Williams, the birdcage, which is what that means. Oh, yeah, and frog in French. La Cajafal. I put French. Oh, my God. Now that's such a, now do you see the original one? I did not see either version. Although, although I did see a picture.
I'm not sure if it's a piece of the second one. Oh, my God. La Cajafal is a panic. Even you would like it. Even somebody is uptight as you are. Not up my back alley. No, I'm serious. It's just terrible. It's a panic. I'll take it off. It's very entertaining. I know I saw the new one. And it was a forget about that. Robin Williams is in it. Doesn't that set out a little like a little. Yeah, I heard a light bulb light. I don't want to see that. Robin Williams. No, no, no.
Pax Adams all over again. I mean, team beats up grandmother because she won't buy him beer. That'll learn her. This is my favorite story. This story is, and if you saw the picture of this kid, you would kill him without any questions asked. Kurt Cass. Fat faced punk. Bradenton, no less boy. He only, he is the poster child for Bradenton. Have you ever been in Bradenton? I'm sure it's a Josh band. I have. Yeah. He was in Brandon. And I of course used to work in Sarasota. So,
believe me, I've been in Braden. I got a spade and take it on the weight of Bradenton for a few. Bradenton makes two egg two egg floor to look like Manhattan. And that's how bad Bradenton is. Deputy say 16 year old has been arrested for beating his grandmother with a two by four for refusing to give him a hundred bucks for beer. I'll expensive as the beer and Braden. Pretty damn expensive man. He was going to have a party. I got he was having a party, maybe. Maybe he saw that. What was the movie with Tom Cruise where he had all the hookers in there? What was that movie? Risky business. Risky, but maybe we want to open up his
own frisky business. Charges, Kurt Cass of Hammock Drive, Bradenton. Investigators say Cass went into a 60 year old grandmother's bedroom through his day, asked her for a hundred bucks for beer. When she refused, he allegedly placed a razor blade on her throat and demanded she take him to the bank to get the money. When the victim arrived back home, she locked all the doors. Effort is reported. The defendant arrived back home and kicked the front door in. Once inside, the defendant grabbed a two by four piece of wood and hit the victim numerous times on the back. The defendant then grabbed a three by four.
Three foot piece of three inch PVC pipe hit the victim on the head back and legs numerous times. The defendant's case work arrived on the scene was able to hold him into law enforcement arrived. Deputy said Cass has made comments in the past with grandmother that she should kill his entire family. I'll just start with him, grandma. Sure. Cass was charged with domestic aggravated assault, two counts of domestic aggravated battery, attempted robbery and kidnapping. Authorities say Cass came from a troubled family. Oh, no. He stood poor baby. His mother's in prison on cocaine position and she
was killed. The family was killed by a man in jail charges. His father was serving a 15 year prison since for manslaughter after choking a hooker to death in 2002. The grandmother's had legal guardianship of Cass and his little brother since 94. Two word and I, four words come to mind. Okay. The first two are fourth sterilization. And the second two are. Shoot him. This is Neil Rogers. This is five two.
He's that Music. Oh. Go. Yeah. Yeah. That's where you go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um. What's going on? It's not just a
You've been to hatred frown!
You've heard!
118 at 560 WQAM on a sensational Thursday, man.
You can feel it in your bones, can't you?
I'm a bone, I mean, that's Arthur Writers.
I'm feeling my bones now.
Original survivor, Gilda Attack Dodge.
Yeah, I love that.
Richard Hatch.
You have to be confused with Richard Hatch, the actor.
Was that Richard or Robert Hatch?
It was Richard also.
Oh, jeez, that was unlike with Rick Springfield.
And a great show of Battle Cirquellactic of the original one.
That is correct.
Oh, man.
That was a good show.
A lot.
I bet.
Jane Seymour.
People have been spaced out.
Who was in it?
Jane Seymour.
Wow!
Seymour, look.
Seymour, plus.
Good.
Rectum.
Richard Hatch, you won a million dollars in the first season of survival.
What's found guilty is that if you're going to pay taxes on his winnings, you slimeball.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hatch was handcuffed and taken into custody.
You probably enjoyed that.
After you asked this, Richard, you had Ernest Torey.
He said he was in potential flight risk.
You're like that chicken in the air.
He blew away.
He said he had gone.
He's going to fly away without a plane.
He was also convicted of evading taxes on 327 grand.
He earned his co-host of a Boston radio show and 28 grand in rent on property he owned.
He was acquitted of seven bank mail and a wire fraud charges.
Hatch 44 faces up to 13 years in prison, boy.
He's going to have a good time in air.
And a fine of 600 grand sentenced to scheduled for April 28th.
Juarez deliberated for less than a day after more than a week of testimony.
Besides the tax charges, prosecutors accused Hatch of using money donated to a charitable foundation,
Horizon Vound, and after appropriate plan to open for troubled youth.
He allegedly spent the money on expenses including tips to a livazine driver,
dry cleaning, and tens of thousands of dollars on improvements to a house he owned.
Near the end of the trial, explanation for Hatch has faded and paid taxes raised by his lawyer,
but he never mentioned it in the jury's presence.
Hatch's lawyer, Michael Minsett, has called fellow contestants cheating and struck a deal with the show's producers
to pay his taxes if he won, but Hatch would never ask about the allegation when he testified.
Instead, Mins told jurors that Hatch was in Newport, Rhode Island, was the world's worst bookkeeper
and said his plan never meant to do anything wrong.
Hatch testified he thought producers were supposed to pay a survivor taxes
and said that donations he took from maturity were far less than the money already poured into it.
More than five years after winning Hatch remains reality TV's most famous villain,
the man-viewers love to hate.
He first kept the retention for shitting his clothes on survivor, prompting David Letterman
to call him that fat naked guy.
That naked guy.
The biggest impression in one the show by scheming his way to the top,
he reveled his squabbles among his fellow contestants and then there are all things of polygraphs.
Survive this.
He eats some bugs and go like to a bayroot and survive that.
That big, it's a survivor liberty city.
Like that.
Here's the facts.
It looks like a chronic to me.
I have a pet peeve where we make movies.
I can't imagine my anyone would even have a hubris to make the pink Panther.
That's on our list.
Steve Martin should be arrested.
And I was not, I tell you that this morning.
Yep.
He used to be funny.
Steve Martin should be arrested for even trying to recreate Peter Seller's role in Specter Clues.
So, he ain't no inspector clue.
So, I'll tell you that he ain't no Peter Seller's.
Steve Martin, he's something to know.
He's almost like Jim Carrey, not quite his annoying.
But he lost my interest a long time ago.
He used to be very funny.
He used to be in the beginning.
He was very funny, very outrageous and now just boring.
And also, although they married him off finally, but I don't think so.
That says if the top should be Will Smith in the Wild Wild West.
Was there actually, I mean that was a TV show.
Was there actually another movie called that?
Yes.
With Will Smith as James West.
Do you remember?
No, no, you're missing me.
We're talking about a remake.
Right.
Oh, I see what you mean.
In other words, was it a movie?
I mean, we're a remake.
No, they made it.
They made a Wild West movie.
They made it, but I think it was a TV movie.
Yeah.
So, you're going to have to look that up.
Good point.
I'm not Googling it.
I don't want to put it on here and send these editions, Eric.
Oh, my God.
And look at this list again from this.
Riley, when you get a life or crisis, I have no idea.
I mean, he's good or it's good or whatever this thing is.
But my God.
Okay, all of these were remade?
Yeah.
Oh, so I'm going to just take this list.
Okay.
Thanks, Riley.
Like I said, your facts are the best.
At the time machine, we got that one, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Don't be sending this stuff we already got, which we don't have much.
Alfie, we already got Alfie, right?
An originalist got that.
But he's got cheaper by the dozen.
Stephord Wies, the out of towner's walking call.
Amityville Horror.
Now, what's his name?
Was James Brolin was an original one, right?
Amityville?
Right.
I think so.
Flind of the Phoenix.
Is there River Phoenix?
Go on in 60 seconds.
Shaft.
Oh, who'd that?
I said, come on.
I thought I'd be here and Shaft right away as soon as I said that.
You probably don't got it.
I thought it was a while, while.
I saw it on pre-sync 13.
Dr. Doe Little, Miracle on 34th Street, Manchu in candidate.
Guess who's coming to dinner and herbie the love bug.
Guess who's coming to dinner?
Wasn't there a rain egg in that one?
The big plug.
There is a o' eyes of K's.
What did he die or something or what?
No, he was ill in.
He was in the hospital.
I hope he got better.
No, we hope he got better along with Larry Hagman.
Here's some badges though.
Yes, he's also a Scientologist.
Oh, no.
You're poor.
Is it K's?
Yes indeed.
Wow, that's bad.
Now, what do we got for Shaft?
I hear a lot of Scientologists get the Shaft.
But anyway.
Okay, that's enough.
Kill that.
Okay, so I had all those all the jitter what?
I guess they're all the jitter.
I know they read the steppard wives and of course the obvious question that all America was asking was.
Why?
Yeah.
Okay, let's say some more calls about these people.
They had a whole bunch more which is a lot of work for me.
How many QA and hello?
Hey, Neil.
Your remake poll is a great idea that the seniors are the past 25 years or so.
Yeah.
I can think of one remake maybe that was better than the original.
Now what was that?
And that was the same.
The movie The Same was remade.
It was Kurt Russell.
Good point.
And the black guy from Requiem for a Dream was the kid.
He's David, I think.
One of the kids.
Yeah, that was the only one.
And Wolf for Brimley?
Yeah, Wolf for Brimley.
It's the only one of the past 25 years I can think of that was better than the original.
Well, that's the column of lesson and don't do it, you know?
Exactly.
I mean, the project was remade but I think that was more than 25 years ago.
I mean, seriously, they're just awful.
Most of them are awful.
I don't understand.
Yeah.
I mean, the idea, when I saw the previous, the ad for Pink Panther, they would, Steve Martin,
I just wanted to gag.
I mean, why?
Why is this man doing this?
I mean, are they bad?
Like, just taking the right ears if they can't come up with, I guess.
And the movies are remaking.
You heard of that work.
I think that could be for TV.
They're supposedly a remake of the Wild Runs being done.
I mean, what's crazy?
I mean, you could never approach those originals.
I don't understand it.
Yeah.
And they wonder what Hollywood's in trouble.
Thanks for the bright news, pal.
All right, man.
And watch out for the thing.
That's a pity.
Yeah.
It's a good thing I'm going to be dead pretty soon because I'll tell you, once they start
making them a third and fourth time around, also many of these though have been, like,
one of the many of the bounties been like three, four times.
And what about Star is born?
A hunchback of Notre Dame.
Right.
A hunchback of Notre Dame.
Was that about era Parseguin?
I think I was about him.
You wouldn't know.
Josh would know who that is.
Era Parseguin.
That's from an era before your time.
Plus, you don't know no sports.
Are you?
No wonder great hated you, like, poison.
You don't know your sports, mister.
I don't know.
You know, you know, era Parseguin from the, uh, whatever era.
No, I don't watch men play games.
Well, there's a lot of gay guys out there who enjoy watching guys grab each other around the way I understand.
In fact, now that they got these slow moment close-ups in football, the NFL or in college football, too.
A lot of times, they're not just grabbing them around the waist, they're grabbing them around their privates.
That's a real good way to bring somebody down real fast.
Bring them to their knees, so to speak.
26 past one on gay 560, 2FM.
This is Neil Rogers.
Look at the goal.
This is 516, QFM.
Boy, he's beautiful.
Oh, he's on fire right now.
He just woke up a little bit.
Still isn't she?
Really though.
We're just like any other couple.
The latest hot couple in Hollywood dies.
Even better than her, he may be in the asterns of pride.
Brad said with just friends, clearly covered in her eyes.
And now she's with child and her name's Angelic Roger.
There's sex at that hotel where they call fight and fervor.
She was dreaming so loud that staff all over the world.
They call the foes, they say they all did agree.
Just rub it, you best bring up puzzle if you bang Angelina, Angelina.
Okay.
Oh, Brad put a channel on the sound.
He can't touch the curves.
And she picked up a mail.
Oh, no.
Oh, Jen would never give in.
Would I just leave out the sounds?
And Brad has got a new friend.
Oh, Brad.
Since Millie Bob's daughter and she's been out badly for her.
That honey too radars then worldwide a horn red.
Oh, Brad doesn't mind the baby.
Looks like they're Chinese.
It's like joining the new end, holding in with Angelina Jolie.
Hey, where the kids?
I saw them, they're the lady across the street.
So she said how much she liked them.
And we have buffalo's and kids.
We got one son of your kid.
Our kids are really trackin'.
Look it and stick it.
133, 27 to 2 at 5, 67 to come.
Jolie at 2 o'clock.
And he is going to be really moaning and groaning and rightfully so.
It was damn panthers, man.
Every just one you think they got it and they drop it.
You think you got a whole of it and all of a sudden you drop it.
Okay, here's this poll.
I never realized that there were so many bad remakes.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, sure are.
And speaking of that, I thought it was on cable.
The remake of the Manchurian candidate, which the original was great.
And the remake was not.
Well, that's what it says here.
Well, here's what we got so far.
What movie should never have been remade?
I don't even know where to start.
La Caja Foll, the birdcage, the longest yard in Hills have eyes.
Bad news bears, the blob.
War of the world.
Psycho, Cape Fear, when a stranger calls, time machine.
But it was a good machine, man.
A star is born, Dracula.
Plenty of the apes, roller balls, Godzilla, Neatro Black, Mr. Deeds.
Oceans 11, the Italian job, Donna the Dead, Alfie, the producers, Pink Panther,
Oh, Steve Martin, we hate you like poison.
Come back to Canada.
The fog, house of wax.
Keeper by the dozen, steppered wives.
Out of towners, walking tall, emityville whore.
Flight of the Phoenix, gone in 60 seconds, chef.
Freaky Friday, assault on precinct 13.
Dr. Do Little.
I've been to many of those doctors, especially in Florida.
Miracle on 34th Street, Manchurian, Canada, which I think you just said.
Kisses coming to dinner with, what's his name?
Ravensburg, and the Herbie the Lovebug.
Good luck.
Man, it's a great list.
Oh, and what's this one say?
The postman always rings twice.
Oh, yeah.
Well, I'll get that under a second.
See, I gotta write all these notes.
He's a lot of work for me.
I got a good idea.
One of these days very soon, maybe even like on Monday.
We're gonna take a poll, see an easy way to fix a poll.
You know how you do that?
Tell Eric to add some votes for you.
No, no, listen.
We're gonna take the poll.
The question's gonna be, who's the biggest jackass in the South Florida media?
And we're only gonna have one choice, Greg Kotek.
Yeah.
I don't wanna say that there's a way to fix a poll to rig it so that, you know,
the votes come out of certain ways.
Yeah, just like there's only one choice.
One choice.
And so, you know, even if there's only like five people of vote, like, well, what's the
kind of a poll is this?
He's gonna get all the votes, 100%.
W-Q-Y-M, hello.
Yeah, they're one people.
Yes, sir.
Uh, the devil and Mr. Jones, the poor one.
Oh, God.
The devil and Reverend Jones, what a match made in heaven.
Oh, get a life.
I have no life.
W-Q-Y-M, hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
I love your poll and the one on the website, too.
Yes, sir.
Oh, I can't wait to get out of here.
I'm counting the day and I just wanted to say that you need to know that we keep going.
We're going to do an online.
So, don't worry.
We're going to do it.
Where are you going?
We're going to do it.
Toronto University, Govy.
Good vibes out Florida.
I'm happy to tell you.
Excellent.
Okay, see you around, eh?
Okay.
Lifesteery.
5670560, pound five system, they were rising in.
So, they're speaking with your pali.
W-Q-Y-M, hello.
How are you up with the update, sweetie?
If you get back, I'll let you get to school before we see you.
Broke back mountain.
W-Q-Y-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
This must be Todd Cunderborm right there on the phone.
He was just, you know, whether it's screen-murred, rather than an anna.
I think he's screen-murred.
W-Q-Y-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you left off, John Stamos off today's poll.
Blackie.
Blackie is a singer?
Yeah, yeah, that's...
Thank you, Van, for blah, blah.
Oh, that's right.
Oh, it was terrible.
Thank you, Van, that's right.
Yeah, it was really rotten.
Well.
And, uh, your poll for tomorrow, I didn't like the remake of the Hunger the Restless.
It was terrible.
Yeah.
Oh, boy, I should have quit while you were behind.
John Stamos, there you go.
Poor Blackie.
Don't be picking on Blackie.
You know, he isn't, uh, you know, makeup does wonders.
As a matter of fact, everybody talks about how great Brad Pitt still looks.
No.
No.
Even though he gets microdermabroid.
Well, he sits, he's been killed in, uh, injured, uh, eight injured in a Texas car crash.
And 14 puppies were lost, too, in Oklahoma.
You know, I don't want to like, uh, the mean, because the world doesn't have any value on human life anyway,
but the things that they put in just in, major, bold, okay, so there's a car accident.
Well, okay, that's bad.
And we were sorry.
No, were we just saying Brad Pitt gets microdermabrasions, but not enough of it.
Oh, man.
I don't remember where the hell I saw him in last month or two.
He's on TV all the time because of the video.
No, no, no, no, no, no, but this wasn't one of those appearances where they got like 40 pounds of makeup.
Right.
My God, he looked about 90 years old.
He has.
What?
Pits.
Yeah, exactly.
Brad has the pits.
Which I mean, granted, what is he about 87 hours something?
He's got to be 40 something, right?
Right.
And they do a real good job with makeup and he's saying, he looks pretty good.
I'm going to be honest with you about him.
And he would, the movie you're going to see there, the primal fear.
Uh-huh.
Uh, he wasn't bad in the movie.
He wasn't good.
He was just in it.
You know what I mean?
He was, he, he did what he just there.
He walked through.
Kind of like the phone he worked, he does, his defensive journey when he faked that.
He faked the acting.
He said, he didn't have to do anything.
Which is fine.
It was just Brad Pitt.
And he was like one of the least of the characters.
But, you know, I mean, the only movie I really cared for him in all that much.
And that's only because he was young and he really looked good.
Was that one, the, the, the, about the, across the tracks with Ricky Schroeder.
What the hell was the name?
You're the only one that knows the name of that movie.
He just said it.
Across the tracks.
That wasn't the name.
Who was it?
I think so.
Get out of here.
Across the, across the tracks of my ass.
Yeah.
He told me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, Google it.
Google, uh, do I have to be in Brad Pitt?
Who could not have the name of the movie across the track on the other side of the tracks or something
like that was in it?
Something like that.
But I think it was in with a Ricky Schroeder who just, it gives me spilky.
So I just want to vomit when I see him here.
Oh, but then he grew up and became Rick Schroeder.
No, it's still a Ricky Schroeder and he's still annoying.
Definitely across the tracks.
No, Chris, there you go.
I want to loose, to loose that track.
Sorry, I arrogant with you.
Across the tracks.
So I know my Brad Pitt stuff.
Now, he looked really good there, but then again, he ought to look good because he was the young guy.
But, uh, as the years went on, I wonder, then you have good movie he was in.
I mean, don't tell me you have the fight club.
No, I'm not.
Don't tell me, uh, meet at Black.
We were in California.
Seven.
Oh, California.
I would say yes.
He was very good.
Seven, he was a good movie, but he wasn't good in it.
And they were okay with it.
Are you with that?
You say he did a good job?
What's the point of the little moment?
The little moment of the magic there.
All of the acting he did in that movie prior to that scene was demolished, was devastated by...
What's in the box?
I mean, yes.
Right.
I mean, the moment of Melania was in the movie.
What was the director out for lunch when he filmed that scene?
I mean, he must have been, he must have missed that somehow.
So it wasn't the box.
His wife said, oh, sorry.
I thought it was some heat oven.
Wow.
Well, that was a good movie, though.
And I said it wasn't Morgan Freeman in that?
Yes.
No, Morgan Freeman is great, boy.
There's a guy.
Snatch is another really good one.
Yes, I think you're pardon?
Snatch is great.
You should see it.
Better take the break.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516-Q-A-M.
A pit god.
You know it.
We can do this.
Now I'm having to.
Pat, bite, pizza, and shove it into my dicker.
Hey.
Now you can't take my wheel round the hole.
All that weight got my butt sore.
The best years of what remained in my life.
I can't put his place.
Just for all time, I think I'm going with the view.
Of the blissfully impertinent world.
No.
I've had enough for you, every guy.
You're just as good as my eye.
You've passed it slowly, like dead men.
And I know you've gone astray, oh, love, I'll play from here.
I'll hand my kids back in forward and car, then I drove on cows.
I go to my orifice and lean out my desk.
That is, if I only had an orifice or a desk,
I'll slap up to both grudges, who'd have all placed in watchman's office
from a band.
That's the point.
I wonder if, when it would have earned its helpless weight,
when he got time to now, for a day, he needs it.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go
go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go
. This is Annie. Absolutely. James Stern is going. Look, look, look, look, look, look , I noticed those
famous G- co silently having a look for positive reality, you know, Pump's
 in their grillinghuman meat, they're not going to advertise faggot tonight, they don't
haveetycz here, they don't haveetycz here tonight, right here. So I'm here when she's going to
The Mountain View California-based company planned to rule a new version of its search engine
very China's web suffix dot CN.
Yesterday's a matter of fact, this tourism Tuesday.
A Chinese-language version of Google search engine has previously been available to the
companies dot com address in the USA.
By creating a unique address for China, Google hopes to make its search engine more widely
available, easier to use the world's most populous country.
The cosmic government bearers set up to suppress information like some of the truth Google's
efforts to expand its market share in a country that expected to emerge as an internet
gold mine over the next decade.
Pretty obvious that there's a little hoolly owes that to the circle.
There are the ones that send you all the stuff on the chat.
Well, it's good they found something to do.
Give a little rest.
Let it heal up for a while.
U.S. military and of course we do not negotiate for the release of hot cities you don't
understand that.
Unless, you know, well, we want to.
Unless it looks bad.
U.S. military reportedly freed five Iraqi women detained yesterday, whose release have been
demanded by the kidnappers of American reported deal Carol as a condition of sparing her
life.
An AP photographer at the scene reported the five were driven from U.S. custody to their
home of a senior Sunni politician and Baghdad and returned to their families.
The report released came after U.S. military announced earlier today that a total of 422
detainees would be freed today and manana, a group that claimed responsibility for
abducting Carol and Baghdad January 7th had threatened to kill her.
Unless all female detainees in American custody were set free.
They want to be free.
People want to be free just ask Felix Cavaliere and the other rest.
Now, Grower Doctor wants to be free but he won't be.
This vote talk stuff, man.
What a bunch of crap.
Why goes to show you stupid people?
Just like that Kevin Chudo, I changed my mind.
If there are stupid people out there, go exploit them and take their money.
One victim said he thought he was dead when he woke in a hospital room unable to move
or speak.
Another said he was a prisoner in her own body and learned to communicate using her toe.
After hearing the dramatic testimony of two individuals temporarily paralyzed from shots they felt
were the popular anti-wrinkle drug Botox.
U.S. history judge James Cohen sent in the Howard County Doctor, back McComb, B.S.C.H.
to the three years in federal prison they stiff as possible sentence.
In November 2004 McComb is one time girlfriend Al Mahal and Eric and Bonnie Kaplan of Palm Beach Gardens contracted severe
Bachelors poisoning air from McComb and Jirks Adam with Bachelineum Toshantype A or is that Bachelineum Toshantype A
and potentially a lethal ingredient that's used to make the drug Botox a year later McComb 48
pleaded guilty to a single kind of trafficking and a drug that was not temporarily approved.
Now he's going up the stream, up the river for three years, up the creek.
I guess they got a bad creek.
Now Damian writes, oh Damian from the Omen.
Remember the Omen?
Oh yeah.
I know you don't want to today show absolutely Damian.
It wouldn't watch it if a gun was held on my head.
But today how he Dean was on he was able to shop Katie Kirk.
You go how he that's our man.
How he did I told you that.
I told you that a long time ago and he was like, ah, and I he's a crazy person here.
He thought he was crazy.
Look what we got now.
First she tried to have him come and Hillary Clinton and her saying that the Republican Congress was being run like a plantation to what she replied without hesitation.
It was the same thing that Gingrich said in the past.
She quickly moved on and he's right about that.
At the end she tried to say that the Abramoff had given many of the Democrats as well as the Republicans and how instantly told her that she was wrong.
And I can't read these and not one dime was going to and I can't read because this is a bad answer.
How much you want to bet she'll never come back and say that the nation had it wrong.
I would love to stand on her head.
Good luck.
I mean have a good time.
Too bad I can't be the dip.
Riley again.
Jesus Christ.
Speaking of what time is his show?
Why maybe we didn't put him on the other station over there and get some talent on there.
Maybe like between the two and four.
Maybe we wouldn't put him on two to four.
We ain't got a real we got Geldy Day and revolving door to the four.
But I'm sure right now that Joe was in there with our part time program director and their hammering out a solution for that two to four thing.
Which of course is mad dog to the six.
Don't forget starting Monday Jim.
Man it's two to six.
Boy can you imagine if he ever agreed to do that which I doubt but if he did.
Can you imagine the impaling on on letter openers that would happen across the street.
You'd be able to hear the sounds over there.
The stream of blood would probably flow right down across the street.
Don't touch.
Riley says speaking of the remake of Pink Panther.
Chris Tucker, Mike Myers and Kevin Spacey all considered from the part of Inspector glue.
So but turned it on except for Steve Martin.
What if they were smart and he was not poor Jackie Chan was also considered for Kato.
Kusos assistant pretty sad Peter Sellers is rolling in his grave.
Riley says and you are absolutely correct.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
God.
Hey it's Alan.
Alan David.
Welcome back to the Mojawa David the show where we're juxtaposed a.
I'm not funny but good clean family what I'm here and you're dead.
I didn't tie that phrase.
You know that bite smoking things rape is funny is that funny huh?
What what what what what since when it's getting rape funny what do you require?
I require you to have your beds.
I see him right now.
I got my snook there.
Drop it off we on it.
You're like a baby.
Get to hell.
Get out of here.
That offensive man.
Steps like a ass.
Turn up for a boat catch my delicate ascender.
Why do you think somebody want to rape me?
Why does weight tank in spot?
That's why.
Open it there.
Get up there.
Get up there.
Get up there.
Get up there.
Get up there.
Get up there.
Get up there.
Get up there.
Get up there.
Get your ass out of that safe check out a wash these H.
My fault my dear.
Get up there.
Get up there.
Get up there.
Get up there.
Get up there.
What are you some kind of fairy?
I'm not.
What do you know about being queer you're born?
I've been right there not to know that.
That's the difference.
We're supposed to be talking about sports here.
This is sports radio over here.
We love men.
From this point on, I don't beg to get paid by the outdoors.
Now we're going to make something out of this creepy paper you understand.
Then maybe later I'll pull the links or the gist out of my pants.
Okay.
It's a joke, you moron.
Oh no.
There's more shits in my pants.
Oh no.
Oh no.
Oh no.
Oh no.
Oh no.
How can it help?
Maybe you see what I mean.
Yeah.
Keep getting raped into this.
Yeah.
Look into it right away.
Thanks a lot.
So my time is up.
I'm putting it down.
Drop your pants.
I said drop your pants.
That's it.
I'm all kind of.
Give you something to do while you're watching golf.
Like this.
Or in the hot liquid in your eye.
Like this.
Oh no.
It's a noise.
It's a noise.
Oh no.
And I look like what you made me do.
Kind of get pants on.
Now pin wide.
You want to work my show?
You'll go as you're told.
Now get over here.
And that's right.
Now come in.
Now get over there.
Come in.
Now come in.
Come in.
Now come in.
Right there.
Over here.
Do the pizza.
No.
I did not steal those pizza.
Do the pizza.
Do the pizza.
I ate no pie.
Burger.
I did not steal the pizza.
I did not steal the pizza.
Do the pizza.
You only have one slice.
Put your pitcodes in a glass.
See if anybody's inside.
No.
Close it.
Close it.
A little closer.
I can't.
Like that.
I can't get leaves.
Oh no.
Oh no.
You're a tough guy.
Why are you a tough guy?
Oh no.
Now sing it.
Oh no.
I'm a new Pope.
Sing it.
I stand before you now.
Let me bless you my son.
I said the joy.
The joy.
The joy.
Well perhaps you'll go on your mind.
You'll know who I am.
You'll know who I am.
I'm a new Pope.
I'm a new Pope.
Of course it's more important that I have lived you.
Why I don't have yet?
No, I don't have a home now, or a short.
Watch out for Mr. Whipple.
We need to go to the bathroom.
We need to go to the bathroom.
What happened to it?
It's more.
It's more.
It's more important.
It's more important.
It's more important.
It's more important.
I've got about it.
That's what I say.
And kiss my ass.
Bye, bye, bye!
