Best prize for crazy internet glasses, employees,ici-
Now, America's favorite monologue marathon man is trying your patience at all whole new ways.
Big chin records for his ass.
J. Leto does hits of the 80s.
Why, House, Secret Service in the street.
Why, House, A.T. him?
I'm one of the presidents of A.T. him in this street about this unbelievable.
If you like watching J. Walking, then you'll love listening to J. Singing.
Come on, I, Lane.
Oh, I swear.
Oh, true story.
Within the pay for this point.
If I had riddled my own life, I wouldn't believe it.
It's extremely if your favorite decade with a man who hasn't been clever since then.
Pick up.
J. Leto does hits of the 80s today.
Where you like?
Don't do it.
I used to be funny, but I blew it.
Isn't that right, Kevin?
To order, J. Leto does hits of the 80s.
Just call 1-800.
Oh, who are we kidding?
No one's gonna buy this garbage.
I think you'll add.
Exactly.
10-1-560-WQM.
This is the, um, I think when you get to the end of a bad cold or the flu, that's when it
gets like settles in real deep and then all of a sudden it just, just bangs.
It's like around the hump.
Or I shouldn't have said, the starage voice, that was just a, uh, blow on your nose there.
No, it was not blowing my nose.
Blow to it.
Hey, don't forget tomorrow's the big draft party.
Okay.
I'll read the whole liner a little later on when I have more voice.
And then you can pass that along.
All right.
That was stimulating that wrap up there by the beast of it.
I want to tell you right now I'm going to warn you folks the worst movie in the history
of mankind.
Do not watch it.
It's called last days.
Loosely based on the final days of Kurt Cobain.
Right.
A lot of speculation of shirt.
What do you mean by that?
Nobody does really what?
No, no, that's what it's about.
Michael Pitt is in this movie but it doesn't really make any difference who is in the movie
because you don't see his face because he's got long hair and a heavy growth of beard.
And all he does is kind of, I didn't watch the whole thing needless to say but it doesn't make any difference
because every time you turn back to it thinking maybe now something's going to happen,
it doesn't, nothing happens.
He just keeps staggering around and a heroin induced stupor.
And people keep coming over to visit him and he keeps running out of the house.
And there are, this is Gus Van Zant, whose idea of art or fine film.
This is a crazy person is what it is.
If this isn't the worst movie in the history of mankind, I didn't see what was the one of the,
they got all the hype with the kids in the woods that was supposed to be so great
and everybody was, oh the Blair Witch product.
Oh, the Blair Witch product.
I didn't see it.
But I've heard you describe how bad it was.
Right.
Just multiply that times a thousand.
All right.
And that will tell you about last days with Michael Pitt.
It is the pits without the pendulum.
It is just all right.
It's indescribable.
It's so bad.
In fact, you almost should see it just because you'll, you'll just be in this belief that
anybody could produce a piece of crap like this, this bad.
There is one scene where Michael is, you know, stoned off his head.
Well, he's stoned a whole movie.
I would bet he's staggering around and passed on the bedroom and we flashed to the TV screen
where there's a voice to men video on.
Uh-huh.
And we get a close-up of the video for like about a minute and a half.
Wow.
Yeah.
Like, another scene later in this piece of crap, the front of this mansion where he's wandering around.
That's basically what is, is him wandering around and people trying to find him and chase him.
And then he keeps running outside.
But there's another scene that just shows the front of the house and the big tree in front of it.
And it shows a scene through the window, but from a distance, okay?
And this real annoying, I mean, unbelievably bad music is going on in the background.
And somebody is mumbling, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And, uh, and you see, just vaguely, you see silhouettes of somebody moving around in there.
And he's like moving from the left of the screen to the right of the screen and then back to the light.
And, but you read it, it's almost like what we're looking at shadows because you can't really make out what's going on.
Right.
Oh, I think you read it.
I think you care, but that's about as much as animated as it gets.
I can see why the suit is really likely.
And, and this scene goes on, I would say it's probably five minutes.
It seems like an hour.
Or it's just a still shot of this, the front of this house and the window.
And I just, I can't describe it.
Maybe you really ought to see it.
Just, just, just, I'm amazed.
I'm probably wind up, you know, getting really stuck in there.
You know, most of the reviews trash it mercilessly and deservedly.
So, but as usual, there's a group of suits who have even like eight out of ten or nine out of ten.
And all my gosh, what a brilliant thing.
And if you're a big fan of Kurt, you know, I'm not a big fan of Kurt,
but even if I would have been it just, it's staggering.
And I hadn't seen the ending, but I, I, I've raised up what I'm reading in there.
I saw many ending endings just like he did, but, or he allegedly did.
Or whatever.
You know, well, he did it because he realized that he was married to Courtney Love.
Well, one of the, one of the reviews in there that trashed the movie said,
if he would, if he would have shot Courtney Love early and it would have redeemed the whole thing,
but it didn't happen.
Oh, it's just the last days of what it all costs.
Please, I beg you, it could be the biggest Kurt Cobain fan in the way.
In fact, the bigger a fan you are, the more grossed out you'd be by.
It's just, it's just idiotic.
It's just pathetic.
It's the epitome of the artsy, artsy pseudo intellectual crowd who can, who can take any piece of,
you know what reminds me of, it's like an Andy Warhol painting.
Okay.
Yeah. Same thing.
Well, the, the, the, the, the movie making what Andy Warhol's so-called art.
Right. That's what the suits like.
No plot, no action, no thing.
No, it's not hard to figure out nothing you're like the soup can.
Right.
Andy Warhol drawing a soup can.
And that's what this movie is.
That was brilliant.
Only the soup can.
At least somebody opened it.
There was some action there, you know.
I'm serious.
Nothing happens.
Absolutely nothing happens.
There's no dialogue of any substance and it's just, uh, and then there's a scene when a friend,
a couple of friends of his are driving to a sea in which they don't see him because he keeps running away.
And, and we're looking through the windshield of the car.
And they're having a conversation.
And the windshield is reflecting the, because the sun is shining, the windshield,
windshield reflecting the trees and yet.
And, and so you don't really see them.
You see the reflection in windshield.
I guess that's also supposed to be.
That's brilliant, right?
Yeah.
God, how come I couldn't come up with that?
Here's the poll we did yesterday.
Boy, I can't really talk too good.
They might play a lot of bits today.
Ooh.
Sounds good to me.
I should have done that later.
There's a lot of people called in such ease.
So, by the way, Norma stopped writing, uh, hospital emails to, uh, to Clearabell.
He's very, uh, offended.
And he's going to call Joyce again.
Right.
Joyce, he's picking on me.
I want you to demand an apology.
Seriously.
We are working for such a disaster.
You, you can't even begin to imagine.
Uh, in my wildest dreams, I could never imagine this could have happened to us.
To any of us.
I mean, they are, it's like demolitioned Derby.
Do you ever see that?
Oh, yeah.
That's what they're doing at QA with demolition Derby.
So, don't forget again this afternoon.
We took that poll and the majority of you said, oh, we don't want to hear the sweep, Maister.
We don't want to hear it.
So, he's on, it's like wall to wall, Geldie.
Now, he's unlike, like minimum 15 hours a day.
That's a new format.
Then we got mad dog of hooters in the pines, Marlon game, and then, uh, Eddie K.
That's the deal.
But it's just, uh, it's, it's beyond like, uh, ability to describe what's going on.
They're dismantling the empire piece by piece.
Anyway, South Florida's best played by place.
Sportscaster wall time is we have 1325 votes.
Rick Weaver, I voted for Rick Weaver and he won 210.
Like, oh, my thumb on it or what?
Yeah.
I hate this poll 205.
That's what I hate.
It's 447.
Joe Angel 142.
Scoot over badly.
He's probably too good for South Florida.
He got screwed badly by the organization.
Sonny Hirsch 92.
Bill Zimper 91.
And an honorable Bill Zimper.
Let's see, where the hell is it?
Here it is.
It sounds like Elmo.
And no luck yet, Jim.
Now he's still locked in the closet down there.
With Tom Cruise and John Travolta.
Jim Mandage won't come out of a closet.
So there's Bill Zimper 91 vote.
Moe Howard David had seven votes.
And it's amazing how many more people seem to like him now that he's gone.
Yes.
You don't have to be 65.
The old orange head.
They've all ran 53.
I just hate everybody and everything 51.
Eric Reed 37.
Joseph Gackie 32.
That is...
I don't know what to say about that.
Yoldi 25.
Dave Halverstan 24.
Mark Van der Mir 22.
Now, when Yoldi gets more votes than Mark Van der Mir,
it tells me that there's no hope for South Florida,
even though downtown's making a great comeback.
Jeff Humber 12, the rim man,
sucks McDonald 11.
Len Casper 9.
He used to do in the Cubs now, am I right?
He's still doing it already.
He's far as asked to.
Yes, with the Cubs.
Sorry to everybody else.
Dave and Horn only ate after all these years of being your signature voice of your Florida, Maryland.
Dave and Horn with a really, really hot wife and a really, very bad herpes.
He's got eight.
Jimmy Sifilas, he's got seven.
Hey, Jimmy.
You're fairer.
I think you're asked.
Chris Moore on five, Dave Strater 4, your TV voice of the Panthers.
Anybody know who that is?
No.
Former Red Wings, former ESPN, Dave Strater.
Very annoying.
He sounds like Eric Reed.
Mike Englesty, heat radio guy 2, and Rich Walls finally got that one.
And he stayed there one.
Over 13, he got one.
And he never did put the Julio guy, which is fine.
And he went to Gany Boat's anyway.
No, no, no, no, he's at the light.
Why would we do that?
We didn't put the dolphin Julio guy.
I'm sure maybe the heat's got a...
Or how about a fellow, what?
A fellow?
Who is it?
A fellow.
A fellow.
Yeah, that's it.
I see.
Well, what do you say?
Last day's Gus Van Zant.
Man, I'm going to tell you.
Seriously, I want you to mark it down in your wrist so you don't have an accident.
If it comes on a cable or if somebody gave it to you, if somebody gave you the DVD and said,
here, watch this.
I would shoot them at that point.
I would do a Kurt Cobain and just shoot the rest.
Here's today's poll.
And of course it was inspired by that great Wednesday, that great facts we had from Mitch from
South Beach, who's got his thumb on the pulse.
He's got his thumb somewhere.
Back home, sure of that.
Like, little boy, little Tom Thumb.
Wasn't it Tom Thumb who stuck his thumb...
Here's the thing.
No, it was stuck his little jack-order.
Oh, is that who was?
That's in the corner.
Eating is a blueberry pie.
What was he eating?
Uh, his Christmas pie, I believe.
It was?
Yes.
And then he stuck in his thumb.
That's what I'm saying.
And pulled out a plum.
Hmm.
Boy, I must have heard.
What's your take on downtown Miami?
700 Nade votes?
Nade County is a foreign country.
311 votes.
311, it's a foreign country.
Absolutely.
No speaking English, Aki.
It sucks.
Don't go there.
162.
Now, you put those two together and you've already got almost 70%.
It is making a great comeback, 102.
Just like that fact said, 14.5%.
It's making a great comeback.
They've ever been there, 34.
It's become a tourist trap, 29.
It's a tourist goal, mate.
A lot of little overpriced stores for tourists.
Mm-hmm.
So, for Chinese crap, isn't it?
Oh, really?
Yeah.
You're out of touch, Neil, 27.
Well, my response to that is, since I put that on the pool.
Anyway, touch this.
You're out of touch, Neil, 27.
It's fired also by the pool.
I hate this pool, 26.
Interesting, very low number, you know?
They evidently they like it.
And it's paradise, 17, 708.
Well, it makes that 1000 easy today.
I'm just excited about that.
Thrilled.
We will.
I don't know if I'm going to make it all wait until two, but...
It all depends on how many hostile emails go back and forth between
Terabell and Norma Kent and Joyce.
We're working for Joyce Fish, by the way.
If anybody is working for anybody else,
we're all working for Joyce Fish.
Her name is then my contract.
She doesn't sign the paychecks, but she's calling all the shots.
Just keep that in mind.
That's what Kurt Cobain told me.
She's calling all the shots.
And if anybody ought to be shot, she'd have won.
Don't forget tomorrow, it's QM's big NFL draft party with a mad dog.
Jim Mandage at Hooters and Pembroke Pines.
Joanne Maddon, along with Joseph Dackey and the big O,
who is rock solid, or all your draft day coverage.
Joanne said Hooters and Pembroke Pines,
and his QM's NFL draft party this Saturday tomorrow,
Mayana, starting at 10 a.m. and going on to a 5 p.m.
presented by Heiniken.
It's just absolutely love.
He's rickened by the gown.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 a.m.
At the money, Julia.
May you flip.
Think go Jim.
I am a Mexican national holiday.
All stations are giving oil trips that can't cool.
Some are getting away trips to Mexico City.
But we are bringing Mexico to you.
That's right.
We're giving away Mexican.
Real life Mexican.
Go round.
We'll be swaddling illegal aliens across the border
and the wheel well of a station van.
Then we hope you've won to you.
You imagine your own personal Mexican.
And wash your car.
And your helmet, your crown.
And he said you won.
Because if they don't, you'll have them deported.
Audio-sub-vego.
Leave a head color when you hear this louder.
And win a Mexican.
Members of this station and their family
are not eligible to own Mexicans.
Fading in these Aussie, the Mexicans,
is winner's responsibility.
Station assumes no liability for infectious diseases carried by Mexicans.
Now the freight signal to a Maya with your own hold.
Every day with your own very own Mexican.
Easily signal with you.
Okay, we'll get to all those the Mexicans stories.
Because Monday is the big day.
Monday is the big boycott day.
Right.
I say let's boycott all the Mexicans on Monday.
It's what I'm going to do.
Tell us if you're playing.
I don't know if you're going to talk to any Mexicans on Monday.
Neither. I'm not even going to microwave over it.
Guess who died.
Who died?
Daniel McKenna.
Who?
Daniel McKenna, former guitarist for the band, Toby Bow.
Did we hear Toby Bow?
Oh, yeah.
You did?
Absolutely.
Let me see if I got something.
Did you say?
Absolutely.
That's what I found dead in this home apparently a victim of suicide.
Police said maybe he watched that movie last days.
That would do it for me.
You want to anchor Cobain?
McKenna 54, died Wednesday.
He was one of the original members of the band, Toby Bow,
which had a hit in 78 with my angel baby.
Not to be confused with the original angel baby by Rosie and the original.
Let's start out with a real sour note.
There you go.
My angel baby is opposed to horrible, horrible tone.
Wait a minute.
Yeah, wait a minute.
Don't keep picking on dead people.
I'll look there's a very bad story.
Got that feel hungry story.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
Yeah, we got trouble.
Yeah, we got to do it.
We got to do it.
We got to do it.
I think he was saying well, he's got real trouble not because he's dead.
He was a phenomenal guitarist, Art Mendoza, former Toby band member,
said in a story in yesterday's editions of the McCown Texas Monitor.
Mendoza said he first heard McKenna play at a club near the McCown Airport with a band called the American Ice Cream Revolution.
Mendoza said, McKenna loved the fish.
That's what I remember more than anything he said.
He had been really good in that movie last days.
Every time Michael Pitt ran out there into the woods and by the water there, by the river or a stream,
the Kovala bossy river, whatever that place was, he could have been a fish in there, could have dropped the pole.
Toby Bow was the name of one of the last original wooden ship boat.
One of the last original wooden ship boats, Dr. and Port Isabelle on his paper said,
how do you like that?
I bet you just learned something there.
Yeah, I bet you never knew why the tow they were called Toby Bow.
I do know.
Well, that's great.
Here is one of the most staggering stories in the history of broadcasting.
Are you sure positive?
Not really, but by the way Phil.
I think you're mad.
Right.
Oh, I did a little something with that.
I think you're mad.
I think you're mad.
I think you're mad.
I'm just obsessed.
Oh.
It's one of the greatest things.
What else was on my side?
I was a little bit tired.
I've seen it a hundred times because you know, with Robert De Niro and Sheren Stone and Joe
Pesci.
I'm positive now that Joe Pesci and Volcker-Brine are the same person.
There is no doubt in my mind.
I'm telling you, it's the same person.
That's right.
When he puts on that silly ass wig, that's right.
Then he becomes Joe Pesci.
Like Superman.
And if you ever tell him in his box of shirts, I don't want to see him.
Chicken-Eck and Joe Pesci, the same identical person.
It's just amazing.
See, the one thing about Joe Pesci that bothers me a lot.
I mean, if you see him the first time, he can be very funny.
Now, he was also in what's that highly-overrated movie that everybody's always, the boxing movie,
that everybody's always making a bold.
Raging Volshmit, yeah.
And he played the same role in that movie that he plays in Casino, that he played in Goodfellas,
that he plays in every movie he's ever been in.
He's always the same.
Am I right?
No, he's one character actor.
He was also in Hauffa, which is a very good movie, but the problem was he was in it and he was playing Joe Pesci again.
He's really good at playing Joe Pesci.
Yeah.
He's a one-no Charlie.
That's right.
All you know, something, if he would have been in last days, it would have been a big improvement.
Oh, yeah.
If they're, listen, if there's anybody, here's my challenge.
I don't think anybody has that many cajons, more than five.
But if you saw last days, and you're going to try to sell me that there was anything redeeming,
that that was a movie that any, even animals should watch, I'd love to hear it.
I'd love to hear the rationale for it.
I mean, slow would be the understanding that there just is nothing happening.
The fact that this character who's supposed to be Kurt Cobain is, you know, he's thrown out on heroin and he's staggering around
and he's addressing up in a slip, and a woman's slipped, and he's got these silly ass shoes on, and he's like staggering around.
And then every now and then, somebody will come over to this mansion, he's in and trying to see him, and they're running through the plant.
And he goes running out always with the same outfit on, covering up his head, and he's got the lawn here.
You can't see his face, which is probably just as well, but it is bizarre.
I'm sure somebody out there probably liked it, because you know me, I'm out of touch.
No, if being in touch means liking that movie, I'm ecstatic to be out of touch.
I think I might actually go out and bite in that, but I'm going to do it.
No, no, I'm going to have a, I'll do my Amazon.com or one of those, and I'll send it to you.
No, no, no, I want you to see it for yourself, because you'll say, it's on cable right now.
Oh, what? What in God's name is this? What, what, what, what, and limiting?
I mean, you have to be, you have to have like dropped 15 sugar trays all for your watch.
Give me the week of good and baked and I'll bake, I'll bake, they ain't even good enough.
You have to be deep fry.
Alright, I'll shoot up.
Phil Henry retires from radio.
Are you sure?
Okay.
From where radio never syndicated host announces that he will retire from his David National
Citiator radio show to pursue his acting career.
The final live broadcast of the Phil Henry show will take place on June 23rd.
How are we going to continue?
I mean, isn't that the point at which we can just, alright, I, what, yep.
I just don't know how to help him.
Did you, yeah, I did. I went for radio thoroughly.
I've taken my show as far as I can in the present climate of terrestrial radio set, Henry,
about his pending departure in the present climate of terrestrial radio.
I've been doing these characters for 16 years, you know, Margaret and whoever the right ones were.
But I believe it's time for me to take them from behind the microphone and present them in front of the camera.
Henry is currently featured in VCTV sitcom Teachers as cynical history teacher Dick Green.
He's also a period of Judge McCarthy on the sitcom AUSA and made his motion picture debut in 2004
and trade partner in Matt Stone's team America world police as the voice of intelligence and a terrorist character.
I didn't know he was in that.
Yeah, we, uh, somebody told you that.
No, they didn't. By the way, I love that movie.
Uh-huh. In spite of that.
An addition Henry has performed numerous character voices on episodes of the animated TV shows King of the Hill and Tuturama.
So he's now going to be a big TV and movie superstar and say goodbye to terrestrial radio.
Bye-bye.
Okay. There he goes.
It's because the real Phil Henry that we want to know he left terrestrial radio.
He left terrofoma a long time ago.
Makes me sad. Assuming he was ever on it.
You read it. Let's see. Here we go.
Yeah, that's a for what it's worth.
Oh, you've been saying for a while now that it's irrelevant to you how Waxi am does during the show since your competing for different audiences.
However, whether intentionally done to compete with you or whether you figured out that you can't talk straight sports for three hours on a station.
It has nothing else but talks for the rest of the day and I ten a.m. to 1 p.m. Waxi show is not all sports is in the world.
It's intensive. Wow.
They make sure they address the sports stories up front as they affect Southfoot and New York or in New York.
Well, what does that mean?
But then throughout the show they talk about women movies, TV, interesting news and gossip of notepads, family, delay, up, and general.
All the lean toward humor and comedy not always successfully.
I see. This is another PR stunt.
Oh, look at that. He's reading this facts. He's going to give us all way.
Yeah. Just wanted to put next week's ratings and perspective and whatever that means.
Also, Dan LaBastard posed a homosexual question to Hulk Hogan which really pissed off Hogan and paints LaBastard in a really unprofessional light.
Joe Rose, the other is have played this tape and really ripped into LaBastard who don't I don't believe Joe likes anyway.
If you were able to get to see I don't really care about posing Dan LaBastard or anything about anybody over there.
I'm not interested. It's on such a low level, you know.
But again, this is obviously somebody who wants to give them a lot of good publicity and I'm delighted.
I never, you know, whether it was the fan, whether it was our effects, whether any other station of pretenders that come along make believe broadcatches.
I mean, take a look at what they got over there. You know, you got your stew gots and of course we're trying very desperately to emulate them now.
We're trying to out that push read them.
I keep your way. Right, like that. And then of course not to mention the fact that we bring back the unmentionedable ones people like, oh, I'll find them.
He's in here somewhere like this. 567. Oh, he's 560. He put the oh into OH. Oh my God. Wow.
770 votes on the pool. The one that I'm really looking at you right attached near. Look how many of that's got.
370 votes on the pool.
This is Neil Roger. And you're right. I'm pleased to be able to talk about my needs.
I've heard the mayonnaise.
You wear stairs.
Bye bye, Don Thrill.
Good night, everyone.
Just the job, Valerie. Don't get off the plane.
I'm a beanstalk. It's not my job.
I never watch his hair or seem to have a care co-bank.
His name was Kurt. Now he's pushing up dirt.
Kobe.
Why? Why, Fendrull from his chin.
Doing heroin. Kobe.
Your bottle was hot. And now it's Kurt. They ain't got. Kobe.
He got high sick. Good-bye. And he died. Kobe.
Ha!
Made a million and our never took a shower. Kobe.
He's a number one hit in heaven. Big Moshpit. Kobe.
I'm dying on the head.
He'll be elders to King and say grunge with my thing. Kobe.
So with your field without don't take Kurt's way out Kobe.
He got high sick. Good-bye. And he died.
And he spilled it.
Twenty-seven before, I think Courtney does. Not Courtney Cox. Alan Courtney did.
Okay. WDQ-AM. Hello.
Kurt Cobainline. Hello.
Hey, Neely.
Yeah. What's the deal?
What do you got?
I saw last days and I'm one of the people that liked it.
Based on what?
Send it to George.
Based on what?
Well, you know, he lived a tragic life and it was a tragic death.
And the way that his friends stopped him.
The way his friends moved off him really bothered me.
What does that have to do with the movie though?
We're not talking about Kurt Cobain in his life.
We're talking about this piece of said-you-doit garbage is what we're talking about.
What did you like about it?
You said you're one of the few who liked it.
You know, I just thought it the way that you liked it.
I think the acting was good. You liked it. Dialogue?
It was really bizarre. The way he lived his last days.
When the guy comes to his house and he invites him in and tries to hold a conversation,
it's just really bizarre.
But I have a movie I want to recommend to you.
Oh, I think it's a good sell and I can't wait.
Yeah.
Well, it's a tragic comedy.
It's Philip Seymour Hoffman, the guy from Boogie Knight.
Right, I don't know him well yet.
The movie's called Love Liza.
It's a tragic comedy. It's like a guy.
I guess you like tragic movies.
But yeah.
Why not? Do you live in Miami?
I'm a big Requiem fan too.
Yeah. Oh.
Yeah. I probably sit there with a loaded piece right now.
I'm the last American guy that lives out in Halea still.
All right. Well, I know one thing you'd be praying.
You can imagine. That's tragic.
But make sure you send that movie out to, uh...
Oh, I'm going to go. I'm going to go to your coffee.
Because then if he likes it, I will never speak to him again.
Okay. You're like Pally.
All right. Take it easy.
Don't pull a trigger, man.
He's still got a couple of weeks left.
No, I'll never.
Okay.
Later.
Wow. There's a guy.
See? And at least he had the cajones.
I give him credit for that, right?
It's all we can ask.
And of course, if they find where he isn't Halea,
he won't have cajones anymore because they're ready for lunch.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60.
Are they Verizon, Cigarette, Wireless Line?
That's no bull.
Oh, here's...your buddy is online now.
Maybe it's a guy from the St. Petersburg,
but give you a hard time.
QIM, St. Pete Line.
Hey, Neil. Hope you feel better.
I feel you the movie.
And the only good part is that he did die because it was really, really raw.
Yeah, he would just pull the trigger to begin.
Yeah, it was a big mistake.
It was a mistake just for nothing.
It was a mistake just for a lot of time.
I don't know why the watch was advised again,
but anyway, it's still better.
Thanks, Kelly.
See that line?
The night we're just fine from all over the universe.
And George Beckham, Jackass and St. Pete yesterday.
He wrote back and apologized.
Did he really?
For giving me a dark fine, cheap engineer a hard time?
No, we didn't have a fine, cheap engineer.
Our engineering staff.
Although I can't play in the engineers for what's been going on on the crossover.
That's what companies in the curve will get today.
And when we wrote back and said that.
No, that's in the control room.
We have incompetence going on in there.
And of course, our management and even our middle.
Well, some of the people involved are part of the middle of the management.
So when they're the ones that are screwing up, nothing's going to get straightened out there.
You see, this is the thing that somebody there needs to explain to Clearbel.
That is that he's taken the inmates and put them in charge of the asylum.
The very people who are responsible for so many of our problems.
Miner ones, major ones, stand major ones, and in between.
He is now allowing these people to run the asylum.
And then it is absolutely unacceptable.
It's not going to fly.
Okay.
So he may think that he's had some run-in with Norma and certain other individuals recently.
But he ain't seen nothing yet.
Because people aren't just going to sit still and allow him to dismantle place lot.
Forget about the money, which of course is the only reason I'm here, but forgetting about that.
But a lot of people put a lot of hard work into making that into whatever the hell it became,
which at one time was pretty damn successful.
And just to sit back and allow him to watch other people dismantling it and turning it into a bowl full of super-jello,
is not anything that any of us had envisioned.
That's not what we had in mind, you know what I'm saying?
Pretty good.
But a little bit melodramatic.
Not as melodramatic though.
Tell your former operations manager, they're equipped in such a drama queen.
Oh my god, comes in this morning about some sales issue.
And, you know, in so my voice is squeaky.
I mean, I've been fighting off the pluricol whatever this is for several days.
Not the end of the world.
I'm not dying over here yet, unfortunately.
And he's like hyperventilating.
Oh, are you going to be all right?
No, I'm on death's door.
In fact, I'm going back to bed.
Jose, just relax.
You're fair.
I think you're right.
Just cut it out.
Just be in such a drama queen.
Oh, I'm looking at this.
Just relax.
Let's just make it feel better.
Oh, Andy and Miami Beach says,
My vote for today's poll, both it sucks.
Don't go to downtown Miami.
It's making a great comeback since these buildings take years to build.
And, few actually open yet.
It's just one big construction site with a crane in every corner.
Sometimes those cranes fall down.
And just wonder what will happen all these 70-story high-glash buildings lined up next to each other
when a cat five rolls through?
Phil Henry, they were speculating on IOD this morning that this retirement business is just another bit of his.
Oh, oh, would that be something or what?
Would that be something or nothing?
That would be the epitome of contrived crap.
That would be almost as good as the last days.
Not quite though.
Also, there's a very funny picture of two topless women on Miami-Herald website.
Scroll down to photos of the day.
Click, and do whatever you say.
I'm not really supposed to make a picture of one of them.
But I'm sure George and Josh will be right on it.
What do we, Josh, is going to attack Zach?
Yeah, that was very poorly executed, by the way.
The group of losers who decided that that was going to be their crank effort to do your very poorly executed.
Because the first guy evidently has a bad hearing problem and said something about Kathy.
See, we don't know what they're talking about.
It doesn't really have any of that.
That's okay.
Kathy, who evidently he was supposed to say Zach.
So I would maybe just got rushed to the Boston room.
I mean, my ears are plugged up bad from the cold, but even I could hear what he was saying.
So, why would it?
If you're going to do a crank job, at least do it right.
I can't wait to hear the sitillating.
You know what that reminds me of the fact that first facts you sent me about Cross the Street.
You remember when they started with the fan, with that 1980 on the radio dial?
Right.
They never even showed up in a ratings day.
Like fractions.
Kind of like the one across the street now.
And I remember with somebody in our sales department back then,
I remember who may have been Gary Surner.
I don't think you wanted to tell me who it was because it was too obnoxious.
And oh, that's a show for guys.
That's a guy show.
They're talking about women and strip clubs and guy talk.
It's not some fag, you know, like we got.
I don't remember.
It could have been anyone.
Yeah, it could have been anyone.
Who was the former sales manager that they had practically had a fist fight in the hall at that time?
That was a lengthy cutler.
Oh, yeah.
What a memory, huh?
Very nice.
God was here.
Jackass or what?
And he now, who did you have that brawl with?
It was nearly a fist card.
I forgot.
I forgot.
That was good.
I wish to have had the audio from that.
816 votes on the table.
We'll have that 1000 so easy tonight.
And we're talking about like rolling right off the log or like dropping a log.
Speaking of dropping a log, be sure, watch last days.
Just van Zat.
It's a classic.
It's a killer.
Killed two hours.
I mean, seriously, if you thought the man who wasn't there was slow, that was like, like a Mexican jumping being in a heat compared to this thing.
Last days.
It's not that it starts somewhere and eventually very slowly goes somewhere.
It just doesn't go anywhere.
But, although I think when I send it to you and you watch it, I know exactly where it's going to go.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 560 QAS.
Rogers, MTV presents 9-inch nails unplugged.
I want a f**k you like an animal!
Give it this thing, it's not I.
I'll come and sit and work in.
She's trapped you knocked over my bongep.
9-inch nails unplugged.
Only on MTV.
Okay, I'm in the middle of ordering you the CV.
The DVD I'm sorry.
Alright, I'll finish it during the next break.
You're going to have a virgin copy on DVD no less.
Spectacular.
Of course once you sit down to watch it, you're not going to like being able to keep the channel out of it.
You're taking it out of drugs until it's good.
There you go.
I'm telling you, you're just barely seeing the screen, just barely, you know, since they're alive.
560-705-60, pound 560, they've arrived in Singular, right?
As long as we've got Geltie again today, 4-f**k.
Oh my goodness, wow.
WQAM, hello.
You'd be going any in Canada.
You know, I guess they'd be coasting.
He won't be calling on Thursdays.
You know, this he wasn't on the yesterday.
What about what happened?
No, he gets his treatment on Thursdays.
I see.
How do you got healing up?
WQAM, hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
Yes.
I thought this was better.
Your penalty was not in half a.
That was down in the video.
Oh, they had to be though.
That's correct.
Right, yeah, I stand corrected.
But they're about the same height.
No, I think he's shorter though.
He's shorter than Joe Pesci?
Oh yes, he's very...
He's very...
He's very...
I thought he was a Joe Pesci, I would say.
Yeah, and those end of the video is all right.
I like him.
He's...
Joe Pesci was good in Gertzellat.
Come on.
He was good in what?
In Gertzellat.
Wow.
He always plays the same role.
I'm not saying he wasn't good, but he's just always the same.
If you only saw him in that one movie, you'd say, well, he's pretty good, but...
Then when you see him in Casino, when he's playing the same damn role again,
and then you see him as some other flicker, he's still playing the same role.
Yeah, do something a little bit different, but he's a one-trick pony, uh...
Is what?
Have you ever seen a movie that you made with Err...
Do I need your film?
No.
No, uh...
That can be...
No, no, you're not.
No.
Okay.
Well, that's all I got in.
Take care, okay?
Okay, see ya.
I'll take whatever I can get.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, yeah.
I guess he was offended by the fact that I said Joe Pesci is always the same.
I didn't do.
He is.
He is.
I'm my nerve to be honest with you because he's always Joe Pesci playing.
Joe Pesci, yeah.
If you're going to be an actor, you know, do something a little bit out of character.
Like acting?
You mean, yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
Instead of just going out and there being a little chicken-neck.
We know chicken-neck and we like him a lot, but he is what he is, you know.
Goofball.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Dale.
Yes, sir.
Quiver, did you make us mad, Sandra?
That movie you're talking about.
Who what?
The day that movie you're talking about, who was the director?
Gus Van Zand.
Yeah, that's what I thought.
Yeah, this is what's not the movie called, elephant.
Yeah, that's right.
I didn't see that one, but I also read some of the reviews of it, said it with a slower than
the last.
You don't want it.
No, yeah.
The wait, the start.
It's like, people listen to jazz and people who watch, who look at Andy Warhol art.
Oh, you're just too much of a slave to understand that, Neil.
That's probably your other touch and you're just not to hip and cool and the audio-diotic,
you know, filling the blanks.
Just couldn't spend all your time in those coffee houses in the village, you know, with Arnie Ginsburg
and all those pseudo and intellectuals.
Yeah, and one thing I always really impressed, it's like the people that you're in Mensa, you know.
They sit around and congratulate each other on how much smarter they are than everybody else.
Not that they're condescending, you would understand, they would never do that.
But there's so much, several cuts above all the rest of us.
Oh, look at that.
Clinton against McCain.
Oh, look at him.
He looks like he had the old bicycle bump in the neck again.
You made me turn it on there and he, now she's not on right there.
There he is.
Showed, let's see.
Hillary, favorite opinion, 76% Democrats, 45% Independents, only 20% Republicans, they don't like that bitch.
Well, who cares about them anyway?
And John McCain, Democrats, 43, Independents, 49, Republicans, 48.
So they're, I guess, they're trying to make the case.
I hope they do run him because boy, he's got a lot of baggage.
Yeah.
And especially when he likes to audit George Bush's star here last, a couple of weeks, all of a sudden he pulled that fill in the window.
He's the turn coat routine.
Very sad.
836 votes on the poll.
Let's see how downtown Miami looks from your perspective from where you sit.
Dave County is a foreign country, 367.
We're going to boycott it.
Not.
It sucks.
Don't go there, 196.
I'm boycotting downtown Miami.
I'm never going there.
It's making a great comeback, 115, 13.7% say downtown Miami is making a great comeback.
There's cranes on every corner, whooping cranes.
Maybe that's what I got, whooping cough.
Never been there, 43.
Believe me, you're missing nothing.
I just, I just farted so bad that it's making the paint peel off the wall.
I better light a candle.
Oh my god.
Well, when you have the flu, you know, it's just, uh, I was having one of those yesterday.
Huh?
All farting day yesterday.
Oh, this is, I'm sitting here like in a, my eyes are missing.
Oh boy, I'm playing missing for you.
Let's set the fire alarm off.
It's become a tourist trap, 36.
You're out of touch, Neil, 32.
Yeah, you're out of touch with South Florida.
Thank God.
I hate this poll, 28.
And it's paradise only 19 say downtown Miami is paradise.
We ever going to do the, I guess, Monday, after the crossover again, hump or be back from the Durmila.
We think.
And wait a minute.
No, we won't.
The Durmila is not tomorrow.
Durmila is a week from tomorrow.
So, so what does that mean?
We don't have next week's schedule, do we?
I do that.
No.
Maybe the brain trust is back there trying to figure out who to put on two to four.
Because, you know, then, it'll probably make the change before the book comes out.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Would be the first time.
See that happen all the time.
Make a big change in the book comes out.
Oh, see, we didn't realize so and so was kicking ass.
We just fired his ass.
See it all the time in the square of business.
Wouldn't that be something if that turned out to be a stumped, I'd feel hungry?
That would be really.
Are you sure?
Orinetic.
Orin and sleep, the icing and sad, predictable.
W-E-Q-A-M-HELLO.
Yes, you know, you're feeling a little naked without hands today, aren't you?
No, I'm just kidding.
No, is that who it is?
Well, how come we didn't pat him down yet?
Or the child's over there?
560-560.
No, I don't think I'm hanging out and we have the same word robe.
And Tom 560, they've arrived in singular wireless lines.
W-E-Q-A-M-HELLO.
And Jane, Joe Pesci, did you ever see Lisa Weapon?
It was kind of different in that movie and in the kitchen.
Well, true, it wasn't any different.
You said he was still Joe Pesci playing Joe Pesci playing.
There's a thing for him.
Anyways, saying Kurt Cobain, man, I'm glad that guy's dead.
He's eating real good music.
Yeah.
Anybody can play three chords and no guitar solos.
Anyway, I thought he's not going to play.
I'm going to play five.
I don't know.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
I'm going to play five.
If this phone is going to be like this all day,
I'm going to a bits of music I really am.
Because this is about as distressing to me as anything
I have ever seen in my life.
Even yesterday was an improvement.
Yesterday was like chronic Thursday.
In fact, maybe that's what I need.
Maybe the recover from this flu is a little chronic tonic.
Don't you think?
Can't hurt.
Maybe some chronic.
A little chronic tonic.
Sounds were symphonic.
We had a lot of bad Wednesday.
We had your buddy Kenny who had his David Cancery blow up the off
Popped Up against the radio.
WDQAM, hello.
Who is Josh?
Yeah.
Hey Josh, it's Willie.
I want to talk to a Neil Bond,
a Neil Bond movie came out today.
A Night Live movie.
Yeah.
I'm going to say about that.
What do you have to say?
I just want to talk to Neil Bond.
Because I'm opening a little room and I don't think that movie should have been made.
I agree.
They have no idea what really happened anyway.
It's just a piece of fiction and they're trying to pass it on.
Hey, this is it.
I think the guy that should have made the movie, he should have made all the money to the R911.
Something to the R911.
Did you think?
Did he do it?
No, I was going to do it.
No, I'm not sure.
He's taking the rest pocket.
That's right.
That would be like making a movie about users and putting the profits in your pocket.
Yeah, we are not just.
Exactly.
Okay.
All right, it's not Mel Gibson's that I don't want to see it anyway.
I'm going to give it a put it on that.
Put it on that.
I'll pass the message to the radio.
I mean, when you just calm down, they all do that.
He's a good guy.
He's a very good guy.
He's okay.
And he actually, I do know what he said.
I'll have him seen it.
Maybe it's a fine movie, but of course it's a piece of fiction.
I'm going to have to look at it.
I don't like when he takes fiction and they try to pass it off as his historical fact.
I hope they'll ever do that.
I like it.
A lot.
Just like last days with Michael Pitt.
A lot of his editing.
The only hope that got me on that was because I saw that movie, The Dreamers, where you know,
he did look pretty good in that because a lot of makeup.
But and you have seen it.
And I saw I'm flipping through the movie channels and I see last days, 2005, Michael Pitt.
And I thought, well, I just want to see what he looks like in this way.
I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say he's looking bad at those pictures on the internet or as he looked, you know, human.
And you really never know because you never see his face.
Right?
Because he's just stoned off his ass and the long hair is always covering up his face.
And even if he did see his face, he's got this 80-day growth of beard.
And then he, when he goes outside, he keeps running away from these people who keep coming to visit him.
He's got this like, it's like in the middle of spring, I guess, or fall when around the time of the year.
But it's not cold.
And he keeps what we're in this parker with a hood up over his head, you know, like, I don't know.
I think that's what to do with Courtney Love.
This is Neil Rogers.
You're covering on the hide to this.
He's 5.62.8.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your brain.
I think you're at.
Any questions?
You, old man.
No.
Open up, man.
No, where you at, man?
You know this hamburger?
No.
It looks funny.
Oh, it smells funny, too.
You want to try it?
I'm not going to try it.
You'll try it.
Let's give it to Mikey.
He'll eat anything.
All right.
Think of Pat's on eating this sandwich set about at the store.
Yeah, the hand it on sale.
This sandwich made with meat, pure import.
Yes, once I used to eat bread, meat, just like a barbarian.
But since I heard about Natow, I'm turning vegetarian.
You know what, big man?
That's fine with you.
I'm not going to eat them eat from the car to go move.
I've turned on Lord to the beef buff, great.
And say hello instead to a fish of all the eggs.
And it needs me with a question.
What's in the meat?
What's the man's more inspection?
What's in the meat?
No, you're eating some infection.
What's in the meat?
You can give your son some to jazz.
It's the level of three at five, 60 to the two.
I'm speaking of it as yesterday when you got guilty.
At two this afternoon, maybe that's why I had, maybe I got guilty, I just.
That could be it.
My allergies acting up again big time.
Uh-huh.
I think he's fabulous, man.
I just can't wait to hear that voice again.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 6, then they've arrived in singular wireless line.
I want to hear about all the good things that are happening in downtown Miami.
Because I'm out of touch.
How many people say that?
35, 4% say I'm out of touch.
Just, and you guys are out of touch too, because you're right there and you won't go downtown.
Yeah.
You know that you look like so here.
I went down the last year.
Downtown.
Yeah, you said, where'd you go to base side or somewhere?
I went to the arena there to see a concert.
No, well, your arena doesn't count.
That's like saying, when's the last time you're in sunrise?
A lot of us at the straw grass.
I was at the macarena.
I mean, that doesn't count.
What the hell else are you going to do in downtown Miami?
Hey, good.
That's what I'm trying to find out.
That's what the inquiry minds want to know.
And since obviously we got, let's see.
It's making a great comeback.
119 people said that.
You know, put your money where you put your mouth where your ass is, man.
Let's go.
Let's hear it.
I don't know what the other is to do there.
Maybe they'll give you something so exciting and enticing.
Maybe Zach is waiting for you there.
I don't know.
It's a good place for him.
Dominic Q.A.M., hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
Hey, man.
I think the meal speaking.
Hey, I'm Christ.
What is it?
Crash.
Terrible.
Terrible movie.
Excellent.
We're one of the best I've seen in years.
How?
I think you should reconsider.
Oh, and in other words, I should reconsider and agree with your opinion.
In other words, I should reconsider.
I'll tell you what I'll watch it again and see if I can come to your conclusion.
Make you happy.
How's that, Schmuck?
I think you should reconsider.
That is one of the great, seriously, market down.
It is one of the great calls I've ever had in my life.
In other words, if you didn't like it, you're entitled.
I mean, you have crappy taste, but he probably like broke back Mountain better.
To which I would say, you're fair.
That's all.
Brokeback Mountain sucks.
Which by the way, Greg Reed stopped me in the hall and said that you should definitely finish the movie because it's all about the ending.
It's a really good movie.
Yeah, I think you should finish the movie, too.
Yeah, based on his recommendation, I think that senses it.
I think as much material you got out of the beginning.
We drink of what you look at in the end.
I am not watching the rest of Broke-ass mounting.
Okay, there is no chance.
Now, the good news for George, for both of you, is because he can loan it to you.
I said you my original copy, man.
Would you listen to me?
All right.
It's on the way.
No, I just, I didn't, you know, I didn't get you one of those used ones, you know, so I go, right.
But it's on the way you'll have a three to five business day.
You'd buy it.
By this time next week, in other words, you're all set up for next weekend.
That's right.
Not exciting.
I'm thrilled by a bag, especially for that movie.
Oh, you'll need a bag.
Just go a lot definitely for some of your bags.
You'll need some of those kind, though, you'll be, you'll be, you think you were bad on Wednesday.
You'll be puking your best out of big time.
It, seriously, you, you sit there, you, you stare at the screen and you ask yourself,
or when is something going to happen to you?
I have a particular thing.
I have a particular thing about movies where nothing happens.
Oh, listen, it happens slowly.
Listen to me.
This is the epitome of that.
There is nothing happening.
I mean less than nothing.
And we have these still scenes that go on.
The one, the scene with the house and the tree.
Yeah.
It's, like I said, it's probably about five minutes, but it seems like five hours.
And the camera doesn't move.
And then there's another one where they're showing out in the woods.
There's a scene.
And I guess, you know, the suit of intellectuals would say, oh, this is so artistic.
And they showed the, there's a little bit of a breeze.
And the leaves are blowing.
You know, they're like, the leaves are moving and you can see the visible.
And we watched that for at least a minute.
And it seems like 15 hours of it.
You know, just, well, what is this supposed to represent?
Why am I watching this?
I mean, I know that when the wind blows a little bit, the leaves can like move back on.
Although the leaves at least were moving.
You know, that was as much action as I think we saw in the whole movie.
The leaves were moving.
I just can't even begin to describe that.
That's why you have to watch it for yourself.
And when you're done watching that, you'll be, you'll be ready for the bull.
Believe me.
W-D-Q-A-M. Hello.
I'll be a huder.
Okay.
Yeah.
Ah-ha.
Only one thing we want you to be in that's dead.
W-D-Q-A-M. Hello.
Meal.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, you know, I was curious to see Crash in a good movie.
What did you find a feeling about it?
Whether I find a peeling about it.
Yeah, what did you like about the movie?
What made it good?
The story I thought was compelling.
I thought it was like Magnolia and that it had the different vignettes about different people.
All related to each other in Zumba's our way.
The acting was excellent.
Other than that, what's not the life?
A lot of circumstances.
I thought the acting was good and it do.
I'll agree with you on that.
But I mean, they just play out the same boring stereotypes.
You know, it just put them in obvious, ironic situation.
No, they were all boring stereotypes.
They were honest stereotypes.
They were honest evaluations of the way real people feel about life.
I suppose.
Hi.
I suppose.
I guess I just, I don't know how the people feel.
I don't think they don't feel very politically correct or scrap that they usually feed us.
And would you suggest a movie, M.O.R.S. Carol?
No.
No, you should check that out.
I want to, I'm not very similar.
Style.
But I thought you don't want to see that.
Well, I want to see that if you didn't like Crash, why would I want to see that?
Well, no, I mean, you know, I'm not saying Crash is a bad movie.
I'm just saying that I thought, you know, the stereotypes were replaced.
They've been done lots times before.
And there's been a film, movies come out in the past year where they've had four unconnected stories of people who all can, you know, collide.
One seemingly, you know, unpredictable situation.
Other than Magnolia, which isn't in the last year, but other than that, namely another one.
All right, let's see.
What was another one that came out recently?
Who's the one with Beneathield El Poro where he hits the girl on accident, the family caught in the street, and got Sean pen in it too.
And, uh, oh, come on.
You got to know what I'm talking about.
I had never tell you.
I have no idea.
Oh, really?
All right.
And, uh, let's see.
What else is coming out recently?
I don't know.
He kind of pulled me on the spot with that there.
I'll have to look it up a little bit and I'll tell you what I know.
I know.
Why do you movies that were similar to that?
But that's not.
Well, I'm not saying that it's unique.
I mean, very few movies are unique.
I thought it was very well done and it kept my interest in it.
It had a lot of action and it moved.
And it wasn't boring and ponderous.
And the acting was sensational.
And, uh, I just enjoyed it.
No, it certainly wasn't ponderous.
I know that this, this come, I'm not talking about you, but I'm just in general.
There are some people that you have to go through this whole,
people who consider themselves students of film.
It's just like with music, you know, and they want to critique theirs.
I don't watch a movie that way.
I, I, I, I sit down with an open mind.
I put the DVD in there or turn on the cable.
You know, hoping for the best.
I'm going to enjoy it.
And I did.
I'm not going to go through a whole technical explanation of all the angles and, uh, yeah, I'm just not into that crap.
No, I'm curious what you found to go about the film.
I mean, I, I thought the story was very compelling and kept you glued to it.
Was it predictable?
Everything was formula these days.
No point did you know what was going to happen.
Right.
So yeah, a lot of suspense and a lot of surprises.
That's the, I have to disagree with that.
I had to movie peg from the very beginning.
I mean, I knew what was going to happen all the way through.
No, they were all going to connect together.
I mean, I did.
You're a dirty liar.
So I know what you knew that Ryan Philippe was with a few things.
You knew that the kid was going to pull out that, uh, that little chosky there in Ryan Philippe was going to blow him away.
You knew there were blanks in the gun.
Oh, I knew he definitely was going to save her later on.
Yeah, that was obvious.
But you know, you're a lot of, you're a few things.
I can't, I can't talk film with you because it's too hard for me to film.
It's going to be a lot of the liars.
Okay.
A dirty filthy lie.
Well, he's a liar and he said he liked the movie and then later on he's ripping every aspect of it.
How, how to help out?
Anybody have known there were blanks in the gun.
Right.
And of course, if you didn't see it, we're ruining the whole thing for it, but blame him, not us.
Right.
I would like to know what happened to Ryan Philippe throughout the end of the movie because, you know, if he's out there hitchhiking, I'll go pick him up.
What?
Are you ready?
He needs to ride.
He's fired to the corner.
He's hitching a ride.
That's right.
He's hitching a ride.
Look, I like Ryan Philippe.
Okay.
I think he's fine American.
Who was he married to?
I don't know, but that turned me around on him because I was, I was, hey, really?
Because I don't know the movie.
Don't tell the movie that, that I saw with the one where he said, that was the movie.
Oh, that was a good movie though.
That was also Benny Show Delphur was in that.
See?
You know, that was a good movie that I could get in the other room again and see.
I can never think of the name of that movie.
Oh, for a crime.
But that was very good and James Conn was in it and he was imitating James Conn.
Is that who I was imitating?
Yeah.
That's all he was imitating on hand left.
He's the right.
He was having a fair noice.
So you can be very honest.
This is just a kill from Conn so you can find that movie.
By the way, he's married to Reese Witherspoon.
Oh my God.
It's another reason that's not like him.
Why is that?
Well, that's right.
You hate Reese Withers.
He's not very ugly and scary.
Well, at least he's not some gay sailor.
Although he, although he wasn't 54 and he...
Trying to think of Michael Pett turned down the rule in 54 and reading his bio.
I'm so glad too because Ryan Philippe was a good man movie.
What, he talking like they were?
Yeah, he was.
He was not talking like that.
But Michael Pett was.
See, Michael Pett wasn't talking at all in the last days.
He just...
We're carbying.
Like that.
Oh, listen.
There is nobody in the world like him that this is one of those things you have to experience.
My verbal abilities, my capacity, are limited.
But when you watch it for yourself, you'll say, I can't wait to really...
You'll be in this scribeable.
It's just...
And the fact that the pseudo-indexibles will say, oh, but this is really a work of art.
It's a masterpiece.
Fans and his adgenious.
See, that's the part that really will send you an over when you think about that.
13, past 11, a few, and it's the guilty warm-up show.
Getting ready for that.
Great sound.
An answer to a sound.
Exit the mum's.
One's in a generation.
A movie comes along that changes the way we look and think about film.
Broke Back Mountain is that film.
Here's what people in New York City are saying about Broke Back Mountain.
Broke Back Mountain, I love that movie.
It's one of my favorites.
Literally, I cry the entire time.
And he pledged his performance.
It was amazing.
I love that movie.
Here's what people in Arkansas are saying about Broke Back Mountain.
I mean, you see that, Frank?
I mean, I don't know.
I saw two guys and then the two guys.
Unfortunately, his head just exploded.
Here's what people in Los Angeles are saying about Broke Back Mountain.
Oh my god, I'm pretty hard.
Just...
Yes.
Beautiful.
I mean, really?
How could you ask for anything more?
Go ahead.
Yes.
Fabulous, fantastic.
Here's what people in Utah are saying about Broke Back Mountain.
I thought I was going to see a cowboy movie.
And you know what I said?
In a pub can't, it changes way.
Unfortunately, his head just exploded.
This winter, one movie is breaking box office records and connecting with the heart and soul
of America.
Broke Back Mountain has won virtually every major critics group award for best picture.
Here's what people in San Francisco are saying about Broke Back Mountain.
It's magic.
Pure and simple, magic.
They felt this movie in my soul, my heart.
Here's what people in Alabama are saying about Broke Back Mountain.
My god, there's a couple of me guys in it.
Unfortunately, his head just exploded.
Broke Back Mountain.
Not for everyone, especially if you live in a square state.
I think I know why Greg liked it so much.
He brought back a lot of memories of Andrew Asinwood.
I see.
20 past 11 at 560 W.J.M.
Don't forget it's Q.M.'s big NFL draft party with the mad dog at Hooters and Pepper Pines
tomorrow.
Joanne Jim Maddard and Joe Zagaki and the big O.
Broke Solid.
Roger draft A. Coverage.
And be sure to enjoy them at Hooters and Pepper Pines for the NFL draft party.
Tomorrow starting at 10 in the morning and goes on all the way to 5 in the afternoon, presented by
Heineken.
Now.
Heineken.
That's right.
I lost it.
925 votes.
We're going to have before noon we'll have our thousand.
Are you impressed or what?
I'm impressed.
I'm just going to have to watch Crash again just to make sure I, you know, and then I'm going
to re-evaluate.
560, 560, Tom Fight.
We still don't hear about all these good things that are happening in downtown Miami.
That's why I'm really skeptical about this.
Well, you know, maybe they're busy having a good time, too busy enjoying all those things.
Well, if that's the case, then how come they're voting on the pool?
They have their laptop, but it was at it.
Or it's a hotspot, you know.
That must be it.
Because 121 people say downtown Miami is making a great comeback.
And I'd like to hear about all these attractions that people ought to be going and seeing and shopping
at.
Dining and dancing?
Exactly.
Maybe Joey Carr is down there, dining and dancing.
And the phone is as dead as a door nail.
And once that delay catches up in about 20 minutes, you wait and see.
I said they're all at that block party downtown.
They're all on the other all at base side.
560, 560.
You know, this idea that the ending is the whole thing about a movie.
That's what you have to wait and see.
If I have to go through two hours of terminal boredom, so bad that even the sheep were nodding off, I don't care what the ending is.
It's not of any consequence to me.
You follow what I'm saying?
No, you're right.
In other words, there are a lot of movies that are very fascinating and then we're not real happy with the ending.
It'll make a great crash.
Crash the ending isn't satisfactory to me because there's a lot of loose ends and a lot of bad things that can't go on forever.
You know, like I tried sounding about Magnoded.
There's a lot of interesting stories.
You know, have a sequel or something.
But the movie can't go on for like seven hours.
It just can't go on forever.
They can't edit out some of all your questions.
Why?
They could have edited out some fat one in Magnoded.
Or yeah, or just written it differently.
Even Tom Cruise was good in that movie.
What is that?
That storyline was great and it ended.
I don't think he had to do much acting for that part either.
You follow what I'm saying?
Because he was...
No, I think that was him.
Well, sadly, he can be a good actor.
You haven't noticed that in what that was the movie written in the first-keyed business when he was under our dance around on the couch.
That was a pretty good dancer on the couch on Oprah.
He's got this thing on the couch.
Really?
Well, I don't want to do that.
He should take it with us.
Yeah, I think he does everywhere.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Where they going, yeah.
Where they going?
That was the one with the DCL Toural and Ryan Philly.
What is he going to do?
He was talking like James Cahn.
I love that James Cahn.
I'm going to be a movie game director.
I know they never heard him talking to me.
Very...
Now in Godfather he talks like that.
Come on, where you stop?
Talking like a New Yorker in the Godfather.
Not like a hair-lib.
Do we have...
I don't think we have any...
Oh, yeah, we have a lot of them.
Well, listen.
You're taking a very personal scene.
Very personal, yeah.
Yeah, he took his very personal.
So, Morning, William, we'll pull him in, man.
I'll get some audio from it.
That's the way...
We have it in the home.
I'll dub in some audio from it.
Anyway, it's a good movie the way the Godfather would be like.
He don't want it no more.
It's a good movie.
That was all right, yes.
And the scene where they're doing the...
What is it?
The sperm donation or whatever they're doing?
That was a blood...
No, it was sperm.
Yeah, and this is in the sperm.
We say that?
I just said it, okay.
Right.
In the polywob bank.
The tadpole bank.
That scene...
I have a tadpole where he says to the guy,
just a faggot.
Come on, just a word, right.
That scene is just...
It's the best.
It really is good.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
I-S-Y-F!
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you and George both suck.
Yeah, okay.
Listen, line up.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Line up for the...
Shoot out for the...
I'm not so okay, Carral.
And pound 5, 60 and leave a rise in singular wireless line.
Well, I'm just wounded to the quick, you know.
You're right though about that soda, just cusser.
We're both right.
Right.
Cusser right through it.
Cuss through the cradle.
The other stuff generates flim, as opposed to, you know, diet Pepsi.
Climbs soda and free.
What is that?
I-I don't know.
I mean, clumps soda.
Clumps soda and any caffeine.
You know, you know, you know, you think it would be like...
Let's see, because I had some the other day when I was having my own issues.
Does he have any job done?
I don't know what it was for me.
Clumps soda with the nausea?
Flim the up.
Really?
Yep.
How about, like, diet 7 up is supposed to be good, you know?
And then then they die ginger ale.
Right.
Why- why is that?
Why do they always, like, say, ginger alecone?
Is it really?
Yes it is.
Really?
I never had no dog name ginger.
Then it's got a dog named Mitzi once upon a time when I was a little kid.
My aunt and uncle gave us this dog that was dying.
Right?
Nice job called Mitzi.
And it gets sliding around on the...
I think my mother being a sadist even at that point, the years and years ago, she used to wax the kitchen floor
just to see the dog slide around a lot. What a bitch.
WQI am, hello. Hello? Yes sir. Is this male? Yes, speaking.
I'm hanging in there. How are you? I love your show. Okay. And, and, and, and
that's it. And goodbye. Goodbye. You know, this business about downtime
is making a big comeback. You people are so full of crap. Man, it's just, it's, it's staggering.
There isn't one thing that they can tell us, not one. Not even, not so lamentate uno.
That they can tell us about what's happening down there. So, I mean, I hope you saved that
facts. I should have framed it. Well, that was one of my all-time favorites. I did not.
The thing that's coming. Well, what did it say the most cosmopolitan city in the world?
Real. Here's the fact that says, speaking of facts is, Uncle Neil, these people
calling him and saying that crash was not a good movie or way off. I rented crash on your
recommendation. I thought it was great. It was led to one of the ostrichs that I broke
ass mounting. The caller that said he knew what was going to happen is full of crap.
Y'all, yeah. Yeah, he, he didn't. He just, he just make it. He knew there were kinklers.
And he knew. Right. He just pull it in, man. He just
talking a lot of trash. That's all because the bottom line is you didn't like the movie or
or he just trying to be a barb us or that's all that's we like the movie. So, therefore, it's sucked.
And you know something? See, I don't really care whether anybody else likes it. That's the thing.
It's like music or movies or anything. Sure. I got my taste and as long as I can taste it,
that's all I care about. 939. Oh, there's that John Bolton, man. I'm
going to come to room when I see him. Good God. He says, Iraners and Defines of the
Insecretary Council. Let's bomb them right now, man. Before that November election, let's
bomb them now into oblivion. Let's just start WWE three. In fact, we already got one W.
I didn't know what I was doing. I was like a trying to.
I was going to miss. I got the Frank's in beans. Frank's in beans. I got it caught in my
zipper. I'm here. I'm loaded. I'm pregnant. My man, who's
I got it caught in my zipper. I'm sick. I'm sick. I'm sick. I'm sick. But it's always
so bad. We're in love. I got it caught in my zipper. They said I'll be free.
I got it caught in my zipper. I can't stop this. We need to be scared. We'd like to get
a stop in about there. I got it caught in my zipper. I'm down. I'm loaded. I'm
pregnant. Okay, I just popped the levequen. I think I'm going to be feeling much better.
I should start taking these couple days ago. So what a lude. A levequin. Yeah, a levello
floxison tablet. Kind of a buzz you get from that. Anyway, these expire in May anyway.
So I'm as well using my own. Probably be better after they expire. No, see, that's
always a good reason to start taking a bunch of medication. Before they expire or before
I do. Now that'll help. 955 960 votes. What are coming in a chunks now? Can you smell them?
Smell something 960 on a pool. What's your take on downtown Miami? Dave County is a
foreign country. 413. A lot of stories about the whole Mexican deal. And wait till you hear
this. There'll be two to three million people heading to streets in LA alone on Monday.
All these big protests. The ancient white boycott marshes on May 1, Monday. We're going
to close down LA, Chicago, New York, Tucson, Phoenix and Fresno said the union official
who helped organize earlier route is credited with rattling conferences. It debates the
immigration issue. And you know what this guy's name is? I don't know who you. George Rodriguez.
Really? I know you. The union guy. George Rodriguez. Anyway, we'll get to that.
I'm not shutting down Miami. Oh. Are you going to start stirring a pop? Because downtown
Miami is making a big comeback. I understand, but no Peter down there. Dave County is a foreign
country. 413. It sucks. Don't go there. 235. Don't go there. It's making a great comeback.
127. But not one of those 127 will tell us how or why or when or where. Never been there
47. Well, it's become a tourist trap. 42 tourist traps on Lada overpriced crap. Kind of
like Niagara Falls. See Niagara Falls really amazes me how stupid so many people are.
Well, because most Americans are poor people anyway. But like even the Humper who I think
is generally knows a little bit. Not much. But remember I was trying to explain him about
Fallsview, Casino. He kept thinking Niagara Falls, New York for some bizarre reason. Which
there is an Indian Casino Niagara Falls, New York. But why does anybody want to go to Niagara
Falls, New York? You know, see that's not where the honeymoon couples go. That's not where
anybody goes. But it is definitely a tourist trap. They got like the wax museum. They got
a whole cap. But they got a great casino there. It's all I can tell you. Anyways, become
a tourist trap 43. But then you can say that about Vegas too, right? Tourist trap? That doesn't
mean you can't have a good time there. You have a blast in downtown Miami. Go to Bayside.
Yeah. You're out of touch, Neil. 40 people say that. 4% I'm out of touch. Well, too bad.
Too freaking bad. I'm going to stay out of touch. I hate this poll 32 and it's Paradise 24. I just
made a decision. I said this about a month ago. But I'm going to do it this time. I'm getting
rid of that normal camp. You deal with them. I keep looking for an email. I was supposed to have
this morning. All of it has to do with you. You you get in touch with them about your deal.
I'm no longer I'm not going to be the Pimp anymore. All right. Don't be the Pimp anymore. I don't
drive a yellow Seville. I'm not the right shade to be a Pimp anyway. I'm just I'm not participating
in that shenanigans. Don't you know, as it is you can hear I'm you know struggling a little bit
to sweep the voice with a fluid is cold. Whatever this is pneumonia. Whatever I got any calls last
night out of the blue and waste 45 minutes of my time on the phone and my voice. Getting me all
whipped up about nothing about things that I know interesting. The big the the the crux of the
phone call was that the bees these are a bunch of idiots and they're impossible to deal with it.
Now what it is called me to tell me that right right. Yeah. Getting me all stressed up and then
apologizing for calling me on. I don't care. I just want the money. Is that so hard to understand
I just want the money. I'm doing the best I can here every day. Even I've days when I'm like sick
as a dog. I'm not really at yeah. I'm not throwing it to a little iffy. I still show off sick as a
little dog. I still make the track the track all the way into work. I'm a great rule. All right.
Through this means. But yeah just go away normal. I'm not I'm not sending any more money. I don't
I don't want your services. You deal with George. You you you can be as client. Okay. It's got my number.
I'm sure he's going to want some serious cash for. Yeah. Because he's getting you that big
rate. I know retroactive and full bonus to summer. First of all, arguing about bonuses on this
station at this point. I think it's kind of a move point. Don't you? Yeah. I mean I would be
planning to spend any bonus money. I know because I know that John I said his new deal. I mean he's
got written into guaranteed bonuses. Oh yeah. Because he knows that we ain't going to be getting no
bonus. Not the way that they're dismantling this joint. So. So we'd like to normal. Okay. Thanks
for the memories. But go away and just don't ever call here again because I'm just going to hang
up on him. I don't want I'm not giving you no more money and you just you're annoying. That's
all. And what what he likes to do because when he tells me that all this screaming with Joyce and
this and that based on what based on what I got almost three years left on this deal. I don't
have any great immediate issues of the you know the paycheck showed up a date early again this time.
That's fine. It's all I care about. I don't care what they do to this place.
Well why the hell should I they don't care why the hell should I care right. Try to try to try to
I'm like the bg's told me just stay in a live that's what I'm trying to do. Stay in a live and get paid
on payday. That's all that's a fine admirable view. And unlike some other people who are getting paid
a lot of money who seem to show up. You know whenever the hell they go and have some other gig going.
I'm here pretty much here if you do that's right stay in a live. They hit him spot with five shots
six shots and he's still alive. Well that's not start with the bg's or dinner please. Thank you.
Play the bg's one more time and that's right. Five six seven oh five sixty.
Five sixty. Now you have to watch of my son then now that we got that Lenny Revive. Why is that?
Because there's a Lenny character in there. Yeah and he's differently complex but there are similarities.
I see. WCYM hello. Hey good morning Neil. Yes sir. I know you missed one of the top part episode.
It was a real good one. They're going to show all of them Saturday night.
I think you know all of them from well I just didn't get the news all the new ones.
But not Tom Cruise in the John Travolta in the closet. I think they're long. I think they're going to be
not that one anymore. In 2005 they're going to show all the 2006 ones. Oh I see.
And there's one character in the episode called Gary. They should have named that character.
Yeah that's the one I burned for you man. You'll have it in the mail. Oh good.
I burned one for you. Yeah. Put some depends on when you watch that.
Okay. Later. Thanks. Put a towel down on the chair or something.
Really? Yeah. We're a bid. Hmm. You might blow a snot all over your shirt.
Now who is this character like Joyce? It's very much like Joyce. Yes.
Constipated. Bitch. Yeah. I mean I don't need somebody to do it for you.
I don't need anybody to call me up at night or at any other time to tell me that the
beesleys are a bunch of idiots and they're impossible to do business with. I don't need that.
I know that. You know what I'm saying? We don't need any reminders.
You're just an impediment of existence storm by and what you've accomplished is
last period of time now. I could put in a thimble and have room for the Chinese army left over.
It's been a long time since you've nailed on much of anything.
Well at least in this I'm not sure what else you're nailed in but that's saying I can imagine.
970 votes. What do I tell you? We'll have a thousand votes by noon.
Then they will fear us. This is Neil Rogers. What solid mix is 5.6.2.8.
5.6.2.8.
You bastard.
I hear the voices.
I listen to all voices.
Hey, Jesus here. Have you killed all the homo yet?
We need their soul. Right?
There won't be any words left when you get back anywhere.
So, for you, George, I pay you the decided.
I'm the decided.
I rock one of the good decisions.
Don Rumsfeld is doing a fine job.
And it's not like the idea of lowering a clause back is.
Yeah, that's the city of Simanyway.
Funny how everyone goes there just uh...
They have Claire's a virgin Mary.
Who did more of that with some wearing a friend?
She makes great sandwiches.
That's because she's real.
He'll be glad they did.
Not that died.
Fireboy, she's more like a boy.
Sam, is that you?
There's no way as bad a night rules look like a dog today.
Fireboy, may be God's in the sun.
I'm the decided.
Or look sexy when he dresses like a Russian woman.
I wish I had more voice, more voice, more voice, more voice, more voice, more voice.
I think you're mad.
Lume 46, 14th of Lunar QA, and black-handed.
Leverquinn already uh... I feel better already.
I mean it's just psychological I guess.
What do you do to start it?
What?
Did you start it?
Yeah.
No, I put, I insert it in my rectum.
That's the most...
The cross accused who made previous report.
I'm going to get into my pile.
I like to speak a little bit.
All right, so I struggle long until I could open up my vocal cords.
I'm like uh... really cross-by.
Well, wouldn't you think that they would like do something?
I mean...
I guess that's not what it is again.
There's no like an operation or something like that.
There are vocal cords.
You just can't speak.
Mm-hmm.
Right.
Well, that's kind of like uh...
last days.
That's Kurt Cobain.
I mean Michael Pitt.
The woman who said she was raped
and did by three members of Duke's lacrosse team
also told police seniors.
She was raped and did by three men
filing a 1996 complaint claiming she had been a
sold of three years earlier when she was 14.
Well, she gets raped a lot.
Authorities in nearby creed...
been nearby Creedmore, North Carolina,
said yesterday that none of them
named the day Decade Overport was ever charged,
but they didn't have any read details why.
A phone number of the accusers
been disconnected or family declined to comment to the A&P,
but relatives told Essence Magazine
in the online story this week
that the woman declined to pursue the case
out of fear for her safety.
The existence of the report's surprise defense attorneys,
one of whom had sought information about the accused's past
for using attacking her credibility.
That's the very first I heard of that said Bill Cotter,
the attorney for a dead-ed lacrosse player
Colin Finnery,
who along with fellow Duke's sophomore
read, Seligman is charged with first degree rape,
kidnapping and sexual assault.
The attorneys for Seligman asked the courts this week
to order the state to turn over the accused's
medical legal and education records and hold a pre-trail
hearing to determine if the complaining witness is even credible
enough to provide reliable testimony.
The accuser, well we know about that.
She did this, if she did that.
According to the Creedmore Police report in August 1996,
when the woman was 18, she told office issue was
raped and it didn't beaten by a three-man for a continual time.
In 1993, when she was only 14,
she told police she was attacked at an unspecified location
on the street in Creedmore,
a town 15 miles northeast of Durham, North Carolina.
The report lists the names of the three men,
but other details.
Creedmore Police Chief Ted Pollard said yesterday
had no recollection of the report
and a staffs been unable to find any additional
information about it.
Durham Police Officer Brian Bishop,
who interviewed the accuser in 1906 while working on the
Creedmore Force,
said yesterday had a vague recollection of the report
but couldn't remember any details.
When asked about the accuser's previous report of
Raidgurm County DA,
Mike Niphon declined to comment.
He's mum.
Before Saladman and Fitterley were in data attorneys for the
players, pointed to the accuser's criminal history,
when answering questions about their clients' legal troubles,
the woman told you guilty to several misdemeanors in 2002.
But a big betta would put about that.
I have one question still.
So why should we care?
But of course people do that.
That's why it feels very important to put that on the ear.
I whipped up about that.
Another gets some other missing chick who is a
abducted.
I don't know.
They're starting in on that.
I think Dan Abram is a real
a real pilot turret, real
self-important kind of a jerk on MSNBC.
He's all whipped up on that one.
So we caused people to be there to solve that one pretty soon.
She'll be on top of it.
Like, think on Greg.
996 votes.
I bet if I refreshed it, we could have maybe
just maybe.
Ooh, 998.
Ain't that great?
That's right.
I can't wait.
No, we'll have our thousand votes and then we can all go home.
Not before the melt.
This is quite a shock.
Reports says Iraq becoming a terrorist save haven.
No.
The State Department's annual terrorism report finds
that Iraq is becoming a save haven for terrorists.
And as attracted a foreign fighter pipeline,
linked to terrorist plots, cells and attacks
throughout the world.
The report being released today also says
terrorists who have exclusively associated with al-Qaeda
present the greatest threat to the US
and the world even greater than al-Qaeda itself.
The official told CNN that without al-Qaeda senior leadership
scattered on the run, autonomous cells inspire
by al-Qaeda's extremist ideology present a greater challenge
because they're smaller, harder to detect
and more difficult to counter.
These micro-actors are launching more attacks
and they're more local and more lethal.
The senior official said, of course, he spoke on a condition of anonymity.
The official cited last July's bombings
and London by British Muslims who ties to Pakistan
as an example of an increase in attacks by local terrorists
with foreign ties.
Iran is becoming a terrorist save haven.
What a shock.
It's interesting before the Iraq attack,
and that wasn't the case.
So as usual, do a heck of a job, Mr. President.
A heck of a job, Brownie.
A heck of a job, all of these folks.
A heck of a job, Carl Rowe.
So they could be his demise.
Could be that jury is going to come back
and maybe give some bad news for him today.
Wouldn't that be bad?
Yeah, that'd be bad somehow.
I just refreshed again.
We got a thousand and four votes.
Man, that makes me feel like we accomplished something here today.
If you know something we did,
because if nothing else,
if I don't save people two hours of their lives
but not once in at last,
because some people maybe who like Nevada,
maybe they like their core,
but I like their core core core core.
I don't know.
I know.
That's what I think it gets us.
It's 1973.
Okay, never stole a freight train.
Right.
I beg your pardon?
I said you haven't liked anything good since 1973.
I see.
Or four, I don't know.
No comment.
Forget when Aerospace was making good music.
Oh, but you would.
It's all the drugs.
Make you forget.
Yeah.
560560,
town 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
That's not the point.
The point is whether you're what I was trying to say,
even as a fan of the group,
and if then personally,
you will watch this movie
and just, I'm guaranteeing it.
But I bet Josh's life on it.
Well, I better unload the shotgun before I watch it.
Because I can see one who's already
making a lot of noise this week about not
like he movies that are slow and hard-witted.
And nothing seems to happen and move very, very slowly.
That's maybe as much of a pee as the ending.
Well, for me, this movie is like it's on a freeze frame
for two hours.
That's how fast this one moves.
Occasionally, though, he does.
He does move from one side of the room to the other.
He's a stagger from one side of the room to the other.
Which is bigger.
I bet if they wouldn't have watched it.
The leaves actually blowing in the breeze.
It's like, oh my god, there's actually something happening here.
The scene...
You've got to see it.
I can't describe it to you.
The scene of the house where they're looking through the window
and the tree, the big tree is there for the house.
And the horrible, this awful music,
the light of which I can't even begin to like,
nails on a blackboard, even worse than that stuff.
Where was this supposed to have been?
I didn't see it from the beginning.
You think I actually sat and watched this thing?
I just kept going back on a morbor curiosity,
wondering when something was going to happen.
Or why it had the three stars on the bottom of the screen
like it did there on the preview thing.
And nothing ever happened.
So I can't answer any of your questions.
Although there was one scene where he was all dressed up in a...
Then addressed?
No, I'm addressed in a what you call it.
A slipping.
In a black slip, yeah.
A chemical.
And then every time somebody came over to the house,
he would give him a slip.
W2AM, hello.
Hi, is this the Neil Rogers show?
Yes, sir.
Oh, hi, I'd like to talk with Neil about the last A's movie.
Yeah, you're not. I'm speaking to you.
Oh, I'm on the air.
It sounds just like you, yes.
Where are you calling from, by the way?
I'm calling from Florida.
Florida.
Like a city or whatever the hell they were.
Oh, yes, I'm calling from Port St. Louis.
Oh, Port St. Louis, when I keep that quiet,
if I were you, too, that's a good idea.
I saw the movie.
My daughter picked it out.
She's 16.
Right.
And we watched it together.
And I thought, actually, through most of the movie
that was trying to be bad on purpose.
Well, they sure are good.
They sure are good.
It's accomplished it.
Yeah, usually with a bad comedy,
you at least find something that's funny
or a bad scary movie, you find something that's a little bit chilling.
Yeah.
But this was really bad.
And afterwards, if you want the extras
that they put on the DVDs, I don't know if you did.
I would tell you.
I don't have the DVDs, thank God.
I said it was on cable.
Okay.
They actually have interviews with the director and the actors.
And they're talking literally about how brilliant they are
for saying this or shooting this scene that way.
And it's less out loud, laughable.
Well, you know the scene that I'm talking about
where they're showing the shot of the front of this house.
And then the three is the big three.
And then you can just barely see like some motion inside
the window and you have no idea what's going on.
Yeah.
And I write, does that same scene
like it went on for about five hours?
Yes.
Yes.
Yeah.
That's one of their brilliant scenes.
If they were pouring the camera back, correct?
Yeah.
They were showing how they did that
and how brilliant it was that they did that.
And people would come, they had the actor
who was in the one scene talking about wanting to get a space heater
talking about how brilliant he was
because he brought up a space heater.
Uh-huh.
It was really laughable.
And to this day, I still see my daughter about it.
Every time we're going through a video store,
I have to point out what did she say about it?
Well, she thought it was about Kurt Cobain
and once she saw that scene
where he was dressed up in the dress.
Yeah.
She got out wearing the dress.
So that was pretty much it for her.
Yeah.
But I thought that one scene
where he puts the park on and goes into town.
I don't know.
You got through that part.
Did you get up to there?
Did you want the whole thing?
No, he kept putting the park on.
I don't know if he was going into town
because every time he would do that and go outside,
I just turned it off.
Well, he's talking to a man in, um,
I think it's a bar.
No, no, you can carry what he's mumbling to a man.
Right.
Well, actually, he wasn't even talking.
The man was talking to him.
Yeah.
And he really didn't see anything the whole time.
And they never showed his face.
They would just show like the side of the park
and it reminded me of Kenny and South Park.
Yeah.
Yeah, no?
Because it was just like the Kenny character.
To me, the movie was a move
because it's probably the worst movie I ever saw.
Amen.
Amen.
Yeah, if you appreciate bad movies, that's really the one.
I think Kenny saw it.
Excuse me, but I do believe that South Park.
Have a great day, Polly.
Uh, there's one other thing I'd like to bring up.
Yes, sir.
It, this is a personal thing.
It kind of annoys me.
And I'm sure you've probably brought it up in the past.
Uh, I get outraged when I see cards with W-O-4 bumper stickers on them.
Yeah.
They just, it just, it's beyond me how
you could still have that bumper sticker on.
First of all, I don't see anybody voted for them again in the first place.
But to have an honest, it's a time when they have people investing the cash flows
as well as regulatory relief to enhance.
Yeah.
Sorry to spoil your lunch.
Have a good day, okay.
Uh, I just can't believe that people are riding around
probably displaying this sticker.
If I bought a car and it was used and had that sticker,
I'd spray paint it or something.
Just just remember there's a lot of stupid people out there.
Just keep that in mind.
I, I know.
I've got my own bumper stickers now.
There's a place called Northern Sun.
Yeah.
And it has like a liberal bumper stickers.
And I think I'm going to display one or two and hope that nobody flies.
Yeah, be sure to careful.
Okay, good luck to you, Palli.
Say goodbye.
I just did.
Good guy, but a little long-winded.
Anyway.
Could be peace in the Dothra region.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
In the Dothra region, it's where all of them people are dying.
All like Xeno side.
But he can't be worried about it.
Well, look, if he didn't care about the dark forces in all lanes,
why don't you care about the dark forces in the dark for us?
This is me, Roger.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M.
If you can't hear the dialogue on the TV show 24,
it's not you.
They mumble in whisper.
The following takes place between 1am and 2am.
The tractor.
We've got a new lead on a sync car gas.
I don't know what you're going to call him.
He's over the seven.
What's that, Jack?
I'll call him and say, I've got to call him.
Yeah.
I didn't get that.
I didn't get that.
You're probably really worried.
But why are you getting mad at me?
I just can't.
I just can't.
I just can't.
No, stop looking at me.
I just can't understand you.
If your volume's not on 24, you can't hear poop.
I'm not going to tell you anything, Jack Bauer.
Where's the synconc?
I'm not.
Why?
The synconc.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
I told you we were shit or good.
I'll tell you anything you want.
Just tell me what you're saying.
Oh my god.
Oh god.
This is driving me crazy.
24.
The only way you'll be able to understand what's happening
is if you use your closed captioning.
Okay.
What are you doing here, Jack?
What's that?
I don't know.
I think you're calling me shit, Jack.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I have a land.
What's your first letter?
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
24.
Where even the SAT button can help you.
No, we're not supposed to have a synconc.
Yeah, you're not supposed to have a land.
Yeah?
What's that?
No, it's not a brand.
I don't know what you're saying.
No, we're not supposed to have a synconc.
Oh my god.
Me, oh.
24.
Man, be nice to hear what was actually happening, wouldn't it?
Oh, Jack.
Jack, I miss you.
I love you.
I'll be out of contact with you.
Huh?
I said, I'll miss you.
Call me what's happening?
What do I know?
Don't leave me alone.
I got to push on my face.
24.
What's your first letter?
Oh, and fawn.
It's trouble, too.
Speaking of mumbles.
Of course, I will have people by my side.
Well, that's good.
1022 votes on the poll, man.
We're kicking serious ass.
You're still waiting to hear about all those great attractions.
I bet you I bet you a lot of people
will be very grateful to find out what they can do in
downtown Miami this weekend.
I can't wait.
I got a crayon ready to read it.
All right.
Well, let's write these things down.
OK, let's have all these.
Let's see.
We got a whole bunch of them.
It's made to be a comeback.
135 people say it's making a great comeback.
I think you're right.
Right.
5670560.
Tom 560 and they've arrived in singular wireless line.
I don't think over the years, I've asked so many questions
and I've gotten so any answers.
But this particular one, I mean,
if there's something there,
inquiring minds want to know.
That's right.
I could understand if none of our people voted for that.
But I mean, we got what percent is?
13%.
Say that it's making a great comeback, man.
It's a happening place.
It's the epicenter of the universe.
Downtown Miami.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
Hello.
Who is it?
We've come.
Oh, Neil.
Yes.
What's up, bro?
Where's George?
He's the hangin'.
Hey, George.
What's up, dude?
I got a big bun.
Yo.
We have to.
We're going to hit it up in your door.
I'm going to get it.
You worry.
Dr.
O560, pound five, six,
and they've arrived in singular wireless line.
Have to pardon our.
Or what?
We're in children or smoke.
Yeah, pardon our blowing smoke.
WQAM.
Hello.
Should I go to hooters?
Yeah, with a banjo on your knee.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
QAM.
I got to speak with you.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Oh, wait, hold on a second.
Neil, how you doing?
Let me say it again.
Great.
Hey, I'm just out here for a week.
What the hell is going on in my am?
I'm from New York.
This place is crazy.
Yeah.
Cool.
I'm not figuring this whole rigmarole out.
Whole rigmarole.
What does that mean?
What rigmarole?
I got that.
I'm ready to wait.
I'll stop.
Yeah, but if you turn the radio off for your line,
I'm ready to get fuzzled.
Don't bad for New York.
You're right.
Let's go back.
Turn the radio off.
He's squeezing his cheeks.
Here in his own sound on the radio.
He's waiting for our four-minute delay.
We know it's bad here in the New York.
Go back to New York.
OK, we got enough New York lose news already in South Florida.
Get lost.
They're part of the rest of the restaurant.
Retard.
Retard.
Retardo.
God.
Even the Guido's won't put up with his ass.
That's probably why he's in Florida now.
Another guy that got drummed out in New York.
You know, a lot of those.
Do do do do do.
Somebody Q I am hello.
New York reject line.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes.
You know, I have a few weeks ago, almost a month ago,
you were asking about Marisa's release.
Yes.
You know, she has a beautiful line.
Yeah, he always did.
I have your meals, your scarves.
Yeah.
At Maribou.
And that was it.
That was it.
That was the beginning of the end of his call.
His fantastic input and output.
Boy, you people, you know, that pull we did on.
I think it was Wednesday.
About the people of South Florida.
There were no over.
In fact, if anything, there were some understatement.
So that one believed me.
It's just it's astonishing.
It really is.
When you become emancipated,
and you get out of South Florida,
you go almost anywhere else.
And you discover what, you know,
living and breathing people are really like.
And living and breathing places.
But that's why I guess downtown
I'm so excited to so many folks now, you know.
These are the same people get lost
at the purple, pirate inference to the sawgrass.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Yeah.
Yeah.
By the way, that was good.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
I'm sorry about that one,
this is my opinion.
I know the downtown about 30 times a year
because I'm not people sticking over for my own.
Now, it's funny because on the way to the arena,
you got to skip over the homeless.
Because there's so many of them.
Yeah.
The street is just littered
with people just laying around,
drinking red bulls.
It's just, that's the only thing.
And also, you got banks right there.
But that's a tourist trap for the kind of
approved passengers, you know.
And also, in closing,
the movie that the guy was thinking about
was Sean Penner,
but his tutorial is called 19 grams.
Pretty decent movie.
Okay.
You should check it out.
So good movie.
It's not all I can crash.
But I'm not for tragic.
I'm an impression,
it's not tragic,
but 19 grams is tragic.
Okay.
They'll turn their tears.
I was a good user.
I'll see it based side.
Say goodbye.
5.6705.60,
5.60, we're still not finding anything.
I mean, go and go to the AAA arena
for a concert or a heat game.
That's not something that's
happening in downtown right.
It could be anywhere.
But the arena could be like in the
Annemous belt.
The parking in the parkade,
you don't go anywhere.
It would be like saying,
you know,
sunrise is really hopping
because the macarena is there
and the panthers play there
and occasionally have a concert.
It's idiotic, you know.
It's like saying that,
we're there.
Well, what was that place in Jersey?
Where the metal lands is.
What's the name of that place?
I have to ask somebody that's been in Jersey.
I've been there.
Metal lands is there.
The track and the arena that
awful arena for the devils
where they have no fans.
But that would be like saying,
what has to happen in place
because there's a track is there,
you know, because the arena is there
that the devils play in,
with nobody goes to.
It's just silly, you know.
WDQAM, hello.
I said I got a race.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Are you doing my friend?
This is your friend from the land of fraud.
How are you?
OK.
Hey, listen, I've been saying a long time
that this town has needed an animal.
And I got to tell you,
I'm a self-employed guy here
and I work on a construction.
And they've been rounding out people
over here, Neil.
This is freaking places of ghost town.
Don't study rumors now.
Don't go starting any rumors about them
rounding up all in illegal aliens now.
I'll tell you it's all over the news.
It's on the paper.
I can't hear you.
I can't hear you.
Yeah, I see it.
It's my friend.
I can't hear you.
I can't hear you.
Yeah.
I see it on the Neil.
Yeah.
I see it on the job site.
It's a ghost town out here.
There's nobody.
No one.
Well, that's the case.
That means that all the people
are wearing illegal aliens.
Well, it's the way you talk to one guy.
He said that you have to
free to come out of there.
Can you believe this?
I'm loving every second of it.
Good.
You know, I want to let you know that.
That's just a fact.
Make the streets a lot safer
for all you other illegal.
That's a good idea.
567.0560.
I mean, this whole,
the whole thing is, you know,
when you have, when you have
no policy, you let everybody
and their brother come pouring in.
And you're talking about home land
security and all these other
politically correct sounding
BS, all this crap.
It's just lunacy.
So there is no way to solve it
because it had years and years
of having no enforcement.
So let's just round it up.
Let's round up everybody we
don't like and report them.
How's that?
Okay.
I might even come back for that.
I'll pick and choose who we're
deporting.
I'll see you at deport.
Starting with some of your
Ojamprabaka tour countrymen
here.
Some like Raul, Raul,
Saul, that whole crowd, you know.
That's what he hears.
No, he's not one of mine.
When he hears Jewish,
Vukaron.
567.0560.
Pound 567.
He verized in a singular wireless
line.
I think you're right.
Okay, just relax.
Calm down.
Yeah, when do we get,
when do we get him on?
See, I don't have next week's
schedule, but I have the weekends.
Yeah, I might be posted out there.
But I haven't got any more.
More guilty tomorrow.
Oh my god.
We are guilty intensive.
We got, oh, and then
Sunday morning, we got Curtis and Len.
I can't do that together.
On Sunday morning.
And followed by talking hard
ball with a crow.
Seriously,
remember I made the comment.
I was just half joking a couple
weeks ago, but I want to say it again.
I'm beginning to believe.
I'm going to, I'm going to hire a private
investigator.
I'm beginning to believe that we've
been infiltrated by people on the
payroll across the street.
You know what I'm saying?
Okay.
I don't think it's possible
that anybody who had the best
interest of this radio station in
heart would, would put together
schedules like these and, and bombard
the, our transmitter with these
sounds nonstop.
It's just, uh, yeah, over and over.
It just can't pass.
Now nobody is that stupid.
Either that or being programmed by a
group of deaf people.
Which I'd like you to make.
You know how the deaf, they have
the hand language.
The size of the, I like you to give
them a message for me.
It only requires one finger
on each hand.
Okay.
Which one is same, the same one.
It's just, it's, it's beyond
descriptions.
It's kind of like that movie last
days.
And I think, I think there's
something appropriate about the
title of that movie in
regard to this whole deal too.
I think we're in the final days.
Comment as past noon.
New Orleans and Mississippi.
Yeah, they're in their final days.
Republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
I like the Google fishing inside
of the shower store.
It's tiny and I go
switching and slacker off the
wall.
I think over the
global.
I do
anything that my baby.
But I push
to small life.
I need anything.
It's far away.
I'm
Where they go shower.
It's just my way.
I like the golden shower.
And square, square, and square.
Taking the golden shower.
I like the golden shower.
I knew the pickled
down feeling before I
stuck to stroke.
I risked off my wee wee
with a pair of new pygros.
No, we love life more.
They see beautiful wetting water.
I want to see me use a screen.
When I pay myself a mile
I want to do a plan that I
expect.
When they go shower,
I smell a
great.
I like the golden shower.
It's
work's
great.
It's great.
It's great.
It's great.
Oh, right.
It's great.
So, 18 and 5, 60.
There is doofus.
Documents.
And therefore, I believe.
But it'll be put about the same old crap.
More woman trouble for bad boy Charlie Sheen.
Oh, no.
Hollywood actor Charlie Sheen,
already in a sticky divorce
of actress Denise Richards,
is being sued by a woman who claims he used her as a model
for the butt of jokes in his TV comedy.
Ursula Auburn claims and court documents
that the female stalker character rose
in the CBS Network TV comedy 2.5 Men.
Is based on her actions from when she dated Sheen,
first in 92, then occasionally up to 98.
In the show Rose has a one-night stand with Charlie Harper,
the character played by Sheen,
that constantly appears at the most unusual moments.
It's undeniable that Rose is based on Auburn.
And people watch the show.
I know Auburn can see the resemblance
according to suit filed in LA Superior Court.
It's also clear that the events based on Auburn's own
experiences as depicted through Rose
are clearly meant to serve as some warp and twisted joke
between Sheen and those who know Auburn.
Moreover, Rose is depicted on the show as a crazy female with no life,
except for stalking Harper every day
of her life reads a document.
I have no life.
During the relationship Auburn was always
the more it is to the two.
And in many ways, pursued Sheen reads the suit,
which calls for no less than $1 million in damages
for humiliation and emotional distress,
not that distress, but distress.
The case was filed less than a week after
former wife and ex-born girl,
which was 35, 10 to the worst documents,
that Sheen 40 threatened to kill her,
beat her, popped pills, elicited prostitutes,
and was obsessed with internet pornography during their marriage.
Sheen denied the charges,
but the judge ruled he must stay away from her
and their two young daughters.
Former Hollywood Brad Pack member,
Sheen is the son of West Wingstar Martin Sheen
and the brother of actor Emilio Estevez
who was in that was then.
And this is now,
who was also in the Breakfast Club,
which talked about a very slow and ponderous movie.
Right.
Oh.
Teen Enks.
Were they sat around and by the beep,
by the loop, by the about, by the beep,
it was boring.
Who else was in that?
Well, the judge Nelson Molly Reagan
in the Anthony Marshall.
Oh, do I hate him, man?
Oh, Judd Nelson.
Good.
Big nostrils.
Huh?
Big nostrils.
Yeah, the nose nose.
He's grotesque, uh-huh.
You'll hear my mouth.
I give up.
Oh, I give up.
Oh, my gold plum.
Okay.
Same nose.
I think you're anti-smetic.
No, I just don't like big noses.
There are a lot of Italians with big noses too.
I don't like a big shnaz.
5'6 7'05 60 and 5'60 and they've
arrived in singular wireless line.
Especially a big shnaz with huge open nostrils
working like you actually see inside,
you know, all the way inside of those things.
Oh.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yeah.
What's up, everybody?
Kakamun.
Kakamun.
Yeah.
Kakamun.
Yeah, we already got our own.
5'6 7'05 60 and we're still waiting to hear about
the good stuff in downtown Miami.
It's not a good stuff right here in the studio.
So we're only weaver once.
John's in the building.
Oh, you got the melting point.
Oh, yeah.
We're melting it now, jealous.
I'm just going to jump into the pot.
One of the few moments I actually wish that we're there
just for a short period of time.
Now, what are you dipping?
We got the cheese dipping going on.
We're not dipping yet.
We're still heating it up.
My mouth.
So melting it down.
Hey, anybody else that never had fun do?
Because the first time I went there,
I'd never had fun, dude.
I knew where the hell I was in for.
But I thought I had had fun, dude.
How's that?
For a real good tweet, man, when you get that stuff.
And you just sit there and you want the thing about it is,
though, you don't want to stop eating it.
Because it's still good.
I've been to people's houses where they
thought that they were doing fun, dude.
Yeah, but you really haven't had it until you've gone there.
Correct.
Well, enjoy it.
Okay, just don't hold on to that chocolate.
Does it bring the desserts, too?
I'm sure.
I think, though, it's just the cheese that's all I asked for.
Oh, well, that's good.
And I'm just going to dive into it.
Because the desserts, when you start dipping all them fruits in there,
like the chunks of pineapple and cherries and strawberries,
boy, you get that fruity feeling.
WDQAM, hello.
Any meal?
Yes, sir.
Going on.
What you have to do is take those fries and dip them into some
wood boogers and snot.
Yeah, okay, good.
WDQAM, hello.
Hello.
Hello, Leo.
Yes, sir.
How you been?
Okay.
I have a call for you for about 30 weeks or so.
You're going to notice on a sports show, but are you enjoying this hockey playoffs?
I'm sorry.
I am.
That's the best hockey playoffs I have.
I hope you enjoyed it.
Okay, I'm going to the time.
It's 12, not even 12.30 in the bag.
Oh, yeah.
I have a fly on.
I have a back fan crab.
I have a fly on.
We don't discuss hockey on this radio station.
Okay, the station broadcast in South Florida where hockey is a foreign
thing.
It's an alien thing.
It's an illegal alien.
Right.
Now if it was an alien thing, if alien was a hockey player,
we could talk it from now till the cows come home or now till the sheep come home
and broke ass mounting.
WDQAM, hello.
Want to say hi to my girlfriend?
WDQAM, hello.
Second Friday, going to be CCO Day Crafter Helmings.
Somebody QAM, hello.
You say?
Hello, I am.
You say?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hi, this is, I'm talking about the movies.
Right.
Now what's in the area?
What do you want now?
You're looking at Donnie Downers or something?
What do you pop in?
Let me tell you this.
I've got that radio.
Yeah.
Oh, he's got the radio jammed way up his, uh,
rectum.
Wow.
So, you know, these, these are the people who have proposed it.
That facts on Wednesday and then of course I look on the poll and it's just to be contrary.
It's like the people will say, oh, kneels out of touch.
Yeah, I put those on there just because I know there are a lot of you just waiting to
do your gratuitous crap, you know.
You're out of touch, kneel 44.
So you don't have to put that on there, but it's a roosting place for that crowd.
That 4%, it's always that same 4%.
You're out of touch, you're full of crap, your taste is in your toys.
You don't know what you're talking about, your show sucks.
George is an idiot.
Josh is doing Zach.
Oh, you know, all the same old crap.
Like a bunch of overgrown children kind of like the
atricket that's running our radio station, overgrown children.
That was very emotional when the beast closed out that abortion we had.
I mean, that great show we had for Hank this morning.
The dolphin digest draft preview.
That was, yeah, did you weep?
Oh, I'm weepin' a lot lately when I hear stuff on that station.
And of course, the tuba saxonone.
WQAM, hello.
Go on.
WQAM.
Well, me up.
Yeah.
QAM, hello.
Neil, how are you?
Okay.
Neil, I'm going to spend a week at the end of the sub-canter.
I'm going to do Toronto, but I want to go to Niagara Falls.
Should I say the falls or should I say Toronto?
I say yes, stay in hell out of here.
Got enough of a trouble already.
5670560, pound 560.
I'm going to Amsterdam.
Is there a good McDonald's there I can eat at?
You know, you're just, you people are so hopeless.
And the best part of it, of course, this guy,
closest he's going to come to Canada is going to be sweet water.
Just talking crap.
But we ought to just rename the show, talking crap.
Because that's basically, I think that's a good name for the show.
What do you guys talk about?
Right.
Right.
While we can say it anyway.
Four hours every day, while we can still say crap.
With choices, let me say it again.
Norma can't you're off my list.
Just don't ever call here again.
I don't want to know you.
I don't want to smell you.
I don't want to hear your stories.
You call them today.
Because I haven't got any email that supposedly
was going to talk to your buddy, Clara Bell,
about your dealets still in limbo.
You know, they're doing the limbo rock.
He hasn't been to the last time.
I mean, why would you call somebody who you know is enjoying their life,
especially if you know they're a little bit out of the weather?
You're just because misery loves company, I guess.
That's the South Florida motto.
And all of these stories, all of us about this one and that one
and the unmancible one, I really don't care.
I have no interest, you know.
In fact, I think there's some kind of a morbid enjoyment there.
And at whole, you know, I'm talking about that whole,
oh, madness that goes on.
It's like, oh, yeah, you know, sometimes people feed off of it.
It's like, it's you feel alive.
Yeah, that's right.
Something to sink your teeth into it like a catch about.
Don't catch somebody else.
Normally, get out of my life.
You're just driving me crazy.
Go watch a ballgame.
Go see the Rockies tonight.
We just go to the Rockies.
Oh, it's hard to stand off and it's peacefully at the
a courthouse in somewhere.
Was that a little rock?
I think it was in the little rock.
And then they took it off the screen and put that
bitch Mrs. Limbaugh on her full screen.
Bitch, thanks for the warning.
Speaking of good food, man, the animal coast isn't a-
I can't, baby.
For the first time on television,
Rosie O'Donnell stars as a retard in writing on the bus with my sister
to the subway where I baked for change.
All right, are you commuters?
I'm a retried over here.
From what you can in the box.
You ain't no retried?
Why are you sure I am?
Well, I'm like, uh, you got, I get a load of this.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
I've been standing here for seven years.
Have medications don't work.
When I grow up, I'm gonna look just like Jackie Pleasant
and people forget who I am.
It's a black eye of Phil Mayat.
Rosie O'Donnell, I look proud.
I'm resorted.
See?
Oh, wow.
You ain't no retried.
In writing on the bus with my sister to the subway where I
baked for change.
You think I'm look?
I'm very shy, Bob.
Just like the feeding tube.
Well, uh, I'm gonna have an eye on that.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, that's it.
Uh, by the way, speaking of that bitch.
Yeah.
Remember what I said before, I'm just checking something here on the end.
That's right.
So just to take a quick time.
Passion of the Christ music here?
Oh.
I think you're at.
No, that's okay.
I always got that.
I think you're at.
Rosie O'Donnell named New Co.
A few co-hosts.
See, I don't know.
I wouldn't want to say that show.
It's a show for women.
Really?
I thought that was just a rumor you were sharing.
That's actually been a done deal now.
What do you mean by that?
Why would I say that to you?
No, when you were saying that the first time,
I thought it was just a rumor.
It's the tool, man.
It's the tool.
Oh.
They can see that we had a vacation from that cow for a long period of time.
And she who, she is everything that America hates about gay people.
That's her.
She is everything that we despise.
Well, I guess not that start, Joe.
I don't know about all that weight.
Pushie, yeah.
Let's be honest.
Fat pushy bull dikes.
That's her.
After his access Hollywood is loaded,
Rosie O'Donnell will be named as the newest co-host of the view
replacing the exiting Meredith Vieira.
Maybe she'll reportedly make the official announcement today.
Well, I guess that we did.
O'Donnell replaced Vera, who's living to replace the departing Katie correct at NBC's today,
who's living to replace old funny, dirty Bob Shefer on the CBS evening news.
NBC chose Vera over several internal candidates, including Weekend Today,
off the anchor Campbell Brown.
Newswoman Natalie Morales and today newsreader Ann Curry.
Brown and Morales had suffered a corp on today while she was undercooked at the
end of last month.
Meredith's vast experience as an award-winning Uron List as well as talk show host,
make her the ideal candidate for this job said Jeff Zucker, CEO of the NBC Universal
Television Group, Group Group.
So Rosie's going to be on the view with all those other great block cases like Boba,
Wawa and Star Jones,
else some other things to get out of there.
You have to have to have that one.
How do you get out for Star Jones and Rosie O'Donnell?
Well, I was starting to say Star Lost all that weight,
so I guess they have to have one token fat cow.
What I can always put to Christy Alley on there.
Betty Cheney, Cookie Doe.
1975 votes.
What's your take on Valentine Miami?
They're having a tree doctor in here.
Are you really?
What's strashy?
I'm going to lost control of it.
What's in the other room?
I'm a...
He's part of it in here with friends and he's watching me eat.
Nobody to eat at all.
Oh good.
Yeah, eat at all so he doesn't get any.
Ah, ah, ah, oh, for me!
They count these as a Ford 10, 464.
It sucks.
Don't go there downtown to 64.
No matter what the Tula Clark says, don't go downtown.
I bet you've got that, but you're busy eating now.
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da.
Huh, you got it?
I don't want to hear it.
It's really a boring song.
Very overrated song.
Down to boring.
There we go.
Here's Pet Clark.
Anybody ever Pet Clark?
Nice here, dude.
Kent.
Clark Kent, not Norma Kent.
You're done, Norma.
Bye bye.
No more cat or he's all on.
To that guy.
Did you get an email from Norma in regard to this phone conversation
he was having?
No.
No, you were dealing with one?
No.
That's him.
No, no, no, no, no.
With Clara Bell, negative.
Clara Bo?
No.
I'm just tired of the whole thing.
He makes everything into a big stimulus
and everything.
You know people like that.
Every little thing, every moderate thing.
He can be waiting to do a big mountain out of a mobile hill.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
Yeah, just go away.
Some people like to make the most of the situation.
Is that it?
To try to justify their pay, their keep.
Downtown is making a great comeback.
144.
We're still waiting for one call.
Just one.
To tell us how and why.
Never been there.
53.
Well, you don't know what you're missing.
It's become a tourist track.
47.
So a lot of overpriced crap as in tourist trap.
You're out of touch, Neil.
46.
4.2% I'm out of touch.
You're out of touch.
You're out of line and out of touch.
I hate this poll 35.
And it's paradise.
24.
2.2% of our audience.
Of our astute audience say it's paradise.
WD-2-Y-M.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
OK, sir.
Oh, I just want to say what kind of wrap in the face is it's $100 that the president is trying to get everybody.
It's public.
I believe it's public.
It's right.
It leaves me with this huge problem.
I can't figure out.
I want you to tank twice.
Yeah, I can't figure out.
Thanks, the president for these little little gas prices.
Yeah.
Thank you.
You know, so you never heard from that pumpkin.
You know, a study went into hiding after that call.
Yeah.
When I said, oh, thank you, Mr. President.
When they invaded Iraq, you know, like, oh, that was going to be the
reaction.
Yeah, huge.
Well, they never stuck the hose or the two.
They stuck the hose all right.
They gave it for the world of hose job, which is what the Bush people do best.
Oh, there's some of them.
Well, Shmate, look at that.
Please, first, some 1000 strong recruited from the city and led by a no nonsense
from a Iraqi army colonel police.
US soldier killed by roadside bomb in Iraq.
There's another one getting very close to what is it 2425.
I can't even keep track.
I think the next, it'll be 2400 very soon.
Right.
And the public is about a beep, about a boop,
but a boop, like that, you know.
Oh, a lot of our sighting go down to our Miami, you know.
That's the kind of stuff that they're into.
I'm out of touch.
Suit targets, Joliet, Diocese, priest.
Now, here's more propaganda.
You keep faxing to me.
You're being honest.
That's the SLA.
Chicago.
An Arizona man says in lawsuit file, the yesterday,
the two priest of the Roman Catholic diocese of Joliet sexually abused
at beginning when he was 11 years old in 1975.
11 sounds a little bit old for most of the fathers.
Once, 42-year-old Tim Greco says he was in a shower with Reverend Philip Dadeira
in the rectory of St. Pius, the 10th church in Lombard,
almost said St. Pius the X.
When the Reverend Richard Bennett walked in and discovered the priest of the boy,
naked together.
Oh my God.
Greco says Dadeira repeatedly abused him for more than a year and that Bennett molested him once.
Bennett is pastor of the Holy Spirit Church.
Can you feel that spirit?
Can you feel this?
In Naperville, Illinois, Dadeira was removed from the ministry by Joliet Bishop Joseph Imesh in 2002
and made reports that he sexually abused other boys.
Greco says he reported the incidents to the diocese in 2004 and recalls a phone conversation
he had with Imesh two years ago.
He said, what do you want from me?
Some counseling Greco said Thursday.
He asked me if I'd brought it upon myself or somehow encourage the priest to have sex with the
pre-few-reson boy.
Is that Greco or Greco?
Oh, I'm sorry.
A statement released by...
I think you're asked.
Okay.
A statement released by Thomas Kerber, a spokesman for the diocese,
that diocese notified the DuPage County States Attorney's Office in 2004
after receiving an allegation of sex abuse against Bennett that supposedly occurred
sometime in 1974-75.
Through his attorney, the accuser was invited to present his allegation to the
Joliet diocese and review committee or to provide additional information statements that
the attorney didn't respond to the invitation.
No further info from the accuser was provided.
Still, the review committee conducted an investigation to determine the allegation was
neither credible nor substantiated.
Since the time the review committee made its decision, there have been no new facts about
the alleged abuse of statements.
Should any significant new facts come to light, the committee will reconsider their previous decision.
The statement went on to say the review committee will be convened shortly to consider
the present situation.
For the time being, father Bennett will remain as pastor as the activities will be limited and
restricted.
No more hanky-panky with little boys for a little while.
A couple of months.
Fill a summertime.
And then the summertime you go out like swoon naked with the boys, you know.
Oh yeah.
Skinny little skinny dip in.
Greco is married and has two children.
He filed student-to-page county circuit court and is represented by attorneys Mark
Prolimator Chicago and Jeff Anderson of Minneapolis.
This is going to be the 13th pending lawsuit that accuses in measure and the
biases of negligence and allowing pre-stab unsupervised access to children who are
allegedly sexually abused.
I can't imagine that's a thing.
Can you?
No, I can't imagine.
And of course we all know.
This will factor in the church.
This is Neil Rogers, but third man is 5.16.Q.A.
Just two young youth boys.
Never meaning no harm.
A few subpoena in a strip have gotten trouble with us all.
Now they wish they weren't born.
Watching a curse.
I in her hills.
We'll prove they're innocent now where their lawyers probably will.
They can't wait to the courtroom now.
They had a little more corn than the campus allowments.
Well, just two young youth boys.
From the duplacross team.
Make sure got out of hand.
Now all over the land they got their face on TV.
More rosy news is what we need to where you just facts me about her.
Horing HBO and the information for Rosie's family crews.
I guess what Rosie.
He said that.
They don't like our kind Rosie in the Caribbean.
Fat people?
No, they don't mind fat people.
They just don't like gay people.
In the Bahamas.
In the Cayman Islands.
All of these places.
Anyway, she just, she just obnoxious.
Disgusting.
She likes some kind of a disease that the media have
foisted upon the rest of us.
Oh, here's some bad news.
Chevron Corporation number two US oil companies said today it's quarterly earnings rose
49% to $4 billion.
Topping Wall Street expectations and sparking a 2% rise in the stock.
So all you Chevron shareholders, your mama.
That's my comment to you, your mama.
So is Sox and Hell.
The results came as US consumer anger grows over high gas prices and big oil's
gushing profits yesterday.
As you know, the world's largest publicly created oil company Exxon.
Mobile reported $8.4 billion in earnings.
It's first biggest first quarter profit ever.
Record profits and record high prices.
Wow.
What a coincidence, huh?
Yeah, it's just that we're sure it's those auto emissions standards.
It's got to be bad.
Can't be that they're, can't be that they're raping the public.
And the Cayman must be just a coincidence that our president was a failed oil
company executive and that our vice president is up to his armpits and oil.
It is.
It's just a coincidence repair.
It's eight coincidence.
Just like it's a coincidence that Dom Rumsfeld had all that stock in bear,
which manufactured Cypher,
back when we had the big anthrax scare.
Always the conspiracy.
By the way, hi, and also not to mention, of course,
the camouflage stock that he's got.
And speaking of anthrax, how are we doing on catching those anthrax mavers?
Ever get those guys with any more people of interest?
No, never heard any more about that guy either, by the way.
All their hanging out with Osama, you know, as we can.
What's that?
And don't forget about Abu Moussaab, Al-Zar-Kawi, and Al-Zar-Kawi, and Al-Jolstein, and Al-Jolson.
And Osama, Mula-Vila Omar.
It's just pathetic.
116 votes are on there.
Of what your 145 said, you wouldn't believe.
I mean, mine is making a comeback.
You know what?
What?
They're right.
I don't believe it.
We haven't heard one person yet.
Not one.
It's almost 1 o'clock.
I have begged.
I've gotten on my hind legs and I have begged,
assiduously, to try to find somebody to tell us all the wonderful,
all the fantastic.
Maybe they just want to keep it to themselves.
Maybe they're selfish.
That could be.
It's a secret.
Don't tell anybody.
Maybe they gave us a new tin cups to the homeless people there on downtown.
I think they're zinc.
Maybe they like gold plated the exterior of the
communist house with all the money I raised for them.
56670560,
pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
I said a bit out sick all week.
You know, it's just dawned on me to show up.
But I'd like to learn.
Yeah, then you were out sick on Wednesday.
So I had no choice.
And Josh could have done the show.
Josh could have just, he could have just, uh, you know,
I don't know what could have eaten.
She's like, he could have eaten,
he could have eaten, fun, do, and played all day for,
been in comedy bits.
That's right.
Sounds like a show to me.
There you go.
That's coming on Monday, I think.
Just giving you advanced warning, George,
and I just might lay out.
I got a horse race.
I got to go cover.
Yeah.
I got to go score a bag.
There you go.
So it's all in Josh's hands.
Now he's got that new contract.
So did you check your email?
Do you got an email error from Roma can?
I checked for email.
And the answer is no.
No, I told you.
Can't get it done, man.
Can't get it all to be.
These are our, I don't want to hear about it.
I don't want to hear no more stories.
And as far as you don't ever,
let me just tell you right now.
Don't ever put that Clara Bell on on Mike again
before the show and the morning.
All right.
I'll wait till after.
I know.
Now we're after the show or at the other time.
I don't want to talk to it.
I don't want to hear from it.
It's just, uh, while he's still getting this heat wet,
what's that wet foot dry foot thing?
I think you ought to go on by some hip boots,
because it's getting pretty deep in here.
W-Q-A-N. Hello.
We sent Ricky Williams to Toronto.
Yeah, I see that.
The R-Gos, yeah.
Big deal.
We're going to send it back.
If I had some fine weed here, though, I'll say that.
That's probably why I wanted to come here.
Ricky Williams coming to the Argos.
Is that a done deal, Josh?
Or is that still in limbo?
I think it's still in limbo.
No.
Well, they don't want to come in here,
shopping up all the good weed.
Yeah, with that,
Ricky Williams in fact, he and I probably
be having a lot of lunches together.
W-Q-A-N. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
For those people that think that Miami's making a comeback,
how come there's a record amount of real estate
on the market right now?
It was in Wednesday's paper.
Yeah.
On the front page of the Sun Sentinel.
They've never seen this much real estate for sale.
And I have friends at real estate.
And they tell me that nothing's doing.
They're sitting around to get cocktails in the afternoon
because nobody's buying anything.
I'll be damned.
So if it's so great, why is everybody bailing?
Yeah, and if it's so great,
how come it's one o'clock almost?
And nobody is called in with one, you know, a story.
That isn't just, you know, people trying to,
they think that by talking about it,
they're going to make it happen, you know.
They're in the dream world.
No, there's 20,000 townhouses and homes for sale in Broward County.
Yeah.
My neighbor has this house for sale for a half a million.
You realize for somebody that buys that,
the taxes on that is 12,000 a year?
I mean, that's nothing to you.
But for slippers.
Well, what do you mean that's nothing to me?
12 grand a year is nothing to me.
I could have a couple of good days
that would buy them with that.
Can I go with you?
Have a great day, pal.
Bye.
See you.
I'll see you in a good machine, man.
I'll show you the good machine.
Yeah, I should have taken off today and gone out there.
I could have been sick at Woodbine.
Usually.
I just don't know.
They're just, it's so sad that some of these places
are really stealing from the public.
Can I just, you know, maybe tell me I'm crazy.
You're crazy.
And then I'm just fantasizing.
But I know, I know it.
I've played for a long time now, two years.
I'm not just talking about going to Vegas
and dealing around like I used to.
I'm talking about being a serious,
a slots player, which of course is silly.
You know, it's stupid.
But then again, a lot of things I do are stupid.
That's what most said.
But anybody that tells me that the progressive machines
aren't on computer timers, as far as I'm concerned,
is uninformed or a liar.
They can be whatever they want them to be.
Yeah, see with the chip.
Here's the deal.
I know this for a fact.
Because in many of the players and other regulators,
we discuss this all the time.
But we're so stupid.
When you're sitting there, you don't want to just sit
and look at your watch and just wait and wait and wait.
Or go take a leak and put a cup on a chair.
But you'll notice that since they are connected,
I find they did get them to admit that to me.
They progress, they're all connected.
That there'll be a period usually at the top of an hour.
Or sometimes like at 45 past the hour.
And all of a sudden for about five minutes,
the bells are ringing 400 over here.
A thousand over there.
Somebody gets five, a 1,500 on the line.
And that goes on for a few minutes.
And all of a sudden, you could hear a pin drop.
It's all the machines very, very quiet.
The point is drop in, nobody plop in, nobody, you know.
They're on timers.
And the reason that nobody can admit that is because first of all,
we'd have to kill them.
You know, they're all line about if I told you I'd have to kill you.
Right.
That's that deal.
Because if they're on timers, that means that they're perpetuating a fraud.
Because that means that there are periods of time when you're sticking your money in there,
when the machines are turned on slow cook or the coma mode,
when you haven't got any chance of getting any return when they're not going to pay,
they just aren't going to pay.
And I've sat through those periods of time and oh yeah, you'll get a spin on the wheel of fortune.
They say, hey, now that you have a spin, it'll be like 25 or 30, you know.
Almost every time during the coma mode.
So even if you do want to get a spin, it's squat.
I mean, that's going to like, you know, 40 seconds, spin it, squat.
Yeah, spin and squat.
So, yeah, and the one thing in my life, before they stick me in the ground,
I'd like, I know it's not going to happen here.
We can't even find anybody here to stick up for downtown mining rightfully so.
But find somebody who worked in a, and that just worked in the casino.
I mean, I know plenty of people work in the casino,
but I'm talking about who've had access to that computer room.
I'd say it's too bad that Fat Rich ain't still around because if there's one guy that could
weasel his fat body into that play, he's the guy that could do it.
He was a computer guy too.
He could have hacked into it.
That's right.
And I told you at one time, he then you got kicked out of Pop and O Park for life because of the fact
he sneaked in the computer room.
Oh, oh.
He's doing it here, Frat.
Yeah, he did.
Oh, I'm looking for the buffet.
Yeah, a little on the pushy side.
I know he would go into the kitchen more than once.
He went into the kitchen, I can leave that.
Yeah, well, he did.
Yeah, let's see how his onion soup was coming or whatever.
His food I dipped.
But yeah, he did actually wind up in the computer once upon a time.
And they frown on that.
That's, yeah, well, too many buttons and too much stuff.
But I'd like to get in the computer room at a slots place sometime.
Because, and let me say it again, in Fall's view, the reason that they approach me in the first
place is that once you stick your player card in there, they can see how much you're playing.
I mean, obviously, because it's telling off the points, you know, which is determined how much you put.
They can see who's playing $100 bills or just coming by and sticking to 20, you know.
And they approach me and she says, this is months ago, she said, oh, well, we see you're a
serious player. We'd like to invite you free rooms and take care of your mirror.
But yeah, we'd like to make your regular customer here.
Now, if they, if they can see how much you're playing, they can also see how much you're losing.
Right.
How much you're winning.
Right?
Yeah, it's science to that.
And if they have that kind of access to the machine, man, and I realized that the programs
you'd enter the factory and I know that they had the computer cards.
I've watched them change those things.
The brains in the computer.
I know exactly where they are in the right portion of the machine.
Uh-huh.
But, but if that, if that's the case and how, how is it that maybe they can't even control the individual machines?
I told you my story about Burton coming's that time, right?
I'm sitting there playing a machine man.
It was a better than in a mortuary.
And he and his young, and I don't know, is his daughter, his girl.
Yeah, yeah, it was his daughter.
Let's just say that.
Yeah, very young, very attractive.
But anyway, he's sitting next to me and she's sitting in the middle of the machine next to him.
And those two machines are going crazy, man.
Just paying like somebody opened up the spigot on the pre-way.
Just remember this.
You're gambling.
They're not.
Oh.
I see.
No, no, let me put it this way.
I'm losing my ass.
And like I told you, the saddest part of it is he was a real jerk.
Yeah.
I love his music, man, but he's a real bozo.
Well, he's from some mugwomp place out there like medicine head or somewhere.
From some, yeah.
What do you expect from him?
Radio hot springs.
Huh?
Radio hot springs, maybe.
No, he's from a rock place here.
You know, he's from a backwards kind of boy.
And he's great singer.
One of the great forces of all time.
And I didn't know who it was for sure.
And then it was only after I left it.
It finally dawned.
I mean, that was coming.
Because somebody told me they had seen them there a couple days before.
Winning and winning and winning.
There you go.
What a jerk.
Oh, look at that.
He got the.
And I told you, kept making it kind of in the girl.
I'm winning like crazy.
And I'm losing my ass.
And I get a spin on the wheel of fortune saying I get like 25.
Oh, look at that.
He's got no spin.
Well, they were winning your ass.
Yeah.
Like I said, big winnings.
Hey, speaking of Pompadopark, all your horse racing fans and poker players.
Pompadopark, racing and poker has got all the gambling action you could ever want.
And they'll also feature spinal casting of the Kentucky Derby.
They're one for the roses next Saturday, May 6th.
You don't have to waste any extra gas or gravity further than you have to.
And we're going to watch it plunge on the Kentucky Derby this year.
Pompadopark will feature early bird wagering on the Derby.
Next Friday, May 5th, starting at noon.
And then on Saturday, May 6th, you can watch it and wager on the Derby.
Plus the life to race the serum.
Churchill Downs.
Come be part of the crowd as they root home the winner of the first leg of the
triple crown.
Pompadopark will also have free pass performance pages for the Derby
field too for your free.
Located just a half a mile from both I-95 and the turnpike.
Pompadopark is easy to get to.
And best of all, offer you free admission in free general parking every
stink in day.
Live harness racing with great smoke free poker room.
Open every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
Poker room opens at noon.
In fact, they're going right now.
Goes on to midnight.
And live racing gets underway nightly.
Wednesday, Friday and Saturday like tonight.
7.25 p.m.
Go miss out on Dallar Night Wednesdays when draft beer,
sodas, hot dogs and more just a bucket piece starting at 6 in the
p.m.
Don't forget to come out Saturday, May 6th, the week from tomorrow to watch
and plunge your lungs on the Kentucky Derby at Pompadopark.
A blast out of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road.
Call 954-972-2000 for the current racing schedule or on the wicked web.
It's Pompadopark.com.
Oh, this is on.
This is not a tumor.
It's the ones of two hours.
Good, good day, it's a pronto.
Good, good day, it's a pronto.
I got a very lengthy email here from your close personal friend and
counselor Norman Kent.
OK.
If I had heard from Joe, you would have heard from me.
He says, in other words, he didn't hear from Joe Bell.
So in other words, sounds like Tera Bell.
He's once again not following through.
He says, I don't know if I want to read this whole thing or not.
Should I read the whole thing?
Oh, I don't think so.
He says, you know, it was not even George's that contacted me about
extending his contract.
It was you that had me do it for him, but I got it done with raises and
retroactive pay.
See, I'm trying to like get the two of you to like handle your deals.
Uh-huh.
That's what I'm trying to do.
But you know, you tell me one thing and he tells me the other.
And you keep telling me and I tend to believe you that he's not returning
your phone calls or your messages.
Isn't that what you told me?
The last one only left one last phone call, returning his phone call.
And he hasn't returned that.
So, right.
Bottom line is I have a new contract in place that he could sign,
but we agree to amend it to include a singular term more favorable to George
giving the full bonus in the summer book.
Yeah, here comes the best part.
See, and I don't retract anything I said because years ago,
this man did a lot of wonderful things for me and I appreciate that
him and he's been paid substantial amount.
The comments you're making about me are typically out of line and are
acceptable and inconsistent with the tedious and time consuming efforts I
retune the exhaust in your behalf through the company that doesn't fully
appreciate your worth to them.
And I might add to a company that if they listened to you in the first place,
wouldn't be in the battle that's in today.
Well, that part is correct, but they won't listen to me.
And we got a new guy that doesn't return your calls and that didn't call
for me at 10 o'clock this morning.
And it's just, uh, just leave me out, okay?
Leave me out.
I'm a daughtering old fag.
Okay, I'm an old man.
Leave me out.
See, you a norm, ought to be, uh, because I don't, I don't have any issues with them now.
I mean, the fact that the place is disintegrating around us.
I mean, as long as the text keeps showing up, what am I going to do about that?
Right?
Like even he says here, a company that if they would listen to you in the first
place wouldn't be in the battle of in today.
That is correct.
That is absolutely.
Absolutely correct.
Sure.
First, you insist I protest the QM when they screw you.
Then you bitch in moment, I communicate that frustration and cause controversy,
make waves or demand follow ups from them,
fighting tooth and nail for the simplest things.
Things we shouldn't have to fight for in the first place, like a studio that works.
I'm sorry, I frustrated you last night.
It's frustrating for me too.
He says it'll be nice to deal with people that try to accommodate
rather than antagonize their chief revenue source.
And then he says, no.
No, see if you'd save this material for your radio issue,
normally it might still be on like a real radio station,
but I don't think he ever was on a real earth.
Was he?
No.
No good deed goes unpunished.
Not a great line?
Yeah, I've never heard that before.
Not original, but amusing.
So I want you to, I'm not participating any further.
And interestingly enough, my phone was ringing during the break.
Yeah, at the same time, he would certainly know better
than to call me while I'm on here.
I'm sure that once he hears from Joe,
I'll hear from him or something or something.
Well, see, but then again, I don't get me in the middle of it.
I've went to bed for like I always do for you and Josh.
And I'm old, you know, even Babe Ruth,
when it got to be like old and daughtering,
what's going to bed anymore?
You know, I'm too old to go to bed.
Yeah, we're not using a walker yet.
In fact, I've read the go to bed and go to bed.
First of the way, I feel this way.
So don't take it personally, or unless you want to,
but you get on my nerves, you know,
graduating.
And plus, you know, the comment you made to me,
let's air it right out here on the air today.
You didn't want to call him because then your fate is going to ask you for money.
Well, what do you expect he's going to do this for you for free?
For coupons.
You, well, would you like me to pay him for your,
doing your work too?
No, no, no, of course.
How about Josh?
He's getting that big raise.
How about Josh?
I've never bought you that big screen TV was supposed to buy with his raise.
I'm going to hit him up for that as soon as his deal's on.
Yeah, there you go.
No, no, it's the other way.
I thought you were buying George one.
That's right.
George is buying for you.
I'll twist it around now.
Well, see, I can't help it.
Joe Bell is picking up right where his predecessor left off.
He doesn't make the call he's supposed to make.
He avoids people.
He pouts and then he goes to Joyce like a little
to unnorms.
Send me a nasty email.
Well, I want you to demand an apartment.
I mean, like a child.
What kind of a general manager does that?
Calls up some bitch over there in Naples
and is whining that he got an a hostile email.
And then comes into you the other day and wants to know why norms got a bug up his ass.
If he wants to know why he's called norm,
wouldn't be the first time.
We call on him.
I'm not talking about the bug.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8,
0, 5, 6, 8, leave for Ryzen and Singular.
Why are this line?
I just this new regime we got, man.
These people are seeing you're not going to say it because now you're
way you're thinking you're right on the verge of getting this great new deal.
Yeah, all you did, you're always pitching about that norm adds things
in these deals of yours.
And you're the one you had a deal.
Retroactive, the diversity of norm did it on the kind of citizen's
hard work.
That was ass off.
And that would be the first time either.
What?
No, that other thing was me talking to Joe.
Yeah.
And so that means that they had like redo the contract.
He had the contract ready to rock and roll, ready to sign.
Retroactive pay January 1st, 2006.
Huge raise.
Well,
enough to buy two tanks of gas this year.
Yes.
Two to half.
And no, you start with this bonus crap.
Well, why don't you, you've got to stop deluding yourself.
Okay, you must be taking those delaudits.
Hey, we've only not made number one twice.
I got news for you, man.
We're going to be making a lot of number one and mostly a lot of number two.
Okay.
Very soon because if you haven't smelled, I mean, you were there in the building.
And I got to tell you from Toronto, I got to explain it to you.
I got to draw you a roadmap and a compass.
And explain to them to you the position that they've got us in.
We're on the Titanic and we're halfway down to the, for the ocean.
And you're talking to me about summer bonus money.
Bonus, my ass.
And it looks to me like somebody did.
Anyway, let's cut the crap.
Norman, Norman, Norman Elliott Kent.
We're like a diligently and very, by the way, it wasn't me that said the norm.
And if he wouldn't have made the phone call here last night and got me in the middle of it,
I wouldn't have ripped him on the year today.
And he said himself and he also says this thing I just read here
that he apologize for being a pain in the ass.
That was, of course, he doesn't mention any of the unmancipable stuff in here
because then I wouldn't have read it on the year since he's listening.
But I'm also getting tired to hear it about the unmancipable one and the unmancipable stuff.
I don't want to know from it.
Okay, leave me out of the loop.
I've been telling that for years now.
I don't care how many hysterical letters get written, how much crap gets back.
I don't care.
Not of any interest to me, okay?
I'm not going to spend the rest of my life dealing with
fending off or farting around with crazy people.
I'm just not going to do it.
Ain't going to happen.
And if that's your idea of a good time, they go ahead and do it.
Norman, go ahead and do it for those grave robbers.
First of all, I have no idea why he's always a,
I see these lawyers, man.
Him and Joyce.
It's a lawyer thing and they're like having a cat fight now, the two of them.
Let's try and figure out Kenneth Smasmacho, that's the whole deal with those two.
It's a lawyer thing, 1142 votes.
Man, I can barely speak, and I get a hostile email like that from your attorney.
Well, why was your laughing at that?
I just cleared up because it wasn't me that was saying that he had stuff.
They had you.
You just, you just, you just...
Listen, stop, stop, let me get to the end of the sentence.
You were the one that said he had all kinds of stuff in there.
Listen.
You just were even getting it back and he complicate it.
How much of you paid this guy, okay? It was great. I got a very flamboyant
tag lifestyle. He doesn't like to live and you're supposed to be subsidizing, okay?
That's his name. Why can't I get to the end of the sentence? It was the kind of
Greg, the kind of poultry money I'm making here. I'm supposed to subsidize it in the whole world here. It was Greg who said that
Norm was always doing that.
Greg can watch what I said. How do you like that? So Norma,
Greg can go back to Brokeass mounting there, okay? And have a great time. Greg was always complaining that Norma kept
to making changes after he was able to read down.
Yeah, Greg also worked with kids like meetings because he didn't like the tone of the show, okay?
Right.
So I didn't say that it was...
Well Greg didn't sleep with the fishes as far as I'm concerned.
He's a crap.
Fony baloney, sack of lying garbage.
There's better stuff in dumpsters from coast to coast in Greg.
Believe me, that's the nicest thing I can say.
Oh, Mr. Reed has canceled the meeting day because he didn't like the tone of Neil's show.
Oh, brother, you people need to grow up. Make up your mind. Is it a hobby or is it a business?
Is it a family hobby for the clan from Aintry? Is that what it is? It's a Bobby.
Yeah. I really think it is. This is a campy of business. It's got to be a hobby.
Although hobbies are usually fun.
And what they're doing, man, take a look at that schedule.
Speaking of people at Buggy,
if you think you have termites in your home, then call our good friends at Riddett Pest Control.
They for a free termite inspection.
Riddett Pest Control uses an amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and termites on a percent on contact.
I'm ready to have him shmurred on me right now the way I feel.
They're gone. The termites that is are gone faster than you can say.
George is a pain in the ass. Boy, Norma's really pissed off at you.
All right. Nice night. Pissed off at me.
We put... We don't care, okay? He does it to radio show if anyone does.
No, he doesn't. No, he doesn't. He's very offended and bitterly...
Just a bitter queen.
And remember what they said in the voice in the band. Remember that one line?
Where the hostile fag.
If you have termites, this is the best possible way to get rid of them.
You don't have to tense your home. No worrying about poise in his gas.
No moving out of hotel stays. No worrying about food or pets in your health.
Because they had Riddett...
Well, I'll take it. We could use Riddett the Q&A.
Not just for termites, but boy, we could use them to get rid of some real crack.
They treat your home with this amazing orange oil. You don't have to leave it all.
Like I said, no tending. No looking like a clown.
In fact, when they're done treating your property, they leave behind as the clean set of oranges for just a few days.
So if you do have a termite problem, call Riddett Pest Control right now,
and find out about this amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and their eggs 100% on contract.
I feel like I'm at death's door. I'm sitting here laughing.
Go tending. No BS. No kidding. Call right now for free termite inspection.
1-800-447-4348.
Be sure and tell them the Todd Dreck.
Code it to call 1-800-447-448.
On the west coast, 1-800-447-4348.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5-16-Q-A-N.
Bath.
Neil Rogers. All right.
Coming up tonight, on inside to behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
They came by their name rightly. They were the cult.
The cult was led by Ian Asperi.
Oh, Ian couldn't make it. But I'm a cult representative.
Would you like to take a free test of your personality?
Well, hold on.
Just 500 questions. It will only take you three hours.
I don't think so.
Do you ever feel like you might like to be healthier or make more money?
Oh, come on. He was never thought of that.
I see. So you're satisfied with life.
Oh, and there's a film presentation?
No. I don't want to...
Welcome to the Church of Asperi.
Take control of your life by doing exactly what we say.
And giving us as much of your money as you possibly can.
I'm out of here.
We have a runner.
We have a runner.
The cult. Run away.
Run away.
It's a big churchy subway west like a show business.
Run away. Run away.
I'm ready. I'm ready to run out to go right now.
I may leave home.
1.18 to cue. I'm... Fight your own battles this weekend.
Call up that queen. Would you please?
Okay.
What?
I already called him. I'm waiting for him to call me.
What I'm trying to say is, you guys work this a lot together.
You need not be involved.
I'm not going to get involved with anybody else's issue.
I am not involved.
We can't date the call.
Anyone else has any plans?
I was talking to that and just finally a comment he made in the first place.
And let me tell you that I don't wanna to do it.
I need to carry on the whole hour about this, but let me tell you the reason
I had to call him in the first place.
Yeah?
And that is because I had an unsolicited call from Clara Bell from your new general manager.
I don't think he seems to understand.
I have no reason to communicate with him because nothing ever happens anyway.
One of those, hey, how you doing.
And you still like me, huh, one of those deals.
And I explained to him the fact that both Josh and you
hadn't been taken care of as he had promised me months ago,
right?
And that that was the one issue I wish he would address.
And oh, well, that's all my fault that I have got around
to it.
And that was at a Monday.
Well, it got to be the end of the week.
And I had been asking both of you.
And nothing was communicated.
Nothing was being said.
Nothing was being done.
And it became obvious to me that once again, we had a go call
on poor Norma, who already has gone through a gigantic tumor
with a heavy room, removed from his ovities,
you recall, years ago with a gigantic cancerous tumor
because of all the stress and grief from this business.
You follow what I'm saying?
Right.
No, that's the reason I got this.
I stuck my nose in there because I realized
that if I didn't call him to get after these fabricators,
then nothing was going to happen.
When somebody tells me, oh, it's my fault,
and I haven't got him on it.
And the days just go by and by, and if assured me,
oh, we're going to get right on to it.
And this is another guy.
It's just a face man.
OK, he talks a good game.
He doesn't want to do anything.
And then there were certain other events that took place
that all of a sudden got them like a shot in the ass.
And all of a sudden, hey, let's do this.
There's certain other things.
And just like Norma says, those certain other things
wouldn't be taking place if anybody there would ever listen
to me and they don't.
And you hear them time and time again like clearance.
Well, what do you do?
And don't ask me anymore because you won't listen anyway.
What do you know anyway?
I know nothing.
And that's the one thing.
Other than the crappy words that they treat people,
I resent that more about this company than anything else,
nobody can tell them anything, nothing.
That was one of the great things about Dick Cash,
for a man, I got to bring him up again
is because if he were successful,
and he knew he were good at what you did, he would listen to you.
And he would take me to lunch and pick my brain
and ask questions.
And he would go ahead and follow through my suggestions.
Sometimes, yes, sometimes no, but at least he would listen.
These people won't listen.
And so they're stewing in the juices of their own mistakes
and their own failures.
And you know, it's just amazing to me that even with his arrogance,
the Greg Reed, you tell me, you ran into him in the hall
and he's telling me about, I should see the end of that movie again.
And the fact that he has left this mess,
it would be like if you went to a neighbor's house
and he had wild diarrhea and left about 40 gallons
all over their house and he had the nerve to show up again.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
He's left this unaccountable mess behind,
that even Einstein would never have the idea
of how to fix this thing.
And he still has the Kutspa to swagger around the building,
talking small frog with people.
He doesn't have a lot of Kutspa.
Yeah.
There's the chigger at Woodpile right there
is Gregory Benjamin Reed or whatever the hell's name is.
God.
And this poor Shlubba got in there now
who had no idea what he was getting into.
What the hell's he going to do about it?
He's probably hiding under his desk right now,
calling up Joyce.
Oh, they're picking up me again Joyce.
You better send him a threatening letter.
And as far as Joyce is concerned, well,
I got news for you.
There's nothing you could say about that one.
And she's riding the ship.
And we like put in a Humphrey Bogart in charge of the ship.
Would it steal balls?
I can't.
Because it was strawberries and if I knew anyway.
US lobbyists last out of the Mexican Nothing Greengo campaign
time for Monday, May 1, to coincide with the day
with that immigrant's boycott of the USA.
You know, it already gets me.
What gets you besides all this crap
of this radio station?
Here are people who are not immigrants, not immigrants.
Illegal alien, right?
And they're going to go into streets and demand this
innovative demand that you might say, right?
Screw you.
Lawbreakers upon arrival.
Screw you.
Demand my ass.
That's a pretty big demand.
Yeah.
American Chamber of Commerce in Mexico
said organizers are risking a backlash
and foolishly targeting some of their best allies.
Since US corporations have actively
lobbied the US Congress for immigration reform,
including the legalization for many of the estimated
love remade in undocumented migrants.
And that's because US corporations want that cheap labor.
They're grave robbers, just like the beesleys.
Mexico is refusal to buy American
and they want to further polarize the debate
and make reform supporters seem anti-American
at the very moment that lobbyists are trying to persuade
lawmakes in Washington to pass a bill
that will benefit my Grints Warriors Larry Rubin,
the Chamber's president.
This is like shooting one stuff in the foot, Rubin says.
US companies have been the first to lobby launching
a huge lobby of immigration reform.
Why hurt something that's helping you?
Sound of the border.
Mexico, exactly.
Sound of the border, Mexicans are targeting American
stores and chain restaurants.
That means no Dunkin Donuts, no McDonald's,
Burger King, Starbucks, Sears, Crispy Creamer Wal-Mart,
reads one email, make it around.
But even activists are confused about which companies
are US owned.
Sears decided by the Boycott organizers
in spite of the fact that Sears Mexico stores
were bought by Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim in 1997.
I wonder if he was kind of slim pickens.
If you organize as mentioned, vips the chain
of ubiquitous Mexican donors
even though they're owned by Wal-Mart stores, ink.
Maybe they like the food and vips.
Quarter of Mexico's private sector jobs
and regular payer provided by US firms
according to the Chamber, including Wal-Mex,
the Mexican Wal-Mart subsidiary.
That's Mexico's biggest private employer
with 140,000 workers.
Anyway, they don't know all which side is up, you know?
Right.
But they're right and around the banding.
We want this and we want that.
Kind of like you, they're getting too demanding.
Too big for their bridges.
If I was you, I'd take that $10 a week raise.
I'd forget about that rating bonus.
I'd go in there now on Bended Knee
and I'd apologize.
It kissed a clear bell right on the Johorne.
Then, Carbell had a horn.
But two of them, actually.
1169 votes on a pool.
Well, they sure are sure degenerated
since that hostile email.
Beware the hostile fact.
Just remember that.
You ever saw that when we did you.
Boys in the band.
Very cool.
What boys in the band?
Yeah, I saw it.
Yeah, very damn morbid.
Mm-hmm.
A lot of those typical stereotypes, you know,
stereotypical queens.
But there are some very funny lines in there, you know?
Beware the hostile fag.
Now, why should you have second edimotion?
British music producer Adam Kidron says
that when he came up with the idea
of a Spanish language version of the US national anthem,
he saw it as an ode to the millions of immigrants
who have been seeking a better life.
But, oh.
Well, there's Pitbull.
There's a picture of Pitbull.
He's singing it.
He's hip hop in it.
But in the week since Kidron announced the song,
which features artists such as Wycliffe's John,
hip-hop star Pitbull, and Puerto Rican singers,
Carlos Ponce and Olga Tanon.
It's been the target of a fierce backlash.
Some internet bloggers and others are infuriated
by the thought of the star-spangled band
or some language other than English.
When the French accept people singing La Marseille
in English as son of French patriotism, of course not.
Said Mark Tercorian.
Well, you know something that business about the French.
How come in Montreal at the hockey games,
they sing O Canada half in English,
or about a third in English and two thirds in French,
those frogs?
Anyone know why?
Because they're militant, because they're militant
bastard frogs, that's why.
Visible.
Hopefully, Montreal loses the next three now.
Hope Carol nothing to be finer
than the seed and get beat by Carolina.
Discussing frogs.
The initial version of the Wastro Himno
or our anthem comes out today.
And uses lyric space closely on the English language
original said kid, Ronald heads the record label
urban box orifice.
Pro-immigration protests plan around a country
for Monday and the record labels urging Hispanic
radio station station mind to play the cut at 7 p.m. tonight
in a sign of solidarity.
Are we mixed to be released in June?
We'll contain several lines in English that condemn you.
We'll have less immigration laws, among them.
These kids have no parents, because all these mean laws.
Let's not start a war with all these hard workers.
They can't help but they were born.
Somehow that doesn't rhyme,
and they don't have a good beat to it.
Brianna Bevins of Hanford, California,
who writes for the immigration focused
web magazine, fedare.com, said,
the remixes, especially, I've said her,
it's very whiny.
If you want to say all those things by all means,
put them on your poster board,
but don't put them on the national anthem, she said.
Don't be whiny.
Eh.
Ow!
I'll forget Gellia too.
Kid Ronda, US resident for 16 years,
maintains the changes are fitting.
After all, he knows American immigrants borrow the melody
of the Star Spangled Banner from an old English drinking song.
He said the song will also be featured on the album,
so most Americanos, which will sell for 10 bucks,
with a dollar from each album going to the
National Capital Immigration Coalition.
Pitbull, whose real name is Armando Perez,
said this country was built by immigrants,
and the meaning of American dream is on that record.
It's a struggle of freedom opportunity.
Everything they're trying to shut down, as he said.
Well, guess what?
Immigrants, not illegal aliens.
Somebody draw you a picture and show you the difference.
Right.
Pitbull, my ass.
Oh, by the way, Josh is going to pitbull.
Yeah, but he doesn't sing very well.
I asked him if he had a dog, he said,
no, he's going to pitbull though.
Uh-oh.
My gun, we implicated an Olympic doping scandal.
Headers, that was set in September of 2002,
was exposed from track and field history
because of drug doping.
Uh-oh.
Sprinter Mary and Jones is his girlfriend,
and she, as you know, has been linked to the steroids
scandals surrounding Balco Labs.
So this just in to see an end, that Olympic,
former Olympic gold medalist, Tim Montgomery,
has been arrested in connection with a multi-million-dollar
drug bank fraud, bank fraud, and money laundering skills.
All right.
I can urge his Catholics to block out the Da Vinci Code movie,
huh?
Said it must be by the way off at Tom Hanks.
It's Friday, you bastards.
We don't want you to know the truth.
We've died, the clifters that you've had.
Now, your feet are chelous.
You'll put back to Texas, the job being in lion's fat
and crawl back inside your bodies.
And welcome.
You're the Jeffrey, oh, the sits fat.
All right.
That's right.
I'm going to play that right now.
Just gone, I mean, there's something in there.
It's OK.
It raised the flag with me, that they fact.
Yeah, I have to listen to it again, off the ear.
26.2, and of course, maybe Joyce will call in and say,
oh, you better, I'm sure you would, Joyce.
OK.
Talk to Joe.
Talk to all your other underlings over there.
Talk to Norma.
Don't bother with me.
And speaking of Norma, here's part two of his facts.
Is email.
Ready?
Ready.
Suck it up, because he's afraid now he's not going to get ant.
And let me just purpose this by saying that,
um, he don't sue you or him, I was going to take care of sending
him somebody to take care of your contract.
Oh, the good guy that I am.
You are a good guy.
That's sweet.
No, wasn't.
I saw the pitiful amount that they're going to increase your
salary after all these years.
And I thought to myself, well, he sure can't afford to be
taking part of that and sending that to that silly ass.
I don't even know.
All in the first place, because he would want to have some money
you thought.
But he says, I'm not taking it when you listen to this.
All right.
I'm not taking a fee from George for this.
I have a time.
I'm doing it because when Neil God asked me to do something,
I slapped the snap like Colonel Kling.
How is Bob Crayon anyway here?
Or he's still dead.
Besides, I'm perfectly satisfied with he subsidizing my
flampoint Fag lifestyle, send more money at once.
Stop.
Stop.
Fan Francisco was great this week.
And how many Fags though would have spent a week in watching
A's in Giants game?
Well, I'm sure a lot of them if they could have gotten a locker
room.
Although, what's his name?
Don't pay for the Giants anymore.
Jack Snow.
What tells his name?
Jack Snow.
J.T. Snow.
His name is Jack.
J.T. Snow.
Who's he play for now?
I thought he does play for the Giants.
Not anymore.
He doesn't.
Pretty sure.
And anyway, he's a little good little lawn in the tooth.
He don't look like he used to.
Says, I didn't even go to Castor Street.
I was at the normal convention.
Frankly, I can't remember too much after getting my prescription
for medical marijuana filled.
And no, I'm not pissed off.
It's a radio show, just a show.
I've always understood that.
And I'm available to do what if he need me to fill in for you.
He'll better.
No, we don't.
But if they want to go to you to fill in, yeah.
Well, that's Josh said there.
And go, little bit like the Norman Josh show.
The Norman Josh show.
And I think I don't think Josh wants to participate now.
Yeah?
Could be wrong about that, but I don't think so.
I think there's a better chance that Josh and Zach
will meet in downtown Miami at Bayside.
By the way, he's a red sock, but he hasn't played it all this year.
Who JT?
Poldia.
Nobody was in the spring training.
I've seen him.
That's how I knew he wasn't on a giant snowmow.
Golden glove first baseman, man.
JT snow.
He could, he's a pretty good hitter too.
Yeah, he's all right.
Well, what does that mean?
He, he, who's the first baseman for the Marlins?
Mike Jacobs.
Now, JT snow, he, no Mike Jacobs.
Well, that's like, you know,
it's like saying the norm can't know you when it comes to radio talk shows.
That's a little ridiculous.
See, now you're picking on Norma.
Man, he's going to send another guy.
I'm going to say it, you know, since he's listening.
Hey, thank you, Norm.
Thank you for what?
Well, he wasn't going to do it for you.
He was going to do it because I asked him to do it.
Not he couldn't give a crap less about you or all his effort.
Oh, whatever you're using.
Oh, my God.
I'm embarrassed by your behavior.
You are such a so easy.
It's all that hard-ass exterior that you like to portray.
And you are hard-ass exterior, man.
The usual hard-ass, big exterior.
Don't know what you're talking about.
You're a hard-ass.
Well, Marshmallow.
No, you're not.
Let's softy.
When George tells you, man, that's the MS.
When George's got an opinion, that's it.
Don't ask any other opinions because yours is the final definitive one.
Well, that's your unfagery, by the way.
That's true.
Probably not an expert on fabric, an expert on straightery.
Yeah, I don't think so.
Not since it had married this long.
I think you forgot.
I think you forgot about most of it.
Anyway, we're going to do over 1200 votes on the poll today.
I'm as incoherent as normal must have been out there after he got his medical marijuana.
And you shouldn't have said about your medical marijuana because you know that's probably going to get ridden up somewhere too, normal.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Shouldn't have said that.
Okay, now how are we doing on that downtown Miami stuff?
Let's take a look at the poll result.
You know, have you ever taken, um,
I'm trying to say my name of the drug.
Probably.
It's an antibiotic that just absolutely erythromycin.
Have you ever taken that?
No, no, no, different kinds of drugs.
Oh, brother.
No, no, I'm talking about, for an antibiotic erythromycin or erythromycin.
That is so strong that first of all, it feels like there's been a force fire in your intestines and your tongue.
It feels like somebody has scraped the taste buds from your tongue.
Well, I took one of these 11 clinic hours ago, like I told you.
And it's difficult at the time as I was having speaking before.
I feel like somebody has taken a surgical knife and scraped my tongue.
And I'm sure that they could have found some interesting DNA on this tongue, but that's beside the point.
By the way, can we thank Paul for the Uno de Mayo survival kitty drop by full of Pepsi and porn?
Really?
And cigarettes for some reason would try to understand but-
Thanks Paul.
Well, we're talking about faggots.
What's your take on downtown Miami? We have a lot of 194 votes.
Yeah, I feel like I got much more, didn't I?
Yeah.
It's hard to describe.
I don't know if you take strong antibiotics, they always do that.
Dave County is a foreign country, 521 people said that.
And they are happy to be-
I have no life.
Absolutely correct.
That's right.
It sucks downtown.
Don't go there.
282.
Unless you like homeless people.
They go down there in the-
I'm ready to take it to the cup to 92.
I'm sorry.
It's making a great comeback.
1509.
We didn't hear any of that.
They're four crap.
There isn't one person that we didn't even-
even if they didn't want to call.
They could have fasted it in and told us all the great stuff.
There's nothing.
Great comeback.
My ass.
1509.
Never been there.
57.
It's become a tourist trap.
Overpriced crap.
53.
You're out of touch, Neil 49.
Yeah, that's what you think.
I hate this full 38 and it's paradise.
25.
So many things.
Thank you, Cinco.
Thank you, Cinco.
But I'm almost 200 votes.
I think we got a whole new dimension to our audience now.
Fifth dimension?
No, no.
The real sadist.
You know, they're enjoying our discumpronent misery.
It's all I've never been to.
Oh, no.
But it would never was like this before.
I mean, before we knew what we had, but these people are just infuriating.
You know, when you got a guy in charge who can't get off the pot without-
you always has his cell phone in there.
Because he asked the call of joyous to find out which hand to wipe with, you know.
So unfortunately, in fact, maybe that's where he is now.
Maybe he's still in there.
Couldn't make that call to normal.
But you get in touch with Norma and you two girls, you-
you hash things out, you know.
I'm on involved.
I was more than willing.
I was going to send him an extra thousand for taking care of your deal.
And I still have a way to do it.
If he just stops calling me and stops bugging me with crap, okay.
You see, the one thing about life I've discovered is there are some people who aren't-
they're not satisfied if you're- if you're not complaining.
They- they want to- they want to be around the complain for you.
And so they conjure things up.
Yeah, it's not- it's not a positive thing.
That's what we do the cross over every morning.
It's a technical disaster.
It's embarrassing and humiliating.
But I wasn't- I wasn't calling anybody else about it.
I wasn't going to make any phone calls.
We're used to it by now.
It's a- if this- if the people that run this place don't care, why don't they be care?
Right? Right?
In other words, there- there is no such thing as a humiliation factor here because they-
they just don't care.
They don't give a crap.
And you got three little boys running around.
They're running this place like it's a- like it's a- like it's a kid not a high school.
Like it's a kindergarten radio station.
And we're supposed to worry about technical incompetence and hangs out over there in Tulsa.
And nobody can hear each other yesterday.
I mean, why should we worry about that when you take a look at the fantastic programming we got going?
Look at that. I did it again.
You got to be so worked up.
I knocked it in DCS under the-
I- I did it on purpose.
Under the audition line.
I did it on purpose.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is Neil Rogers.
Oh my god, this is a-
This is-
Oh my god, this is a-
This is a-
This is a-
Oh my god, this is a-
Oh my god, this is a-
Oh my god, this is a-
Oh my god, this is a-
Oh my god, this is a-
Oh my god, this is a-
Oh my god, this is a-
Oh my god, this is a-
Oh my god, this is a-
Oh my god, this is a-
Oh my god, this is a-
Oh my god, this is a-
Oh my god, this is a-
Oh my god, this is a-
Oh my god, this is a-
Oh my god, this is a-
Oh my god, this is a-
Oh my god, this is a-
Oh my god, this is a-
Oh my god, this is a-
See now I feel better.
I had my head wheeled it.
Eddie Tonic.
Oh my god, Eddie, we got Geldie coming up into a clock,
that'll really-
Oh my god, Eddie!
Bobie Poppin totes like crazy,
Mad Dogget, Hooters and the Pines,
at 4, Marlon's on Deck at 7,
I thought Marlon's host, the Colorado Rockies 735,
at the-
at the- at the stadium.
any interest and then any K after that baseball game
now Sean who sends us these polls which I appreciate his poll ideas but
he prefaces the polls suggestions by saying I only come to show for a few
minutes at lunchtime today you sounded a bit listless
yes you had no list
you know something any I'll tell you I was Sean
I think you were
well he came in late he didn't hear the explanation
I hope you didn't come down with something if so I hope you start to feel better
I've been fighting the flu all week long or whatever this is
I've been in that probably two or three days I should have called in sick
but I show up being the trooper that I am and Sean says he sounded a little bit listless
well guess what Sean screw you I think you're at
thanks for the poll ideas an idiot
probably ought to take a few calls here toward the end we got so sidetracked
with your damn contract and normally can't all this other internal and
infuriating stuff
we need somebody in here who's going to just you know just take the tiger by the
tail and say look if you want me to do this just cut the crap and I'm going to do it
my way you know
like price and I'm exactly like that song Greg play there it is farewell because
you didn't have the balls to say got canned so instead I did it my way plays a stupid song
typical egotistical thing you respect in to do go away Greg okay
quick tracking up the mess you made and I'll up and down the hallway
see that that would that would be the worst thing go and remember I said about
going to your neighbor's house
and messing up all over the house worst than that would be like stepping in it
and then tracking it all the way through the rest of the house that would be worse
and that's what he's doing now he's tracking it
w.a.m. hello
blend Turner that's the guy used to be great there to be great guy with a hair
lip. Q.a.m. you could be great what is it my favorite pole w.a.m. hello
hey Neil how you doing that okay I got a question about your little pole you know
when you put that out there you've got so much influence you put out the choices
you kind of lean towards one and everybody votes for it right what are you talking
about I lean it out that's what I mean it's 152 people say down how's making a great
comeback I did lean towards that one in general okay I'm what my question is
how come you don't have that kind of influence on management over there they
got to get this station squared away man the reception is horrible
they're talking over you that guy you're Cuban voices speak well
well that's been going on for two years they just throw oblivious you know
I don't understand what you can't tell that same influence man come on
they won't listen to me don't you understand here they will not listen to me
whatever I say they do the opposite I got to the heavy tunnel I get
right no I should charge can I just tell you one thing oh he's a good
nerd now I love he'll listen anyone rare the checks show up a day early now
because I've whipped them into shape on that and they clear the bank that that's
all I care about I'd like to care about more than that but when you work for
these people they make it very clear that if you care about more than that
you're a troublemaker you're stirring it up you know quit stirring it up as
you're always used to say stirring it up and then they just they don't aspire
to do anything professionally or to be day out to correct these problems and
technically we're disaster when embarrassment I know and it's and if you let
it get to you're going to want to get sick oh maybe that's what it is maybe
have to do disease because they will drag you down to another lower
how can about that so those people who are here who spent many years here and
the way that they are trying to be real players and real players in the
table need to get on the ball and start learning English and speaking the
English language especially the Pledge of Allegiance and seeing the
National Anthem I really I think the debates too serious to take it lightly and
you think in part it really is splintering what is at issue it's more than
clear it's not freedom of expression all you wet facts out there speaking English
okay could the craft star span first of all to craft the song to begin with
why that would anybody want to know in any language sing that craft right right
I was seeing something more like this
hey everybody you sell me
do you want to be on a sale today's not other than the principal pipe
when we mark out
I know they need six six loads
wow
wow
how was it
how was it
how was it
and I got what was the thought of doing
I was a skilled good thing I'm digging for
I did it on it
well the quiet on it was the point of the monitor you can see around here
look what you see
and we meet we meet
okay
wow you are making strong yeah I'm big on swung and then you I watch out
I'm like yeah you are baby
I'm not baby
I'm not
what do you ask
you wait that's nothing on me
wow
no I do it more
matter of fact right when the show ends you're just going to storm down a
pillar and pound on Joe Bell's door storm rhymes with nor
there you go and he's going well he's got the power of normal behind him or I'm going to take all this
porous go to behind you
and he's going to say the joke I think you ask
that's right don't forget it's the big QM NFL draft party tomorrow with the mad dog and
Joseph Gackey and the big
oh not the big rock saw at the
hooters and tempered pines tomorrow starting at 10 am
join us at hooters and tempered pines for the big QM NFL draft party
you have to be daft to miss the draft starting at 10 am presented by
Hynacan
