Tonight on Fox, lock up the bagels and cream cheese and prepare for a wild ride when Fox presents
Wings You the Tech, sponsored by the Committee to elect George W. Bush and by KFC, where you can get the new GOP bucket.
The GOP bucket is all white meat, right wings and only 29.95. Wings You the Tech. Tonight on Fox.
Maybe launch a couple missiles, dust up toward a place we know.
The name of Matt O'Fellah, whose first name begins with Hout.
There's one thing we all understay.
Valetado will be finished until we blow up Pakistan.
We could change some rounds forever with our tax and all our troops.
The special forces are so tired of jumping through them loose.
You'd go and need another plane.
That's the blue thing.
Let's cut out all the nonsense and we'll blow up Pakistan.
Let's set that for this scheduled weekend.
Now get an easy nuclear tank.
All right.
Why don't we stop pussy food and blow up Pakistan.
Hey, it's 10.02 at 5.60 WQAM Tuesday, August 15.
And the VITS just keep on coming.
They showed all these push leopards and levied on there going back to where their homes used to be.
Go go back there to where their homes used to be.
Yeah, I got that.
What's the point?
There used to be a lot of people alive who aren't anymore.
Anyway, here's Georgia's full result from yesterday.
Boy, I already just reached right over it.
I shot off that monitor.
But please, anybody might think I was going to take any calls today.
The answer is no.
That's kind of my summertime mentality.
All right.
Wasn't summertime time provocation?
Yeah.
Right.
It's not taking to be taken from that crowd.
Maybe take some route from that crowd.
Bye-bye.
I would say have a great life to those people, but of course their problem is they don't have one.
898 votes on Georgia's full yesterday.
What scares you the most?
Well, I sure voted for the right one, but then again so did just about everybody else.
This administration, the Bush crowd, the Neowrons, they put the Khan and Neocon, baby.
They put the Nazi in Neonazi.
This administration, 548, that 61% of all the votes.
Driving in South Florida, 64.
That was scary to hell out of me too, but I don't do that much.
No moe.
Terrorist 50.
R.
You know, that's a great line.
Are more people in America killed every year and die in accidents in bathtubs than killed by terrorists?
Well, it's killing something.
Let's start war on bathtubs.
That's a good idea.
In fact, you can kind of close up your bathtub with this queen and duct tape.
Terrorist 50.
Filling up my car 36.
That's a scary proposition.
Thanks again, Mr. President, for those low, very bargain-based gas prices.
Snakes on a plane 31.
Speaking in public.
I don't know where did that come from.
A lot of people are afraid to get up in front of people and make speeches.
Yeah.
Well, how many people in this audience you think it up and make speeches?
Not a lot, because they're scared to.
Well, evidently from the poll.
I'm going to the Dr. Adentist 28.
We're going to have pansies.
Getting homeowners insurance in Florida 26.
Seeing an EP-D-BT box in the bathroom 25.
The media 25.
Hurricane's 21.
Geaters didn't get any, and certainly the similes didn't even get a thought.
And the cable going out 14.
No comment.
Geaters.
No comment.
On Atlantis.
Oh, man.
Woo!
Anyway.
A sad note.
And thanks to all your buddy Miguel for passing this along.
From Melissa Chandler and family.
It says, do you know my friend is a big fan of yours?
And I also enjoyed your show especially during the hurricanes.
My friend said you've always mentioned Wayne Chandler in the channel,
a seven-whether man.
Well, I'm his daughter.
And I'm sad to say that he has passed away at the age of 65.
There was a small article in Saturday's Sun-Central Paper about him.
I've heard you always have nice things to say about my father and I thank you for that.
If you'd like to contact me to make sure that this is real and not some fake email,
I'm sure it's not.
And she's got her email and phone number, et cetera.
We had some problems with the hospitals that were taking care of him.
We would love your view.
Well, how it all is.
Yeah, don't come in the hospital.
You're expecting not to come out.
That's my suggestion to everybody.
Like Dick Shaft.
Remember Dick Shaft?
No.
You don't, but I bet you'd Josh does.
The sports guy?
Yeah, I remember.
He went in for like some minor skin surgery or some whatever was in the...
They killed him in the hospital.
Anyways, she says, I hope I didn't waste your time.
You certainly did not, Melissa.
I just heard you were a fan and my day was a fan of yours too.
I did not know that.
Thanks for listening and there's a service for my father's Saturday, August 19th.
And Fred Hunter is on task street.
And you're more than welcome to attend.
I won't be there, Melissa, but our condolences to the whole family.
And Wayne Chandler was a heck of a guy.
Yes, he was.
George was a big fan because he had a lot of fun.
And Wayne Chandler was doing the Sunday parties.
That's right.
Toby the robot.
What was he?
Toby the robot.
He made out of garbage can.
And he was also the channel 7 Weatherman, one of them for a long, long time.
Who was the other guy?
A Wayne Ferris was the news guy with a bad hair piece.
See, back in the day, I know it comes as a real shock to those of you who watch the local news now.
I wonder who the hell are these people?
I think it was the exception of maybe Tony Cigaretteau, who's a silly person anyway.
But it's exception to him and Dwight Lauderdale.
Nobody knows who these people are anymore.
I mean, once upon a time, you turn on, like in a real market, you know, you turn on the news on whichever channel you like.
And you could depend on seeing Ralph Redneck or Anne Bishop or, you know, or Wayne Chandler or Bob Weaver, right?
These people were like legendary.
They were there every day.
You grew up with these people.
Now it's like, pot, blah blah, I shouldn't have left that Don.
We know who he is, too.
That's about it.
And they just got a bunch of bimbo's on there talking about crap, you know, like the people of lesbian on and stuff like that.
And the Israeli port city of Haifa.
I still can't go over that lesbian on.
That to me.
And I wish I'd have taped it.
I just can't even imagine why she has that job.
Can you?
I mean, it really takes a rocket scientist to figure out why that's the chick.
His got that job.
By the way, Ariel Shiroan is there got something to say?
Oh, he's out.
He's in his last condition worsened yesterday.
And he's off-saurus.
That must be the Lord punishing him, you know, because God sometimes has bad aim.
He ain't still in charge, baby, if that A-hood Olmert, he's the murderer du jour.
He's the one that's busy killing people.
Anyway, the ceasefire is holding over there.
They're holding it.
And then, of course, maybe come Shavis then when they, you know, they can't hold cabinet meetings on Shavis,
because they're very religious, very firm, but they can still kill people on Shavis.
That's a good thing.
They can still drop lots of bombs and bomb convoys of people trying to get away from all the horror and nightmares.
But nevertheless.
So, Barry Jackass, this is the lead in for today's pool.
Oh, I got so much stuff today.
I don't have to stand till midnight.
Curtis Stevens in a two, Geltie at four.
Oh, my God.
I'm never going to learn our lesson or what.
Talk and heartball with a crow at seven o'clock.
And then the Marlins pre-games show at 9.35.
Curtis is out there on a west coast against the Red Hot Dodgers who won 16 to their last 17 games of Fuey 4.2 over to Marlins last night.
That drafts the Marlins back to eight games under 500 again.
Just what every time it looks like they're going to make a little bit of a move.
Is that two in a row not they lost?
Yes.
Out there on a west coast?
Or no.
No, that's one in a row.
Two at the end for two.
Two at the end for two.
Yes, they lost two at three.
No, because they just got through or cleaned up and pansy or washed in the nationals.
So you think of the other games against the pirates and the nationals they'd be okay.
Anyway, the Marlins said the Dodgers on a west coast at 10.10 tonight.
Then we got Mishma, I should five o'clock in the morning.
Anybody heard Mish on a year? Is he any good?
I shouldn't put it that way.
I bet him. He's a nice guy.
Do you see?
Does he belong on a year?
I don't know.
And then of course he's got a big O rock solid for the Humper who's on vacation this week.
In fact, I'm trying to figure out because I remember Hank went through that thing last time I was on.
He went through that whole long convoluted schedule about taking all those days off.
And then when he comes back on, it can't be gone out long.
Can't eat till the 28th because that's the day the new schedule starts.
I think that's the game plan.
So you won't hear the Humper in the morning anymore.
Oh, the big O rock solid.
So brush up on your esponial.
Anyway, Barry Jackass wrote, now this is last Wednesday hero.
If this isn't here, it is Tuesday. It's almost a week later.
But I'm sure knowing the way you do things, you probably just gave this a lick and a smear.
I looked at and smear it.
Did you? Yeah.
Twice.
Well, I mean, because I'm from the poll I'm taking today.
They don't know what the new QM schedule is going to be starting August 28th.
Correct.
We're trying to like promote it and just throw it out there for you.
And I made not a very big deal out of it.
Took that mini poll I told you about.
Yeah.
And talk about it maybe like an hour.
About a boot, about a beep.
No.
Well, Barry Jackass, who has, by the way, no idea that the spring radio ratings came out at all.
Or anything else positive that might be said about this radio station because we're not across the street.
We're not those guys.
Former dolphin linebacker, Kimba Bo camper said Tuesday night, this being the week you go tonight.
He has accepted an offer to join WQM's morning show.
Oh my God.
Bo camper, who has been a fill in host on the station, city was told he will work with former Y100 personality, Kenny Walker.
Who?
Bo camper will keep his job as sportscaster at Channel 4.
Beginning August 28th, writes a little Barry Rhymes with,
you ferry.
Morning host Hank Goldberg will shift to 4 to 7 pm.
Jim Madison will work 2 to 4 pm and then join Goldberg in the 4 to 5 hour.
So in other words, mad dogs 2 to 5 and Hank is 4 to 7.
And the 4 to 5 is the two working together.
Which was my idea about five years ago.
And then the clearance takes credit for that.
They still like for me.
That's okay.
It may not be, it may not be the best hour in South Florida radio, but it'll certainly be the most expensive.
I'll tell you that.
Am I right?
Yeah.
That's an expensive hour.
So as a result, there it is for you.
I just laid it out.
And now you can vote more, uh, better informed on our poll today.
Which is, here's my poll.
And we got 640 votes already.
I think we got a shot on the 1000.
Even Josh Curtis is enjoying his HDTV now.
I can't believe a little slipper like you's got HDTV.
Well, I just had the TV, you know, all they did was change out the box.
You know, I don't have to go buy a TV like you did.
Five bucks a month, man.
I sure hope you enjoyed that last check.
I hope you spend it wisely.
So I've had it for no way to do TV.
Yeah.
That's what I was so, I said to him, I said, how come a punk like you that's making like 50 cents an hour can afford HDTV?
Are you having a compatible TV?
It's five bucks a month.
Well, that was a good move.
Right?
And now you got the HDTV on there.
Let's hopefully your cables stay on.
What's your take on the announced the new QA lineup?
Is our poll question?
We got 640 votes on a weighted with 1000.
We'll do it easy.
I'm confident.
What is it?
249.
They don't know what it is.
What you do now, I just got through telling you.
So now I can vote with some, you know, with some meat behind your vote.
Right?
Right.
Bacon, I hope.
Who I just had my bacon, it was Daniel.
I'm having my sound.
He's doing well, they're great.
They're the best.
Are they there already?
Who is Kenny Walker?
75.
That was my vote because I just, I know he was on Y100.
And he worked with footy.
Yes, it was Kenny and footy the more.
For like, 800 years.
I sure, maybe he'll come on and tell you what an A-hole footy really is.
Maybe he'll tell you.
I doubt it.
Oh, why are they pretty tight?
I don't know.
You don't know what ever it does, you know?
No except us.
Right.
Who is Kenny Walker 77 now?
Big improvement, 67.
Well, I don't know how to take that.
Ha ha ha ha.
Oh, okay.
Well, that's good.
That's a positive sign.
I hate this poll 48.
Well, too bad.
What does this have to do with Fidel 44?
Kim but more camper is coma inducing 43.
I would certainly tend to agree with that.
A great guy, but coma inducing.
So if you want to sleep in late and don't worry about it,
you don't want to be jarred out of bed early in the morning with sounds like that.
That will be a jar you're right off the edge of the mattress.
Then be sure to start tuning in August 28th.
It's okay, 33.
What are they smoking over there?
About 30 men.
30 votes.
Well, I think when they did that lobotomy on Joe Belly,
they just took the whole brain right out.
Disaster 26.
26 people predicting a disaster and probably all of more across the street.
What does this have to do with Israel 17?
Good point.
And won't change a thing a dozen.
30 does not have 650 votes.
So that's our poll for today.
By the way, this whole thing with this terra plot blown up the planes.
You notice we went from the bloodbath in Iraq,
which is still going on.
We're just gonna never.
We went from that to the bloodbath in Lesbanon,
which the sea fire is holding.
They're holding it.
And then we went from that to the terror alert in Britain,
where they're just having a nervous breakdown.
And the airlines are foaming at the mouth,
which is the real reason why the bridge dropped it down a notch.
The terror warning, because British Air and Ryan Air and EasyJet
and some of the other day that we're having just a nervous breakdown,
because they're losing a crappler to money.
So as a result, well, it's not as bad as we thought,
although they're standing outside in the rain.
That was the good thing about my trip back from Amsterdam.
Security was very, very relaxed, shockingly so.
And we got back an hour early and thanked the Lord for that.
But I was going through England.
There's another good reason to stay out of England
beside the Silly-S pasty Brits.
10, 14 at 5, 60 WQM, in fact, if you go to Amsterdam,
you'll see more than you're a share of Silly-S pasty Brits,
the Thicknecks, and you don't need to go to England this year.
Here's some good news for you for all you pigs out there.
And that is that the Emerald Coast has brought lobster fresh back every Friday through Sunday.
The Emerald Coast, of course, be in the best Chinese buffet in all of South Florida.
They have three locations for you.
They're in sunrise, pepper pies, and sunny-als beach.
Over a hundred different items featured on the Emerald Coast buffet.
If you've got a big appetite, go in there and try them all.
In fact, probably good ideas to fast for like a week before you go in there.
And they're just pig-out.
Just shovel it all down your fat-puss.
They've got six delicious gourmet soups.
And then go for the New York State Cook World 3-Your Order,
juicy and delicious the way you love it.
Hand-carved primary. There's a sushi bar and all the traditional Asian dishes,
as well as a salad and a sea bar.
There's so much food you won't know what in a shoving your mouth next to the Emerald Coast.
And the dessert bar is spectacular during the weekend.
The weekends even more spectacular, or because the 40-inch chocolate fountain
will make your mouth water as you handip your strawberries and other fruits in there.
Your marshmallow's cheesecake and other decadent treats and loads of milk chocolate for dessert.
A perfect ending to a big pig-out. This isn't just a meal.
You know, you've got any restaurant for a meal. This is a real feast at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
And no headaches either because they don't use any MSG.
No cornstarchs. They cook all their goodies only with healthy cholesterol.
If we can all roll, which I've been telling you for about a hundred years.
So when your appetite really kicks up to a high degree when it gets to the red alert,
bring the whole family to the Emerald Coast called 954-572-3822.
Don't forget it every Friday through Sunday.
It's a lot of stuff, too, with the Emerald Coast.
954-572-3822.
This is a meal Roger.
What solid mix is 5.69 A.S.
Me on, God.
Roll out the barrel.
Out!
Expensive barrel of oil.
Hey, for the barrel.
And it will make your blood boil.
Fight me, you aeriths.
And then it's way too.
Now the time you put the barrel of a certain part of you.
Let me have one.
Show this oil barrel.
Right where the sun don't shine.
It's got us over a barrel.
Right, though, but we've got a new thing in mind.
We'll fill our own barrels.
With what we grow on our land.
You.
And we don't need your barrels.
You can all go down sand.
20 past 10 at 5.60.
Very well expressed if he asked me.
Here's an alarming story before I get into the meat of the matter.
I got something I'm going to read later on in this show.
Josh, must not it.
Does it take you like extra longer to read those stories?
I mean, it's not to read them, but I mean to put them on the website when they're like 8,000 pages long.
Well, naturally, yeah.
Well, you must have flipped out when you saw that story by Bill Christensen.
Former CIA analyst was like, I think you're reading the theories.
I beg your pardon.
It's like six pages.
Oh, I don't know if this is what goes on forever.
It's going to take me probably an hour to read it, but I'm going to do it anyway.
Former CIA analyst, stop it.
You're little in the theories about 9 and 11.
Point that's off a good.
That's going to be later on.
I'm saving that.
You know, how do you have to save the good stuff for later on?
Everybody wants the good stuff.
Just ask the credit winners.
A winner.
A poll conducted by what Bill's itself is the world's most visited Christian website indicates a surprising number of Christians.
Our addicted to pornography.
To the world's story.
And believe me, they like it raw.
The poll results indicate that 50% of all Christian men and 20% of all Christian women are addicted to pornography.
So Clay Jones found in prison of second glance ministries.
Oh, if at first you don't succeed, you have to second glance.
Sure.
And your hands.
It'll look better.
The group defines addicted as applied to pornography as used on an ongoing basis.
We are seeing an escalation to the problem in both men and women who regularly attend church said
the group of president of Christianek.com, the poll conducted at Christianek.com used a self-selected sample.
And is therefore not a scientific study.
Over 1,000 users responded to the survey.
Additionally, 60% of the women who answered the survey confessed having significant struggles with lust.
40% of well, maybe you guys can get their phone numbers.
I would love it.
40% of them are being involved in sexual sin in the past year.
No one is immunized against the vice grip clutches of sexual addictive behaviors reads a release issued by the site.
What's that site again?
Christia, that's Christ with an I-A-net.com.
Oh, I get it.
The people who struggle with a repeated pursuit of sexual gratification include church members, deacons, staff, and yes, even clergy.
I sure hope they don't include those Catholic priests in this too.
They have no passion, so it's okay.
Oh.
There have been dynamic paradigm shifts in the behavior of Christians over the last four years explaining Jones.
Technology has allowed pornography to flood the marketplace beyond a controllable level.
It's just everywhere.
Jones Ministry provides intervention programs for churches and individuals.
So a lot of Christians out there addicted to porn.
They better get involved.
What are they doing for hot wax on it?
Cock's Day Jones.
They give you waxy buildup.
They polish it, they wax it, and they shine it.
Here's a blood splashed editorial.
You ready for this?
I'm ready.
I like blood splashed.
Before I go into this, let me just tell you right now.
You see, if they really were concerned, I mean, they being governments, the powers that be all these grave robbers.
If they really were concerned about air safety?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, we already had Richard Reed, the shoe bomber, who if it weren't for the other passengers would have certainly blown up the plan and killed all those people.
They didn't check our shoes at all at the Skippel Airport names to them.
And my friend had in his bag.
And they kept announcing no liquids and flights to the US or the UK.
But other than that, you could do whatever you want.
You could like pour four gallons of avion in there if you wanted in your bag.
He had two packs of matches and a lighter.
And they didn't check our shoes.
You put those two together.
Does that tell you that they really care to set off a nuke?
Yeah, that's for sure.
It could have blown up the whole airport.
And the same.
Now, even the brits, you'll notice with all these restrictions about liquids.
Even the brits don't prohibit lighters.
Well, I guess maybe that's not true because you have to put your essentials in a plastic bag now.
But up until last Thursday, when this new heightened plot, when the Bush people forced them to release it before they wanted to.
Because it's good politics, the politics of fear.
At any rate, up until then, there was no restriction on lighters.
In fact, what's the deal now at US Airports?
And it still is.
Even though they can't have the liquids, you can pack three packs of matches and three lighters.
Well, you might need those.
And of course, that was prompted by the tobacco industry because the first thing that smokers want to do when they get off the plane,
wherever they're going, and they get out of the airport, and the open air is light up.
And God don't know, you have to have at least three packs because the first one might be defective.
And at least three lighters.
Sure.
So stop for about a half a second and think about that.
And that should tell you how really concerned they are about our safety in the air.
Just a bunch of bull crap.
And as far as the thing with the liquids before I did these stories that I read,
10 years ago, 1996 Ramsey, USF, tried to blow up the plane, lunatic, in the Philippines.
And what he did was he went into the tea room and he put some of the chemicals together.
And then he hid the explosive in the little bottle, whatever, under some four Japanese guys' seat, maybe the guy next to him or whatever.
And then the plane made an intermediate stop at which Ramsey, USF got off.
And then he got off the plane and he waited till the plane took off again.
And he hid his little twanger froggy.
And by the fool, poor Japanese guy got the killed and blew up right under the seat.
And did blow a hole in the bottom of the cabin, but other than that, it didn't do any other damage to the plane.
And the pilot was able to remember that?
Yes I did.
That's 10 years ago.
10 freaking years ago.
So there's no new, this is nothing new about using liquid explosives, all this crap that they're making people go through now.
But anyway, we'll get into that.
And give all kinds of stuff here, so it gets you all depressed and suicidal.
You know something?
Maybe that's a good idea.
Get yourself before they come and get you, you know?
Okay, because at least you have your way.
And that'll work on these to say my way.
Gotcha.
Right, through it the painless way or the painful way or whatever.
Just to do that Russian roulette with all the chambers loaded, with Maryland chambers loaded.
Oh, security I watched.
You can build machines that will read equipment properly.
You can put in procedures that are available.
San Francisco airport spokesman, like I said, for 10 years they've known about this crap and the liquid there.
Explosive of the Audi Audi.
But you know, it makes for good fear now.
The fear factor, it's not a TV show, it's a political reality.
And then of course another thing that we should mention right off the bat, which I'm sure you mentioned.
And I mentioned it last time I was on until we got cut off the last 15 minutes there.
Oh, look at that 7-11 on the pole.
We got 7-11, which you can go to Copenhagen and find one on every street corner.
But they don't have to spend a lot of time or energy or money recruiting the terrorists, whatever terrorist organization.
Because between Ajo to Ormert and the Israeli cabinet, the lunatics over there and George Bush,
they're doing all the recruiting that anybody could ever want for his blow off or al-Qaeda or for whatever.
Any terrorist organization do sure.
They're recruiting them like crazy.
27 past 10 at QAM.
This is Neil Rajan.
I'm dying out of here.
This is 5.69 AF.
Yeah.
Tired of the same old vacation, then come aboard for the thrills, spills and near death excitement of Cardage Cruise Line.
Who needs shuffleboard when you can have a grand piano sliding right at you?
Ha, miss me. That was awesome.
We'll turn the ship upside down to make your trip unforgettable.
This young passenger of CCC's captain grabs a railing, grappa-travel means I call this move that Poseidon runs.
One more time! One more time!
Cardage Cruise Line is features the only all you can dodge buffet on the high sea.
They're great!
Tapping dish!
Oy scoopshap!
Get in!
Call your travel agents and book a Cardage Cruise today.
And coming soon, Cardage presents the Bay Root evacuation holiday.
And coming!
10.43 at 5.60 WQ at my new hero Keith Obermann.
I've been telling you about him for a long time.
Yes, you have.
He had a show last night at MSNBC.
He's on 8.9 PM, by the way, countdown.
And we're so good that it just made my spine quiver.
Sorry, miss.
You would have quivered.
Even Robin Quivered.
I'm telling you right now, it was great.
And from 8.38.45, he documented.
He went down a whole list of all these terror alerts that have taken place during the Bush regime.
And about the strange coincidences of the timing of all these terror alerts.
Every time things were going really badly for the Bushmaster, which is most of the time,
all of a sudden we have another terror alert.
Like the near-or-somebody one, which they said, oh yeah, what is nothing to that?
It's all BS. But nevertheless, federal government said, well, we better have a press conference about this.
722 votes on the poll.
What's your take on the announced QM lineup?
And now that you folks know what it is, what is it?
277?
See, they're still voting for what is it?
Well, I'm not going to keep repeating it every five seconds, okay?
We just told you what it is.
It starts August 28th.
Who is Kenny Walker, 85?
Well, I guess you'll have to tune in and find out.
Now, has anybody there heard him on the air?
I haven't doubted.
I have for like a second.
And he's good.
I think.
I met him the other day, too.
He's a good guy.
Good guy?
Yeah.
So, you know who we are?
Yeah, he took a tour of the studios.
Oh, and he's still coming to work there?
Wow.
Must be desperate.
Who is Kenny Walker, 86?
Big improvement, 76.
That's what we like here.
Let's go up that morning number, man.
It won't take much.
It won't take much when you're starting from it.
Let's see.
Here's one that says, I would like to vote on the poll.
But I don't know.
Well, keep that.
Okay.
I don't know what it is.
I just started the show.
I told you what it is.
Okay.
You idiot.
I'm not going through it again.
I'll tell you next hour again.
Kimba Bo Campyress, Koma inducing 52, well, there is no doubt about that.
I hate this poll 51.
What does this have to do with Fidel 49?
He ain't looking too well, Fidel.
He ain't looking too swell.
No.
He looked up at Hugo Chavez and said,
I'm dying over here.
That's all I'd like to make sure is I'm holding hands.
But all my dancing in the streets has subsided for the time being,
George told me down there, so until he actually croaks.
Well, you see the story about Raul and the fact that they were going to have,
he's a cocaine guy.
Raul.
Who?
Which one?
Fidel's brother.
Oh, that Raul.
The leader in the temporary leader of your country, man.
The substitute.
Right.
Yeah, my substitute substitute.
He was, they were going to indict him on cocaine charges.
He's in the business.
Anyway, it's okay.
The new line up.
It's okay.
37.
What are they smoke it over there?
31.
Ask Raul.
He'll tell you.
Disaster 27.
Well, that's wishful thinking by Joel Feinberg and Acrado losers across the street.
Who have a minus in front of their numbers now.
Nice book there and that spring book guy is just beautiful.
Won't change the thing 21 and that's bad.
It better change something.
And what does this have to do with Israel 17?
Oi!
I still say just, I couldn't stop thinking about that.
Well, I mean, I was thinking about all of this stuff because when I was in Amsterdam,
you know, I'm watching, all I could watch was BBC and CNN International for eight days.
Because there's nothing else in English.
Unless you want to watch a silly, euro-sports.
And the sports that they got on there, what kind of sports are those?
Sudo sports.
But nevertheless, so I kept wondering how come it is that they're on the Virgin of the ceasefire,
which could have been called right away.
It should have been, but the Bush people said, oh no, we're going to send you all those weapons
and those bunker-buster bombs and you guys are a-
Buster bombs.
Right.
And you do what as much as you can because this is kind of our warm-up for when we go into Iran.
I ran.
But nevertheless.
And they said, oh, well, we can't ratify the ceasefire,
which everybody else was talking about ratifying Thursday night when they finally brithlessly
at the UN stayed there for a cup of coffee in and-
and-
and the US side on and France side on and the lesbian East side on and even his velocity.
They all stopped even all their rockets.
And he's really said, well, we're going to have a cabinet meeting on Sunday.
Why on a Sunday?
Well, because Friday night they couldn't vote on it because it was Shabbos, man.
It's the Jewish Sabbath Friday night and Saturday.
So the message is that we can't have a cabinet meeting and decide to have a ceasefire
and bring peace on a Sabbath, but we can keep killing people and dropping bombs
in the destroy in your country and the love it loves been on on a weekend.
That must be in the Tomwood somewhere, don't you think?
I'll look it up.
Yeah, look it up.
Google it.
If you can't see that there are traders in the White House, then you're risking your own lives
and the lives of your families.
This is the BuzzFlash editor-of-from-this-pass Sunday.
I take a chance at reading this, assuming you might have already read it on the ear.
I have not.
Oh.
As BuzzFlash has repeatedly editorialized, the Bush administration is a detriment to America's
national security.
Our lives are increasingly at risk every day that they're in office.
It will never seriously battle the sources of terrorism in an effective strategic fashion.
And that is because politically they need the terrorists as much as the terrorists need them.
And the goals of the Bush administration are the consolidation of power
and the acquisition of natural resources and economic dominance, not the eradication of terror.
Only the naive and the Russia-Limbaugh-stepford-Bred status can possibly draw any other conclusion.
NBC just confirmed, and this was Sunday, as BuzzFlash editorialized earlier this week about the politics of terrorism,
that the White House forced the UK to move up the timing of the alleged terrorist
against the recommendations of the British intelligence agencies.
By doing so, the Bush administration compromised the investigation and kept it from obtaining further evidence
and contact names.
In short, for purposes of political timing in order to make partisan points from the election of Nidolamad,
the Bush administration compromised our national security.
Furthermore, NBC confirms that UK sources indicate that the alleged terrorist plan was not even near operational.
Indeed, some of the would-be hijackers didn't even have passports.
This is an extraordinary betrayal of America's national security,
purely done so so that Chinese snow and Bush could attack the Democrats' weak on national security,
knowing that the arrest announcement was going to be made on Wednesday because they picked the day of the arrest.
These uses of roving-in-time terrorist announcements often extremely, extremely exaggerated,
as in the case of the Liberty City and St. Clown Posse,
and the alleged Manhattan-Tummel explosions that would have defied the laws of gravity if they were planned to flood law or Manhattan,
are basically treason.
They're meant to frighten Americans into voting Republican.
The only viable winning platform of the Bush-Rviks now,
and remember when they can't afford either House or Congress to become Democratic,
because it would likely lead to investigations in the impeachment and prosecution of the senior Bush administration staff,
is something like, you see what the terrorists will do if the Republicans aren't here to protect you.
The Democrats will just molly-cottled them, fear for your lives and vote Republican.
After six years of cynical rule and five years of alleged war on terrorism,
that has killed tens of thousands more people than the terrorists have,
all the White House has to do is invoke premeditated fear into Americans,
and it's worked up to now.
Look at the media this week.
The alleged British terror plot dominates the leads in television radio and newspapers around the nation.
Fear is a powerful tool. It goes right from the media into the brain.
It appeals to our reptilian sense of self-protection. That's why it's the tool of the demagogues.
Yes, there are terrorists out there who wish to do citizens of the U.S. harm,
but yes, we also unleash them in Iraq to do us any other harm.
Bush is breeding new ones every day in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Bush hasn't reduced terrorism. He's increased its threat.
And that's fine with Roe, because Roe has been out front and openly stated through three election cycles
that the GOP will win by painting the Democrats a soft on terrorism.
The Bush White House and GOP campaign apparatus will lie, cheat, steal, manipulate our emotions
and even carry out policies that breed terrorists because they need terrorism in order to win elections.
They would lose in the landslide if people were to vote on public policy issues so they need fear.
It's the only fuel that will help them achieve a one-party dictatorial state for a century
as Grover, Nerkwist, and Karl Roe have promised.
Who is creating a new generation of terrorists?
Not the Democrats except for Joe Lieberman, but he's clearly cut a deal with the White House a long time ago
to be one of them and remain a Democrat and foreign policy in name only.
Now more than 60% of Americans oppose the war in Iraq, Netl-Amanda descended into the Robert Barron J.P. Morgan,
a fourth-generation Harvard graduate, and self-made millionaire is no radical.
It's the Bush administration that is radical, extremist, and basically treasonous.
At the same time, it was politically manipulating the arrest of the alleged British terrorists
that were trying to decrease that congressional alignment of millions of dollars
to increase our ability to detect explosives that could be carried on their planes.
It's already a lot of box cutters, nail clippers, scissors, and razors back on airplanes not to mention matches.
It's done almost nothing to ensure the security of cargo that chipped on planes
which the Libyan bottoming of Pan Amplano, Wisconsin showed how much of a threat such cargo could be.
In short, you don't even need a suicide terrorist to blow up a plane in mid-air.
Bush blew off the warnings of an impending 9-11 until the CIA brief a rookie came to him with him to get out,
and then he was an expletive deleted.
Bush then did nothing.
He didn't want his vacation disturbed and then 9-11 happened.
And when it did happen, after Bush failed to take steps to protect us,
he read pet gopher settlements before his handlers could write comments for him.
And then he inexplicably got on Air Force 1 and flew away from Washington, DC.
As Americans, all of us have our lives at stake when these cynical power-humbly demagogues are ruling the country.
Yes, there are terrorists in the world who wish a charm.
Many of them have indeed been drawn to terrorism as a result of Bush administration action.
The goals of the White House aren't to stop terrorism.
The goal of the White House is to allow terrorism to fester in order to, as is the basic game plan for dictators,
use fear to consolidate tyrannical power and do away with our constitutional checks and balances of government
and guarantee of individual liberties.
If you can't see that there are traders in the White House, then you risk your own lives and lives of your families.
If you value those lives and your own, we cannot as a nation any longer afford a White House and a Republican party
that only knows the politics of using terrorism as a political tool while running the only ineffective show-war to reduce the threat of terrorism.
In other words, dog and pony show.
That's the Ed Thoreau from BuzzFlax this past Sunday.
1043 at QAM.
Take good care of those Tutsis, baby, if you're a feet-ear and good shape the rest of your property is too.
And of course, brand issues is a place to take the best carrier.
Tutsis, because they carry all the top names in a shoe business, they give your friendly personal service to make sure you get the perfect fit every time.
And when we say top brands, they got them all.
Floreshram, Echo, Mephisto, Rockport, New Balance, Hushbuckies, tons of other name brands,
shoes and all sizes for men and women.
And they even carry wide-whites and hard-to-find sizes like I said.
Go see our buddy Arnie at Brandy, so make sure you get the right fitting shoes for your feet at the right price every time.
Brandy shoes will find him at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompe, and it'll be right between Atlantic and Copen's roads on the east side.
You can't miss it. And Brandy's open every day of the week, Monday through Saturday till 9, and every Sunday till 5.
And this week is a great time to buy men's and women's famous brands at Brandy's.
Selected styles are on sale. You buy one pair, get the second-period half price, higher price pervails.
Come in or visit Brandy's on a website at BrandyShoes.com.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16 QAS.
For seven nights!
They are a legendary cop duo dedicated to cleaning up the streets of LA.
The Jews have got to spin down!
Who are you talking about?
We're not Jewish!
Yeah! I'm gay!
You are?
Yeah!
Damn gay Jews!
Zleitha Weapon 5, starring Neil Gibson, Danny Clover, and the return of Joe Pesci has Leo Gets.
Hey Rex, my dog! Hey! Hey Leo!
Okay, okay, yeah!
F*** off Joe!
You crazy!
Yeah? F*** off, na f***!
When did you just call me Rex?
I called you, I called!
Bring me to crackle!
Zleitha Weapon 5, now planes are ruined, Neil Gibson's career.
Alright, hopefully we'll happen very soon.
1048, 12 minutes before, whatever.
We got Curtis Stevenson at Duke, Gully at 4.
Well it's nice to come back from vacation and make sure that Gully's still around, you know?
Things just wouldn't be the same without...
No!
That.
Paul Campos in the Rocky Mountain News writes,
The politics of cowardice, they're gonna be reading all four hours to read.
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Yes, I already shut that phone thing off of there man, and shut that screen off, that monitor.
Josh is busy sitting back watching his big screen HD TV.
That's right, and George is sitting there on the edge of his seat hanging on every one of my words.
You know it, riveted.
765 votes on the poll.
We'll make that thousand easy today I believe, especially now that they knew the new lineup.
Starting on August 28th, here it is again, for that bozo that sent the facts after I announced it.
Starting August 28th, they're gonna have Stola the big O.
Oh!
5-7 in the morning.
And then you've got Kenny Walker with the Kimba Bo camper as at his side.
Or standing hovering over him.
It's Kenny Walker a big guy or a little guy.
Oh he's about medium sized guy.
Medium guys, like I said, Kimba will be hovering over him.
And they'll be doing a morning show together from 7-10 AM.
Kimba Bo camper and Kenny Walker, let me say it again, who used to be on Wild 100 with that Jackass hoodie.
And then, after us between 2 and 4, it'll be mad dog on by himself where he belongs.
2 to 4.
And then from 4 to 7, it'll be Hank.
And you're saying, well, how can I be?
Well, 2 to 5 in 4 to 7.
Because the 4 to 5 hour they worked together.
Then we got the Marlins and that crap stuff like that, 80k stays, right there at 10.
That's the new lineup setting on August 28th, which is two weeks from yesterday.
And thank God that I'm talking about it because we're certainly not getting any publicity for it anywhere else.
Except Barry Jackass writes about 10 words about it there.
And Jim Sarni, he's out to lunch.
Paul Campos writes, the politics of cowardice, he starts out with a quote,
Wait till you hear who this quote is from.
Not I don't know, is it?
No.
When it comes to terror, it was much of our political leadership appears to have lost both its nerve and its mind.
Consider this statement.
I'm worried that too many people both in politics and out don't appreciate the seriousness of the threat to American security
and the evil of the enemy that faces us, more evil or as evil as Nazism,
and probably more dangerous than the Soviet communists we fought during the long-cold war.
That's the quote.
These words were not uttered by an involuntary resident of a mental hospital,
or Mel Gibson, after night of pursuing the protocols of the other Zion and drinking single malt scotch.
But by Joseph Lieberman, the man who's been a senator for the past 18 years
and who came within a handful of dangling chads of becoming vice president of the USA,
that a statement like this is treated as a reasonable observation rather than denounced as
transparently hysterical nonsense indicates the extent to which hysterical nonsense now passes for a clear-eyed statesmanship
and actually be far more frightening to Americans than any terrorist threat.
At the height of the Cold War, the Soviet Union's explicit goal was to establish a global communist dictatorship.
In the pursuit of this goal, Soviets built an army of six million men equipped with among many other things,
10,000 nuclear weapons, which in a matter of minutes could have wiped the US off the face of the earth
while perhaps killing 150 million people.
By contrast, though some have been robbed as a guy hiding in a cave somewhere armed with an AK-47 on a tape recorder
who commands the uncertain allegiance of a few thousand equally poorly armed fanatics.
As for our current enemies being more evil than Nazis, it's hard to imagine what that could even mean.
The Nazis managed to murder perhaps ten million people while starting a war that killed at least 40 million others.
In the Universal Evil sweepstakes, the only they said a mark that'll be hard to match,
although it's worth noting that our current good friend and international banker,
the People's Republic of China, made an impressive effort of its own during the great leap forward in their cultural revolution.
Lieberman and his best new friend, Dick Taney, would respond that the enemy just isn't Al-Qaeda.
It's something called Islamophashism.
On this view, despite the enormous political and religious differences that divide them,
groups such as Al-Qaeda and his Vula and Hamas and the Iraqi insurgents and the governments of Iran and Syria
are all part of one big terrifying conspiracy to kill each and every American because they hate our freedoms.
Of course, during the Cold War, the enemy wasn't just the USSR or our best new best friends, the Red Chinese,
it was the international communist conspiracy.
Yet for all the paranoia that marked the Red Scare, fear of the Soviet Union and international communism was far more rational
than the current panic over Al-Qaeda and Islamophashism.
At this moment, Osama bin Laden must be hollering with laughter.
He's a man with no armies to command or weapons to British, except for the most powerful weapon of all, fear.
More Americans ground in bathtubs every year than are killed by terrorists, and indeed we've reached the part where bin Laden does
naturally have to kill anybody to achieve his goal of promoting military conflict between the Islamic and Western worlds.
bin Laden and his Ilk are merely taking advantage of the politics of cowardice.
For example, according to the statement by President Bush that he made on the morning of last week's arrest of terrorist suspects in London,
the goal of the war against Islamic fascists is to make Americans completely safe.
That absurdities of this sort still play well in the polls as a sad comment on the state of the nation.
Let's go somewhere where it can be safe.
How's that?
Okay, like North Dakota.
No, I don't go there to nasty play.
Oh, what would be safe?
Cold and bleak.
772 votes on a poll.
Let's get to that 800 level and I'll feel more secure about that thousand.
We don't get to the thousand, it's going to have to stay on for a long time.
Wait till you hear this.
Now, this, of course, they're going to say, oh, yeah, it's just more that the prisonplanet.com paranoia.
Yeah, right.
I don't know if I've got time for this now.
I guess I better do the break.
I don't like interrupting here because you know the short attention span of the poll.
Oh, yeah.
At best?
What did you just say?
Right, exactly.
That's my point.
By the way, how about the thing about the Howard Slott's spread grim system?
It looked like North Shore vet.
Oh, what?
I'll tell you.
You people in Florida, man.
What a sense of humor.
What a laugh a minute, a real laugh right?
God.
See, there's no point having a election on anything.
Whether it's a political election and an election on the issue, bullet train, slots, presidential elections, you name it.
Class size amendment because they do whatever they want anyway.
And you'll just continue going along paying your three and a half bucks for Gounder's super-unlited.
What a big smile on your push and say, okay, just don't kill me.
10.56 at 5.60 WQM.
Sometimes it's the things you can't see with your naked eye that are really bad for you down there in the carpets all over your flow.
That's correct.
But dry concepts can make those carpets not only look fantastic, just like brand new.
They'll make them sanitary too because they dry clean your carpets.
The only ones in the world who do this.
They've been doing it in South Florida for over 28 years, including over 21 years in my homes.
There is nobody like them.
Because when you call dry concepts and have them dry clean your carpets, you really can clean today and entertain the night there.
A exclusive method sucks out even the deepest down dirt in the fire as your carpets.
It makes your carpets stay clean or longer because there's no sticky residue left behind.
And as a result, they last longer too.
All of these reasons.
All of these things are why they've had over 50,000 satisfied customers all over South Florida.
And don't forget to dry concepts.
Folks are also the experts in water damage restoration.
Keep that in mind during hurricane season which still has a long way to go.
Certified technicians get you out of the mold zone in just a matter of minutes, not days.
And dry concepts can get your home of business dry within 24 to 72 hours.
It's guaranteed.
There is nobody like these folks anywhere.
They give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing their unbeatable job.
And even on top of all of these things, dry concepts has a st way of a rough cleaning plant.
The only one in all South Florida on site dedicated to keeping your expensive area rugs looking brand new.
Like you just had new laid on your floor.
So do yourself a big favor.
Call dry concepts two day toll free and day ground in the palm beaches.
They will never let you down.
They will never rip you off either because like I said, they give you that written guaranteed price upfront.
1-800-248-507-1.
That's 1-800-248-507-1.
Or on the wicked web, it's dryconcepts.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
Yes.
This is 5-16-Q-A-H.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Anywhere in LA.
Anywhere in LA.
California, Canada.
Orange, New Zealand.
There's like a Saturday day.
This is your fucking life.
Up in Montenegro.
And a blue blackout in Belize.
Make your spirit come baby.
You fly for them.
You're a shakies now at the border.
And at the border.
All running and throwing away.
I'm so crazy.
California, Canada.
Orange, New Zealand.
Orange, New Zealand.
My baby, Calvary.
I have come to the church and to the church.
We don't need no change.
We don't need no change.
I think there's a creature in the grave.
In my heart, I'm today.
Up in San Francisco.
Nobody is gay.
Nobody is gay.
California, Canada.
Orange, New Zealand.
Let's all move to Green Bay.
Orange, New Zealand.
Bruce Gificand embarrassed the spirit.
Hegraded into it.
His birthday called a basketball class.
official death, he's actually been brain-dead for about 40 years
area.
I think it was that last play to Kishki that put him over the
edge.
Liquid bomb, Pakistan link, is false flags smoking gun right
shows if Watson?
Revelations concerning the origins of connections of the
alleged liquid bomb terror plot to Pakistan and the 7-7 bomb
he's in London provide a strong indication that the operation
known for months, yet deliberately timed for public release,
was a synthetic ruse conducted by the Bush Blair Cabal to
repackage the flagging war on terror.
Media reports in the days following the alert side,
Pakistan's ISI is having identified Rashid Raouf as the
link between the plots planners and British-based Muslims
who were allegedly preparing to carry out attacks on
transatlantic flights.
According to former NSC official Wayne Mazden, the Lakshar
E Toyba terror group to which Rashid Raouf is affiliated
is wholly operated and funded by the Pakistan EISI.
The Pakistani ISI is a CIA front and controls terror cells
at the discretion of the highest levels of the US military
industrial complex.
This means that the potential mastermind of the liquid bomb
plot, Rashid Raouf, was operating under the
oversight and direction of Pakistani and
by proxy American intelligence agencies.
To understand by the Pakistan link strongly indicates that
Thursday morning's terror alert was a manufactured ruse,
it is necessary to understand that the next is that connects
Pakistani intelligence to the CIA and terrorist organizations.
In October 2001 under the headline,
Pakistani intelligence had links to Al-Qaeda,
US officials say, the New York Times reported the
intelligence services of Pakistani,
crucial American ally and the war on terrorism,
have had an indirect but longstanding relationship
with Al-Qaeda, turning a blind eye for years to the
growing ties between Osama bin Laden and the Taliban,
according to American officials.
The ISI has received CIA funds to create and control
militant organizations, including the Taliban,
and Osama bin Laden and Afghanistan.
Funds transferred from Pakistan bank rule the alleged
Zain-Leaven hijackers before the attack,
Ahmed Umar Sheikh wore at $100,000 from Karachi to
alleged lead hijacker Muhammad Ahtah at the
behest of ISI chief, Mahmoud Ahmed.
If this isn't a direct link from the ISI to Al-Qaeda,
then nothing is.
Porter Goss, excuse me, Porter Misha Goss, later
appointed as director of the CIA was having breakfast
with a money man behind the terrorist as the planes crashed
on the morning of 9-11.
Ahmed also had met with top defense and intelligence
officials in Washington and the days before the attack
including the NCI director George Tenet,
Pentagon officials, and White House personnel.
The fact that Pakistani financier of the alleged
hijackers was meeting with the top-rassity
West government in the week before the attack
was never investigated by the 9-11 Commission.
In addition, alleged 9-11 Mastermind Khalid Sheikh Muhammad
was repeatedly protected by the ISI,
according to Joseph Bodanski, the director of the
Congressional Task Force on Terrorism
and on conventional warfare.
Defense intelligence agency documents stated
from 2001 clearly indicate that the CIA
is aware that Pakistan's ISI supports
and bank rules Al-Qaeda groups,
but they have deliberately chosen to ignore the connection.
The rich history of the ISI creation and protection
of terrorist cells allied with the fact that the ISA
is a known CIA front and added to the revelation
that the mastermind had a liquid bomb plot,
Rashid Rauf is under ISI control.
It is therefore obvious to conclude that the entire
charade was cooked in orchestrated by elements
of the Bush Blur Kabbal and sold as a promotional propaganda
tool for the increased surveillance and behavioral control
of US and UK citizens.
At the very least, the terrorist cell had been fully
infiltrated for months.
This has already been admitted.
And the snap-fording of the attack was coordinated
and stage managed for purposes of political grandstanding
on the part of Bush Blur and the neo-fascist apparatus
that seeks to use the alien justification of the war
on terror for a future military incursion into Iran.
Yes, sir.
Chokes me up just thinking about it.
Another dimension to the indication
that we're being fed in other hoax are reports
detailing the alleged plot's length of the 777 London bombings.
As this website is exhaustively documented for over a year,
the 777 bombings and the pasties that were used
to take the fall for them were controlled and engineered
by the British intelligence apparatus.
The alleged ringleader of the attack
which targeted three tube trains,
tube and one bus, Mohamed Siddiqu Khan,
was an MI5 informant,
according to former London Metropolitan Police
Detective and Terror expert Charles Shubrig.
Therefore, in the case of the liquid bomb plot suspects,
any link to the London bombers is linked to MI5.
It is clear that the scope of the attack has been greatly
exaggerated by the British government to maximize fear
and subservience engendered by images
of alarmed and frightened airline passengers.
Dune's day proclamations of 10 planes
excluding in the balls of planes in midair
don't correlate with the capacity
of the liquid explosives the alleged terrorists were to use.
The only other example where terrorists use liquid explosives
would be the 7th, 1994 Philippines airline Boeing 747 Inc.
a dry run for a bigger plot conducted by Ramsey, Yusuf.
In this case, Yusuf planted the explosives
under one of the seats in the airliner
and timed them to detonate every disembarkatory
connected flight.
The subsequent explosion killed only the Japanese
businessman who was sitting directly above the bomb.
There's a little lesson for all your kids out there.
Don't sit above a bomb.
Besides five people with minor injuries,
the other 200 plus passengers were unharmed
and the plane landed safely.
Only liquid explosives in large and noticeable amounts
can have any literal chance of blowing up a plane in midair,
confiscating pregnant white women's lift glosses
completely insane and proves in itself
that the new airport measures are purely designed
act as a PR coup for the police state.
In addition, photographs of passengers being ordered
to pour liquids into one single container completely
belies the claim that the alleged terrorists planned
to mix the liquids to create the deadly explosives.
If missing liquids was a key component of bomb making process
than wire airport security, ordering people to mix liquid.
World Affairs brief editor Joel Scouse
and highlights prescient questions about the inconsistency
of the properties of alleged liquid explosives
in relation to the much-voted scale of the four-attack.
The supposed explosive device this time was a paroxid-based
explosive, which is mildly explosive
and can be prepared from acetone, hydrogen peroxide,
and an acid catalyst.
This type is claimed by governments to be widely used,
widely used by terrorist groups, though we have no known
terrorist events where it's been used, except by one
Palestinian terrorist, and then as a detonator,
only not as the main charge.
This explosive material is usually known in sub-reviation
as TATP triacetone trap peroxide.
Both peroxide and acetone are clear liquids,
but acetone, lacquer thinner, is easily identifiable
by smell and it's high rate of evaporation.
Experts indicated it is very unstable
and highly unlikely to be a standalone explosive
to take down an airliner.
Quantities would have to be large enough to be easily noticed.
Thus, even though this is a theoretical threat,
banning all cosmetics and lotions is stupid
and banning all liquids is unnecessary.
Only clear liquids need checking.
There's a cheap test equipment for TATP
and civil waste for TSA employees to quickly check
for acetone and peroxide.
Returning to how the latest plot is a mirror image
of Operation Bajinka, the Ramsey, Usef link is also telling
because Usef has been protected and coddled
by the U.S. government every juncture.
In September of 1992, Usef entered the U.S.
with Ahmed Ajaj.
Ajaj's luggage contained documents and heart-of-make bombs
and was stuffed with fake passports and IDs.
Ajaj was arrested and amazingly,
Usef was released.
Usef later mastered the World Trade Center 93 bombing
with the gracious self of FBI agents
having penetrated the group before the bombing.
FBI's mole, Imad Salisalam, was told to arm the terror cell
with dummy explosives so a sting operation
could enshrere the perpetrators.
Saddam was mystified when the orders changed.
The sting was called off and the FBI
allowed the bombing to go forward.
This was all admitted in October 1993
New York Times front page story.
Again, any Operation Bajinka or Ramsey,
Usef link in the case of liquid bomb plot is linked
back to Western intelligence agencies.
Within three days of its exposure,
Tony Blair and I-5 already milking the alleged plot
for political purposes and reintroducing the argument
for 90-day detention without charge legislation.
Blair suffered his only defeat today
in the commons last November
when the bill was shot down by labor rebels,
a humiliating rejection of the so-called
liberal government's feverish bloodlust
for authoritarian control.
Reports of criminal insider trading on airline stocks
before the announcement of the alleged for a plot,
specifically British airwaves stock
have also started to filter in.
It will be the subject of a follow-up investigation.
So I'm permitted to you.
Oh yeah.
Too bad we don't know the names of the people
who were buying up all those who were shorting all those
airlines stocks back before 9-11.
That'd be certain.
Now what is this fancy just to me?
Is this something important?
No, no, no.
Love your show for your poll.
QM, F-D-O-A-O, we know that.
Letting Joe Rose go perfect for MorningRot.
Well, he was doing 8 to 10 in the morning
and doing big numbers and Greg Reed just...
Yeah, Greg Reed stood up the radio station.
Now, poor Joe Bell had to go through a lobotomy,
a complicated surgery that involved his brain
and his unit and something to do with piecing them together.
I don't know what that's all about.
To try to like, one of the try to recuperate
from the trauma of putting Greg Reed's mess back together again.
Not an easy job.
August 28th, we do it, baby.
We debut our new lineup.
What do you think?
Here's the poll.
801 votes, by the way.
Not too bad.
Oh, look at Heathrow, man.
Of course.
After the threat level,
the poll got behind it.
But by the way, it was poor bastards.
Wow, don't ever go to England, man.
Stay the hell out of there.
Oh, no, this is old stuff.
801 votes.
What's your take on the announced the new QM lineup,
which we already read you twice.
And that's it.
If you don't know it by now, too bad.
Kenny Walker and Kim Volkampper and a mad dog
and Hank and yours truly, and that's it.
801 votes.
What is it?
360.
Still voting.
What is it?
Well, you better read it again, George.
OK.
Who is Kenny Walker 91?
Is he one of the Walker brothers, you think?
Oh, that's a good question.
I'll ask you.
Your son ain't going to shine anymore.
I think time is on his eye, too.
Who is Kenny Walker 91?
Big improvement, 78.
I'll ride.
I think the fact that they're saying big improvement means
they agree, Hank belongs back in the afternoon,
which, of course, we already knew that.
Could have told that to Greg.
Kim Volkampper was coma inducing 56,
but that's as in Q56.
He fits right in like a rubber glove.
I hate this pool of 56.
What does this have to do with Fidel of 55?
He's got it.
It's OK, 41.
Well, Catherine Harris, oh my god,
do you hear about her on her speaking
of explosive planes?
No, what happened?
Can't tell you.
It's OK, 41, the new, the new lineup.
Won't change the thing 37.
What are they smoking 34?
Well, George has brought in some good stuff.
A little disaster, 28.
And what does this have to do with Israel?
Salamente.
Oy!
How do you say that?
The old days in women?
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.8.
Howard David's a bitch.
This station presents?
What if they were alive today?
August 16, 1977.
Elvis Presley, the king of rock and roll,
is found dead at his grace and home in Memphis, Tennessee.
He won't change music forever.
But we ask what if he were alive today?
Kill him, baby.
This year's ill was lovely.
You know, I used to buy people catalyzed,
but now I get all my friends one of these,
a hover around mobility chair.
Yeah, baby, I just love riding around on my own.
Keep going in the breeze.
So order your now and tell them the kings.
Thank you.
I've got a hoop of hoop of hoop of hoop of hoop of hoop of hoop.
Join us again for another what's if they were alive today I think there's some programming idea there for you for tomorrow
Okay August 16. It's the 29th anniversary of Elvis's death. Oh, yeah, no Elvis music show
What do you think oh yeah?
I'll be all over that we know our audience just loves Elvis. Oh yeah
Oh
Or maybe in honor, we could do it the rest of the show today. What do you say?
Sure be open and me reading these newspapers stories on the air I think me those rules of it calls
I bet you Tom dickard just hates this show like poison now. Well guess what we hate you too Tommy too bad
Yeah, well, let's you know, how's that gonna work?
You so out of touch. Yeah, touch this go go back to Lesbanon with your local Yokel TV people
That that's that thing about Wayne Chandler's very sad. What a good deal. It is
At any rate moving right along. I got a lot of fish to fry here
Maybe I got that that one article is gonna take me six hours to read
I may collapse before I finish reading it by Bill Christianson. There's that Christ Christ son. Is that how you say that sure?
What it for he's a former CIA analyst. He's a former god CIA guy at any rate
He writes to stop you living the theories about 9.11. I'm not gonna get to that yet though
I'm teasing it and luckily thank the Lord at the most red story so far today on our website
It's very disheartening to me like for yesterday the stories I put on here including some really very important ones
And what's the most red story yesterday Josh man picks wrong spot when nature calls about the dirty doubt
Pied in the wrong place, you know, just just amazing to me you people are just there's no hope to what place that he did he
I'm gonna have to read the story
I'm gonna story that I just read about the liquid bomb panic the Pakistani link is a false flag smoking gun and yada yada
That's I mean, that's got over 200 people read it so far this morning, but it's a week fourth place
You know the story about the bush couldn't be carried grower even his own father not only 202 reads
But the guy peed in the wrong spot if it's got to do with peon or dumping or it's got a four-letter word in it man
They get they got there all over like stink on Greg like stink on Joyce
Seymour Hirsch says and by the way, you know, I hate to break the news to you Chris the Matthews on CNBC or MS or whatever you're on
Nobody wants to hear what Chris Matthew says to say when he's got somebody important like Seymour Hirsch on there
Somebody ought to take the duct tape from back in 9-11 days and just put it around Chris Matthews mouth
He never shuts up
And I'll ask a question and then just as the guest is about to start to answer the question
Then he starts adding on to it. Yeah, and I don't know that but what do you think about it? Jolie?
But you know shot up that's the message to Chris Matthews on MS and BC and Keith Oberman by the way
I think ought to be the president. Okay, at least he's got a sense of humor and he tells it like it is
Too bad nobody watches that show now you watch you how come you're not watching him anymore?
It's just a bad time. There's usually stuff going on in my life at that time of the evening
Wining up dinner playing with children getting marauded by the family
Like the wife's putting stuff little things like that
Seymour Hirsch says you was involved in Israeli plans to invade Lebanon. Was there any doubt?
Didn't I tell you that yes? You did this whole thing was cooked up by and encouraged by and promoted by and
You see it always that visionary tactics said they're blowing up and bushes face
No pun intended right now
The words we got a divert get that thing well with all the blood bath of civil war in Iraq off the front pages
Well it worked then we went to the all the bloodshed in the horror in the lesbian on that
That was on the front pages and then that turned into a disaster that worked out really really bad
Lots of innocent dead people on both sides and Lebanon turned a shreds again just just absolutely the Claude and then
That didn't work out so well
So now we got the terror alert has to be issued early so that we can get the
lesbian on thing off the front page it worked
In an article for the New Yorker magazine we now investigated with you and a list
Seymour Hirsch states that the Bush administration was closely involved in last month's invasion of Lebanon by Israel
Ross story has learned
Hirsch describes the administrative
Administration's initial reaction to the invasion has strangely passive with George W. Bush saying on July 16
It's a moment of clarification and condom please arise stating two days later that a ceasefire should wait until the
Conductions are the conditions are conducive or is that the conditions are conducive?
Bitch she by the way, I don't know if you've been reading the story, but she was the one that got the president's rear-a-ear no
Yeah, I'm this on this particular issue. I see like let's so let's so wait
Let's let him kill as many of them his ball as we can she was the one and so everybody else was saying them
Gonna be a lot of buds gonna make you look really bad a lot of innocent Lebanese are gonna die a lot of horrible things are gonna
Happen like that con boy that got bombed yeah, yeah, well, they shouldn't have attacked Israel, but condom please
So that's right. They shouldn't have attacked us just like a reaction to protect us just like that wedding party in a
Ractor years ago shouldn't have attacked us. That's why the US forces bomb the wedding party so 40 people died
See if the West the wedding would have gone along his plan
They would have reproduced new to be more Iraqi terrorists so there's probably a method in our madness
Hirsch's intelligence had diplomatic sources tell him that the reason for this hands-off reaction was that George Bush and Dick
Cheney already knew about his really plans for a bombing campaign against
Hezbollah's underground missile complexes and were convinced that it could both
Increased Israel security and serve as here comes the big part and serve as a preduined to an American preemptive attack on a
Rand's nuclear installations. Oh boy
The White House also wanted Hezbollah stripped of the ability to retaliate against Israel in the wake of an American attack on Iran as
One US government consultant told Hirsch the Israelis told us it would be a cheap war with many benefits
Why oppose it? We'll be able to hunt down and bomb missiles tunnels and bunkers from the air
It'll be a demo for Iran. Oh worked great, didn't it?
Hurrah it was fabulous the White House and National Security Council have denied knowing in advance about Israel's plans
However, Hirsch's sources made it very clear that Israel shared its plans with the Americans this past spring and received
Strong encouragement Israeli military and intelligence experts acknowledge the American support but insisted to
Reverse that Israel had acted against Hezbollah solely on the basis of its own interest and not as an agent of American policy
Right
Richard Armadage who served as deputy secretary of state during Bush's first term
Suggested that the White House should take the Israeli example as a reason to re-examine its plans for Iran
If the most dominant military force in the region the IDF can't pacify a country like Lebanon with a population of four million
You should think really carefully about taking that template to Iran with strategic depth and a population of 70 million
That's what Dick said
But sometimes Bush and listen and dick I understand Henry Porter writes. Oh boy. I just got so much good stuff
I do not know if anybody cares about any of these things. Now what are you gonna do?
Read it good
Well before we do that though, the thing about the Broward slots is just this is the epitome of what's out for it is all about
This is one more good reason to stay far away from that place
Fred Graham who occasionally writes something worth reading actually nice going Freddie
He says the soaring steel skeleton of the new racino could pass from abstract iron sculpture the giant curving roof beams over a grid of parallel bars
Make pump and a parts old green and white grandstand next door look his doudy is Aunt Millie
What are they gonna do with that take it down like an erector said as one of the tracks after in regulars
Notting at the unfinished building the ponies don't run again at pump and a park until labor day
But the regulars come anyway most of them men most of them on the arthritic side of middle age
The place bets in Watsonville castes erases from New York and Jersey one was shouting at the video screen like his horse could hear him
Go go go baby
But the big better round here is the $150 million expansion under way the old harness track
Don't look like such a sure thing anymore set a gambler in a dolphins t-shirt
Not next year's for his newspaper reading white preliminary spence his afternoons
The regulars were miffed by the decision from the first district court of appeals in talent has he on Tuesday
Raising doubts about the legality of the 2004 referendum that allowed brown and they voters to decide whether they wanted slot machines in their
Perimutual places dates subsequently voted no but browners said yes
Yes, excuse me. Yes the prospect of slots is transferred browners aging faltering nearly pathetic
Perimutuals in the sizzling investments hundreds of millions of dollars are pouring into the race you know
But it's no sure thing Fred writes the appeals court decisions and a lawsuit back to William County circuit judge
Was missed a claim that the petition that triggered the 2004 initiative was full of fraudulent signatures
The circuit judge had originally ruled that the election allowed voters to cure any problems with the petition apparently not
The cases bond to when it's waited the Florida Supreme Court if the perimutuals lose all their appeals
Then it goes back to trial and leon county. We're talking months even years while the big bet and browner just gets bigger
But the possibility looms that brown could end up with four very glitzy raciners without a slot machine in sight mine
Dolphs being parked in the midst of a hundred and forty million dollar renovation has been transformed from a track that was
Surviving with race date concerts by over the hill rock and roll has been into a track with the grandest of grandstands
And may a gambling conglomerate paid a hundred and fifty two million dollars to the old high life
Fronton and Dania Beach and promised to invest another seventy five million to make slot players comfy the old Hollywood Greyhound track is being transformed in a
Martigrow race track and gaming 20 million spent so far and millions more to come
Horses dog players and highlight players all seem like afterthoughts in these new environments
But it may all be a bad bet John Panetta known around pomp and a park as Jersey John raged
A vote is a vote the people of Florida voted on this and the Bushes wanted to do the same thing they did six years ago when voted for president
The regulators complained that judges sleep in the conservative religion-minded rural culture in North Florida
Steak in the conservative religion-minded rural culture in North Florida would be deciding whether self-verbalians would be able to play the slots
Gambleings everywhere say Jimmy Macino the real question is whether they're going to tax it or not
Macino just shook his head at the prospect that the 2004 vote could be undone in the redneck end of the state
He said what would they do if this place if this all falls
Falles through I just don't think blank blank blank and just kind of trail off in a night like like
Like that. Of course track regulars are in a minute. We're familiar with a bad bet. Just not the hundred and fifty million dollar kind. So it's very grim
How do you like that?
So if you're looking for a good machine mine
Yeah, there's all the lesbianies on CNN and a his blood and then there's some
Zinnians are recruits thousands and thousands of new recruits nice going a hood
29 past 11 at 560 WDQ
I'm going back to school
It can be a little rough for the kids and goodnight
Stayed as critical for the development of healthy minds
Wow when an intellectual spot if your kids are having trouble adjusting the school might bedtime
It may be just their mattress called dial amateurs at 1 800 mattress
dial amateurs can recommend a mattress for kids of any age have the new bed delivered the date and time that you choose
Just like always seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m
Just give dial amateurs a to our window when it's convenient for you or your kids or whoever's going to get it
They can even deliver your mattress the very same day that you call call 1 800 mattress right now
Get the absolute best selection of silly and sirter Simmons King coil temper p to concerns bananas foster
Check for low prices online at mattress.com or call dial amateurs right now toll free at 1 800 mattress
I've been using them for years and years and when the old mattress is lumpy and bumpy
There's no better and smarter way to do a piece of shopping than just sit there on your fat ass and make that one easy call
Call him right now. He can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight
1 800 mattress 1 800 m a t t r e s leave off the last S because it stands for stupid sarner
This is the old Roger
This is 5.62 a.m.
I'm going to go on the fire here at 30,000 feet
Nothing can prepare you
Want some?
Hmm
Oh
Jackson
Great
It's 11.35 at 5.60 WQM. Happy Tuesday, too. This email you just sent me with this bush video. This has got to go on our website immediately not much sooner. I'll send it to Eric. But my question is to you, sure. Wait a minute. One moment.
I can't put it on here. I just watched it. Oh, I can. I know that's what I'm going to do yet.
I can't believe you believe me. I can't believe you believe me. I can't believe you believe me. I can't believe you believe me. I can't believe you believe me. I can't believe you believe me. I can't believe you believe me. I can't believe you believe me. I can't believe you believe me. I can't believe you believe me. I can't believe you believe me. I can't believe you believe me. I can't believe you believe me. I can't believe you believe me. I can't believe you believe me. I can't believe you believe me. I can't believe you believe me. I can't believe you believe me. I can't believe you believe me. I can't believe you believe me. I can't believe you believe me. I can't believe you believe me. I can't believe you believe me. I can't believe you believe me. I can't believe you believe me. I can't believe you believe me. I can't believe you believe me. I can't believe you believe me
Remember, you're the one with a good Internet gathering. Stop suffering, take buffering. Is that what you just said? Yeah. Okay. OK. 844 votes on our poll. What's your take on the announced new WQM lineup that begins that they views two weeks from yesterday Monday, August 28th? What is a 315? Well, at least that slowed down to a crawl another. I've read it 15 times with the new line up is, who was Kenny Walker? 97. Excellent question. Big improvement. 86. Oh, thank God. Boy. Finally, there's like a little, uh, a little hope for us, you think?
to have a leading with more than a point one share.
Kimba Bo camper is coma inducing 59, not that in sound of promising, although we do know that.
What does this have to do with Fidel 58?
He's there.
Um, I hate this pull 58.
Won't change a thing 45.
It's okay. Not great, but okay.
Okay.
42. In other words, they're open-minded.
They're giving it a shot.
Yeah, if you're not sure, just give it a shot.
What are they smoking over there, 37?
Disaster 28.
That's the worst part.
I'm not gonna talk about this next song.
Oh, it just came on.
That's okay. What a go.
What does this have to do with Fidel 19, though?
You're sorry, though.
You got this is something to see, too, though.
It sounds good, but it looks better.
I know.
Right.
I can't believe the release would be.
It can't go down high.
It's gonna make it go away.
Come on.
Come on.
Let's just take this song.
Come on.
Two, two, one.
Two, one.
Tonight.
We can be as one.
To get a heart out, mono.
Tonight.
Broken bottles under shown seats.
Right soon, across the dead in the seat.
But I won't leave the battle hall.
It goes my bad, I just my bad, I miss the wall.
Sunday, blow you Sunday.
Sunday, blow you Sunday.
Sunday, blow you Sunday.
Sunday, blow you Sunday.
Sunday, blow you Sunday.
I'm gonna run out of buffer room, so I'm gonna fade it out here.
What are you gonna run out of?
It's gonna catch up with the salt and stuff again,
because I have a slow internet connection over here, as you know.
Oh my god.
Well, there's a little tease for you, okay?
But like you said, you got to really shoot a video.
Yeah.
I just ended the Eric, so.
To get the full impact.
Yeah, Eric will get it on there faster than you can say.
To get the full rock impact.
Let's see, I got, well, don't let me forget,
because it's gonna take me about four hours to read that article about.
By the way, speaking of, don't let you forget,
Bokoboyan found the video that you're talking about,
the Keith Holberman thing on Crooks and Liars.
And I'll be sure and send the appropriate link
to all interested parties you included.
You mean from last night's show?
From last night's show, the video of it.
It's on the internet, man.
Everything is all right.
Wow.
All right.
That chicken act, when you least expected, man,
he pulls it, he comes through.
He's full of surprises.
You have no idea.
He's full of it, all right.
Wow.
Now Keith Holberman, MSNBC 8 to 9 PM.
Okay, that's the only place you're gonna get any truth.
Forget about that daily show, okay?
That's a bunch of guys sitting around trying very hard to be funny
and usually they're not.
But Holberman, last night when he laid out all of those,
it was just so beautiful the way that they did it too.
Obviously he's got, you know, I'm like us.
He actually has a staff of people that research stuff
and like, what are you doing?
Yeah.
Like a real show, you know.
But then again, we're doing okay.
We're not missing any meals.
Last time I checked.
Plus I found that good machine yesterday again.
What do I come back from my marginal trip
with a crappy weather over there?
Found another good machine.
There came that 3000 on the line again.
I think it's a good thing.
It's probably not getting the slots there.
I'm not saying they're not,
but if they don't, it'll be good for Josh.
Because he's one of those people that has addictive personality.
Yeah, that's it.
I'm serious.
It'll be really bad because your buddy won the 10 grand there that time.
And all you need to do is get started.
I do have one little short thing to interject here.
I remember when the everybody remembers when I got all whipped up
the rag heads about those cartoon and my Danish weekly reader,
whatever that thing was in general way.
All of the stuff and people died because of it
because you're not supposed to be picked more Hammond and the audio.
All of a sudden the crap and it was disrespectful.
Well, you can be disrespectful to anybody else.
And so an exhibition of more than 200 cartoons about the Holocaust
opened yesterday as a ranch response
the last year's Muslim outrage over a caricature of the profit
and the Hamid and that Danish news rag.
The display showing 204 entries from Iran and abroad
were strongly influenced by the abuse of Iran's hardline president Mahood
Ahmed Inajad, who drew wise.
See how easily I say that?
Wow, I still can't.
Who drew widespread condemnation last year for calling on the Holocaust
a myth and saying that Israel should be destroyed.
One cartoon by Ibn-E.
And by the way, yeah, just auto mentioned this in passing
although I just simply don't want to get up any of our Zionist
bodies upset out there.
But Hamas and Hezbollah were both created by Israel.
There is no question about that.
That's a fact.
But nevertheless, one cartoon by Ibn-E.
Toney Thamdine shows the statue of Liberty holding a book
on the Holocaust in Sleftan and giving a Nazi-style salute
with the other.
Sounds like something Mel Gibson would have thought of.
It was at the bent arm up a Nazi salute
with the one straight out of an angle.
The one kind of like that.
If you notice the old documentary footage,
sometimes Hitler, I guess it all depends on how much we,
how many we need to get for break.
I think there's a formal salute in the casual salute.
Sometimes the arm is straight out.
Other times it's like at a kind of half a thing.
It's a guy.
See, hi.
No, I think in one of the documentaries I saw,
I'm not sure because the audio wasn't real clear,
but he was saying, hi, a pally.
One cartoon, Mastod Shoghi, director of the host
caricature house, said in jury,
looked through 1200 entries received after the contest
was announced in February by the co-sponsor,
the Iranian newspaper Tom Shari.
Well, at least they got a sense of humor over there
about everybody else, not about them.
Everybody else, especially the Jews, but not necessarily.
18-Lunic 2 AM.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q.A.M.
Okay, in the light of the bad game,
your green hair really sets off your verbal suits.
It's Ashley Plum, but thank you, take a co-theta.
Batman Mountain with Christian Baile as Batman,
and Heath Ledger as the Joker.
I wish I knew how to quit you, Joker.
I wish I knew how to get that utility belt off.
Stately way manner, just got the makeover.
Holy queer-eyed Batman, you and the Joker sure know how to make time passed down here in the back gate.
Well, Robin, we're just...
...speluncing buddies.
Right, Joker?
Don't worry, boy, Wanderer.
There's enough room on that bad pole for a velvet.
Batman Mountain, you can fight crime,
but you can't fight your true identity.
Let's end it in the battle, being in the goblin' pride parade.
So let me ask you this, and we got that Keith Oldman thing.
The link to it, is there any way we can get on our website?
Yeah.
I thought we were talking about the whole hour.
I'm talking about that 15-minute segment,
which I'm sure that chicken echoes what I was talking about.
Yes, what it is is the...
What it is?
Let me do it in time.
12 minutes.
Oh, that's it.
It's a 12-minute segment,
Alberman, the nexus of politics and terror.
That is it!
I'm right!
Keith runs down the timeline from 2002 until the latest UK plot regarding the political organization.
Did I say that right?
Politicalization.
Politicalization.
Politicalization of terror,
politicking, et cetera, and so on and so forth.
Excellent.
Eric's already got it in his hands.
He's got in his hands.
How about the story?
That too.
Henry Porter in the Brit paper has...
Can I tell you the best paper that I have ever written in my life?
What's the best paper you've ever written in your life?
Not the best paper you've ever written in your life.
Not the best paper you've ever written in your life.
Not the best paper you've ever written in your life.
Not the best paper you've ever written in your life.
Not the best paper you've ever written in your life.
Not the best paper you've ever written in your life.
Not the best paper you've ever written in your life.
Not the best paper you've ever written in your life.
Not the best paper you've ever written in your life.
Not the best paper you've ever written in your life.
He says you can say what you like in the US just as long as you don't ask awkward questions about America's role in the Middle East.
It used to be said that academic rowers were vicious because the stakes were so small.
That's no longer true in America where a battle is underway on campuses over what can be said about the Middle East and US foreign policy.
Doug Jowls is a recent casualty.
He used to teach a class on world religions at Roosevelt University Chicago, founded in memory of Franklin Roosevelt and his liberal inclined wife Eleanor, that type.
Last year Jowls was ordered by the head of his department, our art historian Susan Weininger, not to allow students to ask questions about Palestine and Israel.
In fact, nothing was to be mentioned in class, textbooks and examinations that could possibly open Judaism to criticism.
Students being what they are did not go along with a ban.
A young woman originally from Pakistan asked a question about Palestinian rights.
Someone complained that Professor Jowls was promptly fired.
Leaving aside his boss's doubtful qualifications to set limits on a class of comparative religion, especially as early 20th century midwestern artists such as Tunis Ponsen, and it says, neither have I.
Who is that? I haven't heard him in either of I.
The point to grasp is that Professor Jowls did not make inflammatory statements himself.
He merely refused to limit the bait among the young minds in front of him.
This might be seen as a troubling one-off like the story involving the president of Harvard, Lauren Summers, who suggested that in eight differences between the minds of men and women could be one reason why fewer women succeed in science and math careers and then was ousted.
But Jowls sacking is far more important because it's part of the movement to suppress criticism of Israel on the grounds that it's anti-Semitic.
A mild man, Jowls seems astonished to find the battle for free speech in his own lecture theater.
It may be sexy to get on a bus and go to the sea and march against the war he said to me last week, but it is much less sexy to fight in your own university for the right of free speech.
But that's where it begins. That's because they're taking away what you can talk about.
He feels there's a pattern of intolerance in his sacking that's been encouraged by websites such as FrontPageMag.com and CampusWatch.
The old binding of Stanford University is regularly attacked by both.
Bynon is a Jew who speaks both Hebrew and Arabic. He worked in Israel and on an assembly line in the U.S. where he helped Arab workers understand their rights.
Now he holds seminars in Stanford in which all views are expressed. For this reason, no doubt, his photograph recently appeared on the front of a booklet entitled Campus Support for Terrorism.
It was published by David Horowitz, the founder of FrontPageMag.com, who has both composed a Bill of Rights for University's design to take politics for which read liberal influence and plurality out of the curriculum
and list of the 100 most dangerous academics in America which includes Noam Chomsky and many other distinguished thinkers and teachers.
The demented bullying tone of the websites is another symptom of the Decentive Public Discourse in America and, frankly, one can easily see the attractions of self-sensitious here
upon the question of the Middle East and Israel. Read David Horowitz for longer than five minutes and you begin to hear Senator Joseph McCarthy accusing someone of un-American activities.
At Harvard a few weeks after what was called Sumner's Mist Step, a much greater row in suit when John Meersheim were the University of Chicago and Stephen Walder Harvard published a paper called The Israel Lobby,
brave because the alleged distortion of U.S. pro-Israel foreign policies un-mentionable in American public life.
Their paper was printed only in the UK in the London Review of Books. In America, then they're followed what's been described as the massive...
Apart from the mud slinging from sites such as Campus Watch and Front Page Mag, it had little mainstream circulation and has been no real debate.
I read it several times, it cannot disagree with the an early point made by the authors. There is a strong moral case for supporting Israel's existence but that is not in jeopardy.
Viewed objectively, its past and present conduct offers no moral basis for privileging it over the Palestinians. That's the crux. All Americans to say little of the British who have been reluctantly welded to the U.S. policy
surely deserve the chance to know about the influence that a lobby such as APAC, the American Israeli Public Affairs Committee exuded times like these.
The bottom line, St. Meersheimer and Walder's that APAC is a de facto agent for a foreign government as a stranglehold on Congress, where the result that U.S. policy is not debated there, even though the policy has important consequences for the entire world.
In other words, one of the three main branches of the government is firmly committed to supporting Israel.
Later they say the lobby's influence causes trouble on several fronts. It increases the terrorist danger that all states face, including America's European allies.
It is made it impossible to end the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. A situation that gives extremist a powerful recruiting tool increases the pull of potential terrorist and sympathizers and contributes to Islamic radicalism in Europe and Asia.
You could add that the lobby's influence may in the long run be very much against Israel's interests.
That is my belief, but these things are rarely discussed in America. People look vaguely queasy when you raise this subject for the Israeli lobby, as though the only concern in American discourse is not to appear anti-Semitic, a fear which I suggest is sometimes shamelessly played upon.
The right of people like Meersheimer, Walt, Binion, Dryals and even Summers to say what they think must remain in violet if we're not to lose the values of what the West insists fighting for.
A little boldness is called for on both sides of the Atlantic to discuss the pressure coming from both Jewish and Muslim quarters, not to discuss issues openly because of various sensibilities.
In Britain we should rapport with equal vehement, the temptation to give in the special cleaning from, for instance, the Muslim businessmen who don't want the film of Monica Ali's brick lane made in their area, they have no right to dictate to this ancient democracy of ours, now theirs, and so settle for expression.
Last week during John Snow's fascinating documentary about Muslim attitudes in England, a woman said that British society was too decadent for her to allow her children to integrate completely.
A moment starts to suggest that British democracy had much to offer over the appalling civic values found in most Muslim countries, the oppression of women in Islam, the untold domestic abuse and the tens of thousands of children sold into bodied labor in Pakistan for a residence country of origin.
Her primseparatism fails to grasp the value of our democratic institutions when set against societies run by sure we are law and so undermines them.
My view is that in America and Britain we should think of free speech as an article of faith, as one of the ways that we define our civilization against the forces that were to be unleashed on us this week, as well as the influences that stifle criticism of Israel and so enable the disgraceful actions in South Lebanon.
The interest of extreme proponents of Muslim and Jewish faiths combined in one way or another to assault our ancient democratic traditions and we must resist them, let the students like those in Gujarat class ask whatever they like.
Excellent. Pretty good, huh?
You Jew, Haydr. What do you think of that? That's by Henry Porter in the Sunday observer, the Brit paper, the observer.
You want to read the good comms most of them are in the Brit papers, the guardian, the observer, the independent. Trust me when I tell you, or not.
So how's that to think coming on our website? That's pretty exciting. We got two things for the price of money.
Henry has acknowledged the receipt of them and I'm sure he's working feet on them. Heavy, heavy duty.
Which if you read the McDonald's often enough, that's right. Heavy, heavy stuff. And of course the bush thing, that's going to get eight million, eight million people.
You're going to watch that Sunday, the bloody Sunday. By the way, did you ever see that movie with Peter Finch? No. It's a little bit too gay for either one of you. Trust me.
Is it about the Super Bowl bombing thing? No. It's about gay. Oh, Peter Finch is a doctor and the guy comes to me. It's a British movie. I see.
And the guy comes to him who grows both ways. I say, got it North and South. North South East and West. And he likes it the best.
At any rate, Peter Finch becomes more than his doctor. He kind of like nurses him back to home. I see what you don't want to see. I believe. No, I don't.
And definitely Josh don't want to see it because he'll never be the same again. He never recover from it. Did see the great Santini. Yeah, I heard that. And I don't know how to put my review other than I hate the great Santini.
The character, the guy. I can't figure out if I like the movie because they make his name was a bowl. Meach him. Was not his name in the movie. Yes. Bowl. Meach him. What a man. But you're going to say something else.
Smith. Yeah. Oh, no, he's coming up before. Don't say that. That's a nasty shot. 877. I vote on the pool. I don't know. We're going to make that task or not. We better get moving, man. I'm starting to get just a little bit nervous.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62.
She is.
More heavily. And this portion of the Neil Rogers. 12 to 1 hour is brought to you by the lead in 12.
1 2 4 5 6 7 8 5 11 12. The license of pizza. All for me.
It is.
Good boy.
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
Now these days is full of shows like the RL. You asked me, I'm TV is gone, I wish they were back there to work in the
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
I really did stand and TV made a video start.
What the crew really didn't go far.
Come on them good blanket car.
The swearing spandex was much less hard.
Those ladies here, the furbills are.
Like what does the old man shot far?
Where are the video stars?
And TV made a video start.
And TV made a video start.
Couple two at 560 WM.
So Bill Christensen is, see sooner or later you know I get around the bus.
Former senior official of the CIA.
He was a national intelligence officer and director of the CIA's Office of Regional and Political Anvilization before he retired 1979.
Since then he's written numerous articles on U.S. foreign policy including this one, which is on our website by the way for today.
Former CIA analyst stop belittling the theories about September 11th and this is what he writes and it goes on for hours.
However horrendous the crimes of two of the world's great liars and terrorists in Gaza and Lebanon, it is imperative that we not let the deeds of A-Hood Olmert and George W.
to establish a new hostility of bush distractments from another recent event.
The U.S. alliance with Israel and the power of the lobby deletes Israel so easily influence U.S. foreign policy of been major factors in allowing a monstrous slaughter of instance of Indians in Gaza and Lebanon.
What is happening in these lands may also encourage Olmert and Bush to start new hostilities in Syria and heavy possible nuclear bombings in Iran and this entire mess of neocom potage may lead to a new world war and clashes of solosations and religious fundamentalisms that these two wretched politicians seem quite literally to want to impose on the rest of the world.
It is a tough case to make that anything else is going on in the world anywhere that could possibly be of equal importance.
But on July 20th and 30th and then again August 1st something else happened that increasing numbers of people believe is of equal importance.
On these dates C-SPAN re-broadcast a panel discussion held originally in late June sponsored by an organization called the American Scholars Symposium to discuss what really happened on 9-11-2001.
Halden Los Angeles the meeting lasted two days and the C-SPAN re-broadcast covered one almost two-hour wrap-up session.
The meeting was attended by 1,200 people interested in hearing something other than the official story of 9-11.
The TV audience was evidently large enough to spur C-SPAN to broadcast the panel discussion five separate times in four days.
Even among late this is a lot of air time for stories that many people call conspiracy theories and for which many others use nasty descriptions.
It is possible that the head of C-SPAN Brian Lam so strongly displeased the conspiracy theories that he felt giving the NAMPLE publicity would discredit them further.
It is equally possible however that Lam who seems honestly to believe in presenting various sides of most issues as fairly as he can, although not always giving every side equal time, tried to do exactly that on May-Legend McQuestions raised about what really happened on 9-11.
In any event, C-SPAN has made a major effort to bring information on the principal theories about 9-11 to the mainstream US media.
Land cannot be blamed for the coincidence that recent heavy military activity in Gaza and Lebanon is nearly drowning out his efforts.
Let's address the real issues here.
Why is it important that we not let the so-called conspiracy theories surrounding 9-11 be drowned out?
After spending a better part of the last five years treating these theories without more skepticism, I've devoted serious time to actually studying them in recent months
and I've also carefully watched several videos that are available on the subject.
I've come to believe that significant parts of the 9-11 theories are true and that therefore significant parts of the official story put out by the US government and 9-11 Commission are false.
I now think there is persuasive evidence that the events of September did not unfold as the Bush administration and the 9-11 Commission would have us believe.
The items below highlight the major questions surrounding 9-11 but don't constitute a detailed recounting of the evidence available.
In Irliner almost certainly did not hit the Pentagon, hard physical evidence supports this conclusion.
Among other things, the hole in the Pentagon was considerably smaller than the Irliner would create.
The building was thus presumably hit by something smaller, possibly a missile or a drone or less possibly, a smaller manned aircraft.
Absolutely no information is available on what happened to the original aircraft American Irliner Flight 77, the crew, the hijackers and the passengers.
The official story is that appeared in the 9-11 Commission report simply says, at 9-37-46, American Airlines Flight 77 cracked into the Pentagon traveling at approximately 530 miles an hour.
All on board as well as many civilians in military personnel in the building were killed.
This allows readers to assume that pieces of the aircraft and some bodies of passengers were found in the rubble of the crash, but information so far released by the government does not show that such evidence was in fact ever found.
The story put out by the Pentagon is that the plane and its passengers were incinerated, yet video footage of offices in the Pentagon situated to the edge of the hole clearly shows office furniture undamaged.
The size of the hole in the Pentagon while still remains as valid evidence and so far seems irrefutable.
Two, the North and South powers of the World Trade Center almost certainly did not collapse and fall to worth because hijacked aircraft hit them.
A plane did not hit building seven of the center which also collapsed.
All three were most probably destroyed by controlled demolition charges placed in the buildings before 9-11.
A substantial volume of evidence shows that typical residues and byproducts from such demolition charges were present in the three buildings after they collapsed.
The quality of the research shown the subject is quite impressive.
If the judgments made on points one and two above are correct, they raise many who'd done the questions and strong will suggest that some onane persons or groups either inside or with ties to the government were actively creating a Pearl Harbor event.
Most likely to gain public support for the aggressive foreign policies that followed policies that would first transform the entire Middle East and second expand US global domination.
These first two points provide the strongest evidence available that the official story of 9-11 is not true.
If the government could prove this evidence false and its own story on these points correct, all the other data and speculation supporting the conspiracy theories would be undermined.
It has provided no such proof and no answers to growing questions.
Other less important points supporting the theories include the following.
Three, for at least one hour and 45 minutes after the hijacking of the first aircraft was known, US air defense authorities failed to take any meaningful action.
This drags some conspiracy theorists as valid evidence that the US Air Force was deliberately restrained from acting.
Maybe so, but my own skepticism tells me that the inefficiency of US defense forces is likely to be just as plausible an explanation.
Four, some of the theorists believe that the 19 named hijackers were not actually the hijackers. One claim is that the names of the hijackers were not on the manifest of any of the four aircraft at all.
Five, none of the 19 hijackers bodies were ever opt-op seats since they were allegedly totally destroyed in the crashes, including even the people in the Pennsylvania crash.
Six, at least five of the alleged hijackers or persons with identical names have since turned up alive in the Middle East.
Nonetheless, the FBI has never bothered to reinvestigate or revise a list of hijackers.
Does this suggest that the FBI knows that no one in the administration is interested in reopening any further investigation?
Seven, numerous pilots have allegedly told the theorists that none of the 19 hijackers could possibly have flown the airliners well enough to hit the World Trade Center towers and the Pentagon with as much accuracy as was displayed.
The debate on this issue simply raises more doubt about the government's charge that the people who disnamed this hijackers are the real hijackers.
Eight, no one except possibly government investigators who are not talking has seen the plane that went down in Pennsylvania.
Some of the conspiracy theorists suggest that it was deliberately destroyed before it hit the ground.
Others suggest that the plane actually landed in Cleveland and that passengers then were whisked away to some unknown destination.
What happened to them at that point is simply a large question mark that makes it more difficult to believe this particular scenario.
What's it that islanded, Patrick? What's it that?
No, do they? They're prisoners. But whose number two?
Your.
Nine, machinations in the US stock market in the days before 9-11 suggests that some inside players in the market knew were suspected that United and American Airlines stock would soon drop.
Two of the four of the aircraft involved in nine leather workhorse United planes and the other two were of course American Airlines planes.
It should be re-emphasized that these items did not make up a complete list of all the charges made by the theorists, but they were a good sample.
Anyone interested in perhaps the best summary of these charges should watch the video, lose change.
About three, three, three, three, three, two points one and two above are the most important of something other than an airliner actually did hit the Pentagon on 9-11.
And if the North and South powers of the World Trade Courage Center actually were dropped to the ground by controlled demolitions, rather than by anything connected to the hijackings, the untruth stories peddled by the 9-11 commission report are clearly susceptible of being turned to major political issues.
A script-powered new service university or how university pull taken from July 6th to 24th of this year concluded that more than a third, 36% of the American public suspects that federal officials assisted in the 9-11 terrorist attacks or took no action to stop them so that the US could go to war in the Middle East.
The poll also found that 16% of Americans speculate that secretly planted explosives not burning past New Jets were the real reason the massive twin towers of the World Trade Center collapsed.
A poll done by the Zodby polling organization two months earlier between May 12th and 16th using question worded somewhat differently suggested even more strongly that the issue could become a big one of aggressively publicized.
This poll concluded that 42% of Americans believe there had indeed been a cover-up of the true events of 9-11 and an additional 10% of Americans were unsure.
The co-author of the poll, W. David Kubi, stated that despite years of relentless media promotion, White Wash and 9-11 commission propaganda, the official 9-11 stories still can't even muster 50% popular support.
Whichever these polls is closer to the truth, it would seem that there is a considerable support for making a major political issue on the Sunday.
I guess I would have stopped there, huh?
Both videos are up on the website, by the way.
All right, so we got bursting in a Sunday bloody Sunday with the without Peter Finch.
Right.
Now what's the other one?
Keith Overman.
Oh my God, I'm going to watch that again myself.
There you go.
But you can't play the audio because your thing is going to not going to last for 12 minutes, is that it?
No, I downloaded the video and I can play the audio.
From Keith Overman?
Yes.
Oh, we got to do that too.
Well, we got a lot of fish to fry here.
Hmm.
Trust me when I say that.
This is me.
You'll see what he'll say to me.
This is fine.
This is me.
God, bro, outside of the door was in the shipping.
Wait, those aren't ropes?
Ben, I'm six.
Oh, huge stuff is hanging from the ash, and eating a number of dead in the field.
Oh, it's both in the flames.
It's both in the flames and outside of the stinger, all times the falling and climbing in the past.
You can play.
Corners and porkatters and rather the falling and the falling, that's all the fun between all the animals.
And the world of monsters and the cats are just the world.
Oh, 400 feet of sky came to 20,000 feet of fire and then you're spiking in the clasping of the ground.
Oh, and you're mad at me.
Oh, there's a lot of technology.
Well, the project is occurring in the main stinger, live by fire and snakes.
I cannot talk in the field.
There's a stinger on my neck.
I've been burned in flames.
I'm just having to stop.
This is the worst thing I've ever witnessed.
Well, it's here.
I'm sure you've seen that clip.
Yes, it is.
I'm watching the Keith Obernman thing right now.
Yeah, we're just going to say, speaking of clips, nice job, Eric.
Right under the pool, we got 920 votes.
By the way, we'll make a thousand again.
920.
But right under that, there's your divorcing in Sunday, Bloody Sunday.
Just click on that and have a few chuckles.
And under that, overmen the nexus of politics and terror.
That is one of the best segments I've ever seen in the history of your life.
You're watching it?
I'm watching it now.
Well, I had to stop it.
You know, we came back to the break.
Well, yeah, because you're going to have to play the audio.
And I'm going to shoot it back up so that I could do something.
You screwed it back up?
Yes, I did.
But I got to finish my article here, though, by Emil Christians in the former CIA guy.
And he called her.
He said, whatever these polls is closer to the truth, it would seem that there's considerable support for making a major political issue with a subject.
They should be worked on at two different levels.
At the first level, the objective should be a long term centered on making a maximum effort to find out who the individuals and groups are that carried out the attacks in New York and Washington.
Then these people should be tried in an international court, and if possible, convicted and punished for causing so many deaths.
Such a trial accompanied by actual change in the US policies would show that some people on this globe are at least trying to move closer to more just and decent behavior and human relationships around the world.
At the second level, the short term that the tang should be to immediately set to work as hard as is humanly possible to defeat an nation's congressional election, any candidate who refuses to support a no-holds bar investigation,
and not in love with the Congress, or a high level international court.
No more evidence than is now available as needed in order to begin this process.
A manageable volume of carefully collected and analyzed evidence is already at hand on both items one and two above.
Such evidence should be used right now to buttress charges that elements within the Bush administration, as well as possibly other groups for an ordomistic, were involved in a massive fraud against American people, or fraud that has led to many thousands of deaths.
This charge of fraud, if proven, involves a much greater crime against American people, and people of the world, and any other charges of fraud connected to the run-up to the invasion of Iraq in March 2003.
It is a charge that we should not sweep under the rug because what is happening in Lebanon, Gaza, Iraq, Syria, and Iran seems more pressing and overwhelming.
It's a charge that's more important because it's all related to all of the areas just mentioned, after all the events of 9-11 have been used by this administration, just to fight every single aspect of U.R.S. foreign policy in the Middle East since 9-11.
It is a charge that's more important also because it affects the very core of our entire political system. If proven is a conspiracy so far successful, not only against the people of the U.S. but against the entire world.
Finally, it's a charge to important to ignore simply because the U.S. government refuses to discuss it. We must force the Bush administration to discuss it.
Discussions aggressively push day after day about what really happened in I-11 will be one of the most important tasks between now and early November.
Such discussions can, one hopes, provide progressives with a way to jolt voters out of their apathy and willingness to support the status quo that they think gives them security.
And encourage more voters to stop supporting Bush the Republicans and the wildly democratic politicians who might as well be Republicans.
A major issue like this already supported by many voters may prove especially important in a congressional election year when new uncertainties in the Middle East, new possibilities of terrorism against the U.S. retaliation for recent large scale acts of Israeli-U.S. terrorism and Gaza in Lebanon.
And a corrupt, almost single party U.S. political system combined to make it more likely that support is a bushel retain their majority this November.
In terms of electoral impact, it would not matter whether heavy publicity did in fact force the administration to accept a new high-level investigation of non-level events.
Initially, the principal goal would be to contribute heavily to the defeat of both Republicans and Democrats who refuse to support wholeheartedly a major new investigation by Congress or an international court.
This might result in the defeat of more Republicans than Democrats in November, but ultimately the hope for a goal should be the end of a system in which Democrats are barely different from Republicans along with cut facts in the political power of wealth and the foreign and domestic lobbies paid for by wealth.
These are the dominant features of our systems, they that have practically eliminated meaningful democracy in the U.S. The failure of democracy has happened before in U.S. history, but this time it has likely last longer.
At least in the U.S. policies begin to pay as much attention the needs of the world as they do to selfish or throttless needs of the U.S. and its military industrial complex.
Attacks on the criminal events surrounding 9-11 might speed this process.
Virtually no members of Congress, Democratic or Republican will relish calling for further investigation of 9-11.
For right now, in addition to other motives, the issue should be used to go after those political prostitutes among elected officeholders who should also be defeated because they're so easily seduced by money and power to vote for immoral wars against Republicans.
At the Los Angeles meeting of the American scholars symposium, one of the main speakers, Webster Tarpley, summarizes own views on the events of 9-11.
He emphasized that neo-confacious madmen had perpetrated the 9-11 myth.
He went on to say the most important thing is that the 9-11 myth is the premise on the root of the Afghanistan war and the Iraq war and the coming of tech on Iran.
We must deprive the myths perpetrators of the ability to standpede and manipulate hundreds of millions of people with their cynically planned terrorist events.
Let's give Webster Tarpley another mistakenly labeled conspiracies to elaborate in the world in this for so long, three years.
That's it. This is by former senior official of the CIA, not just by some...
Yeah, yeah, here's a black hole.
Yeah, we're more like that than one of those.
Yeah, right.
God.
1223, my God, I feel like I've been here for 15 hours already.
We've saved the world with ball games, man. Marlon game tonight, Marlon's in the Dodgers.
Preceded by, of course, some of the proudest radio in the history of South Florida, make no mistake about it.
That's where you see some arm-truck ball problems to crow.
934 votes, we're going to make the thousand easy.
I was starting to get a little bit panicky there for just a second.
You know what I mean? You know me.
Oh, yeah. Panic man.
Paul Krugman writes in the New York Times, you talked about this yesterday?
I mentioned it.
What was in yesterday's paper, but of course I was non- Yesterday, and I'm sure you didn't read it.
No.
Because you don't say, you know, you've got some good callers that you take.
Right.
Right.
And what's the other one now?
Hi, Ron.
Hi.
Probably John Bond, but no, you know.
And then there's always Enron.
Oh, yeah.
Paul Krugman, hoping for fear, he said just two days after 9.11, I learned from congressional staffers
that Republicans on Capitol Hill were already exploiting the atrocity, trying to use it to push through text cuts for corporations in the wealthy.
I wrote about the subject the next day, warning that politicians who wrapped themselves in the flag while relentlessly pursuing their usual partisan agenda are not through patriots.
The response from readers was furious.
Feury, not after politicians, but of me for suggesting that such an outrage was even possible.
How can I say that to my young son, to make it one angry correspondent?
I wonder what he says to us on these days.
We now know from the very beginning the Bush administration and its allies in Congress saw the terrorist threat not as a problem to be solved, but as a political opportunity to be exploited.
The story of the latest terror plot makes the administration's fecklessness and cynicism on terror clearer than ever.
Fecklessness, the administration is always pinched pennies when it comes to actually defending America against terrorist attacks.
Now we learn that terrorism experts have known about the threat of liquid explosive for years, but that the Bush administration did nothing about that threat until now,
and tried to divert funds from programs that might have helped protect us.
As the British terror plot was unfolding reports to the Associated Press, the Bush administration quietly tried to take away $6 million that was supposed to be spent this year developing new explosive detection technology.
Cynicism, Republicans have consistently portrayed their opponents as weak on terrorism, if not actually in sympathy with the terrorist.
Remember the 2002 TV ad in which Senator Max Cleenland and Georgia was pictured with Osama bin Laden and Saddam Hussein?
Now we have Dick Cheney suggesting that the voters in the Democratic Primer and Connecticut were lending aid and comfort to our counter-tikes. There they go again.
More fecklessness and maybe more cynicism too. NBC reports that there was a dispute between the British and Americans over when to make arrest in the latest plot.
Since the alleged plotters were not ready to go, they hadn't purchased airline tickets yet, and some didn't even have passports yet.
British officials wanted to watch and wait hoping to gather more evidence, but according to NBC, the Americans insisted on early arrests.
Suspricions that the Bush administration might have had political motives in wanting the arrest made prematurely are fed by memories of events two years ago.
The Department of Homeland Security declared a terror alert just after the Democratic National Convention shifting the spotlight away from John Kerry, and according to Pakistani intelligence officials blowing recover of a mole inside Al Qaeda.
But whether or not there was something fishy about the timing of latest terror announcement, there was the question of whether the administration's scared tactics will work.
If current polls are any indication, Republicans are on the verge of losing control of at least one House of Congress, and on every issue other than terrorism and Homeland Security says new week about it in its latest poll, the Democrats can win.
Can lastment of effort to make a big splash on terrorists to evoke electoral disaster?
Many political analysts think it will, but even on terrorism and even after the latest news, polls give Republicans at best a slight advantage, and Democrats are finally doing what they should have done a long time ago, calling and file on the administration's attempt to take part as an advantage of the terrorist threat.
It was significant both that President Bush felt obliged to defend himself against that accusation in the Sunday radio address, and that his standard defense attacking a straw man declaring that there should be no disagreement about the dangers we face came off sounding so weak.
Above all, many Americans now understand the extent to which Mr. Bush abused the trust the nation placed in the aftermath of 9-11.
Americans no longer believe that he's someone who will keep them safe as many, even in 2004, the pathetic response to Hurricane Katrina and the disaster in Iraq have seen to that.
All Mr. Bush and his party can do at this point is demonize their opposition, and my guess is that the public won't go for it.
That Americans are fed up with leadership that has nothing to hope for but fear itself.
What a great line. Nothing to hope for but fear itself. That's an FDRB proud.
Now you're going to play that Keith Overman thing in a couple of minutes here, so just with, with, with, believe, just don't breed too hard your computer might like losing.
This is Neil Rogers.
I did work if I had the chance find out what's the little tight round dance.
You feel your still and secretly shy.
It's perfect to see that you let me try.
You feel it for it. You are tonight. I know what I've got for you to overnight.
You feel your still and secretly shy.
I want to find out what brought into the meeting.
You feel it for it. You found a path. Don't ever let it happen. No more.
So let me ask you this. What can Bradley do for you?
Oh, where did we start?
1233-27 before one. Curtis Stevenson and two, no relation to Adelaide.
And then we got Guilty.
That's four. Well, that's where it goes.
Okay. Now if you got that, thank you to Keith Overman.
Yes, I do.
Who does count down on MSNBC. Probably the best news-oriented show.
I also would lot of humor every night, eight to nine, Monday through Friday.
And last night he just, I think he had to jackpot.
Okay, roll it. Roll it.
I don't hear it.
Oh, I know. I got a big delay going on. Hang on.
George is rolling one.
The term we employ is the nexus of politics and terror.
It does not imply that there is no terror.
But it also does not deny that there is politics.
And it refuses to assume that counter-terror measures in this country
are not being influenced by politics.
Our third story on the count down the basis of all this at heart.
Remarks made on May 10, 2005 by a former Bush administration official discussing the old color-coded terror threat warning system.
More often than not, he said, we were the least inclined to raise it.
Sometimes we disagreed with the intelligence assessment.
Sometimes we thought even if the intelligence was good,
you don't necessarily put the country on alert.
There were times when some people were really aggressive about raising it.
And we said, for that, the speaker was the first secretary of Homeland Security Tom Rich.
In the light of those remarks and his criticism this week of the vice president for politicizing terror in the context of the Connecticut senatorial primary,
it is imperative that we examine each of the coincidences of timing since 2002, including the one last week,
in which excoriating comments by leading Republicans about leading Democrats just happened to precede
arrests in a vast purported terror plot.
Arrests that we now know were carried out on a timeline requested not by the British nor necessitated by the evidence,
but requested by this government.
We introduced these coincidences to you exactly as we did when we first compiled this top 10 lists.
After the revelation that the announced threats to New York subway system last October had been wildly overblown.
And we do so by reminding you and ourselves here that perhaps the simplest piece of wisdom in the world is called the logical fallacy.
Just because event A occurs and then event B occurs, that does not automatically mean that event A caused event B.
But neither does it say the opposite.
The nexus of politics and terror, please judge for yourself.
Number one, May 18, 2002.
The first details of the president's daily briefing of August 6, 2001 are revealed, including its title,
being Rodden determined to strike in U.S. The same day, another memo is discovered, revealing the FBI,
new of men with links to Al Qaeda, training at an Arizona flight school.
The memo was never acted upon.
Questions about 9-11 intelligence failures are swirling.
May 20, 2002.
Terror warnings from the highest levels of the federal government tonight are two days later.
FBI director Muller declares that another terrorist attack is inevitable.
Tonight there are even more warnings that have caught the motor part of Homeland Security issues warnings of attacks against railroads nationwide and against New York City landmarks like the Brooklyn Bridge and the Statue of Liberty.
Number two, Thursday, June 6, 2002.
I never really anticipated this kind of impact.
Carrying Raoul, the FBI agent, who tried to alert her superiors to the specialized flight training taken by Zakarious Musali, whose information suggests the government missed a chance to break up the 9-11 plot.
Testifies before Congress.
Senate Intelligence Committee Chair Graham says Raoul's testimony has inspired similar pre-9-11 whistleblowers.
Monday, June 10, 2002.
Four days later.
We have disrupted an unfolding terrorist plot.
Speaking from Russia, a 30-gen general John Ashprop reveals that an American named Jose Padilla is under arrest accused of plotting a radiation bomb attack in this country.
In fact, Padilla had by this time already been detained for more than one month.
Number three, February 5, 2003.
Secretary of State Powell tells the United Nations Security Council of Iraq's concealment of weapons, including 18 mobile biological weapons laboratories, justifying a UN or US first strike.
Many in the UN are doubtful.
Months later, much of the information proves untrue.
February 7, 2003.
Two days later, as anti-war demonstrations continue to take place around the globe.
Takes some time to prepare for an emergency.
Homeland Security Secretary Ridge cites credible threats by al-Qaeda and raises the terror alert level to orange.
Three days after that, fire administrator David Paulison, who would become the acting head of FEMA after the Hurricane Katrina disaster.
Advises Americans to stock up on plastic sheeting and duct tape.
That would protect themselves against radiological or biological attack.
Number four, July 23, 2003.
The White House admits that the CIA, months before the President's State of the Union address, expressed strong doubts about the claim that Iraq had attempted to buy uranium from Niger.
On the 24th, the Congressional report on the 9-11 attacks is issued.
It criticizes government at all levels.
It reveals an FBI informant had been living with two of the future hijackers.
It concludes that Iraq had no link to al-Qaeda.
28 pages of the report are redacted.
On the 26th, American troops are accused of beating Iraqi prisoners.
July 29, 2003.
Three days later, amid all of the negative headlines.
Word of a possible new al-Qaeda attack.
Homeland Security issues warnings of further terrorist attempts to use airplanes with suicide attacks.
Number five, December 17, 2003.
9-11 Commission co-chair Thomas Cain says the attacks were preventable.
The next day, a federal appeals court says the government cannot detain suspected radiation bomber Jose Padilla indefinitely without charges.
And the chief U.S. weapons inspector, Interact, Dr. David Kay, who has previously announced he has found no weapons of mass destruction there, which announces he will resign his votes.
December 21, 2003.
Four days later, the Sunday before Christmas.
Today, the United States government raised the national threat level.
Homeland Security again raises the threat level to orange, claiming credible intelligence of further plots to crash airliners into U.S. cities.
Subsequently, six international flights into this country are canceled after some passenger names, purportedly produced matches on government no fly lists.
The French later identified those matched names.
One belongs to an insurance salesman from Wales, another to an elderly Chinese woman, a third to a five-year-old boy.
Number six, March 30, 2004.
The new chief weapons inspector, Interact Charles Dulfur, tells Congress we have still not found any WMD in that country.
And, after weeks of having refused to appear before the 9-11 Commission, Condoleezza Rice relents and agrees to testify.
On the 31st, four Blackwater U.S.A. contractors working in Iraq are murdered.
Their mutilated bodies dragged through the streets and left on public display in pollution.
The role of civilian contractors in Iraq is now widely questioned.
April 2, 2004.
The FBI has issued a new warning tonight of Homeland Security issues of bulletin warning that terrorists may try to blow up buses and trains using fertilizer and fuel bombs, like the one detonated in Oklahoma City.
Bombs stuffed into satchels or double bags.
Number seven, May 16, 2000.
Secretary of State Powell appears on Meet the Press.
Moderator Tim Russell closes by asking him about the enormous personal credibility Powell had placed before the UN in laying out a case against Saddam Hussein.
An aide to Powell interrupts the question.
Saying the interview is over.
I think that was one of your staff, Mr. Secretary. I don't think that's appropriate.
I can't handle it that way.
Powell finishes his answer, admitting that much of the information he had been given about weapons of mass destruction in Iraq was...
inaccurate and wrong, in some cases, deliberately misleading.
On the 21st, new photos showing mistreatment of Iraqi prisoners at Abu Hurayb Prison are released. On the 24th, associated press video from Iraq confirms US forces mistakenly bombed a wedding party killing more than 40.
Wednesday, May 26, 2004.
Two days later.
Good afternoon.
Attorney General Ashcroft.
Today, an FBI director Mueller warned that intelligence from multiple sources indicates al-Qaeda's specific intention to hit the United States hard.
And that 90% of the arrangements for an attack on the United States were complete.
The color-coded warning system is not raised.
The Homeland Security Secretary, Tom Ridge, does not attend the announcement.
Number eight, July 6, 2004.
Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, select Senator John Edwards as his vice presidential winner, producing a small bump in the election opinion polls and producing a huge swing in media attention towards the Democratic campaign.
July 8, 2004.
Two days later, credible reporting now indicates that al-Qaeda is moving forward with its plans to carry out a large-scale attack in the United States.
Homeland Secretary Ridge, who does you want to information about al-Qaeda attacks during the summer or autumn, four days after that, the head of the US Election Assistance Commission, deforest B. Sorey Jr. confirms he has written to Ridge about the prospect of postponing the upcoming presidential election in the event it is interrupted by terrorist acts.
Number nine, July 29, 2004.
At their party convention in Boston, the Democrats formally nominate John Kerry as their candidate for president.
As in the wake of any convention, the Democrats now dominate the media attention over the subsequent weekend.
August 1, 2004.
Monday morning, three days later.
Data is as reliable as the group of sharpsons we've ever seen before.
The Department of Homeland Security raises the alert status for financial centers in New York, New Jersey, and Washington to ARCH.
The evidence supporting the warning, reconnaissance data left in a home in Iraq later proves to be roughly four years old and largely out of date.
Number 10, October 6, 2005.
Number 10, October 6, 2005.
The President addresses the National Endowment for Democracy once again emphasizing the importance of a war on terror and insisting his government has broken up at least ten terrorist plots since 9-11.
At 3pm, Eastern Time, five hours after the President's speech has begun.
The Associated Press reports that Karl Rove will testify again to the CIA leak grand jury.
And that special prosecutor, Fitzgerald, has told Rove he cannot guarantee that he will not be indicted.
Or awaiting a news conference at the bottom of the hour in New York City at 5-17pm Eastern Time.
Seven hours after the President's speech has begun, New York officials disclose a bomb threat to the city's subway system based on information supplied by the federal government.
A Homeland Security spokesman says the intelligence upon which the disclosure is based is of doubtful credibility.
And it laid off for this.
The New York City had known of the threat for at least three days and had increased police presence in the subways long before making the announcement at that particular time.
Local New York television station WNBC reports it had the story of the threats, days in advance of the announcement, but was asked by high ranking federal officials in New York and Washington to hold off on its story.
Less than four days after having revealed the threats, Mayor Michael Bloomberg of New York says since the period of the threat now seems to be passing, I think over the immediate future we'll slowly be winding down the enhanced security.
While news organizations ranging from the New York Post to NBC News, the post sources who say there was reason to believe the informant who triggered the warning simply made it up.
A senior US counterterrorism official tells the New York Times, quote, there was no there.
In all fairness, as we observed last October and we observe again tonight, we could possibly construct a similar timeline of terror events and warnings and their relationship to the opening of new chain stores around the country.
But it merely a reasonable case could be made that any of these juxtapositions of events are more than just coincidences, especially the one last week in which terror policy was again injected directly into a political race.
It underscores the need for questions to be asked in this country.
Questions about what is prudence and what is fear mongering?
All right.
How do you like that?
I like it a lot.
I know you would. Okay, it's already 1247, so the message is...
Be afraid. Be very afraid.
This is Meele Rock. I'm dying out of here.
He's 569 AS.
I'm sorry, Sally.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Hey, man.
I never got a word.
How to draw.
You can't use your stuff.
Let me tell you how to get draw.
Just look at hissi print.
Get it fast.
Hey, man.
Get it fast.
Get it fast.
Now get it.
Now get it.
Everybody's up there with the earth and we do everything
You thought while it's made up you exist
It's gonna get this into your dreams
It's gonna get crazy
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, that's the best athlete for me
Hey, Tommy, I'm the boy
Oh, fast
Hacksah hoist palying, it's a look at that
Thousand four votes on a pool
Correct them. All right, we did it, we killed them
Aren't you excited?
Go, I'll kill them out
That Keith Goldman said, isn't it, Dave?
That lucky thing, though, I saw that last night I caught it
Yes, it was very lovely
It was pretty profound, yes it was
Too bad that most of the people out there
Still worried about where that guy peed
Where he shouldn't have, yeah
So where did he?
You have to read it
Andrew Gumball and Donald McIntyre
In the independent UK, now that's the end of the independence
Is my favorite newspaper?
That's it, you said
America's one eye view of war
Star Strikes and the star of David
Says there are two sides to where we conflict
Unless you rely on the US media for information about the battle of Lebanon
Viewers have been fed a diet of partisan coverage
Which treats Israel like as the good guys
And their hispilite enemy as the incarnation of evil
They write, if these were normal times
The American view of the conflict of Lebanon might look something like the street scenes that have electrified the suburbs of Detroit for the past four weeks
In Dearborn, home to the Ford Motor Company
Also the highest concentration of Arab Americans in the country
Up to a thousand people are turned out day after day to express their outrage
At the Israeli military campaign and more than lost a civilian like in Lebanon
At one protest in late July, 15,000 people
Almost half of the local Arab American population
Shored up in a sea of Lebanese flags along with anti-Israeli and anti-Bush slogans
A few miles to the north and the heavily Jewish suburb of Southfield
Where I used to live by the way
The congregation sharies at Ex-Cinigog as played host to passionate counter protest
In which the US and Israeli national anthems are played back to back
And demonstrators have asserted that it is Israel's survival not Lebanon's that's at stake here
Such as the normal exercise of free speech in an open society
One might think, but these are not normal times
The Detroit protests have been tinned with paranoia and just a viable fear on both sides
Several Jewish institutions in the area, including two community centers and several synagogues
If hired private security guards in response to an incident in Seattle in the July
In which a mentally unstable 30-year-old Muslim walked into a Jewish Federation building
And opened fire killing one person and drew five others
On the Arab American side many have expressed reluctance to stand up and be counted among the protesters
For fear of being tinned by association with his vela, which is on the US list of terrorist organizations
As a result, the voices heard during the protests tend to be the more extreme ones
They don't like to discuss their political views in any public forum
Following the revelation a few months ago that the national security agency was wiretapping phone calls and email exchanges
As part of the Bush administration's so-called war on terror
They're even afraid to donate money to help the civilian victims of the war in Lebanon because of the intense scrutiny
Islamic and Arab charities have been subjected to since the 9-11 attacks
The Bush administration has denounced 40 charities worldwide as financiers of terrorism
And arrested and deported dozens of people associated with them
Consequently, while Jewish charities such as the United Jewish communities are busy raising 300 million
Dollars to help families affected by the Kutusha rockets raining down on northern Israel
Donations to the Lebanese victims have come in at no more than a trickle
Outside Detroit and a handful of other cities with sizable Arab-American populations
It's hard to detect that there are two sides to the conflict at all
The dearborn protests have received almost no national attention
And when they have it's usually been to denounce the participants as extremists and apologists for terrorism
Either because they voice support for his blower because they've carried banners in which the star of David is at the center of the Israeli flag replaced by swastika
The media in more generally has left little doubt in the minds of majority of American news consumers
That the Israelis are the good guys, he agreed victims, while his blower is an incarnation of the same evil responsible for bringing down the World Trade Center
A heartless and faceless organization whose destruction is so important
It can justify all the damage Israel was inflicting on Lebanon and civilians
The point is not that this viewpoint is necessarily wrong, the point, and this is what distinguishes the West from every other Western country and its attitude to the conflict, is that it is presented as a foregone conclusion
Not only is there no next to no debate, but the debate itself is considered unnecessary and suspect
The 24 hour cable news stations are the worst defenders, Rupert Murdoch's Fox News has had reporters running around northern Israel chronically every rocket attack
And every Israeli mobilization but has shown little or no interest in anything happening on the other side of the border
It is a rarity on any of the cable channels to see any Arab being tapped for an expert opinion on the conflict
A startling amount of airtime, meanwhile, is given the likes of Michael D. Evans and end of the world's biblical prophet with no credentials in the complexities of Middle Eastern politics
He has shown up on MSNBC and Fox Under the Label Middle East analyst
Fox's default analyst on this and many other issues has been the right wing provocateur and breast-selling author Ann Coder, whose main credential is to have opened opined days after 9-11
that what America should do to the Middle East is invade their countries, kill their leaders and convert them to Christianity
Often the coverage has been hysterical and distasteful
In the days following the Israeli bombing of Kana, several pro-Israeli bloggers started spreading a hoax story that his beloved had engineered the event or staged managed it by placing dead babies in the rubble for the purpose of misleading reporters
Oliver North, the Reagan era orchestrator of the Iran counter-affair, who is not a right-wing TV and radio host, and Michelle Malcon, a sharp-tongued Bush administration cheerleader who runs her own web-log, appeared on Fox News to give credence to the hoax before the Israeli army came forward to take responsibility and brought them out of release to partial clothes
As the conflict has gone on, the median interpretation of it is only hardened
Essentially, the line touted by Kivalry News host and their correspondence closely adhering to the line adopted by the Bush administration and its neo-consupporters
is that his boss, part of a giant anti-Israeli and anti-American terror network, that also includes Hamas, Al-Qaeda, the governments of Syria and Iran and the insurgents that Iraq
The little effort is made to distinguish between these groups or explain what their goals might be, the conflict is presented as a straight fight between good and evil, in which US interests and Israeli interests intersect almost completely
Anyone who suggests otherwise is likely to be punched on and ripped to shreds
When John Dingo, a Democratic congressman from Michigan, with a large Arab-American population in his constituency, gave an interview suggesting was wrong for the West to take sides, instead of pushing for an end of violence, he was quickly and loudly accused of being a Hezbollah apologist
Newt Gingrich, the Republican former House Speaker, accused him of failing to draw any moral distinction between Hezbollah and Israel
Russia Limbaugh, the popular conservative talk show host Pavel Induom, and as did the conservative newspaper The Washington Times, the Times was later forced to admit it, quoted Dingo out of context, and reprinted his full words including, I can dim Hezbollah as everyone else for the violence
The hysteria is extended into the realm of domestic politics, especially since this is a congressional election year, Republicans have talked to the pic last week's primary defeated Democratic Senator Jewelie Raman of Connecticut, one of the loudest cheerleaders for the Iraq war
If some sort of wacko-experienced anti-Semite anti-Israeli stand, the risks endermany undermining national security
Vice President Dick Cheney said Lieberman's defeat would encourage out hadotypes, the thing they can break the world of the Americans
The fact that the man who beat Lieberman, Ned Lamont, is an old-fashioned East Coast wasp, who was a registered Republican much of his life, is something Mr. Cheney chose to overlook
Part of the Republican strategy this year is to attack any media they need to attack them, or has the temerity to report facts to cover the official party line
Thus when Reuters was forced to withdraw a photograph of Beirut under bombardment, because one of its stringers had doctored the image to increase the black smoke, it was a chance to rip into the news agency over its efforts to be even handed
In a typical article, Michal Malkin denounced Reuters as a new service that seems to have made its mark rubber stamping for Hezbollah propaganda
She was not the only one to take that view, mainstream even liberal publications have echoed her line
Tim Rutten, the Los Angeles Times Liberal Media Critic, denounced the obscene anti-Israeli tenor of most of the European and world press in his most recent column
It's not just the US media which tilts in a pro-Israeli direction, Congress too is remarkably unified and it's support for the Israeli government, and politicians more generally understand that to criticize Israel is to risk jeopardizing their future careers
When Antonio Velgera-Groza, the up-and-coming Democratic mayor of Los Angeles, was first invited to comment on the Middle East crisis
He sounded notes so pro-Israeli that he was forced to apologize to local Muslim and the Arab community leaders
There is far less public debate of Israeli policy in the US, in fact then there is an interview itself
This is less of a reflection of American Jewish opinion, which is more diverse than it suggested in the media, than it is a commentary on the power of pro-Israeli lobby groups like APAC
The American Israel Public Affairs Committee, which bank rules pro-Israeli congressional candidates, that in turn is frustrating for liberal Jews like Michael Lernera San Francisco Rabbi, who heads an anti-war committee called Takun
Rabbi Lerner has tried to argue for years that it is an Israel's best interest to reach a peaceful settlement and demonizing Arabs as terrorists is kind of productive and against Judaism
Lerner is probably right to assert that when he speaks for a large number of American Jews, only half of whom are affiliated with pro-Israeli lobbying organizations
Certainly, dinner party conversation in heavily Jewish cities like New York suggests, misgivings about Israel's strategic aims, even if there are some consensus that his block cannot be allowed to strike with impunity
Few of any of those misgivings have entered the US media, there is no major figure in American political life who has been willing to raise the issue with legitimate needs of the Palestinian people
We even talk about them as human beings learners say, the organized Jewish community is transformed the image of Judaism into a cheering squad for the Israeli government, whatever its policies might be, that is just idolatry and goes against all the warnings in the Bible about giving too much power to the king or the state
Or even to...
Be oh God!
You're too old!
Or to Larry King, huh?
Don't be knocking Israel now if you value your career.
Such as it is.
Got over a thousand votes man, I think we got a shot of close to a love of 100, don't you?
I think so.
That was in 2018, we got a shot.
As Jimmy Johnson said, remember that?
Oh yeah.
So how has Dadi Kullspepper doing by the way, Josh?
He got in a couple plays, you know?
A couple plays?
What do you mean by that?
I think he's doing better than Ricky Williams did here.
Hey Ricky!
113 at 560 WKH, we got to get a little sports stuff in here though, because you know we're on the wrong station for all this serious crap.
We don't want to get too newsy.
And then why are you going to be sure and get all your callers on now?
Honey!
The do-run run.
Hey Stokes continues to be South Florida's top cigar shop with one of the broadest inventories containing an amazing outstanding unbeatable selection of over a thousand open boxes of cigars, including a lot of names that you know and love like Pradomo,
Aston VSG, Arturo Fuente, Padrone, Monte Cristo, Romeo and Juliet and lots more and special hard to find an obscure cigar as they won't find it almost any other cigar shop.
Buy your premium Stokes for the price of second and stay while enjoy your smooth smoke at Stokes Wine Lounge featuring Pierre Andre, a hundred percent peanut in the wire and lots of other fine wines from all around the world.
In fact can't you just see on his last breath on his deathbed?
There's Fidel with a big fat Stokey from Stokey.
Can you see that?
I can see it now.
Soon I'm sure.
You'll find Stokes in 1612 North Candle Drive just a half mile east of exit 20 off the turn, pike open every day, seven days a week for your smoking dancing pleasure.
Call today to reserve your favorite cigar as it's Stokes 305-598-9820.
How's Joey Cardoom, by the way?
305-598-9820.
Don't forget to say hi to Mario and the girl Sandra and Heather and get your free cigar when you stop into Stokes at 1612 North Candle Drive.
Be sure and tell me old pipe smokers sent you by.
This is Neil Roger.
Neil God!
This is 516-2-A-S.
Already have a homosexual relationship with Neil so I might as well have one with you too.
And now the show is the antidote to those liberal media distortions of our government.
It's the West Texas Wing.
Morning Dick!
You wanted to see me Mr. President?
Yeah, we got to get more information on this big problem.
Oh, you mean his bowler?
No, not that.
Oh, then you must be talking about the never-ending war in Iraq.
Huh, huh.
North Korea?
No, something even bigger than that.
What problem are you talking about Mr. President?
Why didn't the CIA tell me Lance Bass was homosexual?
I always thought Justin was the gay one.
Come back next time for a fair and balanced,
especially conservative view of our government and action only on the West Texas Wing.
Bye, bye, bye!
118.
Well, it was a war.
Scared me.
Maybe we're spilling that the wrong way.
I think so.
Well, you thought that was the IQ?
Yeah, it was going to hit the thing in her.
It's going to come stuff.
Hey, listen, you can play that game.
Bye, bye, bye!
Keep you on the ISU or C.
Hey, well, listen, the last time I was on last Thursday,
I got out of here 50 minutes later.
I mean, we can go through there.
Because the worker upstairs severed everything.
They severed everything?
They were up on the roof doing something, and they...
Oh, my God!
It's a ship!
They're a cop!
They cut the connection for everything in the building.
Oh, did I tell you?
That's what I thought.
Now, I have no idea knowing what time that happened.
Was that when I was going into the break?
Yeah, it was close to it.
It was like at a quarter till.
Well, I'm not asking what time of day, but I'm just saying what part of that.
I think I was going into a break, and I couldn't hear a damn thing.
Right.
And then the phone rang.
Right.
Just like the phone rang this morning.
Yeah.
That's one great thing about that place, man.
Nothing ever changed.
Nothing will ever change.
As long as we have that silly S regime of little boys, little sports boys,
I'm sitting here for 50.
I was talking to you because I came in actually early.
So did you.
I had to stop and see.
I was talking to you.
And no, no, you were there because the program wasn't coming down.
Well, I was here 10 minutes before you heard me before I made that call.
Right.
Because I was running around here to have a hello.
Yeah.
And I'm doing hello on this end.
Is anybody there?
Are you out taking a doo?
So what's going on over there?
I'm flipping buttons.
I'm crawling in there.
And then, of course, it's because the QM sports nerds,
they have to keep coming in there and poshking around.
This was in the control room this time.
Well, wherever it is.
I thought they had no business being pressed.
You know, any position that had no business being changed, but nevertheless.
Right.
I think Gryper done it.
Probably.
W. David Jenkins, the turd,
and this is from Smirking Chimp, right?
Joe and Dick and that 33%.
Oh, sorry, Joyce.
Joe and f***ing.
Zany Cheney remarked that a recent GOP fundraiser that the violent fiasco in the Middle East
was all the more reason for voters to keep the current leadership in DCville intact,
come this November.
The only thing more bizarre than his remark is the fact that about 33% of American voters feel the same way.
You know the ones.
The people Einstein was referring to when he said,
insanity is doing the same thing over and over again, expecting different results.
You know, you have to hand it to old dead eye Dick.
Even in the face of mountain criticism from both his enemies and the neocon- conservative brigade,
he steadfastly maintains that Saddam Hussein had been lovin' more buddies,
and that we're doing just Marvie in Iraq.
He's a very own Baghdad bar, ignoring the explosions in the distance,
while telling us that everything is just fine.
Oh, we're fine.
Nearly a third of the country still tears him on.
This is also the same guy by the way who is telling us about the insurgency being in its death row as covered years ago.
Who the hell are these people?
This 33% sure you can find them on the right wing forums or watch them blow-veeating on television,
or hear them on the radio, yet they're next to impossible to find on the street.
For instance, at a rally for John Murtha a few weeks ago,
roughly 200 supporters came out to cheer for the congressman.
Meanwhile, across the street were params that does knew so people calling themselves veterans for truth,
who had turned out to cheer the Marine veteran turned congressman.
Here was a handful of folks who probably had more flags than the Americans on their vehicles,
than they had gas in the tank out to show John's town PA and the rest of us
that supporting the troops only applies to those who served blindly without questioning the fact that they've been lied to.
Obviously, like the swift vote vets for truth, these veterans are continuing the practice of confusing truth with smear.
Just like that amazing 33% group, they don't see the reality of their shrinking numbers,
and their little acts of public patriotism are just desperate examples of conservatives behaving badly.
These are the people who applaud Rush Limbaugh as he mocked those American families trapped in the middle of the war zone in Lebanon as they plead for help to escape.
They also believe his spurious remarks that those who want to end the occupation in Iraq are celebrating the torture and be heading to U.S. soldiers.
These are the same people who snuggle up to Anne Coder as she sings them lullabies about firing squats for newspaper editors, deportation of liberals, and carpet bombing of various countries.
And how about those shivers of delight they get when Mike Weiner, aka Michael Savage, compares liberalism to AIDS or to dropping bunker busters on the U.N.
Or how about, according to Weiner, is our cowie with sort of a Jesus figure to those who oppose the war in Iraq?
Well, the steady diet of such misinformation, hatred, and intolerance is no wonder we have this national malady manifested in the 33%ers.
And a coffee that is now known worldwide for illegal invasions, acts of torture, and spying on its own citizens, the 33% folks are still convinced that a stain on a certain blue dress is greater constitutional crisis than anything we face today.
So how does it come to defeat a political situation that's so desperate that it threatens the future of a once-gratin powerful nation?
Well, the folks in Connecticut took the first step in that direction last week.
The voters from that state sent a message to DCville.
If their representatives were going to keep supporting failed and deadly policy, then those representatives no longer deserve to speak for the majority.
August 8th was a stark and unsettling exercise in democracy, and in the same of us all, it was met with ugly and unpatriotic remarks from the White House and the guys of their media spokesperson.
The days immediately following Jolene Reminds well deserved defeat put the survey state of America's political affairs in the spotlight for the entire world of the city.
The vice president reached into his bag of campaign tricks from 04 and proclaimed that the results from the Connecticut primary would encourage al-Qaeda types.
He also recommended that it show the dangerous effects of extremists taking over the Democratic Party.
R&C Chairman Ken Melman stated that the Connecticut primary results reflected an unfortunate embrace of isolationism, defeatism and blame America first attitude by national Democratic leaders at the time when retreating from the world is especially dangerous.
The arrogance of leaders who spent six years telling the world to blow off while accusing unapproving leaders of isolationism is so naked in its audacity that it boggles the mind, but that's not the real kicker not by a long shot.
All the while that the Bush administration was blasting away folks revolting the wrong way and in monitoring Democrats in general for being weak in the war on terror, the Bush gang was sitting on important information for four days.
This information concerned the threat airliners and Britain into American passengers on route back to this country according to intelligence reports terrorists were planning to smuggle explosive liquids on board airliners headed back to the states.
The resulting detonations would allegedly produce an event that would dwarf the devastation we witnessed on 9-11.
And the Bush gang never said a word, never quietly stepped up security until four days after they knew, not until they could politicize a security threat to their benefit again.
But the 33%er still can't see it. Even though I can still get on a plane with a purist, there's a book of matches and a screwdriver that fam was lifted quite a while ago.
The fact that I won't have any water toothpaste or deodorant on the plane is a good reason to feel safe knowing that George and company are on the job.
Personally, I think I'd be more of a threat to my fellow passengers without the latter items, but oh well.
One quick aside about all this, if security officials are worried about all those explosive liquids and the consequences should they become mixed, why am I seeing all those confiscated items at the airport being thrown half-hazardly in the same trash.
I've been just wondering. Anyway, so here's where America stands or barely stands. According to those who lead us, we have the freedom to exercise our right to vote, as long as we vote for someone who will continue to enable them.
If we don't, then we're accused of waving the white flag and declaring Bin Laden's birthday as a national holiday.
We have leaders in power who claim that the Republican Party is the only one that will keep us safe from attack, even though the state government has stopped realizing the tools of international...
There's a total of international acts of terrorism, something about the number being sky-high since Bush took over.
Our leaders will certainly alert us and there will be any threats to our security here at home, unless the law will be politically advantageous to them.
And while our leaders in their 33% will remind us of the American soldiers dying every day in Iraq and Afghanistan to protect our freedoms, the same gang would happily take away or restrict those freedoms, and what happened in Britain is just one good reason why by Goli.
Of course, the fact that it was British and Pakistani intelligence that towarded the latest threat and not the result of Bush and companies anti-terrorist network need not be pointed out by anyone.
The fact is the polls to the talk on the street and other results in Connecticut prove that the majority of Americans are waking up and our mad is hell.
We're sick of death of being led by those who can offer nothing except fear itself.
We're tired of those who claim to represent us as the opposition while continuing to support the same mistakes made over and over and over again.
That second we can always show just how angry voters have become and just how low and un-American the Republican leadership is.
I have a feeling the next 12 weeks are going to get really nasty.
That is nasty.
That's Bush and Cheney.
Nasty.
We got a thousand and 38 votes.
We got a shot for a thousand and fifty.
Let's not push it too hard today, okay?
Who the hell is going to listen to us today anyway?
Ranting and maybe...
See, that's one I was so shocked almost.
I mean, Keith Obramins has been bashing Bush for a long time.
But the fact that the NBC actually has been upfront and coming out and talking about the fact that it was the Bush administration that pushed the UK to blow the cover on this whole deal.
Before they were ready.
Right.
And then, Obramins comes down to our last night and does that fabulous stuff.
Everybody out there, even though if you heard us play it before.
12-minute clip documenting all this series of so-called terror alerts.
Right. You want to see the video anyway because they flash back the news stories of the day.
Oh, he gives us all that.
It's like the memory of duct tape.
Right.
Yeah, that was a duct tape sound that we heard there.
You know, my heart kind of skipped a beat during that story.
Oh, yes.
It wasn't a hard sound.
No, no.
It was a duct tape fart.
Don't say that.
Back, you know, something you just came up by accident with a great idea.
I know what you're thinking.
Your voice would be ecstatic, man.
We could just take a duct tape, everybody.
Correct.
So there won't be any more fart sound.
Oh, that's not the idea that I had.
Oh.
I'm going to go get a roll of duct tape and record it.
I don't think so.
Okay.
You can call me as a witness, but I'll be reluctant to test it out.
28 after 1 at 560 WDQMA.
Going back to school can be a little rough for the kids and a good night's sleep is critical for the development of healthy minds.
If your kids are having trouble adjusting the school night bedtime,
and they simply be, they're on a crappy old mattress.
Time to replace it, man.
Call dial amatris, make that one easy call.
1 800 mattress like I've been doing for years.
And they do it all for you.
They come and take away the crappy smelling astral bending.
They set up the brand new one for you.
dial amatris can recommend a mattress for kids of any age.
Have a new bed delivered the date and time you choose seven days a week from 8 in the AM to 10 p.m.
Just give dial amatris to tour window when it's convenient for you or the kids or whoever's going to be sleeping on it.
And like magic, they show up on time every time.
They can even deliver your mattress the same day as you call.
So call 1 800 mattress right now and get the absolute best election of the top names in the mattress business.
Seely, service Simmons, King Coral, temperate again, even stirons and foster a hewitt.
Check for low prices online at mattress.com.
Or just sit there on your fat ass, save a lot of gas, time and sweat to make that one easy call.
Easiest piece of shopping you could ever do.
Call dial amatris 1 800 mattress, MATTRES leave off the last ass because it stands for.
Can I say ass again? It stands for stupendous sensational saving.
Hats.
Space meal Roger.
Welcome.
Miss.
Ace 516 2 a.m.
Casey, you're on QAM.
We don't have any national guards there because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now.
Not the National Guard.
Pardon?
Not the National Guard.
No National Guard in Iraq?
No, there's no National Guard.
No.
Absolutely.
Well, they stop you and you are driving drunk.
They cut you and you act just like a scum.
They book you and you make ethnic slaves.
Yes, the passion of the mail is for birds.
It's a feeling that we all have in our gut.
Everybody knows mail is nuts.
Where they take you to the station because you cry.
And you would think that you would be in crucifix.
They throw you in the tank to sleep it off.
And you act like they nailed you to a cross.
Hey, here's a key that they even kicked your butt.
Everybody knows mail is nuts.
Where they take you to the station because you cry.
But that is really no exception.
And all of us do find it rather odd.
Coming from the directive of God.
Yes, this thing would never make the final bell.
Because everybody knows mail is nuts.
134.26.2.5.60 WQAM.
Well, look at that.
2 to 2.35.
We got Jesse Agler.
That's exciting or what?
Okay.
And you want to know why Jesse is on for 35 minutes?
I give up.
Because tomorrow is a Marlin game.
Oh, yes.
You run a West Coast.
I don't understand that.
What's the deal tomorrow?
It's a new game in LA.
It's a 12-10.
I guess it's going to have to be.
Well, that's what it says.
3-10-R-10.
12-10.
Pacific time.
That must be a getaway time or something for travel.
Because I guess the Marlins are coming home with braves this coming weekend.
Oh, boy.
You going to go to those games?
No.
You're going to be listening to Dave Van Boren give his cyndulating a play by play?
Dave Van Horn, yes.
Give his cyndulating play by...
Okay.
Oh, here's a bad news.
This is enough to make you want to just...
Well, I mean, everything is enough to make you want to scream.
A lot of screamers out there.
Faaaaming!
About 300 Alaska-based soldiers sent home from Iraq just before their units deployment was extended last month.
Must now go back.
You're on my side yesterday.
Setting up a wrenching departure for troops and families who thought their service there was finished.
Surprise!
The soldiers off from the 170-second striker brigade, that's named after Jeff Striker, of course, fell to the Y.
Our among these 382 troops who had gotten home to Fort Wayne Wright, when Defense Secretary Ramisfeld, Hermann Gehring-Rumisfeld,
ordered the units to serve four more months.
The remaining unit will not have to return to Iraq.
Army officials have sent a team of personnel and pay experts to Alaska.
North to Alaska, to help store it out all this so I like Johnny Horton a lot.
He was pretty good.
Not as good as Tim Horton, who makes the hell of a much better donut from the grave.
Army officials have sent a team of personnel and pay experts to Alaska to help store it out all the soldiers' vacations.
School enrollments and other plans torn apart by the decision to return them to Iraq.
The unit is now being stationed in Baghdad, one of the most violent parts of the country.
Lieutenant Colonel Wayne Shanks, a service spokesman, said the Army fully realizes the hardships triggered by the move
and is bending over backward to accommodate their families.
The bulk of the 170 second brigade was still on Iraq when Ramisfeld extended the deployment.
As part of a plan to quality escalating violence in Baghdad, which of course by putting all those troops in Baghdad where all those violence is going on, you know what that is going to mean, don't you?
What?
That's going to mean we're going to make it to 3,000 lots of people in the later.
We go, it would pass 2,600 dead American troops this weekend, by the way, for those who were keeping track.
Another 300 soldiers from the unit had left Iraq and gotten to Kuwait and were about to board flight home when they were called back.
Surprise! Before Monday's announcement, the troops stood already returned home to Alaska and have been told that the decision on their offensive would be made only on a case by case.
How can any of these people still be in an office? That's the amazing question.
Randy Schultz and the Palm Beach post-write, he actually writes some good stuff now, and this is the second column he wrote that I read on the year.
He ought to be tickled pink, you know, should they be on a high price show like this?
Randy Schultz says when all else fails the GOP-Dows 9-1-1, it's an even numbered year and we're getting near labor day.
So what's predictable that the Bush administration and Republicans would exploit the four-old terrorism plot in the United Kingdom to save their political hides?
The campaign began Wednesday, a day after Senator Julie Broom had lost the Democratic Premier in Connecticut, knowing of the upcoming arrest in Britain, vice president Dick Cheney began the Democratic Agri.
He accused Democrats of wishing for return of the sort of pre-9-11 mindset in terms of how we deal with the world we live in.
On Thursday, the Republican leadership in the House began calling Democrats the Fido Kratz who want to stand aside in a global war on terror, the Fido Kratz.
Here is the Bush GOP logic to use the term loosely. Senator Lieberman embraced the White House's Iraq strategy to use the term loosely.
Iraq, Mr. Bush says, is the central front of the war on terror. So when Democrats reject the supporter of the war, the party is soft on terror.
It's bulk, of course, but Iraq 9-11 worked in 2002 when Republicans gained control of the Senate and in 2004 when Bush was reelected, alleged.
This year, especially, its all the GOP has. The president's pulled numbers, can't break 40 percent.
Ratings for Congress in general and Republicans in particular and the Dumper, ammos compared to political conditions with those in 94, when 52 seats shifted in the House and Republicans took control.
If you're a Republican, you're scared so you try to scare the country.
For five years, President Bush and his party have tried to convince Americans that they know better than Democrats how to protect the country and seek revenge for 9-11.
If that's the case, why did Mr. Bush say about some of the in-law than March 2002? I'm truly not that concerned about him.
Why did Mr. Bush shift the focus from Al Qaeda, which carried out 9-11, to Saddam Hussein, who wasn't involved in 9-11?
The problem with Democrats is not that they've been timid about fighting terrorism. The problem with Democrats is they've been timid about confronting President Bush on fighting terrorism.
In October 2002, he intimidated them so much that the debate over the Iraq resolution was anything but Bob Graham, then Florida senior senator, was one of the futile jacks, but he didn't do so as a sissy boy on terrorism.
Senator Graham voted no because this resolution is too timidly said. It's too limited, too weak. This resolution fails to recognize the new reality of the era of terrorism that war abroad will without a sort of security action, increase the prospects of terrorists to tax you at home.
In fact, the war in Iraq alone leaves Americans more vulnerable of threat that is facing us today, those international terrorist organizations that have the capability to reflect upon also repeat of the tragedy of 9-11. That's what Bobby Graham said.
As we saw last week, nobody in Iraq was behind the airline plot in Britain, suspicion went right to Al Qaeda and to what might be smaller al Qaeda copycats in wannabes.
At 135,000 American troops remain in Iraq at a cost of 2600 lives and $300 billion in rising, trying to stop Shiites from killing Sunnis.
Republicans in the House refer to Democrats as the cut and run caucus. Mr. Cheney says that to which weapon Iraq would be seen as a sign of weakness that would embolden the terrorists, President Bush said it's a mistake to believe that there's no threat to the USA.
Let's take those in reverse order.
No credible politician from either major party believes that terrorism is no longer a threat to the country. The absence of other domestic terrorists incidents have dulled the fear, but awareness remains especially after last week.
Mr. Bush's decision to invade Iraq has left the country weaker and not stronger. The army is stretched and drained. The real terrorism threats Iran has been on North Korea have grown stronger because we've been distracted by the mistake and decision to start a war in Iraq.
Among the cut and run caucuses retired Lieutenant General William Odom, director of the National Security Agency under Ronald Reagan. He wrote in the May-June issue of foreign policy magazine that getting out now may be our only chance to set things right in Iraq.
President Bush's half-right, Iraq is the central front, but in the war of politics not the war on the war of terrorism. Very good.
Pretty good article by Randy Schultz and the Pompey's prox, nice going Randy. Randy!
Hey, how are you?
How are you?
I'm sorry. 19-2 at QIS.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QA.
Yeah!
I'm sorry.
Okay, 147 Lances making the use to make the girls cry and how he makes the a boy's scream or something like that for the ice cream.
Do you?
Anyway, for ice cream, the human government released seven new pictures of Adele Castro yesterday. All of them showing the Cuban leader confined to bed during his birthday visit from Venezuela and President Hugo Tzavez.
Given the careful cultivation of Castro's image during his 40-70 year domination of Cuba, the pictures could be interpreted as further evident.
See, one thing that a lot of these, well, you know it already, a lot of the wishful thinking crowd in South Florida don't understand that 47 years is a very long time.
And that when people lived under a system and under a leader for a very long, and that's the only thing that they know.
Right.
See what I'm saying?
I do.
I know.
Yeah.
Thought about it often.
Anyway, the pictures could be interpreted according to the hero as further evidence that he remains critically ill and could suggest that he may not have had the strength Sunday to even sit in a chair in a chair.
Castro turned 80 on Sunday.
Well, unhappy birthday to his ass. How do you like that?
He was hospitalized in late July and for the meat, but a boot, but about several photos taken earlier and released Sunday, also showed an apparently fatigued Castro sitting in a chair.
Also on Sunday, the statement released in Castro named strongly hinted that his condition remains serious and his prognosis could be grim.
Remember Bob Grimpitch for the Yankees 120 games, I think in 1954, 20 and 6 in his work year.
But Israelis, by the way, shot and killed a five, a hisbola.
I just thought I mentioned that.
Well, good for them.
Yeah.
The hisbola didn't fire at them, but they came that they gave my menacing look.
I say, you know that look, that is the menacing.
Give my cook and take a look at that look.
The statement, see there are only two parts of duty in that I embrace.
One is the Yiddish, which is very amusing and probably the funniest language in the world.
And number two is dietary.
I mean, who could pass up a nice bowl, a nice plate of kishka, right?
Right.
A nice bowl of maceball soup.
Or of course, you know, just that one day a year at the forum.
There's delicious home entotion.
Toppy seeds, please.
Other than that, it's all the same crap.
You know, just pick your brand of poison out of your religion and start there.
Oh, but it's the spiritual side of life, you know?
Yeah.
Right.
Pala crap.
Here is one of my favorite stories of all time.
Do you want to heck him a job, Browning?
No, no, that article I read about the 33% from the guy at the Palm Beach Post.
That's something that's perfectly because the fact that this guy has still got a 33% approval rating
has got to be shocking, astonishing.
If it were 3%, it would be, you know, then you'd feel better about life.
Yeah, well, that's the face face.
God, you're not going to shake their face.
How about shake their booty?
Not either.
Oh my God.
But every single thing that this government has done for these, besides the only thing that
they do well is steal elections.
They do a fabulous job on that.
And this is the story about Katrina.
Heck up a job, Brownie.
And then Brownie turns around and does that interview and just rips him an ass.
I love that.
That was poetic justice, wasn't it?
That was beautiful.
That's what they get.
Maybe it's correct.
Female will replace locks on as many as 118,000 trailers used by Gulf Coast hurricane victims
after discovering the same key could open many of the mobile homes, which is always good
because if you go out and get bombed, you know, like Doug Josh or like Mel Gibson in your
stagger home, and maybe you're not in the right mobile home, but at least you keep
it open the door.
Hey, what's the big deal?
That's only a problem if all the trailers look the same.
Right.
Oh, I'm sorry.
That's all the trailer trailers look the same.
Yeah, that's it.
One manufacturer cut only 50 different kinds of keys for the trailers.
It sold a FEMA.
That means in a worst case scenario, one key.
One key could be used to unlock up to 10 mobile homes in a park of 500 trailers.
Well, that's only one out of 50.
Oh, yeah, what's the big deal?
Yeah, what's the big stimulus with that?
Oh, I don't like carrots, I miss.
Although I do love potato coogl.
And luxury and coogl.
FEMA officials said such a situation was unlikely, but they still moved to one storm
evacuees living in Louisiana and Mississippi trailer parks of the security risk.
Another great example of your tax dollars, how to work, just like all those billions and
billions of tax dollars used to be killing all those a racquet pin in the spy standards.
And almost four less beanies who got in the way there in Lesbanon.
That'll teach them.
That's right to support that his belong or attack Israel.
We are.
That's right.
The Lesbanese should never have attacked.
We are working aggressively to establish the extent of the problem and determine the best
solution for the safety and security of those who now reside in these trailer units.
Said Gil James, and Deputy Director of Gulf Coast Recovery for FEMA.
He said FEMA was asking residents to be extra vigilant and take precautions to secure
the trailer that they occupy.
As Sigourney Weaver once said, nice trailer.
Don't you love that scene?
That was a great scene.
Not as good as the head shop, but you know, still.
I beg your pardon?
Not as good as the scene in the head shop.
No, no.
I'm not comparing.
Right.
I like, well, for different reasons.
You know, we viewed these things through a different set of eyes.
But still.
See the end.
Yeah.
I like the scene in the end.
Even though it's corny, people say, oh gee, all of a sudden, everybody's a happy ending.
Well, not everything has to end like unhappy, you know?
Right.
And it wasn't all that happy anyway.
We don't know who was going to be who it was.
It was fine.
It gave you some hope.
Yeah, that's right.
Let's have a little bit of hope with all the other crap going on in the world.
That's a good movie.
Imaginary heroes.
Even Josh liked it.
That's surprising considering that.
Yeah.
Element.
I mean, that wasn't like an old movie.
Oh, yeah.
Well, you're probably not too happy about that.
But just remember, he like gay.
You are.
It figures.
What a line.
It figures.
What does that mean?
It's what it means to me.
It figures.
It figures.
Oh, that's funny.
Yeah.
Well.
And of course, who of the two of them who looked by far the switchier?
OK.
Oh, yeah.
There's no doubt.
This is a much boy.
What?
It's a thousand and a thousand and seventy one votes on the poll.
We're going to come close to one hundred a day.
And of course, this is like, you know, and why everybody's hiding under the bed.
That's not too bad.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is five sixty.
Oh, my God.
People all over the world are losing their damn.
I get off the lonely aircraft.
Enemy bombers approaching.
Flash.
The alert.
Ocean fire.
We got minors.
We got bombers.
Warning.
Warning.
Comtractors and martyrs.
We got profits.
I guess prices.
They're going up by six sets.
Improvised explosive devices.
We won't just do not get what it's all for.
I'm cautioning out this.
We should walk.
I love this door.
There's trouble from roughnecks who fight with their fists.
Go home, caliber.
Money, money, money.
We're going to see if you're a far your crazy or something.
We're more fond than Vietnam.
We got ours.
We got voters.
Do you think people will vote for me?
I guess.
All too angry to notice.
Everyone else will be dead and poor.
I love this war.
I'm dying.
I'm dying.
I'm dying.
I'm dying.
I'm dying.
I'm dying.
I'm dying.
I'm dying.
I'm dying.
I'm dying.
I'm dying.
I'm dying.
I'm dying.
I'm dying.
I'm dying.
I'm dying.
I'm dying.
I'm dying.
I'm dying.
I'm dying.
