Who's coming to the call with that?
Well, the call is whatever the chronics have a big problem with that. We get about 10 votes on that put around there, please
WQA am a chronic line. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Yes sir.
30 years of entertaining us
Bob third man and I happen to know for a fact that God only parts of the shower
Really when I fart in the shower? Let me seriously think God uses so for body wash
I
Use the party wash, but I could tell every time I fart in the shower my girlfriend says Jesus Christ
Yeah, so much must be the Lord must be a passing bad gas
Cutting the cheese. Well, you know that diet that they're reading back in the day because he you know that that would last supper
Was a Passover Seder and all that wine was drinking
All the man of shavots see a lot of pina bivalos as was mogen David
But I have it on very good authority a higher authority that was a man of shavots
Just like Hebrew National a higher three. They ever see those spots for the dog sure as a political sand
They'll give you some real little tear your guts out that's the Hebrew National
Eighth the a kosher hot dogs man. It's really good. It's a kosher for
Sohastura
All the fairy tales all the time. It's halal. Maybe it's halal
See that's a new one on me. I learned it and I know I noticed even on the Indian restaurants now can you explain that to me?
Because the Indians aren't Muslims. No, they're sick
And if you were
All the crew you'd be sick. Oh, there was a nice Indian kid their last night. It would fun a nice looking young guy
Well, I mean he had he smelled like he was you know how like Warren Kromardi the crow smells like he's taking a bath in cashmere
Okay, this kid smelled like he was rolling around in curry powder for about right? He was rolling in a hay with kid curry for a month
Oh, geez. Well, let's add all about you know that always right. You are what you eat. I think Charles Schultz invented that
You are what you eat. Remember that in peanuts?
No
But it's true and that's why a lot of these people have been asking that people with a very
One-dimensional diet they smell like that
By the way, I'm told we're we're back up on the string. Oh, I see the green light on there green light nice going
Engineering department you idiots you hey, you know, I don't care who you are
You're fair exactly there such a bunch of lung kids man and even Joe Bell knows that
I told him about what a great engineer we got here that you know it takes care of stuff when it needs to be taken care of when I'm not
They're doing it and he said oh maybe we can go get him down here or something like that
Another one was yep-yuck lines from Joe you know yep-yuck
Like that although payday is Friday and I understand that's been taken care of that's what Robert told me
Only the new deal is now when I get my check with Robert involvement
I've like 10% is taken out because he's a orthodox actually he's not orthodox is he just a low-key self-hating Jew
26 after 10 to 5 60 WQ where we got a whole new attitude baby in fact we can get that pomp and a park spot on if like
Steve Olfins and me some copy I'll do it to hell with the water Nazi to hell with Troy. I'll just do the spot
You know what I'm saying you might away fat boy. You're doing a hell of a job
Just like brownie brown man. You're on the case. You are a case
Holy Makinah. This is Joe boy on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God
anh
Mc
Good
Good
What can I say?
John's your friend, who has tried to get promise to be
Well, the top door, everybody goes
I can't tell that ever show
The top door, everybody stays
I got to hear my happy soul, it's the rain
Well, scream out, scream out, scream out
When you think it's too enough for you
You're fairly
scream out, scream out, scream out
Everything is just room
1033, what do we got on the schedule today?
We got Geldie at the Anthocenter
So must be a home game, like I said, that the
Crapidels against the Panthers at the
Anthocenter, unless Geldie's going to be
doing the game off a TV monitor, which is pretty
Bushley.
Mad Dog at 4, and then we got Pantheon
Preview at 630, so Mad Dog has enough
another tough assignment to an Apple
or show. Oh, brother.
In fact, guess what?
Mad Dog ain't even on tomorrow.
We got Curtis at Hooters in Durral,
the Marl and then wow, this is just a mess.
Here's what it is.
And then the Panthers and the Crapidels at 7 o'clock
tonight, biggest game of the season.
I guess they all are right now.
They're still making this improbable playoff
on any interest.
And then the Hanks give me a son of an
aunt's about the heat.
I don't care about the heat.
You care about the heat?
I'm sorry, you tell them.
Am I you Josh? You care about the heat?
Uh, you know, not much.
A little bit.
A little bit, not a lot.
What about the Hurricanes and Michigan on an
IT game on the AM-1360 on the cat,
with the Clarence and Gettler and Gettys
and the Joe Zagaki, who sucks about that.
Any day after all of the hockey action on QAM.
On QAM, the station that takes the Jewel out of living.
O'Reilly and editor Sparrow,
the sex offender, Casey, I told you I had a
villa rally story.
He's just a real able.
Yes he is.
Managers of the Dayton Daily News have received
more than 900 emails from fans of Fox News Talks,
Shoho and Liar, Bill O'Reilly,
after Riley's website and TV programs
slammed the paper for an editorial that he says
makes it the most friendly newspaper
to child rapist in America.
The Dayton Daily News Editorial, which ran Sunday
cautioned against those who have called for removing
Judge John Connor, referring to County County
Police Court, without a formal complaint or investigation.
After counterade a probation and house arrest instead of
prison, a man convicted of repeatedly raping two boys.
The defendant Andrew Selva had been charged with 20
counts of rape.
But prosecutors made mistakes in listing the boys'
names on the indictment and tried unsuccessfully to
change the errors.
Top Republican leaders in Ohio began pressing
further removal of Connor after a Riley Culfers impeachment
on his talk show.
So Jeff Bruce, I wonder if he's kind of Gary Bruce.
Editor of the Dayton Daily News defended the
papers editorial yesterday and took a Riley
to task for inflammatory journalism as usual.
We never defended Judge Connor's decision to
sentence a child molestered a year of
house arrest and five years probation.
Bruce said they prepared statement.
While we said as that if the judge deserves to be
removed from orifice, then due process should be
followed, the same sort of due process that Bill O'Reilly
reputted and relied upon when he was sued for
sexual harassment and ultimately settled out of court.
Just in case you've been sleeping, O'Reilly was
sued in 2004 by his former producer for sexual
harassment and phone calls and stuff like that.
When the suit was settled out of court for an
underserved sum, a Riley Culfers was the media
lashing he took from foreign a brutal ordeal and
thanked his listeners for having given him the benefit of
doubt when some of the media did not.
Bruce wondered why a Riley won't give Connor the same
benefit of doubt.
In America, we have a system of checks and balances that
include the independence of the judiciary, Bruce said
there are rules in place that we move bad judges.
Our editorial simply said we should follow those rules,
not allow ourselves to rush to judgment because of
a television commentators' opinions.
Amen.
A Riley through a producer said,
personal attacks launched on me disqualified the
Dayton Daily News from any serious debate.
We believe that Jeff Bruce is not the honest individual.
But I would be like Greg Reed calling somebody a liar.
A pervericator.
What newspaper in the US of America is most friendly to
child rapers could be the Dayton Daily News, which is
supported judge John Connor sent in the probation for a
man who ripped a five-year-old boy into 12-year-old boy
over three-year period?
Not only that, but the Dayton Daily News attacked the governor
of Ohio, the attorney general of Ohio and Bill Aroli,
for reporting the story and actually asking for the
removal of Judge Connor.
The vicious personal attacks launched by the Dayton Daily News
were strained when contrasting the lack of
condemnation for the judge.
So one can conclude, therefore, that the Dayton Daily News is
a newspaper that has sympathy for child rapists and the judges
will not incarcerate them.
That's all that a personal attack.
They say only two things happen when you wrestle a pig.
You get muddy and a pig enjoys it.
So it's tempting to just let this pass, but really what Aroli
had said on his website is so outrageous and such a
distortion that I can't, says Jeff Bruce.
Here is a buddy.
No crime is more heinous, more heinous than
child molestation, so it's understandable that people will be
inflamed by the notion that a petarist evaded the punishment
he's due.
But when Mr. O'Reilly asked the question on his website,
what newspaper in the USA is most friendly to child rapists?
He's egging on his readers without giving them all the facts,
as usual.
As readers of the Dayton Daily News know, this newspaper is not
soft on child molest, who's just the opposite.
Here's what's really happening.
Oh, the truth?
Mr. O'Reilly's upset with the newspaper because in an editorial
we referred to his own recent legal history in which he was accused of sexual harassment.
His producer threatened that unless we published an apology, they would resort to their bully pulpit
and that's what they've done.
This isn't about being soft on child molesters.
It's about Bill O'Reilly getting even.
We never defended Judge O'Connor's decision to sentence the child molester to a year of house arrest
and five years probation.
What we said is that if the judge deserves to be removed from office,
then due process should be followed with the same sort of process that O'Reilly relied upon when he was sued.
The editorial also noted that the prosecutor in the case, while disappointed with the judge's sentence,
was afraid his evidence was so weak that he might have lost the case entirely for when to trial,
he's agreed to settle a case.
In America, we have a system of checks and balances that includes the independence of the judiciary.
There are rules in place to remove bad judges.
Our editorial simply said we should follow those rules, not allow ourselves to arrest a judgment
because of a television commentator's opinions.
That's not an endorsement of Judge O'Connor or his decision.
The fact that a child molester got off so lightly is disgusting.
If I would fall our editorial for anything, it's that we could have said that and said it more firmly.
But that's not why O'Reilly asked his readers to write the newspaper.
His producer in the conversation with me acknowledged the logic of our editorials and argument,
but they felt ragging O'Reilly's own legal problems in the article was gratuitous.
While I expected O'Reilly to take a shot of us, I was shocked that he was suggested this newspaper
has simply for child rapists and say deliberate distortion what we said and what we stand for
and nothing could be further from the truth.
So you know, on the same page that we published the editorial,
we also printed a package of opposing views, including most of O'Reilly himself.
We made every effort to be fair and balanced in our presentation of this issue.
It's a pity that that sense of fairness was not reciprocated by the unfair and unbalanced Fox News of lunatic.
I like that.
Typical, same old crap, sure.
Just like Anne Colter that gets on her and shoots off her big mouth.
And anytime she's on it with anybody that's got an IQ larger than their thumbnail,
they are shooting down right away because she's always giving wrong facts.
Miss information.
That's what ought to be her nickname.
Miss information.
What's that out of the apple?
That's a guy's.
Tell her you're fair.
Yeah.
Hey Anne.
I don't care who you are.
You're fair.
Maybe she and the Miss Fudge are doing something, you know?
Maybe they're checking their own goods.
They should be out of package.
Mm-hmm.
Care package.
That's right.
I don't care.
How's that poll coming today?
Let's see what pisses off the audience about what I say.
Not too much.
Damn it.
Which of Niels comments piss you off the most?
None of his comments.
488.
84%.
Well good.
We like people.
That's what we want.
We want ditto heads like Rush, you know, and O'Reilly.
What people would most agree with everything?
No, seriously.
Ditto, ditto, ditto.
Lot of them.
They're all that crap.
His comments about politics 23.
His comments about religion 19.
You idiots.
His comments about guns 19.
How about guns in religion?
Oh, he's been a good mix.
Don't want to believe what I believe?
About a thing.
Uh, comments about black 17.
What comments about blacks?
His comments about Orthodox Jews 7.
You mean Getshes?
But those so many old big hats and the tallesses and the tits and that and that stuff.
Okay, we can't say tits.
Nothing more.
You think Joyce even knows what tits are?
Even you know what it is.
That's right.
I know all the gear.
I'm going to get me an outfit.
You already had one and then you're died from it.
His comments about Cubans 6.
His comments about red next to and his comments about the colors 1.
Well guess what?
This is Neil Rogers.
As far as the college know.
Space 5.
16.
A.
In the basket.
Yeah.
Oh, I got to agree with you.
You know, I hate to do it because it's boring.
I know you hate it.
But the thing about fat people you're right.
Well, go in there yourself and that's a right.
Nothing will help.
It's just that usually a lot of time.
That's right.
And you know how Hank brushes me off every time I bring you to even about that
and I'm sure that a fat slide like him and me both love pasta.
But you just, any thing that has to do with like health or blood sugar or stopping a big fat with a death weight.
Right.
And not interested in it.
Really they're going to brush off or enough off.
Right.
Well you're trying to pull.
Yeah.
Well, I give up.
Give it up.
There you go.
I'm doing fun.
187.
That's the lowest I've weighed in years.
I mean I'm like my real digital scale that you can't like lean one side to the other.
You can't do a fixed one.
Well, you know what I'm talking about.
It's called the dance of the Nile.
Yeah.
The dance, the one foot dance.
The green apple quick hop on the scale.
Maybe if I hold the towel rack.
Right.
That's it.
Although I do take off my wristwatch when I get it.
Well, it's just, you know, I do.
The citizen is pretty heavy.
Make sure you go to the bathroom first.
Oh, you kid me.
Do all you're a blue system.
That's right.
We're hop on the scale.
Well, that's the way to do it.
That's the way to get your true weight.
Let the air out of your lungs.
Yeah.
The Pentagon said yesterday it's investigating two incidents in which you ask troops allegedly
killed more than two dozen Iraqi civilians.
The claims raised by families of victims in local Iraqi police threatened to worsen relations
with Iraqis upset by the earlier abuse cases.
A criminal investigation had began March 9.
Oh, it's a Robert Creeper investigation.
March 9 is when it started.
Focuses on allocations by Iraqi civilians which were reported by Tom Magazine that Marines
killed 15 civilians in Haditha in November after a roadside bomb killed a member of their unit.
The Pentagon also stated this.
The start of this week to look at claims by local Iraqi police that US forces killed 11 civilians,
including five children and a six months old, duray or raid last week in a house in a shaki,
about 60 miles north of Baghdad, is shaki.
The claims referred to reported by Nightrider newspapers.
All the troops involved remained on active duty so Lieutenant Colonel Barry Johnson.
In the allegiance in Haditha about 140 miles northwest of Baghdad, the Marines came under fire after the bombing
and tracked insurgents for hours to residential areas amongst and amongst civilians,
said he was military spokesman Lieutenant Colonel Michelle Martin Hing.
Times had obtained a videotape of the aftermath of the incident, and Iraqi human rights group has provided copies of the video,
which shows bodies and blood stains to media organizations including Reuters.
The video, which is not been authenticated by the Pentagon, doesn't tell the whole story, Martin Hing said, whatever that meant.
That anyway, you can be sure it's true.
And your buddy Doug Thompson, Capitol Hill, blew rhymes with true.
Right.
He's the man.
He says, Bush can't stop lying.
How do you like that?
For anybody who don'tings or liars between George W. Bush and Greg Reed,
allow me honestly to great start to look better with each passing day.
Oh, please bring him back. Please.
And the SCRAN.
Let's get Greg and SCRAN back again.
Get him back together again.
That is one.
Wouldn't be the first time.
Americans who tuned in for one of President George W. Bush's rare press conference
saw a cornered animal trying to squirm his way.
And that what Puppy says in that bit with Regis wouldn't be the first time.
And that's what what's his name says.
What's the other one?
ODB.
Oh yeah, old dirty band.
Thirty, we call it.
It wouldn't be the first time.
Word.
Yeah.
But third man.
That's how many times he'd been in trouble.
Americans who tuned in for one of George W. Bush's rare press conferences saw a cornered animal trying to squirm his way out of trouble by doing what he's always done evading the truth.
Bush's attempt to showcase himself as a leader who could handle tough questions from the press corps fell just as flat as his unscripted town meeting style appearance and cleave on the day before.
His eyes darted from side to side as he fueled the question about his real reasons for invading Iraq.
He stammered, stalled, used the word, aw, more times than a suspect caught red handed.
He still claimed his reasons for invading Iraq were just.
Even though those reasons have been proven wrong.
It claims the work can be won if you're not shared by many of his generals.
He claimed a lot of things few of them true.
President Bush exhibited symptoms of pathological perverification.
Perverications at Dr. Stephanie Crossfield, a psychologist who treats people who have trouble telling the truth and who watch Bush's performances on Monday and Tuesday in my request, said Doug Thompson.
His eye movements, gestures, and changes in voice tone all displayed traits of consistent evasion of the truth, not to mention that annoying nervous laugh.
This is the first time I've asked Dr. Crossfield a study of politicians.
She watched several informal President Clinton's press conferences and came to similar conclusions about Clinton's disassociation with reality.
When studying a subject, she watches the eyes.
Eye movement is difficult to control, she said.
You find that the eyes dart away in specific patterns when a person is not telling the truth.
The president's eyes dart a great deal.
He's not comfortable facing the truth.
Dr. Justin Frank, I wonder if he's kind to Dr. Neal Frank.
Author of the book Bush on the couch inside the mind of the president agrees with Dr. Crossfield.
President Bush marches deeper and deeper into a world of his own, says Dr. Frank.
Center of the Bush's world is an iron will which demands that external reality be changed to conform with his personal view of how things are.
Republicans reluctantly admit Bush's laws touched with the truth.
Senator Chuck Hagel says the president is disconnected from reality.
Venture out beyond the beltway and you find conservative Republicans shaking their heads and wondering the same thing.
Dennis Dalby cuts the hair of Cam Pendleton's young Marines, giving them the regulation haircut before they head to combat in Iraq.
His barber shop in the coast highway near the basin, California, is covered with painted yellow ribbons, flags, and we support our troopspanners.
But Dalby, Republican and self-described conservative who voted for Bush, says he's fed up with the president's lies.
An office in office says it's time to bring the boys home.
In San Marcos, retired Navy veteran, her brainquist, 77 sits in the local VFW Hall and says Bush is a failure.
I voted for him two times and wish I hadn't ran quisted, it was probably one of the worst mistakes I ever made.
Dr. Crossfield says it doesn't take a degree in psychology or advanced training and spotting liars to realize the president placed fast and loose with the truth.
More and more ordinary Americans see the evidence clearly every day, she says, it's difficult to ignore.
Dr. Frank says Bush can't change his ways.
Taking responsibility has always been hard for W.
He says taking responsibility for inflicting harm on others is a major step in developing a maturity is the step president push has yet to make.
And steady persistent lying to himself and to the American people.
There's your buddy, Dr. Joe Good.
Like that is what I'm right on and as usual.
There's a fast you just let me it says and colder suffers from Marfan syndrome.
Marfan syndrome?
Marfan syndrome is a connective tissue to sort of characterized by usually long limbs, the form skeleton lungs eyes and heart.
Probably while she has Adam's apple gigantic, no sympathy for me it says you know she's an ex-girlfriend of Bill Mar.
A weird ass couple. Oh yeah kind of like Mary Madeline and she.
That's got to be a scam. Oh what that couple Bill Mar and the ankle Mary Madeline and no I don't know that one's for real.
I think the one that one's got to be a scam and colder with any man is what have to be a scam.
Yes me and I'm a me I want to say I don't care who you are you fair right.
618 votes which in yields comments piss you off the most none of them 519 none of the above 84%.
Why that special his comments about politics 26 guns 20 guns. Oh yeah.
Oh my guns man don't take away my guns my peace my rod. Hey we're going to need them.
What a rod yeah how much he making is a coming revolution his comments about religion 19.
His comments about blacks 18. His comments about Orthodox Jews 7 I told Mo to substitute verses.
His comments about Cuban 6 his comments about red next to and his comments about colors 1.
So I meant to you know about the colors because the audience knows the listeners know that all my comments about the colors are absolutely correct.
They can be Q.A.M. Hello. I'm your favorite. I'm saying there you go.
I rest my case. What do you talk about the proof being right there right right right out of the open just reach out and grab bigger tips.
Yeah right at the end of your index finger in the middle one too.
Marine down rights boy you're sure doing a lot of yellow I got to make up for the right time.
Yes. I'm going to show a show I beg your right news either that's right until I get.
Why don't care if you like it or not we're not programming you have no arbitraried diaries.
Yeah. You're not going to help put us over the top as if we care where is the copy from Steve Olf from Poppano Park.
You know it's just it's just amazing and Troy Stradford comes in there to like handle me with some other crap while I do this for him while I do that.
Yeah no problem Troy but how about taking care of the ones we already got and there's plenty of room for a spot today which he there was no real response to that.
We're going to talk to Phyllis about it. Well screw Phyllis okay she's leaving anyway the hell would that bitch the water Nazi the hell with that.
Who the hell and she decided once we got plenty of a place to put that on there.
You know they're always whining. La la la the sale department was awful. La la. Yeah well how about now is it any better now?
No. It's a disaster. It's not an accident waiting to happen. It's an accident that already happened.
It's a disaster even on the Titanic they never saw anything like this.
On QAM the station that takes the Jewel out of life. Somebody QAM hello.
One of our better ones right there QAM hello.
Hello. Hello. Yeah. I can't believe I got through.
Two more ahead on the alien. We already heard about it. Yeah she's an idiot. Yes. And she's feeling very rich or browser.
Did the FU for her. Yeah we already heard about it. Okay I'm sorry. Have a good day.
Okay 70 QAM hello. See these are the top show groupies. These are the people want to talk about Anne Coder and Bill O'Reilly.
I mean I just got gave you Bill O'Reilly's story but it has something to do with something current, something meaningful.
As opposed to what we are restating the obvious that we hate Anne Coder and Bill O'Reilly like poison in which they would both croak.
How does that captain Harris do? We got to stir about her. Oh I was saying they did a big news thing on her.
She's selling everything man. Yeah. We're organizing the house. She's going to be dying. She got her hands on.
And you know what I told her too. As you said Gornestelfin. Mm-hmm. Before I get to Marie and Dowd, Harris pledges to sell all her assets.
Why ain't going to get much for that? That's pretty much a dime. This is from the Tampa Tribune.
US representative Catherine Harris continued her attempt to take her campaign to national TV and to add religious overtones to request for US Senate State
with an appearance on nightline last night ABC News.
Harris told John Donovan about line that she intends to sell all her personal assets to fund the race.
My husband has real estate but I won't own anything she says. Well good. Including that seat in the Senate.
Since making a pledge last week to put 10 million bucks of her money into the race, Harris has made the phrase
putting everything on the line a new campaign theme. She's going to put her back on the line.
I'm wondering to take this widow's mic. This pearl of great price and put everything on the line she told Donovan.
No matter how much you have, are you willing to take what you have and sell all of it for a great price?
Donovan didn't ask her about her links to defense contractor Mitchell Wade who recently did a guilty to bribe in California Congressman Duk.
Donovan told the Tribune there was no agreement to avoid any subject in the interview.
Since revelations about those links to agreement court documents three weeks ago, Harris has avoided interviews with Florida reporters and answered very few substantive questions about the issue.
Instead she has chosen non-confrontational venues for speaking to the public.
She made her pledge about her campaign donation to the interview with commentators Sean Hannity and a vowed fan of hers on his uncle's right wing Nazi Fox News TV talk show.
For the nightline segment, a camera crew followed her most of Thursday including filming a scene of AIDS hustling her away from reporters after a campaign event.
So they wouldn't be able to ask her any questions. Nightline once known for the hard-hitting reviews of Ted Coppola's change since he left abandoning the format of examining a single issue in death in favor of several topics on each show.
What it's done has become much more of a mixed bag than before. It does some tough-minded stuff and some fluffy stuff said Columbia University of journalism professor Richard Wald, former top news executive of ABC and NBC.
He said the show can still examine issue in depth, but they're much more wedded to shorter pieces.
Harris has also had a religious component to her campaign. The phrases widow's might and pearl of great price are both biblical.
Oh yeah, widow's might in the book of Mark refers to a poor widow witnessed by Jesus contributing a tiny amount of money a might to the temple treasury while wealthy people contributed large sums.
Jesus said the widow gave more because she cast all.
I have no speaking of widow's might. I happen to know that widow's will.
In your case, cast no stone. This is Neil Roger. What solid this is 5162.8.
This is the Neil Roger show. This is your boy. We just hope you both. Any questions?
We're watching the game. They need a modified voice and I'm gonna sprint.
Made the best woman to win. Here's how to win. And it's easy. I believe I'm gonna win.
And it's dark time. You may be a winner. You're a real winner.
You and me are this proud.
So the final part is going down. And you're holding your laptop on the ground.
And you're holding your laptop on the ground.
And you're holding your laptop on the ground.
And you're holding your laptop on the ground.
And you're holding your laptop on the ground.
And you're holding your laptop on the ground.
And you're holding your laptop on the ground.
And you're holding your laptop on the ground.
I've got to get back to work.
I'm strong with you. Get ready.
So how you do with your card, boys.
You're out, wasn't you? That wasn't doing well up until this point.
Oh, but now you're done. I've done my teams out.
And what about Josh?
I got three of the four final fours still in it, but one team that I had go into the dances
out.
So, through my dancing?
No, then.
Oh, over a dance.
I hate when that happens.
How could an team's dance?
During training, 9-11 hijackers have been in a plane on a Miami runway.
How do you like that?
Thank goodness we had a lot of a warning, a head of 9-11, too bad we didn't take advantage of it.
In fact, that's the Maureen Dowcombe flying into a building who could imagine.
But anyway, two of the pilot hijackers from the 9-11, 2000 motor tanks have been in a smaller
plane on a taxiway of Miami International during their flight training, but their actions didn't
attract serious scrutiny from federal officials.
A witness in these as a Carrius Musawi trial said yesterday.
Today.
Today.
A flight instructor at the school where 9-11 hijackers, Muhammad Ata and Mar-1 Al-Shehi received commercial
pilot training testified at the death penalty trial of Musawi who's confessing an al-Qaeda terrorist.
Instructor Daniel Purcell has to provide the instructors at the school of breed they collected sigh of relief when Ata and Al-Shehi completed their training and left the school.
Purcell said that the December 26, 2000 incident in the Miami Airport was one of several problems the school had with the pair.
They had a bad pair.
Purcell said the FAA called the Florida School to be rate school officials after the plane was left under runway, but he said the FAA never questioned Ata or Al-Shehi.
I mean, what would be questionable about that?
Prosecutors are presenting testimony about the 9-11 pilot hijackers training and a pair effort to show perils between Musawi's flight training and that of the other hijackers during testimony yesterday.
A terrorism supervisor in FBI headquarters dismissed a field agent's concern about Musawi in the weeks before 9-11 as Hunches and Subpositions.
The supervisor Michael Rowans testified that he hadn't even read on August 18, 2001, memo written by Minneapolis agent Harry Samut,
who arrested Musawi and was convinced from the outset that Musawi was a terrorist with Penn's time-jack aircraft.
One thing about this government, they couldn't fight a terrorist in their own living room.
They knew where they were.
Yeah, they knew where they were and they were just making sure that they were there.
Oh, they were there.
Yeah, what the plan was.
Marine downrights, I don't want to do all four hours of reading here today.
I'm probably going to take some really good calls.
Take that one right now.
We don't have any.
Oh.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
What are calls have really the last two weeks in a half?
Right after that anniversary deal, man.
This new regime of ours, we're like becoming marginalized.
We're like on the ages of life, becoming.
Now, we really are.
Uh-oh, suspicious package found on White House grounds.
I think Warren V. he was using.
It was a big package.
Could have been man-coltar.
Uh-oh, not that big.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Here's my last attempt to get somebody involved in the show today.
This is weak.
This is really pathetic.
And pound five, 60 on the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
A town without pity.
I know you could play it again, Jean Pitney.
Oh, I got a part of it.
But not near that Eden again, are you?
Again.
From here.
Oh, that was great.
Oh.
See what it does to your system.
W-E-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I like it when you read.
Keep reading, man.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Okay.
Uh-huh.
W-E-Q-A-M, hello.
There he is.
Jean Pitney, baby.
Oh!
Have a strange looking dude.
Yes, ma'am.
Okay, sorry.
Q-A-M.
Cut!
Sorry.
W-E-Q-A-M, line nine.
No, we're very weak.
I was thinking maybe we could spend a couple hours having like, uh,
Eddie wannabe's calling.
And see if you can do the best Eddie.
A couple hours.
I know it.
Huh?
We could do four of that.
Four hours on that.
Yeah.
Well, we're getting some line nine always.
Uh-huh.
See, like, they said in the exes, there was only one.
That's right.
And then that's true.
There's only one.
But there are a lot of wannabes out there.
We got the Prozac Ron wannabes.
We got 81 abes.
We even got Garver wannabes.
W-E-Q-A-M, hello.
wannabe line.
I feel.
Yes.
What a good Q-K.
W-E-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Listen, I read this thing in the Times yesterday with Pat Filman's father there trying to figure
out just how his son died over there in Afghanistan.
Yeah.
And there was a heartbreaking story.
And, you know, just like Jessica Lynch, they put out this line of BS at the beginning and
slowly the stories start to fall apart.
I just thought of as a parent how you sit there and agonize over what really happened to his son.
It's torture and you can't get a straight answer.
And then when you find out that Pat's long time high school and college buddy went off in the
join to follow in the footsteps, I mean, that could need serious help.
He must be a nut job.
I don't get it, but I mean, it was just a bit weird.
I just remind me of Nazi Germany, you know, when they were bombing Berlin, they were telling them,
oh, this is the last death toll of the Allies.
They're ready to give up.
And of course, you're right.
Well, you're right.
President told us many months ago now that the insurgency was in its waning days.
It's waning over here.
Right.
Yeah, just a few of them left in there.
The similarity between Germany Vietnam and this is a theory.
Amen.
Thank you.
A theory.
56670560, just like Kissinger told us in Vietnam, peace is in our hand.
He had a peace in his hand, though, right?
Peace of what?
Something.
Ask.
WDQA-M, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Well, back to our team.
You're on the radio.
You're eating chocolate and ice cream and all you're still doing all that?
No.
That's right.
You're diabetic, aren't you?
Yeah.
Well, I have a idea for a poll then.
Which body parts are going to get amputated first if you keep eating all those sweets?
Yes.
I was thinking your left foot.
Right.
Right away, and hello.
George, George, what can't fix us?
Oh, hey, man.
You are.
Absolutely.
Wow.
Talk about an engineering disaster.
WDQA-M, hello.
That was probably PVLini again.
So here's the Eddie wannabe line.
wannabe line QAM?
Bill.
Yes, sir.
I saw V for Bendetta yesterday.
I can't believe George said that it was a week.
Only gave it a six, man.
It was great movie.
Great movie.
Definitely an eight.
That's definitely an eight.
What was great about it?
I had the storyline, you know, just kept your interest the whole time, I thought.
The guy looked like a zero.
Pardon me?
I said, have a great day.
567-0560, pound 566, the only Verizon singular right on the side.
See, your taste is in your touch today, so he said that George has got his thumb on it better.
George who fell asleep during network would like to V for victory a lot better.
And loved zero.
What was that one zero movie?
The Gabe Blade.
What was that?
Zero The Gabe Blade.
Wasn't that it?
Yeah, who the hell was in that?
Was that George Hamilton?
George Hamilton.
Oh, George Hamilton was in it.
Well, guess what, George?
I mean, George Hamilton.
I don't care who you are.
You're fair.
Good job and Godfather 3, by the way, not.
I mean, he was just ridiculous.
How many QAM, hello?
Four, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, listen, I have regards to you from Regent Filben.
I read that.
Yeah, I was just a hard rock live last week for his show.
And I met him after the show.
It's big in a boat.
There he is.
What did he say?
I talked to him and mentioned your name.
And he said that that afternoon or that morning rather he was sitting by the pool.
And he listened to a couple hours of your show to shame eating Korea.
Yeah, he did that.
That's where that came from.
He did call me.
We were talked on the phone.
That's where that clip came from.
But you know what he says?
It's big in a boat.
That's a recognized voice where he's talking to you.
He's like, well, is this great to you?
Amazingly, but it's on a really good show.
Who does?
I read this. He's very entertaining.
Okay, well, I haven't seen that one.
Okay, right.
That's a lot of family.
Yeah, you're okay, Regis.
Hey, if Regis is such a big fan, send a bag of money, Regis, okay?
Now, the eventually he ever had was on that now-deafunk health network, whatever that thing was.
That was a lot of fun.
It was a very funny show.
I think the word was that except me.
I don't think I ever saw it.
And his wife was on it too.
What's her name?
Joy.
Joy.
Yeah, very good.
Joy.
Yeah, I can't believe that you remember that.
He was a little half-over-wire.
Can you imagine how she hated Kathy Lee just like poison?
I mean, oh, man.
Of course, she and Regis and Kathy Lee hated each other too, from her agreed.
And of course, who wouldn't hate Kathy Lee?
Probably jealous of Kathy Lee's boobs.
Is that it?
Or is he's a joy forever?
Suspicious package of White House grounds, the president is not there.
Ooh, bite your lip.
Very, very hard.
Or the blood.
I got pepperoni juice tricking down my chin.
Yes, I think it's pepperoni juice.
You know, being outdoors a lot in South Florida really need comfortable shoes to be
schlepping around.
So they only place to go as brandy shoes in pop and obiates.
They carry all the major brands like Floreshime, Echo, Mephisto, Rockport, Hushpuppey's, New
Balance, and tons of other big-name brands in all sizes for men and women, even they
carry a wide width and hard to find sizes too, if you've got strange feet.
Brandy shoes is the largest impending true retailer in South Florida.
And when you see the selection venue, you get a brandy's you'll see why I've been telling
you about them for years.
Go see my good friend Arnie who gets the right fitting shoes for your feet.
Brandy's isn't like a department store where you have to wait a long time to get service,
then they tell you, oh, guess what?
We don't have that style in your size.
The only thing they do with brandy is the shoes.
Obviously, they know their stuff and you never have to worry about size, selection or
service.
Brandy shoes you'll find in the 1290 North Federal Highway in pop and obiates between Atlantic
and Copens on the east side, you can't miss it.
Brandy's open daily Monday through Saturday till 9 and every Sunday till 5.
And this week is a great time to buy men's shoes.
If your size 14 and over at Brandy's, take 10 bucks off on all men's brands and,
why do they check out their men's and women's hush puppies on sale at 20% off this week.
Always extra savings, always great deals and really friendly sales holes who know your
feet inside and out even by the smell.
So be sure to come into Brandy's this week or shop on their website, brandy's shoes.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q.A.A.
Congratulations, get a life.
I'm going to go to the top secret prison or any get most ever enough to trace them.
It's too too.
Raise our kids under how to rest.
Get all men's after one protest and take their music when they leave that district.
Go!
Where's the left wingers?
Go!
What are you going to do about it?
You failed!
1117 at 5.60.
That's your whole lot of use.
What are you going to do about it?
Everywhere, doesn't it?
It's just everywhere.
Okay, relax.
Just have any votes.
What do you think Josh, doesn't they or not?
I don't think he's out of the room.
What do you mean he's out of the room?
Maybe he's confagulating with the new sales manager to see what's going on.
Maybe what to find.
What's his name?
Pryce Rampford.
Old lady, skinhead.
I don't know.
Body was diabetic.
That's supposed to be a big secret.
Pryce Rampford's diabetic.
I don't think it's supposed to be a secret.
I don't think anybody would keep it a secret like a Humper.
Listen, as far as it goes, Eric did a beautiful job on our website.
I run another poll on it.
Veeamfields, pasta, low carb.
But I do want to emphasize this.
And make sure you mark it down the time I send this very carefully.
If you're one of those diabetic people that doesn't take your blood sugar,
first of all, you're crazy.
You're crazy.
You've got to get this.
You're an Ielunatic.
That was fun.
That's number one.
And number two, don't eat this.
Don't order it.
Don't eat it.
Don't buy it.
I got enough of it to sink a battleship.
So as we're going down like the Titanic, it'll be perfect.
It'll fit right in.
Veeamfields, low carb pasta.
Eric did nice all the artwork there.
It's got the picture of the box and their logo and the link to read more about it.
And that's it.
But if you don't take your blood sugar, don't take it.
Because obviously, the fact I'm having a real good luck with it and I've lost five pounds
and it's very satisfying.
And it's also taken away my sugar craving, which, to me, is a miracle.
A miracle.
Can you believe it?
I believe it.
I think I mean, I know.
For some things in life, you just can't believe it ever lose your craving for.
Like what?
Like that.
Something sweet.
Yeah?
Like, yeah.
Apple pie.
Apple pie.
Like chocolate cream pie.
Or banana cream pie.
No interest.
No interest.
No ice cream.
No, no, no.
That garbage.
It's a miracle.
I survived this long.
Eat nice cream by the like the half gallon at times.
Take me to your two liter.
Nestleys turtle and all that Ben and Jerry's coffee toffee crunch.
And then I got hooked on it.
They're amogin' does of all things that banana nut.
What is nothing like a banana nut?
Green doubts his flying into a building.
Who could imagine?
Three little words.
Still employed there.
Of all the through the looking glass moments in the last few days the strangest is this.
The FBI officer who arrested and questioned Zacharias Musawi, or Zakaryus, told a jury that
he had alerted his superior about 70 times that Mr. Musawi is a radical Islamic fundamentalist
who hated America might be plotting the hijack in her plane.
70?
That makes one time for every virgin waiting for Mr. Musawi in heaven.
Judging by how disastrous the prosecution is doing, the virgins will have to wait.
We could have cracked the 911 plot if the FBI wasn't run by Dunc's.
Mr. Musawi's lawyers got a break because according to the testimony of the officer Harry
Samet, a better run bureau could have broken the case even without the terrorist confession.
Maybe the FBI officer should have shot him with some paintballs.
On September 10, 2001 Mr. Samet confided to a colleague that he was desperate to get into
Mr. Musawi's computer.
He never heard back from the FBI's bin Laden unit before 911.
What did the unit have to do that was more pressing than catching bin Laden?
And he was instructed by officials in FBI headquarters here whom he labeled criminally negligent.
He named two of the officials who didn't want to endanger their careers with any excess aggression
toward radical fundamentalists, David Frasca, and Michael Malfi, then working on the radical
fundamentalist unit.
So that David Frasca makes a hell of a drink.
Even though Condi Ristro, the 911 commissioner, no one could have imagined terrorist slumming
him to a plane on the World Trade Center, and FBI officer did.
Officer Samet testified that a colleague, Greg Jones, tried to light a fire under Mr. Malfi,
by urging him to prevent Zekar Ristro from flying a plane into the World Trade Center.
Those words.
Later, Mr. Jones told Samet that it had been just been a lucky guess.
Uh-huh.
Kenneth Williams, a Phoenix agent, also sent a warning memory to the flagmatic Mr. Frasca
in July 2001 after sniffing out a scheme by Osama to dispass Middle East extremist
America to get flight training.
Neil Lewis wrote on the Times yesterday that William Carter, an FBI spokesman, said that
neither the bureau nor Mr. Malfi nor Mr. Frasca, who are still employed there, would have
any comment.
Still employed there?
How can Mr. Malfi and Mr. Frasca still be employed at the FBI?
How can Michael Shudoff still be employed in Homeland Security?
How can Donald Rumsfeld still be employed at Pentagon?
Missing 911, missing Katrina, mangling a rack, racking up $9 trillion in debt, those things
don't cause officials to lose their jobs, only saying something honest as pressure in
general Eric's situation, so he did, can get you a one-way ticket to Volucaville.
Rummy told reporters last week that the military was preparing for a civil war in Iraq, but
he didn't consider it a civil war yet, even though he acknowledged it was hard to tell
exactly when chaos took into civil war.
I don't think it looked like the United States civil war he had had sang willingly.
Yeah, at Fort Sumter Lincoln left the enemy fire first, so the French Secretary believes
that the body counts days below the civil war era's 600,000 Iraq will achieve a healthy
blue state red state democracy.
One administration official says that Rummy doesn't hold the same sway in meetings anymore
that he's treated as an eccentric old uncle who pops off and is ignored, but why can't
W. Just quit him?
Instead, the president praised him for doing a fine job on two wars and transforming the
military when Rummy actually bullied the military to go along with his full-less schemes
in Iraq and has sapped the one-spirit fighting machine, that machine.
That is impromptu press conference yesterday.
The president presented himself as an ice guy doing a difficult job relentlessly joshing
with reporters.
He chided the press for playing in service goals by showing bad news from Iraq.
They're capable of blowing up innocent lives so it ends up on your TV show, even as
reports surfaced about insurgents outside Baghdad, storming a jail, slaughtering 18 police officers,
and letting the prisoners out following fast upon an insurgent raid on Iraqi army headquarters
and care cook.
Does the president think TV will instead report on an increase in melanchiles at the market?
When the Bushies harp on training Iraqi security forces so America can hand the country over
to them, it has a hollow ring.
Back in 2003 the U.S.
The Batfield, Iraq, and put its faith in its friends, the Shiites.
The bathified Iraq.
What do I say?
Whatever I said.
Now given the suspected Shiite death squads and militias, the U.S. wants to bring the
Sunis back into the system so whom do we trust in for how long?
As to take an envision a day when there would be no more U.S. forces in Iraq than the president
said, that of course is unobjective.
For the end of that it would be decided by future Iraqi governments and future American presidents.
Once W is not still employed there, says Maureen, the queen.
Maureen Dowd, you don't have no Adam Zafl and she sure is how long I have no aspiratus.
Oh, here's some big radio news.
The station that you never heard of before in our guarantee, I'll bet you a Joe Bell's
life on it that Josh never heard of it.
Union radio at W.O.C.N.
No speaking English.
Oh, that's perfect.
Yeah.
Sold for $6 million.
$10 million.
W.O.C.N.
Mine has been sold by minority broadcasters headed by Richard and Pablo Vega to Dallas-based
Independence Media for a six million bucks.
W.O.C.N.
Coeuranyl airs a mix of broker, talk and religious programs targeting immigrants from Latin
America and Haiti-Mond.
The station's signal covers the county most of Broward.
John Pierce was the exclusive broker in this transaction, according to radio and records,
R and R.
Always keep my thumb on it.
You know, FMQB and R and R, all these are radio, all these are radio related sites.
In case it might be some real good jobs.
I think I'm going to go to work at W.O.C.N. and put those vatures on the map.
And it will let you translate into Esponial.
And Josh can do the Amarlin's games in whatever language he speaks.
C.C.
See this?
Wow.
699 votes if I refresh it.
It's going to be over 700, you think?
I'm refreshing.
I'm clicking.
It's 700.
All right.
It's the 700 club with Pat Neill Robertson.
Which of Neill's comments piss you off the most?
That's our very good poll question today.
None of them.
None, 83% are not PO'd.
P'd off.
582.
Ever been P'd off?
His comments about politics, 28, his comments about religion, 23, about blacks, 22, about
guns, 22, how about blacks with guns?
Bad mix, baby, a bad combination.
Lethal.
His comments about Cubans, 8, his comments about Orthodox Jews, 8, well too bad.
You get keys and put away them stupid hats.
His comments about callers 4 and his comments about rednecks, Solomon T. Trace, only 3.
So I told you we didn't have to put that on it.
That's why Eric probably left it off.
Maybe it was just an oversight.
Maybe he was busy putting up that big guy thing about the Greenfield pasta, which he did an excellent job.
Yes, he did.
I'll tell you one thing.
The other said this about 10 cases of it, just for the free publicity.
Where is that copy from Steve Olf at Pompadot Park?
Did what's his name for?
I start everyone running in there and say, hey, here's a spot?
Yeah, see, doesn't care.
Doesn't care.
I just like a certain other place that my mom mentioned in the pizza lot.
Just like other accounts that I've had on here for years and years and years since we're supposedly all whipped up about celebrating my 30th anniversary.
I'm sorry, man.
And this market.
You'll see, it's just a matter of time before they run everybody else off too.
Because this sales department is these are the sales holes from the hell.
From the hell.
It's unbelievable, man.
They just...
They're unbelievable.
Including your buddy Duff.
Oh, my God.
Hey, Duff.
I don't care who you are.
You're fairy.
God, that's a real...
And you're in your witness.
Was Josh in there yesterday when he was giving me that song at a dance?
I was.
And were you in there the previous time last week when he saw me just the opposite?
Yes, I was.
Yeah.
So what am I supposed to believe?
What do I know?
Who did Moe?
You know what I'm saying?
I just don't get it.
We can't get an honest answer from any of these people for love, money, or anything.
I think Josh might know something that gives Duff the given honest answer.
Has something to do with that?
But I don't think he's a viner or so on that.
That's your department.
Attention, man.
No, it's not my department.
That's Duff's department.
Okay?
Like I said, Duff.
I don't care who you are.
You're fairy.
God.
You know, I could understand it if he had like about a half a dozen accounts.
I'm a show.
I could understand that.
But there is Solomon Teuno, baby.
There's one.
A very good one, by the way, an excellent one, which you guys want to keep getting the free food.
But it's like, I can't get a straight answer out of this guy.
Wow.
I got the right answer.
That was a bad choice that we're just straight answer.
You're fair.
Sorry about that.
I didn't answer that.
That's right about Andrew Ascender Woods.
Oh.
What a little later.
27.
Oh.
Wow.
And of course, this is the macho sports station, right?
Like that one jingle by a Bokobrow.
Where is it?
I'll find it.
In fact, I played it before.
This one.
Sports, we are radio.
Let the Q-ray.
Make no mistake about it, baby.
It's your game.
Station for the new millennium.
28, that's why we're going down.
28 past 11, a Q-A.
You all know the name dry concepts.
There's another one, even.
I was with me for 21 years on here.
And I've used them in my home for all that time.
They were just at my house a week ago on Monday.
Doing their fine, fantastic, usual, amazing job.
You can have the worst looking schmootsiest carpets in the world,
which back at IOD, remember that day?
I'm sure you do.
Yes.
I mean, those carpets had been cleaned about 400 years,
since before Jesus was an infant.
And right downstairs there, right where Gary Osses name was,
the accountant's name, Gary Mills.
Mills, very good.
Who, man?
I wonder if he was kind of the hardest driver, Gary Mills.
Who?
Off the Canadian Circuit.
Anyway, they came and cleaned those carpets,
and they made them look sensational.
And those were as desperate as it gets.
So no matter what the deal is, before you go out and spend thousands
of replace your carpeting, give dry concepts a call.
And let them bring even the dirtiest carpets back to life,
looking just like brand new.
They leave your carpets vibrant in color, soft to the touch,
staying free, looking like he just had brand new lead right there on your floor.
Dry concepts is the only company I've been using, like I said, for 21 years.
The only one you should trust, too.
Just in case you weren't aware of it, dry concepts also specialized in drapery cleaning.
A postery cleaning, deep cleaning of your expensive leather furniture and lots more.
All of these things.
The doubt of doubt one of the best things you can do for those oriental or area rugs
of your magic flying carpet is to use a quality underlayment.
It's essential for extending the life and beauty of your area rug
and it provides critical cushioning and prevents getting unhard floors.
Call this month, during the month of March, and get 15% in savings on all underlayment panting.
Dry concepts, always professional, always on time, and always give your written parent-teap price upfront
before they start doing their miraculous job for you.
Carpet cleaning, water damage restoration, pet odor treatments, mattress cleaning,
get rid of those dust mites and lots more.
All of these things.
Call the best, trust the best.
Dry concepts, call them tool-free and date-broward on the Palm Beach's 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 around the way.
This is dryconcepts.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5-16-Q-A-T.
Aight, coming soon to Fox.
It's the all-new Beverly Hill Millies, starring all your favorite characters, Jay.
We went in Green Grant Granny.
Carpet!
Chetro.
Dog.
And Kelly Pickler.
What's the sale, man?
I don't tell you, she demonstrates what life is like without a brain.
You want a hand with me?
Thank you, but I don't even know how to dance.
What a determined agency, though.
A...
What have I done to deserve this?
You know her and love her from American Idol.
Now follow Kelly Pickler as she makes a startling discovery.
I should love it here in California, but I went to this place called Holywood.
And I don't see no churches at all.
I don't realize, Hittin' Love.
It's the all-new Beverly Hill Millies, starring Kelly Pickler.
What's the heel bear?
I'm coming soon to climb.
I'm coming.
I'll come back.
I had to find that much more amusing if I knew who Kelly Pickler was.
You know who that is?
Nope.
Somebody from American Idol, I guess.
One of those stupid ass shows.
Is that who that is, Josh?
Oh, yeah, I watch that show all the time.
Well, I mean, you're supposed to know your Pickler's, Mr. Kelly Pickler.
You better Google it.
I have no idea who that is.
It was kind of a cute bit, because George likes Beverly Hill Millies a lot.
You know, I'll come back now, you hear?
You would've if you'd ever watched it.
No, I did watch him and suck.
It was almost as good as Avigabor and Morsegelen, Green Acres.
So, let's see.
You already did it all.
Yeah, she was a contesting.
I don't know who that is.
On American Idol.
That's right.
On Eric Idol.
What's the deal with her?
What's the deal with her?
I don't get it.
No, that was on the bit.
I don't know.
Can you listen to it?
I'll play it again if you want.
I'm a Wilson Good Time player right now.
Howard Faxson says, I wonder which Howard that is.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
I listen to you show every day and listen to many of your suggestions.
Yes, today, you were talking about Dreamfield Pasta.
Yes.
I have to say this is an excellent pasta and very good carb-wise.
Thank you for keeping your audience informed.
And you're welcome, Howard.
Thanks for the nice facts.
I like that.
Short and sweet, right to the point.
How are you?
I was paying attention.
Now, what's that final total?
I mean, not final, but I mean close to final for that fundraising thing
that the duck forced on us.
We had 19,935 as of, I don't know, some time.
I haven't got any weight.
A total today.
Well, what?
I haven't gotten a total today.
Well, why not?
I don't know.
I really won't because I don't know.
Because Miguel's like screwing off again today.
Or something.
Oh, screwing somebody.
Come on.
Let's get rid of it.
Boy, why did we get involved in that?
It's your fault.
You should have said to me, you should have said to me, no circumstances.
You were right there.
You were in another year.
Every year.
What did I say?
What was my answer?
What was my answer?
When I first brought up this project, what was your final answer?
Final answer was, which is the final answer.
Final answer is, you go and every just crap again.
Yeah.
I just like having to bank the money he's made the last five years.
Oh, last five minutes.
Oh, brother.
I mean, you know, don't take this wrong even though he's a big-noter game nut.
But I like Regis Elias, a good guy.
But that having been said for a guy with his talent to be making that kind of money, you know?
I mean, people talk about the money I'm making.
Regis makes more money in two minutes than I make in five years.
Okay, he's just swimming in a sea of money, drowning in it.
Between that, who wants to be a millionaire and at the awful show with Kelly Ripper and formerly with Kathy Lee
and all the, and I, and then of course, those commercials he's doing.
He's got endorsements up the old earlobe.
My God.
And I don't be graduate at all.
But you've got to admit for a guy with his talent to be making that kind of money, he ought to be kissing the Blarney Stone every chance he gets.
I sure do.
I kiss the old Blarney Stone.
Is that what you call it?
Yes.
Oh, here's our one-lowly call, WQAM.
I said, the old guy.
Yes, sir.
I'm very concerned with Kelly.
Pickler is she is on American Idol and she's a little blonde, hotty and country girl.
But she's just dumb and dirt.
Like Jessica Simpson, blonde, uh, Bimbo, Dumbo.
Exactly.
She's just so cute and you want to get past it, but it's just so tough.
Keep it up.
Okay, thanks, Charlie.
Yeah, I know what people like that.
CBD.
Cupid dumb.
Where's the old saying goes, young and dumb and full of fun.
Something fun.
You better watch it, Mr. Joyce.
It's going to be all over your ass, man.
I've never been fine.
You're going to be all over your ass.
You're going to be Schmier-Renian.
WQAM, hello.
Twist and Turban, Turban, Twist.
I'd like to have that Jack S. come up here and say that to one of my cad drivers.
Twist this.
Even Charlie Checker likes to twist your head right off.
If it would do any good.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I just like to say, Phil Faltzman is the worst karaoke singer I've ever heard in my life.
No, please don't tell me Phil Saltzman's really doing karaoke, please.
Yes, sir.
I was at a restaurant and he jumped on stage and it was horrible.
Wow.
Wow.
That's pretty scary thought.
Thanks for the bad news.
Come on, Phil.
Come back to your senses.
Senses.
Wow.
Good guy, though, Phil Saltzman.
These are race call are not certainly the best, but good guy.
Certainly not better than Mike Pataglia.
On the outside, oh brother, he is, you know, see the thing with Hank discussing any of the people in the sports fraternity.
It's like discussing diving with Hank.
There are just certain type of stuff that you're clear from.
You should intercede and warn me.
Remind me.
Okay.
He just says, you can't discuss the thing with some people.
I know that.
And it's just like he's part of that sports fraternity.
He's buddies with all these people, even the losers, like Mike Pataglia.
So bring anything like that up.
He just wants to defend.
And that's why we realize that.
I like him a lot.
It's too bad he doesn't take his blood sugar.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Oh, you could done better than that.
That was too short.
You hit a short one like that.
All the time.
Line nine.
Any line.
No, not the Raspberry line.
That was supposed to be on line one.
56670560.
Come on.
You guys can do it.
I can smell it.
I could tell it's Wednesday.
It's the middle of the week.
It's Humpty, like some really moronic people say.
It's a day for a Zinion calls.
I got a huge pile here.
By the way, I got a pile like up the nose.
Here it.
I heard it.
Come in to QAM.
Hello.
New reports assist you with tracking tasks for all your files in the reports module.
To learn more about these new features, contact your fund, sales representative.
We shouldn't need this on to a client.
Why is it always the same sort of thing?
Is it?
It's always her voice.
Did you see, we talked about that way a year ago.
Remember they showed that the chick right?
She does all the stuff in her basement and she's on all these messages.
She records them in her basement.
She's got a studio.
I mean, that's really something.
People that have a studio right in their own home that can work out of their own bed.
They're without leaving.
They're like, hop out of bed in the morning and walk about 10 feet in the room.
Or there's two doors.
They're fed as well.
Like I'm doing right now.
I want to box the shorts and teach her.
I have a teacher when it's just cool.
Man, all of a sun is out.
Holy, I just noticed it's a blue skies.
Sun is out.
Let's give that weather report for Castronova.
Sun and 32.
All of a sudden, it'll be 38 tomorrow, 40 tomorrow and Friday.
41.
Oh, there's you.
In a GPA.
In a GPA.
Oh, she sends me right to the board.
Wait until you hear it.
No significant changes from day to day in the forecast.
Oh, sure.
Did you have any conditions?
Is that where she's from?
Friday in the summer.
Yes.
Well, some sunny breaks.
The deep blue like it.
I'm sure it's a chance each day of summer.
Oh, I see everybody.
I know just there again.
I'm just here.
I'm just here.
But as we head into Sunday, we'll see significantly more sunshine.
Many sunny skies.
I expect a first-gen.
And we're looking at a high of five degrees for a Sunday.
And that is a Sunday.
I think it's a high of the time of the year.
So why do we can wish it beyond pop?
Oh, damn it.
She didn't say GTA.
Oh, well, anyway.
You can make that a regular feat or something.
Wow.
And she is one thing people would hate this city if they don't like foreigners,
because everybody here basically is a foreigner, like me.
That was just so great.
I'm sure they're still talking about that suspicious package on the White House ground.
I had to bring in people as well from, and they're during the Washington DC,
the heart of the nation's capital.
They have the president's not there, though.
Be afraid.
The federal.
Get very afraid.
Right.
The agency's available to them at just a moment notice.
So for your many years at the White House, John, not not a typical day at the office,
but probably more days like this than you could see.
You notice John Roberts now is on CNN because they got screwed over with CBS.
Nice going, John.
He's a good news guy.
With that kind of like salt and pepper hair.
He's a mature-looking guy.
He looks good on camera.
He's been here for years.
He's a good Canadian boy, by the way.
I believe John Roberts.
Never heard of him.
Yes, he is.
Huh?
Never heard of him.
Yeah, you did.
He used to fill in for Dan rather all the time.
What are you talking about?
You, you communist.
Dan who?
Right.
I'm going to throw up in my throat a little bit in my mouth.
I'm going to stop him.
Yeah, there you go.
Gosh, put it out.
He should have been the enough at Old Oki-Doki-Bob Sheifer, and so now John Roberts jumps
to his room.
He's over there on CNN, along with his an Nazis.
Feach Ford is gone mad.
It's madness in March.
See, we would've said March madness, but let's say, copyrighted the phrase we can say that.
That's right.
So it's madness in March all this month at Feach Ford.
They dismissed having a record month in February, so they're going to break that record to pieces
this month.
They're going to blake it.
And right now, Standard Camp Ford F-150s, there was always just $249 a month with $9.95
down plus fees with a pro-credit in 39-month lease.
Madness in March at Feach Ford means you must be mad.
You've got to be crazy enough to take advantage of deals like these.
Rebeats and discounts have up to $10,000 on all new and used vehicles.
Now, if you're not in the market for a new car, but you know anybody who would have sent
them into Feach Ford because if they take liberty this month through the month of March,
Feach Ford will send you $200 in cash just for sending them by.
And like I always tell you, the money comes from their advertising budgets so they won't
tack it onto your friends' price and repay them over hurray or it off, is if you cared.
Don't miss out on this.
Once the event, its Feach Ford's madness in March, a Standard Camp Ford F-150s, lowest
$249 a month, discounts and rebates up to $10 grand and $200 just for referring your
friend.
So, Hurray and Feach Ford is located two miles east of the Golden Glades on 160th Street,
Westix, the highway.
Don't ask for Paul by the way he ain't there no more.
I guarantee it though, you'll love your Feach Ford experience.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is a Gold Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold.
This is a Gold Gold.
But I prefer to sell now, like in all cities,
powers and cities for rich kids.
I am done, I can really read all through.
How happy they'll find me, they'll love me, do you?
Don't be scared, they'll be nobody knows you,
wait out, they'll be nobody knows you, I am,
they'll be nobody knows you, I am,
they'll be with women, they'll be with women,
they'll be with women, they'll be with women,
they'll be with women, they'll be with women,
they'll be with women, they'll be with women,
they'll be with women, they'll be with women,
they'll be with women, they'll be with women,
they'll be with women, they'll also be with women,
they'll be with women, they'll be with women,
yes, they'll be with women who may be immortal,
legend in your mind. He's in the dark.
The video everybody else in the
Nozzlin and you know like the whole
staff had it and encountered with him
except for me. Really?
Oh you never ran into him? You never
encountered him? No, but Josh will give you
a long detailed description of how
grizzly and short and sun-fried he is.
And obnoxious? Yeah.
That melanoma bit comes to mind.
That was in dress like Austin Powers?
What do you saw him? No, not really.
You're okay.
He had the... He wants on. Maybe we can
give him two to four. What do you say?
He had the dark glasses on inside.
I don't trust people.
Yeah, all of the people on our shades
inside. Richard Bells, who does that too?
I'm very nervous about people
who wear a shade inside.
Who does? Howard.
Stirred. Oh he does?
He's never seen him without his
sunglasses. A little round does.
That's what we just part of his body.
I just don't know what that's all about.
There's a guy that does a sports
show on the fan up here.
It's called being one of the cool
in the summer.
And the summer piston on TV.
I don't know what his name is.
He's a very marginal.
And he wears shades all the time.
What are you doing to show?
It's called being a cool radio.
Oh, is that what it is?
He's about as cool as an elephant's fart.
Oh, speaking of cool, the MTV awards say,
goodbye to Miami, but they've had it,
and who could blame him?
Certainly.
Perhaps a little bit homesticks
sick after spending the last years
Miami, they're heading back
to the big Apple this August.
The York City's our hometown,
MTV's president, Christine and Norman
said, Christine and Norman Kent.
In a statement released yesterday
for the A&P.
The ocean blue waters of Miami
had been the background for the awards
since 2004, with stars arriving by yacht.
The awards taking place on the
Merck and Irline's arena.
At the Yenta Arena, the Mickey
Irson arena, the corrupt one.
And actor show party's hell on
Fashionable South Beach.
But this year, radio sitting music
called the venue and MTV
promised to do all its power to focus
attention on the August 31st event,
market down on your arm.
We are really looking to showcase the music,
culture and people from every
burrow of this amazing city on TV,
online, broadband and wireless,
to fans around the globe.
Norman said, Norman Elliott Kent.
Kent.
Pomp and O Beach, how do you
lose a streetlight this
unsanimal wants to know?
Several cities in Broward County
fear FPNL, Florida Plunder and
Lut is lost more than a few
in his building taxpayers for
light poles that don't exist.
Uh-huh.
Not Florida Plunder and Lut.
G.
Sounds dishonest to me.
The dispute between the cities
and the utility giant over the true
number of streetlights has reached
the face-off in Pomp and O Beach.
But I still don't have
any Pomp and O Park copy, Troy.
I'd be more than happy to do it
to throw a spot in there.
Go to Pomp and O Park,
lose your money, have a good time.
One of the good news from the
Hump of the other day is that
they're not going to have to
close down the poker rooms at
the Pirm mutual just because
the slots are coming in,
even though your fat ass
government want to shut that
down.
I say shut the lottery down.
City leaders said they've been
paying for 453 light poles
too many in Pomp and O Beach.
They planned to slice 60-1,000
plus from their electric bill
nice month, recouping more than a
year of overpayments
whether FPNL likes it or not.
So there you go.
Tamaracking close springs also
are counting poles to see
whether the residents are being
overbilled.
What if they're counting poles
in Buffalo?
Public work staff is in
Coral Springs, sampled 600 lights
in their city they couldn't
find 36 of them.
In Fort Lauderdale, recent
annexations have led city
officials to wonder whether
they too are being
overcharged by Florida
Plunder and Lut.
The doubting began in Pomp and O Beach
where leaders have argued for
more than a year that FPL has
overcharged the city.
The power company charges
governments of flat rate for
every streetlight but doesn't
often update its counts.
In December 2004,
say these presented the
power company with their
survey totally 6200 street
lights, they told FPNL they were
overpaying by over four
grand a month for the
153 missing light poles.
Email records your city
officials placed the
fixed bill never resolved.
Just like those bills
that easily keep fit.
You know, like from the
satellite people, never paid
never resolved.
That's me on my Pomp and O Beach.
Well there you go.
You can rip off, man.
I know.
I'd write to somebody.
Write to the Harold.
Call up the L Sunshine on
Channel 4 and see if
he'll wave his ham-hawks at.
766 goes.
We're not going to make a
thousand today and that's
going to be really depressing
because you people are
really slackin' off 774.
See how it's
hoping we get to like 800 by
noon?
Not going to happen.
Nope.
Well, so how are we going to
get to a thousand?
Get out and push.
We're going to push it.
Hmm hmm.
Which, and you know, well we
had a really slow start because
ordinarily I put the next
days pull on around 6.7
and the PM to give them a
head start.
Because we don't want them to
get too bored with the
previous one.
Virginia's comments piss you
off the most.
Maybe they just don't like
this pull because they
all agree with everything I
say because how, you know,
how could they not?
I agree with everything I
say.
That was my vote.
None of his comments piss me
off 633, a full 81.7%.
His comments about politics
peen you off 33.
I get peed off.
His comments about blacks
26.
His comments about religion
26.
How about religious blacks?
Fakers like Al Sharpton.
His comments about
guns 26.
His comments about
Orthodox Jews 10.
Just wait till July, man,
when they like we're in a
400 pounds of clothing the
heavy coat with a big
shmata on the head and they
smell like the end of the
world.
As a matter of fact, if you
wonder what the end of the
world smells like, come to
woodbind.
Okay.
His comments about
Cubans 9.
His comments about
colors 8.
His comments about red
next.
Soldamate trace.
I don't understand that.
Maybe we just don't got no
red next to get pissed off.
Out of 7.78.
That's great.
We'll get to the 1000.
You'll see.
Or there's a will.
There's a will.
There's a will.
There's a will.
There's a will.
Tom says, listen to what
interview with Kevin Phillips
on NPR's fresh areas that
they regarding his new book
American Theocracy in which
he blasted Bush and laid out
the obvious connection between
the right wing, big world,
and the war.
There's the Bush constituency.
Radical religious right wing
is led by the Cheneyites who
equate national security
with private sector
profits.
What a shock.
Did anyone ever tell the
kids of their parents at the
recruiting office that
were brought to embark on a
great Christian crusade to
make exon executives richer?
No, they were set off to be
named and murdered so they
could accomplish the great
mission of their
democratization.
Right, Democrat democracy is
on the march.
There he is, he's in
Wheeling West Virginia.
So?
I retired approximately two years.
He's Wheeling it.
After all the lies, if we're
finally to believe that our
nation's ultimate purpose in
Iraq is to bring the true meaning
of American democracy to a
bunch of religious zealots,
then when it hasn't been
more appropriate for our
soldiers to look home, scratch
their heads and say, we have
met the enemy and he is us.
But that's not like something
that Charles Schultz would say
in Pino.
Didn't he say four score in
the seven years ago?
Just the other day?
I think he said that.
Charlie Schultz.
What was that?
George Schultz.
Sergeant Schultz.
See, this is one of, this is
one happens when you eat way
too much and you don't
test your blood sugar.
You know what I'm saying?
It's a drain.
It drains the flow of the
blood from your brain and all
of a sudden it's like you
have like a vacuum.
It drains your brain.
It's a brain drain.
Like we have an
ecu-em-sales department.
There are a bunch of
brain drain.
A strain.
Prost-speaking of a strain,
Prost-cute is
dropped sex case against
teacher.
Did you see this?
Yes, I did.
I let out a hoop, a
hoop, and a holler.
I see.
You like her?
Sure.
She's a nice, blonde young
lady.
You know, my heart goes out
to her and this is the only.
She's got her hand over her
heart.
She looks like she's
seeing the anacidlantum or
something.
I'm here for her.
I'm here for you, Debbie.
And she ain't interested.
I know.
Prost-cute is if drop charges
yesterday against the former
teacher accused of having
sex with a middle school
student, but teacher,
Deborah LaFave, offered her
deepest apologies to the
14-year-old boy and his
family.
LaFave, this is an
O'Cala, where they were
just horse and around.
LaFave 25 said she's
undergoing therapy for
bipolar disorder.
That's exciting.
That's what I thought
that she was by.
Very, very
remorseful about the events
that led to her arrest in
June 2004.
She's very remorseful.
And on the story, you can
click on the link and watch
her explain it.
Make it.
Not.
My greatest regret would
probably be the fact that I
put this young man through
this, she said.
LaFave thought reading in a
suburban camp a middle
school before her arrest.
The boy told the
investigators he had sex
with LaFave three times
in four days in June 2004
according to court documents.
One of those times was in a
car while a 15-year-old
cousin drove him around
in four or 30s.
I wonder if his cousin was
looking in the rearview
mirror like, I think?
Probably.
Or like reaching back
over the seat.
He grabbed a little
something.
Of course, I'm not sure
what he was grabbing.
He also says he performed
oral sex on him multiple
times, including once
at her home.
In November of
February the guilty in
Hillsborough County
court to two counsel,
Lutin, Las Vegas
behavior, she was
sentenced in a shadow
to be spanked.
Yeah.
That's a sheer idea.
She was sentenced in that
case to three years under
house arrest and seven years
probation required to
register as a sex
offender.
One of the incidents was
alleged to have occurred
in Marion County.
So similar charges also
were filed there.
And LaFave's defense
negotiated a similar
P agreement.
The fact that he was
tossed out yesterday by
Marion County's
superior court judge
Hale Stancell and
prosecutors there dropped
charges when the team
bought the testifying.
He's mum.
He ain't speaking.
It's over.
And this time the case is
really over and for good
LaFave's lawyer, John
Fitzgibbon, told reporters.
We can only hope now
that next few weeks Debbie
will basically fade into
a footnote in everybody's
memory except the
kid accord.
No, no.
It needs the post for
playboy or something.
In a written statement
assistant, state attorney
Richard Ridgeway said the
trial was likely to be broadcast
on cable TV, raising
concerns about the privacy
of the boilerplate was
accused of molesting.
He would have been the
prosecutor's key witness
for not no mol.
The court may be willing
to risk the well-being of
victims in this case or
to force it to trial
Ridgeway said, I am not.
LaFave criticized the
extensive media coverage
of her case received
accusing reporters of
impending the privacy of
her former student.
She said she was taking a
journalism course online
adding, God has given me a
great outlet to write.
Damn God!
And I would hope I could
reach people through writing.
I'm a strong Christian
woman.
She said, I believe that God
has a path for me and
that was just a bump in
the road.
She said it felt like a
bump.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516QAWATSAL.
Uh-huh.
This is Pope John Paul
Lins.
Think that he asked me.
They only think more
fun than playing
grad-ass with a Swiss guy.
Is the Neil Rogers 12-1-Hour?
Oh.
I'm a strong Christian woman.
I'm a strong Christian woman.
I'm a strong Christian woman.
I'm a strong Christian woman.
I'm a strong Christian woman.
I'm a strong Christian woman.
I'm a strong Christian woman.
I'm a strong Christian woman.
You woke me up early this morning.
I'm a strong Christian woman.
I'm a strong Christian woman.
I'm a strong Christian woman.
I'm a strong Christian woman.
I'm a strong Christian woman.
I'm a strong Christian woman.
I'm a strong Christian woman.
You're on pitch, you're so stinky
It's not like I can't be on my sweater
Oh, the real where I was said
I think I'm gonna send you a letter
Saying you're so stinky
When I'll drive and hold in the air with you here
Because you smell like someone's vomit makes which sail here
I'm stuck in this time
And get down to feeling just a little bit tired of this
It's so open, nice perfume, you know it does exist
Oh, I'll care if the White House everything is okay
I'll wear a fly
It's a lot of the robot checked out the package
And a motor like moldy wood when it works
Check your pulse, you smell like a quartz bud
When you're in your hair and wash your red
Wreck them to shut the exit for you red
I'm some speed stick for your armpits
You're so stinky
Smell like a peppy hot sweat
Oh, the real where I was said
All clear at the White House everything is A okay
797 votes on the pool
We're not gonna make our thousand notes
We get to about 850 by the bottom of the hour
You folks better get with and hop on it
Asked out what your talk host can do for you
Ask what you can do a very minimal effort
Of course I think that's the whole audience now
And it's 750 some about right?
790
790
Man held at the White House suspicious package probe
But there's nothing worse than a suspicious package
Man of Tostey suspicious package out of the North lawn
Of the White House today has been taken into custody
According to the Secret Service
Well, I guess I won't watch him Michael more today
This individual has done a similar act in the past
He's in custody since he could serve as spokesman Tom Mazer
I wonder if he's keen to build Mazer
The old sports nerd guy from Buffalo and then WHN in New York
Which is now the station at Moorazon
The package was noticed just after President Bush left
I helicopter from the South lawn on the opposite side of the White House
For a trip to Wheeling West Virginia
What a good place for him
A remote control device was used to probe the package
It was Robbie the robot I'm sure of it
Right?
Right, just a few days ago
No, I didn't
Oh, come on
A remote controlled robot was used to probe the package
It was probing it and the offensive runs along Pennsylvania Avenue
Normal security protocols are in place Mazer said
The Secret Service secured the White House
Emraged its internal alert system by one level during the investigation
To, um,
BAAAAMING
Pink
Report is camera men and photographers who were told to remain inside the briefing room
Well, off it, but now we got the all clear
Everything is just A-OK
OK
Everything's fine
Thanks God
5670560, 0560, and they've arrived in singular wireless lines
Well, at East Fones man have died off like Abe Lincoln
Just as dead as a door nail
Aren't you shocked?
Nope
I think it's going to be a long hot summer
I don't want to get your old nervous
Always in and out there
June is always two only two months away
I know
No, three, I'm sorry, three months
Oh, I'm sorry
Don't count your chickens before or in a hatch
Three months away
Damn, April made
And we got only, I think one more exhibition is Marlon Daygames next to the 1250
Yeah, exactly
Somebody QYM, hello
Neil
Yes, sir
Hey, I was gone to see V for Vendetta
Did you hear?
No, you were out in Josh's eye
Did they like it?
George thought it was OK, Josh liked it a lot
Yeah, I liked it a lot
Actually, while I was on hold a few times when I was calling
I heard you say Christian Crusader reminded me of the point I wanted to make on your show
A while ago, I forgot to do it
What has religion
What has religion produced?
Who did more?
What is religion produced?
What has religion put forward?
What inventions has it made?
What has it contributed in history?
Well, we learned that the earth was flat, we learned that
Hey, it got a lot of people to heaven
Right
A lot of people killed
Their point of view is based in religion, you know, these psychopaths
But we're running the country
They're based on a point of view that's based on what is it produced?
Other events, based on the evidence in superstition and focus, all of these things
Anyone who calls in and says charity, my God, who hasn't given something charitable in their life
It's religion is not needed to give charity, so other than that
I want people to call in and tell me what has religion done?
I'm here to listen when you hear your own show, you haven't called in and tell you that
Because I don't want to hear about it, it's all nonsense
Somebody QAM, hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
I got two comments
I just saw Steve America the other day, I've never seen a report
Excellent
Why did Michael Moore blow himself up?
Because he's a terrorist
He is a terrorist?
Well, I mean, according to the right wing, yeah
And there's a second comment
The second comment is America and Syria
You hear that right up?
Yeah, sure you will
Well, it reminds me of some of the clips they showed in the interviews with some of the soldiers in Iraq
About killing some effin, you know, a ragheads or whatever it is
You saw that, well that was in also in turn, in 2011
All of these movies that we've been watching
Be sure to watch loose change part two on our website, even though I know what you won't
You won't even look at the Dreamfield pasta thing
We just, you know, we just lost the club, that's all
And it's just a coincidence that it happened a long time the new regime came along, you know
It's just a coincidence, I'm sure
We were kicking big fat smelly ass for a long time for years, even on this marginal sports station
And then this new regime came along and man, oh man, you talk about dropping the balls
How's that Palpatot Park spot coming?
I'm serious, I would give them a free spot
If Steve will, just thanks me direct the copies, he's got the fast number, I give him a free spot
Urge everywhere, come out for the racing 735
Then I had to poke a room as open now, eight minutes ago
We got the slots coming in July, we got time on casting you made these seven days week free parking for your admission
Every day
Racing Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, what live racing?
Third, it was in here somewhere
Looking at something like that
Looking joyously
Yeah
It's great, how many QIMs? Hello
Hello
Yes sir
And I picked the new piece
And then of course that one steamer, everybody's a mad demon, faggot, faggot everywhere
Yes sir, speaking
I just wanted to find out if you saw our president dodging every question that he gave him on
Supposedly the new press conference that he gave him
Yeah, I've seen it, yeah I was right here, I've seen it
Well I think he just tried to advise everything that you know everybody wants to know
And for the next two years he's going to be the same story man
Okay man, thanks for the bulletin
5670560, how do you like that? Was that a perceptive crawler one? That was pretty good
Right on it
Just finished his guacamole
Okay, goodbye, bye-bye
See I don't even waste my time with it, just like stick my finger on it
Squash it, like a, like a, like a, under the block
Right, like step it and do
5670560, last call for calls maybe this week
Okay, I might just like dispense with all these calls this week because I don't know why I keep doing this you know
I keep trying to talk since this new management into our sales staff
And talk to a Troy Stratford about getting the, and about getting a straight answer out of Duff
Hey Duff, let me say it again
I don't care who you are, you fairy
We're gonna have a response man, look at this underwhelming response
Happy 30th anniversary Neal, by the way we don't want to talk about anything
We went for months and months and months man, these phones were smoking, am I right?
They were smoking
And then somebody stood with your stuff
And by the way you could smoke that two ounces by the weekend
Hey, you got that right
Well you said yesterday two ounces is an awful lot, I don't think for a guy like you
Yeah
You can handle it, it's a toy by the way
You know what I'm saying, it's you and Joe Kustello
He had
Oh, that's whatever happened to him
I don't know what you're talking about
Get out of here, stop talking crap on here, you say one thing off here and then on here you're all like sucking up to the day
Everything that I've said about Joe Kustello
You're gonna have to say something
You just ain't the same, he's just not the same
I don't know what he's missing to me
Yeah, he is the same, so maybe you didn't notice something before
Oh I'm, I apologize, that's your right
That was excellent
Stephanie Kya, UAM, hello
Uncle Neil, yes
The banter about the why you and Hank have this morning about we met the enemy
And he is us with actually a cartoon called Pogo that was indicated
Walter, was that Walter Lance?
Uh, or Mark Lance, Walter Lance, the Woody Woodburger, no, was not Charles Schruel's Pogo, so well done
You hit the nail on the head, but you were over like, as in he was
So it was, it was a good deal
And he still won't take his blood sugar, he's not gonna care about staying alive this guy
I don't know what I'm gonna do with that man, but that's that man
Huh, no you're right
Just, just be programy, just tell me, I forget about it
If you were here at Slapia
Yeah, give me a little slap on the side of the head and slap the motto of you
You're right, fat people, you're not gonna be fat, they want to die, we can do it
That's it, it is
We're taking a look at this
That is it
It's 5.62
This is your ball on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs, they don't come any better than Neil Roger
Are you obsessed with sports?
Hearing for ball teams from colleges you've never been to?
Worshiping this functional drawing men called Cove?
Hey Cove!
Unable to form your own opinion so you resort to calling a sport whole radio show for their cake
But you need something to do in the queen games, don't you?
Or you're being forced to think?
Well take this, sport whole, Jack Strap Gun
Don't get drunk, don't be long enough
Surround yourself with sports inside and out, with the satisfying taste of growing juice
Jack Strap Gun is individually wrapped sticks of yellow gum, assorted in the flavor of your favorite athlete
So embrace the dumbness and enjoy the long lasting flavor of congealed sweat
Don't be long enough
Don't be long enough
Don't be long enough
Don't be long enough
I think that would be an even better slogan than the one I had in mind about this QAM
The stage that takes the joy out of living
Embraced the dumbness of sports talk
So like that embrace the dumbness
Okay, 829 vote met 1216
It means like by the bottom of the air we ought to have about 8 feet
And we'll do it, we'll get our thoughts on it, it's better what Josh said before
No confidence man, you see me do it before you see me put these people over the edge by just slapping them
I whip at them in a shake, they're so lethargic
It's sad, it's tragic, it's such a lethargic place
Must be that sunshine that just melts everybody in the state of lethargy
Sitting off in a corner in a big lounge chair shoveling all kinds of Doritos and crap in their fat face
And who the hell am I to talk after eating all that damn ice cream and all that garbage I was eating for?
Yeah, that's right for a month, it's a miracle I'm still alive
Yes it is
And I'm lecturing other people
Just that I happen to discover something that I'm really excited about and nobody else cares
Nobody all of the beast was asking to see
And I want to clarify one thing about that beam feels not leaving alone
Because I'm not making no money off of it and it cost me an arm and 16 legs that I've shipped up here
But I have two shipments
I got enough to feed the Chinese army
But it's not like the, because we've in the past had some substitute postes
And that's why people that I've been expressly are really a very leery of this stuff
Like that slimy, sure talking noodle stuff I talked about
Oh man, shoe leather, shoe laces, horrible crap
But this is like regular postes, they have any tofu in it, no soy
Yes, soy what?
It's made from durm similine, I beg your pardon?
No soy what?
Speak it in English, will you please?
No soy gay, not this week, but I've heard it
5670560, pound 560 in the Verizon Singular wireless line
I've got 45,000 very, very important stories here, but I would much rather talk to you folks
Wouldn't it be, don't you think?
Yeah, let's see, I would rather hear the articulate, the poignant comments that you people have got to pass along
WQAM, hello
intellectual line
WQAM, hello
Now QAM, yes sir
Hey, I know it's all news, about a week or two ago you were talking about Rump Steel and so forth
Didn't you leak it out that they actually did shoot down that plane in Pennsylvania?
No, he leaked it out
Yeah, remember you did
Well he made a comment, he made the, it depends on how you interpret the comment
Yes, it's on that loose change, go watch it again, yeah
There's one sentence that he said you can certainly interpret it that way
But watch the movie, okay, it's on our website, hour and twenty minutes
loose change part two, it's got the, you don't have to watch the first one because it's the second one's just the same with expanded the stuff
Additional footage
Do you think they're gonna watch it?
No
No, and I have no way of finding it, and maybe Eric can pass it along to me
Because he in the little little chat room, he's in the box, he was filling his fat face again
There's another one man, and he's young
He has lost a lot of weight since the time he was a little bit older
Thank God for that, Eric, you ought to be on that beam field stuff, you ought to have your lovely Japanese wife get that stuff
And cook up a head, and don't eat too much of it, like George said, two ounces enough, he could smoke it by the end of the day
That's right, and when they get that rice going
Yeah, and they said pay the, on the taters
I love the taters
Me too
In fact, I don't know about, I don't think I ever had a Wendy's Bake Potato, we looked at chives and the sour cream
I'm like crazy, but I like jyder, you gotta just drown it in stuff just to make it, you know
Yeah, but what about we always told you about that food that you have to like all the prices the same way
Although I do like pasta, like garlic and butter
Oh, they're just butter and salt, man, and all the, I can eat my weight in it
Could you?
Yeah, of course I love my macaroni and cheese, I might get some of them elbows
In fact, I might just share some cheese on my elbows at lunchtime
Yeah, that's kind of looking, I wish I was double-jointed like Ron Jermon, obvious reasons
Do I have any QAM? Hello
Yes, I love it, I want to speak to you
Speaking
Hey, how are you doing?
I'm good, great
The other day, I decided to take you guys at first, the other day I rented a net work
And, did you call us sleep?
No, it was the best advice
I was mad at hell, I was thinking of you guys
And I opened up my window and began to say
I'm good
Yeah, because I am mad as hell, and you know what I thought of it
I treated myself for a new year's ease, I took a flight to Amsterdam
Really?
And that was awesome
That was awesome
Were you talking about that?
I said that at the Royal Hotel, the Royal Hotel was right there at Dam Square
Oh, and that Dam Square, yeah
And that Dam Square?
So you must have seen the Grand Cras de Poleskiy
I saw all of it, and you know what I thought of it?
You would take a few trips up the route of gasoline there, the warmest about
And gasoline
And gasoline in the car
And light in the lights, in the car
I saw only three cops, you know what they were doing?
They were saying, well, I thought they were talking each other drinking
Right
It was the best trip, and you know what, within a year I am getting my ass out of here
Okay, okay
I'll still be
So team, do we?
There you go, and there's a guy that went to Amsterdam and liked it
I'll go back, I always get, I just ain't what he used to be
Because there's too many Dutch people there
If they get rid of the Dutch people, let all the tourists come in there and have a fun time
The Dutch are not fun people, you know what I mean?
What it is?
They're about as much fun people as the bush people are, it's just not fun, not a barrel of laughs
And hey, and hey, everybody, you think the French hate everybody, the Dutch really hate everybody
Oh, it's mad
It's just the way they are, man
And the fact that there's all that permissiveness, it's got nothing to do with them
It's just their government, it has nothing to do with the Dutch people
They are not, they're not liberal, they're not progressive, they're not friendly, they're just what they are
They're slimy, they're like those noodles
Remember noodles in that lotion-cogal?
837, they don't like the Jews either, like the Swedes, they hate the Jews
But then again, like that, that says everybody hates the Jews
837 on a pool, we get to a thousand, you'll see
If now we're staying on the air, we get to a thousand, who's on it too?
Oh, Gelly, hold on
He'll wait, he doesn't care, he's not a hard-nast like his predecessor
Femini QYM, hello
A meal of your aunt, big black one in your mouth
Femini QYM, hello
5670560, pound 560, they've arrived in Singular, wireless line
Femini QYM, hello
Hey Neil, how are you?
Pretty good
So how's the progress coming on the Florida bullet train?
Call up your fat ass governor and ask him how it's coming, okay?
It'll be here along with full fledg casino gambling in about two weeks, full fledg casino's craft
In fact that's your governor's specialty is crafts
Femini QYM, hello
My share goes to her
Femini QYM, hello
Hey Uncle Neil, happy boy to 30th
Well thanks
I was arriving in Amsterdam the day of the 30th, so I could say exactly
When you guys go to Amsterdam, that's where the whole audience is, they're all playing games square
I actually called George the week before I left, sorry George, no role
Femini
I looked around with no thanks, but I have to say
You're going to give you 10 votes of peace for it
Let me say George, Josh, it's heaven on earth, it's the best place in the planet
You gotta get there, it's great
The name is the best place in the planet
Well, the shirt's held better than here
Oh well, so is Wheeling West Virginia
Oh, no thank you
I do know, lady from the way
Charleston, South Carolina, so it's Binghamton to New York
So is Ishmael, Michigan
Well I just wanted to say that great city and have a great show tonight
Where did you say?
I'm in North Miami
No, I mean now, I mean in Amsterdam, where did you say that?
Oh, I say that the hotel intel?
Oh yeah, I know where that is
Yeah, right across from the Betty Booth, great coffee shop
Huh
Alright guys, okay thanks, lady had a good time
Later
I'm certainly speaking about all the good stuff, Amsterdam
This dream field, Greenfield, Brothers 4
What was the one we played yesterday?
Oh the Kingston Trio
That's right
We have all, huh?
Peace here, we're all right
Well, Peace here recorded it too, you know, he could sing, he thought
He was kind of like his own Bob Dylan, you know, he thought he could sing
He, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he
he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he
he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he
him in his aquafans is great radio him in his little traveling entourage of a sicker fans of klingons.
see that's one thing in life I'm not really fun of is klingons you might mean by that thing go berries?
yeah like that people who are like attached to hip kind of like clearance in his boyfriend's ear the new trimmer
although I do like to be slow, beast is okay. He's okay.
yeah, he's seriously he's he's harmless. He's a means well.
he's he's he's he's he's hard to take him in large doses, but in small doses he's okay.
five seconds here, two seconds here. He's all right. He got me some tickets.
so I'm going to be nice to him for the like other. I like him just fine.
he's nobody else digs. Joe Rose hated him and Moe of course hated him,
but hated everybody else too. Right. And who else? And the for all was I want to remember kept
I like about my show to be done. Yeah. Well, that's because the beast had those big numbers.
Yeah, that was a belt. That was his belt size. Yeah.
Now he's okay, but then of course there's always Robert.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is Neil Rogers.
and that's why we did bedtime first because I know that the audience is composed of
intellectual folks from I'll work I'll walk sublime. I'll work that's right. You know,
speaking of lunatics, I just got an email from your friend in sales with new
dollar max his copy emails it. Well, guess what? I can't download it. We've gone through that
before. Yeah, I don't think that that email okay. You can fax it. You can give it to George
and he'll fax it to me. I'm like a regular sheet of copy paper. That's why we do copy a WQAM
where your life ain't worth a dime. Oh, look at me too. He did. I've already I've already told him
that you're not interested in having a copy. Okay. I want a physical piece of copy. Now what's
the story is he had worked working from the nursing home we can only pray? No, it's time yesterday
today to add or in the world. Well, why isn't he capable of like bringing you and I realize
a great stress on his walker. Hey, I'm waddling around or Lee is shoving it out of the door
putting in a bottle and floating it up this game. I don't have to tell you how much effort is
involved in getting up and going to the printer. Yeah, and waddling it over here. Right. He can
die happily. Somebody else do it. Okay. This is what's going on and we got a new sales guy
back there and this was Joe Bells came to fame was that he was revitalizing and reorganizing
the sales department. You've got to be Schmidt and me man. This is pathetic. Samo, what did I say before
back in January and February? What did I tell you? Monday Saturday. What did I say? The liars will
continue to lie and the game players will continue to play games and guess what? The liars are continuing
to lie and the game players are continuing to play little games like Clarence and Robert and the Beast
and Jeff hi, hi, although I do want to send a message. Hi, howdy. The him and his boyfriend out there.
You still getting faxes from him by the way? Yes. No brother. See what I mean? Let's get a two
for. Let's get a package deal. Only Reneerie were still around. Remember he had package deal.
Over the road. He had been sixty three votes on the appol A. F. Rell had package deals too.
Different kind of deal. Got him. A fire package. Thor. Yeah. Cash and carry. Man dies stuck in the mud
after running from deputies. Dallas, Texas. Old stick in the mud. I mean, it wasn't really a big deal.
Either a man running from a routine traffic stop early yesterday. Sank wasted deep in mud and
apparently died of a document called while authorities tried to pull it out. Deputy stopped Sean
E. LaFlor 33 for having an updated registration sticker. That sounds like that to McDuffy case in
Tampa. Remember that years ago? Arthur McDuffy? I thought that was here. No, the riots were there.
The McDuffy thing happened in Tampa. I thought it happened here. The riots were in Liberty City. You
better get your history straight now, Mr. Alright. He thought he was wanted. That's in fact to do a
Google on it. Arthur. Okay. If I'm dying, you're lying. There's a giveaway round. If I'm lying,
you're both dying. He thought he was wanted. That's why he ran. Perid said Sergeant Don Perid's
but it turns out he wasn't on a for anything except his driver's license was expired.
The floor ran about 700 yards off the road where he got stuck in the mud. The weather was windy
temperatures were in the upper 30s. The dark field which have been saturated by heavy rain.
Deputy searched about an hour before finding one. Can the movies when you see people go into the
quicksand like that and disappear? They called for help and tried for another hour to pull them
out. He died. He suffered from exhaustion exposure, toxicology, results pending. A passenger in
the forest vehicle was not injured. Well, thank the Lord for that. Thank you.
Deal good for that. Oh, look at that. How now? How did this magic become? Did he bring this into
you? I told you he emailed it to me. Oh, and you and so you printed it out and so I printed it out.
Thank you for the picture. It's amazing. Well, these are both the same or yeah, these are both the same,
right? Yes. You just sent it twice to be extra nice. No, I always said it was. Well, it came out.
It came twice. Well, just to be sure. That's it. I guess the facts machines on your end of my
knew who we were doing with. Well, there you go. It only took a herniotic effort to get a change of
copy after a month and a half. There you nice go on air out, Pauline. Also on a way. What's that?
The Arthur McDuffer E story. There was not in Tampa? It was here. Like I said.
No. And yes, I know I know mentioned this before, but you forgot very briefly. I did. I was here from Tampa.
I don't know. You got the story there. Not in a year. It's there. I briefly dated the secretary that
worked with Janet Reno during that entire thing. And if you're asking wasn't I going to be dating the
secretary? The answer is yes. Are you dating the secretary during the McDuffee ride? No, no, afterwards.
And she got to transcribe this particular secretary got to transcribe all of the internal stuff.
So she was going to be telling me why dating Janet Reno. Yes, we go way back me and Janet. Did you
compare notes? Yeah, that little shakiness that she's got going? It ain't all bad.
Arthur McDuffee died in 79 was an former insurance salesperson in Miami. Florida police
caused one of the worst rides in the US to the 80s Liberty City rides. McDuffee sold insurance.
Had been a US Marine military police officer. He had two daughters and planned to marry his
former wife and nurse when the incident happened. I told you if I'm lying, you're dying.
On December 17, 1979, Dave police spotted him doing stunts on his motorcycle and McDuffee was
unarmed. Led them in a high speed chase. I would have sworn it was in Tampa. When he stopped,
what officers beat him into a coma? When reinforcements arrived, the officers lied,
saying McDuffee had been injured in a crash. Days later, he died from his beatings. Four officers
were indebted in the case, three charged with manslaughter, one charged with secondary
remurder. On May 17, 1980, an all-white jury reached a verdict that the four officers were not
guilty. A riot started in which 18 people died, property damage is made $100 million.
Of course, to show you, my twisted memory of history and fans. Sorry.
I guess, guys, I'm going to hold you now far. Probably the diabetes, too.
Oh, yeah, that must be it. My mind's getting a lot sharper now that I'm down to 187, man.
I haven't given you a number like that in a long time. You're right about that.
That's the lowest I've weighed in years. In years, Mr. Taylor. I still got a way to go, about
27 pounds. Got a fact from I-Dine who you don't want to hear from anymore? Yes, I don't.
With the exact same thing that I just had. I-Dine on the hair. What? The exact same thing that I just
had. From all the media. Go away, I-Dine. I-Dine. Get lost. Get out of our face.
That's an inside. Then we figure out who that was last week. I-Dine.
Let me remind you. We might never get. Somebody, we know just like that Foni,
thanks. I got that day from that law firm. What the hell was it? Cohen? Not Cohen and Cohen.
Is that place? Remember that? No. About the quick talking about our blaming and hurricane
for the radium. Yeah. Yeah. Remember that? Yeah. That very familiar hand right in the chronic
car from a car to the street. It was what? That was from across the street. Oh, I'm sure of that.
I'm sure of that. We'll take a look at their fine numbers during the hurricane. So in other
If the hurricane hadn't been with it, is that supposed to mean we had they had no audience during the month of November across the street?
Everybody in their audience died and of course believe me if you turn on most of those shows you would too
OJ who you can see
Roger's God ever dreamed of being a past in 80s top star who now makes a full of herself every week on national television
Well now you can with the fall that had been met yet a school of Brandon thought an info here at shiver jammer
That's right in just three short weeks. We'll teach you how to stammer and
We'll teach you how to stare blindly at the camera and flirt out of slurred rambling and totally disjointed sent him every from
Your stance and the moment you open up your mouth
You're actually giving me a hesitate in the hatching the distant and embarrassment you'll create for your co-workers who are forced to sit next to you and behave as if nothing is wrong
I apologize. I apologize to America. I'm for your son at the polo
Abdul Mednav School of Brandon thought an incoherent chipper. Just when you feel that you can get me worse
You did call now
1 800 chipper jammer, that's 1 800 chipper. Japper. Half forty five at five sixty
I would have sworn in that air from WWE. There was from Tampa. There was some kind of a Tampa connection to that story
I'll bet you anything about any amount you want. He probably had heard of Tampa
No, maybe he went to Bernstake house once that likely
880 votes on a pool which if we get to 900 by the top of the, or we should be good for
a thousand and don't, and don't forget it's very important because for every vote that
we're short of a thousand at the end of each day on the show, for each vote that we're
short, Josh gets a dollar subtracted from his monthly paycheck.
That's right.
So if we have a bad week, it's going to be like, have a minus in front of it.
I'm thinking of plus maybe.
A minus.
Well what happens if we get over a thousand?
Well not partly a clearance fraternity.
He's not a UM fan.
He's not a, he's not Jewish.
And he's not part of that little core of the guys that sit around in a circle and I
am a UM fan but that's beside the point.
No you're not.
A UM-1 football fan.
I am.
You like their perch easy team?
Huh?
How about a UM hockey team?
Actually Miami of Ohio has got a very good hockey team.
You know that there's a little trivia for it and not that you care.
Why do I stick in a hockey?
We got Gjoljit too from the Yenthah center baby with Eric Reed talking to his teeth at
330, the heat guy.
Eric Reed talks to his teeth.
And then we got the mad dog at 4.0630, Panther previous 6.30 and the Panthers host the Washington
Crapidels and Alexander Ovechkin.
Don't be question if you don't see Ovechkin.
He got Benzia the night.
For being a jackass, playing a great player.
I don't care what anybody writes.
He's great.
Alexander Ovechkin, you can go to see him.
Okay.
Well they're playing the Panthers and the Crapidels.
They must game 7 o'clock tonight.
Panthers are on fire.
Maybe they're smoking it.
You go there for that.
Sure.
And on 1360, we got the Hurricane Warmup with Lair and Jettick are Clarence and Spastic
Joe Zagaki on 1360, AMWKAT at 738 o'clock.
Hurricane is in Michigan and IIT.
Any K on 2A with 10?
What a joke.
It's only stations that have worked on.
We're going to have to get like the program lineup for two different stations because we're
always farming it out.
That would be our billboard campaign.
Farm out.
887.
Boy, I'm in heaven.
We're going to make that 1000 just to show Josh the thing or two.
You didn't think we could do it.
You're going to be famous.
I'm telling you, you had your doubts.
You've seen me in action do this thing and force these people whether they want to or
not.
They don't want to.
They don't want to.
They don't want to get off their ass and go to the computer and got cast of vote on
there.
You know, just for vote, none of his, what he says, pisses me off.
That will help him keep it over 80% because if it goes under 80% we're all going to get
fired because we don't want to piss off or then Joyce will get her stick her fine finger
in the way.
See, we're dating who we were dating.
Jenner Reno's girlfriend.
That's right.
Wow.
Make something up.
Figure the better.
Why I didn't understand what you said.
The secretary of the Mac Duffy.
One of the things.
Listen, the state attorney has a secretary.
You'll pull the state attorney has that which would have been Jenner Reno.
Passed by Fernandez.
Runway, we're dating her.
That's right.
Yeah.
Those kids, those kids, hers, their mind.
I said, we're always getting into trouble and getting arrested.
But here's more about that good old time religion.
By the way, that some of you are defending.
We're not too happy with that.
I don't see how many people, 31 people say they're most pissed off.
My comments about religion.
Well, you know what?
Too bad.
Raspberry.
A big juicy raspberry.
It's like a cream.
It's like a godfart to me.
It was not a fart.
You know, you're just, I tell you, you're one step away from having Joyce come there
and beat your ass with a club.
I love to meet her.
Yeah, but you would.
I bet you she farts.
I bet you she farts rancid.
Oh my god.
You would, you would just swoon like death.
You would swoon if you were a small elevator like the one there at our building.
They said that.
They thought it's death.
And she cuts some nasty, nasty elephantine cheese.
You would be plastered against the side of the wall, gasping for an oxygen mask.
I have no doubt.
That's what I hear.
That's what Norma Kent said.
Since she farts up a storm right there at lunch.
In the days of the Taliban, this is that religious.
This is more on the story we had yesterday, but the agrarian probably going to get off
or at least is going to cause you would convert into Christianity.
And thank God we got rid of the Taliban who were promoting freedom in democracy in
Afghanistan and Iraq.
That's right.
Freedom in the Taliban.
And the days of the Taliban, those promoting Christianity in Afghanistan could be arrested
and those converting from Islam could be tortured and publicly executed.
That was supposed to change after the U.S.
that forces out to the oppressive fundamentalist regime.
But the case of 41-year-old Abdul Rafman has many Western nations wondering if Afghanistan
is regressing.
Absolutely.
Regressing.
Louis in the wrong direction, kind of like Iraq.
Regressing.
Not progressing.
Regressing.
Like this radio station out of the new regime.
Rafman, a father of two, was arrested and is on trial for rejecting Islam.
The Afghan Constitution, which is based on Sharia or Islamic law, says that apostates can
receive the death penalty.
They want to sentence me to death and I have said that, Rafman told reporters last week,
but I'm not a visitor, not an infidel.
Do you like better?
Fidel or the infidel?
Oh, infidel's please.
He had been arrested after telling local police and me a person unrelated matter that
he converted to Christianity.
Not a good choice, not a good idea, Abdul.
Reports say he was carrying a Bible at the time.
I need a worse idea.
Oh my God.
He said he converted to Christianity 16 years ago after working with a Christian aid
group that assisted refugees in neighboring Pakistan.
Yesterday, a state prosecutor said, Rahman may be mentally unfit to stand trial.
We think he could be mad.
He's not a normal person.
He doesn't talk like a normal person.
He if he quoted prosecutor, sorry, something rather a Zamariah saying, senior a Zamariah.
Careful.
Boy, I'm doing a balook.
Balook?
Balook, yeah, maybe he knows Eddie.
A religious advisor to President Karzai said, Rahman, when I'd go a psychological exam,
doctors must examine him.
The AP quoted balook as saying, what if he's kind of Bernard Baruch?
Balook?
If he's mentally unfit, definitely Islam has no claim to punishing.
We must be forgiven.
The case must be dropped.
But on the other hand, wow.
Rahman's case raises thorny issues between Afghanistan and its Western allies.
And US officials this week made certain that Afghan Foreign Minister Abdullah Abdullah
who's in Washington for talks.
He's a kind of Jose Hamanas who's in Washington for talks at the US Afghan Strategic Partnership.
They understood their qualms.
They have qualms.
They have issues.
We've underscored also to Foreign Minister Abdullah that we believe that telements in freedom
and worship are important elements of a democracy.
US State Department spokesman Scott McCormick told reporters to say, what's that going
to start in America?
We urge the Afghan government to conduct any legal proceedings in a transparent and fair
manner.
There you go.
Freedom of religion.
You say freedom of speech, freedom of religion in America.
And now we're sending them all abroad.
We're outsourcing jobs, outsourcing freedoms too.
We don't have many more, but somewhere might, someday.
Now the good I want to know where yet.
Maybe in Amsterdam.
894 vote.
We'll pass 900 this hour like Josh is sliding down a slippery slope on a toboggan.
894.
The religion one is, well, let's see, it's right behind politics.
4.1% are pissed off.
I'm like, come on, it's too bad.
Those are the Bush people.
What is it going to take?
Who did more?
Huh?
My God, when are you going to wake up and sniff the pansies already?
What is wrong with you people for crying out loud?
How long can you get lied to and sold a bill of goods before?
I mean, are we that stupid?
Are you going to get any out of it?
Absolutely.
That naive?
Absolutely.
That gullible?
Absolutely.
Hey, Scott, almighty.
Christ.
4.1% of this audience is still hanging on.
Oh, gee, you're picking on our president.
He's our president.
We have to support the truth, you.
How come you hate America?
I'll tell you one thing.
What I hate is that 4.1%.
The number of them sawdust.
The number of them in a box of lilacs.
Gour, not planning to run for president, speaking of presidents.
Lock locks.
Former vice president, Al Gore, who invented the Internet, says this week he's not planning to run for president in 2008,
but has ruled out a future in politics.
I enjoy what I'm doing.
He told an audience at Middle Tennessee State University in Murphy's Bro, where he gave a lecture on global warming, one in a series.
I'm not planning to be a candidate again.
I haven't reached the stage in my life where I'm willing to say I'll never consider something like this.
He said, but I'm not saying that to be coy.
I'm just saying that to be honest.
That I haven't reached that point.
That's to be coy, you understand.
Gour, I Democrat, no less it says.
Here, lost the electoral votes of George W. on the fixed election.
Who do we know that?
Some Democrats still keep him in mind for another presidential run, and a credit earlier polls on potential candidates.
He's not doing so bad.
Since his last Gour, who turns 58 next week, not so old, has occasionally the word speeches on global warming and other political issues, often criticizing Bush policies, including that one ass ripping speech.
How dare they drag the good things of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein's torture and the war.
How do you like that?
A tipper must have tickled his fancy than I before made that speech, but he sounded like he was actually awake in alert and animated and motivated.
He also co-founded a useless TV network current TV, which started in August.
Mostly, teachers, documentaries by unfilmakers.
Remember that was supposed to be a liberal station that counteracted like Fox and all the other pages news we get.
No, but it was not.
And it ain't.
And inconvenient truth, the documentary on Gour's Global War and the Awareness Campaign premiered this year.
Like just a whole election.
How can you respect that, man, who stood up there in the Senate, presiding over the Senate as VP, banging the gavel on that black conque.
And telling them basically we're all F off.
Just like that thing with the fat people, the same thing.
F off.
Sit down.
Sit down.
You're out of order and he's banging the gavel.
I'm telling you, some of these people I think, I could be wrong.
I think some of these people were made an offer they couldn't refuse.
You think so.
After two face deletions, I have no evidence of it.
I have no proof.
It just being the suspicious and paranoid individual line.
We got 900 votes by the way.
Nice going guys.
Totally we can do it.
Piece of cake.
We'll pass a thousand like George rolling up a big fat one in the hero.
Actually, I don't allow the roller.
I have people to do that for me.
Oh, the Holy Roller.
That's right.
Maybe that's what you need.
For salvation, George needs a Holy Roller.
That's right.
Sometimes bring your own piece of paper.
Make sure you put your own piece of paper here.
Just like in that great movie that I had you watch.
What's the name of that movie?
I can never think of Woodsegrorney Weaver.
Oh, imaginary heroes.
Yeah.
Where she went in there.
That's very first she went in the convenience store to get the papers.
And he gave her that little bit of the cigar and told her to hollow it out and cut it in half.
She rolled a really big fat one.
Oh, that's so funny that you should mention that.
Just yesterday I'm sitting behind a pickup truck waiting for a red light coming here as a matter of fact.
And the two Jamaican guys sitting in the back on the way to work.
And one of them was doing just that.
He was hollowing out.
And the cigar and rolling up a blunt.
I'll be damned.
And I was listening to Ray Gay music at the time.
Well, I feel unnatural.
Oh, I speak out of that.
I speak out of little anecdotes for anecdotes.
So last night I met Woodbine, plunging on my machine mine.
And that come next to me with some machine now.
And I was like in and out.
Here comes a young black guy.
And not a real dark black.
But I don't know what he was.
Nor do I carry a nice guy.
But I'd say about 30.
About 30, man.
And he sits down and within, you know, he puts in his $20 bill and gets to spend $125.
So within seconds, because all I've told you, this all of the progressive machines are connected.
So very often you get similar spins from different machines to the other.
Very rarely.
So I get to spend about 36 later.
And of course it's 125.
And I felt, because he was, we were talking a little bit.
And I felt I wanted to say it.
I almost did, but I didn't say it.
Monkey see monkey do.
Oh, that would have been, yeah.
Meaning me.
In other words, yeah, yeah.
In other words, he got to 125 first.
And I got it.
Now that would, or maybe you see what I'm saying?
I got bored.
I got bored.
I got bored.
And I did.
I didn't say it.
Would that have been bad in bad style?
It probably could have been this construed.
That's when I was afraid of.
See, you have to be so careful.
I mean, he didn't seem like the kind of guy.
He seemed like he had a good sense of you.
And where I mean was talking to me, you know.
But I just, it's just that I would not have been cool to say that.
What a, no, no.
So for once, for once in my life, I did the right thing.
But you can always say monkey do.
No, that's what it smells like the future is down.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is the puri-bond.
You know, please, we're grandson.
So let me do our.
Do by parts world.
Chef Corp.
The United Arab Emirates.
In the Middle East, seriously.
Hey, don't worry.
We're good at recognizing terrorism.
Oh, hello Abdul.
Hi, Mohamed.
Hey, I need to check your cargo container.
Very carefully.
I hear something thinking.
What have you got in there, my friend?
And how are you?
What?
Excellent.
Come ashore.
Chef, Chef, Chef.
Do by parts world.
When it comes to safe port operations, we are all as you need.
Coming soon, Mexican drug lords will take over border security.
And Michael Jackson will oversee no child left behind.
Oh, right.
One o'clock at 5.60 WQ Amnesty, Gildey War, I'm sure.
We've already got Ray Verol and Panther hysteria.
Are you ready?
No.
Do you care?
No.
WQA M. Hello.
Listen, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I want to try to say to George if he got, if he rented a man by the dog yet or what.
No, no, I haven't.
Why not, bro?
I'm Stase Cadet.
Hey, everybody loves Canadians, right?
A ledge.
And I love large Puerto Rican.
Okay, good.
5.607, and one of your was Pajas.
5.607, oh, maybe they're on Crystal meth.
That's what they keep telling us on TV now is that everybody's doing Crystal meth.
I don't know anybody who's doing it.
Yeah, like people on TV know what people are doing.
Right.
Yeah.
I know I don't know anyone.
Other than you're in your house.
Is or has.
No, that's just people doing Crystal.
Oh.
Well, that sure leaves you out.
Yes, sir.
5.607, oh, 5.60, pound 5.60.
Well, you talk about opening up and doing it.
You can have a Mac truck through it.
I was really not going to.
Call the set up in the end.
pound 5.60, you know what's now?
We had the only set up we got is in that sales department.
Boy, oh boy.
I'd like to have a set up right here.
Good.
God.
And then this was the claim to fame.
This was the new regime.
This is what they were going to like really reorganize and get a real.
It's only March 20, a second for quite a lot.
Oh, man.
What are you people thinking about?
I think next time I go to Italy, I'm going to take a box of my.
Tossed along with me.
They never do it.
They would never get any record.
They're your cookies.
The rest of it say, hey, cook this way.
You're cooked or you're possibly.
Cheese inside.
Oh, let's say buff on do.
Exactly.
Fondue is right.
Speaking of fondue, how's that doing?
WNQAM.
Hello.
WNQAM.
Hola.
Hola.
I'm.
K.A.M.
Yes.
How are you doing, Neil?
OK.
The reason you remember Tampa is they sent the trial to Tampa.
That's it.
Now you know, all the jury was in Tampa.
That's right.
They found the cops not guilty.
Right.
It sent the riot.
See, I knew I wasn't completely losing my mind.
I didn't know the time I had it's finger in it somewhere.
All right.
Thanks, Ada.
Now I feel better about my brain.
See, I knew Tampa was involved in somewhere.
The trial was in Tampa.
That's right.
But it was the result of the trial that pissed everybody off in Liberty City.
And that's why they went out there and did their thing, man.
And it was horrendous.
And then I remember right now, it seems to me.
I'm trying to think back to the day, but I was on INZ.
And that's years later.
Maybe they had nothing to do with that one.
Did we have other riots in the 80s?
Lately 80s?
I don't know.
I was out of time.
I'm sure we did.
No, I have to absolutely we did.
Because I remember when I first went on to INZ at night.
I remember reading some article and it's sitting there screaming and couldn't buy a call.
I mean, it couldn't buy a call.
Hey Richard, we don't need a four page fast about the McDuffy thing, man.
Oh, enough with McDuffy already.
He's still dead, okay?
And then let's sleeping dollars lie.
Let's sleeping insurance sales holes lie.
God.
What is wrong with these people?
I'm so sorry I brought that up again.
Four pages, huh?
That's what you needed.
And all about how the trial was in Tampa, which we just like called.
Yeah, the guys just understand about five seconds, okay?
Okay, trial was in Tampa.
That was the Tampa connection.
Thank you.
God.
W.A.M., hello?
Me, hello.
Good.
Do you want to suggest something to the poll?
No.
Patients?
Patients.
Patients.
Comments about Haitians.
Just Haitians in general.
This is the Haitian hating guy.
Oh, really?
Get out of here.
Go away.
Go away, okay?
I don't think Greg, you have like James Woods in the back of a garbage truck.
One of them, Jitney.
So I hope they put you in Michael Putty on a Jitney.
Michael Orange has you so boring.
Oh, God.
He is so pedantic and so boring.
Although not as pedantic as Walt Blitzkrieg.
That's God of the...
That's God of Jack Paparity now.
We're here in the situation, Ro.
That's the toughest thing about waiting for Lou Dobbs to come on.
Is that what it was?
Well, first of all, you're still watching Lou Dobbs?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
Are you nuts?
Yeah.
Yeah, Randy Rhodes on last night.
And, yeah.
And, who else?
I don't know.
She, which you there doing, she was there,
herming and lying and, you know, trying to say all the right things.
He gave her some decent air time.
She was on there with a whole bunch of other talk show hosts.
Yeah.
And he almost exclusively only spoke to her.
Real her some reason, yeah.
She was really chick.
Maybe that's the reason.
I see.
I must have been a re-who else was on.
I don't know.
I can't name another talk.
I was like those guys yet.
And last week, I've heard of before, I was like that.
People have seen me before.
I mean, I think I should have gotten to be on National TV again, screaming.
That's good.
Now, if she policies off nights a little bit more,
uses more of my drop-ins.
Did she, did she, you play...
I'm dying out of here.
No drop.
She was boxless.
No.
No, that's not anything new.
927 votes on the pool.
We got a real good shot at that thousand.
You people need to lean on that thing on theoriders.com.
And take a look at that Dreamfield.
It's not a sponsor yet.
And probably never will be.
But I don't care about that.
We're not doing that for the money.
For once in my life, we're trying to spread the news.
Well, I've always done that.
We're doing it for love, not money.
You know, whether it was a Ben and Jerry's, a fish food,
whether it was a bagel bites, whether what I don't know what I'm going to want.
And usually that's what we got in return.
It was a bite in the ass.
We never got nothing new.
We got the bokeh burgers on the urn, eventually, remember that?
Right.
Dreamfield's low-car pasta right above OJ.
I mean, right above Osama, whichever one that happens to be at the moment.
That's a beautiful likeness of OJ, by the way.
Two obnoxious murderers.
Both be viled by anybody with a brain.
And of course, the second one, OJ,
admired by certain individuals inside of our Q&M building.
Like I said, I qualified anybody with a brain.
Don't mess with OJ.
Republican rats start to desert sinking ship.
O!
The authority of the Bush administration is falling apart in its heartlands.
Is this article by Michael Goenda on the age.com.
With almost three years of George Bush's presidency to go,
most Republicans in Congress have won political gold before the midterm congressional elections in November.
They desert him as fast as they can.
The discipline of the first Bush administration is gone.
The Republican-dominated rubber stamp Congress is no more.
Every day, another Republican-member Congress appears that Bush is a great guy,
that they love him dearly, but then he's lost the plot.
Sack people, they say.
One day, it's Rumsfeld.
The next day, they say it's Cheney.
A day later, it's the whole White House staff.
Do something Mr. President, they say.
And by the way, they say, we love you dearly, but most of your policies stink.
Come to think of it, it's all of them.
From immigration where the Republican Bush wants to flood the country with illegal immigrants from Mexico,
cheap labor for his buddies and big business,
to the Medicare prescription drug plan for America's seniors that's out of control in terms of its cost,
and which is so complicated that all of the Americans can be seen weeping at pharmacy counters across the country.
Why did they meet?
No opportunity by Republicans to criticize Bush with a heavy heart of course is missed.
When commercial radio shock-jock suddenly discovered that the Bush administration had approved the takeover
of six American forts by a Dubai company, by Arabs,
the Republican leaders in Congress were in danger of crossing each other's injury,
as they made the dashboard the TV cameras and microphones to say an essence that Bush had lost his marbles.
Oh, meanwhile, in that awful movie, God send with Danero.
He's got two big steel balls, about four times the size of the ones that Bogart was rolling around in Canine Mutiny,
and he just keeps the rolling around.
I still have no idea with them.
And that's such a horrible movie.
God send. You can see the light.
Please don't.
It's all part of it.
Don't.
The Democrats meanwhile are more or less all over the place on every issue,
except the Arab takeover of these American forts,
where their outrage was outrageous and frankly racist.
The Congress of the World's sole superpower appears to be an undisciplined rabble.
On the key issues that Americans are really worried about,
and Iraq is overwhelming the most important one,
neither Republicans, nor Democrats, and Congress have a clue as what to do.
That's the part I agree with.
Neither does Bush and increasing looks and sounds of things weighed down by the relentless bad news
from Iraq and the daily crises and political missteps that have plagued the second term.
It was in this political environment that the Republican Party's Southern Leadership Conference
spent last week in Memphis.
The highlight of the two-day conference was a straw poll of the 2000-server Republican Party activists
and supporters of the leading candidates for the party's 2008 presidential nomination.
One candidate who wasn't in Memphis, it was not part of the poll,
but former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani, who in poll-active poll is far and away
the people's stories that include Republicans for the party's nomination in 2008.
Most political aimless seem to be, what Bernie Kerrick is going to be like an albatross around his neck.
You know, if he gets it, they're going to bring his ass back
in the whole thing about that apartment he had in the World Trade Center
and all the dalliances that were going on there and all the phony baloney for any Kerrick.
He's going to be the Monica Lewinsky for Rudy Giuliani.
Even though they didn't do anything.
940 votes on that poll.
Boy, it's going to be a glorious moment when you get to a thousand.
Josh can breathe easy. You know, he can get his full paycheck.
Oh. Yeah, can you breathe easy now?
I can't.
Archbishop, this isn't a guardian, the Brit paper, the guardian.
Stop teaching creationism, he says.
The Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams, has stepped into the controversy
between religious fundamentalists and scientists by saying he doesn't believe
that creationism, the Bible-based account of the origins of the world,
should be taught in schools. And Archbishop happens to be...
Absolutely correction.
...and he is a really snappy dresser too. You ever see him?
No.
What a lovely gown.
Giving his first wide-ranging interview at Lambeth Palace,
the Archbishop was emphatic in his criticism of creationism being taught in the classroom
as it's happening in two city academies funded by the Evangelical Christian businessman,
Sir Peter Vardy in several other schools, oh, damn, silly-ass Brits.
Give me the schmitz.
I think creationism is a kind of category mistake,
is if the Bible were a theory like other theories, if creationism is presented as a stark alternative theory
along other theories, I think there's just been a jarring of categories.
My worry is that creationism can end up producing the doctrine of creation rather than enhancing it.
He said, no, we know that the Bible is not that. The Bible is just a bunch of ramblings of primitive dumb superstitions,
idiotic ignorant people, over a period of long, long number of years,
most of whom didn't even know each other.
Even ASOP is embarrassed by the Bible.
The debate over creationism or slightly more sophisticated offshoot,
so-called intelligent design, ID, which I've used that creation is so complex
that an intelligent religious force must have directed it,
has provoked divisions in Britain, but nothing like the vehement or politicization of the debate in the USA.
There, under the pressure from the religious right,
some states are considering giving ID equal prominence to Darwinism,
they generally scientifically accept the account of the evolution of the species.
Most scientists believe that ID is older more than intent to smuggle fundamental Christianity into science,
and of course that happens to be-
I'm so moving, correct sir.
The rest states from Ohio to California are considering placing ID on the curriculum
with President Bush telling reporters last August that both sides ought to be properly taught,
so people don't understand what the debate is about.
I think that's a great idea. I think we ought to have somebody in every classroom
telling our kids what a bunch of fairy tales the Bible is,
and reading like those first couple of pages of Genesis and debunking it in about 10 seconds or less.
Don't stop with science, you know, history, culture, and that kind of thing.
Are you like to rule the day and the lesser like to rule the night,
the sun and the cockamoon, that's what that's all about, okay?
Primitive superstitious people wouldn't know their ass from your elbow,
and here we are thousands of years later,
and well the good book says, I mean it's just pathetic, makes you want to gag,
makes you want to gag the God Squad,
ever then sawdust.
Man, staleer than last year's halava.
As dull as the 75-year-old Gillette Blueblade.
Let's go back into the razor blade thing, and I haven't heard that.
Let's try that new file, what is it, the quintuplet, what do they call it?
Yeah, interesting, the one with the battery in it.
Oh, no, this is another one with a battery?
If it's the one with the four blades and then the one in the back.
No, no, they got five blades.
I got it.
You got it?
I got the one with the battery, man.
I wonder where he's using that.
Welcome.
Oh, you're practicing for Duff, huh?
9.53 on a pole, 952 volt, we got the 40-year-seven minutes.
So that's like one minute we'll get us exactly to a thousand.
How do you like the way that turned out, huh?
Without having to put undue pressure on this audience, we don't like to do that.
113, the Gully Warmer show, we got that big panzer crap oil game that I had at the Macarine.
There'd be at least 5,000 people for that one, it'll be a rollicking place.
And then tomorrow and Saturday, two Toronto ad Montreal games, I'm sure you're all whipped up about that, aren't you?
Oh yeah, whipped.
This schedule this year is really, I mean, too bad as nobody can talk to about these things.
Can't release TV.
Welcome back to the program, Mike Brophy, senior writer for the Hockey News Transit.
So, can you imagine in South Florida Panthers TV, a channel?
Can you imagine that?
No.
Because I'm trying to tell you, hockey here is not like a sport, it's a sickness.
Hey, beach forts being a sickness has gone mad.
They're not even a fruit cake, it's madness and march all this month of beach fort.
They just missed having their record month last month in February.
So, they plan to break that record this month right now.
And right now, extend the CAD-4F-150s, there was always $249 a month with 9.95 down plus fees with a fruit credit in the 39 month lease.
Madness and march of beach forts mean you must be mad not to take advantage of rebates and discounts up to 10 grand on all new and used vehicles.
If you're not in the market for new carbon, no somebody was, send them into beach fort because if they take delivery this month, during the month of March, beach fort will send you 200 bucks just for sending them in.
That money comes from the advertising budget.
They will absolutely not affect your friends price, they won't tack it on.
So, I'm excitedness once you have had beach forts madness and march, extended CAD-4F-150s as low as $249 a month, discounts and rebates up to 10 grand and $200 in cash just for referring your friend.
Haryana and beach fort is located two miles east of the Golden Graves interchange on 163rd Street, West Dixie Highway, guaranteed.
I'll bet you everybody in the world's life on it, you will love your beach fort experience.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62 AF.
Log on to www.wam.com for Bell South Food Scissorion.
Move your pixie fort to start each game for your chance to win a grand prize of $1,000 from Bell South at 5.62 AF.
I drop my winner.
Or congratulations, get alive.
For sure they win.
You watch it, you watch it.
Come on, come on, come on.
Another ever-debted, Mr. Ferry.
Who might get hit at that guy?
What the hell did we do?
Do you think this is why are we out of hanging?
I do for sure who will choose a boolean.
I don't care who you are, you're fair.
Here's your lesson, dear.
Through a home to a wedding.
Stop with your friends.
I'm not a bad man.
I'm not a bad man.
I'm not a bad man.
I'm not a bad man.
I'm not a bad man.
I'm not a bad man.
I'm not a bad man.
I'm not a bad man.
I'm not a bad man.
I'm not a bad man.
North Korea suggested yesterday a
Hendi Ability to launch a preemptive attack on the
U.S. According to the North's official news agency.
And as a picture of Kim Jong-il,
who looked at the hell of a lot better in Team America.
That is why he was still alive in that thing.
A four-minute story spokesman said the North had built
atomic weapons to counter the U.S. nuclear threat.
As we declared our strong revolutionary might
put in place all mentioned to counter-possible U.S.
preemptive strike, the spokesman said according to the Korean
Central News Agency,
preemptive strike is not the monopoly of the U.S.A.
The United States urged North Korea to return to the
international nuclear negotiations instead of making
a fan-tory statement.
Oh, in other words,
Bush could make a fan-tory statement,
like that new policy about the preemptive strikes on
any of the way we feel like given how he feels in the
morning.
But other than that,
State Department spokesman Sean McCormick said the U.S.
is no offensive invade or attack North Korea.
Yet, last week the Communist company warned that it had
to launch a preemptive strike, saying with
strength and its world footing, before joined South Korea,
U.S. military exercises scheduled for this weekend.
Thank you,
that we don't support any regime that like, you know,
rogue regimes,
right, dictatorships,
right, that supply our own,
weapons, all of our countries,
not all these things, nuclear technology to our countries
like North Korea.
That would be bad.
So, it's being a bad seven months after Katrina,
the New York Times spoke to 137 evacuaries and found
that a majority had depleted their savings and believed
that the rest of the nation in politicianhood Washington
had moved on.
It's a lengthy story.
It's on our website.
I'm sure it is, Josh.
Yes, it is.
And it's from a raw story.
Raw story is one of the best websites.
Yeah, they've changed their format, right?
And the new format is just awesome.
It's excellent.
I put it right up there with smirking, a smircling chimp
and common dreams and some of the other ones.
Very good.
The interview suggested that while blacks and whites suffered
similar rates of emotional trauma, blacks for a heavier
economic and social burden, no kidding.
And even as both groups slounder,
most said they believed that the rest of the nation
and politicians in Washington have moved on.
I don't think anybody cares really if said Robert Rodriguez,
a semi-retired computer programmer,
was returned to his home in the separate room of Terry.
Is that Metare or material?
I don't know how you say that.
Earth.
I hate New Orleans.
New Orleans is kind of like a divide
in the country that you just forget about us.
That's right, like a divide in the bowl.
Like a turret at the bottom of the bowl.
Now, how you see New Orleans?
I mean, I don't want to start this respectful life.
You're all the tourists they have from Katrina.
But it's long before Katrina, I always told you that,
and I'm not going to change my opinion.
I've never been there before.
I don't know.
Well, don't.
Well, I like a drug and degenerate.
It's a drug.
Stumbling around in the street, flying in a building.
Yeah, it's just a, I don't know.
It's just a whole ambiance of it.
You can go to Key West with suds, okay?
Or with Duff, go to fantasy fast.
They'll take you long.
Oh, good.
They'll put you on a shoulder like a papuce.
Oh, speaking of babies, this is great from the Toronto Star.
How does thought a baby conservative, okay?
Remember the whiny, insecure kid in nursery school,
the one who always thought everybody was out to get him
and was always running to the teacher with complaints?
Chances are he grew up to be a conservative.
At least he did it.
He was one of 95 kids from the Berkeley area
that social scientists have been tracking for the last 20 years.
The confident, resilient, suffer-lying kids mostly grew up to be liberals.
The study from the urinal of research into personnel,
they isn't going to make the UC Berkeley professor
who published it any friends on the right.
Similar to conclusion a few years ago from another academic,
so I'm excoriated on right wing blogs,
even led to making racial investigation into his research funding.
But the results of the new results are worth a look.
In the 1960s, Jack Block and his wife and fellow professor Jean Block
now deceased began tracking more than 100 nursery school kids
as part of a general study of personality.
The kids' personalities were rated at the time
by teachers and assistants who had known them for months.
There's no reason to think political bias skewed the ratings.
The investigators weren't looking at political orientation back then.
Even if they had been,
it's unlikely that three and four year olds
would have had much idea about their political leanings.
A few decades later, Block followed up with more surveys
looking at personality at this time in politics too.
The whiny kids tended to grow up conservative, the whiny kids.
Like Robert Creeper.
And turned into rigid young adults
so he would closely to traditional gender rules
and were uncomfortable with ambiguity, like Robert Creeper.
I don't care who you are, you fairy.
The competent kids, you're not liberal.
And we're still hanging loose.
Turnings, oh, see, there's something missing here.
Oh, no.
Isn't that bad?
Turning Japanese.
Turning Japanese.
Similar work by John T. Yost,
the Stanford and colleagues in 2003 duet political backlash.
The researchers reviewed 44 years worth of studies
in the psychology of conservatism
and concluded that people were dogmatic,
fearful, intolerant of ambiguity, uncertainty,
and who crave order and structure are more likely to gravitate
to conservatism.
Critics branded it the conservatism is our crazy study
and accused the authors of political bias.
Well, what's wrong with that conservatism is our crazy study, huh?
Let's better let conservatism is a stupid study that we just did.
Yost, welcome to the new study, say it lends support
to his conclusions, but Jeff Greenberg,
a social psychologist at the University of Arizona
who was critical of Yost, he was less impressed.
Well, what do you expect Arizona?
Home of just about every right wing nut group
on the face of the earth.
I found it to be biased, shotty work,
poor science and best, he said in a block study.
He thinks insecure defensive rigid people can easily gravitate
to left wing ideologies as right wing one,
says this, uh, Jeff Greenberg,
of a self-hating Jewel like Robert Creeper, no doubt.
He suspects that in common is China,
those kinds of people are likely to become fervid party members.
See, commonista.
The results do raise some obvious questions.
Our nursery school teachers in the conservative heartland
cursed with classes filled with little proto-conservative whiners,
or does an insecure little boy raise an Idaho or Alberta surrounded
by conservatives turned instead to liberalism?
Or did the whiny kids grow up conservative
along with the majority of their more confident peers,
while one of the kids with poor impulse control turned out to be liberal?
The grown up liberal men on the other hand,
with their introspection and recognition of complexity in the world,
could be seen as self-indulgent and ineffectual.
I'll agree with the self-indulgent much, strong with that.
Whether anyone's feelings are heard or not,
they work suggest that personality and emotions play a bigger role
in our political leanings than we think.
All of us liberal consider it a field
as though we've reached our political opinions
by carefully weighing the evidence and exercising our best judgment.
But it could be that all that careful reasoning is just after the fact,
self-destification.
What if personality forms our political outlook,
with reason coming along behind rationalizing after the fact?
It could be that whom we vote for as less than with our judgments
about tax policy or free-trader health care,
and moreover, the first nowadays we've been stuck with since we were little kids.
How do you like that, huh?
You're a little panty-waste whiners.
Whatever the hell you are.
No, exactly.
Like I said before.
I don't care who you are, you're fairly.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5'16", 2A.
Absolutely.
That's what the strip-point fat-red dough.
Oh!
$1.00 in the garden of the chat room.
We can do that.
He said honey, my son, it won't do you.
But when you take him back, you do the private food.
Where the hell do you go?
What are you going to do about it?
You fat ass.
That's that dough.
Take your clothes off your uses.
Or the whole thing is down that I can do the things.
Take me up a take roll of this fat.
You don't leave out the metal with your tail or your thighs.
Take me up a take roll.
Take me up a take roll.
You're just a handle moving fat guy.
She know how to make her bold and dry.
Like the chase you shower in the mountains.
The moment you throw in a diamond,
fat boy does like he's doing me a favor you know I mean did you read it the way
it's a preface there no I oh look at this I'll give you a new piece of copy and I
told the people over a out of your right stale stale in last year's a
months a man pathetic nine hundred ninety eight votes on the poll we'll have a
thousand I bet you've clicked this what do you got I clicked it nine ninety nine
then eighty eight that you're headed the next one the next vote will be the
thousand one and Josh is gonna come over to your house give you a big kiss on
your lips well said the picture the next one I keep refreshing it so
there it's still my ninety nine well it's a it's a it's a I guess they want
like a cash prize you know still my ninety nine refreshing it again and it's
still my oh god what is it again Robert
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah oh kind of like an echo on that thing too he ought to
be an echo chamber idiot Saudis van men from something lingerie how do you
like that oh my god sure glad I got mine up front I saw a woman I told you this
before the show there's a woman in my building downstairs yesterday and she
had the full Berkha on the whole the gods the the whole deal now since it's
still a little bit cool up there was it a for Berkha no it was not for I don't
know in fact I said what is that for and she said that for the hell of it for Berkha
yeah for a while I just it's a shocking to me to see thousand four votes no
sweat told you Josh you're safe I just I don't know is it you call that
intolerance the fact that when I see that I think what what kind of stone age
crap is this or do you think it's just common sense yeah that yeah that works for
me the Saudi government warns store owners yesterday that they have two
months to comply with a decree banning men from selling lingerie and other
women's apparel or face punishment like off of your head off of your arm off
of your you know that too and as published in several Saudi papers the
Ministry of Labor called an all women's clothing shop owners to comply with
the decree issued two years ago in order to increase employment opportunities
for Saudi women penalties and fines will be levied against store owners and
male clerks who violate the ban said a statement by the Ministry adding a
loan to affect June 19th the decree also says that store selling lingerie must
conceal that section from the rest of the shop and compliance with the
ultra conservative kingdom strict segregation of the sexes see this is
democracy on a march in Saudi Arabia not a number of Saudi women had
expressed this quiet having to buy their underwear for men Saudi papers
reported and a meeting on Monday Saudi business owners treated with the
P. Labor Minister something rather all who made to delay enforcing the ban to
give them a chance to train women to work in stores in Saudi Arabia where
Sharia or Islamic law is the rule of the land all public spaces divided into a
male and family sections with women only admitted to the latter in the company
of their husbands or guardians there are no fitting rooms including stores
and customers both male and female must try the items at home after buying them
a lot of refunds are just as workers had a hang loose you know they're just
hanging loose when you think one size fits off that's extra large t-shirts we got
for that's right about third man and we're gonna get people are catching up my size
oh brother I think we're gonna have like get a big cross right next to Chuck's
around a corner and we're gonna like put on Easter Sunday every good idea we'll
put the stuff up on the cross on Easter Sunday and crucify his ass probably used to
it oh and speaking of racism and attitudes all of these things a third of the
French people say they are racist a French human rights watchdog said yesterday
after a survey that showed an increase from last year the number of people
were not being racist I acknowledge it right now I've raised my hand are you
racist only get strips is I'm not asking what categories what about you Josh
you racist I guess everyone can be sometimes right no that wasn't the
question okay what did you talk about the invasive answer so I guess the answer
is yes it's wrong with you why do you have to be so evasive for once in your
life just spit it right out baby tell the truth tell a like it ain't it is racist
bastard we're not talking about white and black we're talking about anything like
this whole thing would like these ragheads I mean wonderful Saudis nice outfits
by the way good god my goodness and they say I'm a sloppy dresser some 33% of
the thousand eleven people surveyed face-to-face by pollsters CSA said they
were somewhat or a little racist up eight percentage points from last year
according to an annual report by the National Consultative Commission for
Human Rights the NCC HR oh god that's something how do they have all these
organizations man this is amazing the poll asked the question when it comes
to you personally would you say you are followed by a list of options somewhat
racist a bit racist not racist not very racist not racist all and don't want to
say I don't want to well how come there wasn't the option very racist it says
somewhat a bit you know how come very racist let's good put the poor reveal
deep economic and social anxiety Joel Thoravalle the Commission's report said as
president said in a statement released a coincide with the international day
for the elimination of racial discrimination oh yeah that's like the
international coming out of the closet they Tommy and John John Reholt and
Tommy Cruz they're still in the closet you fair right and I'm gonna watch
this out park see which see which episode really is whether Josh is right
that the new season starts night or maybe they're pushing it pushing it back
away the doctor do you check the listings at 9 30 because sometimes they precede
the new episode with an old one uh-huh I do and it's not gonna be the in the
closet and I happen to know that I read an article that this new episode
tonight is called chef returns so I don't know what it's gonna be about but
I'm sure that it's good it's a new chef no I heard his voice but they're
saying they're saying they think tray and mat you know they're saying Isaac
Hayes jumped in the closet with Tom and John digital work and you know put
in our Kelly's take your whole three of them is what I heard and all the rest
of the Scientologists too including especially a Kirsty Ellie oh my god
take more than one bullet to blow that fan ass away go go
cookie go FedExG
me and he is jamming it oh man what a cow this man and she's you know I'm sure
you've watched those spots with the same nausea that I have and in the end of
each spot she's like vamping in the back she's like I don't know whether
she's dancing well what she's supposed to be doing she's going off a really sexy
cow-like body you can do anything they they oh my god she's hipping and
hunting she's sexy as a toad stool and take the first half of that out no
argument god despite the efforts to deploy to fight racism anti-semitism
in xenophobia there's still a long way to go he said well guess what we hit
the French how do you like that and especially French Canadians that is such a
blessing here man I don't see any French can I I'm sure there are few around
I'll find them yeah man then you get on the plane you get on any air
Canada flying they do the the bisexual bilingual thing you know which I love
her Canada but why do they have to do that probably who jump on Z-thing you
know I heard they're doing the end of closet episode tonight you better be
right about that I'll bet you a grand a grand what yeah a grand piano okay I'll
tell you what here's the deal if I'm right you're wrong you don't get the next
check but what if I'm right then you get it well what a great deal great deal
for Jimmy Hoff at the track deal or what you sure I take it what to you sure
take a lot of things for granted man you talk about being taken for granted
of course at least that's consistent just like South Florida takes me for
granted 30 long freaking years of this crap but third man begging and pleading
and squeezing cajoling the dead to try to like be alive and like have something
going on though I try to squeeze blood out of a rock got all mate like try to
squeeze grape juice out of a turnip although Hank likes that well says grape
juice and so do I but I just don't drink it see let me say it again if you're
fat and diabetic but I kill yourself at least do it by eating something good
not I mean I do like well to his grape juice but if I'm gonna cheat wouldn't
have much rather have like necessarily a certain ice cream or hogging
eyes of an annanut see what I'm saying we've been I'm gonna see the LH
Nick LH
oh god yeah no wonder I'm attracted to that stuff this is Neil Rogers
this is 5.60 Q.A.
It loves Neil Rogers Nick and Jessica with us yeah let's let's the
trick to achieving longevity and that's what I think about often completely
madly abused drugs yeah party let's take some calls Johnson City Tennessee is on
with us you've got Nick and Jessica go ahead hi Ryan this is Andrea oh hi Andrea
Jessica isn't true you don't drink milk because you can't fit your head in the
carton yeah yeah yeah I'll admit it well is it also true that you hire the
private detective find out if you're related to Homer and art simply yes I don't
know what I'm gonna do either she's out of control I love this Ohio you're on yeah
I can see advertising from the internet about it Nick and Jessica sex tape is
that really you guys definitely yeah we have a clip take a look at that
Nick and Jessica Nick in yeah wow what can I get a copy of that in store you get it
yeah okay and no regrets and deciding to do this oh no we're so happy we
did it we are so happy we can all phone stuff like that very gratifying for us so
yeah yeah not no more 146 I'm not sure that ever happened thousand 36
vote on the pool see we did it with plenty of spirit not good yeah I am
thrilled and excited yoli at the Yanta Center with two o'clock this afternoon
and our revolving two to four door which we have no idea it's a bow and guilty and
Curtis and no moe and whatever it's just an embarrassment let me say it again
what's this slogan again w a m the station that took the joy out of life yeah
very good you wrote it down no I didn't the station that put the joy in life
I know for you know I'm living yeah that's us nice job by the way fat boy you
continue to be like a text bag you heard a text bad boy he's text fat boy just
in and idiot everybody else you know they bring in a copy on a one once in a
great while anyway I'm like a sheet of paper you know like human beings not fat
boy I'll come he's gonna email it to me to prove that he still got my email
address lose it fat boy lose it as if there wasn't already enough controversy
over the war in Iraq Vermont governor James Douglas found himself in a sticky
situation with his breakfast one morning while visiting Vermont troops in the
field last week his only choice was using fake syrup with his morning repast a
photo of the governor's breakfast with members of the Vermont National
Garden Kuwait was one of a series of images sent back during his trip to the
Middle East a bottle of pancake syrup stands in the foreground just like
generic pancake syrup Douglas had to make do with the syrup that a
company's military meals folks from Jason Gibbs said the syrup was provided by
the service that prepares and delivers meals for military personnel and
Kuwait give said the governor was disappointed that it wasn't real Vermont maple
syrup let me ask you who's more famous for maple syrup and maple products
Canada or Vermont there's no question what Canada there oh you got the leaf
we got the maple right they cried out loud the maple everything they got maple
the leaf cookie maple cookies and candies and maple and you know something
fat even living near Canada then maple on everything I could live without it
yeah and after this season maybe I could live without the maple make
believes too the state is joining a second year of operation maple sweetness
which sends for my maple syrup to members of the military serving overseas
operation maple sweetness in that sweet he's very proud of all the maple
producers are contributing to the operation that we hope one day my
eliminate fake syrup all throughout the world gifts and oh we don't want that
fake syrup it's kind of like I hop you know you go and they got all them all
them jugs of different boys and berry and poison berry and I'm buying
sponsor I hop with that really great syrup and that right and I'm saying the
jugs of all them different flavors right whatever you like they got it I hop
right over there right here the project a collaboration between the state
Vermont Serpent makers we are there's another group delivered 500 gallons of
syrup so the time we got a Brian Dubie who's smoking one right now who worked on
the project this year's organizers hope to double that amount Dubie said
appropriately after a Monday spent working on his family's own syrup
operation in Fairfield Vermont I'd never been in Vermont you ever been there
nope Josh I have got no well let's take a few trips of Vermont let's do it you
pay right I'd rather go to Amsterdam no you pay right not that far away
I'll tell you what we'll let Josh take the beast and Robert then they can go
camping together in Vermont what they can set up their pup tent oh I'll take the
beast and Robert can't stop in the carol
I got a better place how about Joe Joe I was thinking of my self they little
cop they're gonna be seen no more or that corn sure is special Robert you
idiot you fairy Robert sheers speak at a Robert now there is a Robert we like
Robert here he's I do he writes good stuff I'm sure for the LA Times of course
Bush bombs in Cleveland he writes and he's writing now well this is in the
smirkling champion he also he's got his own is this a blogger truth dig truth
dig dot something I guess I don't know I'm the third anniversary of the
beginning of his Iraq catastrophe President Bush yet again dealt in denial
but this time carefully screened audience at the Cleveland City Club was
buying it we're buying it perhaps most on target was an elderly gentleman
who said what he said were three main reasons for going to war in Iraq WMD
Iraq's ties to the 9-11 terrorists and the alleged purchase of nuclear material
from knee-jerk and then noted right to the all three of these rationales are
not to be false how do we restore confidence that Americans may have in their
leaders and to be sure that the information that they're not getting is
correct the acts to present how indeed that's a great question began both by way
of the assembling first just if I may correct the misperception I don't think
we ever said at least I know I didn't say that there was a direct connection
between our love and satan was saying really so when he said in his May first
two thousand three mission accomplished speech on the deck of the aircraft
here in Abraham Lincoln that we've removed an ally of al-Qaeda he met a
different gang with the same name as the one blamed for the attack on the
World Trade Center twin towers in Pentagon it is his way of announcing the firm
conclusion of the bipartisan 9-11 commission that Hussein was an opponent
about Kada and never an ally if that didn't stop push from again on Monday
insisting that the central front on the war on Iraqi on terror is Iraq it is
now I guess meanwhile that old central front woolly Afghanistan is now also
a push reassures 25 million people are not free and Afghanistan is no longer
a safe haven for the terrorists he said apparently the president missed the
director of the US defense intelligence agency general Michael Naples giving
testimony to Congress a few weeks ago that Taliban resurgence not presents a
greater threat to the Afghan central government's expansion of authority than
any point since late 2001 the Taliban can I thought they were all gone they are
occupied Iraq is useful to al-Qaeda and it still has a recruiting poster and
this and myriad other ways the West military is continued heavy-handed
presence in Iraq strengthens the hands of extremists and demagogues who can
appeal to late and Iraqi nationalism and Muslim pride if we seem to have
forgotten the terrorists don't need Iraq as a safe haven for terrorists to
plot new attacks against our nation is bush-putted they're just as likely to be
drawn from countries that are normally our allies just such as the 15
hijackers recruited under the nose of the bush families chic friends in Saudi
Arabia shake your booty finally for old times sake bush-tried it out is now
hurry excuses for those missing Iraqi WMD he so trumped up to get a site for a
preemptive war three years ago again blaming the deception on everyone except
himself like you I asked that very same question where did we go wrong in
intelligence he plaintively responded to his questioner the truth of the matter
is that the whole world thought that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction
not so most of the world thought it best to wait for the women's
specters that on the ground in Iraq to complete their work before answering that
question those inspectors have filed no such evidence to WMD and this present new
full well that would be likely their final conclusion when he ordered the
preemptive invasion yet he justified it by referring to the 9-11 attack
warning we cannot wait for the final proof the smoking gun that could come in
the form of a mushroom cloud on Tuesday the AP reported about a treasure trove
of translations of audio tapes that topple over Iraqi meetings of
Bobby Hussein released a request the US representative Peter Hoxtra the
Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee show that Iraq
destroyed its WMD program by 92 those tapes were obtained soon after the
2003 invasion yet the Bush administration kept them secret while continuing
to assert that Iraq had an active WMD program as opposed to ordinary people in
this country and the world Bush has access to the same detailed information
that the 9-11 commission used to conclude that the terrorist acts of 9-11 and
others conducted by al-Tada Bore no relation to Iraq it's hardly an ad for
American democracy that he's been able to operate before the war and is
recently is this week as if the truth will never be allowed to hold him accountable
though not in Cleveland which is something that's here about this is the new
ruggers this is by 16 to a watchdog
