The music stressed on the previous program are those of the host guests and feedback.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Thank you Really Merry Christmas! Georgian
Hey, good the hell out of my words.
Yada, over here!
Where you find double scraps?
I got the tamarack, you boy.
Ah, boy!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Hey, the tip, from me my friend, if your life is near the end.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, these wings of worship in West Big Man.
You'll get the tamarack, blue.
I'll be twin commercial, West Big Man, but in Tamarack,
which is where my pillbox used to be, remember him?
Yeah.
Well, anyway, let's knock it into that.
Here's some good news, finally.
Let's start the week with some good news.
He said the fact that Alphan's lost again, which we knew they would.
Well, that's something we're going to run the table.
Well, just wait now that they've got their loss out of the way, you know.
Right, now that they're 5 and 7, and almost virtually mathematically eliminated from the playoffs,
and everybody knows they ain't going to make it, but nevertheless.
Well, the Patriots had an ugly win, but you know, something that still comes up as a big W in the A.L.
in the win count against D-Trud, against the little girls team.
Well, let's not start with sports, okay, we got plenty of that, we got the mad dog,
we got the big power hour with Humber and the mad dog together at 4, till 5.
5 to 7, it's the Humber Solo, eating a couple of extra salami sandwiches,
and then you got Hurricane Hotline at the GameWorks and Sunset, placed at 7,
8 o'clock, it's Colleagues Football tailgate presented by FedEx Orange Bull,
and then, oh my, look at this, it's got a whole bunch of them in a mismatch in there.
No Craig Mischto.
9 o'clock, it's Lenny Martez proving that we have no level of embarrassment on the station.
10 o'clock, it's idicated, and that's our lineup.
No games.
But the Panthers and the Penguins tomorrow, the Panthers scored a goal the other day.
Ah!
Right, they lost again, but they scored a goal.
Here's that good news.
Unable to win Senate confirmation, you and Ambassador John Bolton will step down when his recess appointment
expressed soon in the White House said today, he's revultant to buy the John Bolton.
Bolton's domination is languished in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee for more than a year,
blocked by Democrats and several Republicans.
He's out.
Bye-bye with your mustache.
Take your mustache and shove it where the moon don't shine.
President Bush gave Bolton a job temper early in August 2005, while Congress was in recess,
but the appointment expires when Congress formally adjourns nobody to the early January.
He's going to expire.
Bye-bye and take your stupid ass ridiculous clown mustache with you on a way out.
Okay, here's the poll results from Friday.
Look at the number of votes on that poll.
Can you believe that?
I believe it.
Well, it's because it was up there all weekend, but nevertheless,
real men don't...
2,939 votes.
That is beyond belief.
Real men don't abuse children or animals for 747.
Real men don't hit women, 556.
Those are the only two with a ton of votes.
Real men don't pat on the men on the ass, 164.
Real men don't shower with other men, 163.
Almost the same number of votes.
You'd almost think those people voted twice, you know?
Because it's the same area that we're talking about.
That same area.
Naked guys, frolicing together.
Sounds very gay to me.
Real men don't shave anything but their face and head 146.
Shaving your chest, shaving your armpits, shaving your crotch.
I mean, shaving your ass, get with it.
Real men don't play fantasy football, 108.
Josh would take great exception with that, I'm sure.
Not great, but...
Some, whatever.
I take that back.
Real men do play fantasy football.
Real men don't...
Let's go, I hate this full 69, I'm near 3.2%.
Wow.
And then of course, just to piss me off, real men don't use body wash, 58.
You should live so long.
You lunatics.
Phil Henry retired?
No.
Well that's what his face is.
He left the market.
That's almost like retiree.
Get out of here, Phil Henry retired my ass.
Go away, you silly people.
See, you put a pole up there and right away it's never been enough for these people.
Oh, and here's one you left off, you know, how about...
It's capability, you know, go away.
Real men don't use body wash, 58.
Real men don't use soap anymore, okay?
Real men who are living like in the 21st century and are living in the distant past.
God, these are...
The people will say that probably are the same ones who like wash their shirts with a...
What are those old scrubbing boards these use?
What do they call those things?
Washboard.
Washboard, yeah.
They wash it.
Maybe they're washing their ass with the washboard.
Real men don't take Viagra 46.
Real men don't listen to Neil, to all 46.
Well maybe they're taking Viagra, they're popping it while they're listening to Neil.
Real men don't pay for sex directly, 29.
And real men don't cry.
Only seven.
Well that was a refreshing change.
Real men don't cry.
Because this place is enough to make me cry many a day.
And I'm a real...
A real man.
Here's today's pole.
Ha, ha, ha.
Which broadcasting and again, thanks to the listeners,
they're sending in some of these poles.
This one's not all that good.
That's okay, that's okay.
And I dallyed and Billy didn't put it up there soon enough.
So we're not going to make a thousand, I don't think.
You think?
We have six hundred and twenty now.
What?
Sure you can't.
Get out of here.
You're a crazy person.
Well that's true.
They're going to come with a butterfly in it and take your silly ass away.
Please.
Which broadcasting figure were you most sorry to see go in 2006?
Feel hungry, didn't retire.
Maybe he didn't leave a no-bought, you think?
I don't know.
Google it.
Google it, John.
See if he was tired.
I don't think so.
Are you sure?
I don't know and I don't care to be honest with you.
Which broadcasting figure were you most sorry to see go in 2006?
This is either died or retired or got shoved out or whatever.
Ed Bradley, who of course died, 210.
Ed is letting hands down your pants.
He is way out in the front, even with that earring that he wore.
What the hell difference was that he wore an earring?
Everybody's so uptight about that.
He wore an earring and his left ear, yeah, and the, I don't know, they flip.
Bob Weaver, he got my vote, 79.
Weaver the weatherman died.
Great guy.
He's dead.
Howard Stern left terrestrial radio, went to Syria.
I'm a serial, 77.
They miss him because they're too cheap to subscribe and they're not going to pay for something that is not like in the first, but I mean they don't want to pay for it.
Mo Howard, David, and it says here according to whoever sent the pull and resigned it, it's like that.
I don't think so.
He liked John Bolton's resume.
Yeah, right.
74, say Mo Howard, David, and now it's you surprised.
He's in fourth place.
No, I'm not.
I almost voted for him.
Why is that?
Because this is like a human punching bag.
It was my fault when he was in the room.
I don't miss him at all.
He was evil.
He was evil.
Oh, the skipper truck.
Truck sank that 72 before he could do his last cemetery villain's fight.
That's a good guy.
No, I'm sure you would because you grew up through him.
That's right.
Let's give her a shot.
Bob Lasseter died 33.
Well, of course, it's been a long time since he was on this market and most of our audience
didn't remember Blob O, but that was sad.
Mike Wallace retired 29.
Bob Sheifer replaced 20.
Oh, how could anybody, well, maybe that's because Katie Kuhr has on now.
She's enough to make me miss anybody.
I don't want you.
I tried it twice and I said, oh, wow.
I hate this pull only 15, 2.3% so far.
Star Jones Reynolds fired from the view.
That's correct.
That's the only one.
I'm a good friend.
That is correct.
He retired from his radio show.
Yes, he'd like to put it on there.
Well, we better put it on there right away.
How do you like that?
Are you sure?
Yeah.
Okay.
Put it on there.
Feel hungry.
He retired from his radio show.
What's that all about?
And how did it is the TV thing go?
Do.
Flop.
Well, he was like that one sitcom and it was a bomb.
Is it gone already?
Oh, yeah.
Long gone.
So what else he's doing?
I guess he's been on King of the Hill, Futurama, obviously Team America, he did.
Those are all the Team America.
What did he do in Team America?
He was the computer intelligent.
You knew that.
No, I did not know.
Yeah, he did.
We talked about it.
The fact that we talked about it doesn't mean I observed it or I knew it.
I probably wasn't paying any attention.
You were the one talking about it.
Get out of here.
Okay.
Maybe it was an article I read.
Okay.
By the way, you do remember the article I read about dog to bounty hunter in the pack
problem, eaten crack?
Yeah.
He had a crack problem.
Bad roids.
Christopher Glenn died, we did that.
Star Jones Reddles got six and Greg Rees resigned for.
Oh yeah, resigned it.
Just like Moha did.
He did.
Give me a break.
And who the hell are those four idiots that put that on it?
Six hundred and thirty eight votes and we got off to a late start because that was my
bad.
It makes for more of a challenge today.
I'm going to take a lot of calls today if we get any.
I did see one.
Wait a minute.
The dots are out.
Well, no time.
I'm on day morning.
You already had, well, that's right.
If your audio vault is out and we got all sorts of technical problems.
It was a ball.
It wasn't out.
It was the DCS and the.
Someone had player.
Someone who didn't know how to use it had put it into a mode.
It's not supposed to be in.
I see.
Another word somebody in there was in their pocket round over the weekend, which
the board was up.
That's what happened.
I'm going to stop doing that and we have this ongoing continuing never ending problem acually.
Thank you.
I'm Hello.
Hi.
Yes.
Not only did Phil Henry retire, but he gave a salute to Neil.
Are you sure?
I'm r usher.
In his last few weeks he said Neil Rogers is one of the people who have changed the
face of broadcasting forever and he's great and he had to thank him.
Yeah.
I can't believe you know them.
How come there was no publicity about this? I remember, you know me, I find every new story that's
everybody invented. I never saw nothing about that. Well, I was a fan of his, so I made sure to
not miss his last month of the year. And he mentioned you not once, but several times. Really?
And he talked a lot about IOD and... Yeah, I just wanted to let you know. Well, now when did this happen?
Oh, let me set number. I think it was number off the ground there. Yep.
There he is again. Are you his last radio broadcast? Did you was? What was it? 23rd June 23rd.
Oh, you remember that? I always confused September and June. Right, 23rd.
Yeah, June and September and then it comes November. Yeah. Well, thanks a lot, sweetheart.
Okay. Have a great day. Well, that is just a shocking development, isn't it?
No. No. I think the biggest shock is that the fact he actually ignores my existence because
you remember after he got there, he was going to start a game. I couldn't recommend anybody else,
just me and Howard Stern. No, he just, I don't know. What's that right wing illness said in
with Phil? He just was never the same thing. Which is a shame. Because once upon a time, we had
some really great times, you know. He never had any great numbers, but nevertheless, oh, there's
hell where he's, yeah, he's striking. And the good news is that the Hillary camp allegedly is
really very nervous about your next president for Aquabella. I like him a lot. Me too.
And so he's young and experienced. He's unqualified. Well, what's all big deal?
Yeah. What makes somebody qualified to be the president? Is this lung kid?
There's no or nothing. He's qualified to be the president?
Pulse apparently qualifies you. I guess so. If you have a pulse, like if you live in sunrise and
you just have a barely measurable pulse, well, that is amazing news about Phil Henry. Are you sure?
Wow. How come nobody called and told us about that? And as soon as the public has been
taking any calls for about the 85 month, maybe that's it. I'm really because they just don't care.
Did you fear your nephew is in hell?
I feel that my nephew is not worth a long experience.
Not with the Lord. Then in other words, in hell.
I don't know. I fear no one alone. And because a case,
part of his body, like a limo.
You feared that that Roman Catholic communion is they ate your nephew's body.
All right, we have on the line in Van Aes here, a Roman Catholic priest on KFI M640.
Hello. How are you doing? Good.
Good listen, ma'am. First of all, I feel my condolences to you on the line with your nephew.
Are you a priest? Yes, I am.
Okay, so I just want to let you express something for you, okay?
So this is just you've been misinformed about the temple church.
What do you eat people?
Well, if you just hang on on display and see what I believe there's
and then you can draw your own conclusion.
But you eat people.
Let me explain what our teaching is and you draw your own conclusion.
Let the father explain, okay?
Okay, first of all, we believe that when you receive communion,
we receive the body and blood of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Oh, oh my God.
Well, hold on, ma'am. I mean, I'm just calling to let you know what I believe is.
You eat flesh and blood.
If you want to look at it that way, that's fine.
Oh my God.
That's fine.
How are I going to believe and you draw your own conclusion?
Ma'am, you got to let the father explain.
Well, why would I want to have you here and talk about it?
You can't let me explain.
This is my hell, razor.
Like clad, clad, clad, and young man.
Okay, do you answer that because you've been misinformed about what happened to your nephew?
You just told me you eat the butt.
You eat the whole damn thing.
Excuse me?
Don't you eat it?
We eat the host, yes.
The host?
But he says he's the whole body of the man.
That's not what I said.
You said you eat the blood and the flesh.
Of who?
Of the man.
No, of Jesus Christ.
Oh, God, oh, that is a blast to me.
Why would you take it, please, guys?
I'm trying to do it until you're not going to leave.
You don't tell me you're going to leave this important.
Do you eat up on the booty, too?
I'm not going to answer that.
I don't understand what what what's that mean?
What is this man talking about eating the Lord Jesus?
What in finish?
I'm not going to just say what he has to say.
From the scriptures, man, where Jesus took bread and blessed and broke it and said,
take this and eat it.
This is my body.
Oh, okay.
And then he took the cup of wine.
He said, take and drink this is my blood.
And again, he says, I'm going to eat my body and drink my blood.
He hasn't left the table.
Oh, my God.
This is good Friday.
Exactly.
And you're talking about eating up on Jesus.
I can tell you that.
I'm your book.
We believe you.
You're grovel on Jesus, ain't you?
You want?
You used to believe me.
You're grovel all along Jesus.
If I could just use to believe.
In my nest you're what about him.
Okay, man, I'll begin.
I'm not going to use this damn Catholics.
Mac than my boy.
I'm Mac done your boy.
I don't know what he's got.
I'm proud.
Then Catholics, Mac done your boy, huh?
You won't laugh no more.
And I used to say that I'm a butcher last lady.
And I'm going to ask her a question here.
Like some kind of Negro smog is more going over there.
Well, I'll tell you.
Listen to that.
I don't know if I can tell you.
It's like a brother best omega.
I'm out of trouble.
Listen, Father, I thank you for taking the time.
I really do.
All right, man, you have a good Easter.
Well, you pay for your sins.
Well, only God has to die.
That's true.
Thank you, Father.
All right, all right.
That was a Roman Catholic priest.
Man, Mac and all my boy like a brother buffet.
All you can eat me.
What was it?
What's it called, man?
All you can eat me, bro.
Ha, ha, ha!
Oh!
No.
Oh, god.
All that you eat me.
Yes?
Oh, god.
So, I'll stay.
Exactly.
Well, not only I still get a chuckle out of that last part anyway, but kills 4.5 good minutes, too.
Yeah.
So there's our tribute to your close personal friend, Phil Henry.
Let's see, here's the all kinds of stuff coming in on.
You know, this is really, if I would have told you this morning, and then you would have gotten this back to you to say,
that old man is so psychic because he's a miracle. He don't always find a hot machine.
Yeah.
Because I was thinking I was shaving and I always have these bizarre thoughts while I'm shaving.
I was thinking about Larry. I don't know why the hell I was thinking about this, but Larry King never paying all those people back.
I know what it was. I was thinking about that guy with the dog food that being, I had that grotesque health food story.
You know, the Neil Rogers nutrition center in San Suci a hundred years ago.
Yeah.
And it was this heavy said guy who I used to, he came in the store and used to sell his nutritional dog food, you know, with no chemicals and stuff.
And the customers would come in, they come up to the counter and you say, you have a door.
He was a good guy, big heavy said guy. It was kind of like a richy lot, a lot of from a fan store. He's dead now.
And one of the first things this guy told me when I was met him and I was talking to him, you know, he's a, you know, Larry King, I said he is.
And he always be five thousand dollars at some of a bitch.
He gave the same crap from when King was in town and was scamming people for five grand for the children's book.
He was going to write whatever, you know.
So here's the story from the New York Post that somebody faxed in.
Larry was the king of the deadbeats. Now, how do you like that?
Uh huh.
My psychic powers are spectacular.
I bet to say.
Uh huh.
CNN anchor Larry King may have put his days again, looking and drinking behind it, but Miami Beach memories by Joanne Beyondy is dredging up the bed all days.
I wonder if Joanne is kidded dick beyondy.
Although she probably doesn't know dick.
The book covers the glory days of Miami Beach from 19, 20, 19, 16 chronicles the town celebrities, including King, who was then busily struggling with gambling deaths in angry creditors.
King will, hopefully, change his name from Larry Ziegler because it was too Jewish, had a bad gambling habit, which eventually drove King out of town.
One Miami Beach hotel, your Irving Cowan has probably been King ever made into the big leagues.
There are a lot of people in Miami Beach who are still angry with Larry.
A lot of people he still owes money to.
He makes enough to pay them back.
That's exactly what I was thinking about.
Right? Wow. This is shocking.
I'm going to go back and shave again.
Larry King was a loser, so retired secretary and voteee owner Shirley Zerrett.
Everyone knew it.
He rented a home for my parents and moved out in the middle of the night.
Just skipped town.
He stiffed them big this big shot, Larry King.
Writer Edith Schindler Klein remembers him farly and said she was afraid for him.
He was a wise guy in New York, Jew, who never stopped talking.
He was a lot of fun to be around, but he owed money to guys with ties to the mafia.
It got scary. How do you like that?
How do you like that, my croutes big friend?
I will, I give it to you.
He borrowed money from my father and never paid it back because Banker Jack Corson.
He called me once and said, hey Jack, how much did I owe your father?
I told him it was $5,000.
I thought he was planning to pay it back, but no, he was filing for bankruptcy and wanted to tell you of his debts.
Oh, that's great.
I perform.
I performed for Larry King at two of his weddings when he looked at Miami Beach.
He did it for free because he was a friend, said comedian Don Sebastian.
He still owes me 20 bucks that he borrowed of the track.
Hope Pomeran's of cops would have said not too long ago Larry King was nominated to be on the Miami Beach Walk of Stars,
but the board voted him down.
That tells you what people think of him around here.
The book says some local snarl just to dimension his name.
ACNN spokesman said King had no comment.
Well, of course not.
What does he going to say?
I mean, after re-hashing, huh?
I know what Larry would say.
Don't be trusted.
That's the first thing you'd say.
Anyway, give back to your buddy Phil.
The article that somebody fastened, that's before the fact.
It's all the time.
I think you read that.
Well, I don't know if you actually read it like word for word on the air.
Are you the one that somebody just fastened?
Yeah.
You mean from April 27th till now, I already forgot.
Well, you forgot too, evidently.
No.
You didn't?
No.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
Jesus Christ.
Lurking allergies.
680 votes on the poll, by the way.
Maybe we'll get to a thousand, maybe not who cares.
We don't care.
Phil Stephen Henry.
Born September 1st, 1952, that would make him 54.
Was the host of the Phil Henry Show a Comedy Talk Radio program that was syndicated throughout
North America on Premier Radio and never working on XM satellite radio, while the Phil Henry Show
became renowned for its unique and controversial guests.
Those guests weren't real people at all.
They were fictional characters created and voiced by Henry himself.
Are you sure?
Henry's performed voices on the animated Fox sitcoms King of the Hill and Future Rama, and
in Team America, World Police, told you, in spring of 2006 he had a supporting role in the
live-action NBC sitcom Teachers, which was not on very long ago.
Henry was married to 1997.
The radio talk show was Maria Sanchez.
The waiting was held at the Queen Mary and was broadcast live on KFI.
Henry moved from Minneapolis and then to Miami where he further developed his show.
It doesn't say anything about WI-O-D though, just his to Miami.
The show then moved to KFI and L.A. since been nationally syndicated approximately 100 radio stations.
In February 2005, Henry moved from his flagship station KFI to Extra Sports 570 AM, a sports talk radio station
also in center in L.A.
Extra.
That's that Mexican station with like 80 billion watts.
Next TRA.
In early 2006 it was announced that he would be ending the film on the show, feeling he reached
elements of what he could do in terrestrial talk radio, borrowing an appropriate offer from
either the two satellite radio companies.
Henry expects to shift his career focus to acting.
His last radio broadcast was June 23rd, 2006.
And then it goes on about his feud with Tom Lichis and Bethe Beatta Bout.
Who he calls, it calls like his comover boy.
That's cute.
And here's an interesting thing with a little political background on film.
Consider his views unique for modern talk radio.
He's on one hand the registered Democrat who vocally supported Bill Clinton voted for
Outdoor over Bush in 2000 and voted for both Jimmy Carter and Walter Mondale over Reagan in the 80s.
Henry's also adamantly pro-choice and pro-game marriage at the same time, however.
He's extremely supportive of the Iraq war as well as the war on terror.
He voted for and supported President Bush in the 2004 election.
Shining John Kerry is trying to be all things to all people and costing listeners that Bush in time would be viewed as one of the greatest American presidents.
Wow.
I might be sick.
Bush will be viewed as one of the greatest.
He jokes a lot.
Just like Tom Lichis.
He viewed as one of the great talk hosts and his great co-op.
Wow. He felt like you got out while you were still having a little peace.
That looks to one of his bits.
What's that?
No, that was him.
That was his life.
That was a life.
He sold out.
When did he sold out?
Are you sure?
28 past 10 at 560.
That would be a QA.
I've been...
Yeah.
M-O-N-G-A-Y.
As you see, K-S.
Okay.
You're the print journalism.
And I just wanted to know what advice do you have for young people coming up into the field?
Like I...
A lot of professors are telling us how hard it is to get into the field.
I feel like, no, but you're in the field.
Do you have any advice on that?
President, experience is important.
Uh-huh.
Sure.
That is probably the most important.
Oh, it's way up there.
It's way up there.
Anything else?
Anything you need to do?
The pressure on the fire.
Mm-hmm.
Done this before.
I wanted to be his first surgery.
Okay.
Light himself well.
Okay.
These are things I have confidence in the young M.D.
Okay.
I'm talking about journalism field.
I'm lost.
What do you mean?
The journalism.
I'm a student journalism at a college.
And I was just wondering, the most important aspect of getting into journalism.
Not the medical field.
I think he's awesome.
From 39th.
I am exhausted from 39th.
No, no person, even those of us who are superhuman.
Those of us with hercually an appetite for the diverse and the bizarre.
Even those of us who have shown an aptitude to fight the good fight and stay in the field.
Stay in the good long battle.
Even those of us can get tired.
And your boy is tired after 30 consecutive nights.
They have already gone and I'm going to do that half hour because I'm pro.
That's what pro is to.
I'm a pro professional.
Look it up in the book.
That's what we do with pros.
We never rude.
We don't count out.
We don't tell you that we're ill or that we're looking for the farmhouse for the middle of the desert.
But that we're parked.
We don't tell you that maybe the checks didn't come through this month and whether the hell is it going anyway.
If you're a guy who's left 16, forwarding the dresses.
So what do you do?
What is the answer?
Yeah, you're a little preserved now.
Kind of worried about the club.
I don't worry about the club.
Worried about maybe Jackie might work.
Now or.
Okay, just.
Cool.
Life is a breeze.
Close some breezes.
There's no 110 miles an hour and get promoted up the hurricanes.
I just passed that along.
We can pass it along.
We're going to pass the line out to the newsroom.
The mutual newsroom.
High atop the overlooking downtown.
Beautiful downtowns.
The newsroom.
It's in Washington, BC.
The mutual newsroom would get us up to the bottom.
But it was headlines.
We're going to come back with a little more open-front American.
I have our salute to my man, David Zebert.
I've taken him to one of his favorite places.
One of mine too.
A town of Cooperstown, New York.
This is the Larry King show in Washington.
And we'll be right back.
Hey, how's it going?
So there he is.
There's your buddy who was just doing Halcyon.
Those were the Halcyon days, right?
Okay.
That would have been a play.
700 votes on the poll so far.
Which is not one of the most interesting of all time.
I mean, not even give the result.
Although let's see how Phil's doing on there.
He's already up to nine votes.
Are you sure?
Yep.
Which broadcasting figure were you most sorry to see to go in 2006?
Ed Bradley, 233 by far.
Nobody's even close.
That's probably because he died most recently in this fresh and everybody's mind, right?
Plus we liked Ed Bradley.
He was a good guy.
He wore an earring in his left earring.
Five weaver 84.
Howard Stern, who left for Westview, or radio 83.
Mohawar David did the 82.
Skipper Chuck's in 75.
Bob Lanciter 39.
Mike Wallace, 32.
Bob Sheifer, 23.
Old Fuddy-Duddy Bobby Schiefer.
Oki-Doki.
I hate this poll 21.
3%.
Phil Henry, he retired nine.
Christopher Glenn died eight.
Star Jones Reynolds, six.
And Greg Reed resigned.
It says four.
That must be him and the water Nazi and the Maddie Bell and the rapier.
Those four votes.
Wouldn't you think?
Maybe Gary Sardin.
Gary always had his head up Greg's ass.
But that's beside the point.
Boy, talk about Incoharant.
How come I don't play that moral?
Yeah.
What are you doing?
5.670560.
But the phones were smoking after that lady called about Phil and then they just calmed down.
I know it's Monday and it's already been a whole week since we put the calls back on there.
And as a Friday they ran out of material plus it's the holidays.
People are racing around like crazy people like chickens with their heads cut off.
Racing to the malls and the stores buying and shopping and slipping and like I said like crazy people.
WDQA and hello.
Like I said, like crazy people.
What I tell you.
How did I know that I knew right off the bat before I put my finger on it.
I knew it was going to go old thing.
I knew it would be the color purple when I pulled it out of there.
Speaking of finger, Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton has decided to pursue a run for the presidency in 2008.
What a surprise not.
And is asking the York State Democratic officials for their help and support.
Is she ramps up a campaign for the job held eight years by her husband?
I got news for her. She ain't no Bubba.
She's more like Bubba Mysy.
As Senator Clinton said she was going to begin actively considering a presidential run after the election.
That process has begun.
Said Howard Wilson and A. Declinton had a good Jewish boy with a name like that.
Most national political customers, the frontrunner, she enters the presidential race.
Though some political strategists say it will be difficult for a woman to win the top job at a national race.
The Republicans say privately they hope she does become the nominee because they feel it gives them the best chance of keeping the White House and Republican hands.
Oh yeah.
There are Jones in for a swallowing. Make no mistake about it.
Within her own party Clinton faces opposition from Democratic activists because her votes in favor of the Iraq war and are unwilling this to be a vocal opponent of the war.
Clinton had been clay about her plans throughout the election campaign but Wilson made it clear Sunday that the planning is moving ahead.
Also Evan Vi of Indiana is thinking he's going to everybody and her brother wants to be president.
Maybe Phil Henry can do it. He's not on the year now.
Wilson said Clinton needs to begin interviewing possible presidential campaign staffers in recent weeks but a week but a little bit of up.
She also has her husband former president Bill Clinton as a main political advisor.
I got news for her. If she didn't have him she wouldn't have squat.
That's her main claim to fame besides winning the two elections as Senate in the year.
Her main claim to fame is she's Bill Clinton's wife.
Yeah.
When you say?
Absolutely.
I would say but then again more predigious.
We're not big Hillary fans. Sorry.
No.
No, I make no apologies for it.
Sorry.
Because that would be like to the usual Democratic death wish.
And then Phil could support you know, Hermann Gehringer whoever the Republicans run in 2008.
But then he won't be on the year anyway.
I'm sure I'll be on the year anyway.
That is really bizarre.
The fact that I read that back in April if you're claiming that I did read it.
Yeah, I remember gotten to know and I'm thinking more about Larry and not paying people back.
It goes to show I'm more like Larry King in pencil and Phil Henry in pencil.
Because Phil kind of like turned out to be a bitter disappointment as the time were on.
And I don't have to ask you if you know what I mean.
I know what you mean.
Hi, Junior, honey.
Hi.
Hi.
I'm Erin Somersen.
You know what?
You got me talking on the passion song.
Tell me the story about how you got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Holy cow.
Oh, oh.
Woohoo.
I'll tell you what's more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
Yes.
The lines are jammed up.
Yeah, there isn't a doubt.
Call up and tell me what it's all about.
I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Holy cow.
Oh, oh, oh.
I'll tell you what's more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
Absolutely.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
Oh, oh, oh.
I got you down.
Here on the show, there's a new topic each night.
Who do you have sex with with a black or blue and white?
I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Holy cow.
Oh, oh, oh.
Woohoo.
I'll tell you what's more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
1047 watching.
I'm shooting back at a lot of memories today.
Isn't it most of them bad?
No, they're all right.
Nice going Brian Schmutz by the way finally brings in a thing I asked you about earlier
and he just facts it to me directed you to that.
I facts it.
Yeah.
Nice going Brian Schmutz, you're really doing it.
I think he had a lobotomy in between the time he left the first time then they came back on our sales department.
Just ain't the same guy in no mo.
But then again they're eating no mo.
And they're eating no mo calls neither because they're out of calls as a Friday.
It took him less than a week to exhaust months and months and months of all.
I've built up pent up frustration and angst in the material that they had been building up and it's all gone.
It's like, you know, taking a really tiny balloon and sticking a pin prick in there and that's it.
That's all there was.
What do you mean?
What were you saying?
I said pin.
Oh, you said that movie.
Yes, I did.
Have you seen Leon lately?
No lately.
I'm not getting the three six plus on the pool.
I think we got a shot of the thousand today.
Now it's going to be a challenge today and it's my fault for that.
First of all, it's not really a very exciting pool.
It's not controversial.
It's not, yeah, it really required much of an opinion just as somebody that you liked.
And they're either dead or fired in it or retired in it or whatever.
I noticed nobody on here was fired at it.
Everybody retires.
See, that's the way it works at QM.
Nobody ever gets fired.
They just vanish.
Well, this appears like in politics.
We accepted so and so's the resignation.
No one.
Right.
I felt that he's really ready for the role.
He's going to be resigned because they know they can't get confirmed in the Senate.
And he's going to be out anyway.
So instead of the embarrassment of that, he just resigned and it did.
Like Mohawar David.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
736 votes on there.
And Phil Henry's got 16.
He's catching up to Fuddy-Delly Bob Sheifer.
How do you like that?
Don't that be something if he catches his old, grimy ass?
WQAM, hello?
Neil, how are you doing?
Okay, sir.
Great.
Good to hear you boys.
I live in the last week we were talking about, you mentioned, what's the doctor, Atkins.
I want to let you know that his mother passed last Wednesday.
I'm the guy who called you a few years ago.
Oh my God.
His mother had what she about 140?
Yeah, 97.
She was pushing it.
Yeah, really pushing it.
So, probably what she did.
Maybe she was pushing too hard like the seeds.
And the soul, this is Atkins, has really hit, if I could say it, the mother was.
Yeah, okay.
Okay.
Okay, whatever you say.
We struck the mother, though, that's what the Anna Christiansons said in network.
There was just about the time that Josh fell asleep in the middle of watching that movie.
Speaking of Josh and his Tampa Bay bucks, they are really kicking some very serious asses their own.
They lost to the pathetic series yesterday.
The World Defensive Defenseless Champions.
Was it 21 to 3? Is that correct?
Squirted I dream that.
Yeah, that's right.
I know the patients had a very young, very young, very young, very young.
They were trying to get a line.
They were pulled out of their butt right there at the ass end.
But nevertheless, they did.
And Tom Brady came through and Cory Gillan and they won again.
See, a win is a win, whether it's by a point.
Now, of course, that's not for the gamblers out there.
I'm sure they didn't cover the spread.
I don't know what the spread was against Detroit.
It was probably more than seven, wouldn't you think?
Yes, I would definitely.
I would think so.
So, all you gamblers out there, what did I tell you last week about people who want to gamble on ball games?
Too bad!
There's enough stress when you're a real fan just watching the game, hoping that your team wins.
So, it makes you feel like all whatever goosey and stuff.
But when you got a bet on the game, boy, you talk about the pressure and the stress.
It's enough to give you a corner.
I should have given it an oil clog your arteries.
That was fun.
Yeah, I'm sure.
But you just keep plunging your guts out, man.
Gambling is an evil.
Know what they say?
You know what I mean?
Still can't.
I still can't.
Did I say that article?
I don't know.
Some day I might have to read it again.
There are very few things that I've ever read on the year in my life that impacted me.
So, historically, is that Bob Norman article from the New Times?
The title slots in town?
Yeah.
Well, what was the term you used to get?
I got it right here.
I saved it.
I got it.
Where the hell's that thing where he said about the zombie-like creature sitting there mindless pushing buttons,
but it would be a bit of a...
Oh yeah, it's all sucking me.
He's no-no.
He has been around the slot machines at Seminole Hard Rock in Vegas in the Audiodeonia,
and he came to despise them.
How do you like that?
I had a decent machine on Saturday with my neighborhood.
How do you like that?
And I walked out of there feeling like I went a million bucks.
I broke even money.
It was never behind very much.
I never had very much.
I had a thousand on the wheel, five hundred twice on the wheel.
I was still only broke even.
And four hundred on the line.
And who cares?
I think I'm going to start writing these things down that I can kill about a half an RV day on the show.
Oh, in the first half hour I had two hundred on the line.
I had the... you know, whatever.
I had two five times as in the red seven was in the upper.
I actually didn't have two wheel of fortunes.
And then a blank in the third wheel that pisses you off.
You know, because if you get all three of me, you get the progressive jackpot, 166 grand.
Didn't happen.
Okay, if it were going to happen, I would have probably taken a couple of days off.
748 votes on the poll.
Let's see Phil Henry's got the 20 now.
He's climbing the ladder.
Now that you finally announced his retirement on our show here today.
So he was kissing my ass toward the ass end, huh?
Well, what was that about?
I don't know. Maybe he got religion.
You think that's what it is?
Or maybe he'd like to... maybe he was Jones in a work on this station or something like that.
I'll take it.
Phil Henry in the morning.
Are you picking on...
Now if the night is the QM Christmas party, none of you are invited by the way.
We're not.
Well, I mean none of the audience.
Oh, okay.
I was going to say...
And I hope that Kenny Walker takes you aside and really gives you look forward for trying to sandbag their morning show,
the Kenny and Bo Morning show, with those great things that they do, those great segments.
Probably just ignoring me, pretend he doesn't know me.
I noticed at least this morning he's not promoting those sports segments as much as he was before.
Although who did he say that we're going to have on tomorrow?
Somebody, I can't forget who it was.
I'm just not big on prefabricated segments.
I just... I don't know.
It just... it gives me the willies.
It gives me the creeps to the wet willies.
You know, just the dry willies.
That's even more like the dry...
It's like the dry heaves.
56670560, pound 560.
So you see, thank God that I wised up last week and I have a decent sized pole here today.
There's nothing like having a decent sized pole because I'm telling you right now,
these callers, man, you can't complain about it.
There aren't any.
We've got to have the callers back, Neil.
That's what the meat and potatoes of the show.
That's what makes it really entertaining.
Well, where the hell are they, man?
Where are those calls?
Like, are we to give a crap, right?
Right.
I do.
I'm very emotional about it and I feel...
I feel personally rejected and wounded and bruised.
You'll see. Watch this one.
QAM, hello.
Federal World Country.
See? What did I tell you?
And he's right.
For once he can finally hit a pole, it is a third world country.
And that's why nobody's got anything to say.
The mindless, the hopeless, the desporados.
Oh, and here's the speaking of what by this is a guy out there who looks and acts just like the guy with the eyes.
Oh, really?
And I was fortunate the other day he's playing next to me again, which I despise this guy.
He's got booze breath and he's just a nerdy guy.
I was just like that.
And he pulled this down a couple of months ago.
He was playing next to me.
He said, how come you were watching everybody else's board?
You know, every board I've ever heard.
I've never heard anybody call a submachine a board.
Because I watched the machines to see what they're doing.
You know, it's called being a perceptive and...
Yeah.
...their...
...he's finding the hot machine, man.
So yesterday I had them as for Saturday.
And they were working in play next to me again.
And after he'd been sitting there lying, I just pretended I didn't see him.
I was paying no attention to him.
And I sure as always looking at his machine, man.
And after a while he says to me, sir, could you do me a favor?
I said, what's that?
And thinking, oh boy, here we go.
He says, could you not look at my machine?
And this time instead of being polite and trying to be known, I just lost it.
I said, really?
I said, you pulled the same crap the last time you were here.
I said, do me a favor.
Next time you come and play somewhere far away from me.
I said, I'll look at whatever machine I want.
I said, it's called being perceptive and all what that was going on with the machines.
I said, secondly, I sure as long not looking at you, so just don't worry about it.
Boy, does he have a lot of...
Oh, right.
Just like, seriously, you think that he was like a twin brother to guy with you, I...
Yeah.
Just like that.
Looks like him, talked like him, only with the addition, the addition of the light of...
...who's breath.
Maybe he thinks you're sucking the luck out of his machine, but...
Yeah, look at my machine, look.
What the hell do you care what I'm looking at?
I'm sure I'm going to use a nasty looking piece of mong.
Good.
Yeah, could you do me a favor, now look at my machine.
I should've said, yeah, I'll put some blinders on it.
I'll go out to the barns, the horse track, and I'll go out and get some blinders
and put them out of their sights so I don't have to see your ugly post.
And smell your nasty grotesque booze breath.
Well, if there's one thing I cannot stand, it's booze breath.
Sigger right breath, I'm not too keen on either, but booze breath, I just...
Can't deal with it.
God.
I just mentioned that in person.
Okay.
They're gone with the eyes.
And maybe one day he'll die, I, I, I, I, I.
Now, 1056 and 560, WQI.
I got your breath, the beautiful Christmas is right around the corner.
Now's the time to get your child the new educational joy that everyone's talking about.
New from Hasbin, the Ku Kluck Kramer doll.
The Ku Kluck Kramer doll?
How does it work?
Sear child's eyes light up when he pulls this ring.
And here's a cute, cuddly turkey in the likeness of Michael Richards.
As he says one of five timeless lines about the holiday.
Hey kids, can you pass the light, please?
Wow, this Ku Kluck Kramer doll is neat.
Mom, look.
Now kids, be the turkey, ain't he?
I mean, come on in your old business and some hook refers and trust in you before you come here.
Um, maybe we should put the Ku Kluck Kramer doll away now.
Come on, mom, let me play.
Here's a turkey, here's a turkey, throw a mouth, here's a turkey.
What kind of toy is this?
Oh, mom, everyone at school wants a Ku Kluck Kramer doll.
The KKK doll is the best.
Honey, don't abbreviate. I'll explain later.
The Ku Kluck Kramer doll.
At now and gets a Jerry Seinfeld talking pilgrim at No Ex for God.
What's the deal with holiday food? I don't know.
Hey, anyway, you notice how they're all saying the same thing?
They're all saying Ku Kluck Kramer doll?
Yes.
Yeah, and I think only a dumb clock would say that.
Well, what the hell do I know?
Right.
Ku Kluck Kramer doll.
Seven out of 72 votes are very, very important poll today.
Million for Tante. Don't ask me why.
It's kind of boring.
Which broadcasting figure were you most sorry to see go in 2006?
One of our listeners sent that in with the best of intentions.
And it was easy just to slap it on there, you know.
Ed Bradley, 249 with that earring in his left ear.
Thank God the left ear. Nice going head. Good work.
Bob Weaver, Weaver the Weatherman 90.
Boy, that tells me I'm getting old.
Wow. I remember those ancient days.
Ralph Redneck was the anchor and Bob Weaver and Dick Fennel used to share the
or weather casting and Jim Prozmer, remember him?
And there are now Bob Weaver's dead and Ralph Redneck is dead and Bishop is dead.
Oh, Jesus, God.
Howard Stern left the rest of your radio 87.
Mo Howard David ended in 87.
He's still alive.
What does that tell you?
Bob Weaver's dead and Mo Howard David's still alive.
That's intended. There's no God right there.
All you God squad crowd out there.
You idiots.
Well, the good Lord said, yeah.
Skipper Chuck Zink died. He's 80.
I mean, he was, he's got 80 votes.
What am I talking about?
Do I sound a little bit inquirer today?
A little bit.
Not as the inquirer does Larry though.
Bob Lastider 41, Mike Wallace 36 retired.
Didn't die. He retired.
I hit this pull.
31. 4%.
Now it's up to four.
They're starting to get sorely.
They're turning on us.
Phil Henry 26.
Retired from radio as we knew it.
Bobby Sheeper 26.
Old Bobby.
Christopher Klein died.
Nine.
Star Jones Reynolds.
What is it?
Six.
And Greg Weed who was still got the same four phone votes he had in the beginning.
I don't even know why he's on here.
Seven 77.
Wow.
Don't you like the sound of that but now it's seven seventy nine.
And we got a shot at that thousand.
I think if we get over 800 by the next to 20 hours, we'll make a thousand by two o'clock.
Ooh.
Do you think?
Five.
I'll give that number one more time that I'm going to assume that because it's the holidays and it's Monday.
You've got none of this thing.
Let me think that's a very assessment of this because I'm not going to sit here and beg for calls before I was anymore.
Not to do other ones.
I'm going to change the show back.
Let's go back to the way it used to be.
And you know, it was so much more fun when it was really great callers.
You know that?
It was great callers.
You have the same of two or three ones that you're talking about, including the nut job that's been on there forty times already today.
But we need to be a he needs to be taken out.
Not for a me or this for just taking out.
Out for shun for example.
Yeah, taking out with Dick Cheney.
Oh, we have another traffic checkpoint.
Here's the more of a little bit of the crap.
No less apparently.
Wow.
I'm not holiday is no less of Christmas and Chinoca and Quanziton just to piss off everybody out there in the pubic.
BSO deputies will conduct a traffic enforcement operation.
Let's see December 5th.
That's tomorrow.
Tomorrow.
So you have a whole day's warning now.
From approximately 7pm till 10pm in the 300 block of Dixie highway and Dany Beach.
Wow.
Vehicles will be inspected for defective safety equipment and motors will be asked to show their drivers license, registration, proof of insurance and shoe size.
This information is publishing compliance with a Supreme Court World of Mendes.
They permit us for the selective enforcement activities.
Let me see how to pay bears.
Yeah, bring your get all your papers together.
Otherwise they're going to drag your ass away and you're going to get taken to Syria.
You're going to have a rendition.
What's your favorite rendition of that old black magic?
The original.
7 to 10pm tomorrow night, 300 block of Dixie highway and Dany Beach.
I'll save that.
I'll put it in my pile for tomorrow's time mission again because it'll kill you know about 20 seconds.
WQA and Hello.
No, I'm going to hang in there.
WQA and Hello.
Yes, hi.
Good afternoon.
Good morning Neil.
Good evening.
Yes.
I just hope you're getting through the holiday hustle and bustle well.
I don't pay any attention to it.
And now you're not a big shopper.
But if you do have the opportunity this year, I hope you take advantage of the wardrobe sale and get rid of some of those.
Hey, OK, great.
Let me hear you in.
Hello.
No.
Yeah, yeah.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, could I tell you a real great game story.
1973, 1974.
I just moved back from California and I went to get high-line a lot.
And he was there every day in the matinee.
He had hair down to his shoulders and kind of a big butt cut.
And he was borrowing like 10 bucks, 20 bucks from people.
And I was a little shocked because I remember he had been on the radio previous to that.
He was a little shocked.
Yeah.
And then you know, that was his reputation.
And then of course he took off when he hit the TV again.
But I didn't think one day say that the...
How many of you haven't for his deadbeat?
That's what he was.
His Florida days he was a strictly a deadbeat and then...
Well, he just got lucky because the guy became obsessed with him and put him on mutual.
And he failed there mutual overnight so they thought, well, let's stick his ass on TV.
And he fell into a bucket of crap.
Kind of think of the guy's name.
He died since but there was a guy that was like obsessed with him.
It was a mutual radio at that time.
Ed's something or other.
I forget his name.
It was a big, glary groupie, you know.
And that's the only reason he is where he is today.
Not pretty exciting?
No, I knew that.
It's sad.
Well, the audience probably didn't remember that.
They probably have Alzheimer's like magic.
Forgetting about Phil.
Because I'll hang it up.
I know that day.
I mean, that's one of the most important things, isn't it?
Yeah.
What is this that you just sent where there are two pieces of paper?
You know, I didn't realize that there were the same piece of copy.
That's what they handed me.
That's what I asked.
And they seemed to be the same from...
Okay.
They seemed to be the same on radio and suspected it and all that.
I hope who the hell is responsible for that.
Oh, that's that new guy.
Steve Sloan.
I remember Ernie Sloan behind the Velvet Rope.
Oh, there was the guy.
He belonged on the ear.
Or what?
Ernie Sloan.
That was a WNWS on, really years ago.
He was a restaurant critic.
Behind the Velvet Rope with Ernie Sloan.
Oh, wow.
It was quite a show.
To miss.
I was going to have a show to miss.
And most people did.
And it wasn't on very long.
Behind the...
Oh, man.
If we had some stuff on the ear or what over the years, uh...
Oh, wow.
Man, of course we got Lenny Martez tonight at 9 o'clock just to keep...
Keep the tradition going, you know.
Look, on hockey night in Canada, they have a thing there where it says the tradition continues.
You know, all these years of losing, or guess what they mean.
But, uh, and that is continuing.
But the tradition continues on QM of having people on the ear who absolutely don't belong on the ear,
even just to say, uh, hello, goodbye.
How come I can't find Lenny Martez in this thing?
Oh, here it is.
Experience what winning is all about winning.
Yeah, there it is.
And we put that on the ear with a straight face.
No punches pulled, you know what I mean?
How's that show going, by the way, Josh, that auto show on Saturdays?
Let's go on that.
What are you laughing about?
He's involved with that show.
I know.
I don't come in here listening to the auto show on Saturday because, uh, you know, there's too many punches pulled.
I mean, no punches pulled.
You don't want a real deal?
The real deal, yeah.
For a local meal.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
For a real slameal.
790.
Oh my god.
What was I just mentioning all the moments ago?
What station?
WS, WNWS, 790 on the dial.
Now, isn't that interesting how things, you know, what comes around, goes around there.
I always say I have no idea what that means.
But it means, in other words, if you punch somebody in the nose now, somebody's going to take a big dump on your girl.
But baby, right.
But the bottom line is that 790 was WNWS.
And now it's the fan.
I mean, whatever, what do they call it?
The, uh, ticket.
Excuse me.
The ticket.
You know, the station, all their numbers always start with a, like that in front.
And then there's decimal point.
And then whatever comes up after that.
790.
WNWS.
I wish I had some jingles or something to play from WS news, but I don't.
We didn't really have any jingles.
No?
No.
What?
Too bad.
And we didn't have any jingles that I would, uh, what?
WNZ.
We certainly have no jingles.
I would either we did.
Sure.
Scared.
Huh?
Scareds of them.
We did.
Low here's some.
Lots.
Oh, man.
This is the call it interesting.
Somebody give you what you've had.
He's standing painting, putting our colors on.
Oh, uh, uh.
You're just taking your hand in this form water.
Uh, uh, uh.
Oh.
WI-O-D.
My hand.
Wow.
WI-O-D.
WI-O-D.
WI-O-D.
WI-O-D.
WI-O-D.
WI-O-D.
WI-O-D.
WI-O-D.
WI-O-D.
WI-O-D.
WI-O-D.
WI-O-D.
WI-O-D.
WI-O-D.
WI-O-D.
WI-O-D.
WI-O-D.
WI-O-D.
WI-O-D.
Oh, I hate that state.
Amen, hello, your brother.
The old, uh, now who was that?
Was that Don Agony?
I mean, you were done.
Or Geronimo, whatever hell's name was?
Geronimo.
Un-
Beelieble.
Yeah.
And aren't they back on the year somewhere on some marginal uh...
Don and Mike, uh, blow.
Huh?
Aren't they on somewhere?
Yeah, they're on, uh, I think they're on market.
Star market.
797, baby.
Oh, we're going back to the break, well, I'm over 800 votes will be well on our way to 1000.
I don't know what you were so negative about the start of the show.
I told you, no sweat.
Piece of cake.
And I also told you that Phil Henry is not on terrestrial radio anymore.
But he was tired.
Well, I forgot.
And that Larry King is a slime ball, who never paid anybody.
See, that's the thing that bothers me.
Everybody can go through a slime ball period of their life.
That's not a problem.
But then when you make millions and millions, they never have anything.
And then, of course, a couple of years ago, you remember the National Aquarium is agent.
It's more than three years.
It's several years ago.
Oh, Larry is, uh, feels bad about this.
Sure.
And they're earlier a mischievous.
He's going to pay everybody back.
Did he ever pay anybody back?
A nickel?
Not that I know of.
I've never heard of nothing.
I will, I give it to you.
And quite to the contrary, never give back a penny.
Well, you know, it cost a lot to keep those suspenders, the, the style of suspenders going.
And to keep that bag full.
And that bimbo white.
Well, whichever one that is number 85.
His kid though, Larry Ziegler.
You know, that was his name.
Larry Ziegler was his son's name.
And that was amazing.
He worked for us at W.S. News.
I'll tell you one thing.
I don't know what, I don't remember what he did at the show.
I don't know what he did there.
I know he looked pretty good.
God.
How could Larry have been his father?
How do you know he was?
Well, that's what they said anyway.
Right.
Although Larry didn't show up for his wedding, kid got married and his father never showed up for his wedding.
Wouldn't you say that it would be like somebody answering after their mother's funeral?
I wouldn't do it that.
That would be really crass and grotesque.
Although at least the fact of the matter is, at least his son was still alive when he got married.
You were nice to mom when she was alive.
I did whatever I could.
You know, now she's in the ground in the hell with it.
Well, I'm just not one of those people that's big on death.
Okay, and all this, oh, we've got to have a big funeral and a big deal.
You were just, you know, you live your life, enjoy it, and then I sit and then let's move on.
Move on.
Life is for the living.
That's right.
And you've dead people well, you know.
Good luck to you.
I have my nose up, Neal's ass.
Absolutely.
Welcome.
Joey's days I've done.
Joey's days I've done.
The Mars show is his son.
The show just ain't no fun.
So what does Gallaud Bruce think Joey is gonna do?
He's got a smile we can get.
And now we're crying out in pain.
The paintings are a question.
No wonder we do have to get started to crawl away.
Joey's got a gun.
Joey's got a gun.
Neal can help this one.
Ready, your days are done.
What is it gonna do?
It's ready, your days are through.
You try to smile we can get.
And now we're crying out in pain.
The paintings are a question.
No wonder we do have to get started to crawl away in pain.
Roll away.
Roll away.
Roll away.
Roll away.
Roll my gun.
Roll away.
Roll away.
Roll away.
Roll away.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I still think that was the beginning of the end when I put it back on our D even just on the weekends.
And Joey came back in for the third time.
He had the least.
I remember the day Jerry Bruce came in and he said I'm in a commercial break and he says to me, how much do you hate Joey Reynolds?
I said, what are you talking about?
I don't hate him.
I can take him or leave him.
Well, he wants to come back and then he put him on the air again.
I remember how he found out he was being replaced by seeing the new redroids for the new show in the rack.
Really? And I had to be the one to tell him.
Are you serious?
Yeah.
Are you sure?
Joey Reynolds found out he was being replaced because he saw the regilings for the show that was going to replace him in the rack.
After a show I was putting, you know, carts away as we did.
Yeah.
He was putting his aside because there were new show opens, regilings and whatnot in the slots where his carts went and Bill Marshall came in.
You say slots?
I did.
I'm sorry.
And Bill Marshall came in and said why are you putting those carts down there in the to be reused carts instead of filing them away?
And I said because there are other carts in those slots and he goes what carts?
And I said the carts that are going to be played next week for the new show.
And then I said another word that we can't say on the air anymore.
Oh my God.
You are, you are just like Kenny walking.
You're a past.
Yeah.
Yeah. Well, I got a good teacher.
Evil.
Evil, can evil, man. That's a George.
Oh, look at that. Now he's on line nine, your buddy.
QAM, hello.
QAM.
Josh Corners line. Hello.
It's me.
It's me.
Josh Corners line.
Okay, that's good.
I like these people that had like their own little studio and their cranking the stuff up you know.
And great poor job though, by the way.
And that equipment's even worse than the QAM equipment.
Pretty embarrassing.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 boy.
This thing with a calls man.
This is really a relief.
Because basically what I'm going to do is prepare the same usual gigantic pile of material here every day that I've been doing for several months.
And assume that there won't be any calls.
And then if there's like one or two real ones, like they got with a wardrobe guy again, you know, like that.
Guess what, Pally?
You should be doing his bad as I'm doing.
Okay, that's my wish for all these detractors out there.
You should only be doing his bad as I'm doing.
Hey, at least if I'm going up with new material.
Yeah, right.
Exactly. After 100 years with the same sad old stick band.
Oh, that wardrobe.
You're going to a new and all.
I'm going to wear a burlap sack everywhere I go.
Okay, when I go to Woodbine, I strip there in a burlap sack.
They say, well, here's the old man in the burlap sack again.
Okay.
I'm going to buy you a new shiffer robe to keep your wardrobe there.
Oh, these people.
So, Stale is last year's Hall of Alm and it's this crowd.
That's how photo for you.
And that article by what's his name?
That's Schmuck in the New Times.
What else is his name again?
Bob Hamilton.
Bob Allew.
Bob A'ane.
What is that guy's name?
Bob Norman.
Bob Norman Elliott Kent.
Oh, how they lose.
He says, how they lose and bop bop bop bop bop bop bop.
I couldn't stomach it.
He says, I skipped that depressing chamber as soon as the last of my $5.20 bills had vanished.
I know.
I'll never go back to that place again.
He says, I'll never go back to those Gulf states, watching against his Bob Norman.
And I'm sure they're delighted.
Okay.
In fact, I can hook him up with that guy with the eyes.
Look a light guy.
Hey, would you do me a favor and I'll look at my machine, man.
Yeah, right.
You simple, then you idiot.
But I'm going to say that Bob Norman based in that article that I read on your Friday.
He is the epitome of South Florida and all the eels, all the eagles.
He's what it's all about.
It's that guy.
A real Yehu.
W.D.Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
What are you doing this ship in New Year's Eve?
Well, you're writing a book?
I just like to know what you do in New Year's Eve.
I don't do anything under New Year's Eve.
I see you watching TV and I go to bed early.
I don't participate with drunken crazy people.
I don't want to get killed.
No party.
No, no party.
Okay.
Have a great life, pal.
And get out of here, Schmuck.
What am I doing for New Year's Eve?
These are great.
These are the best calls of our lives, man.
When they reach that point where they have absolutely nothing left, that's when it gets really good.
How can you tell?
Oh, I don't know.
I just had a feeling he was screaming for a topic conversation.
It could be wrong about that.
Sometimes a little bit cynical, you know, a little over the top.
Like, I'm old Greenside.
You think I'm skimming off the top?
Remember that?
Remember the way he had that kind of a strange accident?
He's a jerk just.
Yeah.
Skimming off the top.
And of course, you remember...
Well, let me tell you something, my friend.
My croutes, big friend.
828 votes on the poll.
We're going to make a thousand a day as far as all these goofballs out there, these simple things.
These idiots, these quizzlings who make South Florida the outdoor toilet that it is today.
If you're walking down the street, in fact, if you're listening on like your walkman or whatever right now,
you're walking down the street, just put your pants down and drop a big load on the sidewalk like a dog, you know.
Because it's South Florida.
You see, I wouldn't see nothing wrong with that because South Florida is all about...
Yeah, that's the middle name.
Crap is us.
I can just see those billboards, can't you?
Welcome to a real crappy place.
South is good.
I know the logo.
We're even, you know, living and breathing people can't have fun.
And they, you know, they find out about that pretty quick and they say,
oh, I can't wait to get out of this place.
I can't wait to get out of here.
How about those fish and fins and whatever column this week?
Squish the fish and Jacksonville did yesterday.
They kicked their ass.
I mean, one minute they're talking Joey Harrington, like all of a sudden he's going to be a hollow flamer.
Am I right, Josh?
After those four wins in a row, all of a sudden Joey Harrington is the Arab parent.
He's a genius.
He's Dan Riegnel number two.
Am I right?
Oh, yeah, but he turned into a turd real quick.
You know, he regressed back into true form as what he did.
He sucks.
Joey Harrington, my ass.
In fact, that that Joey's day is done.
It could be appropriate for him.
Maybe we'll get that.
He's caught peppers back in there one of these days if he can stand up.
It's kind of hard for a statue to stand straight up.
Feel how everybody's got 35.
He passed old funny Daddy Bob Sheifer like he was laid out on a slab.
I'm pretty proud to say.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Hey, you were mentioned in the article this weekend and I think it was a unfit note.
It's about now that the packs of Splendid that are being stolen from the restaurant.
Oh, great.
And they mentioned how Neil Rogers used to talk about it on his radio show,
the saccharin back in the little piece of sweat and low.
Yeah, but just they had a couple interviews with some college students and Miami University Miami.
They said that as long as they're on the table, they feel that they should be able to take them.
Right. Well, that's fantastic.
And I want to spend their entire lives in the jungle for a practice-based perfect.
Just keep taking all the stuff off the table, the sweet and the low, the Splendid, whatever it is,
the knives, the folks, the sugar, and whatever you got.
And just jam it in your pocket, okay? Jam it in your pants.
The biggest name of best talents to the business, Neil Rogers.
Are you sure you're a radio 560?
You A.M.
Oh, no, tell me.
Those groups.
Uh-oh.
I know the place.
Now, if it's not going to play, better tell me.
I don't like this dead aircraft.
More technical problems in the QM studio with the Crap AQM equipment.
How about-
In record stores now, it's the most repulsive Christmas album you'll ever hear.
Alie McBeal purges all the Christmas favorites.
Alie McBeal purges all the Christmas favorites.
Listen to it while eating fruit cakes.
I think that's the most offensive part of the holiday season to me is fruit cake.
I don't care to mention why anybody would eat it,
why they would give it a gift one.
If you don't like somebody, give them a fruit cake.
That's a good message.
I think there's only like 10 fruit cakes and they just keep getting passed around.
But why would anybody give it?
Nobody eats that.
I mean, it's as dry as like a Zodost, right?
It's Crap.
But it was big chunks of dried fruit in there.
Oh, man.
But anyway, enjoy it.
It's part of the great holiday season.
844 votes on the pool.
That's not too shabby.
We had a fairly slow start because I put this on here.
I don't know.
A little later, and I probably should have.
But whatever.
Which broadcasting figure were you most started to see go in 2006?
That's a very important award-winning poll question.
And the answer is Ed Bradley.
The others are fairly insignificant compared to old Ed.
Ed 269 for Ed Bradley.
Nobody else has even got 100.
How do you like that?
Aren't you impressed?
No.
Bob Weaver, who died 97, we were the weatherman.
Moe Howard David had resigned.
Of course, when Moe dies, how are you going to know?
96.
Howard Stern left the rest of your radio 95.
It should be a real wound to that gigantic ego of Howard
that in our group, he's a distant fourth on the list.
Even Moe Howard David had gone and beat out in that path.
Okay.
If I had a big pompous ego like that and all that money he's making.
How can you make that kind of money and have an ego?
I don't understand it.
I don't either.
Skipper Chuck Zink, who croaked 87.
Well, at least he won't be doing any more of those embarrassing TV spots.
For like, Paul Adent and like, Paulie Bergen and some of these other Florence Henderson.
When he was a little bit Martha Ray.
Remember those Martha Ray spots?
He died, didn't she?
Oh, yeah.
Finally, she was doing Paul Adent spots, you know, for your false teeth.
Skipper Chuck 87.
And then it's way down to Bob Lancet or 44.
Mike Wallace, 39.
Rateri, he's not dead.
He's 148.
I hate this poll.
See, it's climbing 38.
4.4%.
It's the hostility.
It's the holiday season, you know.
Other than South Florida is supposed to have like good will.
And to feel good about the your fellow men and women and children and dogs and stuff like that.
But they don't.
By the way, no reason.
The third copy of that deadbeat Larry King.
Thank you, Ron.
Already rented on the air.
Okay, we're not interested anymore.
We already beat that out of the ground with Larry King's stuff.
Okay.
Good.
God.
I hate this poll 38.
Phil Henry retired 36, which we even know about because I got the, I'm seen off.
And I forgot.
Maybe it's just because the passage of time, you know, it's a few months.
Bob Sheeper 26, Christopher Glendoy 11.
Now, what was that thing you had that clip you played for me earlier?
What is that thing?
In the news thing.
In the news with, I forgive him.
I don't find this thing.
No, I don't, don't worry.
Okay, I will.
Star Jones Reynolds fired from the view six and they put that Dike, Rosia,
and they fed a militant hostile bull like and then Danny DeVita was on his mask out of his mind.
And nobody cares because only fat shut in bras watched the view.
She's got six and Greg Reed resided says here's still got four resigned my ass.
Although now he's over a pound 96 because the people in Beasley are a glue down and glue tons for punishment.
They brought him back alive.
Greg Reed, well, you got to have something to do.
You know, he's a consultant.
Right, which means he's a loser.
He sure messed this place up pretty good and poured Joe Bell, man.
He's still trying to, he's trying with crazy glue to glue the pieces of the puzzle back together again.
Without what I would say, great success.
But that last trend, maybe we're turning the corner.
What do you think, huh?
Maybe.
Could be.
Well, I speak on a cruise which I keep giving you people advice and a lot of you won't listen to me.
But that's okay.
The one you want.
It's your money, it's your life.
It's your funeral.
As my mother used to say, it's your funeral.
And of course, turns out that it was hers.
That's cute.
And it is.
It's just that you just get tired of people to want to elect you your older lives.
Now, don't do that.
It's not the nag, nagging women.
In fact, that's a good bit for a chicken neck.
For the tune of pretty woman, nagging women.
Oh, God.
I can't handle it.
During a seven-day Caribbean cruise, 338 passengers and 46 crew members were sick and via
virus aboard the world's largest cruise ship cruise official, say yesterday.
Another one of these.
Everybody's puking their guts out.
The athletes chose to rock Caribbean's freedom of the seas, which returned to schedule to the
Port of Miami yesterday, according to a statement from the Miami-based company.
The ill passengers received odor over the counter medication and crew members sanitized
frequently touched services such as ratings, door handles and elevator buttons, actively
short-lived outbreak began.
And no doubt, tourlet seats too, I would think.
You know, because a lot of people were like, from heart ends of their body out of every one of this.
I guess previously exposed to neurovirus, likely brought it on board to
November 26th according to the cruise line.
Neurovirus is characterized by stomach flu-like symptoms.
It's about 23 million Americans annually, according to the US Centers for Disease Control,
and operates dark more than 700 passengers and crew members aboard a transit-landed cruise
last month on the Carnival Cruise Line Liberty, which we call very vividly like it was only
yesterday.
The freedom of the seas, which was Christian did make, can carry more than 4,000 people
aboard its 15 passenger decks and, boy, if it's loaded with 4,000 people, you can't imagine
the amount of puke and other stuff that's just swimming over that place.
Standing upright on its bow would be taller than the Eiffel Tower.
Well, let's just stand there and baby upright on its bow.
Would you say, stand it right up in the ocean and dump all them people out.
Or just, that is everything that you've been all that for,
that's the excrement and stuff that's probably on the right now from all those six people.
Puking and the shmitting of the brains out.
They probably jettison that stuff right off the shore there.
Now, they just got to be hose, you know, they take a long shoe,
just wash it off, you know, right into the ocean.
Yeah, they get to the ocean.
Right into the ocean.
So they can pollute all of that water out there.
Can you imagine this swill and, of course, then you people are eating all that seafood,
you know, all that fish.
They had some this morning.
All that catfish.
I'm going to say it again, catfish are bottom feeders.
And that means we all know exactly what they eat, but that's okay.
It's like they're eating liver.
I hate to say to my younger days, I really like liver and onions with maybe a little bacon on it.
Yeah, I had it many times.
Me too.
But I don't eat that no more because the liver is like the depository of the body
for all the toxins and the crap.
And it's all in there, you know, like preco spaghetti sauce, it's in there.
So when you're eating liver, you're eating that animal's nasty, toxic mung.
But that's okay.
We're going to die someday anyway, so if you like it, enjoy it.
It's like that ice cream the other day.
Of course, that's days ago when you'll be pleased to know I've lost five pounds.
And we owe very good.
Isn't that good?
Yeah, it is.
Well, for the holidays, you know, I want to be slim and trim and look like a Brady Quinn.
From the ankles down.
I tell you one thing, man, I got good feet from the knees to my toes, man.
I'm really a beautiful sight.
Other than that, you forget about it.
865 votes on there and Phil Henry's got, are you sure?
39, man, he is kicking some big smelly ass.
So I'll tell you, nice going Phil.
WQA and hello.
Yes, can I touch the meal, please?
Can you what?
Can I touch the meal?
Whenever we have a voice like this, can you talk to Neil?
Can you practice your accent?
Yeah.
How long have you been working on this phony accent?
Hello.
Let me say it again.
How are you doing?
Good.
Yeah.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Are you fine?
Are you okay?
No, I just pretend to act.
Yeah?
Neil?
Neil.
5670560.
I'll tell you that.
We need good feet.
The audience is right, man.
We went in doubt.
Ask the audience.
They'll tell you.
They'll bring you back to reality.
Yes, those great clothes on here, man.
These people are the best by test with a big oozing breast.
The best of the game.
The best talent.
This is Neil Rodriguez.
Neil Thomas Utius.
There's a whole lot.
Neil Owen.
T-A-Y.
S-U-C-A-S.
The critics agree.
This collection of holiday songs may very well be the most moving and memorable of all time.
I'm doing a lot of work.
Quizmounds.
Just walk the years I used to know.
Yes, Candlewax Music presents Elmer Fodz Christmas classics.
And this 24-record set is truly incredible.
Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way.
Oh, what fun is to ride in a one-horse open sway.
Oh, what fun you'll have hearing these timeless classics performed by America's most beloved
hunter of rabbits.
The way no swayed in had a very shiny nose.
And if you ever saw it, you would even say it well.
Elmer Fodz Christmas classics, not available in stores.
And when you receive your set in the mail, you'll know why.
Hello, everybody.
I shall hope you like my Christmas classics.
So call toll-free, 1-800-but.
Oppo-waiters are standing by.
Santa Claus is coming to town.
I can't wait to get my hands on a Christmas album from the guy that does that auto show on Saturday.
The punch is pulled guy, you know?
What song is he going to be singing?
Who'd off the wedding nose wainer?
881 votes on the pole, man.
We are kicking ass and Phil Henry is tied with a hit that's pulled with 41 votes, 4.6%.
Nice score, Phil, baby.
OK.
I'm not going to give the numbers out anymore because there aren't going to be any calls today.
So like, you know, if we get them, I'll take them and if not, say a lot of e.
You know, that's my comment.
Just amazing.
By Friday, they had run out of him.
His show was last week.
Last Monday, Caving Into a Public Pressure like that one e-mailer said, Caving Into Public
Man, I decided to start taking calls again because let's face it with pretty pond-rissing monotonous.
And the very hard work too.
We're searching all this crap and printing all these stupid stories that nobody hears about anyway.
And so we put the calls on last Monday and Monday and Tuesday they were, you know, they were a voluminous amount.
Not good, but at least there were a lot of them.
And then by Friday it was kind of like the gas.
The gas ran out.
Are we out of gas?
Yes, we're out of gas.
Yeah.
Shamedful milestone reached for minimum wage.
In fact, you know what I'm thinking that George W. Bush will go down as one of the great presidents of all time.
Are you sure?
No.
Another unfortunate milestone.
I think you've got feelings of hostility toward your old bald-headed friend Phil.
I just don't believe it.
When we need don't believe it, everybody's been to us those reports about it turned into a rabid right-winger.
No, I know. I'm going to pretend that was all a story.
Yeah, let's just forget about that chapter of his life.
Okay, everybody makes mistakes.
Another unfortunate milestone in the reign of George W. Bush and the recently deposed Republican Congress was reached on Saturday.
When the federal minimum wage set a new record for the longest period without a rate since it was established in 1938.
Woo!
As of December the 2th, the $5.15 per hour wage rate has remained unchanged for nine years and three months.
Let me say it again.
Yeah.
Years and three months.
Not surprisingly, the prior record also occurred under Republican administrations when the minimum wage rate remains stagnant from early 1981 to the April of 1990 under Ronald Reagan and George Herbert Walker Bush.
See, they end up giving all the benefits and the tax cuts to their wealthy friends.
They don't give a crap about schleppers like most of you. They don't care about you.
For nearly a decade, the prices of everyday necessities like gas, food, prescription drugs, toilet paper, a skyrocketed while the paychecks of minimum wage workers have increased a cent said 10 Kennedy over the weekend.
You go Ted.
Year after year, the Republican Congress has blocked all attempts to raise the minimum wage while voting a pay raise for themselves almost every year.
An American working 40 hours a week at the current minimum wage makes only $10,712 a year, which is less than $900 a month to cover housing, healthcare, food, and all of the living expenses.
And given that most workers being paid minimum wage don't receive any health benefits, that salary would barely cover the cost of buying medical insurance alone, much less any other necessities like toilet paper and stuff like that.
According to the economic policy institute, the current minimum wage is also deteriorated and re-evaluated at the point that buying power for that compensation is at its lowest level since 1955.
That's over 50 freaking years ago, I do like that.
Thank you so much, Mr. Redis, President of all time for really taking care of the schleppers out there, taking care of the masses, who are asses because they at least allegedly put you in their first place.
God, how sad.
891 on the poll will make 1000 easy today, I don't know what you were so damn worried about.
You know me, you are so freaking insecure and worry-wort.
56670560, pound 560, anybody else wants to ask any questions about my wardrobe or important things like that or about most hair piece.
And pound 560 in the Verizon Singular Wireless Line, WQM Short Call Line. Hello.
Hi!
Now, short call.
Leader of the New Democratic Congress, business travelers and the privacy advocates expressed outrage.
Remember that story I read about the terror ratings for travelers?
Yeah.
How the government's rating you as to how much of a threat you are, etc.
Express that rage Friday over the unannounced assignment of terrorism risk assessments for American international travelers by a computerized managed from an on mark to story of building in North Virginia, program.
Incoming Senate Judiciary Chairman Senator Patrick Leahy, a Vermont,
plus greatest scrutiny of such government database mining projects, while reading that during the past four years,
millions of Americans have been evacuated without their knowledge to assess the risks that they are terrorist or criminals.
Databases like this are overdue for oversight, Leahy, who will take over in January, of course.
That's going to change in the new Congress.
The Associated Press Report of Thursday that Americans and foreigners crossing border since 2002 have been assessed by the Homeland Security Department's computerized automated targeting system or ATS.
The travelers aren't allowed to see or directly challenge these risk assessments.
The government tends to keep these unfilth for 40 freaking years.
Some are all of that and the system are shared with state local and foreign governments for use and hiring, contracting and licensing decision.
Of course, even some private contractors can obtain some of the information under certain circumstances. How do you like that?
It is simply incredible that the Bush administration is willing to share the sensitive information with foreign governments and even private employers while refusing to allow US citizens to see or challenge their own terrorist scores.
What's your terrorist score, baby?
I don't know, baby.
What's your terrorist score, Joey?
He's a terrifying.
This highlights the danger of governments using technology to conduct widespread surveillance of our daily lives without proper safeguards for privacy, he'll be saying, you go, Pat, Patrick or Dick Cheney would say, go F yourself.
Did Cheney got all that out of shape?
Yeah. He gets that out of shape a lot.
He's an ordinary disagreeable guy. 894 under pull. Spectacular. W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Here's line 9 again. Q-A-M, hello.
It helps lift you on close 94.
I can understand where he's up.
Is that Lindsay on Love 94?
Oh yeah, Gloves Lindsay's on Love 94. Not...
You're fairy.
Wow. I think these calls are all coming from inside the building except for the one.
Except for...
Except for that.
That would be also...
Like when a stranger calls.
Oh yeah, that one could be coming from inside the building.
He's from the house.
You know, that keeps popping up on my cable last couple of weeks.
The revised and much unnecessary one of stranger calls.
I won't be long. Nothing to see.
I want you to either.
Yeah, the original one was sensational with the Charles Fack Charles Durning.
You know, probably around chasing that crazy guy through the pantry.
So you're going to girlcott the new one.
Girlcott as opposed to boycott.
Oh boycott, yeah. I'm girlcott.
I thought you said it was a girlcott.
I cannot understand what they're you babbling about.
Girlcott my ass.
With a belly button?
Yeah.
Look at those phones, man.
They are smoking.
I doubt that anybody's got anything to say.
It's the holidays.
What do you expect, man?
Important people are doing important stuff.
They don't have time to call you and, you know, have verbal intercourse.
Maybe they can say it's a good song.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Oh, okay.
Yeah. Good afternoon.
Yes, sir. Good evening.
The phone about the body wash.
I know some of it has the little granules in it.
Granules?
Yeah, for a exfoliation.
Yeah.
With respect to the little guy when disciplining.
Did you find the impact?
Yeah, it has great impact.
Yeah, keep scrubbing it.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
When people talk to me lately, I hear them talking to me in tongues.
Yeah, I wouldn't say, wouldn't surprise me.
That's what I'm hearing on the show all the time now.
I'll remember that article I had on, was it Friday about the guy, what he eats, remember that?
And about how great tongue is, and especially if it's like, it's just right off.
Oh, it is.
I thought of that.
I mean, there's nothing like a little tongue, but that's not what I had in mind.
Well, that's not a little.
Here we go.
It's a thousand times, yeah.
Oh, my God.
Who wants to have a cow stick, it's tongue down your throat.
F-F. That's why immediate reaction is F-F.
Oh, he wrote anyway.
901 votes on the poll.
I'd be like, you know, having some kind of a thing with Rosie O'Donnell.
Oh.
Having a cow stick with tongue.
Oh, God.
Sorry.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
I can't.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Don't hang up on me.
I'm sure you agree with me.
Yeah, okay, good.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
That's always been the best way to start a call.
Any talk show?
Don't hang up on me.
It's scary.
Q-A-M, hello.
Neil.
I put a spatula of my rectum this weekend.
Okay, good.
I hope it all comes out for you.
Probably a statue of David.
No doubt.
Well, he wants to convert, you know.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Everybody doesn't make you a rug.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay.
Quick question.
What is the name of that thing that I've been playing for the past week?
Bobby Brown.
Bobby Brown.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome.
Here they are, people on Bobby Brown.
This beyond the queue is boy and sound.
My car is fast.
My teeth is shinin'.
I tell the girl they can kiss my hiding rectum.
Welcome here, I am.
I'm having a famous soup.
I'm present sharp and I'm acting cool.
I got a cheerleader here once they help with my face.
Well, let her do all the work and maybe later, I'll meet her all the time.
I am the American preacher.
I do not think.
Okay, well that's about as far as we're going with that.
That's about as far as clerics do all the rest of that.
But I know there's some point.
I'll leave you with it.
You did?
Sure.
Get out of here.
You tell me I could play that whole thing.
You're a crazy person.
Remember, listen to it.
I have a crazy person, but nevertheless.
You believed it.
Yeah, we've had plenty of less.
Less than outstanding bleeps because they're all in it.
The first is I love that.
They're all perfect.
Yeah, just like you.
They're all perfect.
That's right.
903 votes on the pool.
Man, we are kicking some big ugly Scandinavian ass today.
What are Scandinavian asses like?
Harry or like all smooth.
You know, are you kidding?
I'm talking about women.
Smooth.
How the hell do you know?
What do you know about Scandinavian?
When's the last time you went to Stockholm where I held stinky?
No, the Scandinavian world travel America sometime.
You like how it's a really neat place.
Beautiful people.
Not like Germany, though.
Not like Berlin.
I'm going to tell you again, the most beautiful people in the world are in Berlin.
Your tongue, talk about tongue, will be dragging on the sidewalk.
It'll leave you just limp on my way.
I'm telling you, weak ethnicese, you just want to crumble and tumble and fall to the earth.
The biggest name, the best talent.
This is Neil Rogers.
I'm a really great leader.
I need to go to the moon.
A.L.
This is pretty quick.
Whenever I shape my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
A.L.
A.L.
A.L.
A.L.
A.L.
A.L.
A.L.
A.L.
A.L.
My amie has the dolphins and here we go again.
There's another losing season that's never gone.
Absolutely.
They never win, they never will.
And I will never know why sports are illustrated to them.
No one is super bold.
They're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many jeans in the week?
32.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
The same old story, nothing new.
The dolphins are such losers.
They really are quite lame.
I knew it from the fairy star.
I watched a Pittsburgh game, huh?
And did you see the wimpy weight?
It's saving through that flag you fell.
Standing on the sidelines.
He looked just like a fag in there.
The Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many jeans in the week?
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
They're problems stick to them like glue.
The dolphins lost a football role and then he can't see.
It's only by sheer luck that they pulled out of victory.
And then they played the Texans.
It almost made me sick.
That stupid two-point pass play.
That bumbling on site stick in there.
The Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many jeans in the week?
How many so?
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
A whole window.
Maureen needs no shoes.
A dolphin stand and troll the ball.
They're running.
Game is flat.
As for their execution.
Well, I'd agree with that.
They're always gone.
A flow of lead of that you can be sure.
And when they leave the field so has the stench of common.
They're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many jeans in the week?
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Give them another shot of food or more.
Yeah!
You'll stop!
A dolphin's have no strategy.
They play like idiots.
Another couple games must end up angry at St. Jets.
I think they're all retarded.
It's almost like their curse.
Estrogen, Taylor, and Zectomis.
Which team is the worst in the whole day?
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
What the hell, 32?
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Now they're through.
They stink.
Let me put it that way.
They really suck.
They're pathetic.
They're an embarrassment.
And they got blown out of you.
My pretty marginal inconsistent team.
Two is a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a small deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
They're a big deal.
Like a big deal.
They're a big deal.
Thank you.
Yeah, I have a tour of programs done.
It depends on which machine you pick and when you sit down at it.
They're computerized, they run on cycles.
If it happens to be in the pay cycle, you sit down, lucky, wonderful grid,
they'll spit out a bunch of money.
If you sit down, what it's in a cold cycle, it can be cold for days on end.
You could pump thousands on there and you can lose your ass.
So, I don't know how to get about that period.
If you gamble, you're going to lose period.
I mean, there's just no way to win.
Absolutely, the corrector.
But I do hold my head that far away tonight on the Monday night football.
Well, good luck to you.
Thanks.
You'll need it.
But when I came last night, who now won a game?
That was a bad game.
Seattle and Denver.
That was really pathetic.
Who won that game, Josh?
I believe Seattle.
They were winning in the fourth.
Get out of here.
They were losing the whole game.
13-7, and I went to bed.
Well, then they took the lead.
I'll look it up right now.
They pulled it out, boy.
They were pathetic, man.
They were pathetic.
Even Alexander couldn't run for it to save it.
And that kid, what's his name?
That's a quarterback now for Denver that replaced K-Cutler.
K-Cutler replaced what's his name?
Mike, what's his name?
Jake Plummer.
Jake Plummer.
Jake the snake.
Yeah, this is a K-Cutler kid.
He was not ready for prime time.
He pulled a Tom Brady there, all the only in one respect.
Just one bad play.
See, Tom doesn't want it in a career.
This guy's going to be doing it every week.
Trost it up in the guy under seven and ran in for a touchdown.
Lime, you know?
Through the ball, right to him.
He threw him a lollypuff.
Yeah, Seattle won.
23-20.
Nice go on, Seahawks.
So I decided to set Big Fat in my home run again, man.
He just unsumped about him.
You know, this one thing about coaches, most coaches don't look like they have anything
to do with sports.
You know, they've got a Big Fat gut.
You know what I'm talking about?
He eats their girl too.
They're prime.
If you have.
I don't think that he ever had a, although Bill Bellachuk, he's a really fancy guy.
He dresses almost as snappy as I do.
Not quite.
For the Wardrobe guy again.
Well, we're going to something about your Wardrobe.
Yeah, I'm having a really tough life.
Let me tell you right now, things are really tough.
I have it a rough time making ends meet too.
941 votes on the poll and Phil Henry is climbing the ladder, man.
Does it matter that he's climbing the ladder?
Probably not.
Okay.
But he is.
And that's because we're thinking of the old Phil Henry back when we liked him.
Remember those days?
Sure.
It was very funny when his act wasn't still anymore when he wasn't turning into a way
right looking, uh, fascist looking, uh, goofball.
Nothing worse than just selling out.
Went in doubt sell out.
Of course, it all depends on what the price is.
The biggest name of self-best talent to the basis wheel Rogers.
For the flagship station.
There's no trees all right behind the car.
Go down the lava houses are darker.
We are wishing we were Christian on the phone.
There's nothing but a children.
For eight nights we light light when you're sent to be committed.
And like all we get to slide is on another day to venture Christmas in that
soul.
Our holiday is really such a for a life.
The man.
All we get to fly is on another day.
Don't venture Christmas in that soul.
Our holiday is really such a for a life.
The man.
It's so hot for us to go shopping.
We don't know when.
I'm there.
It's happening.
What is the date?
I'll be too late.
You can almost hear them go.
Now come on.
What are we supposed to do?
You think it seems you can get to when we only pay wholesale?
All we get to slide is on another day.
Don't venture Christmas in that soul.
Our holiday is really such a for a life.
The man.
All we get to slide is on another day.
Don't venture Christmas in that soul.
Our holiday is really such a for a life.
The man.
Who was it that was talking about Gary Surn at the last week?
Remember a couple of weeks ago and said the ultimate Jewish dilemma?
Pork on sale.
Remember that?
You said that's older than the foods, the man.
Yes, it is.
I never heard that.
Well, maybe they're not told those Jewish jokes that you're face like they used to.
Oh, I see maybe behind my back.
Well, I know some people talk behind my back.
That's what you said.
B.S.O. deputies will conduct a traffic enforcement.
But then again, some of those people are going to someday have a lot of my money and you're not.
But anyway.
That's right.
And that's what they get for talking behind my back.
Oh.
B.S.O. deputies will conduct.
See, now is that a dilemma like that Jewish dilemma?
That could be a dilemma, you know?
Like if you like somebody a lot, but then they leave you money in their will.
And then they're hoping that they live a long, healthy life and you like them a lot.
Or if they would croak tomorrow.
If they would croak tomorrow.
And get the money.
That's true.
B.S.O. deputies will conduct a traffic enforcement operation tomorrow.
Speaking of when some people are going to croak.
Seven o'clock tomorrow night till 10 p.m. in the 300 block of Dixie Highway, Danyabeej.
Vehicles will be inspected for defective safety equipment and motorists will be asked to show their papers, baby,
or driver's license registration, proof of insurance, your shoe size, all of these things.
All of these things.
How do you like that?
So if you're in Danyabeej tomorrow night between 7 p.m. and 10 p.m., you better have your papers ready and everything in order.
Okay?
And put the weed away.
Hide it somewhere good.
Like in your pantaloonies it would be good.
Like, right inside your rectum, like a little baggy would be good.
9.55 on the pool.
Oh, we got 1,000 licked easy by 1 o'clock.
And then it will be George from 1 to 2.
Wouldn't that be good?
Yeah, whatever.
I don't think there's a problem with that.
George is doing 1 to 2 every day sounds good to me and then all day Friday.
And then maybe like on alternate Wednesday, stuff like that.
Well, we sure had a good scan going on.
We used to do that 1 to 2 thing on Wednesdays.
You know, these people are so scared crap-less, man.
They never came in and said or called or like, well, that really sucks.
You know, we're paying you a lot of money and not to play just the comedy bits for an hour of your Wednesday.
That was garbage.
I enjoyed it though.
Sure.
Way to slack off.
Yeah.
I don't know what that was all about.
It was just this.
See, one thing about this company that lets you get away with whatever you want.
If you want to make a deal with it and say, I'm going to work 40 days a year.
Oh, OK.
Whatever you say.
Here's the $10,000.
You know, size just sign on the deadline.
And whatever you do, don't go anywhere else.
Don't go with the other guys.
Remember when the ticket went on the year and they were like all peeing in their pants and, oh, they're courting a hang and mad dog in this one.
And all other crap.
And then who was the other one that they were like, oh, it was Kimba Bo camper.
Remember that deal?
Sure.
And Joel Feinberg sends an order of a Greg Reed.
Oh, by the way, we're not interested in Bo camper anymore.
So don't overpay him.
Ha, ha, ha, like that.
Meanwhile, everyone's like, I stuck with the dolphins.
And if you think they were losing their ass before, wait till the dolphins are continuing to slide that they went back into a game yesterday.
You know, the dolphins remind me of a drowning man.
Somebody threw him overboard and they were like drowning real bad.
And then they came up for oxygen for a little while.
And they managed to get to, you know, to tread water again.
And they came up and read a little bit of air for a while.
And now they're like, oh, I'm dying drowning again.
And once you go down for the second time, sometimes you don't come back up again.
That's what Kanti Willett said.
962, I'm sorry to say that in the middle of lunchtime.
I apologize.
962 on a pool and Phil Henry man.
Oh, he, I don't think he's going to go any higher.
He's got 60, but the skipper just got 90.
You think Phil Henry's going to go like in the top and the upper echelon there, you will never know.
I don't think he can cut it.
Are you sure?
We'll see.
Time will tell Phil.
Time will tell.
Just be patient.
What do you just love to have Margaret on the air again and all those other deals before it?
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60 pound five, 60 in the horizon and singular wireless line.
WQA and hello.
No, 60.
I can't stop the meal please.
90.
What's that really you?
Break up in a bag or turn that down.
I'm sorry.
I knew you were a communist.
I knew you were a communist.
WQA and hello.
I just crashed myself.
WQA and hello.
Okay, good.
Well, they're all out there today.
Let's move right along.
Let's delve back into my pile.
It took about a week and we're back to them.
This is what they want to hear, man.
This is what the audience wants.
And we're going to give it to you, baby, whether we're going to tie a bow on it and stick it right in your radio and you can smell it every day.
Oh, man, can you smell that?
Wow.
Over and over again.
Smells like rotten rotten.
There was a guy sitting next to me on Saturday playing the machine next to me.
Actually, he did pretty well as a matter of fact, idiot.
And this guy smelled like he had been sleeping.
His wife was playing a couple machines away and he smelled like he was sleeping in his clothes for a month.
You know what I mean?
You know that smell of like rotten clothing that's unwashed.
Oh, moldy.
Yeah, moldy.
Wow.
But anyway, protesters demand new election for district 13 congressional seat.
In sorry, soda.
The arguments about ballot design, machine error, statistical probabilities, and like Dotsway, Bernie Lou Genthio is that Gentile.
One of more than 500 people packing bayfront park on Sunday calling for a revot in the 13th congressional district race.
You go Bernie Lou.
You good old Gentile.
The 77 year old Nicomus resident has a simple reason for believing that 18,000 people didn't all intentionally skip the congressional race to remember 7.
When you get more votes for the hospital board, you know something's wrong.
Gentile Gentile said, remember Joe Gentile?
Who?
I don't know.
She was referring to election results showing that fewer people voted in the congressional race between Republican Vern View Cannon and Democrat Christine Jennings and the race for a county hospital board seat.
Ludicrous had best.
Gentile and her husband Don didn't fit the profile of the hundreds of outsiders that the Buchanan campaign said in the press release center.
They would be bust in by liberal special interest groups.
Several groups, though, did bring members to the rally including people for the American way, common cause and voter action, which is file student talent has to for a revot a freaking revot.
Let's do it.
When did doubt what the old voting machines have again?
Grass roots groups from Penelope County and Miami, which are lobbying for an end-to-touch screen voting in their locals, also brought members.
But there are also many local Democrats attending the rally.
We want hope.
Give us the revot, Thunder the Reverend Charles McKenzie, Florida coordinator for the Rainbow Pooch coalition.
He's pushing it.
The crowded Vaphram Park joined in.
Give us the revot as McKenzie chanted the phrase.
Give us the revot.
You dull.
We cannot stand by idly while 18,000 citizens of victims of massive disenfranchisement, he said.
I wonder what he meant by that.
Rally Gore supported buttons calling, paper not vapor, and wave signs waiting, honk for a revot, or is that hockey revot?
Revot or revive our trust and touch my screen no one will ever know.
Touch this no one will ever know.
Unless they're looking.
The rally was advertised in 300,000 emails to common cause members who can respawn and get photos and comments from the demonstration.
Shelley Pingri present the National Group to the audience.
What you do today makes a huge difference, Pingri, said, we're here to stand behind you to call for a revot.
Jennings is filed suit asking for a revotor to have the election overturned for the court to declare her the winner.
In a court filing Massachusetts Institute Technology Professor Charles Stewart said the odds were 5 million to one.
Against such a large undervotor occurring by chance, 5 million to one against.
The Buchanan campaign no argues that there's no evidence that electronic voting machines malfunctioned.
Ride.
While a contestic congressional race provided the spark for the rally, Jennings and Buchanan were infrequently mentioned by speakers who focused on what they called the unreliability voting systems that don't provide a voter vote.
This is the first time I've ever heard of a paper ballot.
See what this important fact is here from Jonathan in plantation.
I saw you're all this is good.
Thank God for that.
I saw many of your movie recommendations over the weekend while we fight.
Great movie my friend.
Thanks.
You're welcome, Jonathan.
It has opened my eyes even further on what's going on with the military industrial complex and really makes me feel for the troops to pour bench.
Let's bring him home now.
It says.
Absolutely.
Thank you, Jonathan and have a great life.
971 on the pool.
I told you to be for this hour ends we'll go over the thousand mark and then they'll be talking at the water cooler baby.
What believe what they're going to be saying?
What they're going to be saying is the water cooler today and all we've gone.
I give up.
The dolphins.
Oh, well, we know that.
Better than that us baby.
These losers across the street.
They got that dolphin franchise on the air.
Boy, of course we got the Panthers.
Not always they're no interested in but they stink too.
All of they didn't finally score a goal.
They lost again.
Three to one but they scored a goal.
First time first goal in four games man.
That's pretty weak.
Even Josh gave up on the Panthers.
We love the Panthers.
They are the band.
Talk about the in South Florida the franchise is all get screwed in tattooed.
As a matter of fact, I think it's going to be a for this season.
I mean you're defending champion NBA champion heat.
Are they going to make the playoffs you think Josh?
Yes.
No.
Yeah, what why would you say yes?
It's a long season buddy.
You're a dream man.
If you're dreaming on the screen.
Their division is they suck.
And the dolphins of course already are conceding at five and seven.
They're not going to make the playoffs even if they ran the table.
They like to say nine and seven ain't going to cut it no way.
And they're not going to run the table anyway.
They probably lose all the last four games.
And who else the Marlins did make it?
They gave it a little bit of a shot there.
Any interest in your Florida Marlins?
No.
And the Panthers of course they never make the playoffs.
The Panthers have made the playoffs exactly three times in history of the franchise.
And if it wouldn't have been for that one magical miraculous fluke year and it was a fluke.
If it wouldn't have been for that when they went to Santa Cup finals on a year ago.
That franchise would be long gone because it would never have built no Macarena.
And it would be long gone.
Wayne would have moved him to like a Ypsilania or something.
You notice how Wayne would have come to sports unlike his business team.
And if it would have come to his business team with sports everything Wayne touches.
He's got the minus touch and reverse.
It turns to that's right.
Although he's smart enough to unload it like he did with the Marlins and he unloaded the Panthers to Alan Cohen and his brother Marty.
979 votes on the pool and let's see how Phil is doing.
You think Phil can get to that top wrong there?
Not that I really care.
It's just 64.
He can skip or check Scott 92.
Come on let's vote for a skipper Chuck for the old cook.
Just for Georgia's sake.
Okay he's got five memories of skipper Chuck and his teeth in that glass at Tropical Acres.
Biggest name.
You don't have talent.
Look at this.
This is Neil Roger.
Rod Neil.
From 35 to 51 you know the interesting part about this whole well I'm not interested in his pathetic.
But it's like shining a spotlight on the difference between rational people and hateful people.
Every year we go every single year.
Well you know how come we can say Merry Christmas but not happy all the other way around.
What the hell difference does it make you know.
But it's just a classic example of the religion always breeds hate.
How about if we always raise the price of this and hate and you don't believe in my fairytales.
And therefore I'm going to get all that out of shape.
And why can't I say Merry Christmas or happy quanza or happy tinnuka or all those other chazarai.
Okay.
Jesus.
God Almighty.
And anyway.
From 36 I mean I don't really care what you call because I'm just like I said from now until after New Year's I just kind of like slide right on through it.
Yeah.
I'm not interested in being involved.
I don't want to participate in any of the nonsense.
Speaking of nonsense let's get some more of these good calls on here man.
We've really turned the quarter on the calls today.
Oh yeah.
We turned the quarter and went away a big elephant pile.
Now that we're over the hump.
I can smell it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
WDQYM, hello.
What about Mike Greniery?
Yeah.
We forgot him in the poll.
And my birthday.
He died a couple of years ago for crying out loud.
Oh he was my friend.
How about you, Brad?
Yeah, the Ann the Bird.
Yeah, I don't know.
And Big Roll, Sinanville, called her right and people had died like 40 years ago.
What about Franklin Roosevelt, huh?
What about HV Countenborn?
What about Mark Honey?
Exactly.
Oh man are they good today?
And South Florida finally they're waving the white towel baby, the white flag of surrender.
They're just giving up.
We ain't got no material.
Too bad.
What else is new?
I'm starting to enjoy it my old age.
It's so much less work for me.
I'm getting too old to sit here and bap bap bap bap bap.
Four hours every thinking day to hell with that crap.
No way Jose.
Bap bap bap bap bap bap, all the way I could.
You know what I could do?
Maybe one day I'll just say that the whole day.
Wait that's not.
Loot bit baby.
You're going to loop that, put it on the loop.
Bap bap bap bap for like four hours.
I will get loopy from it.
I better be on the front page of the Washington Post.
Who's going to be Q.A. Ann?
Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
I love your show particularly when you and George picked on these fanatic overligionists.
I was riding home yesterday from work and I hit the break to stop from hitting the guy in front of me.
I look in my rearview mirror and I see the girl coming up behind me and she's not looking out the windshield.
She finally realizes that I'm stopped.
She swam on her brakes.
And she just barely stopped.
Of course she hit the back of my car.
Yeah.
She'd come around to pass me on the right side and you should have heard the language coming out of this chick's mouth.
Yeah.
And she progresses ahead of me.
There's a bump in the car.
There's bumpers with the face and the keep abortion is murder and all.
Right.
It's a fanatic overligion.
Tony hateful, sour, right.
Damn right.
Damn it.
Let me hear it.
God bless you, Paley.
I'll pray for you.
Let's say I've rockered for this guy.
Okay.
Bahru khatad.
No.
What's the name of Kuala Hase?
Right.
Kakan Avanyam.
990.
Don't start hocking stuff about gay cocking and hocking.
Okay.
You don't know what you're talking about.
You know what I'm saying?
Don't vote on the poll.
That's right.
Like me starting to talk Italian words.
I don't know what the LA means.
I do know a few of them know that I can't sit in there.
And I listen to that Bobby Brown thing.
If you listen to it in Q, you'll see why I'm not playing out in the year.
It's the worst bleep in the history of career of bleeping, man.
It's the worst bleep in bleep.
I have ever heard of my life on the digital editor.
Well, do it again.
Because I like that.
It's a great song.
All right.
Right.
It's not a big, it's not a big song.
But the problem is it's got a real bad effin' it with a really bad bleep.
It's got a bad effin' bleep.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M-O-L-N-O-L-M-O
Call 47 at 5.60 WQM we got Mr. Mad Dog at 2.
Then the power hour between 4.5.
That is quite an hour.
They have to between the two of them.
They have to get Hank and the Mad Dog in the same studio with a crane with a shoehorn.
4.5.
And then it's the Humper Solo 5.
There's 7 out of bunch of stuff that nobody's interested in.
And he can't 10 o'clock tonight.
See when we don't have a Panther game monitor or some kind of other sporting event or
a U.M. bit well like I said.
When we don't have a Panther game, anyone we do have a Panther game.
We have stuff on it that nobody cares about.
5.670560, 0.560 in the Verizon Singular Rhyme this time.
It's called Fillers Man to Fillin.
Do you know what I mean by to fillin?
Sure, that's the thing.
Just to fillin down time.
Just fillin, it's like a Saturday.
I think it fills making a pretty impressive move.
I can't believe it.
He is zooming up the letter.
73 is only 22 behind Old Skipper Chuck.
That must be because all of them.
And I hate this pulls up to 5.1%.
You see that?
That holiday time of the year.
Man, South Florida is a place where even the happiest people in the world can be miserable
like almost like just like the snap of a finger.
Become suicidal in only a matter of moments.
5.670560, come on.
Let's get these phones smoking, baby.
Let's have a gigantic lightning round for about an hour and a quarter.
What do you say?
Not do it.
Not.
5.670560 and pound 560 in the residence singular wireless line.
W.D.C.Y.M.
Hello.
Near God.
Yes, sir.
I got one for you, Paul.
Yeah.
Fidel.
Fidel is a broadcaster, a journalist.
Well, he's still alive.
Which broadcasting figure were you most started to see go in 2006, either die or retire
whatever, and he's got Fidel broadcasting figure?
Just like that.
Wow.
Sir, I have only one word to say to you.
I'm going to put him up to that.
Wouldn't surprise me at all.
Yeah, Miguel and Fidel and I'll go to hell.
Not you, Miguel.
You're all right.
By the way, thanks, Miguel.
I got some good stuff here.
I don't know why I just I just I just don't oh and here's one for George.
He like this is right up your alley.
Good.
The widow of a soldier killed in Afghanistan saw a wick and symbol placed on a memorial
plaque for her husband Saturday.
After fighting the federal government from other year over the end of the year, George
is big on these wickens.
I'm over on.
I'm big on anything that pisses off the Christians.
Good.
Okay, well, they do.
Robert Roberta Stewart, widow, sergeant Patrick Stewart and Wicken Leader said it was the
first government issued a memorial plaque with a Wicken Pinnacle of 500 star and foes
in the circle.
Exit.
Oh, more than 50 friends.
And here's another example of all this good religious hate.
More than 50 friends and family dedicated the plaque at Northern Nevada Veterans Cemetery
about 30 miles east of Reno.
About 30 miles east of Reno.
They praise Governor Kenny Gwynne for his role in getting the Nevada Office of Veterans
Services to issue the plaque in September.
The agency cited its jurisdiction over maintenance of the state cemetery.
The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs recognizes more than 30 symbols.
About 30, man.
Including more than a dozen variations of the Christian cross and the atomic world used
by atheists, but not the Pinnacle.
The atomic world?
I don't know if I know that.
I'm not to look that up.
Well, no, you know what that is.
I mean, it symbols like an atom with the little sushes around it.
That the atomic world?
I thought it was the lithium atom, but I'm going to look it up anyway.
Now, look it up anyway.
Look up the atomic world used by atheists.
So, boy, if the officials have said they'd be writing rules for approving emblems, but the
process requires a public comment period.
Last month, Americans united for separation of church and state sued the behalf of
student-others.
First, the refusal to include the Wicked Emblem.
Our people are on the front line of the war in the wrecking of Afghanistan, and it's
not right to not getting equal treatment so the urban civilian fox wanted to weaken
organizers of the event.
One of the witches, one of those people who needs to be burned at the stake, or just go
out and have a good stake.
Hmm.
I still like my view, little man.
I love that baby cow.
About 1800 active duty service members identified themselves as Wicked Emblem, to 2005 Defense
Department statistics, Wicked's worshiped the Earth, and believed they must give to the
community some consider themselves white or good witches, pagans or neopagans.
As opposed to the government, which of course are neofascists.
Stuart and father soldiers died September 25th of last year when their junior helicopter
was shot down in Afghanistan.
For, of course, when you beat the Taliban a long time ago, the job was done, but then
again they came back for your enshroud, and Afghanistan is a mess.
Not a mess.
But nice job.
I think George Bush will go down according to Phil Henry is one of the great prisons of
all time.
Okay.
Yeah.
The greatest.
I keep repeating that just so your lunch comes back up and your breakfast is on him.
That's repeating on me.
Yeah, that's the fill that we used to know in law.
Well, it's just one of those things, you know.
You never know somebody until you really get real close, you know, when you look in their
eyes and see if there's that look of like the seat and the exception and BS, you know
what I'm saying?
Are you sure?
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, or if they quite get home and make up a story about how somebody
didn't show up for meeting when the station was sold.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Make up a lie about it.
But now I don't want to rehash all that.
It's water over the bridge.
I don't want to sit here and knock anybody.
It's the holiday town of the year.
Let's be positive like about these really great calls we've had today.
This starts off, you know, I guess right now, I mean, really it was last week.
It was right after Thanksgiving.
But for me anyway, it's December, Somershanen.
Everybody's out there shopping like crazy people like I've said.
Like maybe I'll be a good person for a couple days this year and give some gift and crap
like that, you know, as opposed to the usual hateful bastard I am in South Florida.
Maybe we're just unlucky, you know, like no green.
We're unlucky.
Maybe.
WQIM, hello.
Am I on it?
I'm on it.
QIM.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm here with my aunt.
My aunt is a satellite guy?
Yes.
Wow, you're still alive, huh?
That's a little like a.
Wow.
Well, happy Ramadan.
Ramadan is done.
It's over.
Exactly.
What's up with you, my aunt?
You're still making illegal.
I mean, you're doing satellite stuff?
Yes, I am.
I'm a satellite guy.
Yes.
I'm a satellite guy.
I'm a head from a long time.
What do you mean you haven't heard from me?
Because I haven't called me for a long time.
I haven't heard from you.
I haven't heard from you.
I haven't heard from you.
I haven't heard from you.
I haven't heard from you.
I haven't heard from you.
I haven't heard from you.
I haven't heard from you.
I haven't heard from you.
I haven't heard from you.
I haven't heard from you.
I haven't heard from you.
I haven't heard from you.
I haven't heard from you.
I haven't heard from you.
I haven't heard from you.
That's the good news.
My buddy, my ham and the satellite guy is still alive.
He was having some bad heart stuff.
He had some health issues.
Glad he's all better.
I beg your pardon?
Glad he's all better.
He's all better.
Good hearing from you, man.
He's cold started out a little bit weak, but then again,
compared to the other ones today, it was like a real weiner.
For anybody to be saying the call, his cold start out a little weak.
Most of the other ones started a week and went downhill from there.
Speed away.
The beginning of the bottom and kept digging down like the China.
1,038 votes on the pool.
I am really impressed because I know you people are very, very busy.
Like in that stupid, rompopil infomercial.
And it comes wall-sing out from behind the curtain there.
Oh, thank you for being with us today, Ron.
I know you're very, very busy.
In the meantime, it's his infomercial.
Like he's doing somebody a favor by showing up so we can make another 50 million this week.
You know, a bunch of crap.
You're very, very busy.
All the fakery, it's like when I used to do those kindled Toyota shows.
You know, and stand behind that stupid curtain, you know.
And then, oh, here's Neil Rogers from W.
Do you know what, whichever one it is this way?
I come wall-sing out there and there would be fat, don, cock sitting on the,
by the way, when did he die?
It wasn't this year.
It was last year, wouldn't it?
A lot of time ago.
Maybe longer, yeah, I don't know.
Well, it's really something that a guy like flies.
The radio people are dying like crazy.
See, Ricky Tiki, Shaw, he's retiring next month.
Take good care of yourself, Rick.
Don't go croaking before the retirement day.
That would be bad.
Wouldn't it be often you're going to return him like today?
And you read stories like this all the time.
So he was planning a retirement.
And look at the baby, before they retire.
I end up getting hit by a car.
They have a heart attack.
They croak because God works in mysterious ways.
It was their time and all these others,
trite cliches, you know.
As if there's something good to make about croaking.
You know, well, with some people, it would be good.
So I've never seen this symbol in my life.
Yeah.
Well, there's that American atheist.
There's one I've never seen that either.
Well, but it looks a little bit like what I was talking about.
Right.
It's similar, but nevertheless, and it's kind of,
there's the meaning of it.
The atomic, what does this thing call?
The atomic world.
Oh, the atomic world.
Woo.
I can say some people I'd like to give a world
but it's got nothing to do with this.
But anyway, well, thank you so much for where we
got that from.
I think it's certainly with an exhaustive search.
And I had to go like page of the old.
The old report was an A to represent atheism.
Canadian atheism A.
The small letter in the center represents the first letter
of the country which in affiliate group is located.
In our case, the A signifies American.
And the symbol of represents American atheists.
But even if it was Canadian, it would be an A.
Because how's it going A?
And they really do say that.
I know you're shocked in the middle of the thing.
I bore witness in it.
All the hosers say that.
First Canadian I ever spoke to said, A.
How's it going A?
How about game A?
From 157, boy, nice today is sunshine and A.
Oh, it's just God for hell.
It went up and broke a tika slap and all the women
would paint their lips around the pool.
I listened to the Neal Rogers one to two.
I mean, I listened to the Neal Rogers
airing balance one to two hours.
Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo.
This year, ring in the holiday season
with a voice that reigns as clear as a jingle bell.
It's a macy gray Christmas.
I'm a man.
Oh, me, I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
Grammy award winning vocalist, Macy Gray, sings in a style
that's beyond compare and a language that's beyond comprehension.
On a macy gray Christmas, Macy sings all her
you will type favorites like,
I get in the head,
brought in the helmet,
and this in desirable classic.
You didn't even say it could loud.
Macy gray Christmas.
Macy gray Christmas is available at your local can.
It's a 102-560 WQ.
And here's a suggestion to some of you
far-bisoned and religion stuff, especially you go in.
And that is that if you really want to offend some people,
put up all these of the manger scenes
and all this other really super religious stuff
and all the cha-chews on the front,
and that'll really piss off all the, you know,
all those people who don't share your fairy tale beliefs.
That's one of the great things about this time of the year.
Just like that business about,
oh, can't we say Merry Christmas for crying out loud?
What's wrong with that?
Well, who cares what you say?
What's wrong with happy holidays?
You know, it's very inoffensive.
What's wrong with that?
Not that I care, you know.
You say whatever you want, like up yours, I don't care.
I just went off my fan-ass,
but it's just, what's wrong with happy holidays?
Nothing.
It covers Christmas and Hanukkah and Kwanza
and Atheist and Jews and Goi-im
and Muslims and everybody else, you know.
Black, white, Indian, Queen, Moka, dark chocolate.
I mean, it's being taken with say, chocolate.
Holiday season with a variety of holidays, and it's a why not?
Is it a holiday?
Paula.
Right.
Now let's have some stale,
hola for like these phone calls, man.
They're stale than four-year-old, Monsobri.
They're a dollar than a 75-year-old Gillette blue blade.
To feel sharp and look sharp, it's Gillette.
This way the World Series used to be sponsored by Gillette.
Probably as still is.
I don't know.
I don't want the World Series
because I don't care about baseball.
How sad, you know, how the mighty has fallen.
The baseball people.
Really nobody cares.
Anybody can want to build that stadium for tomorrow?
See, that's the thing about South Florida,
just like that article I keep screaming about,
five Bob, whatever his name is in the new times.
What's his name again?
Rob Norman.
Just like that.
Typical crappy attitude.
Oh, those evil slums.
And not just because I like to play the sloths,
which I realize is a sucker game, but it's fun.
You know, and I like it.
It's a hobby.
Yeah.
And nobody drags me in there.
Nobody forces me to go if I'm not in the mood.
I don't want to go.
And it's my money.
And if I want to take it in the backyard and burn it,
that's my business, okay?
I'm waiting for them to get those slut machines there.
The slut machines, yeah.
They put it in a quarter and now comes a slut.
They have those in Amsterdam.
They have the slut machines, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, stick in a few of them and nickel, see what compops out.
Who's surprising on the wrong booth?
How were you expecting?
Oh, no.
Oh, yes.
It's a Christmas package.
158 bullets.
We got an outside shot here.
I think we're getting 1100 a day.
That would be far beyond my wildest expectations.
You know what?
1100?
Let's see.
Oh, this is a long facts.
Wow.
Looks to be the transcript of some interview or something about that.
Oh, yes.
We'll just talk about it off the internet.
Strategy at the Slots.
Since as we all know, Broward County began converting race traction to Casinos earlier this month.
But if you think gambling is all I think again.
In tonight's more bang for your buck, we found there's actually a winning strategy to the Slots
reported by Tom Haines on a thing called strategy at the Slots.
I got the best strategy.
You know what it is?
What?
Don't go.
It's a WSVN thing, though.
Well, that's O Tom Haines, a WSVN channel 7.
You can't get any news there just about to silly people.
And I'm sure a lot of you people could relate.
It says, move over ponies.
There's a new way to gamble a gall stream.
This month, the park became the first of four venues to bring biggest slots to South Florida.
But before you go, there may be a way to beat the house.
Steve Murray says they know that the Casino hasn't been.
And they hope that they're going to get lucky and win.
Steve Murray is author of the American Casino Guide Mon.
He admits the one-armed bandits are basically a bad luck, but you can increase your odds by choosing the right game mon.
Oh, here's some...
Don't tell me this is going to be actually something useful, I doubt it.
Steve Murray says there are different denominations of machines that start as low as the nickel or goes higher as 100 bucks.
Wow, very informative Steve.
According to Steve, higher denomination machines usually pay out better and more often.
He also suggests playing the maximum amount of coins where there's a progressive or accumulating jackpot.
Sounds like a crackpot, is it we don't already know that?
Steve Murray says with a progressive machine, it usually has a jackpot that continuously builds.
And if you don't bet the maximum amount, you won't be eligible for the jackpot.
As if.
As for finding a hot slot, Steve has a ru, I know a lot of you guys are open for a hot slot.
Try a machine three times.
If you don't win anything, move on to the next.
You could be sitting at a slot going through a bad cycle and set for low payback.
Oh my god, try a machine three times and if you don't get anything, move on to the next.
Not three times.
Steve Murray says in the long run, remember the casinos got the mathematical advantage.
Also remember, this is the biggest bunch of crap.
If you try to find information about slots online, this is exactly, this is the epitome.
The epitome what you find online, just a lot of glittering generality crap.
It says also remember location, location, location.
Some experts believe loose slots are a place where players congregate like in front of the bar or the entrance or anywhere other people can be attest to keep playing.
Steve Murray says there is actually a strategy.
Just make sure that strategy includes receiving and by the way they don't place loose machines in front of the bar or near the door anymore.
They did that as it years ago.
They don't do that anymore.
I haven't for years.
He says there's actually a strategy.
Just make sure the strategy includes receiving your earning and coins.
Not credit.
Well guess what?
They don't pay out coins anymore.
How do you like that?
This way, it's not as tempting to keep gambling when you surpass your budget.
Plus remember to join the free slot club.
This way, even if you lose it.
This is the worst, you know something I wouldn't wipe my ass with this piece of paper that you just fashioned.
Okay but I'm going to give it a shot.
Oh look at that.
I'm going to reach out this morning.
Look at that.
I mean is there anything informative there?
No.
Informational that we don't know.
It's like a slot machine primer for little children who aren't allowed in their first place.
You idiot Steve Murray.
Was that informative or what?
Why would somebody send me such caca?
They send stuff all the time.
Oh yeah but why would you send that to me?
You said it was something useful.
I thought it was a slot expert like me, a guy who knows the hot machine man.
You think that I any something like that?
I thought it would kill two minutes while you read it.
I did.
Thank you very much.
That's what we're here for.
Not for a good time.
Just to kill somebody at the market.
We're not here for a good time.
Just to kill somebody.
Oh god.
Four hours a day.
Thirty years of sweating over a hot microphone.
And now this.
Like that lady says.
And now I've been listening to the whatever nippin suds lady.
Been listening for thirty years and now now this.
It just seems guys nippin suds and whatever the heck it is.
And the people that call in, they're just like them like that they were on the water court.
The weed and their high.
And I mean it's terrible.
The years that I've been looked at listening to six pen.
And now this.
And I see it.
And I'll excuse me this year.
I didn't have a ride this year.
Good thing I played it.
That's it.
It's run a lady with the Rick and suds and all the crazy colors they have.
Thank God our colors don't fit into that category.
It's not like they're on this the weed.
You know the what you call the weed.
What do you call it?
I don't know.
The weed.
Oh my goodness.
It just it just tears your kissies out.
You know it's just amazing to me.
That thing that you just sent me.
I wouldn't wish that a hundred camera, hiver or opa all three put together.
Just just beyond belief.
Beyond freaking relief.
And like I said, that's the kind of.
There is no information.
There's nothing to tell you.
It's the right machine at the right time.
It's blind luck.
And they end my only one piece of advice that would be side to day away would be.
Don't sit and keep feeding a cold machine man thinking that oh now it's got to pay off.
Guess what?
It doesn't.
You could sit there for two weeks and if it's in the wrong cycle you're going to lose your ass.
Yeah.
And you could sit down if you got lucky and you're in the right machine.
And right for that one day I left the machine I put in about 200 bucks and I got nothing.
And I moved on to another machine on a Saturday morning.
And that's somewhat an ebriated old coupe comes along with his bucket of coins back when we had the coins in the day.
And he'd wrap three coins in the same machine I just left and get three thousand online.
Three coins, one hit on the button baby, three grand.
So all the strategy it took for this drunk to come staggering along with his bucket of coins and stick three grand in three
or coins in the machine and he gets three thousand dollars for that will keep him in booze man for at least a week.
Wouldn't that be great?
Probably.
These are the kind of guys, these are the kind of goyum that win into slot machines.
Okay, not as hardworking guys who like try to make like a science out of it.
Like try to make a science out of a jigsaw puzzle.
It's just cock eyes.
Just have a good time.
Okay, take a few bucks that you can afford to lose 50 bucks, 50 thousand whatever you can afford to lose.
Go over there and have a good time.
Maybe you'll get lucky maybe not and they'll kill some time.
Like this show that's all.
We're not here for a good time.
We're here to kill some time.
I like that model.
WDQIA and hello.
QIA.
It's your G.
It's your G.
It must have stood you in the Bat Room huh?
WDQIA and hello.
QIA and hello.
Okay, so there's a good traffic right there this three for you.
For people that are like sampling.
You see these guys nicked spots and whatever the heck it is.
Right.
Once was it out funny.
The biggest name.
The best talent in this is re-roachers.
We had a quiet, ever-new show.
But I like in the past.
You have to get off your bat ass for that.
Now please whistle or a constant.
Who's your host?
Who's your host?
And give us our silver right back.
Now that we got rid of the Neocon Ground Shirt Joe.
The Democrats better sit down and get you work.
And that one's gonna be on bat.
Oh bat, and I'm gonna be oh bat.
Administration's gonna skew gay.
We love it this low.
And they might have stayed in a round the world.
Shoot, shoot, buck, shoot, shoot, buck.
They gave us all the royals.
We'll win, we'll win, we'll win.
We'll win, we'll win, we'll win.
A kid with money is living with that.
Now get up below the ranks of our shay's dreams.
You got to be beach to make the job complete.
Yes.
The best we're gonna be.
Oh bat.
Oh bat, you're next, we're off that we're beach.
Oh bat, you're next, we're off that we're beach.
18 at 560 WQ, I'm happy Monday to 4th of December.
And we had some great calls today.
If you missed them, boy are you lucky.
Speaking of getting in your licks,
a standpoint start to be a rare find.
With hundreds of thousands of dollars is definitely a fake.
An expert said that after reviewing the postage used to mail an absentee ballot.
And last month's election, they thought it was a rare stamp worth a zillion dollars.
You ever collect stamps?
No, we covered this.
That takes, how about you Josh?
No, Josh would definitely not have collected stamps.
Yes, sorry.
Well, what are you laughing about? Why is that so funny to you?
Because it is.
I don't only girly guys collect stamps, is that what you're saying?
Maybe if you were to collect a stamps when you were young,
you'd have a collection of about 50 grand.
I wasn't thinking girly.
I collected cards and comics.
Yeah.
So got a few baseball cards?
Yeah.
Stuff like that.
That's okay.
So did I, my mother threw them all out, bitch.
I mean, I could have called anything I won,
but she's dead, she doesn't care.
And of course, when she was alive, she didn't care.
So you never collected stamps.
I did, I was a full-outletist.
Now what were you going to say instead of girls?
What were you going to say?
I collect the dust.
No.
An incorrect number of boarder per per per per per per rating,
that is thickness pretty method and exact colors gave it away.
And it is a forged inverted journey.
You ever have an inverted journey?
Not lately.
The Mercer Bristo of the American Philadelphia Philatelist
Society.
The real 20, whatever that is.
The real 24 cents stamps were printed in 1918
with a WWI era biplane erroneously flipped upside down.
The color to me was off.
It looked more blueish green than the blue of the genuine
Bristo said.
The examinist stamped almost an hour at Brown County's
election office comparing with an authentic one and other forgeries.
Experts with the Pennsylvania-based society previously examined a digital photograph
of the stamp said it looked like a forgery they have in their library,
but they couldn't be certain until they saw it in person until they put their hand on it.
The copied stamp was first noticed by a County Commissioner and former stamp
collector reviewing absentee balance after the November 7 election.
And it goes on and on.
It's a fake.
It's not this.
Somebody thought they had a lot of money and down the toilet.
Well that's the way it goes.
It's like that poor guy that thought he wanted a jackpot.
Then they finally paid him off.
It's a damn good thing.
But I remember that.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, surprise you didn't win anything.
Uh, I'll...
Yeah.
Guess what?
And they paid him.
Good thinking.
Which broadcasting figure other than Fidel Castro?
Which broadcasting figure were you most sorry to see go in 2006?
1,090 votes.
1100 is a no-brainer day.
You got it like the stamp.
Look it.
Well that's one thing, man.
When you're a stamp collector, you have a lot of practice licking it.
Right.
Ed Bradley, who died just a month or two ago,
three of them, 31 votes.
Remember that day when Ed Bradley died and they acted like the Pope had just croaked
for something.
In fact, when they'd been much better than Pope put a croaked in that,
I'd had Bradley, you bet.
Hey, Warren Erick.
Hey, Warren Erick.
Warren Erick and his last year,
but he didn't have those little pointed red shoes though.
I'll tell you that.
There was a little...
Right.
Whatever the slippers.
Like Cinderella.
Ed Bradley, 331.
Howard Stern left to rest your radio and he's in second place with 120 now.
He wasn't doing much now.
All of a sudden, as soon as I mentioned that, the Stern people,
oh, they got all...
They got the grape line going.
The grapevine and the grape line.
They called it a baby grape line.
Howard Stern 120.
Moe Howard, David, it is up to 3rd and 114.
You really believe that?
No.
Bob Weaver died 112.
Skipper Chuck Zink did.
97.
Phil Henry retired from a radio 92.
He's on Skipper Chuck's ass.
Oh my God, Quasimodo even would be embarrassed.
I hate this poll.
60 up to 5.5% of keeps going up and up and up as the hate increases.
Way too...
Whatever, you know, like that.
Bob Lasseter died about a month ago, 55.
Wasn't it about a month?
I think so.
Mike Wallace retired 52.
Bob Schiefer replaced, although he could die, you never know the difference.
32.
Christopher Glendead, 11.
Greg Reed resigned at 8.
Yeah, resigned my ass.
And Star Jones Reynolds was fired from the view.
Only 6.
Nobody cares about her.
Because that's not our audience.
Audience don't care about the view or Star Jones or any other fat bitch.
Now, speaking of that QM Christmas party,
Yeah.
So you guys are both going in it?
I am.
Yes, I am.
Yeah, it's free.
It's free.
I mean, probably some free booze.
Probably.
Probably.
I think I'm going for it.
Definitely a lot.
I know what you said.
When you said, yeah, I mean, there's no question.
There's free booze.
You're all going in there.
He's going not to smooth, but to booze.
That's what he's going through.
Right.
And it's free.
Somebody's paying and picking up the tab.
So he'll be there to suck up all the free booze he can.
Okay.
Right.
One more power to you.
I'll tell you the mutual support.
And at least you guys are reassuring everybody.
Give everybody my best wishes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I've been practicing my finger all day.
One year I went to a station Christmas party.
I talked to it with my Bob Green and Boa was at a bad mistake.
At the KK K-Ran trip.
They're in Davy.
I still, I still want to tell that story.
Wow.
It was fun for everyone at that point.
Oh, brother.
That was one of the most hostile environments.
And of course, I had nothing to do with the hostility.
I was just a witness for what.
That was fun.
I mean, Bob Green's ex-wife and the Cheryl and this one and that one.
And of course, the pool was like mush.
You know, mud in the dog in the tobacco.
And it was like an accident.
And it was cold as crap.
And it was like an all the porcelain water.
Across the buffet.
Yeah.
They're out there in Davy in the circle of K-Ran.
And any rate, brutal.
Paul Krugman says, two more years.
I'm going to read a couple of columns every now and then.
I don't want to get him too lengthy because we've got so many good calls.
There's a whole bunch right now.
I'd rather read some important stuff, you know.
Hank is actually the only host who shows up at the Christmas party.
Ever you, Martin?
The only host of a show on the station that shows up at the Christmas party.
Well, we got this hoarding crew will probably show up.
Oh, you can't be involved either.
You can be there with bells on their nose and rings on their toes,
including the one that had rattles to her in his earring.
And his earring.
Hank shows up there.
I want you to keep your eyes on him and don't let him start picking out.
It's free food and booze.
I'm serious.
I just, I can't get over how, how mammoth he was.
Mammoth.
Like a monster when I saw him last time on a breeder's cup on my TV.
He was flipping out over the edges of this screen.
Okay.
I got a 46 inch TV.
And he was like slipping out onto the walls.
You know what I mean?
When you project something, when you have a projection screen,
like, and over slips over the edges, yeah.
What an embarrassment.
Yeah.
So don't let him make sure he's on the scabkins or something when he's there.
I wash my hands of it, you know I have.
I know.
There's nothing you can do.
Nothing.
Let him enjoy himself.
That's right.
Life is short, enjoy it.
Life is short, enjoy it, folks.
Paul Krugman says that a reception following the midterm election.
President Bush approached Senator like James Webb.
How's your boy asked Mr. Bush?
I'd like to get them out of her rack Mr. President replied Mr. Webb
who's son of Marine Lance Corporal.
Is it an Bush approached Senator like James Webb?
How's your boy asked Mr. Bush?
I'd like to get them out of her rack Mr. President replied Mr. Webb
who's son of Marine Lance Corporal.
Is risking his life and Mr. Bush's work choice.
That's not what I asked to the President's snap.
How's your boy?
That's between me and my boy Mr. President said Webb.
Good for him Paul Krugman says we need people to wash in who are willing to stand up to the bully and chief.
Unfortunately in some of them mysteriously they're still short in supply.
You can understand if not condone the way the political and media establishment let itself be brow-beaten by Mr. Bush.
It is post-9-11 political prime.
What's amazing is the extent to which insiders still cringe before lame duck with a 60% dissimilar rating.
Look at what seems to have happened to the Iraq Study Group whose mission statement says that it would provide an independent assessment.
If press reports are correct the group did nothing of the sort, instead it watered out its conclusions and recommendations
trying to come up with something Mr. Bush wouldn't reject out of hand.
In particular says news week the report will said no time tables are called for any true productions.
All that will do is suggest the president could not should begin it withdraw forces in the vaguely divine future.
And all this self-debacement is for naught.
Senior Bush Aids Newsweek tell us are dismissive even condescending for James Baker the Bush family considerate
with the dominant force in the study group and the report.
Of course they are that's how bullies always treat their hangers on.
Even now it seems the wise men in Washington can't bring themselves to face up to two glaringly obvious truths.
The first is that the Americans are fighting and dying in Iraq for no reason.
It's true that terrible things will happen when US forces withdraw.
Mr. Bush was attacking a straw man when he mocked those who think we can make a graceful exit from Iraq.
Everyone I know realizes that the civil war would get even worse after we're gone.
And there would be probably a bloody bout of ethnic cleansing that effectively partitions the country in a hostile segments.
But nobody, not even Donald Rumsfeld, it turns out, thinks we're making progress in Iraq.
So the same terrible things that would happen if we withdrew soon will still happen if we delay that withdrawal for two or three or more years.
The only difference is that it will sacrifice many more American lives along the way.
The second truth is that the world will go on all the same unless something or someone forces Mr. Bush to change course.
During his recent trip to Vietnam, Bush was asked whether there were any lessons from that conflict in Iraq.
His response will succeed unless we quit.
It was a bizarre answer given both the history of the war in Vietnam and the facts on the ground in Iraq.
But it makes perfect sense what we know about Mr. Bush's character.
He's never been willing to own up to mistakes, however trivial.
If he would accept the failure of his adventure in Iraq, he'd be admitting at least implicitly to having made the mother of all mistakes.
So Bush will keep sending other men to Chirvanov to fight his war and he'll always insist that Iraq would have been a great victory if only his successes had shared his steely determination.
Does this mean that we're doomed to at least two more years of bloody futility? Not necessarily.
Last month the public delivered a huge veto of no confidence in Bush in his war. He's still a commander in chief but the new majority in Congress can put a lot of pressure on him to at least begin a withdrawal.
I'm worried, however, that Democrats may have counted on the Iraq study group to provide them with political cover.
Now that the study group has apparently wimped out, will the Democrats do the same?
Well, here's a question for those who might be tempted yet again to shy away from a confrontation with Bush over Iraq.
How do you ask a man to be the last to die for a bully's ego?
Nice call and fall. Talk about the New York Times. There he is. Always that tells it like it is.
Always reading those columns again. You bet your sweet ass I am.
During that period of time it took me to read that. I could have taken about six more of those reading nifty calls but we still have our right to kill.
Twenty after one.
What would you trucklin' about? We're here to kill some time. We're not here for a good thought.
We're here to kill some time, baby. And it makes them serious big fat bucks in my case.
Only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami.
Just hear those 8PMs ringing in giving me money Yahoo!
Come on, it's lovely whether to go back up together with you.
Charge it up, charge it up, charge it up, yo ho! Let's jump in the hole.
Do the tune of twenty first set or so.
Charge it up, charge it up to twenty grand. Now check out my plan.
I'm writing a book and it looks like chapter 13 of J.
I love doing hit the lottery but I'm an unlucky old school.
So I guess it's lovely whether to go back up together with you.
You, you, and you.
Yeah, it's at twenty six still two at five sixty at over the QM.
During an appearance on C-Span's book TV to promote his new book about Israel.
Former president Jimmy Carter was bashed by Colin Vures a racist bigot an anti-Semite.
Wow, sounds like George.
Wow.
A rower from Illinois thank Carter for making hurry Republican due to his incompetence in handling the Iranians.
And by co-zing up with every dictator thug in Islamic terrorists there is.
Jimmy Carter, he's making the rounds he's peddling his book.
But more importantly I find it to be vile because of your blackest heart
because you're an anti-Semite to Colin continued.
And let me explain why I think you're a bigot an racist an anti-Semite.
Aside from the name calling the C-Span hosted that these are the strong questions coming from people
who have heard Carter talk about his controversial book Palestine Peace Not A Part Tie.
He's a little bit too honest for somebody farbish another.
I'm actually both blue screens probably turning out him too like a cornered rat.
Like a kosher rat.
Carter's dismissed criticism by some Democrats in his book that it comes down too harshly on America's key ally in the Middle East.
Well, too bad.
Carter said that he rejected the notion that it was an anti-Semite with enthusiasm.
And his book Carter argues that peace will come to Israel in the Middle East only
when the Israeli government is willing to comply with international law
with the road map for peace with official American policy
with the wishes of majority of its own citizens and honor of its own previous commitments
by accepting its legal borders.
Wow, what a concept.
Hmm.
The Obey International Law.
Israel, that's not an original argument.
I'm taking crap for saying that for years.
Well, poor anti-Semite to me Carter, you know.
I remember very well.
Well, I'm not from Began and the onwards to that.
Both dead, by the way.
Hey, onward.
I'm sorry.
They were having a peace meeting.
See, this business is about peace in the Middle East.
It's like kosher pork.
You know, it's just ain't going to happen.
It's not going to happen.
These people have been killing each other for like five, six thousand years.
They're not going to stop.
They aren't going to stop.
Just like the business interact as soon as the Shiites and the Kurds and the way in all this other nonsense.
And the rest of us, in all these people, had to die because of their stupidity and because of their hate.
Hate.
That's one of the reasons it's out there, such a toilet as it is because of a hate.
In fact, people look at that thing.
I hate this poll always as well on there.
It's always like five, six percent.
Sometime more.
I hate this poll.
Whatever you ask us.
Whatever you say.
Whatever you do.
I made it.
And that's the world for it.
And all this horsemen who are about, well, you know, a peace-honoured and goodwill to remain.
And all these stupid.
I guess by putting the main your thing out in front of your house or by putting some of Christmas tree up,
that's going to make you a better person or like everybody that much better.
Yeah.
Now what it is, that's guaranteed.
Which is a good lead in this really interesting article which I find most of the disturbing and stupid.
But nevertheless, it's in the Sun Central so it must be stupid and disturbing.
Our most white Americans racist.
Why doesn't it just say our most people racist?
Because the answer clearly is.
Yeah, it's a weird term.
It's a weird term.
It's a weird term.
It's a weird term.
It's a weird term.
And that's from Robbie who says, I saw cocaine cowboys.
It's not a movie.
It's a documentary which I usually hate but this was very good.
Had an 80s Mime feeling to it plus clips of a young Al Sunshine.
How long has that kid got been down here?
How many years?
About 30, man.
Also I don't care what I, oh Al Sunshine with his hand-hawks waving his arms.
Shame on you.
Well, shame on you, well, go lose him weight.
Also I don't care what you call it.
Christmas holidays, Hanukkah.
I end up broke either way and forced it by things for people I don't even like.
Good point Robbie.
You've had to buy a gift for somebody you can't even stand because it's obligatory
adiotti, you know, like that.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
Like that.
Anyway, it says when comedian Michael Richards unleashed a verbal man at two African
American hecklers in a comedy club recently, he unwittingly sparked a national
discussion.
Well, good for you Mike.
Schmuck.
Was Richards known to many Americans as sign-fills quirky cosmocramer a racist?
Did he explode in the fit of stage rager?
Was he telling the truth when he apologized and said he couldn't believe what had come out
of his own mouth?
Right.
Do we believe anybody believe that?
No.
In a country that is shied away from examining racism, Richards, Rant, and Mel Gibson's
drunken, anti-Semitic tirade have led many to wonder, could there be an interracist in
all of us?
Oh, brother.
What kind of a child wrote this?
I mean the idea that people could be prejudiced?
For white Americans, the answer might be yes.
At least that's the theory of Joe Fagan, a Texas Aiden sociology professor who has spent
decades studying race and racism.
Nearly all white Americans have what Fagan calls the white racial frame an extensive set
of stereotypes, images, and emotions that white people have used since the 1600s to justify
holding black people with slaves and later treating black citizens unequally like garbage,
like crap, like some human swill.
And even in the era of political correctness, Fagan says while white Americans can't escape
the socialization.
It's drilled into our heads from the time we're one year olds.
By friends, relatives often buy the media by school teachers said Fagan.
Typically, the white racial frame he says is the image of the dangerous black man.
And don't start with that Chris Rock stuff.
A black corporate executive can be walking down the street in dusk and white people will
lock their carters almost without thinking about it, said Fagan.
Fagan says Americans have learned it's unacceptable to make racist comments in public in what
he calls a front-stage arena.
He had backstage and small groups or friends or family members.
White people regularly use racist language until racist jokes as if people of color don't
do that.
As if who he was going to do that is if American Indians don't do that.
As if all birds of a feather.
That white racist frame didn't die the way public opinion posters have existed Fagan
says it went backstage.
What happens he says that's the suspect this is something like Richard's case frequently
whites let the backstage crash into the front stage.
That's what he says might be caused by booze when a person feels relaxed and loose even
in a mixed crowd.
But not everyone buys that argument in Richard's case as one social psychologist rage could
a feel they racist spiel even from someone who doesn't normally act or feel racist.
All the analization all the time a big breath.
And it goes on and I mean so I'm not going to read the whole thing.
Thank God.
Thank God you know.
Damn God.
Ponderous.
Just like the OJ trial did you use the N word and come on give me a break already this
is a cop that works in LA have you used the N word.
Makes you want to watch crash again doesn't it right.
Good movie yes there's a movie we can all agree on although didn't we have a call to
from people saying oh that really yeah.
Yeah.
What it is for these people yeah you're right.
Excellent movie with great acting.
Who else was in that beside your boy who mumbled your own.
I don't care what you say man he's not a bad actor and he's pretty good.
Very good actor I like him a lot especially in that movie I do him right here on the
counter top right right in the middle of the show Matt Dylan in that don't want to do
him don't you know the pencil was in it yeah.
Lucryce and what's your name was in it what's her name that played his wife.
Sandra Bullock oh Sandra Bullock yeah she had a very short part in the cameo was this
fine we did we yeah I like Sandra Bullock a lot but sometimes she reminds me of.
A little a little yeah not not not a lot but a little bit like it.
No that's why the movie was so damn good everybody had the appropriate amount of time
to move in was it was fine.
19 still two at five sixty WQ how's Hank Guerrero doing by the way can I does the word A
hole come to mind.
A what?
Hole.
A whole new deal that's what we need with our sales department we need a new deal we need
an H bomb back there called King John Eill and see if him and Eric Baldwin can come
in and take care of business back there.
Well please don't tell me that's the rejoin oh yes if there's a butt I smell it and now
a telephone conversation between Paul McCartney and Heather Mills.
Hello this is Andrew McCartney resident.
Who came on the phone.
It's uh telelegic and told to uh telelaw in me bubble bath.
He's in the bubble bath.
He's not in the bubble bath.
I just heard him put the schmuck on the phone.
She knows you're not in the bubble bath.
Got a sub calling me.
Hello Paul it's Heather Mills McCartney.
For the love of all that's good and green stop using Heather Mills McCartney we're getting
a divorce.
I'm still your wife.
You're not me white Linda's me white.
You're just a bad bit of lasagna before bed.
You're going to regret saying that I am going to drag you through the mud.
My friends told me you were a lion scheme and black man a little bitch.
There's nothing beloved about you.
Way to everyone find out who the real Paul McCartney is.
Your own father said you were a gold digger.
My father is a schmuck just like you except you're the one who'll be writing a check for
$600 million to Heather Mills McCartney.
For the love of all the leaves and the tree stop using the last name.
It's still my name and I'm going to be filthy stinking ridd.
For your walk I shouldn't be having any contact with you.
I just want to tell you that I'm going to start telling the truth about you.
You're a crazy.
I'm a crazy.
How about the time when I was pregnant and you stabbed me in the arm with a broken wine glass
during a fight?
You lunatic.
That was a fight between Carlos and Gabi on desperate housewives on the telly.
How about the time I asked you to bring me 12 lemons and you only brought me two.
Baby needed 12 to make a centipede.
You crazy banshee.
It was from the movie The Breakup with Vince Vaughn and Jennifer Aniston.
You've lost it.
You've lost it.
How about the time we return from vacation and you screamed at me constantly?
You take up in the case, Ania.
Up in the case, do you love better?
Why do they hear that story?
Why do they hear that story?
They'll know immediately.
You're talking about the TV show Deal and No Deal with Awe Mandel.
You've got the telly confused with reality.
How about the time you and undercover police officer in the Boston Mafia?
How about that one?
How are you going to deny that, Palmer Cardney?
I'm a beetle.
You're talking about Leonardo DiCaprio in the motion picture of the departed.
How about the time you made me play kickball with my bad leg?
But I love kickball.
I love kickball.
Kickball's like my favorite sport.
And you knew that about me before you married me.
Just wait till Heather Mesmer Cardney gets you into court.
We all live in a yellow submarine.
A yellow submarine.
149, loving before 2 a few AM.
Boy, this thing is flown by today.
It must be those really nifty calls we have.
Here's a fact from Frank F.
who says,
my deceased father owned the Texaco against station on a Hollywood Boulevard in
441 for 25 years.
My dad did auto repairs as well.
In his office, he had a board of bad checks, all of which were written by Larry King.
The checks amounted to $2,200 and much to my father's disbelief,
Larry would still have the nerve to ask my father to fix his car.
The last time Larry came to the station, my father told him that if he didn't
make the check good, he was going to jam them up his ass.
Says Frank F.
Happy holidays to you too, Frank.
And I know that probably after your father told that to Larry, Larry said,
don't be trusted.
Because nothing would stop him.
Nothing would deter him.
In no shame.
I'm trying to think, I guess he must have picked up the check that he had lunch with me
at the last day in town before he looked for mutual.
Yeah.
And lied to me about how I had his job at night at IOD and he talked to whatever
they got Bill Vines all about it.
It's all said you're going to have the job.
It was all BS.
Tens of millions of Americans want President Bush to be impeached for his lies in the
CDU's to launch it in the legal war and provide lighting his oath of office to uphold the
US Constitution.
Now, do you like that?
Millions of other Americans want Bush turned over to the war crimes truck, you know,
it had a two faith that awaits Bush's psychiatric incarceration.
This written by Paul Craig Roberts on the uh, uh, whatever it is.
What is it?
Prisonplanet.com.
Okay.
The Luzon still rules Bush three weeks after the American people reputed him and his
hand-restraffing war and elections had delivered both the housing centers of the Democratic
Party and hopes that will control control over Congress will give the opposition party
the strength to oppose the mad occupant of the White House.
On November 28th, Bush insisted that US troops would not be withdrawn from Iraq until
he complete his mission of building a stable Iraqi democracy capable of spreading democratic
change in the Middle East.
Bush made this astonishing statement that they have for NBC News a major television
network declared Iraq to be in the middle of the Civil War, a judgment which, uh,
former Secretary of State Colin Powell concurred.
It's a little choppy here on the edges, but that's okay.
I'll do the best.
It's a little choppy.
The waters are choppy.
Sure.
The same day that Bush reaffirmed his commitment to building a stable Iraq
democracy, a secret US Marine Corps intelligence report was leaked.
According to Washington Post, the report concludes the social and political situation
deteriorated the way level that US and Iraqi troops are no longer capable of militarily
defeating the insurgency in an Al-Anbar province.
Bush is astonishing determination to deny Iraq reality was made the same day that the US
installed Iraqi Prime Minister Al Maliki and US Public King Abdullah II
of Jordan abruptly canceled the meeting with Bush after Bush was already on route to Jordan
on Air Force One.
Bush couldn't meet with Maliki in Iraq because violence at Baghdad is so out of control.
For security reasons, the US Secret Service wouldn't allow Bush to go to where he is
building a stable democracy.
Not safe enough for him to be there.
Bush made his astonishing statement in the face of News Lakes of the Iraq Study Group calling
for media withdrawal of all US combat forces from Iraq.
The Iraq Study Group is, uh, Bush family, uh, headed by Bush Family Afford of James Baker,
former White House Chief of Staff, former Secretary of the Treasury and former Secretary of State.
Bush was tasked by father to save the son.
Apparently, son Bush hasn't enough sanity to allow himself to be saved.
Bush is denial of Iraqi reality was made even as one of the most influential Iraqi leaders
in Baghdad Al-Saudr's building an anti-US Parliamentary Alliance to a demand withdrawal of US troops
from Iraq. Maliki himself appears on the verge of desertion by his American sponsors.
The House has reportedly lost confidence in Maliki's ability to control violence.
A number of other politicians are talking heads joining the scapegoating of Maliki.
One explained how he can be expected.
How can be expected to save Iraq when US troops can't provide enough security for the Iraqi
government to go outside the heavily fortified green zone that occupies just a small area of Baghdad?
The only people in Iraq who are safe belong to Al-Qaeda and the Sunni insurgency and she had
militial leaders such as Al-Saudr. Bush has destroyed the entire social, political,
and economic fabric of Iraq.
Sada and Hussein sat on Luda Pandora's Box of Sada and Luda Pandora's Box of Saktarine
and antagonism. Bush has no one I only the lid. I'm trying to read the chopped off edges here
and do a very poor job. What? Huh? Yeah. Hundreds of thousands of Iraqis have
had been killed as collateral damage in Bush's word to bring stable democracy to Iraq.
Tens of thousands of Iraqi children have been orphaned in Maine. Hundreds of thousands of
Iraqis have fled their own country. The Middle East is aflame with hatred of America and the
ground is shaking under the feet of American puppet governments in the Middle East. U.S.
casualties and wounded number 25,000 dead and wounded. And Bush hasn't had enough. What better
proof of Bush's insanity could there be right Paul Craig Roberts? That's going Paul.
Actually I'm reading by the way. Not too bad. Your mama will take it. Hey it's the holidays man
I get an exemption for the holidays don't I? Sure one or not. 1142 on the ploy. 1142 boats,
not too bad.
1242 boats, not too bad.
1242 boats, not too bad.
1242 boats, not too bad.
1242 boats, not too bad.
1242 boats, not too bad.
1242 boats, I don't.
1242 boats, not too bad.
1244 boats, not too bad.
Tom witdy.
Wow, holy grail gone.
