Alright, the hammer is off the hot springs Arkansas to do a little horse racing for ESPN.
Tomorrow we'll have a surprise mystery guest host to it in for that.
Because we don't know who's going to be on.
It's a surprise to everyone in the building.
I think we're just going to be doing it.
We'll have traffic on the nyan's.
We have the marlins today, so you have a short chance.
We'll have some guilty tapes.
That'll be fun, especially for Passover.
U.S. Supreme Court building is being evacuated.
There's smoke.
Oh no, there's no smoke.
I think we got a new pope.
We had a few colleges in Scotland.
Collison and tell us that radio stations were reporting that, or some of it a lot and was captured.
Yeah.
The Spanish radio stations around.
I see.
Well guess what?
No.
That's our educated audience.
Right.
Can we get the marlins today?
What is your educated audience?
Soapy, knock on our people.
That's your sports nurse.
Thanks a lot, Hank, for that abortion we just had on for an hour and five minutes.
It was fun, a little jiffy.
A little patrally.
We've given them the hour.
Yeah, why not?
It's better you only out with your boyfriend now.
He said it put you on for the hour.
I don't evidently I'm AAA.
I'm not ready for prime time.
No, triple X.
Something, well that's my shirt size.
Exactly.
There you go.
Well listen, say goodbye.
I don't do crossovers with the Fent punks, okay?
Go find a good machine mine.
All right.
You know, copy knock on the Indians like that.
They might be back on the year someday with some money.
All right.
Your time is 10 o'clock.
You said you am in the place sucks.
The B6 drivers are those of the hosts, guess what I call them?
And you not reflect those of the B6 broadcast group.
It staffs advertisers for agencies.
So there's no need to go in with those videos.
Happy pay-soughts, by the way.
I have to put on your day.
Boy.
Who the hell are the borrowers?
Katie Holmes with labor style.
Scientology and pause.
Master not allowed to make a sound.
Even if your girl parts in the ground.
And you can't have a nap after all fall in pain.
You must have stayed.
They have a room of silence.
Even though the pain's extremely bad.
And you want the electricity.
They'll run over steps to shock you.
If you ask me that's a load of crap.
It's like driving a tractor trailer through a doggy door.
What a charm.
And still they ask for silence.
Because of the shade that you're in.
You want to swear like George Carlin.
You wish you could use those bad words.
You'll feel like they're cutting you in first.
And there is nothing.
You will be allowed to say.
To have a say.
This stupid rule of silence.
10.04 at 5.60 WQM.
Happy Thursday to April 13th.
It's a lucky day for us since an unlucky day for the Marlins.
It's a lucky day for the Marlins.
It's going to be a lot of those.
The Marlins are going to be lucky.
They can't lose.
They play tomorrow.
They're going to be able to meet them.
We thought they had the Padres too.
They've been getting shocked.
8,994 announced that they had a 30-year-old.
There were maybe 4-5,000 people who asked for the seats.
They announced 8,994 yesterday.
Another one that they've lost.
6-7 in their red hot.
Can you see the crowd here today?
We're on 12-30 again.
Look at that at 4 o'clock.
We're going to be on the Marlins this season.
We had a bad leave in the morning.
We have no idea who's going to be on the Marlins.
The brain trust is working on that feverishly now.
Tomorrow after the Marlins are waiting.
No, that's today.
Oh, geez.
Today after the game we got Mandog at the sofa.
Kings.
That's the last time we got the Padres.
Yeah.
That leave a long enough space in here.
Yeah, that was good.
That was pretty good.
Mandog from after the game till 7 at the sofa.
Kings.
Then we got Panthers, people with 7.
Panthers at Ottawa tonight at 7.30.
Absolutely meaningless game for the Panthers.
And the K follows that.
That's our lineup.
We got baseball.
We got hockey.
We got a lot of other stuff that nobody cares about.
Guess who died by the way, very bad news.
We probably don't even know who you are.
You know the pointer sisters.
Yeah.
Oh, I read it.
I read it.
Did you?
Well, what do I have to bother with this then?
June Pointer.
The youngest of the singing pointer sisters known for the 70s and 80s hits.
I'm so excited.
Fire and slow hand.
Oh, we can't say slow hand.
Oh, God no.
Has died.
The pointer family says June was 52.
That a cancer yesterday at the Santa Monica or Tuesday.
Santa Monica University of California, LA Medical Center.
She had been hospitalized since late February.
The type of cancer hasn't been disclosed.
The family says she died in the arms of her sister's roof and an evening her brother's
air and in fritz by her side.
Although her sister's body was unable to be present.
She was with her in spirit.
It says.
Don't you love that?
She was with her in spirit.
It's almost as good as, oh, well, he's up there in the sky.
Looking down right now and like these and jocks.
Especially in football they do it too, but baseball a lot.
He hits a home run and he's as he's circling the bases, he points up to the sky.
You know, like your buddy there, very bonds was doing.
He really does it right before he hits the plate.
Right.
You know, he's pointing up there because Bobby bonds is up there in the sky.
Actually, Bobby's rolling over in his grave.
But all the roads.
Fans have been expressing their shock and sorrow and attribute set on the web.
Your music touched my life in a profound manner.
Rostwood, a Oklahoma city, which really means.
I have no life.
Right.
I mean, the poet or sister touched his life.
No, they made some okay music, right?
Yeah.
Not great.
Come see Come-Song.
The group sits also included Hiso, Shai, Automatic, and Jump.
The sisters along with their two older brothers were singing in the choir of an Oakland church
where their parents were ministers.
All right.
Okay.
Poir, well, June poet is dead.
52.
I'm sure most people are saying, who?
Who's that?
Okay.
We'll just move on.
We only got two hours and 23 minutes left on County.
We love the marlins, especially when they play these daygames, baby.
1230 is the pregame.
Model five.
Come on.
Go out there and support the team.
More not as the case may be.
Get David Samson all whipped up to a frenzy.
Make them think that you really care, even though you don't.
And we're going to have like another big bash out there.
Was that just opening day?
I can't believe all the people who showed up there, according to the reports.
It was more than I expected.
People that have worked on this radio station in years were there.
Hopping up the free food, snoring around.
Oh, that's really sad, especially some of the name.
It's really embarrassing.
Here's the porvazol for me.
I said, you'll be pleased to know that we didn't have our 1000 votes by two o'clock.
And not that I checked it.
I was busy sitting at my machine by that time.
But we had 1366.
So obviously by two o'clock there were over 1000 votes.
So you can rest easy now.
Now that you're good buddy, Joe Carabell was in there shaking your hand
and rubbing it on your balls.
Thought that's good.
Nice going, Joe.
You're doing it, man.
Yes he is.
Yeah.
Who is...
Don't start sucking around.
Now you're so shameless for your bad.
Well, now it doesn't start kissing.
Hey, he's here.
He's here.
Now just finally after we've threatened him with murder practically,
they're finally going to start addressing some of these issues.
You talk about slow and ponderous, man.
Even a snail is fast compared to these guys.
Who is the weakest link on WQAM we asked?
1366.
Lenny Martez wins 324.
324 votes.
You got to admit one thing.
There's only one Lenny Martez.
Whatever you're driving, the budget has a vehicle to you.
Yeah, exactly.
Only one.
The Crow 285.
Now let's see, we got a ball game today but we got no Crow.
Is he going to be out there at gate?
In fact, I shouldn't have asked Miguel before he left.
Where you see...
A alarm truck ball.
Problem with those best in the LCDs and t-shirts are going to be available again
because there was a tremendous run on them out there at the ballpark yesterday.
We sold...
Oh!
Nothing.
Well, maybe we'll leave them out there whenever the Crow's out there.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
Or we'll just leave them out there, you know, for you to grab.
You don't have to pay for them.
Just leave them out.
Just leave a pile of that crap.
They still won't take them.
Crow 285, in third with a very nice third play showing...
Y'all they, 227.
George did a little bit worse.
I mean better than we thought he would.
George 194 was a strong fourth.
Kimbaboukampra 112.
The Wooden Man.
Pancai D3.
The big...
Oh!
59.
Curtis only had 37.
Out of 1366 votes.
In fact, I mentioned that to your program director last night during our confab.
Is that right?
Yeah.
That everybody likes Curtis.
That's why they don't put him on here.
By the way, we hate Curtis.
We think he's terrible on here.
See if we keep saying that they'll put him on.
I told you your namesake that.
I told him.
I said, if I kept saying we hated him and he was too young and had a bad voice,
then they would have put him on a lot.
So he's too young and we hate him.
Any K had only 25.
Nobody don't like any K.
And of course he's got kind of a small select group of degenerate ganglionists.
And the mad dog, as expected, dead last with only 20.
So many things.
And I think most of those came from across the street.
Not fool enough for a second.
Now today's pool.
See I had to go back into the archives.
We did this last time a long time ago though.
Do you think I have to read all the names on here?
That should take us till ballgame time.
Oh yeah, why not?
No, I can't, but I can't do it often.
W-Q-A-M crankline.
Hello.
How's it going?
Good morning.
You're in the black honey.
Yeah, yeah.
Who is your favorite all-time TV celebrity?
491 votes.
Johnny Carson 69.
How do you like that?
I like that.
Jerry Seinfeld 43.
What actually leaves me limp those first two?
Johnny Carson, I never thought was even the least of the funny.
And Jerry Seinfeld, man, what a walking billboard for anti-semitism.
He was like a male nanny, like friend-grisher.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Just dripping with New York Jewishness, obnoxious.
Jerry, and not funny either.
Jerry Seinfeld 43.
Jackie Gleason 42.
Now we can agree on that.
He was pretty good.
Bill Shatton or 31.
Carol Conner has got 30, man.
David Letterman 29.
Oh, how sad.
Phil Hartman 21.
Lucille Ball, I love Lucie 19.
James Garner 18.
What the hell is that horrible show he's on?
Not Matlock.
One of those.
You don't even know who that is, do you?
Not by name, if I say something.
You would know James Garner from Earl Nance Garner, whatever his name was.
Barbara Eden 13.
Steve Allen 12.
Elizabeth Montgomery 11.
Bob Newhart 11.
Well, when I guess you were this list, I'm not going to read this off and you better go online and take a puke at it.
Andy Griffith 10.
Carol Burnett 10.
Howard Cosell 9.
Okay.
I don't know how that he really fits in there.
Yeah.
Well, this is whatever we got the first time we did this years ago.
Okay.
Sherman Hemsley, that's George Jefferson 9.
Who, by the way, is gay.
Allen Alder, do you know that?
I did not.
No.
Well, now you do.
See what you learn on the show?
That's great.
Allen Alder 9.
Paul Lind 8.
When you knew that he was gay, see how it all ties together, right?
Bill Cosev 7.
Ferris Fawcett 6.
Well, what does that mean?
Was she on a show?
Was she on Charlie's Angels, I guess?
Yes.
Oprah 136.
Michael Z. Fox 6.
Milton Burrell spelled, oh, how you spelled this.
Now, you couldn't have been working on the show when we did this because you couldn't be that dumb.
B-U-R-L-E-S-B-E-R-L-A.
Oh, Eric, please come to our rescue.
We got Milton Burrell with a U.
6, Jack Benny 6.
We've lumped all the Jewish comedians together.
We just filled in five.
Tell us about us four.
Sincere four.
Ernie Kobach's four.
Bob Barker four.
Dick Van Dyke four.
They like those Dykes.
Lee Majors three.
Susan Day three.
From the Parkridge family.
Well, he's looked lately like she's just had a crack beat out of her.
I don't know what that's all about.
Maybe she didn't have the crack beat out of her.
You know what I mean?
She always looks like she's been just beaten and...
Like a black eye.
Yeah, exactly.
Bob Barker four.
Let's see, Dick Van Dyke four.
Alfred Hitchcock three.
Lee Majors three.
Stan Majors didn't get any.
Jack Lourd three.
Edwin three.
Jack Part two.
Favanna Hute two.
Bill LaBixby two.
Raymond Burr two.
Speaking of gay.
Henry Winkler two.
Speaking of gay.
Gene Rayburn two.
William Conrad one.
Cannon.
Come on.
Florence Henderson one.
Jay Leno one.
He sucks.
Ron Howard one.
Tony Dow one from Leave It And Beaver.
Mary Tallah more one.
David Cassidy.
Look at all these people who don't have any.
David Cassidy Richard Boone Ed Solomon.
Buddy Epson.
Michael Andon.
Larry Hagman.
Dick Clark.
Bill Cullen.
Peter Graves.
Arthur Godfrey and Lauren Green.
Lauren also spelled wrong.
All her got the big.
The 517.
She went to mean by a prodigious list.
It's a long list.
A very lengthy poll.
Which you can add to, by the way, because I'm sure that since we took that poll a hundred
years ago, there's probably all kinds of great news celebrities that you like a lot.
Like whoever the actor is at play Sam on the supernatural, for example.
Oh, I'm sure he sleeps with his brother.
He'll say a lot of votes.
You get my vote.
1014 and QIM.
This is the mean.
Oh Roger.
And the answer was.
No.
This is 516 QASM.
And the.
Bylands with it.
Bylands with it.
Oh, this is giving me another beer.
Announcing three news.
That's me.
3PDD.
Friends to the rescue.
Hey Elmo, don't you think you've had enough to drink?
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
Elmo visits the doctor.
Would you please sell my hands back on and check if it fits in.
And all star alpha beds.
I am termically frog.
It's inches for a hole.
Like Miss Piggy.
Now, they'll blend BDD.
Well, we're going to weigh Johnny Carson's pulling away from the pack from Jack Eglison and Jerry Sunfeld and Buffalo Bob and all these people.
Well, you knew that.
You know, the people love him.
Why did you love him?
No, I never see a show.
Yeah, I mean, I didn't know it was funny.
You thought that was funny, not really.
I didn't dislike him.
I just didn't think he was great.
Exactly.
Exactly.
He never stole a freight train.
I mean, he was, you know, boring.
But I guess that's it.
I guess these people I had very limited television experience.
It goes to show you what they've seen.
But what did you vote for?
I voted for Steve Allen.
Okay.
Even though he became seen Allen grumpy and real curmudgeon in his later years, he had the funny show ever.
In fact, he was the first, one of the not the first, but the second tonight's show host.
And had a much better show than Johnny Carson.
So did Jack Parr.
But nevertheless, yes, Steve Allen was great.
He had that Sunday night show opposite Ed Solomon.
He didn't have to vote G-Jo or the dancing, whatever, didn't have Elvis.
I saw the thing about Elvis couldn't turn it off.
He was on Bravo a couple nights ago.
And I don't really care about Elvis.
Something the fact we decided his music was pretty marginal at best.
But boy, it was pretty scary.
Colonel Parker, man, they should have killed that bastard when he's dead anyway.
5, 6, 7, it's the Overs and others on the Marlins today.
It's our poll question on the year.
How many games will the Marlins win this season?
My guess is...
I'm third, man.
Right.
They're definitely going to lose over 100 games.
Is there anything doubt about that?
I would say it right around there.
What is the record?
Is it like 115 for losses?
I don't know exactly.
I'm sure it's about 120.
120?
All time.
I'll look it up.
Get out of here.
Because you're forgetting that there used to be 150 for game schedule.
It's only in this new era that we got 162.
I don't remember what year they did that.
It used to be 154.
Maybe the mess...
I think 120 is a little bit much.
I mean, that would mean you only win like 42 games.
They already won one.
And Don Trell can pick it like every fourth or fifth game.
So there's like, you know, he's probably going to win like 15.
So there's 16 right there because he didn't win any of his starts yet.
That's 16.
Anybody else can win for him?
No.
Probably not.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We know you people are going to be out there today.
We love the Marlins.
Because like David Sanchez says, we're going to start packing up our salami sandwiches
and get out of here if you people aren't sure what.
How dare you not show up in support of our team and build us that stadium?
How dare you?
WDQ-A-M, hello.
It's not there.
Here's your line. WDQ-A-M line nine.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I listened to this show for like 15 years.
You have the best show on the planet.
It's a pleasure to finally talk to you.
Two things.
You mentioned something about shaky piece of yesterday.
Yeah.
I haven't had that in years.
Where...
That's because they're about a business.
Yeah, there was one in Michigan that we used to go to.
And there was always an old lady playing a piano for a dollar.
She played any song.
But they had Vector.
Do you ever get the Mojo set to head in there?
The what?
They have Mojos, little potato slices.
No, I never heard of it.
Mojo?
No, no, no, no, no.
What do you mean it was one in Michigan?
Like is there a city connected with...
There was a one in Kalamazoo.
Kalamazoo, yeah.
It was right up by Markett, not Markett, but the Eskin Album Michigan.
Oh, God.
I don't want to talk about way up there.
That's what we're going to.
Hey, here we see the movie.
Forget it, I can't remember.
Okay, see ya.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, he sounded a little shaky to me and pouted.
It said, shaky is was good.
It was a different...
The texture of the crust was entirely different.
We looked at different product.
There wasn't like your traditional piece, like you had most pieces of pizza joys.
But the crust is pretty much standard, you know?
Yeah.
But it was a different kind of like greenie.
I don't know what you would call it.
And just different.
That's one of the reasons that Godfather is so good too, because it's a different product.
Besides Godfather is like in between your traditional pizza and the Chicago deep dish.
It's like halfway in between.
You ever have going?
Yeah, you've had Godfather's.
Yeah.
And we have some bread in it where you're not there yet.
No, I was there.
And I also have the Chicago pizza.
Yeah.
Which is like not even a pizza.
No, it's just a huge pile of stuff.
Meat and cheese.
Like a stromboli.
Right, right.
More like a stromboli.
I wonder if that's kosher for pace off the stromboli.
W-Q-A-N.
Hey, Neil.
I'm pretty sure you're kind of a wealthy guy or you're well off, right?
Now, business manwise, if you are a businessman, why the hell would they buy the marlins?
If they knew they were losing money the entire time.
And then now-
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Why would who buy the marlins?
What does that mean?
Well, will you abort the marlins or took over the marlins a couple of years ago when they knew there was a problem with funding?
Well, did you?
That's right.
Look, here's what it boils down to.
John Henry did the same thing.
He made a bad deal with Wayne and then he cried to the public.
And Jeffrey Lury did the same thing.
He made a bad deal with Wayne.
He knew he wasn't going to be able to make it.
Because they all assume that the public is going to build a stadium.
So they come with their hat and their hand.
Oh, please.
If you want us to stay, please give us your money and the public just get out of here.
I mean, I don't have any sympathy for them.
They knew that Wayne is a grave robber.
It was going to stiff them.
And then whatever happened with that deal where he was going to give them the land there, you know.
And they're going to build another stadium next to the PP Park.
That would make sense.
That would make too much sense.
Like in Kansas City and over they have the baseball stadium and arrowhead stadium side by each.
I've given right to there.
Well, if I remember correctly they turned that down, didn't they?
Yeah, they said, ah, yeah, mama, you know.
Because they were still, you know, benefiting Wayne in some way.
No.
If I remember correctly.
So he actually Wayne is the one that all new people ought to hate like poison because he's the evil doer.
See, in the beginning he acted like he was the sports sandy clause.
Oh, I brought you majorly baseball.
I brought you hockey.
And I bought the dolphins.
And I bought the stadium and screwed over the, and changed the name to a company that's out of business now.
But anyway, all of these things he did.
And then everything he touched turned to crap.
And then he had the minus touch of rivers.
Airby franchise he managed to turn it.
You know, he took World Series the first one and turned all the goodwill instantly in a badwill.
Well, I'm not in it for the friends.
I'm in it for the money.
And then he, I remember Kevin Brown, man, a couple other players they offered to stay for the money.
And then he offered to stay for the first World Series.
And he had no thanks.
No, because he wanted to have a fire sale.
He wanted to do the same thing with the Marlins.
He did with the Panthers.
That's what these rich bastards do.
Oh, you better build me an arena or a stadium where I'm going to pack up.
We're going to move.
Well, go goodbye, you know.
I like if the Panthers would have left.
I mean, so there wouldn't be no, whatever that place is called now.
The emphasis center.
Thank you, Atlanta.
If they'd have changed that name about six times, that wouldn't be there.
And would have been such a bad idea not that they're going to charge you to walk onto their property starting.
I can't believe they didn't retract that.
They didn't change their mind on that.
And they're not going to.
That has got to be the most bogus idea that you don't have to be like.
Don't we like if you own a restaurant?
And you had a parking lot in front of the restaurant.
And you said, if you walk onto our parking lot, we're going to charge you five bucks.
Even if you don't come in by any food, we're going to charge you five bucks just for walking onto our property.
And that's basically what they're saying.
Grave robbers.
And most people, you know, that three bucks a gallon for gas.
They're trying to put their property back together after Wilma.
People are got issues, man.
They haven't got a lot of cash.
That's why I was really stupid to that best of the amount of time when we knew it was going to fail.
Guaranteed failures.
Yeah, that's what they keep setting us up for a QAM.
Just like Hank mentioned yesterday.
Guaranteed failure.
That's just probably got, even though you like them a lot now, because they're kissing your ass.
And you can take me for that.
Thank you.
You can take me for that.
The fact they're finally getting around to taking care of you.
And maybe George this week because they move real slow.
And if they don't get off the van, just wait till you're going to be talking about all day tomorrow.
This is meal Roger.
Oh, this is five sixty-two days.
Now when you can mark it down.
If Crawler County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility.
Okay.
I will not play here.
Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next ten years, saying,
here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something else.
We won the World's Theory.
We won the World's Theory.
Hi, I'm David Samson, and I use this out like this.
Until I met that queen of supercotts.
I'm looking for a new home for my world, Chaffee and my land.
And I don't like sharing a stadium with big, stinky football players.
I had my heart set on a new stadium.
But my dreams were all dashed because of that tank so bad.
Well, it's not going to happen now.
And it's all your fault, Hank.
All your fault.
Some certain will be welcomed at literators with flowers and candy in a new city like San Antonio.
But that you've picked, I've been smoking, huh?
If you don't like the Marlins anymore, I'll just take them home with me, open my self to play in my own backyard.
So put that in your lost talent, fly to, and remember, there's nothing more important than life than the grab-backed staggering of man-a-man's boy.
Look, and for a home, for the Marlins, for a home of rodeo.
Bye-bye-bye!
10.33.27.4.
We got the Marlins pre-game show at 12.30.
Any interest?
Well, it should be another really good rating as Booster, just like those you and basketball games.
But it gave us a chance to get out of here real early, both those days, and this is the same thing this week.
Yeah, I guess today.
Yeah, and I'm getting used to this.
I had a successful day at Woodbine, yesterday I had a couple of good machines, insurance-help-beats sitting here, talking a crap for another hour and a half to match.
40 and 120.
Wow, you were right. You had your thumb right on it. 120.
Hmm, they must have had a couple of games canceled due to lack of interest.
What year was it? 62?
62.
What's the McKasey Stangle era, huh?
Now, was there expansion here?
That was the Casey Stangle era, like I said.
Well, that's way it goes. You know, that's the expansion.
We needed a lot more teams, the massive one, five in a row, haven't had to believe, not that I pay attention to baseball.
Oh, I think you do.
You think I do what?
Well, you just catch the highlights on sports.
I don't care, I don't pay any attention to it.
I might watch like a couple of pitches as I'm channel surfing here or there.
On all those X-Marlins on the Met's now?
Yeah.
As a matter of fact, I noticed now, let's see, opening day, Josh Beckett pitch for the red songs.
That's right.
And that fat David Wells pitch for them yesterday in the blue days just tore the cover off his fat ass.
Nice going there, Toronto.
Excellent job. I can't stand him.
See, Roger Clemens is a fat ass, but at least he's a great performer.
He walks the walk and he talks the talk and all that other cliche crap.
But David Wells has got a big mouth and he's just a pig, you know?
Yeah, well, I mean, let's not compare Roger Clemens' body type to David Wells.
I mean, Roger's a little pudgy, but David Wells is just a little...
Do you say Pudge?
Yeah.
Well, there's another one, by the way, didn't get that fat ass just for meeting too many Fritos.
Fritos Banditos.
Hey, he's a little guy now and it's half of a day away.
Yeah, he's got the sun back today.
He's got the Royden investigation in Congress.
Pudge Rodriguez went from 310 pounds to like 140.
He looks like little Miss Muffet now.
Must be just a coincidence.
Of course.
Who's your favorite all-time TV celebrity?
I'm not going to read this whole list, although we're sure we're killed some great time.
597.
We want to get to 800 before our 1230.
Like we did yesterday.
Wouldn't that be good sign?
Yeah, I haven't voted yet.
I'm adding Chris Farley.
You're adding who?
Chris Farley.
Hmm.
Good choice.
Another dead guy.
Johnny Carson 82.
Boy, look at how many of these people are dead.
Good God.
Johnny 82, Jackie Gleason 53.
Long since dead.
Jerry Seinfeld 49.
Not yet, but Carol O'Connor 38 did.
I still say that when Carol O'Connor died, we said like a national day of mourning.
You don't think?
Yeah, I do.
I just, you know, some of the celebrities like to stay with a pointer sister.
I had a June pointer.
I don't, you know, I mean, I know their music, but I wouldn't know her if she liked it.
They put her body on my patio now.
I wouldn't have any idea who it was.
But when what's your name dies,
I was, um, Marine Stapled and just died in for just a second when I saw that couple weeks ago.
I thought, oh, not Gene Stapled it, but it was Marine.
So not that we didn't like Marines.
He's pretty good actress, but when Gene Stapled and dies,
Analysts say a nuclear Iran is years away.
It sounds like we're being set up all over again.
In fact, 48% of the Adam Americans say that they back military action against Iran
if the government continues pursuing nuclear technology.
Paul conducted by the LA Times in Bloomberg reveals that 48% of Americans would back military action against Iran.
Probably because things are going so well in Iraq.
If the government continues pursuing nukes,
however, a majority 54% indicates that they don't believe President Bush will make the right decision.
And other was whatever he does.
They don't know what it's going to be, but as usual, it'll be wrong.
Kind of like our management.
Same thing.
Although I'm sure glad to see their Kiss Me Ranch now.
So am I.
Oh, tell me the other cheek now.
Just spend over there.
Okay. Now the other cheek couple of times.
There you go.
Kissy kissy.
But anyway, in line with that poll to show you how stupid the public is now easily conned.
In other words, fool me once and please fool me again.
Please, you know, like they say in Tennessee and Texas.
Western nuclear analysts said yesterday that they ran like the skills, materials,
and equipment to make good on its immediate nuclear ambitions.
Even as senior Iranian official said Iran would define international pressure and rapidly expand its ability to enrich your rating for fuel.
And other words, it's a lot of BS.
It's a bluff.
Just like you threatening to walk out if they don't come through with some big bucks.
Just a bluff.
The official Mohammed Saidi, the deputy head of Iran's Atomic Energy Organization,
another raghead, said Iran would push quickly to put 54,000 centrifuges online,
a vast increase from 164 of the Iranians that yesterday they had used in which Iranian
deliverables they could fuel a nuclear reactor.
Still, nuclear aimless called the claims exaggerated.
They said nothing had changed to water current estimates of when Iran might be able to make a single nuclear weapon,
assuming that it's ultimate goal.
The U.S. government has put that at five to ten years away in some analysts that said the current hum is latest 2020.
Some of us might even be dead by that.
What's that?
Fourteen years away?
Yeah.
I'd be 77 by that.
Oh, I'll make that.
As long as I stick to my low-car pasta, I'll be okay.
I'll make that.
Oh, which by the way, I went shopping yesterday and just for the cakes, I bought it.
And?
Oh, I haven't eaten it yet.
Oh.
Well, you won't know the difference.
I mean, you know what I can't hurt in your case, but you're looking a little chunky in that picture on the website.
Also, you can't hurt.
I'm just Tony.
And now is the time to start watching your peas and cuisines.
Not when you blow it up like the beast in about ten, fifteen years.
It'll be okay.
I thought you want.
Look at your job.
You sit there on your ass for five, six hours of day.
But I haven't had it on your own.
You're an active guy, like, you know what I mean?
That's what I heard.
That's what Duff is thinking.
Just tell me not that active.
Iran's announcement brought criticism from several Western nations and a lesser degree from Russia and China.
Secretary of State Candelese Erise, that bull die, called for strong steps against Iran, using the country's clear statement of defiance to persuade reluctant countries like Russia and China to support tough international penalties.
But Russia and official said they hadn't changed their opposition as archbendolese.
Nuclear analysts said Iran's vote that had enriched uranium using 164 cent of eaches meant that it had now moved one small but significant step beyond what it already been able to do nearly three years ago.
In other words, what's as they say on paysock, what's the big cemus?
I don't like carrots cemus, although I do like potato kugel.
You know what else I like?
Like I say in that Fatsobit, Lachin Kuhl.
Too bad Georgian theory, speaking of the English lesson, Lachin, now actually it's usually used in the derogatory way in the idiot to talk about Italian people.
Lachin, Lachin is single, like an Italian guy, Lachin.
So it's usually sarcastic, derogatory.
And Lachin means something Italian, so Lachin Kuhl is like Italian noodle pie.
Got it?
Although in Germany Kuhl is cone, like an ice cream cone Kuhl.
So when you go to Berlin next time, just order a Kuhl.
Next time.
No.
Oh, they got good ice cream in Berlin boy.
Oh, in Germany.
Man.
I would say it's even better than in Gelato and Italy.
I've said that before, oh, you're crazy.
Well, I'm just telling you.
They're hyping it, said David Albright, president of the Institute for Science, International Security and Washington, a private group that monitors the Iranian nuclear program.
Anthony Kortismen and Khalid Ar-Alroy down of the Center for Strategic International Studies and Warsheen.
Called the Iranian claims a little more than vacuous political posturing meant to promote Iranian nationalism and a global sense of atomic inevitability.
The nuclear expert said Iran's claim yesterday that it would mass produce 54,000 centrifuges echoed most of the years ago.
Even so, they noted the Islamic states still lack the parts of materials to make droves of the highly complex machines, which can spin uranium into fuel rich enough for your nuclear reactors or atomic gunabamba.
They lack the machines.
That's too good machines yesterday, man.
How often do you think you get a thousand on the wheel?
Three different times.
For us, I want a machine and then one center one right next to it.
That's pretty good.
I mean, I could have had a much larger wind figure, but you know, when little, then you give a whole lot back.
That's the way it works.
Yeah, to keep plunging, man.
You had to keep persisting and persisting and finally got off the machine when it just died.
When your machine dies, man, don't just sit there and keep feeding it all day assuming, oh, pretty soon it's going to pop.
What's going to pop is your bank account.
That's what's going to pop.
What the hell was that guy talking about?
I'm a wealthy guy.
What was he babbling about?
Who knows?
What is with these people this week about?
Are you happy?
Your life gone pretty well.
Man.
Look, they're on some kind of fishing expedition for this big book.
They're writing.
Don't worry.
It won't sell little.
So just as good as that to CD.
That one that we're apparently.
By the way, they got it at the stadium.
Just look for them.
We're giving them away.
And where some of them T-shirts.
Okay.
You're going to be watching on T-Zekim on TV today.
And speaking of that, you know, I don't want to like start in with him again, but he is so, so horrible.
Rich Walt.
He's, you know, I watched a little bit of that opening day game at the Bakl.
He's just awful.
Why you continue defending him?
I don't think he's very good.
I don't think he's very good.
Why can't you say it like it is?
He's just horrible.
I don't think he's very good.
Well, I see you're a nice guy.
You're trying to kiss up to him because you know the guy.
Okay.
You're like Hank.
Because you know somebody you don't want to rip him.
Just because I like somebody, they'll mean that they were great talent, you know?
That's true.
There you go.
I mean, look at you.
10.43.
You said, well, look at Miguel.
Let's pick on him.
He's not there.
He's in a meeting today.
They decided it was more important for him to be in a promotion's meeting than to be
with us.
And we agreed.
I like Miguel personally, but I'm not sure what he adds to it.
He haven't told you for years now about Dalmatris.
They're outstanding service.
If you thought that Dalin 1800 mattress on the phone was easy, wait till you go online and shop at
mattress.com.
That's right.
When you log on to mattresses.com page, you'll see the extensive product line from Celey,
CERDA 17-Quel, Temporary Pete Experience in Foster Hewitt.
You'll also see photos, prices, and lots more.
You'll see all of these things.
You can do the whole ordering process online or after you visit mattress.com, pick up that
phone and call 1800 mattress and place the order when you can schedule delivery and they
tour our window that's convenient for you when you have two or a window seven days a week
a pick, like one to three, two to four, etc. and they show up on time.
And right now take advantage of a Dalmatris great 12-month financing program too.
When you call Dalmatris, 1800 mattress, you get factory-dread prices lower than chain
stores even during your so-called big sales.
Call now 1800 mattress like I've been doing for years.
The easiest thing that you could possibly do is the official mattress company of the
Neil Rogers show.
Call 1800 mattress right now and talk with expert vetting consultants or log on to mattress.com
like I said to give it to yourself the best thing you've had and a very, very long time
for your friends.
I'm going to make you an offer your college views.
I will show you a way to eliminate your enemies, blinking, pinky, inky and clined.
It's simple.
Leave the guy behind.
Take the power palette.
He was an actor who worked for nothing in a film that became a bluff fuster.
You boys, you're found a way to screw me.
The financially, of course.
Randy Quaid is suing broke back mountain.
You're not going up there to make an art house movie.
Randy Quaid is going through the back door to get the money they owe him in.
I wish I knew how to cash you residual shit.
Now playing in selective court rules.
10.49.
It's 11 before noon at 5.60 W.A.M.
We got that big Marlon game coming up at 12.30.
That's the reason that you're making new working for peanuts and cracker jack.
That's right.
Caramel corn, whatever that is.
And the same with George is because we're losing our ass in a Marlon.
See, I'm like across the street where they lie and they put those articles in the paper
and the South Florida business journal.
Oh, we're making very big money on the dolphin games.
We did really great last year.
Oh, yeah.
5 million they spent.
They got a million and a half back in revenue.
They lost 3.5 million the first year.
Plus, they had that Jimmy Cifalus that was simple to non-year.
Doing the ball games.
Totally unacceptable.
See, we don't lie about it.
In fact, if any other station in the market would like to have the Marlon game,
you can start today.
Right?
We'll stick around until two.
Now, like I said, start tomorrow.
That was a bad boy.
I tell you what, stick in your foot right up your old neck.
Not good.
Start tomorrow with a big series against the Washington Nats this weekend.
Man, they're going to be, oh, what are, what are, what crowds are going to be for that series?
See, I like all these great traditional rivalries.
They're starting to season with us.
You're like, you know, Marlon's in the pod race.
Marlon's in the Washington Nats, who used to be the Montreal Expose.
Oh, brother.
Woo!
Heavy duty.
And they wonder why nobody's showing up.
I mean, wouldn't it have been better like to have the Marlon's in the Metz for opening here,
at least yet, had some Metz fans.
See, they're no longer there.
There's nobody there because the other teams don't have any fans.
See, when you have a sporting event in South Florida, you have to be playing a team that
brings at least half of the crowd has to be a fan of the other team, you know?
Is that correct?
Yeah.
Like when the dolphins play the jets or the giants, or like when the panthers play the Rangers or the flyers.
Half of the crowd has to be composed of people from fans of the other team.
Otherwise, there's nobody there.
8,994 Myassin.
Today I have a female eclipse stat on the downside.
People all over town are bidding over to numbers.
Yeah, and I think the number is 5,000.
I know it was yesterday.
5670560.560 for Ryzen and Singular, wireless line.
Somebody QAM, hello?
You go, guys?
Yes, sir.
I think they're going to the game today?
No, not in many ways.
But thank you, sir.
How dare you?
Well, I thought I'd call and give you the stat that I had to leave the radio for a minute.
But I think the Tigers hold the distinction of the most losses in the season.
No, they came close a couple of years ago.
But...
Oh, it's the bomb.
Josh runway looked it up. He said the Mets 120 and 62.
Oh, okay. Well, the tucker's stuck, too.
Yeah, but I would imagine the American League would be the Tigers, though.
Yeah, absolutely.
And one channel's request.
Is it possible to play that American F and Y chick?
What do you mean?
The whole call.
Oh, the whole call?
Yeah.
But then I got it.
Oh, okay.
I don't know what tells that's all about.
I don't know who we ever have a request for...
Oh, a request Thursday on a short show.
Oh, I don't care.
Well, you're brutal.
You're learning fast, also. Well, here she is.
Okay, the guy that you have talking on your sports department, I heard him the other day talking about the Eagles that they're getting now to play the game.
And it's very clear that he's talking about the Cuban illegals.
Okay. And I want to tell you that's very...
What's the other thing that's happening about the Eagles?
You're talking about...
And himself is not a native here. He's not an American Indian.
Everybody here has been on the Eagles sometimes or the other.
Okay. And I don't like anybody talking like that about Cuban people.
Okay. Because you know, he talks about like that, but Cuban people...
How about his nationalities? A piece of...
Okay. There's nothing for Rob to hear. There's a poor people. That's how...
That's how... You know, that's the American fucking way.
So, they're talking about Cuban people that way.
But, device...
That's probably why he wanted me to play, you know.
But you can't fool me in no more.
I'm jumping everything now. I'm throwing everything I want in a couple of games. That's right.
Everything is centered now. I said...
10, 50, 3, and 5, 60 WQM here in the fastest USA.
And let's play that until about 1230.
I almost said until two o'clock.
Johnny Carson is, I think, unreachable and untouchable.
I'm just pulling. That's a very sad commentary on America.
I mean, we had our first TV in 1952, I believe, in my house.
As a child. I was 10 years old.
And that's 54 years ago.
Yeah.
And in 54 years, if Johnny Carson is the greatest all-time...
Or your favorite all-time TV celebrity, I would like to go out and burn my TV.
You know what I'm saying?
I would agree with that.
I just... I mean, if he's the best thing that was ever on in your opinion,
that either your taste is really crappy or you just never got to see any good TV.
Because he was marginal at best.
And of course there was Ed McMahon, you know, Kissing is...
But hey, oh, you know, sucking up. Oh, God.
Oh, look at that. Where the hell is that from?
You can join Anderson Cooper 360.
What the hell was that all about?
Looks like some place in Europe to me.
Plus, the weather that guy was looking pretty good.
Who's your favorite all-time TV celebrity?
I'm just going to read a few here, because the list goes on 540-06 votes.
That's the important part.
We'll make that 800 by 1230 easy.
No sweat.
You mark my words.
I'll put in a good word with Maddie Bell for you.
Johnny Carson, 88. Not too good, though.
Jackie Gleason 57.
See, Johnny's got it looked. He is often runnin'.
Jackie Gleason 57.
Jerry Seinfeld 51.
Very, very weak show.
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
Well, no, I see. I disagree.
But what?
I think Jerry Seinfeld as a comedian and everything else he does solo is weak, but his show is great.
Look, I said I'll put in a bad word for you.
Carol O'Connor 41.
Now, would you say that Seinfeld was better than all in the family?
Yes.
Yes. Oh, my God.
I mean, right there, just a theme song.
Just the opening theme is better than anything was ever on Seinfeld.
Seinfeld was better than all in the family.
This is what Josh Cordes says. Punk that he is.
I just can't even believe you would have the nerve to say that.
I don't think you ever even saw it.
You wouldn't know Miethe from Mietball.
William Schratner 38.
Listen, you were telling your opinion, your full of crap, but then again, you know,
but there he is.
Johnny Carson is it, huh?
Whatever you say.
Carol O'Connor was 8,000 times the performer that Jerry Seinfeld, whatever dream of it.
Carol O'Connor had more talent in his fat, right thumb than Jerry Seinfeld, whatever
I have in this featured obnoxious body.
Well, Jerry Seinfeld isn't one of the shows funny.
Well, there you go.
Well, the question is not the show.
So you're confusing.
Not what's your all-time favorite TV show.
Who is your all-time favorite celebrity?
See?
Aha.
Oh, that's already.
That's not, that I didn't vote for him.
I'm just saying I like Seinfeld.
You know, you see where you're, you're already said that he sucks, but it's a good show.
So therefore, how could he be it?
Whereas you would never say that Carol O'Connor sucked.
Although he wasn't, he was a bad show.
A good movie, bad show.
Did everyone watch that show?
Maybe once.
Yeah, that was more than enough.
Carol O'Connor 43, Bill Shatner 38.
What an actor.
David David Letterman 35, Phil Harman 28.
Now he should be doing better tonight.
Who didn't like Phil Harman?
But he was, I know this is usually unacceptable.
He actually was very funny.
Yes, he was.
Lucille Brawl.
Well, I love Lucille.
He was very funny, 26.
And James Garner and I still can't think of what the show was.
Google it.
Well, it wasn't Matt Locke.
I'm sure he was on a bunch of ones.
But he was on one of those cop shows, James Garner.
And his brother John Nance Garner.
And I could have Google it.
Oh, I'm so excited to buy that already.
Because he's high enough on list.
And why is he high enough on list?
Why is James Garner one of the favorite celebrities on TV?
Yeah, like I said, he was on a thousand different things.
But I'm going to look for something.
He wouldn't be in my top 6,000.
Next thing, it'll be Bob Wagner for Rock Hudson for McMillan and wife.
Who now was on their students in James?
Was that it?
That was a terrible show.
Even though Rock Hudson was.
Yeah.
The Rockford files?
That's it.
See, right there, James Garner, the Rockford files.
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised.
Oh, wouldn't that be something if I had that on here?
That would be sensational.
But you know what?
It's not on this disc.
I do have it.
But if you think I'm going to make the effort, especially on a day when we got a short show on
Pace Off, if you think I'm working overtime to play the Rockford files, then I might.
Thread on the flow.
I got NYPD Blue.
Now, who the hell is in that show?
Anybody we know?
What I'm going to overdo that we did the TV theme scene.
We haven't done that in what about six days.
10, 58, 5, 60, WM.
It's the Marlins pre-game show, baby.
We were working up and all you fans worked up into a frenzy for baseball.
You can smell the club, the dock strap, the locker room, the body walk.
And of course, nobody has any idea who these kids are.
We know Don Trello, we know who Al Cabrera, and that's it.
We know anybody else on the team?
I mean, I do.
But they're all my friends.
I think Wittenberg wouldn't...
No.
No, you know who it is.
You told me I was working here.
Oh, Willingham?
Yeah.
Willingham.
There you go.
We'll Clyde Willingham, whatever his name is.
I remember Clyde McCullough.
10, 58, 5, 60, WQM.
If you think you got termites in your home, like we have a QM,
but we got a lot of things that bug us.
Call Riddit Pest Control Day for free termite inspection.
Riddit uses that amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and termite eggs 100% on contact.
I don't know if I should say orange or orange.
When I was in college, all the New York kids used to give us a bunch of crap.
Those of us from like, not from New York.
It's not orange.
It's orange.
Well, go back to New York.
Anyway, those termites are gone fast, man.
If you have termites, it's the best possible way to get a good say to them.
And you don't have to tense your home either.
You don't have to worry about making your palace into a circus.
No worrying about poisonous gas.
Although if you don't make it into a circus, we got the perfect clown for you.
No moving out or hotel stays.
No worrying about food or pets in your health.
At Riddit, they treat your home with this amazing orange oil.
And you don't have to leave it all.
In fact, when they're done treating your property, the only thing left behind is the clean scent of oranges for just a few days.
It's true if you have a termite problem called Riddit Pest Control right now.
And find out about this amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and the race.
100% on contact.
No tending, no BS, no kidding.
Call right now for a free termite inspection before the termite season meeting gets going big and a two-year-old house away.
Call 1-800-447-4348.
That's 1-800-447-4348.
When you call, be sure and tell them that Todd Greck told you to call 1-800-447-4348.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62-8.
It's your brain.
This is your brain on drugs.
This is your brain being chopped up by a filing home meat fever.
This is your brain in a blender.
And this is your brain being stirred into a big pot of chili.
Hmm, brains.
Real food for real people.
I saw Jesus, a rat.
Think of all the God you've heard.
I saw him, a paparote, no stir in the seed.
Think of my God.
Oh, my friend, think of looks.
And let the red make fire.
Oh, God, so thank goodness.
I'm the stink of God, all the hell.
I saw him in my shaving green.
So I left it all my face.
And I went to work.
I looked like a jerk and I was fired in the spring.
Driving home, I was all alone.
Making some full-played tricks on me.
But in the rear view mirror, I could see Jesus staring back at me.
I was right.
I saw Jesus staring, a paparote, no stir in the seed.
Think of my God.
Oh, my friend, think of looks.
And let the red make fire.
Oh, God, so thank goodness.
I'm the stink of God, all the hell.
Oh, God, so thank goodness.
Oh, God, so thank goodness.
Oh, God, so thank goodness.
I saw him, a paparote, no stir in the seed.
And let the red make fire.
I saw him in a bowl with my feet in the side of the sluckers yard.
Oh, yes.
Oh, God, so thank goodness.
Oh, my God, so thank goodness.
Oh, God, so thank goodness.
Oh, God, so thank goodness.
Oh, God, so thank goodness.
I saw him, a paparote, no stir in the seed.
Think of my God.
Oh, God, so thank goodness.
Oh, God, so thank goodness.
I want to see a whole whole good little one.
Oh, Lord, there he is again.
Honest dishes.
Excellent things.
Good team song right?
Rock, paper, yeah pretty good.
Crapie show.
James Gardner is a good actor but it was a bad show.
Robert Wagner on the other hand is a bad actor and it was an awful show.
Whatever that show was with what's your name?
What was the show he was on?
Robert White to catch a thief.
Terrible actor.
He used to look really, really good.
I mean really, really good about 100 years ago.
Before he is, he is as wooden as Kim Bo Campers.
By the way, Bokas says that Gardner's other thing was Maverick.
Oh Maverick, see I kept saying Matlock.
I knew it began, who's with an MA?
See, when he gets to be old in the scene now like me,
he had to like letter and word association,
Maverick, Matlock, say like that.
Okay, you're putting, you're drooling a little bit.
Pepperoni just drooled on your cheek.
Who was your favorite all-time TV celebrity in Johnny Curry?
He's got a locked up now with all the,
you know, why are we moisting our time with us?
Very sad.
Yep.
We only got an hour and 24 minutes anyway.
Why, I just hate these short shows, don't you?
Oh yeah, we're supposed to plan, even show up.
We could have slept together a bunch of interviews.
Yeah.
Only we don't do interviews.
I just can't believe we followed that today.
I mean, the Humper.
What?
I think we had a Pac-Ox surprise there for me.
Not good.
Erach's newly crowned beauty queen speaking of not good
has gone into hiding, but she's really me, is anyway.
God.
No wonder, no wonder those Islamic women cover up their face.
Have you ever seen, well, I shouldn't say that.
That's bad.
Probably some of them are lovely, wouldn't you think?
Oh, sure.
I haven't seen any.
Me neither.
Erach's newly crowned beauty queen is going into hiding.
Fearing she'll be targeted by Islamic militants who reportedly threaten to kill other women
who participated in the Baghdad pageant last week.
Not that these are people living in the dark ages, you understand, or people who treat women
like garbage.
Sylvia Shahakian.
And Iraqi Christian.
Oh, not good.
Receive the title of Miss Iraq when the initial winter step down after receiving death
threats.
And two other runners up also bowed out.
A person permitted with the events said yesterday.
Since receiving the crown, Shahakian has been lying low, fearing that she's going to be
targeted, pageant was held April 9th in the Baghdad Social Club.
And the initial winter, Tomar Grigian, gave back the crown four days later.
Here, you take it.
I don't want it.
Look, I have a theater.
Here, you take it.
Grab it.
I don't want it.
The man spoke unconditionally and anonymity refusing to be identified further, saying he
also fear.
Oh, things are going swimmingly well.
Shahakian's whereabouts were unknown, although it's believed she was still in Iraq.
Several attempts to reach for region is believed to have left her right failed.
Shahakian was quoted by ABC's Good Morning America, saying she'll keep her title, but that
she'd plan to change her residence.
She's going to be laying mighty low.
By the way, you don't do any cooking as a Russian girlfriend, is she going to cook
the pasta?
No, I cooked the pasta.
Really?
Very good.
Eight minutes.
I know the boxes 9 to 11.
Eight minutes.
Trust me.
Got it?
Now, doesn't it look just like regular pasta?
Exactly.
Excellent.
And that's what it's going to taste like, only even better.
And much more better fiber.
Stay close to home for a while after you did.
Oh, no.
No, no, it's not.
It doesn't exist.
You're just being nice and regular.
That's all.
This chance doesn't come to every girl she's since I'm lucky to have that.
I'm not going to lose it.
She said in the program yesterday, I will take care.
I will change my living place.
I'd like to take that chance.
I'll do my best.
ABC reported like a region received threats by a group of religious maniacs who referred
to her as the queen of infidels for participating.
Have the Hutzpah to participate in a beauty pageant.
You know, those Muslims, man, they want the women covered up with all them schmottes,
man, cover up their unclean, their unclean, unclean.
The pageant was the first to be held in a match since the Westside invasion in 2003,
according to ABC.
The network said organizers are hoping to send the word, the Miss Universe pageant,
being held in the LA July 23rd.
Then they will fear her or our shooter or something like that.
Won't that be bad?
Oh, look at this.
Now, whatever happened with the smoke, they were blowing smoke at the Supreme Court,
and they evacuated the building, and they said it was smoke, and then that was the last
we heard of it.
That would be really bad, especially if Antonin Scalia was still in there.
Oh, look at that.
Maybe they would be shoe bomber, Richard Reed, or Greg Reed, maybe a witness in the
Moussali trial.
Well, we don't care.
I don't understand.
I thought the trial was all over with, and I thought that they were like in the sentencing
phase.
How many years is that going to go on?
Is that what we thought?
That's what we thought.
Yeah.
That's just keeps going on.
Where's the story about the Supreme Court here on CNNU idiots?
Let's see.
Here's the story about Dave Shaprell.
I got that.
We'll get to that.
I knew you wouldn't hear that.
I saw that, but why he ain't coming back.
Where's the story about the Supreme Court?
They give us the big tease, like maybe all the maybe clearance.
I think Clarence Token Thomas was smoking a big fat one.
That's what that smoke was.
Not fooling me.
A pin size joint.
Yeah, that's the pin size joint.
He was probably also looking up somebody's dress.
Saturday, he'll counter it there and no more.
So he's probably in there ain't no, uh, maybe he was looking up Ruth Bader Ginsburg's
dress.
Oh, gee, I'm so sorry I said that.
Oh.
Sad Regale counter was bad enough.
Can you imagine looking up Ruth Bader Ginsburg's dress?
Uh-huh.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
QAM?
QAM.
Oh, yes.
A neal.
I want to.
Your formerly popular sports station WQAM, yes.
All right.
I want to vote for a Steve Allen, but the name is that on the poll.
Yes, it is.
Steve Allen is got.
I know it's honored because I voted for him.
Oh, right.
I should be talking about, man.
Let me tell you how many votes he's got.
Right now he's got 14 votes.
He's right there.
He's right there.
Keep checking for it, man.
Now, let me ask you a question.
OK.
Who would you say was the greater talent on TV?
Jerry Seinfeld or Carol O'Connor?
Oh, Carol O'Connor.
I mean, it's not even close, is it?
Not no comparison.
OK.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Check in the mail.
Thank you.
See?
I think you're the only one who can get a check in the mail, huh?
That's not my last people.
What's the better show?
No, no, that's not the poll.
OK.
See your starting to get like the audience.
That's not the question.
It's not a question what's your favorite TV show?
That'll be tomorrow.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Well, I mean, we have done that.
I'm sure it's been off, right?
Yeah, we can spin it off.
Like a dreidel.
Oh, it's the wrong holiday for that.
Hey, listen, it's never too late to spin the dreidel.
God might have put a, he might take kindly to that.
Oh, look at that.
What a good little Jewish kid.
He's spinning the dreidel even though it's paysock, man.
You have supposed to spin a dreidel on paysock.
You're going to burn in hell.
See, you never know when you mess with God.
You better get all your holiday stuff.
Don't beat no pacidicky candy, untissue bulb, OK?
God gets really bad out of shape when you do that.
Nah.
Don't beat no macaroons on Sinhalastura.
Oh, not good.
And by the way, happy good Friday tomorrow.
Oh, tomorrow's good Friday.
Shouldn't it be a holiday?
That's right.
I'll be sure to eat all the meat that I can.
Oh, I mean macaroni and cheese.
I'm going to get some of them elbows.
I think I might do that.
But I don't know what, now you see, you found the dream field
in the store that they have just the spaghetti
or the other stuff.
No, I actually, I got the penne pasta.
Really?
Yeah.
I didn't even know they made penne pasta.
They got like five different varieties in it.
In public.
Is it penne from heaven?
Well, I'll let you know.
Or is it penneas for rumour?
Anyway, it's good Friday tomorrow.
So we'll be doing our special Easter crucifixion show.
We're going to take Joe Bell and nail him to a cross
on the corner right there by Chef Subcenter,
right by the Haitian fast food store.
That's what we have to do.
We have to find that guy that hates the Haitian so much.
We have like nail him to a cross right in her that mini-mark there.
You know what I'm talking about by the barbershop
or George Vises drugs?
Yes.
Who is your favorite all-time TV celebrity
as our poll question?
Johnny Carson 98, they're not going to touch Johnny.
And who they would want to with this stage of the game,
probably a little gaming.
Jackie Gleason 61,
Seinfeld 58 and Terrible Conor 48.
I want to live long enough or 56 to 48.
Eight vote margin.
I want to live long enough to see
Carole O'Connor pass jury Seinfeld.
Because, you know, we need justice, man.
Let's go to Corleone Sicily.
Let's do the show remote from there from Sicilia, huh?
From Italy.
What could we eat good then?
Forget about Dreamfield.
What do you say?
Let's do the show from Corleone.
Something else.
Something like a remote man.
I'll talk to Miguel.
There you go.
Yeah, I have them.
I set it up.
Leave it to go.
Take it, I'll leave it to go.
1113, a QM.
We got a short show, Marlon Pregame at 1230.
Any interest?
Even a little bit?
No.
Oh, I'm sorry.
They're 1 and 6.
They're off to a smoking start.
I've been telling you for years about Dalamakras.
I've been using them for years myself
and they're outstanding service.
If you thought diving 100 mattress on the phone
was an easy way to shop,
check out their website, mattress.com.
You shop whenever and wherever you want.
You when you log on to Dalamakras.
And in fact, if you can't sleep good
and like because your mattress sucks,
just get off at three o'clock in the morning
and go online.
When you log on to mattress.com,
the page you'll see the extensive product line they carry
from Celia and Simmons,
sort of King Cural Tempubidic,
Steer & Zinvananas Foster too.
You'll also see photos, prices and a whole lot more.
We know a lot of you folks like those pictures.
You can do the whole ordering process online
or after visit mattress.com,
make the call to 1-800 mattress
and place your order on the phone,
schedule a two-hour delivery window of your choice
any day of the week, like 11-1, noon to 2,
1-30 to 3-30, et cetera.
And they show up just when you want them
when it's convenient for you.
And right now, we should take advantage
of dial amactose is great 12 month financing program.
When you call dial amactose at 1-800 mattress,
you get factory direct prices lower
than chain stores even during their so-called big sales.
Big sale, my ass.
Call right now to dial amactose at 1-800 mattress.
It's the official mattress company of this show.
Call right now 1-800 mattress.
You'll be talking to expert bedding consultants
so we know their crap or log on to
mattress.com for the best sleep you've had in years.
1-800 MATTRES leave off the last S
because it stands for STUPENDIS saving.
This is Neil Rogers.
She found this is 5.16 Q.A.S.
Play pop little boy.
Seven night on CBS.
Eat if it's back from the dead.
It's the 20th anniversary of all in the family.
All-looking day.
If you need a job, juggle wee.
Oh, daddy, don't be such a pro.
Geez, now what ever happened to my little girl?
Look at you.
Why don't you push yourself away from the table, huh?
Maybe have a salad once in a while?
Daddy.
Don't you know how many of the worst people have never had a decent meal?
Again with its charity spieler.
Well, it's true.
Jos, why don't you send them the bones from the turkey you had for breakfast?
Oh, what a good one.
Oh, why could we learn that?
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
If I thought she was pushing updates, my mom.
Oh, now watching the last episode was all a bit intrigued.
It seems so bad to me.
Look, when was it back, baby?
Push the dead off and get me in at a beat.
Oh, wow.
The 20th anniversary of all in the family.
Saturday night on CBS.
Brought to you by IBS Home Car Spongebob School, where you can learn all of mechanics,
every prayer, all that she's got.
You're so more famous.
733 votes.
By the way, I got about 75 different versions of the theme.
You can say that the sign told show is better than all the family indicates to me a very lack of a perspricacity on your part.
Is that right?
Yes.
Okay, let's.
In fact, I would say that you can look at the popularity of sign filled if you don't just want to take my word for it.
As opposed to the popularity of all in the family, that's still in reruns all these years later after all these people are dead.
Well, at least Carol O'Connor.
Meathead's still around.
And the glory of she's still proud.
She probably weighs 600 pounds.
And Edith, she's still eating it.
Who else was on that show?
And of course, everybody else spun off.
How many spin-offs were there from sign filled?
Uh, three, I think that all failed.
Now I see.
Well, what about the Jefferson's, did that fail?
And even Mob, which is a bad show, as I can't stand be Arthur.
Was that a failure now?
No.
Huh.
It can't be that one.
What are we talking about here?
Mod and the Jefferson's were spin-offs from all in the family when they made that show.
Yeah, I mean, the success of all in the family.
I mean, the Jefferson's was a big show in itself.
Like, let's say the Jefferson's were, George Jefferson was a great character.
And Ian, he also even weezy.
What was the main's name?
I don't remember.
She was great.
It's our classic bitch.
Anyway, I like her, O'Connor.
It's all one and ten.
Oh, by the way, somebody went by and bought a CD from Rolly out of the stadium.
Oh my God!
Don't forget we got our best and the best...
But turn, man!
And those nifty t-shirts out there with the gate F at the stadium.
I think it's gate F, isn't it?
F stands for...
F stands for...
F's up, right?
Oh!
And somebody actually bought a CD.
Well, thank you so very much.
You see, this is the year we can actually thank people individually.
Oh, yeah, because they're going by the ones.
They are just going like flat jacks.
Man.
Somebody QAAM all in the family line.
Hello.
How about Sally Struthers?
They're the...
Eat some America and...
Go with some...
Okay, great.
WQAAM, hello.
Hey, you know, how you doing, buddy?
I think I just got through Sanctuary 600 pounds.
Yes, sir.
Forth of all, I'm total agreement.
Jerry Seinfeld couldn't hold a script for Carol Conner.
Right, exactly.
I mean, who the hell are we kidding?
I agree.
And Johnny Carson, you know, he was the extreme to the accept to the net work
with Jack Parme to that show at the beginning.
He just took over a show that was already tested.
He did to that show what the J. Lennon was done after he was a Carson left.
That's okay, that's all.
J. Lennon was worse in Carson, but he never did that.
Oh, by far, yes.
I need to ask your question, buddy.
You know, I hear these kids ask me all these questions.
Okay, when Jesus Christ is erected, right?
Was there a bunny rabbit sitting here giving them an ape chain,
which was something that explain the kid?
Yes, they did after.
They were rolling Easter eggs under the cross.
That is correct.
I'm just figuring out really.
I had to Easter bunny getting involved when Jesus Christ brought you back to the house.
I got some words for your answer and those kids, okay, bubble my seat.
There we go.
I didn't like the show.
Or the team.
That was a bad show.
I'm sorry, I mentioned.
I don't like who it all.
And the guy that played the husband, I don't remember what his name was.
I'm mod.
He was just, he was just a knowing.
In fact, I think he was probably related to Jerry Seinfeld.
However, I like George so much, but his taste sometimes is just appalling.
Now, he hates this theme.
Doesn't he?
Am I right about that?
Yes, I do.
I only hate two themes, especially good times, which I think is excellent.
And this one.
How, how can you know how this theme is?
I think it's the good part.
He's really got a passion of the...
Yes.
He's amazing.
He's amazing.
He's amazing.
I'm sorry.
It's a horrible show with an excellent theme.
It's a very good theme.
There's nothing not to like there.
He's just, he's just a little hard-ass.
That's all.
But then again, you and he have a good time next week.
I won't be on vacation next week.
I'm suspending myself for a week.
Well, let's see.
What was that guy that ran around?
Oh, no, that's, I already played that version of it.
I got 1,500 different versions of all in a family thing.
How many versions do I have assigned?
I don't think I even have one.
I don't even know what the theme sounded like.
I never watched it.
Why I watched enough of it?
I know I hated it like point.
And Jerry Sainte told personal,
how do you not like that show?
It wasn't funny.
That's why.
It wasn't funny.
And he's not funny.
And he makes me nauseous.
He makes me want to start, I don't know,
painting swastikers on doors.
Seriously, he's just nauseating.
He's like a male barber stri-sand.
He's like one step worse than Gary Shaneling.
We get back to the thing he's thinking about.
People are just two Jewish, just dripping with New York Jeweliness.
Well, that's Jerry Sainte-Fell.
He's a walking billboard for anti-Semitism, anti-Semitism.
Wait until you hear this.
Intelligence experts warned that a proposal to merge two Pentagon intelligence units
could create an ominous new agency.
How's Jack Webb doing?
Thank you.
ominous.
The secret police, a threatened turf grab by controversial Pentagon intelligence unit is causing concern among both
privacy experts and some of the defense departments own personnel.
An informal panel of senior Pentagon officials have been holding a series of unannounced private meetings over the past several weeks
about how to proceed with a possible merger between the counterintelligence field activity, CIFACFA,
a post-Ni-level Pentagon creation that's been accused of domestic spying as we know.
And the defense security service, the initials of which are the SS, underline the SS part,
where they're going to have some nifty belt buckles, the SS.
God is mit unz.
A well-established older agency responsible for inspecting the security arrangements of defense contractors.
I can't wait to see that.
You understand the stupeoking strats of everyone.
Amen.
So start coo-steppen, baby, because there may have been a joke once upon a time,
but now the jokes on us are new anyway.
26 past 11 at 5.60 WDQM, finally a TV experience like no other.
Comcast, digital cable with on-demand is easy to use and has lots for you to love.
And today you can try it for just $34.99 a month for three months.
Why is TV so much better with on-demand? I'm glad you asked.
For starters, you can watch a wide variety of movies and shows whenever you want.
It's a revolutionary new way to enjoy a TV.
On-demand is a library of thousands of programs ready to start when you say so,
with programming including free movies, kid shows, music videos, cooking shows,
sports, home improvement shows, guitar lessons and so much more.
You'll always have something great to watch right when you want to watch it,
like the Rockford files.
And don't forget about control with on-demand. You can start, stop, pause, rewind, and fast forward programs using that remote.
You sure can't get all these things with satellite.
With up to 250 channels plus on-demand, you can build your own TV schedule
who could possibly axe for more.
And best of all, on-demand is free with Comcast Digital Table.
So pick your showtimes, pick your nose, sit back and you wonder how you ever manage to get along without it.
Call to the order Comcast Digital Table and HBO with a Power of On-demand for just 3499 a month or three months
in date, call 305 Comcast.
And I'm getting choked up about it and brawered.
9, 5, 4 Comcast.
This is Neil Roger.
What's solid? This is 5.16 Q.A.
If I have evil logic, it's right to hear me over.
Well, I know against watching, church, I only handle my nipples, sir.
What a fiction has come over me.
Like an amulet, I'm a chef, something bad as a raveness.
I'm not for innocent bad movies.
My king, Q.A.
There's no reason.
I know it's true, sir.
It calls to be a very holy night or supper, so much,
to call back some great people.
I see a lot of my partners wondering if I have a call on you,
and I'm not for you.
Hello, I'm Carol O'Connor.
We have 75 versions of it.
I'm trying to boost the Carol O'Connor vote up there,
but let's at least have a little bit of credibility.
Not too much.
Who's your favorite all-time?
I mean, it's an opinion.
We're asking it's subjective.
Who do you like?
And if you like Jerry Sin, I can say,
look at that.
It's getting tight now.
Each your heart out.
Johnny, 103, they're not going to catch Johnny, right?
No.
Edmick Mann's voting over.
He's a free-pin' it.
Jackie Gleason, 65, seems not even close.
Jerry Sin fell 57.
Carol O'Connor, 54.
He's right on Jerry's ass.
And believe me, that's a hell of a load to carry.
57 to 55, he's within a pair.
He's within a small pair, Carol O'Connor.
He's dead and he's moving faster than he ever did in real life.
And rightfully so.
Wait till you hear this.
This is a joke.
I don't want to give people depressed.
Because, you know, if you look at what's really going on in the world,
you probably want to kill somebody, maybe yourself.
Don't jump.
Man, look at it.
It's too nice to be in here.
It just looks too sunny and beautyous.
Looks like a good day for a ballgame.
It's already 50 and it's going to be 20.
That's 68 Fahrenheit today.
Oh, man.
I'm out of here.
See ya.
Here's Josh.
Top US secret military intelligence documents, which could compromise
how many carsized government in Afghanistan have turned up for sale in the Afghan Bizarre,
like at the flea market.
After apparently being stolen from a nearby US military base.
Isn't that comforting to know?
Oh, yeah.
The security, landfill, and barris, US military and the Afghan and Pakistani governments,
the files are stored on computer memory sticks, and among those to come to light so far
are listed top-gan officials, including cabinet members, suspected of involvement in the drug trade
or supporting the Taliban insurgency.
Oh, the Taliban.
I thought we got rid of them.
Not.
One of the most potentially damaging files, which is brought unwittingly by unwittingly.
Boy, am I doing good or what?
Bought unwittingly by an Afghan journalist named Senior Afghan Ministers,
whom US intelligence agencies believe to be drug smugglers, described as Tier 1 warlords.
They include Marshall Mohamad Fahim, former Defense Minister, and now member of the upper house of the Afghan parliament.
General Rashid Dostom, chief of staff of the Army in general, Muhammad Dawud,
I think he used to play for the main beliefs.
Presently, the Interior Minister for counter-narcotics, the other person who once told over the counter,
the Interior Ministry has refused to comment.
All three of the nine past speculations were involved in Afghanistan's 1.5 billion-pound drug trade.
It's like almost $3 billion drug trade.
That's the staple.
That's the centerpiece of their economy still.
I-Poppies.
That's what it's all about.
We did a heck of a job there, Brownie and Afghanistan.
Not.
Boy, if I flip this thing and curl, O'Connor moves ahead of sign-fell, I'm going to flip.
59 to 57.
That's where the real battle is right there for third.
The battle for first and second.
Although, you know, Milton Burle was known as the father of the Taliban.
What was it?
What was it?
Mr. Television.
Excuse me.
Mr. Television.
And Milton Burle's only got eight votes.
And you want to know why?
Why?
Because most of the old toads like me who remember Milton Burle are mostly dead.
Like Uncle Mildee.
Isn't he dead?
Yeah, he's dead.
Is he?
Which I-
He was.
Was what?
Mr. Television?
No.
No, but he was big.
He was huge.
Yeah.
Man, he was gigantic.
He was a monster in the TV industry.
But he-well, Uncle Mildee was-see, Uncle Mildee came first.
He was the pioneer.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7
I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but
I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but
I'm not putting the Scripture underneath a P il.
This clarinet.
I'm going to exit through of Karl John
I forgot the key to who we are.
the specific element of rather than copyright protection avec the rewrite system with the Solomon Ecclesiara.
Hawaii, Hawaii. Oh man. Playing that little banjo with a Hawaiian shirt on. What a far
bison. Here's the only count worth hotel on the beach at the
goth free. No Jews or dark folks allowed by the way. I just mentioned that in
passing. And so because the population of Miami Beach was overwhelming with
Jewish, they did the smart thing. They did the suite after our name of the
earth and goth free road 41st Street. When you do that, oh, yeah. I'm still
waiting. What did you say? I said I was about to say oh, sure. And I just, I'm sure
we both have to button there. Yeah, I can't believe you said that. I didn't
say what you think. Yeah, you didn't. I did not. You said. Anyway, they didn't
hear it anyhow. Whatever we just said. Hit it again. It is bad. Man. So I said
now what was I talking about? Oh about Arthur Godfrey Road. Being outdoors a lot.
Maybe you're walking. Maybe you waltz it up in that Arthur Godfrey Road, which is
right next to Hermann Gehring Lane, I think. Waltz it all around in South Florida.
You'd better have some comfortable shoes to do all I walk in. So the only place
you want to take your feet is Brandy Shoes in Pomato Beach. It's a treat for
your free or feet. See, I almost did it when you shop at Brandy's. Brandy's
carry is major brands like Forrest Shime, Echo, Mifisto, Rockport. You did say it
by the way. Hush puppies and new balance and tons of other name brands and
all sizes for men and women and they even carry wide wits and hard to find
sizes. Brandy Shoes is the largest independent true retailer in South
Florida. When you see the selection value you get and the great services while you
understand what I've been raving about Brandy's for years. Go talk to our good buddy Arnie
who will make damn sure you get the right fitting shoes for your feet at the right price
every time. And a lot of those department stores where it's a miracle if you have the
style, if they wait on you first of all and then if you find the style you like in your
size, forget about that kind of deal because the only thing they do with Brandy's is shoes.
So you never have to worry about size selection or service. You want it? They got it. Brandy
Shoes at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pomato Beach between Atlantic and Copa's on the east
side. You can't miss it. Brandy's open Monday through Saturdays till 9 and every Sunday till 5.
And don't forget this week, another great week to my SAS shoes at Brandy's because you're
going to save 20 to 40 bucks a pair in all great men's and women's SAS styles this week.
So be sure to get your fat ass into Brandy's or shop online on their website at brandy's shoes.com.
This is Neil Rogers. Oh my god. This is 516 QAZ.
You know who I am? I'm Moe Green. I made my boat when you were going out with cheerleaders.
You're thinking this very person.
Absolutely.
People want to make me go.
Talking about my innovation. But I still got some lost to mold.
Talking about my innovation.
The jobs I do, man, they're off the hard.
Talking about my innovation.
Oh, nobody acts for my green card.
Talking about my innovation.
My innovation.
My innovation is safe.
They want me to go away.
Talking about my innovation.
Who's gonna work for this kind of thing?
Talking about my innovation.
They just fulfill the water ran your whole nation.
Talking about my innovation.
They keep telling me there's my brother I keep this.
Talking about my innovation.
They have this kind of innovation.
They miss their innovation.
I'm gonna cut your bushes.
Somebody will cut those bushes.
I'm gonna puke. Wait, do you have any idea who's the most popular TV personality on right now?
On today?
Oh.
Drew Carey.
What?
Followed by Regis Filben,
Oprah and David Letterman.
How's that possible? Drew Carey?
I'm just telling you right now. It's the Harris Poe.
I didn't even do it.
Can I show anymore?
Uh, uh, who the hell knows?
David Letterman, then Ray Romano, Jay Lino,
Bill O'Reilly, Kelsey Grammer, Katie Krueck, and Rosie O'Donnell.
Ah, wait a minute.
Oh my gosh.
So we're doing pretty good. I'm very happy.
Those are the people aren't on our poll by the way and rightfully so.
We probably ought to put Regis on it, don't you think?
Yeah, that's right.
On the 100 years.
Regis Filbunk.
You just said that by all.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 50,
but I've done it too.
We all do it.
You know, when you talk extemporary, it's like tomorrow when you do the show.
I got you on tape.
I'm doing it.
Well, I'm real happy for it.
And 5, 6, 7, we can probably sell that.
Let's make copies of that and sell it out there at the ballpark.
How many of those CDs we got so far?
So, let me tell you one more.
I haven't got another call.
Oh, come on, Rolly.
He's holding back.
He's probably pocketing the cash.
Just a joke, Rolly.
Just relax.
Okay, maybe that's Miguel pocketing the cash.
Human Erica something going.
WQYM, hello.
Hey, Tom, how you doing?
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm James Garner's on there with Jack Lourd, you know, uh, Steve Garrett.
Hey, you sure better than James Garner.
Exactly.
I got two things for you.
You have to make it a much better show.
Exactly.
I can't stand the high ball with Crow Magna.
And is this an M or couch potato so fucking?
What happened to you two first?
Now, so you should have played that after I hit the button.
He didn't, he didn't leave a long like, uh, no, he didn't.
Now, what was he, I just said before that, before I dumped a whole call.
Talking about the Crow.
No, no, before that.
Oh, Jack Lourd, I'm looking for, uh, that, that, that, that, that.
See, every time we do the, uh, themes, that one does very well and rightfully so.
What, what's this guy got in here?
I don't know.
This is Shirley Jo.
Oh, wait, we end up a you, Shirley.
By the way, Ray, this is already on there.
Oh, is he?
Yeah.
Well, thank God for that.
We're now not going to find out who I have, oh, thank.
We'll be one minutes and we're out of here.
I'm talking to my five.
Oh.
There are these, uh, very successful rich types from, uh, TV.
They, uh, retired.
They faded away and they went up to Hawaii like Raymond Burr.
Okay.
And Jack Lourd,
retired at the diamond head in Hawaii.
Do you know that?
No, I did not.
Yeah, a lot of them and the guys that went out there and bought their own island in the South Pacific.
Who did that?
Who was the one that bought an island?
Was that, it was Marlon Brando?
Did that?
Yes.
Speaking of gay and wide brand.
Marlon Brando, one thing about him and he was an equal opportunity, uh, doer.
He was doing everybody.
Guys, gals, uh, something between, you know,
well, he's the godfather.
He sure, that's right.
He spread it around.
He spread the wealth and the fat around.
Johnny Carson 104, Jackie Gleason 68,
Carol O'Connor 67, Jerry Seinfeld 65.
Oh.
Man, for justice, we go to Kuala,
only David Letterman 48, Bill Shatton,
or 43, Phil Hartman 35.
You know, I gotta play that.
We don't have a lot of this.
It's a shame because this is, I like this, uh, topic.
I don't even know what the topic is.
We got good by Chris Farley.
I might have to play that.
We did put him on there, right?
Yes, we did.
That was my vote.
And then we got.
Goodbye, Phil Hartman.
When did you win?
And you were a real good guy that had so much more to give.
But you found me the psychotic dude.
Absolutely.
The trigger finger god has itch.
But the good news is that
he blew herself away because everybody knows that he didn't tell him.
They let murderers walk every day.
Another laughter has died thanks to your psychobic wife
who had a stupid thing like
Britain.
And news radio was a lame show except that you were there.
And some characters from the system
that lost their voice
is the call that this your life would have lasted long.
But she left you no choice.
Goodbye, joy, the claw that you made of from such films that
I'm sorry that I've murdered a room of hands a gun.
And learning I just do your head off.
Now Lionel Husk can't get rid off.
She's dead anyway.
Saturday night has fallen further.
And it's a case instead of the reason you left anyway.
And the such that you died,
the so your psychotic wife
with that stupid thing like
Britain.
And the sense will never be the same again.
Baming.
A househouse like your past and free your fire.
Is it an acid?
How we've fallen?
Had a dump that?
Yep.
I'm sure you did too.
I did but goodbye to Hartman anyway.
Well just remember next time I go to play we're not
the oh god we can't say anything no more man.
It's your America.
I don't want any part of it.
I'll just take the check thank you that's but it.
Well speaking of TV we don't want to put a monitor because you know
well we could put them on.
How about John Stewart?
Yeah.
Right.
And what about Dave Schipel?
There you go.
Okay get him on there please.
And while you're getting him on there Dave Schipel says
the new interview that he had several reasons for walking away from his
cult fave Schipel show and deal with more than 50 million bucks.
50 million.
Is this isn't believe the Comedy Central Series last may left fans
and industry executives to question his motives and his sanity.
But in a 10 page spread in the Esquire magazine he says he closed the
Schipel for reasons cultural, professional and personal.
Culturally the bottom line was why people own everything and work in a
black person go and be himself or say something that's familiar to him and not
have to explain or apologize.
Professionally I felt like I was really pressured to settle for something
I didn't necessarily feel like I won and personally the thing about show
businesses that in a way forces dysfunctional relationships and people he says.
So Pell tells the magazine that putting on Schipel's show was the best TV
experience he ever had.
He plans to continue telling Joe's entertaining audience he says
so long as he can retain a degree of personal and creative freedom.
He don't like it.
He don't want it.
Okay.
50 million he'll want it.
We'll take it.
And maybe that'll pay for the money we're going to lose in a marlins this season.
Speaking of your Florida marlins your one and six marlins off to a fantastic start.
They're trying to salvage one game against the Padres today this is the third
in the final game it would be the rubber game if they'd won one but it's not the rubber
game it's the final game of a three game set.
With a sandy ego Padres with uniforms that even little liggers wouldn't wear
and that's a pregame at 12 30 it's only 35 minutes away Josh and a game time at 105
with Dave Van Boring and Roxy Foxy.
I would be surprised if Roxy Foxy shows up filling for Hank him our morning there
they're still confabulating and debating about that.
812 already that was our gold by 1230 we already got 812 how do you like that you want
to know why why Carol Conner Carol Conner people put us over the top in fact Carol
O'Connor has surpassed Jackie Gleason how do you like that he off over his big fat body
for a dead guy Carol's really moving fast.
Johnny Carson 104 Carol O'Connor 70 Jackie Gleason 60 now what you suddenly
pressed about that well Jackie Gleason is great yeah and so is Carol O'Connor
but I let me ask you something how many honey moners are Jackie Gleason shows
that you ever seen your life I actually used to watch the Jackie Gleason show
my grandpa when I was a kid you would know Audrey Meadows from the Meadows in
the Pittsburgh from the racetrack you would know Dave Polone from the umpire
come on you better get with him this if you would know Brian Sears from Sears and Robon
this is Neil Rogers
this is Pope John Paulins and if he asks me they know everything more fun
than playing grab ass with this Swiss guy is the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour
oh there's the congress to join me in passing new immigration laws that will match
willing foreign workers with willing American employers when no Americans can be found to
fill the jobs my name is one I come from Mexico I walk on my under the moon like glow
I close the door the hand baby's in Italy don't get a job that's paying me
because your president he wants a ball at least
we'll make it so that one don't work for free
although I'm probably want that red gem or I don't know what my job will be
I hope you play more than a facial watch my wage again
watch my wage again
probably one memory 20 minutes away from that pregame show the marlins
waiting for half an hour wouldn't you say I love that
would you like that yes you're so excited I'm ready to go on body with you all
thank because George embarrassed me to do that instead of that tribute to thin
lizzie remember the one I used to play yeah that what what do you laugh at about
there was nothing wrong with it no they're real fine that's not the original one
I don't like that why do me senting to me it was fine were you like thin lizzie anyway
I probably think like that song song it's wrong with that I was wrong with you man when you
start when he's beginning of any kind of a sports season man if you're like a real
a real guy like me you know macho guy
love it anyway speak of that hundreds of game let's be in parents hoping to take their
families to the annual White House Easter egg rule plan to start lining up tomorrow evening
to make sure they get tickets for the Monday event I wouldn't miss that and oh oh I'm going
to skip through all this other crap thousands of tickets and estimated 16 thousand
last year given when the first come first or basis beginning 7 30 on Saturday morning so
they're going to be still lined up tomorrow night I'm good Friday uh well see is good Friday like
all dayers like an ended sundown like the Jew holidays like pace off you don't know it ends you
don't know you're falling cast like what do you know the egg rule has been a Washington
tradition since mid 19th century children use spoons to push colored eggs through the
grid through the grass and a race past events have included petting zoos and White House staff
members in bunny costumes now here's the part that I get real nervous about the president sometimes
makes a brief appearance and the first lady often reads a story the White House has announced plans
for this year let me just here's a little heads up for all you people are going to be in the Easter
egg rule if the president starts reading my pet goat I'd make a run for it you know I'm saying yeah
not a good sign if he starts reading my pet goat to the kid you know that that part in Fahrenheit
and I'm a little where he's sitting there like his eyes or his B.D. eyes are rolling around like uh
that that's and you'll notice that uh who now was the press secretary to the bullhead guy that
the the government that uh you're fairy oh what that would you know I came to his name now
outside out of mind the one who preceded scum or column what do you know I'm talking about I do
but I don't and he you know and well first it was Carl roll wasn't a Carl roll that was written
in his ear was it no was not who was it oh it was Andy card I'm sorry Andy card who just left
but they just leave him there he just sitting there now wouldn't you think that just from a
security standpoint the country's out of attack wouldn't you think they would whisk his ass out of
there and like take him to a place of safety just I wouldn't that be common sense the uh yeah secret
service which also by the way SS secret service a lot of SS going on America these days
anybody would uh a big belt buckle it says SS on it or God is new toones comes to your house
knocking on the door I'd go into basement even if you don't have one which you probably don't
what the hell with Erie Fleischer I'm sorry excuse me I'm so sorry
out of sight out of mind hey Erie you fat rhymes with now speak you know it's how they're debunking
all this religious crap like to think about prayer remember that sir we had about two weeks ago
that people keep calling and oh just see that yeah we saw it we had it on our website
now here's another one sounds like it sounds like one of those um secular humanist plots to me
near death experiences have a biological explanation rather than a spiritual one
yeah yeah yeah yeah I mean I'm sure you have so many times seen these stories especially in the
tab was oh well they were on the other side but they came back and they can tell us uh you know
about the light on the other side and heaven you've heard that yeah that's my favorite is I
died for a second and I saw the light right it's funny to me because I've been knocked out before
for certain reasons I see the light no no you see you see white that's what happens and people
mistake that you know something the light on the other side I've got a phone and I've
used it a few years ago and broke that bone in my hand it went white didn't it no no when I was on
the tram going back to the apartment listen to me okay when I was on the tram because I was dizzy
the whole time back and just before I got off the tram everything went white that's right that
that was Jesus oh was that Jesus well that proves that all these you know dark folks who
want us to believe Jesus was black guess what we've seen him he was white he was as white as a ghost
as a matter of fact the ghost of Jesus nonsense anyway near death experiences have a biological
explanation rather than a spiritual one research says the US teams have the same parts of the brain
are activated when people dream as a near death experience the study in neurology compared 55
people who had had near death experiences 55 who would not those with near death experiences were
more likely to have less clearly separated boundaries between sleeping and waking the scientist
people who have had near death experiences commonly before being surrounded by bright life or
gazing down on themselves in operating theater many of these sensations are also common experiences
of being in the dream state or rapid eye movement REM they are EM you ferry stages sleep the
researchers said near death experiences were defined by the University of Kentucky researchers
as a time during a life-threatening episode when a person undergoes an out-of-body experience
unusual alertness or season intense light or feels a great sense of peace they found 60% of those
who report such experiences that they experienced the REM status sleep during periods of wakefulness
only a quarter of those who had not had near death experiences that they experienced this REM
intrusion examples of this include waking up and feeding unable to move having sudden muscle
weakness in the legs and hearing sounds just before falling asleep or waking up that others don't
what is it waking up that others don't hear what does that mean I don't know study I'm just reading
what it says okay I didn't write it it's on the BBC and we these people these birds supposedly
know their crap okay so study author professor Kevin Nelson of the University of Kentucky
Lexington led the study said the findings suggest that REM state intrusion contributed near
death experiences he told the daily telegraph I see there's an activation of certain brain regions
that are also active during the dream state however I hesitate to call a dreaming or dreaming
this is the first testable hypotheses of a biological basis for these experiences in other words
all that hocus focused and I was on the other side and I was in heaven I was in hell there was
this bright light and all this other crap and meantime they were playing like what tells that
song that video by REM that I love oh to George witcher is all right is it that popular well was
there a few years ago I mean everybody hurts is one or losing my religion the loot no not losing my
my no are you I mean wait a minute like a a primer on REM you better get with it mister I know
my queens all right then then figure it out no no the imitation of life okay didn't you like that
video I thought that video was really neat REMs good they are great little on the gate sorry but
that's nothing else is anything wrong with that is your buddy Seinfeld would say oh geez who's
your all-time favorite TV celebrity we got a good Hoss Ray school in here see you didn't think so
we got 834 and we need some more or or not we'll have that thousand by two o'clock easy in fact
Josh is going to sit around there and check it every few minutes or not Johnny Carson 105 they can't
touch Johnny here's Johnny you know he he was really looking pretty bad there towards the last
couple of years did you see those photos of him you know like yeah looking pretty bad
and he kept saying I'm dying over here terrible counters 70 Jackie Gleason 69 oh look at the
way those two oh and very tight Jerry Seinfeld 66 you've got three people four votes apart two of them
dead even the dead people this is like when John Ascroff went for Senate and Missouri and lost
to the dead guy two dead people beaten Jerry Seinfeld three dead people beaten them David Letterman
49 Bill Shatton or 45 we like him because he's a who he's become a real clown you know kind of
like our GM he's a clown is not the reason we like him or or these the Trekkies you certainly
can't believe it Bill Shatton although Bill Shatton was like a Shakespearean actor do you know
that good Canadian boy I did yeah he was a Shakespearean actor and he was on medic in the early days
of TV with Richard Boone from Paladin fame and then all of a sudden he was like on that start wreck
Phil Hartman 36 he and after we played the well probably because the dump probably knocked most of it out
wow it's a day of the beginning I'm sure yeah it's something about holes I can't say which letter
Lucille Ball I love Lucille 33 Lucie and James Garner knocked me right out as God
about third man is shock and it's an embarrassing meal Roger this is 516 QA
I don't give a crap what that's very necessary if he was the first thing to guys that
I'll have you know I know what I'm talking about
here I'm recording at the time though I can't be elevated down and on my way to the car when I put my
folded mask in house I give a three condo pizza the toys are back and pow
come on. The toys are back and pow
come on  pressures
come on d pressure
to . .
hair musst
I said the toys are back and pow
Why you
I got a lot of you sport
Oh, I know everything that's going on with that rules my I even know all the new my job rules
You know it's too bad. Geldie didn't invite me to lunch while I was here for the game of the night because I could have
Then seen if all this black and blue marks the hill up yet, but maybe just want to hide it
Remember me just too cheap or maybe he just hates me like boys and whatever
Favorite all-time TV personality man. This is tight Johnny well not the top spot Johnny Carson who could touch Johnny Carson
107 but Carol O'Connor 73 Jackie Grayson 70 and Jerry Sinkel 68 and again see you're getting confused the pool isn't
What's your favorite show or what was the best show the question is who is your favorite all-time TV?
So not necessarily the best the most talented the greatest the fattest the whatever
See what I'm saying yeah the most Jewish no who is your favorite and that's a matter of opinion subjective
You know just because some people have bad taste and voted for Simon fell I mean nothing's perfect
Simon fell 68 David little bit of 49 is pretty pretty steep drop
Bill Shatner 46 only read the double digits because we're short on 10 we only got 13 minutes to the Lamarling game as a matter of fact
Just just a joke
Bill Shatner 46 Lucille ball 36 Lucie
Didn't all human husbands talk like that Lucie he is he was a genius though got a handed to him
He's still dead both of them are dead and you know who else is dead Fred Mertz and then Ethel
Now there is there is a show all of the cast members are dead
All of the main ones, you know, I love Lucie maybe advance in your pants
William Frawley he was also on my three sons. He was the first grandpa. I believe then he croaked he had some nerve you have some nerve
Uh Phil Harman 36 who also croaked James Garner 31 who I think is still alive Bob Newhart 23 boy
Bob Newhart used to be funny about a hundred years ago
Steve Allen 20 should be much higher than that even though we lost our respect for him when he became an old Fuddy-Duddy
Barbara Eden 20 Chris Farley 18 16 and he griffin 16 still alive and you know what he don't look too bad for 110
He was I think with Larry King a couple weeks ago and looking almost human
Aren't you shocked? Yes. Now who would you rather have still live?
Al Lewis grandpa or Andy Griffith?
I mean grandpa at least was good for some yucks
Allen all the 16 Elizabeth Montgomery 14 howard co-cell 14 despise hated by Dave Johnson
And speaking of Dave Johnson, it's less than a month away from Derby Day from our early of oh boy
Mike said it about that or what about the thoroughbred racing Carol Bernat 14 Michael Z Fox 13
Michael Z Fox
Oh man how about Jose Jimenez
Sherman Hemsley aka George Griffith how about Puppy Campo 13 how about Dave Gareway and the chimp
Jack Ben the 11 and Paul Lindelliv and everybody else single digits
Including Bill Cosby with mine and Uncle Milti's only got eight. That's yeah Michael Z Fox is a little shaky
Yeah, how can you vote for a guy that dressed up in drag like Uncle Milti?
At least speaking of a drag at least 65,000 Iraqis have fled their homes as a result of sectarian violence and intimidation
According to new figures from the Iraqi government and the rate at which Iraqis are being displaced is increasing things are going well
Oh, we're fine Iraq since our illegal invasion
Since we decided to destroy their country
Figures given by to the BBC by the Ministry for deplacement of migration show a doubling in the last two weeks of the number of Iraqis forced to move
There's been a sharp rise in sectarian violence since the bombing of that important Shia Shrine in February
Some of the intimidation is being carried out by mobile phone
People are leaving their homes because of violence or intimidation just because they don't feel safe no more
People have been receiving threatening text messages and gruesome videos filled on mobile phone cameras in one of them
Soonie Iraqi man who ended a mainly Shia neighborhood of Baghdad is being seen being
beaten and killed by men and black clothes
The video was instant out with the warning that this is what would happen any other soonie came to this area
The Iraqi Ministry for deplacement and migration told the BBC almost 11,000 families have left their homes
equivalent to about 65,000 people based on the average Iraqi family size. That's too many
There would be like six people a family
Mommy daddy and maybe who knows and four kids too many
One thing about them schmataids man they reproduce like
rats
Much of this displacement is taking place in and around Baghdad where the violence has been worse with many people moving in with relatives and or friends
And you notice how the media is doing a fabulous job talking about this not
Now and it's through talking about the chick from a rubah. What was the one they were all whipped up?
Yesterday I figured we made some mention of it that we're supposed to be all creased about
I forgot what it is already yesterday
In the last couple of days they had one going and last week it was that kid that was on the you know that was
Horing himself on the internet. Yeah, everybody think of some other story that basically most people shouldn't give it them about
But we you know the media uses it to like cover up all the real stuff like this
Like this poor lady who died yesterday in Disney World
49-year-old woman died Wednesday
They have to be coming here after writing mission space in Walt Disney World the second death unless the near it really to the Epcot ride
So intense that it has motion sickness bags and several writers have been treated for chest pain
How do you like that? You know who I blame for it? Who's that?
I
The woman became real after writing the rocket ship ride to the afternoon was to try of course
You also have I mean planes have motion sickness bags too, right?
Yeah, bar bag
Right far a pub bag the woman became a laughter writing the rocket ship ride to the afternoon was transported to celebration hospital celebration hospital
Boy bizarre where her condition worsened and she died
Disney spoke so many chema printee said and they statement the woman's identity hometown
We're in the media released and printing said an additional information would be released last night
Spokeswoman for the hospital said no one told about the woman was available, but she is dead
We oppose the attraction to reconfirm proper operation of the ride they said
Disney official told state inspectors yesterday the woman fell dizzy and nauseated after getting off the ride kind of like after hearing the crow on here
And may have suffered from my blood pressure other health problems. Oh, yeah. She probably was sick at it
I'm couldn't possibly been that and speaking of something that'll make you sick
Uh, Paula Flamer coined a very jackass Reggie Jackson said he's approached Marlon's owner Jeffrey Luria about purchasing a portion of the team of Luria says uh-uh
No interest
Jackson and his three investment partners have failed in several attempts to buy teams including the Oakland A's last year
Jackson said the group would be interested in owning either minority or majority interest in the Marlins
And as both the issue to Luria in the past about try to do something if anything ever rose
I know Jeff. I feel I have good relationship
Reggie said
Jackson approached Luria again during spring training as to about the Marlon's stadium efforts
Luria said if there's some interest Reggie will let you know stay in touch will let you know in other words
Don't call us will call you
This is me or Roger and we can do what we call you this is five sixteen
Your friend angrape is funny
illos
All
Can they

You need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only
control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control, you need only control I'm not even reading 20 pages right here now. All of a sudden, you can't write me the question here, bro, I'm old, but it appreciate all of my skill, you need only control, I'm not starting to understand, I'm old, but I'minden and straight to you, absolute
I'm gonna be so happy to see you.
I'm gonna be a better man.
I'm gonna be a better man.
I'm gonna be a better man.
I'm gonna be a better man.
I'm gonna be a better man.
I'm gonna be a better man.
I'm gonna be a better man.
I'm gonna be a better man.
I'm gonna be a better man.
I'm gonna be a better man.
I'm gonna be a better man.
I'm gonna be a better man.
I'm gonna be a better man.
I'm gonna be a better man.
I'm gonna be a better man!
Good boy!
Good boy!
Good boy!
We sure I have too much time for an fazendo to do.
That's about that time.
About that time?
It's almost that time.
peel started playing football.
Where you gonna either get 10 s just gonna come
your house and cry on your doorstep for a week.
Mad dog from the sofa.
Kings after the games.
That's the sofa.
Kings.
